 A Study to Evaluate the Effect of Umeclidinium (UMEC) as Combination Therapy in Subjects With Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD);  This is a multicenter, randomized, double‐blind, parallel‐group study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of the addition of UMEC (62.5 microgram[mcg]) when administered once‐daily via dry powder inhaler (DPI) to Inhaled corticosteroid/ Long‐acting beta2‐agonist (ICS/LABA) twice‐daily compared with placebo via DPI added to the ICS/LABA therapy over a treatment period of 12 weeks in subjects with COPD. This study is designed to investigate the addition of UMEC to ICS/LABA combinations at approved doses and frequencies for the treatment of COPD including SERETIDE™ 500/50 mcg twice daily, Fluticasone Propionate/Salmeterol Combination (FSC) 500/50 twice daily generic products such as AIRFLUSAL FORSPIRO inhaler 500/50 mcg twice daily or ROLENIUM ELPENHALER inhaler 500/50 mcg twice daily and SYMBICORT TURBUHALER inhaler at doses of 200/6 mcg twice daily and 400/12 mcg twice daily, over 12 weeks in subjects with COPD. Albuterol/salbutamol metered‐dose‐inhaler (MDI) or nebules will be issued throughout the study for use as‐needed (prn). Subjects who meet the eligibility criteria will be randomly assigned to one of the following blinded study treatment regimens in equal proportion (1:1): UMEC 62.5 mcg once‐daily and Placebo once‐daily. Approximately 230 subjects (115 subjects per treatment) will be randomized in order to complete at least 206 evaluable subjects. The total duration of the study will be approximately 14 weeks for each subject. UMEC is a Long‐acting Muscarinic Antagonist (LAMA) currently under development as a monotherapy, as a combination product with a LABA, vilanterol (VI), for the treatment of COPD, and as a combination product with an ICS, fluticasone furoate (FF), for the treatment of asthma. The UMEC/VI combination 62.5/25 .mcg once‐daily has been approved in the United States (U.S.) and Canada for COPD under the trade name ANORO™ ELLIPTA™ and is under regulatory review in other countries. SERETIDE, ANORO, and ELLIPTA are trade marks of the GlaxoSmithKline Group of Companies. Other company or product names mentioned herein may be the property of their respective owners.
 Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: useful medications for patients with recurrent symptoms;  Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is a respiratory disorder characterised by largely irreversible changes in air flow due to irritants such as tobacco smoke. Patients with COPD experience acute exacerbations. Severe disease may progress to chronic respiratory failure. We reviewed the literature on basic medications available for COPD, using the standard Prescrire methodology. There are few clinical data on treatment of mild COPD. Regular medication is not necessary for patients who do not have recurrent symptoms. Eliminating exposure to cigarette smoke and other irritants such as workplace irritants, is the only measure known to improve the outcome of COPD. Evaluation of inhaled short‐Acting beta‐2 agonists is based mainly on short‐Term trials. These drugs have been shown to improve dyspnoea. Salmeterol and formoterol, two long‐Acting beta‐2 agonists, have been extensively evaluated in symptomatic patients. Compared with no treatment, these drugs reduce breathlessness and acute exacerbations, preventing about two hospital admissions per 100 patients with moderate to severe COPD treated for 7 months. Indacaterol and olodaterol do not have a better harm‐benefit balance. Inhaled beta‐2 agonists occasionally provoke cardiovascular disorders. No excess mortality has been reported among the thousands of COPD patients included in clinical trials. There is little evidence that ipratropium, an inhaled short‐Acting antimuscarinic bronchodilator, improves COPD symptoms. A risk of increased mortality among COPD patients treated with ipratropium cannot be ruled out. Tiotropium, an inhaled long‐Acting antimuscarinic bronchodilator, has been extensively evaluated in COPD. Tiotropium has symptomatic efficacy in COPD, reducing dyspnoea and acute exacerbations. Tiotropium had no tangible advantages over long‐Acting beta‐2 agonists in seven randomised trials including more than 12 000 patients. Glycopyrronium and aclidinium, two other inhaled long‐Acting antimuscarinics, do not appear to be more effective. Tiotropium, like other inhaled antimuscarinics, has antimuscarinic adverse effects including cardiac, visual and buccal disorders. Glycopyrronium may carry a higher risk of serious cardiovascular effects. Combination of an antimuscarinic with an inhaled beta‐2 agonist improves symptoms in 7% to 10% of patients. In patients with one or two COPD exacerbations per year, adding an inhaled corticosteroid (beclometasone, budesonide or fluticasone) to a long‐Acting beta‐2 agonist prevents about 1 exacerbation during 3 to 4 years of treatment. Inhaled corticosteroids can cause pneumonia, candidiasis, dysphonia and adrenal insufficiency. Fluticasone seems to have more adverse effects than other inhaled corticosteroids. Theophylline has uncertain efficacy on symptoms of COPD. This drug has a narrow therapeutic index and carries a risk of serious adverse effects. It should not be used in COPD. Long‐Term treatment with roflumilast or oral corticosteroids has an unfavourable harm‐benefit balance in COPD. In practice, in 2016, the first measure in COPD is to eliminate exposure to the irritant, most often tobacco. Drugs used in COPD have only modest, mainly symptomatic efficacy. Treatment should be adapted to symptoms and the frequency of exacerbations: A short‐Acting beta‐2 agonist should be tried first, then replaced by an inhaled long‐Acting bronchodilator, or possibly tiotropium, when its effect is too short‐lived. An inhaled corticosteroid can be added if symptoms persist or exacerbations are frequent.
 Is Combination Long-acting Beta-Agonist and Long-acting Muscarinic Antagonist Therapy the Future of COPD Therapy?;  Synopsis: A large, randomized, double‐blind, multicenter, noninferiority trial revealed consistent superiority in exacerbation reduction, functional respiratory improvement, and quality‐of‐life indices in certain COPD patients treated with combination long‐acting beta‐agonist and long‐acting muscarinic antagonist when compared with the standard long‐acting beta‐agonist and inhaled corticosteroid therapy that is commonly prescribed.Reference: Wedzicha JA, et al. Indacaterol‐Glycopyrronium versus Salmeterol‐Fluticasone for COPD.
 Umeclidinium/vilanterol versus fluticasone propionate/salmeterol in COPD: a randomised trial;  BACKGROUND: Umeclidinium (UMEC; long‐acting muscarinic antagonist) plus vilanterol (VI; long‐acting beta2 agonist [LABA]) and the LABA/inhaled corticosteroid fluticasone propionate/salmeterol (FP/SAL) are approved maintenance treatments for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). This 12‐week, multicentre, double‐blind, parallel‐group, double‐dummy study compared the efficacy and safety of these treatments in symptomatic patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD with no exacerbations in the year prior to enrolment. METHODS: Patients (n = 717) were randomised 1:1 to once‐daily UMEC/VI 62.5/25 mcg or twice‐daily FP/SAL 500/50 mcg. Endpoints included 0‐24 h weighted mean (wm) forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1) (Day 84; primary), trough FEV1 (Day 85; secondary), other lung function endpoints, symptoms, quality of life (QoL) and safety. RESULTS: Improvements with UMEC/VI versus FP/SAL were 0.080 L (95 % confidence interval: 0.046‐0.113; wmFEV1) and 0.090 L (0.055‐0.125; trough FEV1) (both p < 0.001). UMEC/VI statistically significantly improved all other lung function measures versus FP/SAL. Both treatments demonstrated a clinically meaningful improvement in symptoms (Transition Dyspnoea Index ≥1 unit) and QoL (St George's Respiratory Questionnaire Total score ≥4 unit decrease from baseline) over 12 weeks. The incidence of adverse events was 28 % (UMEC/VI) and 29 % (FP/SAL); nasopharyngitis and headache were most common. CONCLUSIONS: Once‐daily UMEC/VI 62.5/25 mcg over 12 weeks resulted in significant and sustained improvements in lung function versus twice‐daily FP/SAL 500/50 mcg in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD and with no exacerbations in the year prior to enrolment. TRIAL REGISTRATION: NCT01822899 Registration date: March 28, 2013.
 INvestigating COPD Outcomes, Genomics and Neutrophilic Inflammation With Tiotropium and Olodaterol;  This protocol describes a randomised controlled trial to test the hypothesis that 6 months of treatment with tiotropium and olodaterol will result in a reduction in bacterial load, an improvement in neutrophilic inflammation and clinical benefits compared with treatment with inhaled fluticasone furoate and vilanterol in patients with neutrophilic Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). COPD is the third leading cause of death worldwide and a major cause of morbidity in the UK. Exacerbations drive disease progression and worsening quality of life and therefore prevention of exacerbations has been a major goal of treatment. In recent years, attempts have been made to phenotype COPD patients in order to target therapies to the correct groups of patients that will benefit. Inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) are primarily effective for patients with eosinophilic inflammation, while there are few established therapies for patients with neutrophilic disease. In recent years, all ICS preparations have been associated with a significant increased risk of pneumonia and this risk appears to be greatest in patients with non‐eosinophilic inflammation. Combined treatment with long acting beta‐agonists (LABA) and long acting muscarinic antagonists (LAMA) combinations appears to be a safer and more effective alternative for patients with non‐eosinophilic disease. The combination of tiotropium and olodaterol in particular, has strong preclinical data supporting beneficial effects on neutrophilic inflammation. The trial is a multi‐centre randomised open label controlled parallel group study with two treatment arms in 80 participants. Moderate to very severe COPD patients and currently treated with inhaled corticosteroid therapy will be randomised to treatment with either the combination of tiotropium and olodaterol (LABA/LAMA) or fluticasone furoate and vilanterol (ICS/LABA). Participants will return at 1 month, 2 months, 3 months and 6 months for sampling of the lower airway by sputum samples and the upper airway using oropharyngeal and nasopharyngeal swabs. Sputum will be used to test for airway neutrophilic inflammation. This study will make an important contribution to understanding "phenotyping" in COPD by identifying whether the combination of tiotropium and olodaterol improves airway bacterial load and restores neutrophil function in patients with neutrophilic COPD.
 Comparison of resource use by COPD patients on inhaled therapies with long-acting bronchodilators: a database study;  BACKGROUND: The purpose of this analysis was to compare health care costs and utilization among COPD patients who had long‐acting beta‐2 agonist (LABA) OR long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA); LABA AND LAMA; or LABA, LAMA, AND inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) prescription claims. METHODS: This was a 12 month pre‐post, retrospective analysis using COPD patients in a national administrative insurance database. Propensity score and exact matching were used to match patients 1:1:1 between the LABA or LAMA (formoterol, salmeterol, or tiotropium), LABA and LAMA (tiotropium/formoterol or tiotropium/salmeterol), and LABA, LAMA and ICS (bronchodilators plus steroid) groups. Post‐period comparisons were evaluated with analysis of covariance. Costs were evaluated from a commercial payer perspective. RESULTS: A total of 523 patients were matched using 29 pre‐period variables (e.g., demographics, medication exposure). Post‐match assessments indicated balance among the cohorts. COPD‐related costs differed among groups (LABA or LAMA $2,051 SE = 91; LABA and LAMA $2,823 SE = 62; LABA, LAMA and ICS $3,546 SE = 89; all p < .0001) with the differences driven by study medication costs. However, non‐study COPD medication costs were higher for the LABA or LAMA therapy group ($911 SE = 91) compared to the LABA and LAMA therapy group ($668 SE = 58; p = 0.0238) and non‐study respiratory medications were approximately $100 greater for the LABA or LAMA therapy group relative to both LABA and LAMA (p = .0018) and LABA, LAMA, and ICS (p = .0071) therapy groups. While there was no observed difference in outpatient costs, there was a slightly higher number of outpatient visits per patient in the LABA and LAMA (25.5 SE = 0.9, p = 0.0070) relative to the LABA or LAMA therapy group (22.3 SE = 0.8) and higher utilization (89.7% of patients) with COPD visits in the LABA and LAMA therapy group relative to both the LABA or LAMA (73.8%; p < .0001) and LABA, LAMA and ICS therapy groups (85.3; p = 0.0305). CONCLUSIONS: Significant cost differences driven mainly by pharmaceuticals were observed among LABA or LAMA, LABA and LAMA and LABA, LAMA and ICS therapies. A COPD‐related cost offset was observed from single bronchodilator to two bronchodilators. Addition of an ICS with two bronchodilators resulted in higher treatment costs without reduction in other COPD‐related costs compared with two bronchodilators.
 Comparative efficacy of umeclidinium/vilanterol, umeclidinium and salmeterol in symptomatic patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease free of inhaled corticosteroids: the EMAX trial;  Rationale: Long‐acting beta‐agonist bronchodilators (LABAs) and/or long‐acting muscarinic antagonists (LAMAs) are recommended as first‐line therapy in patients with symptomatic chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). LAMA/LABA combination therapy may improve symptoms compared with LAMA or LABA monotherapy; however, comparator trials have not excluded patients using inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) or stepping down from combination therapy. The Early MAXimization of bronchodilation for improving COPD stability (EMAX) trial compared all three bronchodilator classes: umeclidinium/vilanterol (UMEC/VI), UMEC and salmeterol (SAL) in symptomatic ICS‐free Global initiative for chronic Obstructive Lung Disease (GOLD) B patients with ≤1 moderate exacerbation in the past year and receiving ≤1 maintenance bronchodilator. Methods: This 24‐week, double‐blind, double‐dummy, parallel‐group study randomized patients 1:1:1 to UMEC/VI 62.5/25 mcg once‐daily, UMEC 62.5 mcg once‐daily or SAL 50 mcg twice‐daily. The primary endpoint was trough forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) at Week 24 comparing UMEC/VI versus UMEC. Secondary endpoints included inspiratory capacity (IC), forced vital capacity (FVC) and patientreported outcomes including the transition dyspnea index (TDI), Evaluating Respiratory Symptoms‐COPD (ERS), St George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ), COPD assessment test (CAT) score and Subject Global Rating of Change in COPD Severity (SGRSI). Use of rescue albuterol, risk of a first moderate/severe exacerbation and adverse events (AEs) were also captured. Pairwise statistical comparisons between UMEC/VI and both monotherapies focused on least squares (LS) mean change from baseline (CFB) improvement and the odds of achieving clinically‐relevant responses. Results: At baseline, the intent‐to‐treat population (N=2425 [UMEC/VI 812; UMEC 804; SAL 809]) had a mean post‐bronchodilator FEV1 predicted of 55%, 50% were current smokers and 16% had 1 moderate COPD exacerbation in the previous 12 months. UMEC/VI provided significantly greater improvements in trough FEV1 and all other spirometry measures at Week 24 than UMEC (P<0.001) and SAL (P<0.001) (Table). UMEC/VI also provided significant (P<0.05) improvements in 8/11 and 10/11 symptom severity and quality of life assessments compared with UMEC and SAL, respectively (Table). Patients receiving UMEC/VI had a significantly reduced risk of moderate/severe exacerbations compared with SAL (36% risk reduction, P<0.001), but not UMEC (19% risk reduction, P=0.114) (Table). The incidence of AEs was similar between treatments. Conclusion: Once‐daily UMEC/VI provides consistent improvements in lung function and symptoms in particular breathlessness, compared with either UMEC or SAL in ICS‐free low exacerbation risk symptomatic patients with COPD. These data support the early use of LAMA/LABA in symptomatic low exacerbation risk patients.
 Efficacy of CHF5993, a novel triple extrafine combination treatment in COPD patients at high risk of exacerbations: a sub group analysis of the TRINITY study;  Introduction: Free triple therapy combining an inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) with a long‐acting beta‐2 agonist (LABA) and a long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) is commonly used and recommended by international guidelines for the treatment of COPD. Such treatment currently involves the use of different inhalers with different designs and posologies. Combining the three active components in a single inhaler decreases the burden on the patient, improves adherence and might lead to better efficacy. Methods: TRINITY was a phase III, double‐blind, 52‐week study where 2691 severe/very severe COPD patients with a history of exacerbations were randomised to receive CHF5993 (fixed dose combination of the ICS beclometasone dipropionate, the LABA formoterol fumarate and the LAMA glycopyrronium bromide) or Tiotropium or a fixed dose combination of beclometasone dipropionate and formoterol fumarate (Foster®) + Tiotropium. The primary analysis (already published) demonstrated that CHF5993 was superior to Tiotropium in reducing moderate/severe exacerbations and comparable to the free combination of Foster® + Tiotropium. Here we report the analysis of the primary efficacy variable performed on the ITT population after stratifying by number of COPD exacerbations in the 12 months before screening (1: n = 2143 or > 1: n = 546). Results: Compared to Tiotropium, CHF5993 significantly reduced exacerbations in both subgroups of patients, with a more pronounced effect in patients with > 1 exacerbation in the previous year (adjusted rate ratio: 0.836 [95% CI: 0.707, 0.990], p = 0.038 and 0.724 [0.551, 0.951], p = 0.020, respectively) (Fig. 1a), thus confirming the results in the overall population. Interestingly, compared to the free combination, CHF5993 significantly reduced exacerbations in patients with > 1 exacerbation in the previous year (adjusted rate ratio: 0.713 [0.511, 0.995], p = 0.047) (Fig. 1b), whereas in the subgroup of patients with 1 exacerbation the two treatments had a comparable effect (adjusted rate ratio: 1.143). Conclusion: The results of this pre‐planned subgroup analysis showed that a novel extrafine triple FDC of BDP/FF/GB confers a superior clinical benefit compared to the free combination of Foster® + Tiotropium in a subgroup of COPD patients at higher risk for exacerbations.
 Efficacy of CHF5993, a novel triple extrafine combination treatment in COPD patients at high risk of exacerbations: a sub-group analysis of the trinity study;  Introduction: Free triple therapy combining an inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) with a long‐acting beta‐2 agonist (LABA) and a long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) is commonly used and recommended by international guidelines for the treatment of COPD. Such treatment currently involves the use of different inhalers with different designs and posologies. Combining the three active components in a single inhaler decreases the burden on the patient, improves adherence and might lead to better efficacy. Methods: TRINITY was a phase III, double‐blind, 52‐week study where 2691 severe/very severe COPD patients with a history of exacerbations were randomised to receive CHF5993 (fixed dose combination of the ICS beclometasone dipropionate, the LABA formoterol fumarate and the LAMA glycopyrronium bromide) or Tiotropium or a fixed dose combination of beclometasone dipropionate and formoterol fumarate (Foster®) + Tiotropium. The primary analysis (already published) demonstrated that CHF5993 was superior to Tiotropium in reducing moderate/severe exacerbations and comparable to the free combination of Foster® + Tiotropium. Here we report the analysis of the primary efficacy variable performed on the ITT population after stratifying by number of COPD exacerbations in the 12 months before screening (1: n=2143 or >1: n=546). Results: Compared to Tiotropium, CHF5993 significantly reduced exacerbations in both subgroups of patients, with a more pronounced effect in patients with >1 exacerbation in the previous year (adjusted rate ratio: 0.836 [95% CI: 0.707, 0.990], p=0.038 and 0.724 [0.551, 0.951], p=0.020, respectively) (Fig. 1a), thus confirming the results in the overall population. Interestingly, compared to the free combination, CHF5993 significantly reduced exacerbations in patients with >1 exacerbation in the previous year (adjusted rate ratio: 0.713 [0.511, 0.995], p=0.047) (Fig. 1b), whereas in the subgroup of patients with 1 exacerbation the two treatments had a comparable effect (adjusted rate ratio: 1.143). Conclusion: The results of this pre‐planned subgroup analysis showed that a novel extrafine triple FDC of BDP/FF/GB confers a superior clinical benefit compared to the free combination of Foster® + Tiotropium in a subgroup of COPD patients at higher risk for exacerbations.
 Improvements in lung function with umeclidinium/vilanterol versus fluticasone propionate/salmeterol in patients with moderate-to-severe COPD and infrequent exacerbations;  BACKGROUND: Umeclidinium (UMEC; long‐acting muscarinic antagonist [LAMA])/vilanterol (VI; long‐acting beta2‐agonist [LABA]) and fluticasone propionate/salmeterol (FP/SAL) (inhaled corticosteroid/LABA) are approved maintenance therapies for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Two studies compared efficacy and safety of UMEC/VI with FP/SAL in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD with no exacerbations in the previous year. METHODS: In these 12‐week, multicenter, double‐blind, parallel‐group, double‐dummy trials, randomized (1:1) patients received once‐daily UMEC/VI 62.5/25 mcg or twice‐daily FP/SAL 250/50 mcg (DB2114930 n = 353 and 353; DB2114951 n = 349 and 348, respectively; intent‐to‐treat). Endpoints included 0‐24 h weighted mean (wm) forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1) (Day 84; primary), trough FEV1 (Day 85; secondary), other lung function endpoints, dyspnea, quality of life (QoL) and safety. RESULTS: UMEC/VI demonstrated statistically significant, clinically meaningful improvements in lung function measures versus FP/SAL. For 0‐24 h wmFEV1 (Day 84), improvements with UMEC/VI versus FP/SAL were 74 mL (95% confidence interval [CI]: 38‐110; DB2114930) and 101 mL (63‐139; DB2114951) (both p < 0.001). Trough FEV1 improvements were 82 mL (45‐119) and 98 mL (59‐137) (both p < 0.001) for UMEC/VI versus FP/SAL, respectively. Both treatments demonstrated similar, clinically meaningful improvements from baseline in dyspnea (Transition Dyspnea Index focal score >1 unit) and QoL (St George's Respiratory Questionnaire Total score >4‐unit decrease) in both studies with no statistical differences between treatments. Adverse event rates were similar: 26 and 30% UMEC/VI; 27 and 31% FP/SAL. CONCLUSIONS: Once‐daily UMEC/VI 62.5/25 mcg over 12 weeks resulted in statistically significant, clinically meaningful improvements in lung function versus twice‐daily FP/SAL 250/50 mcg in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD with infrequent exacerbations. Both treatments improved dyspnea and QoL. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: DB2114930/NCT01817764; DB2114951/NCT01879410.
 Study of the month : FLAME study in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  The place of combinations of bronchodilators (longacting beta‐agonist / muscarinic agonist or LABA / LAMA) in the prevention of the exacerbations of the chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is not still clearly established, and need a comparison with combination of LABA/ inhaled steroids. FLAME was a randomized non‐inferiority phase 3 study comparing indacaterol/glycopyrronium 110/50 μg (IND/GLY) once daily with salmeterol/proprionate of fluticasone 50/500 μg (SAL/FC) twice daily. The primary objective of the study was to demonstrate that IND/GLY was non‐inferior to SAL/FC in terms of reduction of all COPD exacerbations (mild/moderate/severe) during 52 weeks of treatment in patients having had at least 1 exacerbation in previous 12 months. The combination IND/GLY showed not only non inferiority, but also superiority, to SAL/FC in reducing the annual rate of all COPD exacerbations (mild, moderate, or severe) by 11 % by comparison with SAL/FC (p = 0.003), and by 17 % for the annual rate of moderate or severe exacerbations (p inferior to 0.001). IND/GLY prolonged the time to the first COPD exacerbation by 16 % for mild, 22 % for moderate and 19 % for severe by comparison with SAL/FC (all with p inferior to 0.05). FLAME study showed that IND/GLY, a steroid‐free option, is more effective than SAL/FC in preventing COPD exacerbations in patients with one or more exacerbations in the past year.
 Study of the month : FLAME study in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  The place of combinations of bronchodilators (longacting beta‐agonist / muscarinic agonist or LABA / LAMA) in the prevention of the exacerbations of the chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is not still clearly established, and need a comparison with combination of LABA/ inhaled steroids. FLAME was a randomized non‐inferiority phase 3 study comparing indacaterol/glycopyrronium 110/50 μg (IND/GLY) once daily with salmeterol/proprionate of fluticasone 50/500 μg (SAL/FC) twice daily. The primary objective of the study was to demonstrate that IND/GLY was non‐inferior to SAL/FC in terms of reduction of all COPD exacerbations (mild/moderate/severe) during 52 weeks of treatment in patients having had at least 1 exacerbation in previous 12 months. The combination IND/GLY showed not only non inferiority, but also superiority, to SAL/FC in reducing the annual rate of all COPD exacerbations (mild, moderate, or severe) by 11 % by comparison with SAL/FC (p = 0.003), and by 17 % for the annual rate of moderate or severe exacerbations (p inferior to 0.001). IND/GLY prolonged the time to the first COPD exacerbation by 16 % for mild, 22 % for moderate and 19 % for severe by comparison with SAL/FC (all with p inferior to 0.05). FLAME study showed that IND/GLY, a steroid‐free option, is more effective than SAL/FC in preventing COPD exacerbations in patients with one or more exacerbations in the past year.
 Preventing clinically important deterioration with umeclidinium/vilanterol versus bronchodilator monotherapy in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease free of inhaled corticosteroids: a prospective analysis of the EMAX trial;  Rationale: Monitoring disease stability and potential for disease progression is essential for evaluating the therapeutic effectiveness of maintenance treatment in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). In retrospective analyses, maximizing lung function with long‐acting muscarinic antagonist/long‐acting beta‐agonist (LAMA/LABA) therapy has been shown to increase short‐term disease stability compared with monotherapy, as assessed with the composite endpoint of clinically important deterioration (CID). The Early MAXimization of bronchodilation for improving COPD stability (EMAX) trial provided the first prospective assessment of the risk of a first CID in a study that compared the LAMA/LABA combination umeclidinium/vilanterol (UMEC/VI) versus UMEC and the LABA salmeterol (SAL) in symptomatic, inhaled corticosteroid‐free patients at low risk of exacerbations. Methods: This 24‐week, parallel‐group trial randomized maintenance‐naïve patients or patients using LAMA or LABA monotherapy, ≥40 years of age with postsalbutamol forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) 30%‐80% predicted, a COPD Assessment Test (CAT) score ≥10, and ≤1 moderate exacerbation in the past year, 1:1:1 to UMEC/VI 62.5/25 mcg once‐daily, UMEC 62.5 mcg once‐daily or SAL 50 mcg twice‐daily. Time to first CID was assessed as a secondary endpoint according to three definitions: a) a first exacerbation and/or, trough FEV1 decline from baseline of ≥100 mL, and/or deterioration in health status using St George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ; ≥4 units from baseline), b) as above with CAT deterioration (≥2 units from baseline) replacing SGRQ deterioration, or c) a FEV1‐free CID definition including a first exacerbation, and/or SGRQ deterioration, and/or CAT deterioration and/or a transition dyspnea index (TDI) deterioration (≥1 unit decrease from baseline). Pairwise comparisons of the risk of composite CIDs were assessed using Cox proportional hazards model to compare UMEC/VI with UMEC and SAL. Results: The study comprised 2425 patients (UMEC/VI: N=812, UMEC: N=804, SAL: N=809). For all CID definitions, UMEC/VI significantly reduced the risk of a first CID compared with UMEC (17%‐25%; p≤0.007) and SAL (26%‐41%; p≤0.001). Conclusion: This first prospective CID analysis of LAMA/LABA therapy confirmed that UMEC/VI provides greater protection from disease worsening versus both UMEC or SAL in symptomatic patients at low exacerbation risk. These findings were consistent for all CID definitions, including the definition excluding decline in FEV1, indicating that CIDs in symptomatic COPD are not driven by trough FEV1 decline alone.
 Reducing the frequency and severity of exacerbations of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  Exacerbations contribute significantly to impaired health status in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), but current therapy can prevent these episodes. Immunization against, for example, influenza offers specific prophylaxis for a minority of episodes. Pulmonary rehabilitation reduces hospital attendance, but its effect wanes. Inhaled bronchodilators such as tiotropium produce similar reductions in exacerbation frequency. Database studies show an association between prescription of inhaled corticosteroids and reduced hospitalization in the older population, a finding confirmed by randomized trials in patients with an FEV(1) of less than 50% predicted. Three 1‐year randomized clinical trials studied the effect of combining a long‐acting beta‐agonist with an inhaled corticosteroids. In these studies, exacerbation frequency was lower with therapy than placebo. Combination therapy had a similar effect to its monocomponents in the trial of inhaled steroids and long‐acting beta agonists study using salmeterol and fluticasone. However, when patients with more severe COPD (an FEV(1) of less than 36% predicted) were studied using a combination of budesonide and formoterol, a clear improvement was seen in the overall exacerbation rate compared with the beta‐agonist alone. In addition, the time to first exacerbation was increased compared with either drug alone. Health status changes mirrored these effects. In summary, combination therapy can effectively prevent exacerbations in patients with more advanced COPD.
 Microbiome Use to Stratify Use of Inhaled Corticosteroids: MUSIC Trial;  A randomised controlled trial to test the hypothesis that inhaled therapies for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) have differential effects on the upper airway microbiome. COPD is the third leading cause of death worldwide. Exacerbations drive disease progression and worsening quality of life and therefore prevention of exacerbations has been a major goal of treatment. Patients with COPD are frequently prescribed inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) which have been shown to reduce exacerbations in combination with long acting beta2‐adrenoceptor agonists (LABA). In recent years, all ICS preparations have been associated with a significant increased risk of pneumonia in either randomised trials or observational studies leading to warnings from national regulatory authorities and leading experts. This has led to a re‐evaluation of the role of ICS in COPD treatments. It is likely that the risk of pneumonia is not equal across all ICS doses and molecules. There is a compelling rationale for ICS having a strong effect on the upper airway microbiome, and that this may be one mechanism of increased pneumonia risk with these drugs. The existing literature regarding ICS and pneumonia risk are lacking; 1) there are no head to head trials comparing different ICS preparations and 2) the comparator in these studies to date have been long acting beta2‐adrenoceptor agonists alone, whereas the most appropriate comparator in current management would be combined LABA and long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA). The MUSIC TRIAL is a multi‐centre randomised open label controlled parallel group study with four treatment arms and a total of 120 participants. Severe COPD patients currently treated with inhaled corticosteroid therapy will be randomised to treatment with one of three preparations of ICS in combination with LABA or the control arm of dual bronchodilator therapy following a four week washout period. Participants will return monthly to determine if there are changes in the microbiome in their upper airway. This study will establish one potential mechanism for the increased susceptibility to pneumonia in ICS users and assess intraclass differences in ICS molecules and the effect of ICS dose on the microbiome. Demonstrating that different COPD treatments can have different effects on the lung microbiome is an important step in understanding clinical differences in the safety and effectiveness of different treatments for severe COPD.
 Cardiopulmonary interactions with beta-blockers and inhaled therapy in COPD;  Background: Beta‐blockers remain underused in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and cardiovascular disease. Aim: We compared how different inhaled therapies affect tolerability of bisoprolol and carvedilol in moderate to severe COPD. Design: A randomized, open label, cross‐over study. Methods: We compared the cardiopulmonary interactions of bisoprolol 5mg qd or carvedilol 12.5mg bid for 6 weeks in conjunction with: (i) triple: inhaled corticosteroid/long acting beta‐agonist/long acting muscarinic antagonist (ICS + LABA + LAMA), (ii) dual: ICS + LABA and (iii) ICS alone. Results: Eighteen patients completed, all ex‐smokers, mean age 65 years, forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1) 52% predicted. Bisoprolol and carvedilol produced comparable significant reduction in resting and exercise heart rate. FEV1, forced vital capacity and lung compliance (AX) were significantly lower with carvedilol vs. bisoprolol while taking concomitant ICS/LABA (P < 0.05) but not ICS/LABA/LAMA. Conclusions: In summary, bisoprolol was better tolerated than carvedilol on pulmonary function at doses which produced equivalent cardiac beta‐1 blockade. Worsening of pulmonary function with carvedilol was mitigated by concomitant inhaled LAMA (tiotropium) with LABA (formoterol), but not LABA alone. Registered at clinicaltrials.gov: NCT01656005.
 Can inhaled fluticasone alone or in combination with salmeterol reduce systemic inflammation in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease? Study protocol for a randomized controlled trial;  BACKGROUND: Systemic inflammation is associated with various complications in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease including weight loss, cachexia, osteoporosis, cancer and cardiovascular diseases. Inhaled corticosteroids attenuate airway inflammation, reduce exacerbations, and improve mortality in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Whether inhaled corticosteroids by themselves or in combination with a long‐acting beta2‐adrenoceptor agonist repress systemic inflammation in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease is unknown. The Advair Biomarkers in COPD (ABC) study will determine whether the effects of inhaled corticosteroids alone or in combination with a long‐acting beta2‐adrenoceptor agonist reduce systemic inflammation and improve health status in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. METHODS/DESIGN: After a 4‐week run‐in phase during which patients with stable chronic obstructive pulmonary disease will receive inhaled fluticasone (500 micrograms twice daily), followed by a 4‐week withdrawal phase during which all inhaled corticosteroids and long acting beta2‐adrenoceptor agonists will be discontinued, patients will be randomized to receive fluticasone (500 micrograms twice daily), fluticasone/salmeterol combination (500/50 micrograms twice daily), or placebo for four weeks. The study will recruit 250 patients across 11 centers in western Canada. Patients must be 40 years of age or older with at least 10 pack‐year smoking history and have chronic obstructive pulmonary disease defined as forced expiratory volume in one second to vital capacity ratio of 0.70 or less and forced expiratory volume in one second that is 80% of predicted or less. Patients will be excluded if they have any known chronic systemic infections, inflammatory conditions, history of previous solid organ transplantation, myocardial infarction, or cerebrovascular accident within the past 3 months prior to study enrollment. The primary end‐point is serum C‐reactive protein level. Secondary end‐points include circulating inflammatory cytokines such as interleukin‐6 and interleukin‐8 as well as health‐related quality of life and lung function. DISCUSSION: If inhaled corticosteroids by themselves or in combination with a long‐acting beta2‐adrenoceptor agonist could repress systemic inflammation, they might greatly improve clinical prognosis by reducing various complications in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
 A Comparison Study Between the Fixed Dose Triple Combination of Fluticasone Furoate/ Umeclidinium/ Vilanterol Trifenatate (FF/UMEC/VI) With Budesonide/Formoterol in Subjects With Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD);  This is a phase IIIa, randomised, double‐blind, double‐dummy, parallel group multicenter study evaluating once daily FF/UMEC/VI (100 microgram [mcg]/62.5 mcg/25 mcg) inhalation powder versus twice daily budesonide/formoterol (400 mcg/12 mcg). The primary purpose of this study is to demonstrate improvements in lung function and health status for subjects treated with FF/UMEC/VI compared with budesonide/formoterol for 24 weeks. Once‐daily 'closed' triple therapy of a Inhaled Corticosteroid/ Long‐acting Muscarinic Receptor Antagonists/ Long Acting Beta‐Agonist (ICS/LAMA/LABA) combination FF/UMEC/VI (100 mcg/62.5 mcg/25 mcg) in a single device is being developed with the aim of providing a new treatment option for the management of advanced (GOLD Group D) COPD which will reduce the exacerbation frequency, allow for a reduced burden of polypharmacy, convenience, and increase the potential for improvement in lung function, Health Related Quality of Life (HRQoL) and symptom control over established dual/monotherapies. Subjects meeting all inclusion/exclusion criteria and who have successfully completed all protocol procedures at the Screening Visit will enter the two‐week run‐in period. Following the run‐in period, eligible subjects will be randomised (1:1) to one of the following double‐blind treatment groups: FF/UMEC/VI 100 mcg/62.5 mcg/25 mcg via the ELLIPTA™ dry powder inhaler (DPI) once daily in the morning and placebo via reservoir inhaler twice daily OR Budesonide/formoterol 400 mcg/12 mcg via reservoir inhaler twice daily and placebo via the ELLIPTA DPI once daily in the morning. The target enrollment is 1800 randomised subjects at approximately 200 study centers globally. The total duration of subject participation will be approximately 27 weeks, consisting of a 2‐week run‐in period, 24‐week treatment period and a 1‐week follow‐up period. Subjects will run‐in on their existing COPD medications for 2 weeks and in addition will be provided with short acting albuterol/salbutamol to be used on an as‐needed basis (rescue medication) throughout the study. Subjects will discontinue all existing COPD medications during the randomised treatment period but may continue their study supplied rescue albuterol/salbutamol. A sub‐set of approximately 400 subjects will remain on blinded study treatment for up to a total of 52 weeks to provide additional long term safety data. ELLIPTA and NUBULES are a trade marks of the GlaxoSmithKline Group of Companies. Other company or product names mentioned herein may be the property of their respective owners
 Long-acting bronchodilators and arterial stiffness in patients with COPD;  Rationale: Increased arterial stiffness as measured by aortic pulse wave velocity (aPWV) independently predicts cardiovascular (CV) events and mortality and is elevated in some COPD patients. A post‐hoc analysis of a clinical trial with Advair/Seretide (250/50mcg) (Resp. Med. 105:1322,2011) suggested that a long‐acting beta agonist/inhaled corticosteroid (LABA/ICS) lowers aPWV in patients with baseline aPWV values >11 meters per second (m/s). As LABA/ICS and tiotropium (TIO) may have a different impact on CV events, the purpose of this study was to compare the effect of fluticasone furoate/vilanterol (FF/VI) with TIO on aPWV. Methods: This multicenter, randomized, double‐blind, double‐dummy, parallel group study compared FF/VI 100/25mcg and TIO 18mcg both once daily over 12 weeks. aPWV was measured by sequentially recording ECG‐gated carotid and femoral artery waveforms. The primary endpoint was aPWV change from baseline at 12 weeks. Other endpoints included trough FEV1 and St. George Respiratory Questionnaire for COPD (SGRQ‐C). Primary analysis was intent to treat (ITT). Results: 260 COPD patients with aPWV >11m/s were randomized. Key demographics for the study population included: mean age 67.3y, 14% female, 100% Caucasian, 46% current smokers, 87% with prior CV events and/or risk, post‐bronchodilator FEV1 46% predicted, FEV1 /FVC of 0.51, and aPWV of 12.9m/s. At endpoint, the least squares (LS) mean difference in aPWV between FF/VI and TIO was 0.259m/s (p=0.484) (Fig. 1). However, both classes of bronchodilators lowered aPWV compared with baseline to a level approximating a meaningful clinical difference of 1m/s (FF/VI ‐0.9m/s; TIO ‐1.1m/s (Fig. 2); although the study was not designed to make this comparison, the p‐values were 0.0024 and 0.0006, respectively). There were no significant differences between the two treatment arms for trough FEV1 (p=0.232) (LS mean change from baseline: FF/VI 117mL; TIO 80mL). LS mean change from baseline for SGRQ‐C Total score was numerically greater for FF/VI but not statistically significantly different (FF/VI ‐6.39; TIO ‐5.83 [p=0.756]). Raw mean change from baseline for SGRQ‐C Symptoms domain: FF/VI ‐8.65, TIO ‐5.41. The most frequently reported adverse events in the FF/VI and TIO groups reported by 33% of patients in either group were COPD worsening/exacerbation (4% and 5%), nasopharyngitis (4% and 3%), and headache (2% and 4%). Conclusion: No statistically significant differences in aPWV were observed between FF/VI and TIO. However, these results suggest that long‐acting bronchodilators may lower aPWV in COPD patients with baseline elevated values. (Figure presented).
 Indacaterol-Glycopyrronium versus Salmeterol-Fluticasone for COPD;  BACKGROUND: Most guidelines recommend either a long‐acting beta‐agonist (LABA) plus an inhaled glucocorticoid or a long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) as the first‐choice treatment for patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) who have a high risk of exacerbations. The role of treatment with a LABA‐LAMA regimen in these patients is unclear. METHODS: We conducted a 52‐week, randomized, double‐blind, double‐dummy, noninferiority trial. Patients who had COPD with a history of at least one exacerbation during the previous year were randomly assigned to receive, by inhalation, either the LABA indacaterol (110 μg) plus the LAMA glycopyrronium (50 μg) once daily or the LABA salmeterol (50 μg) plus the inhaled glucocorticoid fluticasone (500 μg) twice daily. The primary outcome was the annual rate of all COPD exacerbations. RESULTS: A total of 1680 patients were assigned to the indacaterol‐glycopyrronium group, and 1682 to the salmeterol‐fluticasone group. Indacaterol‐glycopyrronium showed not only noninferiority but also superiority to salmeterol‐fluticasone in reducing the annual rate of all COPD exacerbations; the rate was 11% lower in the indacaterol‐glycopyrronium group than in the salmeterol‐fluticasone group (3.59 vs. 4.03; rate ratio, 0.89; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.83 to 0.96; P=0.003). The indacaterol‐glycopyrronium group had a longer time to the first exacerbation than did the salmeterol‐fluticasone group (71 days [95% CI, 60 to 82] vs. 51 days [95% CI, 46 to 57]; hazard ratio, 0.84 [95% CI, 0.78 to 0.91], representing a 16% lower risk; P<0.001). The annual rate of moderate or severe exacerbations was lower in the indacaterol‐glycopyrronium group than in the salmeterol‐fluticasone group (0.98 vs. 1.19; rate ratio, 0.83; 95% CI, 0.75 to 0.91; P<0.001), and the time to the first moderate or severe exacerbation was longer in the indacaterol‐glycopyrronium group than in the salmeterol‐fluticasone group (hazard ratio, 0.78; 95% CI, 0.70 to 0.86; P<0.001), as was the time to the first severe exacerbation (hazard ratio, 0.81; 95% CI, 0.66 to 1.00; P=0.046). The effect of indacaterol‐glycopyrronium versus salmeterol‐fluticasone on the rate of COPD exacerbations was independent of the baseline blood eosinophil count. The incidence of adverse events and deaths was similar in the two groups. The incidence of pneumonia was 3.2% in the indacaterol‐glycopyrronium group and 4.8% in the salmeterol‐fluticasone group (P=0.02). CONCLUSIONS: Indacaterol‐glycopyrronium was more effective than salmeterol‐fluticasone in preventing COPD exacerbations in patients with a history of exacerbation during the previous year. (Funded by Novartis; FLAME ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT01782326.).
 A Study to Evaluate the Effect of BGF MDI, BFF MDI and Placebo MDI on Exercise Parameters in Participants with COPD;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: SALBUTAMOL, Product Code:SUB10422MIG, Pharmaceutical Form: PRESSURISED INHALATION, SUSPENSION, Other descriptive name: Salbutamol , Strength: , Product Name: Trixeo Aerosphere 5 micrograms/7.2 micrograms/160 micrograms pressurised inhalation, suspension, Product Code:PRD8600525, Pharmaceutical Form: PRESSURISED INHALATION, SUSPENSION, Other descriptive name: Budesonide, Glycopyrronium Bromide, Formoterol Fumarate Dihydrate , Strength: , Product Name: , Product Code:PRD10224255, Pharmaceutical Form: PRESSURISED INHALATION, SUSPENSION, Other descriptive name: , Strength: , Product Name: Placebo pressurized inhalation suspension, Product Code:N/A, Pharmaceutical Form: N/A, Other descriptive name: N/A , Strength: , Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: N/A CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease ; MedDRA version: 21.1Level: PTClassification code: 10009033Term: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease Class: 100000004855 MedDRA version: 21.1Level: PTClassification code: 10009033Term: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease Class: 100000004855 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To assess the effect of Budesonide, Glycopyrronium, and Formoterol Fumarate (BGF) metered dose inhaler (MDI) relative to Placebo metered dose inhaler (MDI) and Budesonide and Formoterol Fumarate (BFF) metered dose inhaler (MDI) on dynamic hyperinflation in participants with Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Primary end point(s): Isotime Inspiratory Capacity (IC). Secondary Objective: To assess the effect of Budesonide, Glycopyrronium, and Formoterol Fumarate (BGF) metered dose inhaler (MDI) relative to Placebo metered dose inhaler (MDI) and Budesonide and Formoterol Fumarate (BFF) metered dose inhaler (MDI) on exercise endurance time in participants with Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)., To assess the effect of Budesonide, Glycopyrronium, and Formoterol Fumarate (BGF) metered dose inhaler (MDI) relative to Placebo metered dose inhaler (MDI) on isotime dyspnea in participants with Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)., To assess the effect of Budesonide, Glycopyrronium, and Formoterol Fumarate (BGF) metered dose inhaler (MDI) relative to Budesonide and Formoterol Fumarate (BFF) metered dose inhaler (MDI), in participants with Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), on the following: Isotime dyspnea; and Static lung volumes., To assess the effect of Budesonide and Formoterol Fumarate (BFF) metered dose inhaler (MDI) relative to Placebo, in participants with Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), on the following: Exercise endurance time; Isotime dyspnea and Static lung volumes., To assess the safety and tolerability of Budesonide, Glycopyrronium, and Formoterol Fumarate (BGF) metered dose inhaler (MDI) and Budesonide and Formoterol Fumarate (BFF) metered dose inhaler (MDI). SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s):‐ Adverse Events (Serious Adverse Events and Adverse Event Leading to Discontinuation of Study Intervention only) (AEs (SAEs and DAEs only)). ‐ Vital signs. Secondary end point(s):‐ Static lung volumes: Functional Residual Capacity (FRC), Total Lung Capacity (TLC), Residual Volume (RV), Residual Volume/ Total Lung Capacity (RV/TLC), specific airway conductance (sGaw), and Inspiratory Capacity (IC). Secondary end point(s):Constant work rate cycle ergometry endurance time. Secondary end point(s):Exercise endurance time: constant work rate cycle ergometry endurance time. Secondary end point(s):Isotime dyspnea: isotime dyspnea Numerical Rating Scale (NRS). INCLUSION CRITERIA: Male or female, 40 to 80 years of age inclusive, at the time of signing the informed consent., Participant must have: (a) A diagnosis of Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) confirmed by a post‐bronchodilator Forced Expiratory Volume in 1 second/Forced Vital Capacity (FEV1/FVC) < 0.7 at Visit 1. (b) A post‐bronchodilator Forced Expiratory Volume in 1 second (FEV1) = 30% and < 80% predicted normal (moderate to severe Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)) at Visit 1. (c) A score of = 2 on the modified Medical Research Council (mMRC) at Visit 1. (d) Pre‐bronchodilator Functional Residual Capacity (FRC) of > 120% of predicted normal FRC values at Visit 1., Participant must be on mono‐ or dual inhaled maintenance Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) treatment at a stable dose for 6 weeks (Long‐Acting Muscarinic Antagonist (LAMA), Long‐Acting Beta2‐Agonist (LABA), Long‐Acting Muscarinic Antagonist/ Long‐Acting Beta2‐ Agonist (LAMA/LABA), or Inhaled
 Effect of Symbicort® on GR in sputum in COPD;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Oxis® Turbohaler® 12, inhalation powder. Product Name: Oxis® Turbohaler® 12 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder Trade Name: Symbicort® Turbohaler® 400 micrograms/12 micrograms, inhalation powder. Product Name: Symbicort® Turbohaler® 400 micrograms/12 micrograms Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder Trade Name: Symbicort® Turbohaler® 200 micrograms/6 micrograms/inhalation, inhalation powder. Product Name: Symbicort® Turbohaler® 200 micrograms/6 micrograms Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder Trade Name: Pulmicort Turbohaler 400 Product Name: Pulmicort® Turbohaler® 400 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) ; MedDRA version: 14.0 Level: LLT Classification code 10010952 Term: COPD System Organ Class: 10038738 ‐ Respiratory, thoracic and mediastinal disorders Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: The research question is whether inhaled drug treatments in combination (long‐acting beta‐2‐agonists (LABA) together with inhaled corticosteroid (ICS)), that are routinely used for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) patients can improve inflammation in the cells of the sputum/mucus from these patients compared to either drug component alone. Primary end point(s): The primary outcome measure is to investigate whether treatment with a single inhaled dose of Symbicort ®‐800 or Symbicort ®‐400 (a combination of a LABA ‐ formoterol and an ICS – budesonide) will be reflected by changes in GR activation in sputum (on GR‐GRE binding in sputum macrophages) that will be equal or superior to a single inhaled clinical dose of ICS alone (at double dose; that is, Pulmicort ®‐800 = budesonide). Secondary Objective: Not applicable SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): The secondary outcome measures are: The secondary outcome measures are: (i) To investigate whether there are changes in GR activation in sputum (on GR‐GRE binding in sputum macrophages) between; ‐Symbicort‐800 ® (a combination of a LABA ‐ formoterol and an ICS ‐ budesonide) and baseline pre‐treatment screening levels ‐Symbicort‐800 ® (a combination of a LABA ‐ formoterol and an ICS ‐ budesonide) and LABA alone (formoterol, FORM) ‐Symbicort‐400 ® (a combination of a LABA ‐ formoterol and an ICS ‐ budesonide) and baseline pre‐treatment screening levels ‐Symbicort‐400 ® (a combination of a LABA ‐ formoterol and an ICS ‐ budesonide) and LABA alone (formoterol, FORM) ‐Symbicort‐800 ® (a combination of a LABA ‐ formoterol and an ICS ‐ budesonide) and lower dose Symbicort‐400 ® (a combination of a LABA ‐ formoterol and an ICS ‐ budesonide) (ii) To investigate all treatment comparison effects (see primary and secondary (i) objectives above) on; ‐differential cell counts obtained from induced sputum ‐and relate changes in GR activation in induced sputum (on GR‐GRE binding in sputum macrophages) and selected inflammatory biomarkers in sputum to other clinical (lung function) parameters INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Patients (n=35) with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) with mild‐to‐moderate disease severity (GOLD 1 and 2 guidelines). The post‐bronchodilator FEV1 will be used in the criteria to define GOLD severity. 2. Aged 38‐80 years inclusive 3. FEV1 <15% reversibility (not % predicted) and/or an increase of <200 ml after inhaled ß2‐agonists (400 µg salbutamol) 4. Patients will be allowed to use their current short‐acting ß2‐agonists (SABA) and long‐acting ß2‐agonists (LABA) and short‐acting muscarinic‐antagonist (SAMA) and long‐acting muscarinic‐antagonists (LAMA). However they should refrain from short‐acting ß2‐agonists (SABA) and short‐acting muscarinic‐antagonist (SAMA) for 6 hours before the study visit and for long‐acting ß2‐agonists (LABA) and long‐acting muscarinic‐antagonists (LAMA) at least 12 hours before the study visit, unless needed by the patient’s clinical condition. 5. Theophylline (an oral tablet bronchodilator) will be required to be sto
 To understand the efficacy of two different types of inhaler therapy , one a dual combination therapy and other a triple combination therapy;  INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Inhaled corticosteroid: Inhaled corticosteroid in addition to long acting beta receptor and long acting muscarinic antagonist Intervention2: Triple drug inhaler: ICS,LABA,LAMA Intervention3: Nil: Nil Intervention4: Triple drug inhaler therapy each puff contains Formoterol 6mcg with Budesonide 200mcg and Tiotropium 9mcg: Each puff contains Formoterol 6mcg with Budesonide 400mcg one puff twice daily with each puff of Tiotropium 9mcg two puffs once daily at bedtime for 1 year Control Intervention1: LABA LAMA ICS AND LABA LAMA (LABA ‐LONG ACTING BETA RECEPTOR AGONIST, LAMA‐LONG ACTIN MUSCARINIC ANTAGONIST , ICS ‐INHALED CORTICOSTEROIDS): TWO GROUPS OF COPD PATIENTS ARE TAKEN . ONE GROUP RECEIVING LABA LAMA ICS AND OTHER GROUP RECEIVING LABA LAMA WE SHALL COMPARE THE EFFICACY OF ICS IN REDUCING THE NUMBER OF EXACERBATIONS AND SYMPTOMATIC RELIEF . Control Intervention2: Nil: Nil Control Intervention3: Long acting beta receptor agonist and Long acting Muscarinic antagonist: No inhaled corticosteroid given in this arm Control Intervention4: Dual Drug Therapy: LABA,LAMA Control Intervention5: Nil: Nil Control Intervention6: Dual inhaler Therapy Formoterol 6 mcg and Tiotropium 9mcg: Each puff contains Formoterol 6mcg and Tiotropium 9mcg 2 puffs twice daily for 1 year CONDITION: Health Condition 1: J449‐ Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, unspecified PRIMARY OUTCOME: Number of exacerbations in the given time frame ; Improvement in FEV1 & FEF25% ‐75% & 6 minute walk distance ; Number of patients who succumbed to primary disease if any in either groupsTimepoint: at base line , at 4 weeks , at 24 weeks and at end of one year or 52 weeks SECONDARY OUTCOME: Number of patients who had Pneumonia in either groups ; Any adverse effect of any drug ; Number of patients intolerant to Dual therapy who were shifted back to Triple therapyTimepoint: at 4 weeks , at 24 weeks , at 52 weeks INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients with equal to or more than one exacerbation needing hospital admission Patient giving consent for study
 Comparison of the Effectiveness of Long Acting Beta 2 Agonist and Long Acting Antimuscuranics with Long Acting Beta 2 Agonist/Long Acting Antimuscuranics Plus Inhaled Corticosteroids in preventing Exacerbations of patients with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease Targeted by Blood Eosinophils;  Objective: To compare the efficacy of long acting beta 2 agonist and long acting antimuscuranics with long acting beta 2 agonist/long acting antimuscuranics plus inhaled corticosteroids in preventing exacerbations of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and its relationship with increased eosinophils level. Study Design: Randomized control trial Place and Duration Study: Department of Pulmonology, Fauji Foundation Hospital, Rawalpindi from 7th February 2018 to 6th August 2018. Methodology: Seventy patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease were enrolled. They were divided in two groups; Group A receiving LABA/LAMA combination and Group B receiving LABA/LAMA plus ICS combination. Both groups treatment efficacy was related with increased eosinophils count. Patients were regularly followed and number of exacerbations in the first three months was noted. At the completion of the study, the rate of exacerbations among the 2 groups was compared. Results: The rate of efficacy in LABA/LAMA and LABA/LAMA plus ICS group was 62.9% and 85.7% respectively. Efficacy was more achieved in LABA/LAMA plus ICS group in patients whose eosinophil count was ≥ 2% up to 90.5% and was 78.6% whose eosinophil count was ≤ 2%. Conclusion: Treatment with long acting beta 2 agonist/long acting antimuscuranic plus inhaled corticosteroids is more effective in preventing exacerbations of patients with advanced COPD than with long acting beta 2 agonist and long acting antimuscuranic.
 Inhaled Corticosteroids (ICS) on Pulmonary Endothelial Function in COPD;  The study objective is to determine whether an ICS added for 4 weeks to a baseline treatment with a Long‐Acting Beta‐adrenergic Agonist (LABA) and Long‐Acting Muscarinic Antagonist (LAMA) combination improves pulmonary vascular endothelial function as assessed by the vasodilator response to inhaled albuterol (endothelium‐dependent vasodilation) in stable COPD patients treated with a LABA/LAMA without an ICS for at least one month.
 The efficacy and safety of long-acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) and long-acting beta2-agonist (LABA) in COPD patients with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH);  INTERVENTION: long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) long‐acting beta2‐agonist (LABA) CONDITION: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) PRIMARY OUTCOME: Changes of lower urinary tract functions (IPSS, QOL index, maximum flow rate (Q‐max) and average flow rate (Q‐ave) in uroflowmetry, postvoid residual urine volume (PVR), bladder voiding efficiency (BVE)) SECONDARY OUTCOME: Changes of pulmonary functions (FEV1, FVC, inspiratory capacity (IC)) INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) Patients with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) Patients can use the inhaled therapy Patients gave written informed consent
 Effect of Aclidinium/Formoterol on Nighttime Lung Function and Morning Symptoms in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease;  STUDY DESIGN: This will be a randomized, placebo‐controlled crossover study where patients will receive an evening dose of either aclidinium/formoterol (ACL/FOR) or placebo after steady‐state conditions on twice‐daily ACL/FOR have been established. Patients will continue to take the same dosage of inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) as they did prior to study entry. Subjects will complete 4 visits as part of the study, with a fifth follow‐up visit if required to ensure return to pre‐study health status. After an initial screening visit (Visit 1) to confirm eligibility and a 1‐week run‐in period on stable triple therapy [long‐acting beta2‐agonist/inhaled corticosteroid (LABA/ICS) + long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA)], subjects will complete baseline testing (Visit 2) which includes: full pulmonary function tests, sleep/symptom questionnaires, and polysomnography which will include periodic measurements of overnight spirometry (sitting and supine). Subjects will then receive 2‐week treatment with twice‐daily ACL/FOR and continue on the same ICS as during the baseline run‐in. Once stability on treatment with ACL/FOR and ICS is established, there will be two overnight treatment visits (Visits 3 and 4), conducted 3‐7 days apart to allow for return to normal sleep status between. For these visits, the evening dose of ACL/FOR versus placebo will be randomized to treatment order. Treatment visits will be similar to visit 2 but will include overnight measurements of respiratory mechanics (diaphragm electromyography and respiratory pressures). Short‐acting bronchodilators will be withheld for at least 8 hours prior to visits. SAMPLE SIZE: This is an exploratory physiological study with the primary outcome being an improvement in morning pre‐dose trough inspiratory capacity (IC) by 200 ml. A sample size of 20 will provide at least 80% to detect this treatment difference based on a standard deviation (SD) of approximately 0.2 L for a response difference in trough IC (vanNoord, 2006), a two‐tailed test and a p<0.05. The investigators anticipate that all patients will not consent to instrumentation; however, the investigators are hoping for n=12 with respiratory mechanical measurements. Due to the complexity of the study and its measurements, an interim analysis will be conducted after 10 subjects have been completed.
 Effect of Brovana and Tiotropium in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD);  Hypotheses to be tested: Brovana nebulized twice daily added to maintenance inhaled tiotropium therapy in stable COPD patients increases: 1. Forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) at peak dose effect (approximately 2 hours after AM dosing in the laboratory) 2. Resting and exercise hyperinflation at peak dose effect (inspiratory capacity (IC) at baseline and at iso‐time during exercise testing; these measurements will be approximately 2 ¼ hours after AM dosing of tiotropium plus test drug. 3. Exercise treadmill endurance time at peak dose effect (approximately 2 ¼ hours after AM dosing in the laboratory) Patients: Twenty patients will be studied Location: Section of Pulmonary and Critical Care, St. Francis Hospital & Medical Center, Hartford, CT Excluded drugs: 1. Anticholinergic bronchodilators other than once‐daily (AM) tiotropium at standard dose 2. Long acting beta agonist bronchodilators 3. Short acting beta agonist bronchodilators must be withheld within six hours of laboratory testing Allowed drugs: 1. Inhaled steroids 2. Oral steroids 10 mg/day or less, at stable dose for four weeks Removal of patients from study: 1. Withdrawal of consent 2. Documented oxygen desaturation < 85% or clinically significant problems (such as angina, significant electrocardiogram (ECG) changes, etc) during any exercise testing 3. A significant adverse event 4. Protocol violation including lack of adherence COPD exacerbations during study: If the patient experiences a COPD exacerbation during the study which requires a change in medication or an addition of medication (such as oral steroids or antibiotics) the study will be held until stability is reached. At that time, the study will resume, beginning with new, 1‐week treatment /testing corresponding to the study sequence when the exacerbation began. If the patient does not resume stability within four weeks or has a second exacerbation, the study will be terminated. Study design: This will be a double‐blind, crossover, single‐site study in COPD patients who are in stable condition. All patients in study randomized to test drug by Visit 2 will have been on steady‐state tiotropium therapy, off commercial long‐acting beta‐agonists (LABA), and using prn short‐acting beta‐agonists (SABA). Only acute (i.e., 1‐week) effects of Brovana will be studied. SABA will be withheld from midnight before testing on each day. Endurance tests (Visit 2, 4, 5) will be at 75% of the maximal rate determined from the initial test. For exercise capacity, duration in exercise time will be the primary outcome variable. IC will be measured at rest and at every minute during exercise. An ECG will be performed before each exercise test, and continuous pulse oximetry will be monitored. A physician will be in attendance at each test. Primary Efficacy Variables: 1. Change in FEV1 near peak effect ( 2 hours of AM laboratory dosing of tiotropium plus test drug): 1. The primary comparison will be Δ FEV1 (@ 2‐hours after Tiotropium + Brovana minus pre‐dose FEV1) versus Δ FEV1 (@2‐hours after Tiotropium + Placebo minus pre‐dose FEV1) 2. The analysis will be performed using a repeated‐measures design, PROC GLM Repeated, SAS: 2. Change in treadmill endurance time at Sample Size Estimation The van Noord sited earlier powered their study assuming a 140 mL standard deviation for paired differences in FEV1 (determined from earlier trials), a difference of Study Sequence Visit 1: 1. Informed consent obtained 2. Inclusion/exclusion criteria met 3. History and physical examination performed 4. Post‐bronchodilator spirometry for inclusion criteria Exercise testing and inspiratory capacity (IC) measurements Incremental and steady‐state endurance testing will be performed on a treadmill in the Section of Pulmonary and Critical Care Medicine. The incremental test (Visit 1) will be performed to a symptom‐limited maximum, with a goal to have the test duration over approximately 10 minutes. The protocol used for this will be from Porszasz et al using simultaneous increases in treadmill speed and incline, with settings based on estimated maximal workrate. Warm‐up will be 1 mph at 1% grade. This will be followed at 30‐second intervals by increases in speed and incline. Patients will have breath by breath measurements of expired air using our Sensormedics equipment, via a mouthpiece. IC measurements will also be measured at rest and at every minute into exercise. 75% of maximum (Δ endurance time) Brovana versus placebo: from baseline testing on tiotropium alone compared to testing on tiotropium + study drug. 1. The primary comparison will be Δ endurance time (@ 2 ¼ hours after Tiotropium + Brovana compared to tiotropium alone 2. The analysis will be performed using a repeated‐measures design, PROC GLM Repeated, SAS 3. Change in static (resting), iso‐time, and peak exercise IC measurements, which will be used as our estimates of hyperinflation; Brovana versus placebo: from baseline testing on tiotropium alone compared to testing on tiotropium + study drug. a. The primary co‐comparisons will be: i. Δ IC at rest (static hyperinflation) (@ 2 ¼ hours after Tiotropium + Brovana compared to tiotropium alone ii. Δ IC at iso‐time (static hyperinflation) (@ 2 ¼ hours after Tiotropium + Brovana compared to tiotropium alone. We are not sure what iso‐time we will use, but if all patients go six minutes into exercise, we will use the six minute mark. b. The analyses will be performed using a repeated‐measures design, PROC GLM Repeated, SAS 50 mL, and a power of 0.90. They achieved a 150 mL (0.150 L) difference in FEV1. For our study, using a difference of 150 mL, a standard deviation of 140 mL, and a power of 0.80, 16 patients would be sufficient. 150 mL ‐ a Δ not too dissimilar to the O'Donnell study Δ. To detect a 90 second difference in endurance time (1/2 way between 131 seconds and 49 seconds), and assuming a standard deviation (SD) of 35 seconds, our study would be amply powered. 5. Patient started on tiotropium, if necessary; tiotropium dispensed, if necessary 6. If necessary: long acting bronchodilators (LABA) discontinued, ipratropium discontinued 7. Levalbuterol MDI dispensed for prn use 8. Appointment given for Visit 1 Visit 2: 1 day (for patients already on tiotropium) to 1 week (those starting tiotropium) after Visit 1: 1. Brief history and limited physical 2. Spirometry on maintenance tiotropium, before AM dosing and after having SABA withheld for 6 hours 3. Incremental treadmill endurance test 4. Patient instructed to continue taking tiotropium once daily in the morning (qAM) and levalbuterol MDI prn 5. Appointment for 2‐week follow‐up Visit 3: 1 week after Visit 2, after maintenance tiotropium 1. Brief history and limited physical 2. Pre‐bronchodilator spirometry (on maintenance tiotropium, levalbuterol withheld) 3. Tiotropium given (open label) 4. Spirometry 2 hours after tiotropium dosing 5. ECG 2 ¼ hour after tiotropium dosing 6. Endurance treadmill endurance test (including IC measurements) 2 ¼ hour after open‐label tiotropium dosing 7. Nebulizer dispensed 8. Blinded Test drug # 1 dispensed (Brovana or placebo, 20 unit doses), instructions to take it via nebulizer bid, tiotropium continued qAM, levalbuterol MDI continued prn In a study by O'Donnell et al the combination of fluticasone 250 mcg / salmeterol 50 mcg was compared to salmeterol alone and placebo. Outcome variables included spirometry, lung volumes and exercise endurance time at 75% of maximal on a cycle ergometer. The average improvement (compared to placebo) in FEV1 at Day 1 (taken from graph) was about 200 mL with both the combination and salmeterol. The treatment‐difference improvement in exercise endurance time with the combination was 131 ± 31 seconds (p. < 0.004), representing a 22% improvement. For salmeterol alone it was 49 ± 37 seconds. Our study would use a treadmill rather than a cycle ergometer; this will probably lead to more dyspnea‐limitation than leg fatigue limitation. We predict the Δ FEV1 at two hours post dosing (compared to tiotropium alone) with Brovana + tiotropium in our study will 9. Appointment for 1 week follow‐up Visit 4: 1 weeks after Visit 3, after test drug # 1 1. Brief history and limited physical 2. Pre‐dosing spirometry (on maintenance tiotropium and Test Drug #1, levalbuterol withheld) 3. Tiotropium and Test Drug # 1 given 4. Spirometry 2 hours after above dosing 5. ECG 2 ¼ hour after above dosing 6. Endurance treadmill endurance test 2 ¼ hour after above dosing 7. Begin wash‐out period: Tiotropium open‐label plus prn levalbuterol continued; placebo given via nebulizer, to be taken bid (this part is single‐blinded) 8. Appointment for 1 week follow‐up Visit 5: 1 week after Visit 4, after washout 1. Brief history and limited physical 2. Spirometry in AM 3. Blinded Test drug # 2 dispensed (Brovana or placebo, 20 unit doses), instructions to take it via nebulizer bid, tiotropium continued qAM, levalbuterol MDI continued prn 4. Appointment for 1 week follow‐up Visit 6: 1 week after Visit 5, after test drug # 2 1. Brief history and limited physical 2. Pre‐dosing spirometry (on maintenance tiotropium and Test Drug #2, levalbuterol withheld) 3. Tiotropium and Test Drug #2 given 4. Spirometry 2 hours after above dosing 5. ECG 2 ¼ hour after above dosing 6. Endurance treadmill endurance test and IC measurements 2 ¼ hour after above dosing 7. Study terminated
 A Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Astegolimab in Patients With Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD);  INTERVENTION: Product Name: Placebo Astegolimab, Product Code:N/A, Pharmaceutical Form: N/A, Other descriptive name: N/A , Strength: , Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: N/A , Product Name: UMECLIDINIUM, Product Code:SUB119777, Pharmaceutical Form: INHALATION POWDER, Other descriptive name: , Strength: , Product Name: FLUTICASONE PROPIONATE, Product Code:SUB02241MIG, Pharmaceutical Form: INHALATION POWDER, Other descriptive name: , Strength: , Product Name: SALMETEROL, Product Code:SUB10430MIG, Pharmaceutical Form: INHALATION POWDER, Other descriptive name: , Strength: , Product Name: ASTEGOLIMAB, Product Code:PRD10151603, Pharmaceutical Form: SOLUTION FOR INJECTION, Other descriptive name: , Strength: CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) ; MedDRA version: 21.1Level: LLTClassification code: 10077773Term: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease exacerbation Class: 10038738 MedDRA version: 21.1Level: LLTClassification code: 10077773Term: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease exacerbation Class: 10038738 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] Therapeutic area: Phenomena and Processes [G] ‐ Immune System Phenomena [G13] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To evaluate the effect of astegolimab compared with placebo, on annualized rate of moderate and severe acute exacerbations of COPD over 52 weeks of treatment Primary end point(s): 1. Annualized rate of moderate and severe COPD exacerbations over the 52‐week treatment period Secondary Objective: To evaluate the effect of astegolimab compared with placebo on time to first moderate or severe COPD exacerbation, To evaluate the effect of astegolimab compared with placebo on St George’s Respiratory Questionnaire, To evaluate the effect of astegolimab compared with placebo on post‐bronchodilator forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1), To evaluate the effect of astegolimab compared with placebo on Evaluating Respiratory Symptoms in COPD (E‐RS:COPD), To evaluate the effect of astegolimab compared with placebo on annualized rate of severe COPD exacerbations, To evaluate the effects of astegolimab compared with placebo on safety SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s):1.Time to first moderate or severe COPD exacerbation during the 52‐week treatment period Secondary end point(s):2. Absolute change from baseline in HRQoL at Week 52, as assessed through the St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire‐COPD (SGRQ‐C) total score Secondary end point(s):3. Proportion of patients with improvement in HRQoL, defined as a decrease from baseline of >/=4 points in SGRQ‐C total score, at Week 52 Secondary end point(s):4. Absolute change from baseline in post‐bronchodilator FEV1 (liters) at Week 52 Secondary end point(s):5. Absolute change from baseline in E‐RS:COPD total score at Week 52 Secondary end point(s):6. Annualized rate of severe COPD exacerbations over the 52‐week treatment period Secondary end point(s):7. Absolute change from baseline in five‐repetition sit‐to‐stand test (5STS) time (seconds) at Week 52 Secondary end point(s):8. Incidence and severity of adverse events INCLUSION CRITERIA: Age 40‐90 years, Documented physician diagnosis of COPD for at least 12 months, History of frequent exacerbations, defined as having had two or more moderate or severe exacerbations occurring within a 12‐month period in the 24 months prior to screening, Post‐bronchodilator FEV1 >=20 and <80% of predicted normal value at screening, Current or former smoker with a minimum of 10 pack‐year history, History of one of the following combinations of optimized, stable, standard‐of‐care COPD maintenance therapy for at least 4 weeks prior to screening, with no anticipated changes in therapy prior to initiation of study drug and throughout the study: ?Inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) plus long‐acting beta‐agonist (LABA) ?Long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) plus LABA ?ICS plus LAMA plus LABA
 Tiotropium and salmeterol/fluticasone combination do not cause oxygen desaturation in COPD;  It has been documented that tiotropium is less likely to induce oxygen desaturation in stable COPD patients compared to long‐acting beta2‐agonists (LABAs) and combined administration of a LABA and an inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) reduces the potential for acute effects of LABA on blood‐gas tensions. In this study, we have compared the acute effects of tiotropium 18 microg and salmeterol/fluticasone combination (SFC) 50/250 microg on arterial blood gases in 20 patients with stable COPD. Each subject was studied on 2 days, separated from one another by at least 4 days. Blood specimens were taken just before the inhalation and at 15, 30, 60, 180 and 360 min after inhalation of each treatment, and spirometry was performed at the same time points. As expected, both treatments significantly improved FEV1 (greatest changes were 0.20 L, 95% CI: 0.13‐0.27 at 360 min after tiotropium; and 0.13 L, 95% CI: 0.06‐0.19 at 180 min after SFC). The greatest mean changes from baseline in PaO2 were ‐1.7 (95% CI: ‐4.0 to 0.6)mmHg, p=0.134, after tiotropium; ‐0.8 (95% CI: ‐2.2 to 0.6)mmHg, after SFC. Both changes were observed after 15 min. Both drugs caused a small decrease in PaCO2 (greater changes: ‐1.9 (95% CI ‐3.2 to ‐0.6)mmHg, p=0.005 at 60 min after tiotropium; and ‐2.4 (95% CI: ‐3.5 to ‐1.3) mmHg, p=0.0002 at 180 min after SFC). These results indicate that both tiotropium and SFC are able to induce a significant long‐last bronchodilation without affecting arterial blood gases. Moreover, they confirm that the impact of tiotropium on PaO2 is small and without clinical significance and the addition of a LABA to an ICS can reduce the potentially dangerous acute effect of the LABA on blood gases.
 Improvements in exacerbation rates with single inhaler triple therapy versus dual ICS/ LABA therapy in patients with advanced chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD): subgroup analyses of the phase iii Fulfil study;  Results from FULFIL have shown statistically significant improvements in lung function and health‐related quality of life, and a reduction in exacerbation rates with once‐daily fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) 100 mg/ 62.5 mg/25 mg administered using a single ELLIPTA® inhaler compared with twice‐daily budesonide/formoterol (BUD/FOR) 400 mg/12 mg using the Turbuhaler® in patients with symptomatic COPD at risk of exacerbations. The safety profile of FF/UMEC/VI reflected that of the components (Lipson, et al. Am J Respir Crit Care Med. 2017). Herein we present posthoc subgroup analyses of exacerbation rates by prior COPD medication class, disease severity and exacerbation history during FULFIL. In the intent‐to‐treat (ITT; 24 weeks) population, the mean annual exacerbation rate, FF/UMEC/VI versus BUD/ FOR ratios and annual exacerbation rates reductions were calculated for subgroups: by prior COPD medication class, inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) +long acting beta agonists (LABA); BUD/FOR; ICS +LABA + long‐acting muscarinic antagonists (LAMA); LAMA; tiotropium; LAMA +LABA; by disease severity, forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1) <50% predicted, no moderate/severe exacerbation; FEV1 <50%,≥1 moderate/severe exacerbation; FEV1 ≥50‐≤ 80%,≥2 moderate or ≥1 severe exacerbations; and by exacerbation history, 0/1 moderate exacerbations;≥2 moderate exacerbations; ≥1 severe exacerbation. Up to Week 24 in the ITT population, FF/UMEC/VI versus BUD/FOR improved the mean annual exacerbation rate (range, 63%‐24%) in all prior medication subgroups, except LAMA +LABA (annual exacerbation rate reduction, 44%) and improved mean annual exacerbation rates in all disease severity (range, 45%‐27%) and exacerbation prior history (range, 57%‐27%) subgroups (Table). Statistical significance of the FF/UMEC/VI:BUD/FOR ratio was observed for the subgroups: prior medication class ICS +LABA (0.37; 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.20‐0.71; p=0.003) and ICS +LAMA + LABA (0.53; 95% CI 0.33‐ 0.87; p=0.012); disease severity FEV1 <50% and≥1 moderate/severe exacerbation (0.55; 0.34‐ 0.89; p=0.015); exacerbation history 0/1 prior moderate exacerbation (0.62; 0.44 0.87; p=0.005) and ≥1 prior severe exacerbation (0.43; 0.22 0.86; p=0.017) (Table). Improvements in mean annual exacerbation rates with once‐daily FF/ UMEC/VI compared with twice‐daily BUD/FOR were observed in all patients regardless of disease severity or exacerbation history and all prior COPD medication class subgroups except for LAMA +LABA.
 Evidence of pharmacotherapy in COPD--key findings from recently-conducted randomized clinical studies;  The primary aim of pharmachotherapy in COPD is improvement of exertional dyspnea and quality of life through its bronchodilator effects. However, there is emerging evidence that pharmacotherapy may reduce exacerbations, alleviate annual decline of pulmonary function, and even favorably affect mortality, thus changing natural history of COPD. The large‐scaled randomized clinical trials, such as TORCH, UPLIFT, have revealed that combination of long acting beta2 agonist (LABA) and inhaled corticosteroids (ICS), LABA/ICS, and/or tiotropium alone may have such effects. In addition, carbocisteine, which is a mucolytic and anti‐oxidant agent, has been shown to reduce exacerbations in COPD. Future directions on pharmacotherapy are personalized medicine based on phenotyping of the disease and development of new agents which may cure airway inflammation in COPD.
 Asthma Clinical Research Network (ACRN) Trial - Tiotropium Bromide as an Alternative to Increased Inhaled Corticosteroid in Patients Inadequately Controlled on a Lower Dose of Inhaled Corticosteroid (TALC);  National and international asthma treatment guidelines recommend ICS as the initial controller therapy for people with asthma who are in need of daily treatment with a controller medication. If treatment with low to moderate doses of ICS is not sufficient to gain and maintain asthma control, current guidelines recommend adding a second controller medication rather than increasing the dose of ICS. Current options for the second medication include a long‐acting beta‐agonist, a leukotriene modifier, or theophylline. It is possible that other medications, not yet tested, could fill the role of the second controller medication. Tiotropium bromide is a medication that is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). It works by relaxing and opening the air passages to the lungs to make breathing easier. For people with asthma, the addition of tiotropium bromide may be a good option as a second controller medication. The purpose of this study is to determine if combining tiotropium bromide with a low dose of ICS is more effective than doubling the dose of ICS in people with moderately severe asthma. This study will also examine whether the addition of tiotropium bromide to low dose ICS is as effective as the addition of a long‐acting beta‐agonist at maintaining asthma control. This study will begin with a 4‐week run‐in period during which participants will be monitored while they use an inhaler containing a low dose of ICS medication. Next, participants will be assigned to take part in either the TALC study or the Best Adjustment Strategy for Asthma in Long Term (BASALT) study, which is a separate Asthma Clinical Research Network (ACRN) study. All TALC participants will then undergo three 16‐week treatment periods, which will include the following: ‐ tiotropium bromide inhalation powder 18 mcg once daily (Tio) plus beclomethasone dipropionate 80 mcg twice daily (1xICS) ‐ salmeterol xinafoate inhalation powder 50 mcg twice daily (LABA) plus beclomethasone dipropionate 80 mcg twice daily (1xICS) ‐ beclomethasone dipropionate 160 mcg twice daily (2xICS) The order in which the three treatment periods will occur will be randomly assigned for each participant. Each of the three 16‐week treatment periods will consist of 14 weeks of treatment followed by a 2‐week washout period, in which participants will receive a single does of ICS. Study visits will occur at baseline and Weeks 2 and 4 of the 4‐week run‐in period, and at Weeks 4, 9, 14, and 16 of each 16‐week treatment period. Spirometry tests to measure lung function will occur at each study visit and exhaled nitric oxide testing and questionnaires to assess asthma control and symptoms will occur at most visits. During study visits at Week 4 of the run‐in period and Week 14 of each treatment period, lung function measurements, sputum collection, questionnaires to assess asthma quality‐of‐life, and measurements of sleep and daytime alertness will all occur. Participants will also record asthma symptoms, peak flow measurements, and medication usage in a daily diary.
 Tiotropium bromide step-up therapy for adults with uncontrolled asthma;  BACKGROUND: Long‐acting beta‐agonist (LABA) therapy improves symptoms in patients whose asthma is poorly controlled by an inhaled glucocorticoid alone. Alternative treatments for adults with uncontrolled asthma are needed. METHODS: In a three‐way, double‐blind, triple‐dummy crossover trial involving 210 patients with asthma, we evaluated the addition of tiotropium bromide (a long‐acting anticholinergic agent approved for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease but not asthma) to an inhaled glucocorticoid, as compared with a doubling of the dose of the inhaled glucocorticoid (primary superiority comparison) or the addition of the LABA salmeterol (secondary noninferiority comparison). RESULTS: The use of tiotropium resulted in a superior primary outcome, as compared with a doubling of the dose of an inhaled glucocorticoid, as assessed by measuring the morning peak expiratory flow (PEF), with a mean difference of 25.8 liters per minute (P<0.001) and superiority in most secondary outcomes, including evening PEF, with a difference of 35.3 liters per minute (P<0.001); the proportion of asthma‐control days, with a difference of 0.079 (P=0.01); the forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) before bronchodilation, with a difference of 0.10 liters (P=0.004); and daily symptom scores, with a difference of ‐0.11 points (P<0.001). The addition of tiotropium was also noninferior to the addition of salmeterol for all assessed outcomes and increased the prebronchodilator FEV1 more than did salmeterol, with a difference of 0.11 liters (P=0.003). CONCLUSIONS: When added to an inhaled glucocorticoid, tiotropium improved symptoms and lung function in patients with inadequately controlled asthma. Its effects appeared to be equivalent to those with the addition of salmeterol. (Funded by the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute; ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT00565266.).
 A Comparative Study Between Fluticasone Furoate/Umeclidinium/Vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) Single Inhaler Triple Therapy Versus Tiotropium Monotherapy in Subjects With Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD);  COPD is a progressive disease characterized by increasing obstruction to airflow and the progressive development of respiratory symptoms including chronic cough, increased sputum production, dyspnea and wheezing. Once‐daily triple therapy of an Inhaled Corticosteroid/ Long‐acting Muscarinic Receptor Antagonists/ Long Acting Beta‐Agonist (ICS/LAMA/LABA) that is combination of FF/UMEC/VI in a single device is being developed with the aim of providing a new treatment option for the management of advanced COPD. The primary purpose of this study is to evaluate lung function and health related quality of life (HRQoL) after 84 days of treatment with a single inhaler triple therapy combination of FF/ UMEC/VI once daily via the ELLIPTA® dry powder inhaler (DPI) compared with tiotropium once daily via HANDIHALER®, in subjects with COPD. Subjects will be randomized 1:1 to receive FF/UMEC/VI or tiotropium in the morning for 84 days. Subjects will also receive albuterol/salbutamol as a rescue therapy throughout the study. Approximately 848 subjects with advanced COPD will be enrolled in the study. The total study duration will be approximately 17 weeks including, 4‐week run‐in period, 12‐week treatment period and a 1‐week follow‐up period. ELLIPTA is a registered trademark of GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) group of companies. HANDIHALER and RESPIMAT are registered trademarks of Boeringher Ingelheim.
 Comparison of the efficacy and safety of long-acting anticholinergic and a combination of inhaled steroids and long-acting beta-2 agonist in moderate chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  Long‐acting anticholinergics and inhaled steroid‐long acting beta‐agonist combinations are frequently prescribed in moderate COPD. We aimed to compare the efficacy and safety of these drugs in patients with moderate COPD.A total of 44 patients who presented to Ege University Chest Diseases out patient clinic and who were diagnosed with moderate COPD were included in the study. At the end of a two‐week wash‐out period,the patients were randomized to fluticasone‐salmeterol combination or tiotropium. The demographic data of all the patients,frequency of exacerbations,post‐bronchodilator spirometry and lung volumes,CAT(COPD Assessment Test)score,arterial blood gas analysis,BODE index and the six‐minute walk distance were recorded in the third,sixth,ninth and twelfth month visits. The primary end point was defined as the rate of exacerbations. During the one‐year follow‐up period,the average number of exacerbations was1.2±1.7in Group1;2.2±2.1in Group 2(p = 0.070)and the number of severe exacerbations was0.6±1.0 in Group1;1.1±1.4in group 2(p=0.245).Statistically significant improvement was observed in both groups(p<0.05) in CAT scores and oxygen saturation values,these improvements were similar in the two groups. FEV1 levels increased by 44mL in the first group and by 99mL in the second group(p=0.707).Significant increases in PaO2 levels were obtained only in the first group(p=0.016).The six‐minute walking distance tended to improve in the first group,but this did not reach statistical significance(p=0.084).Use of LAMA and ICS/LABA appear to have similar clinical effectiveness in moderate COPD patients.
 Investigating new standards for prophylaxis in reduction of exacerbations--the INSPIRE study methodology;  Bronchodilators, including long‐acting beta(2)‐adrenoceptor agonists and anticholinergic bronchodilators, are effective in the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Evidence suggests that the addition of a long‐acting beta(2)‐agonist to an inhaled corticosteroid is associated with a reduced rate of exacerbations compared with either treatment alone or placebo. However, it is not known whether a long‐acting beta(2)‐agonist/inhaled corticosteroid combination is more effective than an anticholinergic bronchodilator alone in reducing exacerbations. The Investigating New Standards for Prophylaxis In Reduction of Exacerbations (INSPIRE) trial will study salmeterol (a long‐acting beta(2)‐agonist) in combination with fluticasone propionate (an inhaled corticosteroid) compared with tiotropium bromide (an anticholinergic bronchodilator) in patients with moderate‐to‐severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. The INSPIRE study is a multicentre, randomised, double‐blind, double dummy, parallel group study conducted over 104 weeks. This is the first study to use two parallel definitions of an exacerbation; an event‐based exacerbation is defined as one that requires use of healthcare resources, including additional treatment and hospitalization, whereas a symptom‐based exacerbation is defined as one that satisfies the 1987 Anthonisen criteria. It is also the first study to compare the long‐term effects of salmeterol/fluticasone propionate with tiotropium bromide on the rate of event‐based exacerbations. Endpoints include rate of exacerbations (primary endpoint), time to first exacerbation, and duration of exacerbations. Health outcomes will be assessed via the St George's Respiratory Questionnaire. If the innovative methodology of utilizing 2 definitions of exacerbation proves successful, it will set the benchmark for future studies in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
 Efficacy and safety of once-daily single-inhaler triple therapy for mild-to-moderate chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a study protocol for a randomised and interventional study;  INTRODUCTION: Bronchodilators, including long‐acting muscarinic antagonists (LAMA) and long‐acting beta 2 agonists (LABA), are the main treatments for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). The efficacy of triple therapy (inhaled corticosteroids/LAMA/LABA) has also been reported. However, the effect of triple therapy on patients with mild‐to‐moderate COPD has not yet been clarified. This study aims to investigate the safety and efficacy of triple therapy, compared with LAMA/LABA combination therapy, for lung function and health‐related quality of life in patients with mild‐to‐moderate COPD and identify baseline characteristics and biomarkers to predict responders and non‐responders to triple therapy. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: This is a multicentre, prospective, open‐label, randomised, parallel‐group study. Mild‐to‐moderate patients with COPD will be randomised to receive fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol or umeclidinium/vilanterol for 24 weeks. A total of 668 patients will be enrolled from March 2022 to September 2023 from 38 sites in Japan. The primary endpoint is the change in the trough forced expiration volume in 1 s after 12 weeks of treatment. Secondary endpoints are responder rates based on the COPD assessment test score and the St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire total score after 24 weeks of treatment. The safety endpoint is the occurrence of any adverse events. We will also investigate safety in terms of changes in microbial colonisation in sputum and antimycobacterium avium complex antibodies. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: The study protocol and informed consent documents were approved by the Saga University Clinical Research Review Board (approval number: CRB7180010). Written informed consent will be obtained from all patients. Recruitment of the patients began in March 2022. The results will be disseminated through scientific peer‐reviewed publications and domestic and international medical conferences. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBERS: UMIN000046812 and jRCTs031190008.
 Effects of tiotropium and formoterol on dynamic hyperinflation and exercise endurance in COPD;  BACKGROUND: It is currently unclear whether the additive effects of a long‐acting beta(2)‐agonist (LABA) and the antimuscarinic tiotropium bromide (TIO) on resting lung function are translated into lower operating lung volumes and improved exercise tolerance in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). METHODS: On a double‐blind and cross‐over study, 33 patients (FEV(1) = 47.4 +/‐ 12.9% predicted) were randomly allocated to 2‐wk formoterol fumarate 12 microg twice‐daily (FOR) plus TIO 18 microg once‐daily or FOR plus placebo (PLA). Inspiratory capacity (IC) was obtained on constant‐speed treadmill tests to the limit of tolerance (Tlim). RESULTS: FOR‐TIO was superior to FOR‐PLA in increasing post‐treatment FEV(1) and Tlim (1.34 +/‐ 0.42 L vs. 1.25 +/‐ 0.39 L and 124 +/‐ 27% vs. 68 +/‐ 14%, respectively; p < 0.05). FOR‐TIO slowed the rate of decrement in exercise IC compared to FOR‐PLA (Deltaisotime‐rest = ‐0.27 +/‐ 0.40 L vs. ‐0.45 +/‐ 0.36 L, p < 0.05). In addition, end‐expiratory lung volume (% total lung capacity) was further reduced with FOR‐TIO (p < 0.05). Of note, patients showing greater increases in Tlim with FOR‐TIO (16/26, 61.6%) had more severe airways obstruction and lower exercise capacity at baseline. Improvement in Tlim with FOR‐TIO was also related to larger increases in FEV(1) (p < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Compared to FOR monotherapy, FOR‐TIO further improved effort‐induced dynamic hyperinflation and exercise endurance in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD. These beneficial consequences were more likely to be found in severely‐disabled patients with larger resting functional responses to the combination therapy. Trial registration: Clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT00680056 [ClinicalTrials.gov].
 Effects of indacaterol/glycopyrronium on lung function and physical activity in patients with moderate to severe COPD;  Rationale Indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY, QVA149) is a combination of a long‐acting beta‐2 agonist and a muscarinic receptor antagonist for the once‐daily treatment of COPD. Here we assessed the effects of indacaterol/glycopyrronium on lung function and physical activity compared with placebo. Methods We performed a randomised, two‐period, cross‐over study (21 days of treatment separated by a wash‐out period of 14 days) with IND/GLY 110 mg/50 mg or matching placebo. Lung function was measured by slow and forced spirometry. Physical activity was measured by an activity monitor (Bodymedia SenseWear Armband) over the last week of each treatment period. The primary endpoint was peak inspiratory capacity (IC) at the end of each treatment period (i.e., on Day 21). The coprimary endpoint was physical activity level as defined by daily activity‐related energy expenditure (kcal/day). Secondary endpoints included number of steps per day, duration of at least moderate activity per day, peak IC and FEV1 on Day 1, trough IC on Day 1, and trough IC and FEV1 on Day 21. Results 194 patients (mean age 63 years; mean postbronchodilator FEV1 61.6% predicted), were randomised; 183 patients completed the study. Peak IC on Day 21 was 0.202 L greater with IND/GLY compared to placebo (p < 0.001; Table 1). In addition, superiority of indacaterol/glycopyrronium over placebo with regard to other parameters of lung function was demonstrated (Table 1). Compared with placebo, indacaterol/glycopyrronium significantly increased the change from baseline in average physical activity level with a difference of 36.7 kcal/day. Further, IND/GLY ‐treated patients completed significantly more steps per day with a difference between the two treatment groups of 358.0 steps per day (Table 1). Conclusion Compared with placebo, IND/GLY improved lung function and physical activity in patients with moderate to severe COPD. (Table Presented).
 IMPACT Trial: triple versus dual therapy for COPD results in decreased rate of exacerbations;  Synopsis: Despite clinical guidelines recommending triple therapy with an inhaled corticosteroid (ICS), long‐acting muscarinic receptor antagonist (LAMA), and long‐acting beta‐agonist (LABA) for individuals with GOLD D chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, the evidence supporting this is weak. The IMPACT study was a randomized controlled trial that provided evidence that exacerbation risk is decreased in patients using triple therapy compared with an ICS/LABA or LAMA/LABA. Source: Lipson DA, Barnhart F, Brealey N, et al. Once‐daily single‐inhaler triple versus dual therapy in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
 Tiotropium/olodaterol versus tiotropium in the prevention of exacerbations of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: impact of adjusting for baseline characteristics;  RATIONALE Patient characteristics at baseline may affect exacerbation outcomes in clinical trials, and can impact the treatment response reported. Here we present new analyses of the DYNAGITO trial, adjusting for different baseline characteristics. METHODS DYNAGITO was a 52‐week, double‐blind, active‐controlled, parallel‐group trial in which patients with COPD were randomized to receive tiotropium/olodaterol 5/5 μg or tiotropium 5 μg once daily, delivered via Respimat® (NCT02296138). Patients had forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) <60% predicted at baseline, and at least one moderate or severe exacerbation in the previous 12 months. Patients who were taking inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) at baseline continued them throughout the trial. The primary endpoint was rate of moderate and severe COPD exacerbations during the treatment period plus one day after the last dose. This was analyzed using a negative binomial model including the fixed, categorical effect of treatment, as well as the logarithm of the treatment exposure as an offset. Here, post hoc analyses were conducted on the primary endpoint using individual covariates and multiple covariates similar to those used in previous COPD exacerbation trials: HERMES (age, sex, smoking status, baseline long‐acting beta2‐ agonists [LABA]/ICS, region, percent predicted post‐bronchodilator FEV1); SPARK, albeit without FEV1 reversibility (smoking status, baseline ICS, GOLD stage, region, COPD Assessment Test score, exacerbations treated with antibiotics/steroids in previous year); and TRINITY/TRILOGY (treatment, region, severity of airflow limitation, and smoking status as effects, and exacerbations treated with antibiotics/steroids in previous year). RESULTS Overall, 7,880 patients were treated in the study, and there was a 7% reduction in moderate and severe exacerbation rate with tiotropium/olodaterol compared with tiotropium (rate ratio 0.93; 99% confidence interval 0.85‐ 1.02; P=0.0498), which did not meet the predefined two‐sided type 1 error rate of 0.01. Adjusting for individual covariates had a limited impact on the results, but adjusting for multiple covariates resulted in a reduction in annualized rate of moderate to severe exacerbations with tiotropium/olodaterol versus tiotropium of 9‐11%, with all differences meeting nominal statistical significance (P<0.01) (Table). CONCLUSIONS These results show that the magnitude of the effect measured in a clinical trial depends on the analytical approach taken. Adjustment for multiple variables led to a significant reduction in the exacerbation rate with tiotropium/olodaterol versus tiotropium, comparable with that reported in other trials. (Figure Presented).
 Anti-inflammatory Effects of Tiotropium in Patients With Stable COPD;  Rationale: Acetylcholine is the primary parasympathetic neurotransmitter in the airways, and induces bronchoconstriction. Since the cholinergic tone appears to be the major reversible component of obstruction, muscarinic receptor antagonism and bronchodilation represent the primary goal of anticholinergic therapy in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Long‐acting anticholinergic therapy is central in GOLD stage B‐D, because of improvements in lung function, quality of life, and especially reduction of exacerbations. The elicited reduction in exacerbations with the long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) tiotropium appears larger than that of the long‐acting beta agonist (LABA) salmeterol even when the bronchodilation is similar. In asthma too, it has been shown that the addition of the tiotropium to inhaled corticosteroids (ICS)+LABA combination therapy reduces the number of severe exacerbations. These effects on exacerbation frequency suggest that tiotropium might exert anti‐inflammatory effects in the airways next to bronchodilatory effects. There are multiple animal and in vivo studies to indeed suggest an anti‐inflammatory effect of anticholinergics. Such an anti‐inflammatory effect of anticholinergic intervention could be clinically relevant; however it has not been previously demonstrated in patients with COPD. The investigators hypothesize that tiotropium bromide reduces the ongoing inflammation in patients with COPD compared to placebo. The investigators expect a decrease of TNF‐alpha mRNA in sputum after treatment with tiotropium bromide. Objective: This research proposal aims to assess the anti‐inflammatory effects after 6 weeks treatment with tiotropium compared to placebo in patients with stable COPD. Study design: This will be a multicenter parallel design randomized controlled double‐blinded study. Study population: A total of 50 COPD patients with stable disease status will be included and followed for two consecutive visits. Intervention: COPD patients will be randomized to the treatment group (tiotropium respimat 5 ug) or to the placebo group. Main study parameters/endpoints: A decrease of TNF‐alpha mRNA in induced sputum will be the main parameter for assessing the anti‐inflammatory effects of 6 week treatment with tiotropium in patients with stable COPD. Additionally, changes in sputum cell differentials and other cytokine parameters (protein, mRNA,LTB4), blood cell differentials, CRP, and cytokine parameters, health related quality of life (CCQ, CAT) will be assessed as well as changes in post‐bronchdilator FEV1.
 Efficacy and safety of once-daily umeclidinium added to fluticasone furoate/vilanterol in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: results of two replicate randomized 12-week studies;  PURPOSE: Umeclidinium (UMEC) is a long‐acting muscarinic antagonist approved in the US and EU for maintenance treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Fluticasone furoate/vilanterol (FF/VI; combination inhaled corticosteroid [ICS] + long‐acting beta2 agonist [LABA]) is indicated for long‐term, once‐daily maintenance treatment of airflow obstruction in COPD. These two replicate studies evaluated efficacy and safety of UMEC added to FF/VI in patients with COPD. METHODS: These were 12‐week, randomized, double‐blind, parallel‐group studies (N=1238 [intent‐to‐treat population]). Eligible patients entered a 4‐week run‐in period on FF/VI (100/25 mcg; delivering 92 and 22 mcg, respectively) and were then randomized 1:1:1 to once‐daily blinded UMEC 62.5 mcg (delivering 55 mcg), UMEC 125 mcg (delivering 113 mcg), or placebo (PBO) added to open‐label FF/VI if they met randomization criteria. Primary endpoint was trough forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) on Day 85. Secondary endpoint was 0‐6‐hour post‐dose weighted mean (WM) FEV1 on Day 84. Rescue use was also assessed. Safety endpoints included incidence of on‐treatment adverse events (AEs) and AEs of special interest. RESULTS: Compared with PBO+FF/VI, both doses of UMEC+FF/VI in both studies produced statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvements in trough FEV1 at Day 85 (range: 0.111‐0.128 L, all p<0.001) and 0‐6‐hour WM FEV1 at Day 84 (range: 0.135‐0.153 L, all p<0.001). Over Weeks 1‐12, mean change from baseline in percentage rescue‐free days was greater for UMEC 62.5+FF/VI (6.9‐14.2%) and UMEC 125+FF/VI (5.9‐8.7%) compared with PBO+FF/VI (2.3‐3.8%). Reduction in puffs/day was significantly greater for UMEC 62.5+FF/VI compared with PBO+FF/VI (≤0.003). Incidence of any on‐treatment AEs were similar across all groups in both studies (30‐39%). Fewer on‐treatment cardiovascular AEs of special interest were reported with UMEC+FF/VI compared with PBO+FF/VI (≤1‐2% vs 3%). Six deaths occurred (PBO+FF/VI [n=5]; UMEC 62.5+FF/VI [n=1]); none were considered related to study drug. CONCLUSIONS: Once‐daily UMEC (62.5 or 125 mcg) added to once‐daily FF/VI resulted in improvements in lung function and rescue use compared with PBO+FF/VI in patients with COPD. Safety profiles were consistent across all treatment groups. CLINICAL IMPLICATIONS: Triple combination therapy with UMEC+FF/VI is an effective treatment in patients with moderate‐to‐very‐severe COPD.
 A Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Astegolimab in Patients with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: UMECLIDINIUM, Product Code:SUB119777, Pharmaceutical Form: INHALATION POWDER, Other descriptive name: , Strength: , Product Name: SALBUTAMOL, Product Code:SUB10422MIG, Pharmaceutical Form: INHALATION POWDER, Other descriptive name: , Strength: , Product Name: ASTEGOLIMAB, Product Code:PRD10151603, Pharmaceutical Form: SOLUTION FOR INJECTION, Other descriptive name: , Strength: , Product Name: FLUTICASONE PROPIONATE, Product Code:SUB02241MIG, Pharmaceutical Form: INHALATION POWDER, Other descriptive name: , Strength: , Product Name: PREDNISOLONE, Product Code:SUB10018MIG, Pharmaceutical Form: TABLET, Other descriptive name: , Strength: , Product Name: SALMETEROL, Product Code:SUB10430MIG, Pharmaceutical Form: INHALATION POWDER, Other descriptive name: , Strength: , Product Name: IPRATROPIUM BROMIDE, Product Code:SUB08276MIG, Pharmaceutical Form: PRESSURISED INHALATION, SOLUTION, Other descriptive name: , Strength: , Product Name: Astegolimab Placebo, Product Code:N/A, Pharmaceutical Form: N/A, Other descriptive name: N/A , Strength: , Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: N/A CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) ; MedDRA version: 21.1Level: PTClassification code: 10009033Term: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease Class: 100000004855 MedDRA version: 21.1Level: PTClassification code: 10009033Term: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease Class: 100000004855 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To evaluate the efficacy of astegolimab compared with placebo; on the basis of annualized rate of moderate and severe COPD exacerbations over the 52‐week treatment period Primary end point(s): Annualized rate of moderate and severe COPD exacerbations over the 52‐week treatment period Secondary Objective: To evaluate the efficacy of astegolimab compared with placebo on the basis of time to first moderate or severe COPD exacerbation during the 52‐week treatment period, To evaluate the efficacy of astegolimab compared with placebo on the basis of 1] absolute change from baseline in health‐related quality of life (HRQoL) at Week 52, as assessed through the Saint George’s Respiratory Questionnaire‐COPD (SGRQ‐C) total score, 2] post‐bronchodilator forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1)(liters) and 3] Evaluating Respiratory Symptoms in COPD (E‐RS:COPD) total score at Week 52, To evaluate the efficacy of astegolimab compared with placebo on the basis of proportion of participants with improvement in HRQoL, defined as a decrease from baseline of >= 4 points in SGRQ‐C total score, at Week 52, To evaluate the efficacy of astegolimab compared with placebo on the basis of annualized rate of severe COPD exacerbations over the 52‐week treatment period, To evaluate the safety of astegolimab compared with placebo, To characterize the astegolimab PK profile, To evaluate the immune response to astegolimab INCLUSION CRITERIA: Documented COPD diagnosis for >= 12 months prior to Visit 1, History of frequent exacerbations, defined as having had 2 or more moderate or severe COPD exacerbations within 12 months prior to Visit 1, Post‐bronchodilatir FEV1 >= 20% and < 80% of predicted and FEV1/ forced vital capacity (FVC) < 0.70 at Visit 1 or Visit 2, mMRC score >= 2 at screening, Current tobacco smoker or former smoker (having stopped smoking for at least 6 months prior to Visit 1) with a history of smoking >= 10 pack‐years (e.g., 20 cigarettes/day for 10 years), On optimized COPD maintenance therapy of inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) plus long‐acting beta‐agonist (LABA), long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) plus LABA, or ICS plus LAMA plus LABA for >= 12 months prior to Visit 1 SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s):Absolute change from baseline in E‐RS:COPD total score at Week 52 Secondary end point(s):Absolute change from baseline in HRQoL at Week 52, as assessed through the SGRQ‐C total score Secondary end point(s):Absolute change from baseline in post‐bronchodilator FEV1 (liters) at Week 52 Secondary end point(s):Annualized rate of severe COPD exacerbations over the 52‐week treatment period Secondary end point(s):Change from baseline in selected clinical laboratory test results and electrocardiograms (ECGs) Secondary end point(s):Change from baseline in selected vital signs Secondary end point(s):Incidence and severity of all treatment‐emergent adverse events (TEAE), including Serious Adverse Events (SAEs), adverse events of special interests (AESIs), and TEAEs leading to death or discontinuation Secondary end point(s):Prevalence of anti‐drug antibodies (ADAs) at baseline and incidence of ADAs during the study Secondary end point(s):Proportion of participants with improvement in HRQoL, defined as a decrease from baseline of >= 4 points in SGRQ‐C total score, at Week 52 Secondary end point(s):Serum concentration of astegolimab at specified timepoints Secondary end point(s):Time to first moderate or severe COPD exacerbation during the 52‐week treatment period
 Evaluation of Umeclidinium Bromide in Combination With Fluticasone Furoate in COPD Subjects With an Asthmatic Component;  The purpose of this study is to evaluate the dose‐response of 4 doses of umeclidinium bromide in combination with fluticasone furoate compared with fluticasone furoate monotherapy in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease participants with an asthmatic component. The fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium bromide treatments will also be compared to the once‐daily inhaled corticosteroid/long‐acting beta agonist combination fluticasone furoate/vilanterol.
 Beta Blocker Therapy in Moderate to Severe COPD;  Beta blockers are a type of medication mainly used for heart disease. They are commonly used to treat 'angina' and to prevent heart attacks. Patients with COPD are more likely to suffer from heart disease and so already benefit from this treatment for this reason. In addition to this, new research suggests that there may be further benefit of using beta blockers for COPD, even without also having heart disease. The reason why beta blockers are not widely used in COPD at present is because of their potential to make symptoms of COPD worse by causing the airways to narrow. Beta blockers are the opposite type of medication to 'beta‐agonists' such as salbutamol which you may be taking for symptoms of breathlessness or wheezing. Nevertheless beta blockers are still used in COPD where the benefits (for example heart disease) outweigh any risks. Current COPD treatment includes inhaled steroids and long acting beta agonists, often given in a combination inhaler (e.g. Seretide or Symbicort) to treat both airway inflammation and airway narrowing, leading to improvement in symptoms. Another drug commonly used is Tiotropium (Spiriva) which is another type of long acting inhaler medication to help with widening the airways. In this study, we wish to find out if two different types of beta blocker cause different effects on the airways in COPD patients. One type of beta blocker is more 'selective' in acting mainly on the heart, with the other type having more general or 'non‐selective' effects on both the heart and lungs. By doing this we will also be able to look at how the beta blockers work alongside the 'usual' inhaler treatment described above.
 Cardiopulmonary interactions with beta-blockers and inhaled therapy in COPD;  Background: Despite guidelines, beta‐blockers remain underused in patients with COPD and cardiovascular disease. We compared the tolerability of bisoprolol and carvedilol and interactions with inhaled therapy in COPD. Methods: A randomised cross‐over design was used to compare bisoprolol 5mg qd or carvedilol 12.5 mg bid each for 6 weeks in conjunction with: (a) triple: inhaled corticosteroid /long acting beta‐agonist/long acting muscarinic antagonist (ICS+LABA+LAMA), (b) dual: ICS+LABA, (c) ICS alone. Measurements were made at baseline (no beta‐blocker), and after each inhaled step on beta‐blockers. Results: 18 patients completed: All ex‐smokers, mean age 65 years, forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) 52% predicted. Bisoprolol and carvedilol produced comparable significant reduction in resting and exercise heart rate, in the order of 20 beats per minute. FEV1, forced vital capacity (FVC) and lung compliance (AX) were significantly lower with carvedilol vs bisoprolol while taking concomitant ICS/LABA (P<0.05) but not ICS/LABA/LAMA. Blood eosinophils were not correlated with percentage fall in FEV1. Compared to baseline, neither beta‐blocker caused any significant change in health status, 6‐minute walk distance, oxygen saturation, or dyspnea and fatigue. Conclusion: Bisoprolol was well tolerated on pulmonary function, regardless of concomitant inhaled triple or dual therapy. Patients tolerated carvedilol better while taking concomitant triple compared to dual therapy, showing tiotropium conferred protection against bronchoconstriction. Tiotropium should mitigate concerns over beta blocker induced bronchoconstriction in COPD. This study is registered at Clinicaltrials.gov: NCT01656005.
 Tiotropium in combination with placebo, salmeterol, or fluticasone-salmeterol for treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a randomized trial;  BACKGROUND: Treatment of moderate or severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) with combinations of inhaled corticosteroids, long‐acting beta‐agonists, and long‐acting anticholinergic bronchodilators is common but unstudied. OBJECTIVE: To determine whether combining tiotropium with salmeterol or fluticasone‐salmeterol improves clinical outcomes in adults with moderate to severe COPD compared with tiotropium alone. DESIGN: Randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trial conducted from October 2003 to January 2006. SETTING: 27 academic and community medical centers in Canada. PATIENTS: 449 patients with moderate or severe COPD. INTERVENTION: 1 year of treatment with tiotropium plus placebo, tiotropium plus salmeterol, or tiotropium plus fluticasone‐salmeterol. MEASUREMENTS: The primary end point was the proportion of patients who experienced an exacerbation of COPD that required treatment with systemic steroids or antibiotics. RESULTS: The proportion of patients in the tiotropium plus placebo group who experienced an exacerbation (62.8%) did not differ from that in the tiotropium plus salmeterol group (64.8%; difference, ‐2.0 percentage points [95% CI, ‐12.8 to 8.8 percentage points]) or in the tiotropium plus fluticasone‐salmeterol group (60.0%; difference, 2.8 percentage points [CI, ‐8.2 to 13.8 percentage points]). In sensitivity analyses, the point estimates and 95% confidence bounds shifted in the direction favoring tiotropium plus salmeterol and tiotropium plus fluticasone‐salmeterol. Tiotropium plus fluticasone‐salmeterol improved lung function (P = 0.049) and disease‐specific quality of life (P = 0.01) and reduced the number of hospitalizations for COPD exacerbation (incidence rate ratio, 0.53 [CI, 0.33 to 0.86]) and all‐cause hospitalizations (incidence rate ratio, 0.67 [CI, 0.45 to 0.99]) compared with tiotropium plus placebo. In contrast, tiotropium plus salmeterol did not statistically improve lung function or hospitalization rates compared with tiotropium plus placebo. LIMITATIONS: More than 40% of patients who received tiotropium plus placebo and tiotropium plus salmeterol discontinued therapy prematurely, and many crossed over to treatment with open‐label inhaled steroids or long‐acting beta‐agonists. CONCLUSIONS: Addition of fluticasone‐salmeterol to tiotropium therapy did not statistically influence rates of COPD exacerbation but did improve lung function, quality of life, and hospitalization rates in patients with moderate to severe COPD. International Standard Randomised Controlled Trial registration number: ISRCTN29870041.
 The effects of tiotropium and/or budesonide/formoterol on systemic biomarkers of inflammation in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease patients of group D;  INTERVENTION: 1:tiotropium 18ug qd;2:budesonide/formoterol 160ug/4.5ug q12h ;3:budesonide/formoterol 320ug/9ug q12h;4:tiotropium 18ug qd + budesonide/formoterol 160ug/4.5ug q12h; CONDITION: chronic obstructive pulmonary disease PRIMARY OUTCOME: C‐reactive protein;interleukin‐6;interleukin‐8;interleukin‐10; SECONDARY OUTCOME: blood routine;fibrinogen;tumor necrosis factor‐alpha; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. patients diagnosed as chronic obsructive pulmonary disease of group D; 2. patients have been clinically stable for at least 3 months prior to the study; 3.aged older than 40 years; 4. patients did not take long‐acting beta 2‐adrenoceptor agonists or long‐acting muscarinic antagonist or inhaled corticosteroids or oral corticosteroids in the previous 1 month before study entry; 5. patients volunteer for this study and sign the informed consent.
 A Proof-of-mechanism Study of Multiple, Oral Doses of Fevipiprant (QAW039) in COPD Patients With Eosinophilia;  This was an exploratory, randomized, subject‐ and investigator‐blind, placebo‐controlled, parallel group, proof‐of‐mechanism study in COPD subjects with eosinophilia, on standard of care therapy. Standard of care (SoC) treatment in subjects with COPD typically includes a regimen of inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) plus one or more long acting bronchodilator (long‐acting beta2‐agonist (LABA) or long‐acting antimuscarinic antagonist (LAMA)). The study consisted of a screening period (including an optional pre‐screen visit) during which the subject's phenotype and eligibility for the study were assessed. All subjects who met the eligibility criteria after the screening visit were to undergo induction of their sputum to examine the baseline sputum cell counts. Subjects were required to demonstrate both blood and sputum eosinophilia to be eligible for participation in the study. Eligible subjects were randomized 3:2 to active (fevipiprant 450 mg oral daily) vs. placebo arms. Randomization was stratified by current smoking status (current vs. ex‐smoker). Subjects were to continue their COPD standard of care and other medications during the entire course of the study. Subjects were to receive multiple doses of fevipiprant or placebo for six weeks. Sputum induction was to be repeated at the end of the treatment period and at the end of the study (approximately 4 weeks after the last dose). The primary purpose of the proof‐of‐mechanism study was to determine whether fevipiprant (QAW039), when administered to COPD patients with eosinophilic airway inflammation on standard of care therapy, reduced the burden of sputum eosinophilia. Data from other trials did not confirm efficacy of fevipiprant and did not warrant the continuation of treatment in this study. As a result, this study was terminated early.
 Tiotropium/Olodaterol in the prevention of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease exacerbations: results from the DYNAGITO trial;  RATIONALE Tiotropium/olodaterol produces greater improvements in lung function and quality of life than tiotropium alone in patients with COPD. Although tiotropium decreases the risk of exacerbations compared with placebo, it is unclear whether tiotropium/olodaterol reduces the rate of moderate and severe exacerbations more than tiotropium alone. DYNAGITO was a large, multinational trial designed to address this question in patients with COPD. METHODS This 52‐week, double‐blind, active‐controlled, parallel‐group trial randomized patients with COPD to receive tiotropium/olodaterol 5/5 μg or tiotropium 5 μg once daily, delivered via Respimat® (NCT02296138). Patients had forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) <60% predicted at baseline, and at least one moderate or severe exacerbation in the previous 12 months. Patients taking inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) at baseline continued them throughout the trial. The primary endpoint was rate of moderate or severe COPD exacerbations during the treatment period. Moderate exacerbations were defined as an increase or new onset of two or more symptoms that require antibiotics and/or corticosteroids, and severe exacerbations as those requiring hospitalization or an emergency room visit. The study was powered to achieve a significance level of 0.01 to establish a higher degree of evidence within a single trial. RESULTS In total, 7,880 patients were treated in DYNAGITO. Mean post‐bronchodilator FEV1 at baseline was 44.5%. Before study entry, 39.7% of patients were using long‐acting muscarinic antagonists (LAMA)/long‐acting beta2‐agonists (LABA)/ICS, 25.8% were receiving LABA/ICS, and 11.9% were receiving LAMA/LABA. Patients in the tiotropium/olodaterol arm were more likely to complete the trial than those in the tiotropium arm (12.4% discontinued versus 16.5%). There was a 7% reduction in the rate of moderate and severe exacerbations with tiotropium/olodaterol compared with tiotropium during the treatment period (rate ratio [RR] 0.93; 99% confidence interval [CI] 0.85‐1.02; P=0.0498) (Figure), which did not meet the predefined two‐sided type 1 error rate of 0.01. The effect appeared to be driven by severe exacerbations (RR tiotropium/olodaterol versus tiotropium 0.89; 95% CI 0.78‐1.02; P=0.0903) and the reduced rate of exacerbations treated with corticosteroids (with or without antibiotics) with tiotropium/olodaterol versus tiotropium (Figure). CONCLUSIONS Tiotropium/olodaterol reduced the rate of exacerbations compared with tiotropium alone, but did not meet the targeted level of statistical significance. Larger, potentially significant effects were seen in severe exacerbations and those treated with corticosteroids, with or without antibiotics. (Figure pressented).
 Comparable spirometric efficacy of tiotropium compared with salmeterol plus fluticasone in patients with COPD: a pilot study;  BACKGROUND: International guidelines recommend the long‐acting anticholinergic, tiotropium, or long‐acting beta 2‐agonists as maintenance therapy in patients with moderate‐to‐very severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). The efficacy of long‐acting beta(2)‐agonists combined with inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) in the treatment of COPD has also been confirmed for severe and very severe COPD, but data comparing tiotropium with the combination of a long‐acting beta 2‐agonist and an ICS are lacking. METHODS: This 6‐week multicentre, randomised, double‐blind, triple‐dummy pilot study compared the bronchodilator effects of tiotropium 18 microg once daily (n=56) vs. the combination of salmeterol 50 microg plus fluticasone 250 microg twice daily (n=51) in patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD. Serial spirometry was performed over 12h after 6 weeks of treatment. The primary endpoint was forced expiratory volume in 1s (FEV1) area under the curve from 0 to 12h (AUC0‐12h) on Day 43. RESULTS: Randomization failed to provide treatment groups with comparable baseline characteristics for smoking history, current smokers, duration of COPD, FEV1, forced vital capacity (FVC) and reversibility. Mean+/‐SD FEV1 was 1.31+/‐0.47 l in the tiotropium group vs. 1.46+/‐0.53 l in the salmeterol plus fluticasone group. Fewer patients in the tiotropium showed a 12% and 200 ml acute increase to short‐acting bronchodilators at baseline. However, treatment with tiotropium alone resulted in comparable bronchodilation compared with salmeterol plus fluticasone, as measured by all the spirometric parameters at the end of the 6‐week study period. FEV1 AUC0‐12h was 1.55+/‐0.03 l in the tiotropium group vs. 1.57+/‐0.04 l in the salmeterol plus fluticasone groups (p=0.63). Trough (predose) FEV1 was 1.54+/‐0.03 l in the tiotropium group vs. 1.46+/‐0.03 l in the combination group (p=0.07), and peak FEV(1) was 1.68+/‐0.04 l vs. 1.66+/‐0.04 l, respectively, (p=0.77). FVC AUC0‐12h, trough and peak were also comparable between groups at study end (p>0.05, for all). Further, rescue salbutamol use was similar in the tiotropium and combination groups and both treatment regimens were well tolerated. CONCLUSIONS: Six weeks of treatment with tiotropium resulted in comparable bronchodilation compared with salmeterol plus fluticasone in patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD, despite tiotropium patients having lower lung function and fewer patients considered reversible at baseline. The results of this pilot study will aid planning for further large‐scale comparative studies.
 A Study to Evaluate Astegolimab in Participants With Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease;  INTERVENTION: Astegolimab Placebo Comparator CONDITION: ; Respiratory Respiratory PRIMARY OUTCOME: Annualized rate of moderate and severe COPD exacerbations over the 52‐week treatment period SECONDARY OUTCOME: Absolute change from baseline in health‐related quality of life (HRQoL) at Week 52 as assessed through the St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire‐COPD (SGRQ‐C) total score Absolute change from baseline in post‐bronchodilator forced expiratory volume (FEV1) at Week 52 Absolute change from baseline in the Evaluating Respiratory Symptoms in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (E‐RS:COPD) total score at Week 52 Annualized rate of severe COPD exacerbations over the 52‐week treatment period Proportion of participants with improvement in HRQoL at Week 52 Time to first moderate or severe COPD exacerbation during the 52‐week treatment period INCLUSION CRITERIA: *Documented COPD diagnosis for = 12 months *History of frequent exacerbations, defined as having had 2 or more moderate or severe COPD exacerbations within 12 months prior to screening *Post‐bronchodilator FEV1 = 20% and < 80% of predicted at screening *Post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC < 0.70 at screening *Modified Medical Research Council (dyspnea scale) (mMRC) score = 2 *Current tobacco smoker or former smoker with a history of smoking = 10 pack‐years *On optimized COPD maintenance therapy as defined below for = 12 months prior to screening, and stable on current therapy for at least 4 weeks prior to screening: Inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) plus long‐acting beta‐agonist (LABA), Long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) plus LABA, ICS plus LAMA plus LABA *Chest X‐ray or computed tomography (CT) scan within 6 months prior to screening or chest X‐ray during the screening period that confirms the absence of clinically significant lung disease bes
 A Study Comparing the Efficacy, Safety and Tolerability of Fixed Dose Combination (FDC) of FF/UMEC/VI With the FDC of FF/VI and UMEC/VI; Administered Once-daily Via a Dry Powder Inhaler (DPI) in Subjects With Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD);  The study evaluates the efficacy of fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium bromide/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) to reduce the annual rate of moderate and severe exacerbations compared with dual therapy of FF/VI or UMEC/VI in subjects with COPD. Published studies which assessed the use of an 'open' triple therapy (use of Inhaled Corticosteroid [ICS]/ Long‐acting Muscarinic Receptor Antagonists [LAMA])/ Long Acting Beta‐Agonist [LABA] delivered via multiple inhalers) in moderate‐severe COPD patients, reported improvements in lung function, Health Related Quality of Life (HRQoL), hospitalization rates and rescue medication use, compared to dual therapy (ICS/LABA) or LAMA alone. These studies have also shown similar safety profile with dual or monotherapy doses for periods of up to one year. Given the clinical experience with FF, UMEC and VI, and that the associated risks with these compounds are anticipated from their known pharmacology, the potential benefit of a new therapy option in patients with moderate to severe COPD supports the further development of the closed triple combination (delivered via one inhaler). In the current study subjects meeting all inclusion/exclusion criteria will complete 2‐week run‐in period; 52 week treatment period and a 1‐week safety follow‐up period. Eligible subjects will be randomized to one of the following double‐blind treatment groups FF/UMEC/VI 100 micrograms (mcg)/62.5 mcg/25 mcg once daily (QD), FF/VI 100 mcg/25 mcg QD, or UMEC/VI 62.5 mcg/25 mcg QD
 Once-Daily Triple Therapy in Patients with Advanced COPD: healthcare Resource Utilization Data and Associated Costs from the FULFIL Trial;  Introduction: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease is associated with a high healthcare resource and cost burden. Healthcare resource utilization was analyzed in patients with symptomatic chronic obstructive pulmonary disease at risk of exacerbations in the FULFIL study. Patients received either once‐daily, single inhaler triple therapy (fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol) 100 µg/62.5 µg/25 µg or twice‐daily dual inhaled corticosteroid/long‐acting beta agonist therapy (budesonide/formoterol) 400 µg/12 µg. Methods: FULFIL was a phase III, randomized, double‐blind, double‐dummy, multicenter study. Unscheduled contacts with healthcare providers were recorded by patients in a daily electronic diary; the costs of healthcare resource utilization were calculated post hoc using UK reference costs. Results: Over 24 weeks, slightly fewer patients who received fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (169/911; 18.6%) required contacts with healthcare providers compared with budesonide/formoterol (180/899; 20.0%). Over 52 weeks in an extension population, fewer patients who received fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol required unscheduled contacts with healthcare providers compared with budesonide/formoterol (25.2% vs. 32.7%). Non‐drug costs per treated patient per year were lower in the fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol group than the budesonide/formoterol group over 24 and 52 weeks (£653.80 vs. £763.32 and £749.22 vs. £988.03, respectively), with the total annualized cost over 24 weeks being slightly greater for fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol than budesonide/formoterol (£1,289.35 vs. £1,267.45). Conclusions: This healthcare resource utilization evidence suggests that, in a clinical trial setting over a 24‐ or 52‐week timeframe, non‐drug costs associated with management of a single inhaler fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol are lower compared with twice‐daily budesonide/formoterol. Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov number: NCT02345161. Funding: GSK.
 Effect of treatment withdrawal on outcomes in the summit study;  Rationale: To date, no studies have adequately examined the withdrawal of long‐acting bronchodilators (LABD) or inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) on patient outcomes despite the potential implications for both clinical practice and the design of clinical trials. The SUMMIT trial provides a unique opportunity to examine the impact of prior medication use and withdrawal on the risk of mortality and COPD exacerbations after randomization. Methods: SUMMIT is the largest survival trial in patients with COPD and heightened cardiovascular risk randomizing more than 16,000 patients to once daily ICS alone (fluticasone furoate‐FF), LABA alone (vilanterol‐VI), ICS/LABA (FF/VI), or placebo. Patients were allocated into 4 groups depending on treatment prior to randomization: None (no previous treatment) (n=9423), Previous ICS alone (n=643), Previous LABD (Long Acting Muscarinic Antagonist or Long Acting Beta Agonist) alone (n=1734) and Previous ICS/LABD (n=4617). Time to death and time to first moderate/severe exacerbation were analyzed post‐hoc using Cox proportional hazards models. Results: Demographics were similar across the 4 groups and to that of the overall population (Vestbo J et al Lancet 2016; 387:1817‐26) with the exception of the frequency of an exacerbation in the year prior to the study (higher in the previous ICS group; 65% compared with 33‐49%). Table 1 shows the difference in the risk of death and exacerbations for active arms compared with placebo, within each subgroup defined on the basis of prior medication use and treatment during the SUMMIT trial. There was no effect on mortality or COPD exacerbations in the 4 groups. [Table Presented]. Conclusions: In this large RCT, there was no impact of withdrawal from ICS or LABD on the subsequent effects of these drugs on mortality and risk of exacerbations.
 Additive benefits of tiotropium in COPD patients treated with long-acting beta agonists and corticosteroids;  OBJECTIVE AND BACKGROUND: The addition of an alternative class of long‐acting bronchodilator is recommended for COPD patients who do not respond satisfactorily to monotherapy. The aim of this study was to investigate the additive benefit of tiotropium in severe COPD and to establish whether the improvement in lung function in these patients can be predicted from their acute bronchodilator response to ipratropium or salbutamol. METHODOLOGY: Forty‐six patients with severe COPD treated with inhaled long‐acting beta(2) agonists and corticosteroids (LABA/CS) were enrolled. Their prebronchodilator FEV(1) was less than 50% of the predicted value. Tiotropium (18 microg, once daily) was added via a dry‐powder inhaler device. After a month of treatment, tiotropium was stopped but their previous medication was continued. Patients were reassessed a month later. Acute bronchodilator response to ipratropium and salbutamol was assessed prior to tiotropium treatment. Pulmonary function and health status were evaluated. RESULTS: Adding tiotropium significantly improved FVC, FEV(1) and inspiratory capacity (IC). The increase in FVC was significantly associated with an increase in IC (r = 0.36, P = 0.019) and a decrease in residual volume (r =‐0.56, P < 0.001). Total scores of St. George Respiratory Questionnaire scores were significantly improved after adding tiotropium treatment (P < 0.001). After tiotropium withdrawal, FVC, FEV(1) and IC decreased markedly. Bronchodilator response to ipratropium did not predict the tiotropium‐mediated improvement in FEV(1) or FVC. CONCLUSIONS: Adding tiotropium to inhaled LABA/CS can yield clinical benefits in lung function and improved quality of life in COPD patients, as both drugs act through separate yet complementary pathways to maintain airway calibre.
 Are We FULFIL-led by a Once-daily Triple-therapy Inhaler for Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease?;  Synopsis: A once‐daily triple‐therapy inhaler, consisting of a long‐acting muscarinic antagonist, a long‐acting beta agonist, and an inhaled corticosteroid, resulted in significant improvements in lung function and quality of life in patients with severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease when compared with a twice‐daily dual‐therapy inhaler, consisting of a long‐acting beta agonist and an inhaled corticosteroid. Source: Lipson D, Barnacle H, Birk R, et al. FULFIL trial: once‐daily triple therapy for patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Am J Respir Crit Care Med 2017;196(4):438‐446.
 Tiotropium and olodaterol in the prevention of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease exacerbations (DYNAGITO): a double-blind, randomised, parallel-group, active-controlled trial;  BACKGROUND: Combinations of long‐acting bronchodilators are recommended to reduce the rate of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) exacerbations. It is unclear whether combining olodaterol, a long‐acting beta‐agonist, with tiotropium, a long‐acting anti‐muscarinic, reduces the rate of exacerbations compared with tiotropium alone. METHODS: This 52‐week, double‐blind, randomised, parallel‐group, active‐controlled trial randomly assigned (1:1) patients with COPD with a history of exacerbations using a randomised block design to receive tiotropium‐olodaterol 5 μg‐5 μg or tiotropium 5 μg once daily. Patients using inhaled corticosteroids continued this therapy. Treatment was masked to patients, investigators, and those involved in analysing the data. The primary endpoint was the rate of moderate and severe COPD exacerbations from the first dose of medication until 1 day after last drug administration. The primary analysis included all randomly assigned patients who received any dose of study medication but were not from a site excluded due to on‐site protocol violations. The trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT02296138. FINDINGS: Overall, 9009 patients were screened from 818 centres in 51 countries. We recruited 7880 patients between Jan 22, 2015 and March 7, 2016 (mean age 66·4 years [SD 8·5], 5626 [71%] were men, mean FEV1 percent predicted 44·5% [SD 27·7]): 3939 received tiotropium‐olodaterol and 3941 tiotropium. The rate of moderate and severe exacerbations was lower with tiotropium‐olodaterol than tiotropium (rate ratio [RR] 0·93, 99% CI 0·85‐1·02; p=0·0498), not meeting the targeted 0·01 significance level. The proportion of patients reporting adverse events was similar between treatments. INTERPRETATION: Combining tiotropium and olodaterol did not reduce exacerbation rate as much as expected compared with tiotropium alone. FUNDING: Boehringer Ingelheim International GmbH.
 A 26-week, randomized, double blind, parallel-group multicenter study to assess the efficacy and safety of QVA149 (110/50 mcg o.d.) vs tiotropium (18 mcg o.d.) + salmeterol/fluticasone propionate FDC (50/500 mcg b.i.d.) in patients with moderate to severe COPD;  INTERVENTION: QVA149 110/50 *g capsules o.d. for inhalation, supplied in blisters delivered via Novartis single dose dry powder inhaler Novartis single dose dry powder inhalerNovartis single dose dry powder inhaler. Salmeterol/fluticasone propionate FDC 50/500 *g dry inhalation powder delivered via Accuhaler*. Tiotropium 18 *g capsules o.d. for inhalation, supplied as commercially available blisters, delivered via HandiHaler®. CONDITION: ; airflow limitation ; COPD 10024970 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Patients who have signed Informed Consent Form prior to ; initiation of any study‐related procedure. ; * Male and female adults aged * 40 years. ; * Patients with moderate to severe airflow obstruction with stable ; COPD according to the 2014 GOLD Guidelines. ; * Patients with a post‐bronchodilator FEV1 *40 and < 80% of the ; predicted normal value, and post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC < ; 0.70 at run‐in Visit 101. ; (Post refers to 15 min after inhalation of 400 *g of salbutamol). ; * Current or ex‐smokers who have a smoking history of at least 10 ; pack years (e.g. 10 pack years = 1 pack /day x 10 years, or * ; pack/day x 20 years). An ex‐smoker is defined as a patient who ; has not smoked for * 6 months at screening. ; * Patients who are on triple treatment at least for the last 6 months ; (LAMA +LABA/ICS).; INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients eligible for inclusion in this study have to fulfill all of the following criteria: 1. Patients who have signed Informed Consent Form prior to initiation of any study‐related procedure. 2. Male and female adults aged * 40 years. 3. Patients with moderate to severe airflow obstruction with stable COPD (Stage 2 or Stage 3) according to the 2014 GOLD Guidelines. 4. Patients with a post‐bronchodilator FEV1 *40 and < 80% of the predicted normal value, and post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC < 0.70 at run‐in Visit 101. (Post refers to 15 min after inhalation of 400 *g of salbutamol) (Readings assessed by site and checked centrally). 5. Current or ex‐smokers who have a smoking history of at least 10 pack years (e.g. 10 pack years <= 1 pack /day X10 years, or * pack/day X20 years). An ex‐smoker is defined as a patient who has not smoked for * 6 months at screening. 6. Patients who are on triple treatment at least for SECONDARY OUTCOME: * Key exclusion criteria. Full criteria are within the protocol: ; * Patients contraindicated for treatment with, or having a history of ; reactions/ hypersensitivity to any of the following inhaled drugs, ; drugs of a similar class or any component thereof: ; * long and short acting anticholinergic agents ; * long and short acting beta‐2 agonists ; * sympathomimetic amines ; * lactose or any of the other excipients of trial medication ; * History or current diagnosis of ECG abnormalities indicating ; significant risk of safety for patients participating in the study ; such as: ; * Concomitant clinically significant cardiac arrhythmias, e.g., ; sustained ventricular tachycardia, and clinically significant ; second or third degree AV block without a pacemaker ; * History of familial long QT syndrome or known family history of ; Torsades de Pointes ; * Resting QTc (Fridericia method) *450 msec for males and ; females at Visit 101. ; * Concomitant use of agents known to significantly prolong the QT ; interval unless they can be permanently discontinued for the ; duration of study. ; * Patients who have clinically significant renal, cardiovascular ; (such as but not limited to unstable ischemic heart disease, ; NYHA Class III/IV left ventricular failure, myocardial infarction), ; arrhythmia (see below for patients with atrial fibrillation), ; neurological, endocrine, immunological, psychiatric, ; gastrointestinal, hepatic, or hematological abnormalities which ; could interfere with the assessment of the efficacy and safety of ; the study treatment. ; * Patients who have had more than one COPD exacerbation that ; required treatment with antibiotics and/or oral corticosteroids ; and/or hospitalization in the 12 months prior to Visit 1. ; * Patients who developed a COPD exacerbation of any severity ; either 6 weeks before the screening (Visit 1) or between ; screening (Visit 1) and treatment (Visit 201) will not be eligible ; but will be permitted to be re‐screened after a minimum of 6 ; weeks after the resolution of the COPD exacerbation. ; * Patients with any history of asthma. ; * Patients with a blood eosinophil count > 600/mm3 during ; screening (Visit 101). ; * Patients unable to use an electronic patient diary. ; * Patients unable to use a dry powder inhaler device or a ; pressurized MDI (rescue medication) or unable to comply with ; the study regimen. Spacer devices are not permitted. ; * History of malignancy of any organ system (other than localized ; basal cell carcinoma of the skin), treated or untreated, within the ; past 5 years, regardless of whether there is evidence of local ; recurrence or metastases. ;
 Effect of age on efficacy and safety of multiple inhaler triple therapy with umeclidinium added to fluticasone furoate/vilanterol in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  Rationale: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is commonly seen in elderly patients, who may be perceived to have increased difficulty using inhaled medications and multiple different types of inhalers, potentially leading to decreased efficacy relative to younger patients with COPD. We investigated the consistency of lung function benefit observed with multiple inhaler triple therapy with the long acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) umeclidinium (UMEC) plus the inhaled corticosteroid/long acting beta2‐agonist (ICS/LABA) fluticasone furoate/vilanterol (FF/VI) each delivered via the ELLIPTA inhaler, relative to placebo plus FF/VI in patients <65 and ≥65 years of age with COPD. METHODS: A post‐hoc analysis of the intent‐to‐treat (ITT) population from two multicenter, 12‐week trials (NCT01957163, NCT02119286) evaluated lung function by age: <65 or ≥65 years. The primary endpoint of each trial was trough forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) on Day 85. After a 4‐week, open‐label run‐in period with FF/VI 100/25 mcg, subjects were equally randomized to double‐blind treatment with UMEC 62.5 mcg, UMEC 125 mcg, or placebo for 12 weeks while continuing FF/VI. All treatments were administered once‐daily via the ELLIPTA dry powder inhaler. Spirometry was performed at each study visit. Evaluation of safety by age was conducted using summaries of adverse events reported during the trials. RESULTS: The ITT population included 1238 subjects: <65 years, n=670; ≥65 years, n=568. Results for trough FEV1 and responder rates on Day 85 for UMEC 62.5 mcg + FF/VI and placebo + FF/VI treatment arms are shown in Table 1. Across both age subgroups, significant and clinically meaningful mean change increases from baseline in trough FEV1 and significantly greater odds of response were observed with UMEC 62.5 mcg + FF/VI compared with placebo + FF/VI at Day 85 (p<0.001). Similar results were seen at all other time points assessed (p<0.001 for all comparisons with placebo + FF/VI) and for the UMEC 125 mcg + FF/VI treatment arm (data not shown). Overall safety profile for UMEC, including cardiac and vascular events, was similar between age subgroups. Conclusions: In subjects <65 years and ≥65 years old with COPD, multiple inhaler triple therapy with UMEC+FF/VI provided consistently significant and clinically meaningful improvements in lung function compared with placebo + FF/VI throughout the study and was well tolerated. These data provide evidence of consistent and clinically meaningful lung function benefit in patients treated with the multiple inhaler triple therapy regimen UMEC+FF/VI delivered via the ELLIPTA inhaler regardless of age.
 self controlled clinical study for the effect of medicines in individual COPD patients;  INTERVENTION: Drug : In this study, we will perform a 12‐week, open label, self controlled, clinical trial followed by 36‐week observational study for the effect and adverse event of bronchodilators or anti‐inflammatory drugs in individual patients with stable COPD. For fifty six COPD patients with GOLD 1 or 2, the effect of long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) and long‐acting beta agonist (LABA) will be tested for 4 weeks, respectively, with the wash‐out period of 1 4 weeks between the treatment periods of the two drugs. For another fifty six COPD patients with GOLD 3 or 4, the effect of inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) and phosphodiesterase E4 inhibitor (PDE4I) will respectively be tested similarly. CONDITION: Diseases of th respiratory system PRIMARY OUTCOME: Forced expiratory volume in 1 second SECONDARY OUTCOME: cough/sputum dyspnea score inflammatory biomarker INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients who are diagnosed with COPD ‐ Exertional dyspnea lasts for over a year ‐ Smokers or ex‐smokers with a history of smoking over 10 pack years. ‐ Out‐patients over 45 years of age. ‐ Post‐Bronchodilator FEV1/FVC <0.7 Wash‐out period before enrollment ‐ Patients of GOLD 1/2 can enroll with stopping LAMA and LABA over 4 weeks ‐ Patients of GOLD 3/4 can enroll with stopping ICS and PDE4I over 4 weeks. ‐ GOLD 3/4<Post BDR Fev1 % predicted 50=GOLD1/2
 TOLERABILITY AND EFFICACY OF REVEFENACIN WHEN ADMINISTERED WITH FORMOTEROL VIA NEBULIZATION;  SESSION TITLE: Tuesday Electronic Posters 4 SESSION TYPE: Original Inv Poster Discussion PRESENTED ON: 10/22/2019 01:00 PM ‐ 02:00 PM PURPOSE: The Global Initiative for Chronic Obstructive Lung Disease recommends the use of two long‐acting bronchodilators for patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) who remain symptomatic on one long‐acting bronchodilator. No nebulized form of dual bronchodilator exists, but with the approval of once‐daily, long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) revefenacin (REV), it is theoretically possible to deliver a LAMA and long‐acting beta agonist (LABA) such as formoterol (FOR), via standard jet nebulizer. Here, we explore the safety of REV when given either sequentially before, or combined with FOR, via standard jet nebulizer in patients with COPD. METHODS: In this randomized, double‐blind, 2‐period, parallel‐group, 42‐day trial (NCT03573817), 122 patients with moderate to very severe COPD were randomized to REV 175 μg (n=63) or placebo (PBO) (n=59), followed by FOR 20 μg in the morning, and evening, for 21 days via standard jet nebulizer (sequential delivery). Patients continued treatments for another 21 days, however the morning treatments, REV or PBO, and FOR, were given as combined solutions via a single nebulization (combined delivery), and FOR was given in the evening as a single treatment. Patients on inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) at baseline were allowed to continue ICS during the trial. The primary objective was to establish the safety profile of REV and FOR nebulized therapy over each 3‐week treatment period, as assessed by adverse events (AEs), serious AEs (SAEs), laboratory monitoring, electrocardiogram, and vital signs. Forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) was measured at baseline and on days 21 and 42. RESULTS: Patients (mean age 64 years, 57% men, 95% white, 57% smokers) had a mean FEV1 of 55% predicted and 24% were on ICS. AEs were minimal across all groups: REV‐FOR sequential (oropharyngeal pain [1.6%]); PBO‐FOR sequential (COPD [3.4%], dizziness [3.4%]); REV‐FOR combined (COPD [1.6%]); PBO‐FOR combined (cough [3.6%], oropharyngeal pain [1.6%]). There were no SAEs or changes in heart rate (HR), QT corrected for HR using Fridericia’s method, vital signs, or laboratory results reported in any group. In the REV‐FOR sequential, PBO‐FOR sequential, REV‐FOR combined, and PBO‐FOR combined groups, the least squares mean in trough FEV1 vs baseline over each 3‐week treatment period were 157.1 mL, 53.3 mL, 115.6 mL, and 35.0 mL, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: REV had a safety profile similar to FOR alone when given either sequentially before, or combined with, FOR via standard jet nebulizer. Trough FEV1 response was similar when REV was given sequentially or combined with FOR, with REV providing an additional 81–104 mL improvements over FOR alone. CLINICAL IMPLICATIONS: Sequential or combined delivery of a LAMA and LABA via a standard jet nebulizer could be a treatment option for patients with COPD. DISCLOSURES: No relevant relationships by Chris Barnes, source=Web Response Employee relationship with Theravance Biopharma Please note: >$100000 Added 03/14/2019 by Glenn Crater, source=Web Response, value=Salary Own Stock relationship with Theravance Biopharma Please note: >$100000 Added 03/14/2019 by Glenn Crater, source=Web Response, value=Stock Employee relationship with Theravance Biopharma US, Inc Please note: >$100000 Added 03/14/2019 by Glenn Crater, source=Web Response, value=Stock Employee relationship with Theravance Biopharma Please note: >$100000 Added 03/14/2019 by Edmund Moran, source=Web Response, value=Stock Research Funding relationship with West‐Ward Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 03/13/2019 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Research Funding relationship with Theravance Biopharma Please note: >$100000 Added 03/13/2019 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Research Funding relationship with GSK Please note: >$100000 Added 03/13/2019 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Research Funding relationship with Pearl Please note: >$100000 Added 03/13/2019 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Research Funding relationship with Chiesi Please note: >$100000 Added 03/13/2019 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Research Funding relationship with AZ Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 03/13/2019 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Research Funding relationship with Novartis Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 03/13/2019 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Research Funding relationship with Forest Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 03/13/2019 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Research Funding relationship with Proterix Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 03/13/2019 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Research Funding relationship with Seer Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 03/13/2019 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Research Funding relationship with Vapotherm Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 03/13/2019 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support No relevant relationships by Jang Yun, source=Web Response
 Therapeutic Effect of PBF-680 in Patients With COPD;  This is a Phase IIa, randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, parallel‐group study to investigate the effect of the oral adenosine A1 receptor antagonist PBF‐680 in patients with moderate to severe COPD over 4 weeks on top of the standard medication. It is planned to enroll approximately 114 patients at 8 sites with a target of 102 participants completing 4 weeks of treatment and key study assessments. The study comprises 5 visits: screening (Visit 1), randomization (Visit 2), 15 days‐treatment visit (Visit 3), end of study visit (Visit 4) and follow up visit (visit 5). Patients will be screened for eligibility (Visit 1). After the screening visit, patients will be instructed to continue at the same COPD standard medication (long‐acting bronchodilators (long acting beta2‐agonists [LABA] and/or long‐acting muscarinic antagonists [LAMA]) and inhaled corticosteroids. Albuterol/salbutamol may be used as needed but must be held for at least 8 hours before a study visit. Eligible patients will then return for Visit 2. The pre‐dose FEV1 must be within 20% and 400ml of the predose FEV1 at the screening visit. Patients will be assessed for inclusion into the study, and if appropriate will be randomized to one of the two treatment arms. They will receive the first dose of study medication (PBF‐680 or placebo) in the clinic (morning on fasting conditions) and have 3 spirometry performed in a timeframe of 3 hours. Patients will be discharged from the clinic, having been instructed to use the study medication on a once‐a‐day basis and in fasting conditions. The subject must record in a diary the daily self‐administration of the study medication. The patient's diary will be provided together with the medication package dispensed on visit V2. The subject must be instructed to bring the medication package with all blisters to the site on visits V3 and V4. Patients will return for 1 interim visit (Visit 3). At this visit, patients will bring the study medication pack containing the empty blisters and unused study medication. The dose of the study medication will be administered in the clinic. Spirometries will be performed at predose and 3h hour post dose. At the final study visit (Visit 4), patients will be resident at the study center from the morning until at least 3 hours after dosing to allow for monitoring of lung function and study closeout procedures. A follow‐up visit (Visit 5) will occur 2 weeks after the final study visit as a safety follow‐up.
 The rs4713916 Polymorphism of the FKBP5 Gene May Predict Responsiveness to Triple Therapy in COPD Patients;  Introduction: Response to treatment with inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) is related to genetic variation among COPD patients. Various single‐nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) have been identified in the glucocorticoid‐induced transcript 1 (GLCCI1) gene and the related co‐chaperone FKBP5 gene. The aim of our study was to investigate whether the variants of the aforementioned genes are related to COPD phenotypes, lung function and ICS efficacy. Method: A total of 165 patients with COPD, GOLD stage B‐D, subjects of the HISTORIC study, a randomized, placebocontrolled, double‐blind, investigator‐initiated trial aiming to study the hypothesis that high ASMC area in COPD patients is associated to steroid responsiveness were included in our study. The rs37973 polymorphism of the GLCCI1 gene and the rs4713916 polymorphism of the FKBP5 were analyzed by real‐time PCRTAQMAN SNP Genotyping Assay. Results: There was no significant deviation from the allele frequencies predicted by the Hardy‐Weinberg equilibrium with what we observed for both SNPs (p=0.736 and p=0.343, respectively). COPD patients who responded better to triple therapy with long‐acting beta 2 agonists (LABA), long‐acting muscarinic antagonists (LAMA) and ICS presented a higher prevalence of the A allele (odds ratio=3.2, p=0.013). Patients who did not respond to triple therapy were found to be enriched in G allele (p=0.007). These patients had also a worse diffusion capacity (p=0.014). Conclusion: The results of our study suggest a potential association of the FKBP5 gene polymorphism (rs4713916) with responsiveness to ICS in patients with COPD.
 Pharmacologic treatments for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a mixed-treatment comparison meta-analysis;  STUDY OBJECTIVE: To assess the comparative efficacy of pharmacologic agents for the maintenance treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). DESIGN: Traditional and mixed‐treatment comparison (MTC) meta‐analyses of randomized controlled trials. PATIENTS: A total of 31,020 patients with COPD from 43 trials. MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: A systematic literature search of various databases (through October 2007) was performed to identify randomized controlled trials of long‐acting beta(2)‐agonists, tiotropium, inhaled corticosteroids, and/or combination therapy with an inhaled corticosteroid and a long‐acting beta(2)‐agonist in patients with COPD. Forty‐three trials were included. Both meta‐analyses were used to evaluate the occurrence of one or more episodes of COPD exacerbation, overall mortality, and patient withdrawal rates. With MTC analysis, long‐acting beta(2)‐agonists, tiotropium, inhaled corticosteroids, and combination inhaled corticosteroid‐long‐acting beta(2)‐agonist therapy each decreased the odds of having an exacerbation by 16%, 31%, 15%, and 24%, respectively, compared with placebo. Moreover, tiotropium use reduced the odds of having at least one exacerbation by 18% compared with long‐acting beta(2)‐agonists and by 19% compared with inhaled corticosteroids alone. Each of the four drug classes was associated with significant odds reductions in patient withdrawals (26‐41%) compared with placebo, and both tiotropium and combination therapy significantly decreased the odds of patient withdrawals compared with long‐acting beta(2)‐agonists or inhaled corticosteroids alone. Only combination therapy was associated with a mortality benefit, showing a 29% reduction compared with placebo and a 25% reduction compared with long‐acting beta(2)‐agonists alone. Compared with combination therapy, tiotropium use reduced exacerbations by 9% and increased mortality by only 4%. These findings did not demonstrate significant changes in the sensitivity or subgroup analyses, which were performed to evaluate the effect of heterogeneity among the included studies. CONCLUSIONS: Combination inhaled corticosteroid‐long‐acting beta(2)‐agonist therapy was associated with the greatest positive effect on outcomes in patients with COPD. Of the bronchodilator monotherapies, tiotropium was associated with lower odds of having a COPD exacerbation or withdrawal from a study compared with long‐acting beta(2)‐agonists.
 Study of Effect of CSJ117 on Symptoms, Pharmacodynamics and Safety in Patients With COPD;  This is a randomized, participant‐ and investigator‐blinded, placebo‐controlled, parallel group, multicenter study with two fixed‐dose levels of CSJ117 (4 mg, 8 mg) administered once‐daily via oral inhalation over 12 weeks in participants with COPD, prone for exacerbations and symptomatic at baseline despite background maintenance triple therapy (inhaled corticosteroids/long acting beta‐2 agonist/long acting muscarinic antagonist (ICS/LABA/LAMA) combination, standard of care in this population) for at least three months prior to screening. The study will include: ‐ Screening period of up to 2 weeks to assess eligibility. ‐ Run‐in period of 4 weeks where participants will be placed on fixed‐dose triple background therapy (ICS/LABA/LAMA) that will be used until the patient's last study treatment. ‐ Treatment period of 12 weeks. Participants will be stratified by eosinophil levels and then randomized 1:1:1 to either 4 mg CSJ117, 8 mg CSJ117, or placebo. ‐ Follow‐up period of 55 days following the last dose of study drug. The primary objective of the study is to assess the effect of CSJ117 on disease/symptom burden after 12 weeks of treatment.
 Interpretation of safety findings in clinical effectiveness trials: insights from the salford lung study (SLS COPD);  Rationale: SLS COPD was a 12‐month, open‐label, phase 3b, pragmatic randomized controlled trial (RCT) comparing effectiveness and safety of once‐daily inhaled fluticasone furoate/vilanterol (FF/VI) with existing maintenance therapy (usual care; UC) in routine clinical practice in a large inclusive COPD patient population. Insights from SLS COPD were used to describe and interpret the particularities of the SLS COPD safety data. Safety outcomes were compared with two 12‐month double‐blind (DB) RCTs of FF/VI to interpret differences between clinical effectiveness versus efficacy trials.1 Methods: SLS COPD recruited patients aged ≥40 years, with a GP diagnosis of COPD, ≥1 COPD exacerbation in the last 3 years, using inhaled corticosteroids, long‐acting beta agonists and long‐acting muscarinic antagonists alone or in combination.2 Minimal exclusion criteria were applied, resulting in the inclusion of patients with multiple comorbidities. Patients initiated FF/VI (100/25μg) or continued UC. Safety was monitored using the patients' entire electronic health record (EHR). Pneumonia serious adverse events of special interest (SAESI) were defined using a comprehensive list of preferred terms. In contrast, the DBRCTs compared the efficacy and safety of FF/VI at 3 doses versus VI alone, had restrictive inclusion/exclusion criteria (38% of patients excluded at screening in DBCRTs; 11% in SLS COPD), and collected all AEs and SAEs. Results: In SLS COPD, there were no differences in SAEs and SAEs of pneumonia (as defined by all relevant reported terms) between FF/VI and UC. Incidence of SAEs/fatal SAEs was higher in SLS COPD versus the DBRCTs (Table). The pattern of SAEs and adverse drug reactions (ADRs) in SLS COPD was as expected for this medicine class. Conclusions: In SLS COPD, the higher incidence of SAEs and fatal SAEs is likely due to enrolment of patients with multiple and sometimes severe or undiagnosed comorbidities. Differences in causality rates associated with FF/VI versus UC may relate to: the open‐label nature of the study, that FF/VI was unlicensed at study commencement (and when licensed, was a new medicine and unfamiliar to investigators), the SAE detection method (EHR) and that patients in the UC arm continued on their pre‐study medication at the point of randomisation. The open‐label design and conduct of SLS COPD, enrolling patients with many comorbidities and using EHRs for real‐time safety monitoring, sets a precedent for the evaluation of future treatments. (Table Presented).
 Efficacy evaluation of Tiotropium Respimat with AeroChamber Plus;  INTERVENTION: Inhalation of Tiotropium Respimat with AeroChamber Plus Inhalation of Tiotropium Respimat without AeroChamber Plus CONDITION: COPD PRIMARY OUTCOME: Change of forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) after inhalation therapy INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Patients >= 20 years of age with a diagnosis of stage 1 ‐ 3 COPD. 2. Patients continuing use of tiotropium respimat. 3. Patients planning to start tiotropium respimat. 4. Patients who are not using long acting be‐ta 2‐agonist (LABA) or inhaled corticosteroid (ICS)/LABA combination.
 Efficacy of new bronchodilators in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  Background: In the initial phases of COPD with bronchoreactivity therapeutic treatment is based on inhaled bronchodilatators beta2 agonist and anticholinergics while ICS are indicated in the final phases of disease. and/or when symptons are insufficiently controlled by bronchodilatators therapy. Recently in Italy a new Long action LABA and long‐acting muscarinic antagonist were proposed in COLDs treatment. Materials and Methods: In open territorial, 25‐week study we proposed to 38 COPDs with bronchoreativity positive Test (over 64; 6F and 32M) already at least 2 years in treatment with LABA and ICS, a change of therapy with new long activity beta agonist and a long acting muscarinic antagonist. After program acceptance and Informed Consens signing, for each patients were randomized basal and periodic forced expiratory capacity volume in 1 second (FEV1), FVC, CAT, TDI, PIF, and PEF and were monitored AE, exacerbations, self‐managment skills, subjective symptoms instrumental and clinical with periodic controls, montly for 6 months. Results: A total 38 COLDs were randomized, 35 completed the study. 58% of cases were indicative for significant and constant improuvment in bronchodilatation with documented improuvment of subjective, instrumental and clinical parameters; 42% demonstred only subjective, instrumental and clinical stactionary condictions. Conclusions: In COLDs in A/B stadies once‐day coadministration of IND+GLY show a good compliance, efficacy bronchodilatation, improvement of subjective, instrumental and clinical parameters, AE and exacerbattions limitations and provides sustained improvement in COLDs centered outcomes.
 A Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Astegolimab in Patients with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD);  INTERVENTION: Product Name: Astegolimab Product Code: RO7187807 Pharmaceutical Form: Solution for injection INN or Proposed INN: Astegolimab CAS Number: 2173054‐79‐8 Other descriptive name: Astegolimab, anti‐ ST2 (IgG2) human monoclonal antibody Concentration unit: mg/ml milligram(s)/millilitre Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 140‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Solution for injection Route of administration of the placebo: Subcutaneous use CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) ; MedDRA version: 21.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10077773 Term: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease exacerbation System Organ Class: 100000004855 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To evaluate the effect of astegolimab compared with placebo, on annualized rate of moderate and severe acute exacerbations of COPD over 52 weeks of treatment Primary end point(s): 1.Annualized rate of moderate and severe COPD exacerbations over the 52‐week treatment period Secondary Objective: •To evaluate the effect of astegolimab compared with placebo on time to first moderate or severe COPD exacerbation; •To evaluate the effect of astegolimab compared with placebo on St George’s Respiratory Questionnaire; •To evaluate the effect of astegolimab compared with placebo on post‐bronchodilator forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1); •To evaluate the effect of astegolimab compared with placebo on Evaluating Respiratory Symptoms in COPD (E‐RS:COPD) ; •To evaluate the effect of astegolimab compared with placebo on annualized rate of severe COPD exacerbations; •To evaluate the effects of astegolimab compared with placebo on safety Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Up to Week 52 SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): 1. Time to first moderate or severe COPD exacerbation during the 52‐week treatment period; 2. Absolute change from baseline in HRQoL at Week 52, as assessed through the St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire‐COPD (SGRQ‐C) total score ; 3. Proportion of patients with improvement in HRQoL, defined as a decrease from baseline of >/=4 points in SGRQ‐C total score, at Week 52 ; 4. Absolute change from baseline in post‐bronchodilator FEV1 (liters) at Week 52; 5. Absolute change from baseline in E‐RS:COPD total score at Week 52 ; 6. Annualized rate of severe COPD exacerbations over the 52‐week treatment period ; 7. Incidence and severity of adverse events Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 1. Up to Week 52 ; 2‐5. Baseline to Week 52; 6. Up to Week 52; 7. Up to Week 62 INCLUSION CRITERIA: •Age 40‐90 years •Documented physician diagnosis of COPD for at least 12 months •History of frequent exacerbations, defined as having had two or more moderate or severe exacerbations occurring within a 12‐month period in the 24 months prior to screening •Post‐bronchodilator FEV1 >=20 and <80% of predicted normal value at screening •Modified Medical Research Council (dyspnea scale) (mMRC) score >=2 •Current or former smoker with a minimum of 10 pack‐year history •History of one of the following combinations of optimized, stable, standard‐of‐care COPD maintenance therapy for at least 4 weeks prior to screening, with no anticipated changes in therapy prior to initiation of study drug and throughout the study: ‐Inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) plus long‐acting beta‐agonist (LABA) ‐Long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) plus LABA ‐ICS plus LAMA plus LABA Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F
 Revefenacin, a once-daily, long-acting muscarinic antagonist for nebulized therapy of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD): results of a 52-week safety and tolerability phase 3 trial in participants with moderate to very severe COPD;  RATIONALE Prior replicate 12‐week pivotal Phase 3 trials demonstrated that once‐daily doses of revefenacin inhalation solution (REV) at 88 μg and 175 μg produced significant bronchodilation in patients with moderate to very severe COPD. We report the results of a 52‐ week Phase 3 trial examining the safety and tolerability of REV. METHODS In this randomized, parallel group 52‐week trial (NCT02518139), 1055 participants with moderate to very severe COPD received REV 88 μg (n=364), 175 μg (n=335) in a double‐blind manner, or open‐label active control tiotropium (TIO) (n=356). Subjects were permitted concurrent long‐acting beta agonist (LABA) or inhaled corticosteroids (ICS)/LABA therapy. The primary objective was to determine the safety profile of revefenacin over 52 weeks of treatment as determined by adverse events (AEs), serious AEs (SAEs), lab monitoring, exacerbations, and major adverse cardiac events (MACE) determined by blinded adjudication. RESULTS Subjects (mean age 64 years, 58% male, 93% white, 46% smokers) had a mean forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) of 54% of predicted and 50% of subjects were taking either concurrent LABA (2.2%) or ICS/LABA (47.8%) therapy. AEs and SAEs are shown in Table. Instances of MACE were similar between groups, and mortality was low and balanced (1 on treatment death per arm) in the study. Numerically fewer COPD exacerbations were observed in the REV 175 μg group than in the other two treatment groups. A lower incidence of dry mouth was noted in the REV treatment groups (≤0.9%) versus active‐control tiotropium (2.8%). CONCLUSIONS In a trial population containing a broad range of disease severity, revefenacin was generally well‐tolerated over 1 year of treatment, and has a profile that supports its use as a long‐term once‐daily bronchodilator for the nebulized treatment of COPD.
 Randomized controlled trial of glycopyrronium added to fixed combination salmeterol-fluticasone in COPD: primary care and specialist site differences in the glisten study;  The GLISTEN trial studied triple therapy in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD). The study conduct was unique as it was a multicentre trial conducted across primary care (PC) and specialist sites. It assessed the efficacy of adding long‐acting muscarinic antagonists to a fixed‐dose combined inhaled corticosteroid and long‐acting beta‐agonist. Trial conduct issues and outcomes are described. GLISTEN was a blinded, double‐dummy, randomized controlled trial in patients with moderate to severe COPD comparing glycopyrronium (GLY) 50 mcg once daily (o.d.), tiotropium (TIO) 18 mcg (o.d.) or placebo, added to fluticasone/salmeterol (FLU/SAL) 500/50 mcg twice daily. The primary objective was to determine efficacy of GLY vs TIO (added to FLU/SAL). The target sample size was 510 evaluable patients (84% statistical power) to demonstrate non‐inferiority of GLY to TIO on trough FEV1 after 12 weeks. The study was conducted in Australia and New Zealand (NZ) and recruitment was from specialist and PC sites, the latter supported by dedicated practice study nurses. A total of 1509 patients were screened and 773 randomized (accounting for drop out and deviations) ‐ 267 from 18 specialist centres (14.8/centre) and 506 from 56 PC centre (9.0/centre). Screen failures were greater in PC (54%) than in specialist sites (37%), as were withdrawal rates: PC (17%) versus specialist (11%). However on a per centre basis drop outs at specialist sites (1.6) did not differ from PC (1.5). Study completion took 20 months. This study showed the feasibility of recruiting COPD patients through PC as well as specialist sites in Australia and NZ. Specific strategies were needed to achieve randomization targets in primary care but this approach seems likely to provide a more representative sample of COPD patients.
 Late-breaking abstract: glycopyrronium once-daily significantly improves lung function and health status when added to fluticasone/salmeterol in patients with COPD: the GLISTEN study;  The GLISTEN trial studied triple therapy ‐ long‐acting muscarinic antagonist added to fixed‐dose combined inhaled corticosteroid and long‐acting beta2‐agonist ‐ in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD). GLISTEN was a randomised blinded placebo controlled trial in patients with moderate to severe COPD comparing glycopyrronium (GLY) 50 μg, tiotropium (TIO) 18 μg or placebo (each once‐daily), added to fluticasone/salmeterol (FLU/SAL) 500/50 μg twice daily. The primary objective was to determine non‐inferiority of GLY vs TIO (added to FLU/SAL) on trough FEV1 after 12 wks. A total of 773 patients (mean age 68 yrs; post‐bronchodilator FEV1 57.2% predicted) were randomized, 84.9% completed. At week 12, GLY demonstrated non‐inferiority to TIO when added to FLU/SAL for trough FEV1: least square mean treatment difference (LMS diff) ‐7ml (SE 17.4), with statistically and clinically significant improvements in trough FEV1 at Week 12 with GLY added to FLU/SAL versus FLU/SAL alone (LSM diff 101ml, p<0.001). GLY (added to FLU/SAL) produced statistically significant improvement in health status after 12 wks versus FLU/SAL alone (SGRQ total score LMS diff ‐2.154, p=0.02). GLY (added to FLU/SAL) also demonstrated significant reduction in rescue medication use versus FLU/SAL alone (LSM diff ‐0.72 puffs/day; p<0.001). The incidence of adverse events (AEs) (58.4%, 64%, 57.6%) and serious AEs (5.8%, 8.5%, 5.8%) was comparable between GLY, TIO and placebo (added to FLU/SAL), respectively. Compared to FLU/SAL alone, GLY 50 μg added onto FLU/SAL demonstrated significant improvements in lung function, health status and rescue medication use.
 Effects of Adding Tiotropium or Aclidinium as Triple Therapy Using Impulse Oscillometry in COPD;  INTRODUCTION: Long‐acting muscarinic antagonists confer improvements in spirometry when used in addition to inhaled corticosteroids and long‐acting beta‐agonists (ICS/LABA) in COPD. The dual objectives of this proof of concept study were to evaluate trough effects of tiotropium (TIO) or aclidinium (ACL) when used as triple therapy and to assess if impulse oscillometry (IOS) might be more sensitive than spirometry in detecting subtle differences in bronchodilator response. METHODS: Patients with moderate to severe COPD already taking ICS/LABA were randomized to receive add‐on therapy in cross‐over fashion with either TIO 18 µg od or ACL 322 µg bid for 2‐3 weeks each. Measurements of IOS, spirometry, 6‐min walk test, St George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) and Baseline/Transition Dyspnoea Index (TDI) were made at baseline and after chronic dosing at trough (12 h for ACL and 24 h for TIO), in addition to domiciliary diurnal spirometry. RESULTS: 13 patients were completed: mean age 69 years, FEV1 52 % predicted, FEV1/FVC 0.48, and R5 202 % predicted. There were no differences in any visit‐based trough IOS or spirometry outcomes comparing TIO versus ACL. Resonant frequency but not total airway resistance at 5 Hz (R5) significantly improved from baseline with both treatments while peripheral airway resistance (R5‐R20) significantly improved with ACL. Visit‐based FEV1, and forced and relaxed vital capacity were also significantly improved from baseline with both treatments. There were no significant differences in diurnal FEV1 and FEV6 profiles between treatments. 6‐min walk distance and post‐walk fatigue significantly improved from baseline with ACL, while post‐walk dyspnea improved with TIO. SGRQ symptom score significantly improved to a similar degree with both treatments. TDI significantly improved with ACL versus TIO by 1.54 units. CONCLUSION: We observed comparable bronchodilator efficacy at trough with TIO and ACL when used as triple therapy in COPD, while IOS was no more sensitive than spirometry.
 Comparative Effects of LAMA-LABA-ICS vs LAMA-LABA for COPD: cohort Study in Real-World Clinical Practice;  BACKGROUND: Triple therapy combinations of a long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA), a long‐acting beta2‐agonist (LABA), and an inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) for COPD were studied in randomized trials and observational studies, with variable results. We compared the effectiveness and safety of triple therapy with a LAMA‐LABA combination in a real‐world clinical practice setting. METHODS: We identified a cohort of patients with COPD during 2002 through 2015, ≥ 55 years of age, from the UK's Clinical Practice Research Datalink. Patients initiating LAMA‐LABA‐ICS were matched 4:1 on time‐conditional propensity scores with patients initiating LAMA‐LABA, and followed for 1 year for the occurrence of a moderate or severe COPD exacerbation and severe pneumonia. RESULTS: The cohort included 6,921 initiators of LAMA‐LABA‐ICS matched to 1,932 initiators of LAMA‐LABA. The adjusted hazard ratio (HR) of a COPD exacerbation associated with LAMA‐LABA‐ICS initiation compared with LAMA‐LABA initiation was 0.97 (95% CI, 0.87‐1.08). For patients with blood eosinophil counts > 6%, the HR was 0.66 (95% CI, 0.46‐0.94). For patients with two or more prior exacerbations, it was 0.83 (95% CI, 0.70‐0.98). The incidence of severe pneumonia requiring hospitalization was increased with LAMA‐LABA‐ICS initiation (HR, 1.46; 95% CI, 1.03‐2.06). CONCLUSIONS: In a real‐world setting of COPD treatment, the triple combination of LAMA, LABA, and ICS inhalers is generally as effective as combining LAMA and LABA inhalers in preventing COPD exacerbations. However, with the possible exception of patients with significant eosinophilia or frequent exacerbators, a LAMA‐LABA combination without ICS may be preferable because it is associated with fewer severe cases of pneumonia.
 Risk factors for COPD exacerbations in inhaled medication users: the COPDGene study biannual longitudinal follow-up prospective cohort;  Background: Despite inhaled medications that decrease exacerbation risk, some COPD patients experience frequent exacerbations. We determined prospective risk factors for exacerbations among subjects in the COPDGene Study taking inhaled medications. Methods: 2113 COPD subjects were categorized into four medication use patterns: triple therapy with tiotropium (TIO) plus long‐acting beta‐agonist/inhaled‐corticosteroid (ICS ± LABA), tiotropium alone, ICS ± LABA, and short‐acting bronchodilators. Self‐reported exacerbations were recorded in telephone and web‐based longitudinal follow‐up surveys. Associations with exacerbations were determined within each medication group using four separate logistic regression models. A head‐to‐head analysis compared exacerbation risk among subjects using tiotropium vs. ICS ± LABA. Results: In separate logistic regression models, the presence of gastroesophageal reflux, female gender, and higher scores on the St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire were significant predictors of exacerbator status within multiple medication groups (reflux: OR 1.62‐2.75; female gender: OR 1.53 ‐ OR 1.90; SGRQ: OR 1.02‐1.03). Subjects taking either ICS ± LABA or tiotropium had similar baseline characteristics, allowing comparison between these two groups. In the head‐to‐head comparison, tiotropium users showed a trend towards lower rates of exacerbations (OR = 0.69 [95 % CI 0.45, 1.06], p = 0.09) compared with ICS ± LABA users, especially in subjects without comorbid asthma (OR = 0.56 [95 % CI 0.31, 1.00], p = 0.05). Conclusions: Each common COPD medication usage group showed unique risk factor patterns associated with increased risk of exacerbations, which may help clinicians identify subjects at risk. Compared to similar subjects using ICS ± LABA, those taking tiotropium showed a trend towards reduced exacerbation risk, especially in subjects without asthma. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT00608764 , first received 1/28/2008.
 Compare the efficacy and safety of long-acting anticholinergic and a combination of inhaled steroids and long-acting beta-2 agonist in moderate chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  INTRODUCTION: The treatment of COPD (Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease) aims to improve the patients's well‐being and to reduce mortality, morbidity and the development of exacerbations. This study was thus designed to compare the efficacy and tolerability of salmeterol/fluticasone combination with tiotropium in patients with moderate COPD. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This was an open, prospective, randomized trial in COPD patients whose FEV1 (forced expiratory volume in 1 second) levels were between 80% and 50% predicted. A total of 44 patients who met the inclusion and exlusion criteria and who gave written informed consent were included in the study. At the end of the two week wash‐out period, the patients were randomized to receive either salmeterol 50 µg/fluticasone 500 µg combination as dry powder inhaler twice daily (SF Group) or tiotropium dry powder inhaler 18 µg once daily (T Group) for one year. These were equally distributed in the two groups (22 patients in each study group). At follow‐up, the patients were required to come to the outpatient clinic at the third, sixth, ninth and twelfth months. RESULT: There were no statistically significant difference between the two groups with regards to demographic features and baseline measurements. There were 1.2 ± 1.7 exacerbations in SF Group and 2.1 ± 2.2 exacerbations in T Group (p= 0.070). The time to the first exacerbation was 4.2 ± 4.0 and 4.2 ± 3.3 months, respectively (p= 0.697). The number of severe exacerbations that resulted in admission to the emergency department or hospital was 0.6 ± 1.0 and 1.1 ± 1.4, respectively (p= 0.245). Significant improvements were observed in CAT (CPOD Assessment Test) scores in both groups during the treatment period (p< 0.0001); but there was no difference between the two groups. CONCLUSIONS: This study has shown that in patients with moderate COPD, treatment with combined corticosteroid and long‐acting beta‐2 agonist provides similar improvements in pulmonary function tests, patient‐reported outcomes and exercise capacity as compared a long‐acting anticholinergics.
 Long-term safety of nebulized formoterol: results of a twelve-month open-label clinical trial;  Formoterol fumarate is a long‐acting beta2‐agonist that is an effective bronchodilator for the maintenance management of patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. The safety profile of the newly developed nebulized formoterol was evaluated over a twelve‐month period in an open‐label, active‐control study. After completing a twelve‐week double‐blind double‐dummy period, 569 subjects with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease entered an open‐label extension study and received twice‐daily 20 microg formoterol fumarate inhalation solution for nebulization (FFIS) or 12 microg formoterol fumarate dry powder inhalation (FA) for 52 weeks. Most of the FFIS‐treated subjects (86%) completed at least six months of open‐label treatment with over 90% compliance, comparable to the FA group (88%). RESULTS: of safety monitoring for adverse events, laboratory values, and cardiac changes were similar between treatment groups. Three hundred forty (73%) of FFIS‐treated subjects and 83 (78%) of FA‐treated subjects experienced an adverse event over the course of the study, the majority of which were mild to moderate and considered unrelated to treatment. COPD exacerbation occurred in 15.8% of FFIS‐treated and 17.9% of FA‐treated subjects. Deaths, serious adverse events, and discontinuations for adverse events occurred in 1.3, 16.2, and 5.4% of the nebulized group versus 1.9, 17.9, and 7.5% of the inhaled group, respectively. There were no clinically important changes from baseline in laboratory tests, including serum potassium and glucose, or vital signs and no treatment‐related increases in cardiac arrhythmias, heart rate, or QTc prolongation. We conclude that nebulized formoterol fumarate twice daily is well tolerated over long‐term treatment in moderate‐to‐severe COPD subjects and has a similar safety profile to the DPI formulation.
 Roflumilast in combination with long-acting bronchodilators in the management of patients with severe and very severe COPD. A cost-effectiveness analysis for Germany;  OBJECTIVE: To calculate the cost‐effectiveness of roflumilast in combination with a long‐acting beta agonist (LABA) versus LABA as a monotherapy in patients with severe and very severe COPD in Germany. METHODS: The cost‐effectiveness of Roflumilast plus LABA vs. LABA as monotherapy was calculated by a long‐term model (Markov). The effectiveness data are based on the clinical trials AURA and HERMES (M2‐124 and M2‐125). Roflumilast plus LABA compared to LABA monotherapy reduced the exacerbation rate by 20.7 % (95 % CI, ‐31,‐9) and improved post‐bronchodilator FEV1 by 46 ml (2). These data were used to calculate the mean life expectancy of the COPD cohort (start age: 64 years). Costs for the treatment of exacerbations in the inpatient setting and the outpatient setting were included in the model. Endpoints were incremental costs per avoided exacerbation and per quality adjusted life year (QALY). The input variables were addressed in sensitivity analyses. German data on epidemiology and management of COPD were to populate the model and the cost‐effectiveness was analyzed from the perspective of German statutory health insurance (SHI). RESULTS: The model predicts a mean life expectancy of 8.1 years for patients with roflumilast plus LABA and 7.8 years for patients with LABA alone. This corresponds with a gain of 0.26 life years or 0.23 QALYs. Within this time span patients receiving roflumilast plus LABA experienced 2.43 exacerbations less than the comparator group. The incremental cost for roflumilast plus LABA is €1,852 per exacerbation avoided and €19,457 per QALY gained. CONCLUSION: The model calculation indicates that the cost‐effectiveness of roflumilast as an add‐on to LABA in patients with severe and very severe COPD is comparable to the cost‐effectiveness of established and reimbursed treatment options in Germany. Analogue consideration of the cost‐effectiveness of the treatment options LAMA, LABA and ICS are advisable.
 A comparative study on inhaled corticosteroids versus placebo in management of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  Introduction: The role of inhaled corticosteroids in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) has been a subject of debate. Recently published meta‐analyses have reported conflicting results on the effect of inhaled steroid therapy in COPD. Aim: To assess the role of inhaled corticosteroid (budesonide ‐ 400 ug) in the management of COPD. Materials and Methods: Fifty Patients with Stage 3 or 4 COPD as per Gold guideline were selected. Patients with pulmonary tuberculosis sequelae, reversibility on pulmonary function test, on inhaler medication, oxygen therapy were excluded. Patients were randomly divided into two groups of 25 each and baseline forced expiratory volume‐first second (FEV1), number of hospitalization and exacerbations were entered. Group A: Long acting beta agonist (formoterol 6ug) + long acting antimuscarinic (tiotropium 18 ug) + placebo, administered using MDI with spacer. Group B: (formoterol 6 ug) + (tiotropium 18 ug) + Inhalational corticosteroid (budesonide 400ug), administered similarly. Patients were reviewed after 6 months and reassessed by FEV1, number of exacerbations/hospitalizations. Data were analyzed using paired t‐test. Results and Discussion: There was 96% reduction in exacerbation rate in group A and 80% in Group B (P < 0.05). Reduction in hospitalization rate was equal in both groups‐48% (P < 0.05). The follow‐up FEV1 at the end of study did not show any statistically significant improvement in both groups. Two cases of pneumonia and candidiasis were detected in Group B. Conclusions: Inhaled corticosteroids do not offer any added advantage in COPD patients with regard to number of exacerbations/hospitalizations, mortality and improvement in FEV1. Patients using inhaled steroids are more predisposed to local side effect like oral candidiasis.
 A comparative study on inhaled corticosteroids versus placebo in management of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  Introduction: The role of inhaled corticosteroids in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) has been a subject of debate. Recently published meta‐analyses have reported conflicting results on the effect of inhaled steroid therapy in COPD. Aim: To assess the role of inhaled corticosteroid (budesonide ‐ 400 ug) in the management of COPD. Materials and Methods: Fifty Patients with Stage 3 or 4 COPD as per Gold guideline were selected. Patients with pulmonary tuberculosis sequelae, reversibility on pulmonary function test, on inhaler medication, oxygen therapy were excluded. Patients were randomly divided into two groups of 25 each and baseline forced expiratory volume‐first second (FEV1), number of hospitalization and exacerbations were entered. Group A: Long acting beta agonist (formoterol 6ug) + long acting antimuscarinic (tiotropium 18 ug) + placebo, administered using MDI with spacer. Group B: (formoterol 6 ug) + (tiotropium 18 ug) + Inhalational corticosteroid (budesonide 400ug), administered similarly. Patients were reviewed after 6 months and reassessed by FEV1, number of exacerbations/hospitalizations. Data were analyzed using paired t‐test. Results and Discussion: There was 96% reduction in exacerbation rate in group A and 80% in Group B (P < 0.05). Reduction in hospitalization rate was equal in both groups‐48% (P < 0.05). The follow‐up FEV1 at the end of study did not show any statistically significant improvement in both groups. Two cases of pneumonia and candidiasis were detected in Group B. Conclusions: Inhaled corticosteroids do not offer any added advantage in COPD patients with regard to number of exacerbations/hospitalizations, mortality and improvement in FEV1. Patients using inhaled steroids are more predisposed to local side effect like oral candidiasis.
 Changes in lung function and health status in patients with COPD treated with tiotropium or salmeterol plus fluticasone;  BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: The effects of tiotropium, a long‐acting anticholinergic drug, were compared with those of the combination of salmeterol, a long‐acting beta(2)‐agonist, and fluticasone, an inhaled corticosteroid, in patients with COPD. METHODS: A 4‐month, randomized, open cross‐over study of tiotropium, 18 microg once daily, versus salmeterol, 50 microg, plus fluticasone, 200 microg, twice daily, was conducted in patients with COPD. Efficacy was assessed by spirometry and responses to the St George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ). After 4 months, patients were asked to select their subsequent therapy and indicate the reasons for their selection. RESULTS: A total of 78 patients completed the study. There were no significant differences in the improvements in FEV(1) or SGRQ scores between the therapies. Similar numbers of patients selected tiotropium (42.3%) and salmeterol plus fluticasone (57.7%). However, those who preferred one of the therapies demonstrated greater improvements in SGRQ scores with that therapy. One subgroup of patients (30.8%) showed greater improvements in dyspnoea and FEV(1) in response to tiotropium, and the other subgroup of patients (35.9%) showed greater improvements in dyspnoea and FEV(1) in response to salmeterol plus fluticasone. Some patients (14.1%) selected salmeterol plus fluticasone because of positive effects on sputum expectoration. CONCLUSIONS: The study was unblinded and the results need to be interpreted with caution. However, tiotropium and salmeterol plus fluticasone had similar overall effects on pulmonary function and SGRQ scores in patients with COPD. Responses to the two therapies were heterogeneous, and the patients who showed greater improvements in FEV(1) or SGRQ scores with one of the therapies preferred it for their subsequent treatment.
 Steroid Withdrawal Intervention in Fife and Tayside;  Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is the third leading cause of death worldwide and a major cause of morbidity in the UK. Inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) are frequently prescribed to patients with COPD and these medications represent a major burden on the National Health Service in terms of drug costs. They are not without side effects, and pneumonia in particularly has been highlighted as a common adverse event in COPD patients receiving ICS. In the UK, inhaled corticosteroids are indicated for patients with severe or very severe COPD (Forced expiratory volume in 1 second <50% predicted) who experience frequent exacerbations. International guidelines and strategies such as those from Global Obstructive Lung Disease (GOLD), also suggest inhaled corticosteroids should be reserved for patients with frequent exacerbations despite appropriate treatment with inhaled bronchodilators such as combined long acting beta‐agonists and long acting muscarinic antagonists (LABA/LAMA combinations). Despite this guidance, use of inhaled corticosteroids in patients with milder COPD and without a history of exacerbations is common. Randomised controlled trials suggest that inhaled corticosteroids can be withdrawn from COPD patients with minimal adverse effects. Attempts to reduce inappropriate ICS prescribing have been largely unsuccessful in real‐life, however, because of "non‐evidence barriers". These include a lack of expertise in general practice to identify patients suitable for ICS withdrawal, fear of adrenal insufficiency, concern about missing a diagnosis of asthma and time. A high proportion of COPD care in the United Kingdom is delivered by specialist practice nurses, who may not be empowered to withdraw ICS in the absence of specific guidance or protocols. The SWIFT trial is a cluster randomised trial to determine if a patient identification, feedback and ICS withdrawal intervention in primary care can result in more appropriate inhaled corticosteroid use without increasing the frequency of exacerbations. Practices in Tayside and Fife will be randomised at practice level to an intervention or control. The intervention will consist of electronic review of patients COPD data and prescribing history, followed by implementation of a medication change involving withdrawal of ICS and introduction of a LABA/LAMA for patients without an indication for ongoing ICS treatment. Patients in control practices will not receive the intervention, but practices will be provided with local guidelines and formulary and encouraged to prescribe appropriately. Patients in the control practices may be switched to guideline compliant medications (which may include the withdrawal of inhaled corticosteroids). Our hypothesis is that the above "non‐evidence barriers" will result in an ongoing high inappropriate use of ICS in control practices while an intervention that overcomes these will result in high rates of ICS withdrawal and that the intervention will be safe, as evidenced by no increase in the frequency of exacerbations over 12 months of follow‐up. This study will make an important contribution to understanding the role of inhaled corticosteroids in COPD. If successful, the intervention could be safely applied throughout the NHS to reduce inappropriate medication use, reduce patient side effects and healthcare costs.
 Effects of indacaterol on lung volumes and physical activity in moderate chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  Rationale: Indacaterol is a long‐acting beta‐2 agonist for once‐daily treatment of COPD. Here we assessed the effects of Indacaterol on lung volumes compared with placebo and Tiotropium, and measured physical activity during treatment with Indacaterol and matched placebo. Methods: We performed a randomized, three‐period, cross‐over study (21 days of treatment separated by two wash‐out periods of 14 days) with 150μg Indacaterol or matching placebo and 18μg Tiotropium (open‐label). Lung function was measured by bodyplethysmography linked with slow spirometry, and forced spirometry. Physical activity was measured by a multisensory armband over a period of one week at the end of both treatment periods with Indacaterol/matched placebo. The primary endpoint was peak inspiratory capacity (IC) at the end of each treatment. Secondary endpoints included inspiratory reserve volume (IRV), total lung capacity (TLC), residual volume (RV), specific resistance of the airways (sRaw), forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1), steps per day, and minutes of moderate activity per day. Results: 129 patients (mean age, 61 years; mean FEV1, 64%), were randomized and 109 patients completed the study. Peak IC was 0.19L greater under treatment with Indacaterol compared to placebo (p<0.001). Similar results were observed for Tiotropium. Both bronchodilators significantly improved IRV, TLC, RV, sRaw, and FEV1 compared with placebo. Patients treated with Indacaterol performed 7341 steps per day (95% CI: 6843‐7838) versus 6618 (95% CI: 6162‐7074) with placebo (p=0.019). Minutes of moderate activity per day were 125 (95% CI: 106‐145) during treatment with Indacaterol versus 97 (95% CI: 79‐114) with Placebo (p=0.017). Conclusion: 150μg Indacaterol and 18μg Tiotropium had similar overall effects on lung hyperinflation and airway obstruction compared with placebo in moderate COPD. Physical activity significantly improved in patients during treatment with Indacaterol compared with placebo.
 The Canadian Optimal Therapy of COPD Trial: design, organization and patient recruitment;  BACKGROUND: There are no published studies that have assessed whether adding long‐acting beta 2‐agonist bronchodilators and/or inhaled steroids to chronic therapy with tiotropium would provide additional clinical benefit to patients with moderate to severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). METHODS: The Canadian Optimal Therapy of COPD Trial is a randomized, prospective, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, multicentre trial funded by the Canadian Institutes of Health Research that has been designed to determine which combination of inhaled medications will most effectively prevent exacerbations and optimize disease‐specific quality of life in patients with COPD. The trial is the first to evolve from the Canadian Thoracic Society Clinical Trials Group. The study will randomize 432 patients with moderate to severe COPD to one of three parallel treatment arms for 52 weeks: tiotropium and fluticasone/salmeterol; tiotropium and salmeterol; or tiotropium and placebo inhaler. The participants will be allowed to use salbutamol as required throughout the trial period. OUTCOMES: The primary outcome measure is the proportion of patients in the three treatment groups who experienced a respiratory exacerbation within 52 weeks of randomization. Other outcomes that will be assessed over the 52‐week trial period will include: changes in disease‐specific quality of life and changes in dyspnea, health care use and changes in lung function. A pharmacoeconomic analysis will also be performed to evaluate the cost of these therapies. RESULTS: The study commenced recruitment in October 2003. It is currently operating at 22 centres across Canada and has randomized 137 patients during the first four months of recruitment. Recruitment is scheduled to continue until April 2005 or until 432 patients have been randomized. CONCLUSION: The present randomized, placebo‐controlled trial offers a unique opportunity to answer the question, what is the best combination of inhaled medications to use for COPD patients? It is hoped that optimal use of inhaled medications will improve patient health and quality of life, reduce patient respiratory exacerbations, and ultimately, reduce health care resource use.
 Once-daily glycopyrronium significantly improves lung function and health status and is comparable to tiotropium when added to fluticasone/salmeterol in COPD patients: the glisten study;  The GLISTEN trial studied triple therapy ‐ long‐acting muscarinic antagonist added to fixed‐dose combined inhaled corticosteroid and long‐acting beta2‐ agonist ‐ in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD). GLISTEN was a randomized blinded placebo controlled trial in patients with moderate to severe COPD comparing glycopyrronium (GLY) 50 μg, tiotropium (TIO) 18 μg or placebo (each once‐daily), added to fluticasone/salmeterol (FLU/SAL) 500/50 μg twice daily. The primary objective was to determine non‐inferiority of GLY vs TIO (added to FLU/SAL) on trough FEV1 after 12 wks. In addition the study assessed efficacy of the 'triple therapy' GLY + FLU/SAL versus FLU/SAL alone. A total of 773 patients (mean age 68 yrs; post‐bronchodilator FEV1 57.2% predicted) were randomized, 84.9% completed. At week 12, GLY demonstrated non‐inferiority to TIO when added to FLU/SAL for trough FEV1: least square mean treatment difference (LMS diff) ‐7 ml (SE 17.4), with statistically and clinically significant improvements in trough FEV1 at Week 12 with GLY + FLU/SAL versus FLU/SAL alone (LSM diff 101 ml, p < 0.001). GLY + FLU/SAL produced statistically significant improvement in health status after 12 wks versus FLU/SAL alone (SGRQ total score LMS diff ‐2.154, p = 0.02). GLY + FLU/SAL also demonstrated significant reduction in rescue medication use versus FLU/SAL alone (LSM diff ‐0.72 puffs/day; p < 0.001). The incidence of adverse events (AEs) (58.4%, 64%, 57.6%) and serious AEs (5.8%, 8.5%, 5.8%) was comparable between GLY, TIO and placebo (added to FLU/SAL), respectively. Once‐daily GLY demonstrated similar effects to TIO when both were added to FLU/SAL in patients with moderate and severe COPD. Compared to FLU/ SAL alone, GLY + FLU/SAL demonstrated significant improvements in lung function, health status and rescue medication use.
 Efficacy Of Roflumilast In Patients Receiving Concomitant Treatments For Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease Over 12 Months;  RATIONALE: The oral, selective phosphodiesterase 4 inhibitor roflumilast improves lung function and reduces exacerbations in patients with severe‐to‐very severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and improves lung function and other clinical outcomes in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD who are receiving concomitant long‐acting inhaled bronchodilators. We analyzed data from two 12‐month studies that investigated the effect of roflumilast on the rate of moderate or severe exacerbations in patients with severe‐to‐very severe COPD. Our aim was to investigate whether the effect of roflumilast is influenced by concomitant maintenance treatment with bronchodilators (long‐acting beta2 agonist [LABA] or short‐acting muscarinic antagonist [SAMA]) or by treatment with inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) prior to randomization. METHODS: M2‐124 and M2‐125 were identically designed, double‐blind, randomized studies, allowing the pooling of data. Patients with severe‐to‐very severe COPD associated with cough and sputum production (chronic bronchitis) and a history of exacerbations were randomly assigned to either roflumilast 500 μg once daily (n=1537) or placebo once daily (n=1554) for 12 months. Concomitant LABA and regular SAMA use were allowed in all groups, but ICS was discontinued at randomization. RESULTS: LABAs were used by 749 (49%) patients in the roflumilast group and 793 (51%) patients in the placebo group in the pooled data set. The corresponding numbers for regular SAMA use were 537 (35%) and 569 (37%), respectively; 650 (42%) and 657 (42%), respectively, were treated with ICS prior to randomization. The change in exacerbation rate with roflumilast vs placebo was ‐16.9% (95% confidence interval [CI] ‐25, ‐8) in the overall population and was not influenced by LABA use, with changes in exacerbation rates of ‐20.7% (95% CI ‐31, ‐9) and ‐14.6% (95% CI ‐26, ‐1) in the subgroups of LABA users and non‐LABA users, respectively. The corresponding changes in exacerbation rates for concomitant SAMA use vs non‐SAMA use were ‐13.1% (95% CI ‐24, ‐1) and ‐19.8% (95% CI ‐30, ‐8), respectively. In patients with and without prior ICS treatment, exacerbations changed by ‐19.3% (95% CI ‐30, ‐7) and ‐16.8% (95% CI ‐28, ‐4), respectively, with roflumilast vs placebo. CONCLUSIONS: In two large, multicenter, 12‐month studies, roflumilast reduced the frequency of moderate and severe exacerbations independent of concomitant maintenance bronchodilator treatment (LABA or SAMA), or treatment with ICS prior to randomization.
 Efficacy of roflumilast in patients receiving concomitant treatments for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease over 12 months;  RATIONALE: The oral, selective phosphodiesterase 4 inhibitor roflumilast improves lung function and reduces exacerbations in patients with severe‐to‐very severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and improves lung function and other clinical outcomes in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD who are receiving concomitant long‐acting inhaled bronchodilators. We analyzed data from two 12‐month studies that investigated the effect of roflumilast on the rate of moderate or severe exacerbations in patients with severe‐to‐very severe COPD. Our aim was to investigate whether the effect of roflumilast is influenced by concomitant maintenance treatment with bronchodilators (long‐acting beta2 agonist [LABA] or short‐acting muscarinic antagonist [SAMA]) or by treatment with inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) prior to randomization. METHODS: M2‐124 and M2‐125 were identically designed, double‐blind, randomized studies, allowing the pooling of data. Patients with severe‐to‐very severe COPD associated with cough and sputum production (chronic bronchitis) and a history of exacerbations were randomly assigned to either roflumilast 500 μg once daily (n=1537) or placebo once daily (n=1554) for 12 months. Concomitant LABA and regular SAMA use were allowed in all groups, but ICS was discontinued at randomization. RESULTS: LABAs were used by 749 (49%) patients in the roflumilast group and 793 (51%) patients in the placebo group in the pooled data set. The corresponding numbers for regular SAMA use were 537 (35%) and 569 (37%), respectively; 650 (42%) and 657 (42%), respectively, were treated with ICS prior to randomization. The change in exacerbation rate with roflumilast vs placebo was ‐16.9% (95% confidence interval [CI] ‐25, ‐8) in the overall population and was not influenced by LABA use, with changes in exacerbation rates of ‐20.7% (95% CI ‐31, ‐9) and ‐14.6% (95% CI ‐26, ‐1) in the subgroups of LABA users and non‐LABA users, respectively. The corresponding changes in exacerbation rates for concomitant SAMA use vs non‐SAMA use were ‐13.1% (95% CI ‐24, ‐1) and ‐19.8% (95% CI ‐30, ‐8), respectively. In patients with and without prior ICS treatment, exacerbations changed by ‐19.3% (95% CI ‐30, ‐7) and ‐16.8% (95% CI ‐28, ‐4), respectively, with roflumilast vs placebo. CONCLUSIONS: In two large, multicenter, 12‐month studies, roflumilast reduced the frequency of moderate and severe exacerbations independent of concomitant maintenance bronchodilator treatment (LABA or SAMA), or treatment with ICS prior to randomization.
 Efficacy of roflumilast in patients receiving concomitant treatments for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease over 12 months;  Background: The oral, selective phosphodiesterase 4 inhibitor roflumilast improves lung function and reduces exacerbations in patients with severe‐to‐very severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and improves lung function and other clinical outcomes in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD who are receiving concomitant long‐acting inhaled bronchodilators. We analyzed data from two 12‐month studies that investigated the effect of roflumilast on the rate of moderate or severe exacerbations in patients with severe‐to‐very severe COPD. Our aim was to investigate whether the effect of roflumilast is influenced by concomitant maintenance treatment with bronchodilators (long‐acting beta2 agonist [LABA] or short‐acting muscarinic antagonist [SAMA]) or by treatment with inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) prior to randomization. Methods: M2‐124 and M2‐125 were identically designed, double‐blind, randomized studies. Patients with severe‐to‐very severe COPD associated with cough and sputum production (chronic bronchitis) and a history of exacerbations were randomly assigned to either roflumilast 500 μg once daily (n = 1537) or placebo once daily (n = 1554) for 12 months. Concomitant LABA and regular SAMA use were allowed in all groups, but ICS was discontinued at randomization. Results: LABAs were used by 749 (49%) patients in the roflu‐milast group and 793 (51%) patients in the placebo group in the pooled data set. The corresponding numbers for regular SAMA use were 537 (35%) and 569 (37%), respectively; 650 (42%) and 657 (42%), respectively, were treated with ICS prior to randomization. The change in exacerbation rate with roflumilast vs placebo was ‐16.9% (95% confidence interval [CI] ‐25, ‐8) in the overall population and was not influenced by LABA use, with changes in exacerbation rates of ‐20.7% (95% CI ‐31, ‐9) and ‐14.6% (95% CI ‐26, ‐1) in the subgroups of LABA users and non‐LABA users, respectively. The corresponding changes in exacerbation rates for concomitant SAMA use vs non‐SAMA use were ‐13.1% (95% CI ‐24, ‐1) and ‐19.8% (95% CI ‐30, ‐8), respectively. In patients with and without prior ICS treatment, exacerbations changed by ‐19.3% (95% CI ‐30, ‐7) and ‐16.8% (95% CI ‐28, ‐4), respectively, with roflumilast vs placebo. Conclusions: In two 12‐month studies, roflumilast reduced the frequency of moderate and severe exacerbations independent of concomitant maintenance bronchodilator treatment (LABA or SAMA), or treatment with ICS prior to randomization.
 Safety and efficacy of revefenacin for nebulization in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease taking concomitant LABA or ICS/LABA;  Introduction Combinations of a long‐acting muscarinic receptor antagonist (LAMA), long‐acting beta agonist (LABA), and inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) are often used in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) management, especially for more severe disease. The lung‐selective LAMA revefenacin for nebulization may be a safe and effective treatment for patients who require concomitant LABA, including ICS/LABA (LABA subgroup). Aims and objectives To assess safety and efficacy of once‐daily revefenacin for nebulization in patients with COPD in the LABA subgroup compared with placebo and tiotropium. Methods Data for LABA subgroup were taken from two 12‐week replicate, randomized, placebo‐controlled trials (NCT02512510, NCT02459080), and a 52‐week randomized, tiotropium‐controlled trial (NCT02518139). Patients received placebo or revefenacin 88 or 175 μ g in the 12‐week studies, and tiotropium 18 μ g or revefenacin 88 or 175 μ g in the 52‐week study. Safety data were pooled across the trials. The efficacy endpoint was least squares (LS) mean change from baseline in 24‐hour trough FEV1 on day 85 for the 12‐week studies combined. Results Overall, 43% of patients were using concurrent LABA or ICS/LABA combination. Patients in the LABA subgroup had more severe disease at baseline and reported a higher incidence of AEs across all treatments. Incidences of moderate‐severe AEs were 36% in the non‐LABA subgroup compared with 48% in the LABA subgroup, with COPD worsening/exacerbation as the most common AE (non‐LABA subgroup, 12%; LABA subgroup, 21%). Numerically fewer moderate‐severe AEs were reported in patients receiving revefenacin than tiotropium in the non‐LABA (revefenacin, 37%; tiotropium, 54%) and LABA (revefenacin, 47%; tiotropium, 64%) subgroups. Fewer antimuscarinic AEs were reported for revefenacin compared with tiotropium in the non‐LABA (revefenacin, 1%; tiotropium 5%) and LABA (revefenacin, 3%; tiotropium 4%) subgroups. Thirty‐one adjudicated major cardiovascular AEs (MACE) (placebo, 1; tiotropium, 7; revefenacin 175 μ g, 12; 88 μ g, 11) were reported; only one of these MACE, in the revefenacin 175 μ g group of the 52‐week study, was considered treatment related. Efficacy results from the pooled 12‐week studies demonstrated that revefenacin treatment produced significant improvements in day 85 trough FEV1 versus placebo (P<0.0001) in the non‐LABA (LS mean difference [SE] mL: revefenacin 175 μ g, 151 [21]; 88 μ g, 133 [20]) and LABA (revefenacin 175 μ g, 139 [29]; 88 μ g, 93 [29]) subgroups. Conclusions Once‐daily revefenacin for nebulization was generally well tolerated for up to 52 weeks and produced significant improvements from baseline in trough FEV1 compared with placebo in patients with COPD in the LABA subgroup.
 Efficacy of revefenacin, a novel once-daily nebulized long-acting muscarinic antagonist: results of two randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group phase 3 trials in participants with moderate to very severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  RATIONALE Revefenacin, a novel once‐daily, lung‐selective, nebulized long‐acting muscarinic antagonist, is under development for the long‐term maintenance treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). A prior 28‐day study in participants with moderate to severe COPD demonstrated that revefenacin, administered once daily at doses of 88 and 175 μg, produced significant bronchodilation and reduced rescue medication usage with minimal antimuscarinic‐associated adverse events. We report the results of two identical 12‐week phase 3 trials to establish the efficacy and safety of these doses in patients with moderate to very severe COPD (studies 0126 and 0127). METHODS In these replicate, double‐blind, parallel‐group studies (NCT02459080, NCT02512510), 1255 participants with moderate to very severe COPD were randomized (1:1:1) to one of three treatment groups (placebo [n=428] or revefenacin 88 μg [n=425] or 175 μg [n=402]). Treatment was administered once daily via a standard jet nebulizer for 12 weeks. The primary endpoint was 24‐hour trough forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) on day 85. A secondary endpoint included overall treatment effect on trough FEV1 (OTE FEV1), an inverse weighted mean of measures over the entire treatment period. Safety assessments included laboratory results, electrocardiograms, adverse events, and adjudication of major adverse cardiac events by clinical endpoint committee. A proportion of participants was allowed to receive concomitant inhaled long‐acting beta agonist (LABA) or inhaled corticosteroid (ICS)/LABA combination therapy. RESULTS Baseline demographic (mean age, 64 years; 50% male; 49% current smokers) and clinical characteristics (post ipratropium percent predicted FEV1 median [SD]: 54 [13.6] %; baseline FEV1 median [SD]: 1.32 [0.49] L) were well matched across treatment groups. Participants had moderate to very severe COPD (35% Global Initiative for Chronic Obstructive Lung Disease category D) and 38% of participants continued concomitant LABA or ICS/LABA therapy. Placebo‐adjusted changes from baseline in measures of FEV1 are shown below. Revefenacin 88 and 175 μg significantly increased trough FEV1 and OTE FEV1 compared to placebo (all p values ≤0.001) in studies 0126 and 0127, and in pooled study data. Safety and tolerability are reported in a separate abstract at this conference. [Table Presented]. CONCLUSIONS Revefenacin, administered once daily via a standard jet nebulizer at doses of 88 and 175 μg to patients with moderate to very severe COPD, demonstrated clinically and statistically significant improvements in trough FEV1, as well as in OTE FEV1, over the entire treatment period. Revefenacin appears to be well tolerated in the population of patients in these studies.
 Safety and tolerability of revefenacin, a novel once-daily nebulized long-acting muscarinic antagonist: results of two 12-week, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group phase 3 trials in participants with moderate to very severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  RATIONALE Revefenacin, a novel once‐daily, lung‐selective, nebulized long‐acting muscarinic antagonist in development for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), produces sustained bronchodilation with minimal systemic anticholinergic effects. A prior 28‐day study in participants with moderate to severe COPD demonstrated that revefenacin, administered once daily at doses of 88 and 175 μg via a standard jet nebulizer, produced clinically relevant improvements in lung function. To establish efficacy and safety for these doses, two identical 12‐week phase 3 efficacy trials in participants with moderate to very severe COPD (studies 0126 and 0127) were recently completed; the safety and tolerability of revefenacin in the combined study populations are presented here. METHODS In these replicate, double‐blind, parallel‐group studies (NCT02459080, NCT02512510), 1256 participants with moderate to very severe COPD were randomized (1:1:1) to one of three treatment groups (placebo [n=429] or revefenacin 88 μg [n=425] or 175 μg [n=402]). Treatment was administered once daily via a standard jet nebulizer for 12 weeks. The primary endpoint was 24‐hour trough forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) on day 85. Safety assessments included laboratory results, electrocardiograms (EKGs), adverse event (AE) collection, and adjudication of major adverse cardiac events by clinical endpoint committee. A proportion of participants was allowed to receive concomitant inhaled long‐acting beta agonist (LABA) or inhaled corticosteroid (ICS)/LABA combination therapy. RESULTS Baseline demographic (mean age, 64 years; 50% male; 49% current smokers) and clinical characteristics (post ipratropium percent predicted FEV1 median [SD]: 54 [13.6] %; baseline FEV1 median [SD]: 1.32 [0.49] L) were well matched across treatment groups. Participants had moderate to very severe COPD (35% Global Initiative for Chronic Obstructive Lung Disease category D) and 38% of participants received concomitant LABA or ICS/LABA therapy. There were no differences in laboratory chemistry, hematology, or EKG data across treatment groups. AEs and serious AEs were similar among treatment groups across both studies (Table). There was a low incidence of antimuscarinic AEs, with similar numbers reported in all treatment groups. Efficacy is reported in a separate abstract at this conference. CONCLUSIONS Revefenacin appears to be well tolerated at doses of 88 and 175 μg in this population of moderate to very severe COPD patients. Further data from an ongoing 12‐month study (NCT02518139) that includes these two doses will provide further characterization of the safety and tolerability of this investigational agent/potential treatment option for patients who need or prefer nebulized therapy. (Table Presented).
 Bronchodilator response to the long-acting bronchodilator combination of umeclidinium/vilanterol across subgroups of patients with COPD;  Rationale: The novel, once‐daily, fixed‐dose combination of the long‐acting muscarinic antagonist umeclidinium (UMEC) and the long‐acting beta2 agonist vilanterol (VI) has been shown to produce statistically significant improvements in lung function compared with both placebo and the individual UMEC and VI monotherapies in a broad range of patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Here we present subgroup analyses to determine the effectiveness of UMEC/VI fixed‐dose combination therapy in specific subpopulations of patients with COPD. Methods: Pre‐specified subgroup analyses were conducted using integrated data (N=4713; intent‐to‐treat population) from four 24‐week, multicenter, randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐ and active‐controlled studies that enrolled patients ≥40 years old with moderate to very severe COPD (post‐bronchodilator forced expiratory volume in one second [FEV1]/forced vital capacity <0.7 and FEV1 ≤70% of predicted normal). UMEC/VI doses of 125/25 mcg and 62.5/25 mcg and the corresponding monotherapies were evaluated. The primary outcome measure was trough FEV1 at Day 169 (Week 24). Subgroups were defined based on gender, age, disease severity, smoking status, inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) use, and bronchodilator (albuterol) reversibility. Results: For the integrated analysis, UMEC/VI 125/25 mcg and 62.5/25 mcg provided significantly greater improvements from baseline in trough FEV1 compared with placebo (0.199 and 0.216 L, respectively; p<0.001). The magnitude of improvement for comparisons of UMEC/VI with placebo was generally similar in the overall population and all subgroups (Table), with the greatest improvement reported for patients reversible to bronchodilator therapy receiving UMEC/VI 125/25 mcg (0.282 L; 0.057 L greater than UMEC/VI 62.5/25 mcg in reversible patients). Improvements with UMEC/VI over component monotherapies were generally observed across subgroups. Conclusions: UMEC/VI 125/25 mcg and 62.5/25 mcg once daily provide statistically significant improvements over placebo in lung function irrespective of gender, age, disease severity, smoking status, ICS use, and bronchodilator reversibility. In patients reversible to bronchodilator therapy, improvements were greater with UMEC/VI 125/25 mcg compared with UMEC/VI 62.5/25 mcg. (Table Presented).
 The association of COPD inhaler regimen on mortality and hospitalization: a secondary analysis of the long-term oxygen treatment trial;  Rationale: The 2017 Global Initiative for COPD (GOLD) statement advocates that disease‐related symptoms and exacerbation frequency guide COPD treatment. The statement strongly supports use of efficacious inhaled long‐acting beta‐agonists (LABA) or muscarinic antagonists (LAMA) as maintenance therapy and recommends limiting inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) to patients who have frequent COPD exacerbations. We assessed the effectiveness of these recommendations on severe COPD exacerbations and mortality. Methods: We performed secondary analyses of Long‐term Oxygen Treatment Trial (LOTT) data. We categorized patients into 2017 GOLD groups (A‐D) using baseline Modified Medical Research Council dyspnea score and a modified definition of increased exacerbation risk ‐ at least one COPD exacerbation in the past three months or hospitalization for COPD in the prior year. We defined our primary exposure as the inhaler regimen reported at enrollment and classified it as 1) aligning with recommendations, 2) undertreating, or 3) potentially overtreating based on the 2017 GOLD statement. Our primary outcome was the composite of time from randomization in LOTT until death or first COPD‐related hospitalization. We constructed Cox proportional‐hazard models to evaluate the association between our primary exposure and primary outcome, stratified by GOLD group (A/B or C/D) and clustered by site. We adjusted for baseline age, gender, smoking status, comorbidities, BODE Index, GOLD stage airflow obstruction, and all‐cause hospitalization in the prior year. Results: Of the 738 patients participating in LOTT, we categorized most as GOLD group A or B (77.4%). Overall, about two‐thirds of patients used combination LABA/ICS with or without LAMA (42.5% and 20.7%, respectively). Only 31.6% of patients reported regimens that aligned with GOLD recommendations; most were potentially overtreated (54.1%). During follow‐up (median 3.1 years), 328 (44.9%) died or experienced a COPD‐related hospitalization (Figure 1). Among the primary exposure groups, we did not find a significant difference in time to death or first COPD‐related hospitalization (Table 1). For patients in GOLD group A/B, there was no significant difference in the primary outcome between ICS use and non‐use groups (HR 1.17, 95% CI 0.81‐1.68). We obtained similar results using the 2011 GOLD statement. Conclusion: We did not find a significant difference in the time to death or first COPD‐related hospitalization amongst groups classified as adherent, undertreated, or potentially overtreated according to the 2017 GOLD statement. Reevaluation of which patient groups benefit most from specific inhaled therapies may be warranted. Alternatively, clinicians could potentially choose regimens based on patient preference, tolerability, and cost.
 Efficacy and safety of sun-101/eflow® (nebulized glycopyrrolate) in moderate-to-very-severe COPD: results from the glycopyrrolate for obstructive lung disease via electronic nebulizer (golden) 3 and 4 studies;  Rationale: Long‐acting muscarinic antagonists (LAMAs), alone or in combination, are recommended for the treatment of COPD. SUN‐101 is an investigational drug.device combination of an inhaled LAMA (glycopyrrolate) administered by an innovative eFlow® closed‐system nebulizer (PARI, Germany). Two Phase 3, randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled studies (GOLDEN 3 [NCT02347761] and GOLDEN 4 [NCT02347774]) were conducted to evaluate the efficacy and safety of SUN‐101/eFlow for the treatment of COPD. The studies were designed to prospectively include a real‐world COPD population, based on disease severity, background use of long‐acting beta2‐agonists (LABAs) and significant cardiovascular history. Methods: Patients aged ≥40 years with a ≥10 pack‐year smoking history and moderate‐to‐very‐severe COPD were randomized to receive placebo, or SUN‐101 (25 or 50mcg BID). The primary endpoint was change from baseline at Week 12 in trough FEV1. Key secondary endpoints included FVC, SGRQ, and rescue medication use. Safety was also assessed throughout the study. Major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE) were assessed by an independent, blinded adjudication committee. Results: GOLDEN 3 and 4 randomized 653 and 640 patients, stratified by cardiovascular history (64% high risk) and background LABA use (31%). Patients were primarily male (56%); mean age was 63 years. Inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) use was 29%. Efficacy results are shown in the Table. Both doses of SUN‐101 (25 and 50mcg BID) led to statistically significant, clinically important improvements in the placebo‐adjusted change from baseline in trough FEV1 at Week 12. There were also statistically significant improvements in FVC and SGRQ compared with placebo at Week 12, but no effect on rescue medication use. The combined overall incidence of treatment‐emergent adverse events (TEAEs) was numerically lower with SUN‐101 25 and 50 mcg BID than with placebo (43.4% and 50.7% versus 52.3%). The most frequent TEAEs were COPD, cough and dyspnea. Discontinuations due to TEAEs were numerically highest in the placebo group. The incidence rate of MACE per thousand patient‐years was 16.4 for placebo, 0 for SUN‐101 25mcg, 23.3 for SUN‐101 50mcg (combined = 11.8); there was one CV death in the 50mcg BID group. Conclusions: In these studies, SUN‐101/eFlow demonstrated statistically significant, clinically important improvements in pulmonary function and was generally well‐tolerated in a real‐world COPD population. Improvements in lung function were also observed in SUN‐101 patients with and without background LABAs. These Phase 3 data support nebulized SUN‐101 as a potential maintenance therapy in patients with moderate‐to‐very‐severe COPD.
 Revefenacin, an investigational longacting muscarinic antagonist for nebulization: pooled results of replicate phase 3 trials in patients with moderate to very severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  Background: Currently, once‐daily nebulized bronchodilator therapy is unavailable for patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Prior studies demonstrated that once‐daily revefenacin (REV) doses of 88 and 175 μg produced significant bronchodilation in COPD patients. We report the pooled results of two replicate phase 3 efficacy trials. Methods: In these double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, parallel‐group, 12‐ week trials (NCT02459080, NCT02512510), 1229 randomized patients with moderate to very severe COPD received once‐daily REV 88 μg (n=417), 175 μg (n=395), or placebo (n=418), administered by a standard jet nebulizer. The primary endpoint was 24‐hour trough forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) change from baseline to day 85. Secondary endpoints included overall treatment effect on trough FEV1 (OTE FEV1; day 15‐day 85), day 1 peak FEV1 (0‐2 hours after first dose), and patient‐reported outcomes (St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire [SGRQ]). Concomitant long‐acting beta agonist (LABA) or inhaled corticosteroid/LABA therapy was allowed in 40% of subjects. Results: Baseline demographics (mean age 64 years; 50% male; 49% current smokers) and spirometry (mean postbronchodilator FEV1 54%, 1.32L) were similar across treatment groups. Compared with placebo, REV 88 and 175 μg increased trough FEV1, OTE FEV1, and peak FEV1 by >100 mL (Figure 1). REV improved total SGRQ score from baseline by >4 points (Figure 2), with the greatest improvement observed in the symptom component score. REV 88 μg and 175 μg doses were both more likely to meet 4‐point, 8‐point, and 12‐point SGRQ improvement responder definitions compared with placebo, with higher odds of achieving the 8‐point and 12‐point responder thresholds with the 175 μg dose relative to the 88 μg dose. Conclusions: In replicate 12‐week phase 3 studies in patients with moderate to very severe COPD, once‐daily REV (88 and 175 μg) demonstrated clinically and statistically significant improvements in peak FEV1, trough FEV1, and OTE FEV1 relative to placebo. SGRQ results suggest improvement in the health status of patients treated with REV. If approved, REV could become the first once‐daily bronchodilator to be available for COPD patients who require or prefer nebulized therapy. (Figure Presented).
 The effect on bacteria of breathing in (through an inhaler) a drug which reduces swelling (a steroid) in severe COPD (chronic obstructive pulmonary disease) patients with associated widening of the air tubes (bronchiectasis);  INTERVENTION: This is an open label randomised trial. 80 patients with COPD and coexistent bronchiectasis to be recruited with 40 patients in each arm. one arm would receive triple therapy of inhalers (inhaled corticosteroids(ICS)/Long acting beta agonist/Long acting antimuscarinic) and the other dual bronchodilator (Long acting beta agonist/Long acting antimuscarinic) to assess the effect of ICS on microbial architecture (microbial load, microbiome and mycobiome heterogenity) in this group of patients. Randomisation will be done by an online tool centrally from Edinburgh. Patients will be offered the treatment for 12 months after an initial washout period of a month with the dual bronchodilator in both the groups. As a tertiary endpoint 5 patients from each arm at the end of the main study will receive a week of oral prednisolone to assess if oral corticosteroids further has an effect on the endpoints assessed with the ICS for the main study. CONDITION: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) with widening of the air tubes (bronchiectasis) ; Respiratory ; Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) with associated bronchiectasis PRIMARY OUTCOME: A baseline to 1‐year change (expressed in log units) in colony forming units per ml between treatment arms (LABA‐LAMA plus corticosteroid versus LABA‐LAMA only) measured via sputum samples taken at baseline, 6 months & 12 months between the 2 arms of the study. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Subjects eligible for enrolment in the study must meet all of the following criteria: 1. Informed Consent: A signed and dated written informed consent prior to study participation. 2. Type of subject: Outpatient. 3. Age: Subjects 40 years of age or older at screening visit. 4. Gender: Male or female subjects. 5. COPD Diagnosis: An established clinical history of COPD as documented in medical notes in accordance with the definition by the American Thoracic Society/European Respiratory Society. COPD‐Bronchiectasiscoexistence: smoking history of greater than 10 pack year, with a post bronchodilator FEV1/FVC ratio <0.7 with coexistent bronchiectasis on a high‐resolution CT Chest (increased broncho‐arterial ratio in two or more lobes of the lung). CT scans would have been done prior to recruitment as a part of usual clinical pathway. 5.1 T SECONDARY OUTCOME: ; 1. Change in sputum microbial diversity and microbial biomass (see analyses below for details) between the two arms. measured via sputum samples taken at baseline, 6 months & 12 months; 2. Sputum colour as assessed by a standardised colour chart‐ patients are graded as mucoid (clear or grey phlegm, muco‐purulent (light yellow or green) and purulent (dark yellow or green) measured via sputum samples taken at baseline, 6 months & 12 months; 3.1. Microbial community composition (gram negative/positive ratio, abundance of potential pathogens etc.) measured via sputum samples taken at baseline, 6 months & 12 months; 3.2. Fungal microbiome: between the two groups to see if ICS can influence the heterogeneity of the fungal community in terms of absolute and relative abundance. measured via sputum samples taken at baseline, 6 months & 12 months; 4. Spirometry: forced expired volume in 1 second, forced vital capacity and its ratio and mid expiratory flows (FEF25‐75) (attenuation of decline in lung function would be of long‐term benefit to patients if found). Measured using spirometry at screening and consenting visit, baseline, 6 months & 12 months; 5. Quality of Life: quality of life assessed by the COPD Assessment Tool (CAT) and St. Georges Respiratory Questionnaire. Breathlessness is included as part of this questionnaire. Questionnaires completed at baseline, 6 months & 12 months and at exacerbation visits; 6. Sputum inflammation: we will assess sputum myeloperoxidase as a measure of neutrophil burden and free elastase activity. measured via sputum samples taken at baseline, 6 months & 12 months; 7. Serum inflammation: we will measure white cell count and differential, erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR), C Reactive Protein (CRP) and intercellular adhesion molecule 1 (ICAM‐1) Previous research has shown that at high bacterial loads there is increased ICAM‐1 Measured via blood tests at baseline, 6 months & 12 months; 8. Exacerbations: These would be categorised as *time to the first exacerbation requiring treatment with antibiotics and/steroids, *number of exacerbations (needing antibiotics and /steroids) over 12 months including hospitalisations *number of participants with radiologically confirmed pneumonia over this period. Patient provided with diary to report all exacerbations. Diaries reviewed at baseline, 1month, 6 months, 12 months, 12 months + 7days; 9. Mortality rate between the 2 arms of the study groups. Considering the group’s overall but also separately broken down by microbe and microbial diversity.; 10. Safety endpoints:; The incidence of all AE and SAE across both treatment arms would be described as well as a safety endpoint.; To assess and investigate safety and benefits of a trial design like this, we will also document parameters such as respiratory failure), hospitalized exacerbations (along with other exacerbation data as specified above), and trial dropout due to worsening COPD symptoms as safety endpoints. This would be documented between both the arms of the study. Collection of all AE & SAE data at baseline, 1month, 6 months, 12 months, 12 months + 7days;
 Triple therapy with umeclidinium plus fixed-combination inhaled corticosteroid/long-acting beta-agonist therapy in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: pooled results in placebo-controlled trials;  Rationale: Data on the benefits of long‐acting muscarinic antagonists (LAMAs) in triple therapy (inhaled corticosteroid/long‐acting β‐agonist [ICS/LABA]+LAMA) in symptomatic patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) are limited. This analysis presents combined data from four placebo‐controlled studies of the once‐daily (OD) LAMA, umeclidinium (UMEC), added to fixed‐dose ICS/LABA therapy in patients with COPD. Methods: This post hoc analysis pooled data from four randomized, double‐blind, parallel‐group, 12‐week trials. Inclusion criteria included a diagnosis of COPD (modified Medical Research Council Dyspnea Scale score ≥2, post‐bronchodilator forced expiratory volume in one second [FEV1] <70% predicted and FEV1/forced vital capacity <0.70). Patients who met inclusion criteria entered a 4‐week run‐in on open‐label fixed‐dose ICS/LABA (fluticasone furoate/vilanterol 100/25 mcg or fluticasone propionate/salmeterol 250/50 mcg). Patients were randomized 1:1:1 to UMEC 62.5 mcg OD (delivering 55 mcg), UMEC 125 mcg OD (delivering 113 mcg), or placebo (PBO) OD as add‐on therapy. Week 12 trough FEV1 was the primary endpoint; other endpoints included St George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) responder rate, rescue medication use, and risk of moderate/severe COPD exacerbation. Results: The intent‐to‐treat population (patients receiving at least one dose of study medication) comprised 819 and 821 patients in the UMEC 62.5+ICS/LABA and UMEC 125+ICS/LABA groups respectively, and 818 patients in the PBO+ICS/LABA group. Baseline characteristics were similar across all groups. Triple therapy with UMEC 62.5+ICS/LABA provided statistically significant improvements in trough FEV1 compared with PBO+ICS/LABA at Day 85 and all other time points (Day 85: 0.130 L [95% CI: 0.112, 0.147]; p<0.001). Change from baseline in percentage of rescue‐free days and mean puffs/day over Weeks 1‐12 was significantly different for UMEC 62.5+ICS/LABA versus PBO+ICS/LABA (rescue‐free days: 7.1 [95% CI: 4.6, 9.5]; puffs/day: ‐0.3 [95% CI: ‐0.4, ‐0.2]; both p<0.001). Change from baseline in SGRQ total score was significantly different at Day 84 for UMEC 62.5+ICS/LABA versus PBO+ICS/LABA (‐1.55 [95% CI: ‐2.51, ‐0.59; p=0.002). The proportion of SGRQ responders was 41% and 31% for UMEC 62.5+ICS/LABA and PBO+ICS/LABA, respectively (odds ratio: 1.6, 95% CI: 1.3, 2.0; p<0.001). Eighty‐eight patients experienced a moderate/severe exacerbation (PBO+ICS/LABA: n= 57[7%]; UMEC 62.5+ICS/LABA: n=31 [4%]; hazard ratio: 0.53; 95% CI: 0.34, 0.82; p=0.004). Similar results were also demonstrated in the UMEC 125+ICS/LABA group. Conclusions: Triple therapy (UMEC+ICS/LABA) improved lung function and health‐related quality of life and increased number of rescue‐free days in patients with COPD compared with ICS/LABA.
 An Effectiveness and Safety Study of Inhaled JNJ 49095397 in Patients with Moderate to Severe Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: JNJ 49095397 Product Code: JNJ 49095397 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, hard capsule INN or Proposed INN: Not Assigned CAS Number: 1220626‐82‐3 Other descriptive name: RV568, JNJ‐49095397‐AAA Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 400‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, hard capsule Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use CONDITION: Moderate to Severe Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease ; MedDRA version: 17.0 Level: PT Classification code 10009033 Term: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease System Organ Class: 10038738 ‐ Respiratory, thoracic and mediastinal disorders Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: The primary objective is to assess the efficacy (as measured by change from baseline in prebronchodilator [preBD] percent predicted FEV1) of JNJ‐49095397 compared with placebo in; subjects with symptomatic moderate (GOLD Grade II) to severe (GOLD Grade III) COPD. Primary end point(s): The Primary End Point is: ; ; Change From Baseline in Prebronchodilator (preBD, before taking an inhaled bronchodilator) Percent‐predicted Forced Expiratory Volume in one Second (FEV1) at Week 12. Secondary Objective: The secondary objectives are:; •To assess the effect of JNJ‐49095397 on additional lung function parameters, health‐related quality of life, rescue medication usage, and COPD symptoms in subjects with symptomatic moderate to severe COPD.; •To assess the safety and tolerability of JNJ‐49095397 compared with placebo in subjects with symptomatic moderate to severe COPD.; •To characterize the steady‐state PK of JNJ‐49095397 in subjects with symptomatic moderate to severe COPD. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Baseline (Week 0) and Week 12 SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): The Secondary End Point is: ; ; ‐Change From Baseline in Postbronchodilator (postBD, after ; taking an inhaled bronchodilator) FEV1 at Week 12. ; ‐Change From Baseline in Weekly Average Number of Occasions in a day that Rescue Medication is Used at Week 12. ; ‐Change From Baseline in EXAcerbations of Chronic Pulmonary ; Disease Tool‐Respiratory Symptoms (E‐RS) at Week 12. ; ‐Change From Baseline in the Total Score of the St. George's ; Respiratory Questionnaire for COPD Patients (SGRQ‐C) at Week 12. ; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Please refere to section E. 5.2 INCLUSION CRITERIA: Men and women of non‐child‐bearing potential, Global Initiative for Chronic Obstructive Lung Disease (GOLD 2 or 3), forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) greater than or equal to 40 less than 80 percent predicted, FEV1/ forced vital capacity (FVC) ratio less than 0.7 ‐ Clinical history of chronic bronchitis. Either two chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) exacerbations in past two years or ability to produce a spontaneous sputum sample, treated with stable dose of long‐acting beta‐2 agonist (LABA)/ long‐acting muscarinic antagonists (LAMA), with or without inhaled corticosteroids for at least 4 weeks prior to study visit 1 ‐ Smoker or ex‐smoker with at least a 10 pack‐year history ‐ No COPD exacerbation that requires change in COPD maintenance medications during the screening period ‐ Not experienced a significant worsening of COPD based on clinical symptoms and by investigations during screening period. Are the trial subjects under 18? no
 Functional respiratory imaging to assess the interaction between systemic roflumilast and inhaled ICS/LABA/LAMA;  BACKGROUND: Patients with COPD show a significant reduction of the lobar hyperinflation at the functional residual capacity level in the patients who improved >120 mL in forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) after 6 months of treatment with roflumilast in addition to inhaled corticosteroids (ICSs)/long‐acting beta‐2 agonists (LABAs)/long‐acting muscarinic antagonists (LAMAs). METHODS: Functional respiratory imaging was used to quantify lobar hyperinflation, blood vessel density, ventilation, aerosol deposition, and bronchodilation. To investigate the exact mode of action of roflumilast, correlations between lobar and global measures have been tested using a mixed‐model approach with nested random factors and Pearson correlation, respectively. RESULTS: The reduction in lobar hyperinflation appears to be associated with a larger blood vessel density in the respective lobes (t=‐2.154, P=0.040); lobes with a higher percentage of blood vessels reduce more in hyperinflation in the responder group. Subsequently, it can be observed that lobes that reduce in hyperinflation after treatment are better ventilated (t=‐5.368, P<0.001). Functional respiratory imaging (FRI)‐based aerosol deposition showed that enhanced ventilation leads to more peripheral particle deposition of ICS/LABA/LAMA in the better‐ventilated areas (t=2.407, P=0.024). Finally, the study showed that areas receiving more particles have increased FRI‐based bronchodilation (t=2.564, P=0.017), leading to an increase in FEV1 (R=0.348, P=0.029). CONCLUSION: The study demonstrated that orally administered roflumilast supports the reduction of regional hyperinflation in areas previously undertreated by inhalation medication. The local reduction in hyperinflation induces a redistribution of ventilation and aerosol deposition, leading to enhanced efficacy of the concomitant ICS/LABA/LAMA therapy. FRI appears to be a sensitive tool to describe the mode of action of novel compounds in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Future studies need to confirm the enhanced sensitivity and the potential of FRI parameters to act as surrogates for clinically relevant, but more difficult to measure, end points such as exacerbations.
 A study to evaluate efficacy and safety of combination of Glycopyrronium 25mcg/ Arformoterol 15mcg solution for inhalation in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Glycopyrronium 25mcg/Arformoterol 15mcg inhalation solution: Dosage Form: Solution for Inhalation with nebulizer device. Dosage Frequency: Glycopyrronium 25 mcg and Arformoterol 15 mcg, BID. Route of Administration: Oral inhalation. Total Duration of treatment: 12 eeks Control Intervention1: Nebzmart G (Glycopyrronium Bromide): Dosage Form: Solution for Inhalation with nebulizer device Dosage Frequency: Glycopyrronium 25 mcg BID. Route of Administration: Oral inhalation. Total Duration of treatment: 12 weeks. CONDITION: Health Condition 1: J449‐ Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, unspecified PRIMARY OUTCOME: Change from baseline in peak FEV1 at week 12 (day 85)Timepoint: Week 12 (day 85) SECONDARY OUTCOME: Change from baseline in mMRC score at week 12Timepoint: Week 12 Change from baseline in standardized FEV1 AUC0‐2 h, at week 12 (Day 85)Timepoint: Week 12 Change from baseline in total daily symptom score, daytime symptom score and night‐time symptom score at week 12Timepoint: Week 12 Change from baseline in trough FEV1 at week 12 (Day 86)Timepoint: Week 12 Change from baseline in trough forced vital capacity (FVC) at week 12 (Day 86)Timepoint: Week 12 Treatment Emergent Adverse Events (TEAE) throughout the study periodTimepoint: Throughout the study period INCLUSION CRITERIA: Male or female, aged >40 (40 years completed) to Ã¢?Â¤75 years at the time of informed consent. Current or previous cigarette/beedi smokers with a history of cigarette/beedi smoking of at least 10 pack/years.Previous smokers are defined as those who have stopped smoking for at least 6 months prior to Screening Visit. Patients with a diagnosis of COPD for a period of at least 6 months prior to screening visit Patients receiving stable treatment for COPD for at least 1 month before screening, i.e. no change in the dose, dosing regimen, medication and other interventions for COPD for at least 1 month before screening. Patients currently not receiving a fixed or free combination of long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) and long‐acting beta‐2 agonist (LABA), with or without inhaled corticosteroid. Post‐bronchodilator FEV1 Ã¢?Â¥30% and <80% of the predicted normal value and post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC (forced vital c
 Tiotropium is less likely to induce oxygen desaturation in stable COPD patients compared to long-acting beta2-agonists;  In a three‐way crossover pilot study, the acute effects of tiotropium 18 microg inhalation on the respiratory function and arterial blood gas tensions of 30 patients with stable chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) were compared with those of salmeterol 50 microg and formoterol 12 microg. In each study day, lung function and arterial blood gas analyses were performed before and up to 180 min after inhalation. All treatments significantly improved lung function, increased DLco, decreased PaO2, and increased P(A‐a)O2, with no change in PaCO2. The effects of salmeterol and tiotropium on PaO2 were slower in onset and more prolonged than those of formoterol but PaO2AUC0‐180 min was significantly greater for formoterol and salmeterol than for tiotropium. It is likely that the significant but small decreases in PaO2 and increases in P(A‐a)O2 have been caused by pulmonary vasodilator effects. Since the three agents were similar in inducing bronchodilation, we believe that tiotropium is preferable in patients with hypoxemia caused by stable COPD because it seems to carry a smaller risk of worsening systemic hypoxemia.
 Combination of inhaled salmeterol/fluticasone and tiotropium in the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a randomised controlled trial;  OBJECTIVE: To observe the efficacy of combination therapy with inhaled salmeterol/fluticasone and tiotropium in reducing the frequency of acute episodes of symptom exacerbation and improving lung function and health status in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). METHODS: One hundred and twenty‐six patients (M/F: 92/34) with COPD were treated in a randomised, parallel‐group, controlled study with salmeterol/fluticasone (50/250 microg) twice daily and tiotropium 18 microg once daily (n = 33, M/F: 23/10); salmeterol/fluticasone (50/250 microg) twice daily (n = 32, M/F: 24/8); or tiotropium 18 microg once daily (n = 32, M/F: 23/9) for 12 months. Patients in the blank control group (n = 29, M/F: 22/7) did not receive any inhaled anticholinergic drugs, long‐acting beta(2) agonists or glucocorticoid therapy. Intention‐to‐treat analysis (n = 161) and per‐protocol analysis (n = 126, age 45 ‐ 71 years) were performed. RESULTS: Three active treatments significantly improved symptoms and health status. The use of rescue medication in the combination group [1 (0 ‐ 7) time, 95% CI] was significantly decreased compared with those in the blank group [2 (0 ‐ 29) times], salmeterol/fluticasone alone [2 (0 ‐ 13) times], tiotropium alone [1 (0 ‐ 11) time], F = 4.914, P < 0.01. The frequency of exacerbations in the combination group was (0.7 +/‐ 0.5) time, significantly lower than that in the blank group [(1.5 +/‐ 0.9) times], salmeterol/fluticasone alone [(1.2 +/‐ 0.6) times], and tiotropium alone [(1.1 +/‐ 0.5) times], F = 8.513, P < 0.01. The FEV(1) in the combination group after the trial was (1.19 +/‐ 0.03) L, significantly improved compared to that before treatment (1.09 +/‐ 0.04) L, a 9.5% increase, which was greater than the blank (0.9%), tiotropium alone (8.2%) and salmeterol/fluticasone alone (6.3%), t = ‐5.024 to ‐15.58, P < 0.01. CONCLUSION: Combination therapy with salmeterol/fluticasone and tiotropium leads to better control of symptoms and improved lung function, with no greater risk of side‐effects, as compared to salmeterol/fluticasone or tiotropium alone in the treatment of COPD.
 Contemporary Management of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease: scientific Review;  CONTEXT: The care of patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) has changed radically over the past 2 decades, and novel therapies can not only improve the health status of patients with COPD but also modify its natural course. OBJECTIVE: To systematically review the impact of long‐acting bronchodilators, inhaled corticosteroids, nocturnal noninvasive mechanical ventilation, pulmonary rehabilitation, domiciliary oxygen therapy, and disease management programs on clinical outcomes in patients with COPD. DATA SOURCES: MEDLINE and Cochrane databases were searched to identify all randomized controlled trials and systematic reviews from 1980 to May 2002 evaluating interventions in patients with COPD. We also hand searched bibliographies of relevant articles and contacted experts in the field. STUDY SELECTION AND DATA EXTRACTION: We included randomized controlled trials that had follow‐up of at least 3 months and contained data on at least 1 of these clinical outcomes: health‐related quality of life, exacerbations associated with COPD, or death. For pulmonary rehabilitation, we included studies that had a follow‐up of at least 6 weeks. Using standard meta‐analytic techniques, the effects of interventions were compared with placebo or with usual care. In secondary analyses, the effects of interventions were compared against each other, where possible. DATA SYNTHESIS: Long‐acting beta2‐agonists and anticholinergics (tiotropium) reduced exacerbation rates by approximately 20% to 25% (relative risk [RR] for long‐acting beta2‐agonists, 0.79; 95% CI, 0.69‐0.90; RR for tiotropium, 0.74; 95% CI, 0.62‐0.89) in patients with moderate to severe COPD. Inhaled corticosteroids also reduced exacerbation rates by a similar amount (RR, 0.76; 95% CI, 0.72‐0.80). The beneficial effects were most pronounced in trials enrolling patients with FEV1 between 1 L and 2 L. Combining a long‐acting beta2‐agonist with an inhaled corticosteroid resulted in an approximate 30% (RR, 0.70; 95% CI, 0.62‐0.78) reduction in exacerbations. Pulmonary rehabilitation improved the health status of patients with moderate to severe disease, but no material effect was observed on long‐term survival or hospitalization rates. Domiciliary oxygen therapy improved survival by approximately 40% in patients with PaO2 lower than 60 mm Hg, but not in those without hypoxia at rest. The data on disease management programs were heterogeneous, but overall no effect was observed on survival or risk of hospitalization. Noninvasive mechanical ventilation was not associated with improved outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: A significant body of evidence supports the use of long‐acting bronchodilators and inhaled corticosteroids in reducing exacerbations in patients with moderate to severe COPD. Domiciliary oxygen therapy is the only intervention that has been demonstrated to prolong survival, but only in patients with resting hypoxia.
 Efficacy and tolerability of budesonide/formoterol added to tiotropium in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  RATIONALE: Budesonide/formoterol and tiotropium are commonly used maintenance treatments for patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Combining these medications may provide additional benefits. OBJECTIVES: To assess the efficacy and tolerability of budesonide/formoterol added to tiotropium in patients eligible for inhaled corticosteroid/long‐acting beta(2)‐agonist combination therapy. METHODS: In this 12‐week, randomized, double‐blind, parallel‐group, multicenter study, after a 2‐week run‐in, 660 subjects (75% male; mean age, 62 yr; FEV(1), 1.1 L; 38% predicted normal), 40 years of age or older, received tiotropium (18 microg once daily) plus either budesonide/formoterol (320/9 microg) (n = 329) or placebo (n = 331) twice daily. MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: Clinic predose (primary outcome) and postdose FEV(1), predose and postdose forced vital capacity and inspiratory capacity, and health status were measured. Other outcomes included daily measurements taken at home (pre‐ and postdose morning FEV(1) and peak expiratory flow, morning symptoms and activities, and morning reliever use), severe exacerbations, and tolerability. Over the treatment period, budesonide/formoterol plus tiotropium significantly increased predose FEV(1) by 6% (65 ml) and postdose by 11% (123 and 131 ml at 5 and 60 min postdose, respectively) versus tiotropium alone (both P < 0.001). Other outcomes all significantly improved with budesonide/formoterol plus tiotropium versus tiotropium alone. The number of severe exacerbations decreased by 62% (rate ratio, 0.38; 95% confidence interval, 0.25‐0.57; P < 0.001). Both treatments were well tolerated. CONCLUSIONS: In patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, budesonide/formoterol added to tiotropium versus tiotropium alone provides rapid and sustained improvements in lung function, health status, morning symptoms and activities, and reduces severe exacerbations. Clinical trial registered with www.clinicaltrials.gov (NCT00496470).
 Bronchodilator efficacy of single doses of indacaterol in Japanese patients with COPD: a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial;  BACKGROUND: Indacaterol is an investigational, novel, inhaled once‐daily ultra‐long‐acting beta‐2 agonist for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). This study evaluated the 24‐h bronchodilatory efficacy and safety of indacaterol in Japanese patients with COPD. METHODS: This Phase‐II, randomised, placebo‐controlled, crossover study comprised four double‐blind, single‐dose treatment periods (washout between periods: 14‐28 days). Japanese patients aged 40‐75 years with moderate‐to‐severe COPD were randomised to receive single doses of indacaterol (150, 300, or 600 microg) or placebo via a single‐dose dry‐powder inhaler. Efficacy (primary endpoint: standardised FEV(1)AUC(22‐24h)) and safety were assessed for 24 h post‐dose in each treatment period. RESULTS: Of the 50 patients randomised (92% male; mean age, 67.2 years), 45 completed the study. Standardised FEV(1)AUC(22‐24h) was significantly higher for all indacaterol doses as compared with placebo, with clinically relevant differences of 130, 160, and 170 mL for 150, 300, and 600 microg, respectively (P < 0.001). The improvement in FEV(1) was seen as early as 5 min post‐dose with indacaterol and sustained for 24 h (P < 0.001 vs placebo at all time points). All indacaterol doses were well tolerated and showed no clinically meaningful effect on pulse rate, blood pressure, QTc interval, and laboratory parameters when compared with placebo. CONCLUSIONS: In the Japanese COPD population studied, single doses of indacaterol (150, 300, and 600 microg) provided sustained 24‐h bronchodilation, with onset of action within 5 min post‐dose. All doses were well tolerated. These results are consistent with data from Caucasian populations.
 Trial in progress: a 52-week, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group phase 3 trial to evaluate the safety and tolerability of a nebulized long-acting muscarinic antagonist (revefenacin) in study participants with COPD;  PURPOSE: Revefenacin (pINN), a novel nebulized long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) in development for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), produces persistent and localized bronchodilation with limited systemic side effects. A 28‐day study in participants with COPD demonstrated that the optimal benefit‐to‐risk ratio for revefenacin occurs at once‐daily doses of 88 mg and 175 mg. To establish the long‐term safety for this dose range, a 52‐week phase 3 safety study in participants with COPD is in progress. The trial methodology and select characteristics of participants enrolled to‐date are presented here. METHODS: In this partial‐blind, parallel‐group study (NCT02518139), randomized participants (1:1:1) will receive blinded 88 mg or 175 mg revefenacin administered once daily by inhalation using a standard jet nebulizer or open‐label tiotropium administered once daily via Handihaler®. The study objective is to define the long‐term safety and tolerability of revefenacin over 52 weeks of treatment, including frequency of adverse events and exacerbations. Trough forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1), use of rescue medication, and patient‐reported outcomes will also be reported as exploratory assessments. Participants are allowed to receive concomitant inhaled corticosteroid (ICS)/long‐acting beta agonist (LABA) combination therapy with no restrictions, resulting in the following comparisons: revefenacin vs tiotropium and ICS/LABA/revefenacin vs ICS/LABA/ tiotropium. The anticipated readout for this study is 3Q2017. RESULTS: As of March 18, 2016, 749 of 1050 participants have been enrolled (mean age, 64 years; 58% male; 46% current smokers). These participants have moderate‐to‐very severe COPD (post‐ipratropium % predicted FEV1 median [range]: 54.7 [18.0‐80.0]% and baseline FEV1 median [range]: 1.27 [0.46‐3.50] L), with 37% classified as GOLD category D. Approximately 43% of participants are receiving concomitant therapy with ICS/LABA (92% bid ICS/LABA and 8% qd ICS/LABA). Diabetes, pulmonary hypertension, ischemic heart disease, and gastroesophageal reflux disease are key comorbidities in this patient population. CONCLUSIONS: In this ongoing phase 3 trial, the safety and tolerability of revefenacin (in conjunction with ICS/LABA therapy) is being evaluated in participants with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD over a dosing period of 52 weeks.
 Trials in progress: two 12-week, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group phase 3 trials of a nebulized long-acting muscarinic antagonist (revefenacin) in study participants with moderate to very severe COPD;  PURPOSE: Revefenacin (pINN), a novel nebulized long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) in development for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), produces sustained bronchodilation with minimal systemic anticholinergic effects. A 28‐ day phase 2b study in participants with COPD demonstrated that doses of 88 and 175 mg, administered once daily, produced clinically relevant changes compared with placebo across a range of endpoints. To establish efficacy and safety for this dose range, 2 identical 12‐week phase 3 efficacy trials in participants with COPD are in progress; the trial methodology and select characteristics of the participants enrolled to‐date are presented here. METHODS: In these double‐blind, parallel‐group replicate studies (study 1, NCT02459080; study 2, NCT02512510), participants with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD are randomized (1:1:1) to 3 treatment groups (revefenacin 88 mg or 175 mg or matched placebo, administered once daily via a standard jet nebulizer) for 12 weeks. The primary endpoint is 24‐hour trough forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) on day 85. Secondary endpoints include use of rescue medication, health outcomes, safety, and pharmacokinetic assessments. Up to 40% of participants are allowed to receive concomitant inhaled corticosteroid (ICS)/long‐acting beta agonist (LABA) combination therapy, resulting in the following comparisons: revefenacin vs placebo and ICS/LABA/revefenacin vs ICS/LABA/placebo. RESULTS: As of March 18, 2016, 889 of 1236 participants (mean age, 64 years; 51% male; 48% current smokers) have been enrolled in these replicate studies; these participants have moderate‐to‐very severe COPD (post‐ipratropium % predicted FEV1 median [range]: 55.6 [19.2‐79.9]% and baseline FEV1 median [range]: 1.27 [0.44‐3.24] L), with 33% of participants classified as GOLD category D. Approximately 38% of participants are receiving concomitant therapy with ICS/LABA (90% bid ICS/LABA and 10% qd ICS/LABA). Diabetes, pulmonary hypertension, ischemic heart disease, and gastroesophageal reflux disease are key comorbidities in this patient population. CONCLUSIONS: These 2 replicate phase 3 trials in participants with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD are expected to provide pivotal efficacy and safety data for nebulized once‐daily revefenacin as monotherapy, and in conjunction with ICS/LABA therapy, over a dosing period of 12 weeks.
 Effects of bisoprolol and celiprolol on cardiopulmonary performance in COPD;  Background Beta‐blockers (BB) are underused in COPD despite evidence for reducing mortality from cardiovascular comorbidities. Beta‐1 selective antagonists such as bisoprolol (BIS) may cause bronchoconstriction due to dose related beta‐2 blockade. Celiprolol (CEL) is a beta‐1 selective antagonist which also exhibits partial beta‐2 agonist activity. Patients with COPD can get dynamic hyperinflation (DH) upon exercise which in turn can impair cardiopulmonary performance. We have therefore compared for the first time the chronic dosing effects of BIS and CEL on cardiopulmonary exercise testing (CPET) in patients with COPD. Patients and methods Patients with moderate to severe (GOLD 2/3) COPD were enrolled to receive in randomised crossover fashion either BIS 2.5 mg od (2 weeks) followed by 5 mg od (2 weeks) or CEL 200 mg od (2 weeks) then 400 mg od (2 weeks). CPET to symptom limit using cycle ergometer at constant work rate was performed at baseline pre‐BB and post‐BB at 4 weeks. Results 11 patients with COPD were enrolled: 7M4F; Age 69yr (95%CI:65‐73yr); Post‐salbutamol FEV156% (95%CI:49‐ 63%); FVC 100% (95%CI:86‐114%); FEV1/FVC 46% (95% CI:36‐53%); RV/TLC 50% (95%CI:44‐56%). 10 patients were taking long‐acting beta‐agonists, 10 patients long‐acting muscarinic antagonists and 6 patients inhaled corticosteroids. Inspiratory capacity (IC) showed a significant fall when comparing rest vs isotime peak exercise (4 min) in keeping with DH, with no differences post exercise for baseline vs either BB (figure 1A). Borg scales for dyspnoea (figure 1B) and perceived exertion on exercise were no different from baseline vs BB. Peak exercise heart rate was significantly lower comparing baseline vs BB, with resting heart rate only significantly lower with BIS and not CEL (figure 1C). Resting and peak exercise cardiac output were not significantly different comparing baseline vs BB (figure 1D). A significant difference was seen for mean arterial blood pressure between rest and peak exercise at baseline but not after BB. Lung function as FEV1, FVC, Relaxed VC and RV/TLC ratio were not significantly altered by either BB vs baseline. Conclusions Overall cardiopulmonary performance was relatively well preserved while taking BB. Our results support the more widespread use of cardio‐selective BB in patients with COPD who have cardiovascular comorbidity.
 Genetic evaluation of the effect of GLCCI1 rs37973 and FKBP5 rs4713916 on the response to corticosteroids in COPD patients;  Although inhaled glucocorticoids (ICS) are highly effective in asthma, they provide much less clinical benefit in COPD, with only 10 % of COPD patients showing clinical response. The variability of response to treatment with ICS may be related to genetic variations. Furthermore, various single‐nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) have been identified in the glucocorticoid‐induced transcript 1 ( GLCCI1 ) gene and the related co‐chaperone FKBP5 gene. The aim of our study was to investigate whether common variants of the aforementioned genes are associated with COPD phenotypes, lung function and ICS efficacy. A total of 80 patients with COPD, GOLD stage B‐D, who were enrolled in the HISTORIC study, a randomized, placebo‐controlled, double‐blind, investigatorinitiated trial that examined the hypothesis that high airway smooth muscle cell area in endobronchial biopsies of COPD patients is associated to responsiveness to inhaled corticosteroids, were included in our study. The rs37973 and the rs4713916 polymorphisms of the GLCCI1 and FKBP5 genes, respectively, were genotyped by real‐time PCR‐TAQMAN SNP Genotyping Assay. The statistical analysis was carried out with the SPSS program and R Studio with a multivariate analysis with a 95 % confidence interval. COPD patients who responded clinically better (p = 0.010) to triple therapy with long‐acting beta 2 agonists, long‐acting muscarinic antagonists and ICS are the heterozygotes (AG genotype), indicating that response to ICS concerning the rs4713916 genotype is a case of heterozygote advantage. The same subgroup of patients, presented with higher DLCO‐related values in the baseline (p < 0.020). The results of our study support a possible pharmacogenomic control for COPD intervention. The FKBP5 gene polymorphism rs4713916 may be a useful predictor of response to ICS and of clinical outcomes in COPD. However, the number of patients analyzed was relatively small and therefore, replication, fullypowered, and association studies are further required.
 Microbiome Use to evaluate Safety of Inhaled Corticosteroids;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Duaklir Genuair Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder INN or Proposed INN: aclidinium bromide CAS Number: ?320345‐99‐1 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 400‐ INN or Proposed INN: formoterol fumarate dihydrate CAS Number: 183814‐30‐4 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 12‐ Trade Name: Symbicort Turbohaler 400/12 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder INN or Proposed INN: budesonide CAS Number: 51333‐22‐3 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 400‐ INN or Proposed INN: formoterol fumarate dihydrate CAS Number: 183814‐30‐4 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 12‐ Trade Name: Seretide Accuhaler 500/50 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder INN or Proposed INN: Fluticasone Propionate CAS Number: 80474‐14‐2 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 500‐ INN or Proposed INN: Salmeterol xinafoate CAS Number: 89365‐50‐4 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ Trade Name: Seretide Accuhaler 250/50 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder INN or Proposed INN: Fluticasone Propionate CAS Number: 80474‐14‐2 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 250‐ INN or Proposed INN: Salmeterol xinafoate CAS Number: 89365‐50‐4 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ Trade Name: Eklira Genuair Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder INN or Proposed INN: aclidinium bromide CAS Number: 320345‐99‐1 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 400‐ CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Diseae ; MedDRA version: 20.0 Level: PT Classification code 10009033 Term: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease System Organ Class: 10038738 ‐ Respiratory, thoracic and mediastinal disorders Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To determine the effects of the inhaled corticosteroids fluticasone propionate/salmeterol 500/50 mcg vs budesonide/formoterol 400/12 mcg on upper airway bacterial load from throat swabs. Primary end point(s): Bacterial load of total respiratory pathogens determined by quantitative polymerase chain reaction. Continuous variable at 0, 1, 2 and 3 months Secondary Objective: To determine the effects of the inhaled corticosteroids fluticasone propionate/salmeterol 500/50 mcg vs budesonide/formoterol 400/12 mcg on lower airway bacterial load and microbiome from sputum and on upper airway in nasal swab; ; To compare the effects of fluticasone/salmeterol 250/50mcg vs budesonide/formoterol 400/12 mcg on upper and lower airway microbiome in throat/nasal and sputum samples. ; ; To compare the effects on the upper and lower airway microbiome in throat, nasal swabs and sputum of individual inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) fluticasone propionate and budesonide compared to a dual bronchodilator based regime without ICS; ; To compare the impact of high and low dose inhaled corticosteroid fluticasone propionate on the upper and lower airway microbiome in throat, nasal swabs and sputum; ; To determine the combined impact of inhaled corticosteroids on bacterial load in upper and lower airway using throat swabs, nasal swabs and sputum compared to dual bronchodilator regime. In thi Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Continuous variable at 0, 1, 2 and 3 months SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): To determine the effects of the inhaled corticosteroids fluticasone propionate/salmeterol 500/50 mcg vs budesonide/formoterol 400/12 mcg on lower airway bacterial load and microbiome from sputum and on upper airway in nasal swab; ; To compare the effects of fluticasone/salmeterol 250/50mcg vs budesonide/formoterol 400/12 mcg on upper and lower airway microbiome in throat/nasal and sputum samples. ; ; To compare the effects on the upper and lower airway microbiome in throat, nasal swabs and sputum of individual inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) fluticasone propionate and budesonide compared to a dual bronchodilator based regime without ICS; ; To compare the impact of high and low dose inhaled corticosteroid fluticasone propionate on the upper and lower airway microbiome in throat, nasal swabs and sputum; ; To determine the combined impact of inhaled corticosteroids on bacterial load in upper and lower airway using throat swabs, nasal swabs and sputum compared to dual bronchodilator regime. In this analysis, results from all ICS arms will be pooled. ; ; To evaluate the impact of inhaled corticosteroids on airway and systemic inflammation; ; To evaluate the safety and tolerability of withdrawal of inhaled corticosteroids in severe COPD; ; To evaluate if changes in the airway microbiota are associated with AE’s; ; To determine the impact of ICS withdrawal on airway bacterial load, airway microbiome and airway inflammation. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Continuous variable at 0, 1, 2 and 3 months INCLUSION CRITERIA: • Male and female patients aged > 40 years • Current or ex smokers having at least a 10 pack year smoking history • A clinical diagnosis of COPD made by a physician with a post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC ratio at screening of <70% • Severe COPD according to consensus guidelines consisting of a post‐bronchodilator FEV1 <50% predicted at screening and/or a history of 2 or more exacerbations in the previous year OR one hospital admission for an exacerbation of COPD in the previous year (equivalent to GOLD 2011 grade C/D) • Able to perform all study procedures including spirometry and questionnaires with minimal assistance. Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: 0 F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range 160 F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range 40
 Pivotal study to assess the efficacy, safety and tolerability of dupilumab in patients with moderate to severe COPD with Type 2 inflammation;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: Dupilumab Product Code: SAR231893 Pharmaceutical Form: Solution for injection in pre‐filled syringe INN or Proposed INN: Dupilumab Current Sponsor code: SAR231893 Other descriptive name: REGN668 Concentration unit: mg/ml milligram(s)/millilitre Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 150‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Solution for injection in pre‐filled syringe Route of administration of the placebo: Subcutaneous use CONDITION: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ; MedDRA version: 21.1 Level: PT Classification code 10009033 Term: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease System Organ Class: 10038738 ‐ Respiratory, thoracic and mediastinal disorders Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To evaluate the efficacy of dupilumab administered every 2 weeks in patients with moderate or severe Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) as measured by ; ‐ Annualized rate of acute moderate or severe COPD exacerbation (AECOPD) ; Primary end point(s): Annual rate of acute COPD exacerbation (AECOPD) ; Annualized rate of moderate or severe COPD exacerbations over the 52‐week treatment period compared to placebo Secondary Objective: ‐ To evaluate the effect of dupilumab administered every 2 weeks on; ‐ Pre‐bronchodilator forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) over 12 weeks compared to placebo; ‐ Health related quality of life, assessed by the change from baseline to Week 52 in the St. Georgeâ€™s Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) ; ‐ Pre‐bronchodilator FEV1 over 52 weeks compared to placebo; ‐ Lung function assessments; ‐ Moderate and severe COPD exacerbations; ‐ To evaluate safety and tolerability; ‐ To evaluate dupilumab systemic exposure and incidence of antidrug antibodies (ADA) Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Baseline to week 52 SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): 1 ‐ Change in pre‐bronchodilator FEV1 ; Change in pre‐bronchodilator FEV1 from baseline to Week 12 compared to placebo; 2 ‐ Change in SGRQ ; Change from baseline to Week 52 in SGRQ total score compared to placebo; 3 ‐ Improvement in SGRQ ; Proportion of patients with SGRQ improvement =4 points at Week 52; 4 ‐ Change in pre‐bronchodilator FEV1 from baseline to Week 52 ; Change in pre‐bronchodilator FEV1 from baseline to Week 52 compared to placebo; 5 ‐ Change in pre‐bronchodilator FEV1 from baseline to time points up to Week 48 ; Change in pre‐bronchodilator FEV1 from baseline to weeks other than 12 and 52 (i.e. Weeks 2, 4, 8, 16, 20, 24, 28, 36, 44 and 48) compared to placebo; 6 ‐ Change in post‐bronchodilator FEV1 lung function ; Change in post‐bronchodilator FEV1 from baseline at Weeks 2, 4, 8, 12, 24, 36 and 52 compared to placebo; 7 ‐ Change in forced expiratory flow (FEF) 25‐75% ; Change in FEF 25‐75% from baseline to Weeks 2, 4, 8, 12, 16, 24, 28, 36, 44 and 52; 8 ‐ Annualized rate of severe AECOPD ; Annualized rate of severe COPD exacerbations compared to placebo over the 52‐week treatment period; 9 ‐ Time to first AECOPD ; Time to first moderate or severe COPD exacerbation compared with placebo during the 52‐week treatment period; 10 ‐ Adverse events ; Number of adverse events (AEs)/treatment‐emergent adverse events (TEAEs); 11 ‐ Potentially clinically significant abnormality (PCSA) in laboratory tests ; Percentage of patients with at least one incidence of PCSA; 12 ‐ Anti‐drug antibodies ; Incidence of anti‐drug antibodies against dupilumab Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 1 : Baseline to week 12; 2, 3, 4, 8, 9 : Baseline to week 52; 5 : Baseline to weeks 2, 4, 8, 16, 20, 24, 28, 36, 44, 48; 6 : Baseline to weeks 2, 4, 8, 12, 24, 36, 52; 7 : Baseline to weeks 2, 4, 8, 12, 16, 24, 28, 36, 44, 52; 10, 11, 12 : Baseline through week 64 INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐ Participants with a physician diagnosis of COPD who meet the following criteria: ‐ Current or former smokers with a smoking history of =10 pack‐years. ‐ Moderate‐to‐severe COPD (post‐bronchodilator FEV1/ forced vital capacity [FVC] =70 and post‐bronchodilator FEV1 % predicted >30% and =70%). ‐ Medical Research Council (MRC) Dyspnea Scale grade =2. ‐ Patient‐reported history of signs and symptoms of chronic bronchitis (chronic productive cough) for 3 months in the year up to screening in the absence of other known causes of chronic cough. ‐ Documented history of high exacerbation risk defined as exacerbation history of =2 moderate or =1 severe within the year prior to inclusion. At least one exacerbation should have occurred while the patient was taking inhaled corticosteroid (ICS)/long acting beta agonist (LABA)/long acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) (or LABA/LAMA if ICS is contraindicated). Moderate exacerbations are recorded by the investiga
 Pivotal study to assess the efficacy, safety and tolerability of dupilumab in patients with moderate-tosevere COPD with Type 2 inflammation (BOREAS);  INTERVENTION: Product Name: Dupilumab Product Code: SAR231893 Pharmaceutical Form: Solution for injection in pre‐filled syringe INN or Proposed INN: Dupilumab Current Sponsor code: SAR231893 Other descriptive name: REGN668 Concentration unit: mg/ml milligram(s)/millilitre Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 150‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Solution for injection in pre‐filled syringe Route of administration of the placebo: Subcutaneous use CONDITION: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ; MedDRA version: 20.0 Level: PT Classification code 10009033 Term: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease System Organ Class: 10038738 ‐ Respiratory, thoracic and mediastinal disorders Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: ; Main Objective: To evaluate the efficacy of dupilumab administered every 2 weeks in patients with moderate or; severe Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) as measured by; ‐ Annualized rate of acute moderate and severe COPD exacerbation (AECOPD); ; Primary end point(s): 1. Annual rate of acute COPD exacerbation (AECOPD) : Annualized rate of moderate or severe COPD exacerbations over the 52‐week treatment period compared to placebo; ; Secondary Objective: To evaluate the effect of dupilumab administered every 2 weeks on; ‐ Pre‐bronchodilator forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) over 12 weeks compared to placebo; ‐ Health related quality of life, assessed by the change from baseline to Week 52 in the St. Georgeâ€™s; Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ); ‐ Pre‐bronchodilator FEV1 over 52 weeks compared to placebo; ‐ Lung function assessments; ‐ Moderate and severe COPD exacerbations; ‐ To evaluate safety and tolerability; ‐ To evaluate dupilumab systemic exposure and incidence of anti‐drug antibodies (ADA); ; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 1. Baseline to week 52; SECONDARY OUTCOME: ; Secondary end point(s): 1. Change in pre‐bronchodilator FEV1 : Change in pre‐bronchodilator FEV1 from baseline to Week 12 compared to placebo ; 2. Change in SGRQ : Change from baseline to Week 52 in SGRQ total score compared to placebo ; 3. Improvement in SGRQ : Proportion of patients with SGRQ improvement =4 points at Week 52 ; 4. Change in pre‐bronchodilator FEV1 from baseline to Week 52 : Change in pre‐bronchodilator FEV1 from baseline to Week 52 compared to placebo ; 5. Change in pre‐bronchodilator FEV1 from baseline to time points up to Week 48 : Change in pre‐bronchodilator FEV1 from baseline to weeks other than 12 and 52 (i.e. Weeks 2, 4, 8, 16, 20, 24, 28, 36, 44 and 48) compared to placebo ; 6. Change in post‐bronchodilator FEV1 lung function : Change in post‐bronchodilator FEV1 from baseline at Weeks 2, 4, 8, 12, 24, 36 and 52 compared to placebo ; 7. Change in forced expiratory flow (FEF) 25‐75% : Change in FEF 25‐75% from baseline to Weeks 2, 4, 8, 12, 16, 24, 28, 36, 44 and 52 ; 8. Annualized rate of severe AECOPD : Annualized rate of severe COPD exacerbations compared to placebo over the 52‐week treatment period ; 9. Time to first AECOPD : Time to first moderate or severe COPD exacerbation compared with placebo during the 52‐week treatment period ; 10. Adverse events : Number of adverse events (AEs)/treatment‐emergent adverse events (TEAEs) ; 11. Potentially clinically significant abnormality (PCSA) in laboratory tests : Percentage of patients with at least one incidence of PCSA ; 12. Anti‐drug antibodies : Incidence of anti‐drug antibodies against dupilumab; ; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 1. Baseline to week 12 ; 2. 3. 4. 8. 9. Baseline to week 52 ; 5. Baseline to weeks 2, 4, 8, 16, 20, 24, 28, 36, 44, 48 ; 6. Baseline to weeks 2, 4, 8, 12, 24, 36, 52 ; 7. Baseline to weeks 2, 4, 8, 12, 16, 24, 28, 36, 44, 52 ; 10. 11. 12. Baseline through week 64; INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐Participants with a physician diagnosis of COPD who meet the following criteria: ‐Current or former smokers with a smoking history of =10 pack‐years. ‐Moderate‐to‐severe COPD (post‐bronchodilator FEV1/ forced vital capacity [FVC] =70% and post‐bronchodilator FEV1 % predicted >30% and =70%). ‐Medical Research Council (MRC) Dyspnea Scale grade =2. ‐Patient‐reported history of signs and symptoms of chronic bronchitis (chronic productive cough) for 3 months in the year up to screening in the absence of other known causes of chronic cough. ‐Documented history of high exacerbation risk defined as exacerbation history of =2 moderate or =1 severe within the year prior to inclusion. At least one exacerbation should have occurred while the patient was taking inhaled corticosteroid (ICS)/long acting beta agonist (LABA)/long acting muscarinic agonist (LAMA) (
 Evaluation of long-acting muscarinic antagonists in COPD;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Eklira Genuair Product Name: Eklira Genuair Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder INN or Proposed INN: aclidinium bromide CAS Number: 320345‐99‐1 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 322‐ Trade Name: Spiriva Product Name: Spiriva Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder INN or Proposed INN: tiotropium bromide monohydrate CAS Number: 136310‐93‐5 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 18‐ CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease ; MedDRA version: 14.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10010952 Term: COPD System Organ Class: 100000004855 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To compare the chronic dosing impact of drug‐device interaction between tiotropium and aclidinium on early morning trough bronchodilator response using impulse oscillometry in patients with COPD taking inhaled corticosteroids/long‐acting beta agonists combination therapy. Primary end point(s): Change in trough R5 from baseline after chronic dosing Secondary Objective: Not applicable Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 2 to 3 weeks SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): Remaining IOS variables (R20,R5‐R20,X5,AX,RF); Spirometry (FEV1, FEF25‐75, FVC); Relaxed VC (RVC) with RVC to FVC ratio; Six‐minute walk test (includes oxygen saturation measurements and; Borg dyspnoea score); Domiciliary PIKO‐6 measurements for FEV1 and FEV6; SGRQ; BDI‐TDI Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 2 to 3 weeks INCLUSION CRITERIA: •Male and female volunteers aged 40‐80 years with moderate to severe COPD (GOLD Stage 2, 3). •On inhaled corticosteroids / long‐acting beta agonists •FEV1 30‐80% predicted and FEV1/FVC <70%. •Smoking history =10 pack‐years. •Ability to give informed consent •Agreement for their GP to be made aware of study participation and to receive feedback as relevant to the participant’s well being Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: 0 F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range 7 F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range 7
 Impact of tiotropium on the course of moderate-to-very severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: the UPLIFT trial;  The Understanding Potential Long‐term Improvements in Function with Tiotropium (UPLIFT) trial was a global 4‐year randomized placebo‐controlled clinical trial that evaluated the long‐term impact of tiotropium bromide 18 microg once daily on the accelerated age‐related decline in pre‐ and post‐bronchodilator forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV(1); co‐primary end points). Secondary end points included lung function at serial clinic visits, health‐related quality of life, exacerbations, exacerbation‐related hospitalizations, mortality, safety and tolerability. The study was carried out in 5992 patients (75% male, mean age 65 years, 30% current smokers) with moderate‐to‐very severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease who were permitted to receive prescribed treatment with long‐acting beta(2)‐agonists and/or inhaled corticosteroids in addition to the study drug. While the results failed to show an effect of tiotropium on the primary end points (rate of decline in pre‐ and post‐bronchodilator FEV(1)), they did show improvements in lung function and health‐related quality of life that were maintained throughout the study and a reduction in the risk of exacerbations and related hospitalizations. Tiotropium also reduced all‐cause mortality in patients on treatment over the 4‐year trial period and reduced lower respiratory and cardiovascular morbidity, including respiratory failure and myocardial infarction. Adverse events were consistent with the drug's known anticholinergic pharmacology. [References: 51]
 Impact of tiotropium on the course of moderate-to-very severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: the UPLIFT trial;  The Understanding Potential Long‐term Improvements in Function with Tiotropium (UPLIFT) trial was a global 4‐year randomized placebo‐controlled clinical trial that evaluated the long‐term impact of tiotropium bromide 18 microg once daily on the accelerated age‐related decline in pre‐ and post‐bronchodilator forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV(1); co‐primary end points). Secondary end points included lung function at serial clinic visits, health‐related quality of life, exacerbations, exacerbation‐related hospitalizations, mortality, safety and tolerability. The study was carried out in 5992 patients (75% male, mean age 65 years, 30% current smokers) with moderate‐to‐very severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease who were permitted to receive prescribed treatment with long‐acting beta(2)‐agonists and/or inhaled corticosteroids in addition to the study drug. While the results failed to show an effect of tiotropium on the primary end points (rate of decline in pre‐ and post‐bronchodilator FEV(1)), they did show improvements in lung function and health‐related quality of life that were maintained throughout the study and a reduction in the risk of exacerbations and related hospitalizations. Tiotropium also reduced all‐cause mortality in patients on treatment over the 4‐year trial period and reduced lower respiratory and cardiovascular morbidity, including respiratory failure and myocardial infarction. Adverse events were consistent with the drug's known anticholinergic pharmacology.
 Mepolizumab in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Diseases (COPD) With Eosinophilic Bronchitis;  The current standard of care of patients with moderate to severe COPD is a combination of inhaled corticosteroids, long‐acting beta agonist and a long‐acting muscarinic agonist (3‐5). This treatment recommendation does not consider the heterogeneity of bronchitis in patients with COPD. A third of patients with COPD without asthma may have an eosinophilic bronchitis that is likely to respond to inhaled corticosteroids or prednisone. Approximately 1 in 5 exacerbations are also likely to be associated with an eosinophilic exacerbation (6). This is unlikely to be controlled or prevented by the current recommendations that do not examine bronchitis at the time of exacerbations. None of the major clinical trials that have evaluated treatments that form the basis of current guidelines have examined bronchitis at the time of exacerbations. Quantitative cell counts in sputum provide a reliable method to assess bronchitis. Sputum can be safely induced with hypertonic saline even in patients with moderate and severe COPD. Similarly to asthma (7), the presence of eosinophils in sputum is a predictor of short‐term response in forced expiratory volume at one second (FEV1) and quality of life to inhaled (8) and oral corticosteroids (9). A single study has demonstrated that normalizing eosinophils in sputum in patients with COPD reduces severe exacerbations and hospitalizations by approximately 60% (10). The relative risk reduction in this study is greater than that demonstrated by any study conducted so far in COPD. Long‐term studies have not been conducted. Our recent experience with mepolizumab demonstrated that specifically targeting eosinophils in patient with severe asthma had a prednisone‐sparing effect (11) and decrease exacerbations (11,12). In this study it also improved their lung function including in those patients with associated COPD. This is not surprising given that persistent airway eosinophilia can contribute to airway remodeling (13). Indeed, the improvement in FEV1 was associated with a decrease in sputum hyaluron (14) over the six month treatment period. Changes in lung function and symptoms have not been consistently observed in previous mepolizumab trials (12,15). This is clearly related to how precise the patients where phenotyped in terms of sputum eosinophilia. In studies that recruited patients who had persistent sputum eosinophilia, decrease in exacerbations were associated with improvements in FEV1 (16). It is thus likely that a specific treatment such as anti‐IL5 directed against eosinophils would be superior to the current standard treatment in decreasing exacerbations in patients with COPD who continue to have eosinophils in their airway and whose airway disease has an eosinophil‐driven component as evidenced by persistent airway eosinophilia.
 Tiotropium as a first maintenance drug in COPD: secondary analysis of the UPLIFT trial;  The aim of the present study was investigate the long‐term effect of tiotropium as first maintenance respiratory medication in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). A 4‐yr, randomised, multicentre, double‐blind, parallel‐group, placebo‐controlled trial (Understanding Potential Long‐term Impacts on Function with Tiotropium (UPLIFT) was conducted. Analysis focused on the effect of tiotropium versus matching placebo in the 810 (13.5%) COPD patients not on other maintenance treatment (long‐acting beta‐agonists, inhaled corticosteroids, theophyllines or anticholinergics) at randomisation. Spirometry, health‐related quality of life (St George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) score), exacerbations of COPD and mortality were also analysed. 403 patients (mean+/‐sd age 63+/‐8 yrs, post‐bronchodilator forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV(1)) 53+/‐12% predicted) received tiotropium and 407 (64+/‐8 yrs of age, post‐bronchodilator FEV(1) 51+/‐12% pred) received placebo. Post‐bronchodilator FEV(1) decline was 42+/‐4 mL.yr(‐1) in the tiotropium group and 53+/‐4 mL.yr(‐1) in the placebo group (p = 0.026). At 48 months, the morning pre‐dose FEV(1) was 134 mL higher in the tiotropium group compared to the placebo group (p<0.001). SGRQ total score declined more slowly in the tiotropium group (difference of 1.05+/‐0.34 units.yr(‐1); p = 0.002). This was particularly significant for the impact (difference of 1.08+/‐0.37 units.yr(‐1); p = 0.004) and activity (1.44+/‐0.40 units.yr(‐1); p<0.001) domains, but not for symptoms (0.26+/‐0.50 units.yr(‐1); p = 0.6). At 48 months, the difference in total score was 4.6 units (p<0.001) with tiotropium compared to placebo. In patients with COPD who are not on maintenance therapy, tiotropium is associated with significant benefits in disease progression.
 Captain: effects of adding the long-acting muscarinic antagonist umeclidinium to inhaled corticosteroid/long-acting beta2-agonist therapy on symptoms in patients with inadequately controlled asthma;  Rationale: The Evaluating Respiratory Symptoms in Asthma (E‐RS: Asthma) measure is an 11‐item patient‐reported daily diary derived from the validated E‐RS: COPD tool that has been shown to be reliable and responsive in assessing respiratory symptoms in patients with moderate/severe asthma in an analysis of the Phase IIIA CAPTAIN study and a Phase IIB study (GSK205832). This analysis also identified clinically meaningful change thresholds for E‐RS: Asthma total score (‐2.0 points) and its three subscales: RS‐Breathlessness (‐1.0), RS‐Chest Symptoms (‐0.7), and RS‐Cough and Sputum (‐0.7). Here we present a pooled analysis of CAPTAIN evaluating effects of adding umeclidinium (UMEC) to the inhaled corticosteroid/long‐acting β2‐agonist (ICS/LABA) combination of fluticasone furoate/vilanterol (FF/VI) on symptom burden as measured by the E‐RS: Asthma. Methods: CAPTAIN was a double‐blind, 24‐52‐week, parallel‐group study that randomized adults with uncontrolled asthma despite ICS/LABA therapy. Treatment: once‐daily FF/VI (100/25, 200/25mcg) or FF/UMEC/VI (100/31.25/25, 100/62.5/25, 200/31.25/25, 200/62.5/25mcg) (ELLIPTA inhaler). Here, we compare least squares (LS) mean change from baseline at Weeks 21‐24 in E:RS: Asthma total and subscale scores for pooled FF/UMEC/VI (UMEC 62.5mcg only) with pooled FF/VI data. A corresponding responder analysis evaluated the proportion of patients achieving the minimally important within‐patient change for E‐RS: Asthma total score. Results were not adjusted for multiplicity. Results: All treatment groups had mean improvements (reductions) in RS‐Total score beyond the minimally important within‐patient change (‐2.0). RS‐Total scores showed LS mean (95% confidence interval [CI]) improvements from baseline of ‐2.89 (‐3.15, ‐2.64) and ‐2.47 (‐2.73, ‐2.22) for FF/UMEC 62.5/VI (n=712) and FF/VI (n=703), respectively (Figure). The number of E‐RS responders was higher with FF/UMEC 62.5/VI vs FF/VI (45% vs 41%; odds ratio [95% CI]: 1.18 [0.96, 1.45]). RS‐Breathlessness and RS‐Chest Symptoms were also improved with FF/UMEC 62.5/VI versus FF/VI, with mean differences of ‐0.19 (95% CI ‐0.37, ‐0.01) and ‐0.16 (95% CI ‐0.27, ‐0.05), respectively, with no difference for RS‐Cough and Sputum (‐0.07; 95% CI ‐0.18, 0.05) (Figure). Conclusions: Among patients with uncontrolled asthma, addition of UMEC 62.5mcg to FF/VI produces improvements in E‐RS: Asthma domains related to breathlessness and chest symptoms but has no effect on those related to cough and sputum. The lack of differentiation for FF/UMEC/VI on RS‐Cough and Sputum may relate to the fact that this domain comprises one cough and two sputum items and may therefore be less responsive in asthma; further research on effects of FF/UMEC/VI on cough may be warranted.
 Efficacy and safety of umeclidinium added to fluticasone propionate/salmeterol in patients with COPD: results of a randomized, double-blind study;  Rationale: Umeclidinium (UMEC) is a long‐acting muscarinic antagonist in development for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). The fluticasone propionate/salmeterol combination (FSC; inhaled corticosteroid/long‐acting beta2‐agonist) is indicated for maintenance treatment in patients with COPD. Their distinct mechanisms for achieving bronchodilation provide the opportunity for additive therapy. This study evaluated the efficacy and safety of the addition of UMEC to FSC in patients with COPD. Methods: This was a randomized, double‐blind, parallel‐group study. Eligible patients were randomized 1:1:1 to 12 weeks' treatment with once‐daily UMEC 62.5 mcg, UMEC 125 mcg, or placebo, added to FSC (250/50 mcg twice daily; N=614 [intent‐to‐treat population]). UMEC and placebo were administered via ELLIPTA™ dry powder inhaler and FSC via DISKUS® inhaler. The primary endpoint was trough forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) on Day 85. Secondary endpoints were 0‐6‐hour post‐dose weighted mean (WM) FEV1 on Day 84 and rescue albuterol use. Safety endpoints included the incidence of on‐treatment adverse events (AEs), COPD exacerbations, and the incidence of AEs of special interest (including cardiovascular AEs). Results: Compared with placebo+FSC, both doses of UMEC+FSC produced statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvements in trough FEV1 at Day 85 (see Table) and 0‐6‐hour WM FEV1 at Day 84 (62.5 mcg=0.164 L; 125 mcg=0.160 L; both p<0.001). During Weeks 1‐12, patients in the UMEC+FSC treatment groups experienced more rescue‐free days and greater mean changes from baseline in rescue‐free days (62.5 mcg=59.4% and 13.3 days; 125 mcg=56.1% and 11.1 days) compared with placebo+FSC (49.7% and 4.9 days). For both UMEC+FSC groups rescue albuterol use was reduced by 0.3 puffs/day compared with placebo+FSC (both p<0.05). Incidences of on‐treatment AEs were similar across all groups (62.5 mcg=38%; 125 mcg=37%; placebo=41%); headache and nasopharyngitis were most commonly reported (4‐7% and 2‐5%, respectively). Fewer on‐treatment COPD exacerbations and cardiovascular AEs of special interest were reported with UMEC+FSC (62.5 mcg=4% and <1%, respectively; 125 mcg=3% and 1%) compared with placebo+FSC (6% and 2%). One death in the UMEC 125 mcg+FSC group was reported as study‐drug related in a patient with extensive cardiovascular disease (reported cause: overdose of study medication, stroke and cardio‐respiratory arrest). Conclusions: The addition of once‐daily UMEC (62.5 or 125 mcg) to twice‐daily FSC (250/50 mcg) was well tolerated and resulted in improvements in lung function and rescue use compared with placebo+FSC in patients with COPD. (Table Presented).
 Use of 'low-dose' theophylline to reduce exacerbations of COPD: a pragmatic multicentre randomised placebo controlled trial;  In recent years, interest has arisen in the concept of low‐dose theophylline in the management of COPD. Laboratory investigations demonstrate that at low plasma concentrations (1‐5mg/l) theophylline markedly increases the anti‐inflammatory effects of corticosteroids. The Global Initiative for Chronic Obstructive Lung Disease highlights that the clinical relevance of low‐dose theophylline is not established, with clinical evidence being limited and contradictory. The theophylline with inhaled corticosteroid (TWICS) study was a multi‐centre pragmatic double‐blind randomised placebo‐controlled trial investigating the effectiveness of adding low‐dose theophylline to a drug regimen containing inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) in people with COPD at high risk of exacerbation. Method: People with COPD (FEV1/FVC<0.7) on a drug regimen including ICS with a history of ≥2 exacerbations treated with antibiotics and/or oral corticosteroids in the previous year were recruited in 121 UK primary and secondary care sites. Participants were randomised (1:1) to receive low‐dose theophylline or placebo for a year. Theophylline dose (200mg once/twice a day) was determined by ideal body weight and smoking status. Primary outcome was the number of participant reported exacerbations in the one year treatment period treated with antibiotics and/or oral corticosteroids. Participants were assessed 6 and 12 months after randomisation. The study was powered to detect a 15% reduction in exacerbations and aimed to recruit 1424 participants. Results: 1578 people were randomised: 791 theophylline, 787 placebo. There were 11 post‐randomisation exclusions, 1567 participants commenced study medication: 788 theophylline, 779 placebo. Participants in the trial arms were well balanced; mean (SD) age 68.4 (8.4) years, 54% were male, 31.7% currently smoked, 80% were using inhaled corticosteroids/long‐acting‐beta2‐agonists/long‐acting‐muscarinic agents, mean (SD) FEV1 51.7% (20.0) predicted. A greater than expected number of participants (26%) ceased study medication, this was balanced between theophylline (n=206) and placebo (n=199) arms and mitigated by over‐recruitment (n=154) and high rate of follow up. Primary outcome data were available for 98% of participants: 772 theophylline, 764 placebo, there were 1489 person years of follow up data. There were 3430 moderate‐severe exacerbations: 1727 theophylline, 1703 placebo. The mean (SD) number of exacerbations in participants allocated to theophylline was 2.24 (1.99) and for participants allocated to placebo 2.23 (1.97), adjusted incident rate ratio (95% CI) 0.99 (0.91, 1.08). Conclusion: For people with COPD at high risk of exacerbation, the addition of low‐dose oral theophylline to a drug regimen that includes an inhaled corticosteroid, confers no overall clinical benefit.
 Bronchial rheoplasty for chronic bronchitis: results from a us feasibility study with rheoxtm;  Rationale: Chronic bronchitis, a form of COPD, defined by persistent cough and mucus hypersecretion is associated with poor quality of life, exacerbations, and lung function impairment. Despite pharmacotherapy, patients often remain highly symptomatic. Bronchial Rheoplasty (BR) uses the RheOXTM system to deliver nonthermal pulsed electric fields to airway epithelium and submucosa from the carina to approximately all 5th order bronchi. Preliminary studies have demonstrated. a reduction in airway goblet cell hyperplasia associated with improved symptoms. This U.S. multi‐center, prospective single‐arm observational study evaluated the safety and clinical utility of BR in chronic bronchitis patients. Methods: 21 patients with chronic bronchitis were enrolled at 6 centers in the United States and 17 have been followed to 12 months. Inclusion criteria included sum of CAT Q1 and Q2 (cough and mucous score) ≥ 7 out of a possible 10, FEV1/FVC< 0.7, FEV1< 80% predicted. All patients underwent bilateral BR procedures under general anesthesia. Right‐sided airways were treated first; left‐sided airways were treated one month later. Safety was assessed by the incidence of serious adverse events through 12 months. Clinical utility was evaluated using the St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ), the COPD Assessment Test (CAT), and by tabulating exacerbations. Spirometry was also measured. Results: BR was successfully performed in all 21 patients (mean age 66 + 5.3, 57.1% male, post‐BD FEV1 53.3 + 15.7, FEV1/FVC 51.2 + 14.3, SGRQ 60.1 + 15.5, CAT 26.9 + 4.9). 52.4% of patients were Global Initiative for Obstructive Lung Disease (GOLD) stage II and 47.6% were GOLD stage III. Most patients received Beta2‐agonist and/or longacting muscarinic agonist treatment (85.7%) in combination with an inhaled corticosteroid (81%). There were no device or procedure related serious adverse events through 12 months. One severe COPD exacerbation occurred during the 12‐month follow‐up 218 days following completion of treatment. Mean changes in CAT (MCID 2) at 6 and 12 months were ‐7.6 + 5.1 (p<0.0001) and ‐7.8 + 5.6 (p<0.0001), and in SGRQ (MCID 4)‐13.3 + 11.9 (p<0.0001) and ‐16.5 + 13.0 (p<0.0001) . There were no significant changes in spirometric measures. Conclusion: This study demonstrates that Bronchial Rheoplasty is safe and well‐tolerated. BR results in a clinically meaningful reduction in symptoms and health related quality of life for chronic bronchitis patients through 12 months. A prospective randomized clinical trial is warranted to confirm these findings.
 Dose-ranging study of tiotropium as treatment for moderate persistent asthma in adolescents;  RATIONALE: The long‐acting anticholinergic tiotropium is an established therapy for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease to alleviate airway constriction and is currently being investigated for treatment of asthma (tiotropium Respimat®). Many symptomatic adolescents with asthma uncontrolled on guideline‐conformed therapy may benefit from treatment with tiotropium. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the bronchodilator efficacy and the optimal steady state dose of once‐daily tiotropium inhalation solution delivered by the Respimat® inhaler in adolescents with moderate persistent asthma on concomitant inhaled corticosteroids (ICS). METHODS: Tiotropium (1.25μg, 2.5μg, and 5μg) was evaluated in a 4‐week, randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, incomplete crossover, dose‐ranging trial of participants 12 to 17 years of age with moderate persistent asthma on guideline‐conformed therapy. Diagnostic criteria included pre‐bronchodilator forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) >60% and ≤90% (predicted) and an increase in FEV1 ≥12% and 200mL 15 minutes after 400μg salbutamol (albuterol). Subjects were on stable medium dose ICS as monotherapy or in combination with a long‐acting beta‐agonist or leukotriene modifier for at least 4 weeks prior to screening. A 4‐week run‐in period was followed by three 4‐week treatment periods with once‐daily evening dosing; no washout between treatment periods. The primary efficacy variable was peak FEV1 within 3 hours post‐dosing (FEV1(0‐3h)). RESULTS: The trial enrolled 105 adolescents (67 male, 38 female), with a mean age of 14 years and a mean pre‐bronchodilator FEV1 value of 2.624 L (78% predicted). All doses of tiotropium increased peak FEV1(0‐3h), FEV1 area under the curve within 3 hours post‐dosing (AUC (0‐3h)), and trough FEV1 response compared with placebo. Statistically significant increases for all outcome measures were observed only with the 5μg tiotropium dose versus placebo. The 2.5μg and 5μg tiotropium doses demonstrated superiority to placebo in the measured adjusted mean response after 4 weeks of treatment in pre‐dose morning and evening peak expiratory flow. During treatment, overall occurrence of AEs (at least 1 AE reported) was similar between the guideline‐conformed therapy, 1.25μg, and 2.5μg tiotropium groups (13.3%, 17.3%, and 13.3%, respectively), but was higher in the 5μg tiotropium group (22.5%). The most commonly reported AEs included nasopharyngitis and asthma. CONCLUSION: Tiotropium inhalation solution via the Respimat® inhaler was a safe and effective bronchodilator as add‐on therapy to ICS in this population of adolescents with uncontrolled moderate persistent asthma. Based on these results, 5μg tiotropium once‐daily administered via the Respimat® inhaler appears to be the preferred dose. (Table Presented).
 A 52-week, Double-Blind, Randomized, Placebo Controlled Parallel Group Study to Evaluate the Effect of Roflumilast 500 ?g on Exacerbation Rate in Subjects with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) Treated with a Fixed Dose Combination of Long-Acting Beta Agonist and Inhaled Corticosteroid (LABA/ICS);  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Daliresp® Product Name: Roflumilast Tablet, 500 microg Pharmaceutical Form: Tablet INN or Proposed INN: ROFLUMILAST CAS Number: 162401‐32‐3 Current Sponsor code: BYK20869, B9302‐107, BY217 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 500‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Tablet Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To demonstrate the additional benefit of roflumilast added on; to fixed dose combination LABA/ICS (Advair® 250/50?g; 1 puff b.i.d or, Symbicort® 160/4.5?g 2 puffs b.i.d) in the; reduction of exacerbations in subjects with severe to very; severe COPD. Primary end point(s): The primary efficacy endpoint of the study is the rate of moderate or severe COPD exacerbations per subject per year. Mild exacerbations are defined by increased use of rescue medication 3 or more puffs/day on at least 2 consecutive days during the; double‐blind treatment period. Moderate exacerbations are; defined as a worsening of COPD symptoms necessitating oral or parenteral glucocorticosteroids. Severe exacerbations are defined as worsening of COPD resulting in hospitalization and/or leading to death Secondary Objective: The key secondary objectives will evaluate the effects of roflumilast on lung function (spirometry), COPD symptoms (as collected in diaries), and the safety and tolerability of roflumilast in COPD subjects concomitantly treated with FDC LABA/ICS. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Week 4, 12, 20, 28, 40 and 52 SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): The secondary efficacy endpoint is the change from randomization (Visit 2) over 52 weeks of treatment in prebronchodilator FEV1.; ; Additional Efficacy Endpoints; ; * COPD exacerbation parameters; ‐ Rate of exacerbations in the following categories: mild, moderate, severe, treated with systemic steroids and/or antibiotics, treated with antibiotic therapy only, moderate or severe and/or treated with antibiotics, exacerbations that lead to COPD‐related emergency room visit or hospitalization or death, exacerbations derived from the Exacerbations Chronic Pulmonary Disease Tool ‐ Patient Reported Outcome (EXACT‐PRO) questionnaire, and exacerbations as reported on the eCRF ; ; ‐ Proportion of subject with at least one exacerbation for all categories including moderate or severe exacerbation; ; ‐ Time to first, second, and third moderate or severe exacerbations; ; ‐ Number needed to treat (NNT) to avoid one moderate or severe COPD exacerbation per subject per year; ; ‐ Number of COPD exacerbation days (all categories); ; ‐ Duration of COPD exacerbations (all categories); ; ‐ The algorithm for deriving COPD exacerbations from EXACT‐PRO; questionnaire will be described in the Statistical Analysis Plan (SAP); ; * Spirometry parameters, mean change from baseline over post‐randomization visits during treatment period in; ; ‐ FVC: Forced vital capacity (expiratory); ; ‐ FEV1/FVC: Ratio of forced expiratory volume after 1 second to forced vital capacity; ; ‐ FEV6: Forced expiratory volume in the first 6 seconds; ; * Diary parameters, mean change from baseline over post‐randomization visits during treatment period in; ; ‐ Rescue medication use (puffs/day); ; ‐ EXACT total score, and scores from the Breathlessness, Cough & Sputum, and Chest domains (daily score derived from EXACT‐PRO questionnaire) Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Week 4, 12, 20, 28, 40 and 52 INCLUSION CRITERIA: Inclusion Criteria at Screening (Visit 1) 1. Male or female subjects at least 40 years of age 2. History of COPD (according to GOLD 2010) for at least 12 months prior to Screening (Visit 1) associated with chronic productive cough for 3 months in each of 2 consecutive years (with other causes of productive cough excluded). Only subjects with chronic bronchitis will be included. 3. Forced expiratory volume after 1 second (FEV1)/forced vital capacity (FVC) ratio (postbronchodilator) < 70% at Screening (Visit 1) 4. FEV1 (postbronchodilator) <or= 50% of predicted at Screening (Visit 1) 5. At least two documented moderate or severe COPD exacerbations within 12 months prior to Screening (Visit 1) 6. Subjects must be on FDC LABA/ICS (Advair® 250/50?g 1 puff BID or, Symbicort® 160/4.5 ?g 2 puffs BID) concomitant treatment >or= 3 months prior to Screening (Visit 1) 7. Those subjects who were previously treated with LAMA mu
 A 52-WEEK, DOUBLE-BLIND, RANDOMIZED, PLACEBO-CONTROLLED, PARALLEL-GROUP STUDY TO EVALUATE THE EFFECT OF ROFLUMILAST 500 μg ON EXACERBATION RATE IN SUBJECTS WITH CHRONIC OBSTRUCTIVE PULMONARY DISEASE (COPD) TREATED WITH A FIXED-DOSE COMBINATION OF LONG-ACTING BETA AGONIST AND INHALED CORTICOSTEROID (LABA/ICS);  INTERVENTION: THE STUDY WILL CONSIST OF 2 WEEKS OF SINGLE‐ BLIND PLACEBO LEAD‐IN WITH FDC LABA/ICS TREATMENT FOLOWED BY 52 WEEKS OF DOUBLE‐BLIND TREATMENT IN ADDITION TO MAINTENANCE FDC LABA/ICS. SUBJECTS WILL BE STRATIFIED TO TWO STRATA BASED ON THEIR BACKGROUND LAMA USE (LAMA, NO LAMA). AT THE END OF THE SINGLE‐BLIND PERIOD, SUBJECTS MEETING THE ENTRY CRITERIA FOR THIS STUDY WILL BE RANDOMIZED (1:1) TO ONE OF TWO DOUBLE‐BLIND TREATMENT GROUPS (ROFLUMILAST OR PLACEBO) WITHIN THE APPROPRIATE STRATUM. THE LAMA STRATUM WILL NOT ENROLL MORE THAN 60% OF THE TOTAL PLANNED NUMBER OF SUBJECTS. ALL SUBJECTS RANDOMIZED INTO THE STUDY WILL BE CONTACTED BY PHONE APPROXIMATELY 30 DAYS AFTER STUDY COMPLETION TO ASSESS EXACERBATIONS AND ADVERSE EVENTS. ALL SUBJECTS WILL BE REQUIRD RO RECORD THEIR COPD SYMPTOMS (BY EXACT‐PRO) AND FREQUENCY OF RESCUE MEDICATION USE IN AN ELECTRONIC DIARY PROVIDED BY THE SPONSOR. THE STUDY DESIGN INCLUDES A 2‐WEEK SINGLE‐BLIND, LEAD‐IN PERIOD TO ASSESS STUDY MEDICATION COMPLIANCE, BASELINE DISEASE SEVERITY, AND FREQUENCY OF RESCUE MEDICATION USE. THE 52‐WEEK TREATMENT PERIOD IS CONSIDERED APPROPRIATE TO INVESTIGATE THE PRIMARY ENDPOINT, REDUCTION OF EXACERBATION RATE, TAKING INTO ACCOUNT THE SEASONAL VARIATIONS OF COPD EXACERBATIONS DURING THE YEAR (DONALDSON ET AL, 1999). CONDITION: PRIMARY OUTCOME: Rate of moderate or severe COPD exacerbations per subject per year.; NAME OF THE RESULT: Rate of moderate or severe COPD exacerbations per subject per year.; USED MEASURING METHOD :It will be analyzed using a negative binomial regression model with the number of exacerbations per subject as dependent variable and treatment and stratum (LAMA, no‐LAMA) as independent variables.; PERIOD OF TIME WHERE THE MEASUREMENT WILL BE CONDUCTED AND WHICH WILL ALLOW OBTAINING THE PRIMARY RESULT: 52 weeks. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Change from the randomisation (2 visit) over 52 weeks of treatment in Prebronchodilator Forced Expiratory Volume in 1 second (FEV1). ; NAME OF THE RESULT: Change from the randomisation (2 visit) over 52 weeks of treatment in Prebronchodilator Forced Expiratory Volume in 1 second (FEV1). ; USED MEASURING METHOD :It will be used a mixed model for repeated measurements (MMRM) The dependent variable will be the change from randomization (visit 2) to each scheduled post‐randomization visit. Time will be used as a categorical variable and will represent the scheduled number of weeks since randomization. (visit 2) ; PERIOD OF TIME WHERE THE MEASUREMENT WILL BE CONDUCTED AND WHICH WILL ALLOW OBTAINING THE SECONDARY RESULT: 52 weeks INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. MALE OR FEMALE SUBJECTS AT LEAST 40 YEARS OF AGE. 2. HISTORY OF COPD (ACCORDING TO GOLD 2010) FOR AT LEAST 12 MONTHS PRIOR TO SCREENING (VISIT 1) ASSOCIATED WITH CHRONIC PRODUCTIVE COUGH FOR 3 MONTHS IN EACH OF 2 CONSECUTIVE YEARS (WITH OTHER CAUSES OF PRODUCTIVE COUGH EXCLUDED). ONLY SUBJECTS WITH CHRONIC BRONCHITIS WILL BE INCLUDED. 3. FORCED EXPIRATORY VOLUME AFTER 1 SECOND (FEV₁)/FORCED VITAL CAPACITY (FVC) RATIO (POSTBRONCHODILATOR) < 70% AT SCREENING (VISIT 1). 4. FEV₁ (POSTBRONCHODILATOR) ≤ 50% OF PREDICTED AT SCREENING (VISIT 1). 5. AT LEAST TWO DOCUMENTED MODERATE OR SEVERE COPD EXACERBATIONS WIHTIN 12 MONTHS PRIOR TO SCREENING (VISIT 1). 6. SUBJECTS MUST BE ON FDC LABA/ICS (ADVAIR® 250/50 μg 1 puff BID OR, SYMBICORT® 160/4,5 μg 2 puffs BID) CONCOMITANT TREATMENT ≥ 3 MONTHS PRIOR TO SCREENING (VISIT 1). 7. THSE SUBJECTS WHO WERE PREVIOUSLY TREATED WITH LAMA MUST HAVE BEEN ON A STABLE DOSE FOR X
 Tiotropium is effective in patients with severe asthma without evidence of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  Rationale Given the known effectiveness of tiotropium in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and the significant benefit observed in COPD patients with concomitant features of asthma, it is relevant to investigate whether patients included in the recent large trials of tiotropium in asthma can be confidently considered to have asthma alone. Methods Baseline characteristics were analysed for patients enrolled in two replicate Phase III, randomised, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, parallel‐group studies of tiotropium in asthma patients symptomatic despite treatment with inhaled corticosteroids plus long‐acting beta agonists (Kerstjens et al. NEJM 2012). The entry criteria were: age 18‐75 years; asthma diagnosed before the age of 40 years; =5‐year history of asthma; score of =1.5 in the Asthma Control Questionnaire (ACQ) 7; and life‐long non‐smokers or ex‐smokers (<10 pack‐years). Patients were also required to have persistent airflow limitation. Asthma diagnosis was confirmed in line with current Global Initiative for Asthma guidelines. Patients with a diagnosis of COPD or other lung disease were excluded from the studies. Results 912 patients were enrolled: 456 received add‐on treatment with tiotropium and 456 received placebo. Mean age of the study population was 53.0 years; 37.6% of patients were aged =50 years. Mean age at diagnosis of asthma was 22.7 (range 0‐44) years. Median duration of asthma was 28.0 (range 5‐72) years, with 76.5% of patients having asthma for =20 years before enrolment. The majority of patients (75.9%) were life‐long non‐smokers; 24.1% were ex‐smokers with a median number of pack‐years of only 5.0. Mean ACQ score was 2.6 (range 1‐5). Mean immunoglobulin E was 1210 μmol/L. The mean ( ± SD) bronchodilator response to salbutamol was 217 ± 217 mL. Conclusions The age of onset, duration of symptoms, lack of smoking, allergic status and bronchodilator response provide reasonable certainty that the patients enrolled in these studies had asthma and not COPD. Features compatible with COPD were thus more likely to reflect the effects of long‐standing severe persistent asthma than the alternative diagnosis, and the efficacy demonstrated by tiotropium to represent improvement of asthma.
 Tiotropium is effective in patients with severe asthma without evidence of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  Rationale Given the known effectiveness of tiotropium in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and the significant benefit observed in COPD patients with concomitant features of asthma, it is relevant to investigate whether patients included in the recent large trials of tiotropium in asthma can be confidently considered to have asthma alone. Methods Baseline characteristics were analysed for patients enrolled in two replicate Phase III, randomised, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, parallel‐group studies of tiotropium in asthma patients symptomatic despite treatment with inhaled corticosteroids plus long‐acting beta agonists (Kerstjens et al. NEJM 2012). The entry criteria were: age 18‐75 years; asthma diagnosed before the age of 40 years; =5‐year history of asthma; score of =1.5 in the Asthma Control Questionnaire (ACQ) 7; and life‐long non‐smokers or ex‐smokers (<10 pack‐years). Patients were also required to have persistent airflow limitation. Asthma diagnosis was confirmed in line with current Global Initiative for Asthma guidelines. Patients with a diagnosis of COPD or other lung disease were excluded from the studies. Results 912 patients were enrolled: 456 received add‐on treatment with tiotropium and 456 received placebo. Mean age of the study population was 53.0 years; 37.6% of patients were aged =50 years. Mean age at diagnosis of asthma was 22.7 (range 0‐44) years. Median duration of asthma was 28.0 (range 5‐72) years, with 76.5% of patients having asthma for =20 years before enrolment. The majority of patients (75.9%) were life‐long non‐smokers; 24.1% were ex‐smokers with a median number of pack‐years of only 5.0. Mean ACQ score was 2.6 (range 1‐5). Mean immunoglobulin E was 1210 μmol/L. The mean ( ± SD) bronchodilator response to salbutamol was 217 ± 217 mL. Conclusions The age of onset, duration of symptoms, lack of smoking, allergic status and bronchodilator response provide reasonable certainty that the patients enrolled in these studies had asthma and not COPD. Features compatible with COPD were thus more likely to reflect the effects of long‐standing severe persistent asthma than the alternative diagnosis, and the efficacy demonstrated by tiotropium to represent improvement of asthma.
 Tiotropium is effective in patients with severe asthma without evidence of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  Rationale: Given the known effectiveness of tiotropium in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and the significant benefit observed in COPD patients with concomitant features of asthma (Magnussen et al. Respir Med 2008;102:50‐6), it is relevant to investigate whether patients included in the recent large trials of tiotropium in asthma can be confidently considered to have asthma alone. Methods: Baseline characteristics were analysed for patients enrolled in two replicate Phase III, randomised, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, parallel‐group studies (NCT00772538 and NCT00776984) of tiotropium in asthma patients symptomatic despite treatment with inhaled corticosteroids plus long‐acting beta agonists (Kerstjens et al. NEJM 2012;367:1198‐207). The entry criteria were: age 18‐75 years; asthma diagnosed before the age of 40 years; ≥5‐year history of asthma; score of ≥1.5 in the Asthma Control Questionnaire (ACQ) 7; and life‐long non‐smokers or ex‐smokers (<10 pack‐years). Patients were also required to have persistent airflow limitation. Asthma diagnosis was confirmed using ≥1 of the following criteria in line with current Global Initiative for Asthma guidelines: an increased hyper‐responsiveness to histamine or methacholine; a glucocorticosteroid or beta‐adrenergic agonist response resulting in either a forced expiratory volume in 1 second increase of ≥12% and ≥200 mL from baseline or a peak expiratory flow variability of ≥20%. Patients with a diagnosis of COPD or other lung disease were excluded from the studies. Results: 912 patients were enrolled: 456 received add‐on treatment with tiotropium and 456 received placebo. Mean age of the study population was 53.0 years; 37.6% of patients were aged ≤50 years. Mean age at diagnosis of asthma was 22.7 (range 0‐44) years. Median duration of asthma was 28.0 (range 5‐72) years, with 76.5% of patients having asthma for ≥20 years before enrolment. The majority of patients (75.9%) were life‐long non‐smokers; 24.1% were ex‐smokers with a median number of pack‐years of only 5.0. Mean ACQ score was 2.6 (range 1‐5). Mean immunoglobulin E was 1210 μmol/L. The mean (±SD) bronchodilator response to salbutamol was 217±217 mL. Conclusions: The age of onset, duration of symptoms, lack of smoking, allergic status and bronchodilator response provide reasonable certainty that the patients enrolled in these studies had asthma and not COPD. Features compatible with COPD were thus more likely to reflect the effects of long‐standing severe persistent asthma than the alternative diagnosis, and the efficacy demonstrated to represent improvement of asthma.
 Tiotropium decreases the risk of exacerbations in patients with symptomatic asthma regardless of baseline characteristics including markers of allergic status;  Rationale The addition of tiotropium provides bronchodilation and reduces exacerbations in patients with severe asthma (Kerstjens et al. NEJM 2012). Subgroup analyses were performed to determine whether this positive effect was limited to definable subgroups. Methods Eligible patients: were aged 18‐75 years; had a =5‐year history of asthma; were diagnosed before the age of 40; scored =1.5 on Asthma Control Questionnaire 7; and were life‐long non‐smokers or ex‐smokers (<10 pack‐years) who quit smoking =1 year before study enrolment. Patients had experienced =1 exacerbation in the previous year. Time to first severe exacerbation from the pooled data after 48 weeks was one of three primary end points. Secondary end points included time to first episode of asthma worsening. Subgroup analyses of time to first severe exacerbation were performed in groups defined by baseline characteristics, including age, allergic status, smoking status and reversibility. Results 912 patients were randomised: 456 received 5 μg tiotropium via Respimat® Soft Mist™ Inhaler and 456 received placebo once daily for 48 weeks. In the total study group, the time to first severe exacerbation was increased by the addition of tiotropium (risk reduction 21%; hazard ratio 0.79; p = 0.03). The time to first episode of asthma worsening was increased in the tiotropium group compared with placebo (risk reduction 31%; hazard ratio 0.69; p < 0.001). Subgroup analyses showed that neither the time to first severe exacerbation (Figure) nor the time to first episode of asthma worsening was dependent on baseline characteristics (no significant interactions). Conclusions The increase in time to first severe exacerbation and first episode of asthma worsening found with the addition of tiotropium was not limited to specific subgroups of patients, including some characteristics that are usually found in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, such as former smoking, non‐allergic status or minimal reversibility. Tiotropium seems effective across a broad spectrum of patients with severe persistent asthma who remain symptomatic and experience exacerbations despite the combination use of moderate‐ to high‐dose inhaled corticosteroids plus long‐acting beta agonists.
 Tiotropium decreases the risk of exacerbations in patients with symptomatic asthma regardless of baseline characteristics;  Rationale: The addition of tiotropium provides bronchodilation and reduces exacerbations in patients with severe asthma (Kerstjens et al. NEJM 2012;367:1198‐207). Subgroup analyses were performed to determine whether this positive effect was limited to definable subgroups of patients. Methods: Eligible patients: were aged 18‐75 years; had a ≥5‐year history of asthma; were diagnosed before the age of 40 years; scored ≥1.5 on the Asthma Control Questionnaire 7; and were life‐long non‐smokers or ex‐smokers (≤10 pack‐years) who quit smoking ≥1 year before study enrolment. Patients had experienced ≥1 exacerbation in the previous year. Time to first severe exacerbation (defined as asthma deterioration necessitating initiation or doubling of systemic glucocorticosteroids) from the pooled data after 48 weeks was a primary end point. Secondary end points included time to first episode of asthma worsening (defined as either progressive increase in symptoms or a decline of ≥30% in the best morning peak expiratory flow for ≥2 consecutive days). Subgroup analyses of time to first severe exacerbation were performed in groups defined by baseline characteristics, including age, allergic status, smoking status and reversibility. Results: 912 patients were randomised: 456 received 5 μg tiotropium via the Respimat® Soft Mist™ Inhaler and 456 received placebo once daily for 48 weeks. In the total study group, the time to first severe exacerbation was increased by the addition of tiotropium (risk reduction 21%; hazard ratio 0.79; p=0.03). The time to first episode of asthma worsening was increased in the tiotropium group compared with placebo (risk reduction 31%; hazard ratio 0.69; p<0.001). Subgroup analyses showed that neither the time to first severe exacerbation (Figure) nor the time to first episode of asthma worsening was dependent on baseline characteristics (no significant interactions). Conclusions: The increase in time to first severe exacerbation and first episode of asthma worsening found with the addition of tiotropium was not limited to specific subgroups of patients, including some characteristics that are usually found in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, such as former smoking, non‐allergic status or minimal reversibility. Tiotropium seems effective across a broad spectrum of patients with severe persistent asthma who remain symptomatic and experience exacerbations despite the combination use of moderate‐ to high‐dose inhaled corticosteroids plus long‐acting beta agonists. (Table Presented).
 Tiotropium decreases the risk of exacerbations in patients with symptomatic asthma regardless of baseline characteristics including markers of allergic status;  Rationale The addition of tiotropium provides bronchodilation and reduces exacerbations in patients with severe asthma (Kerstjens et al. NEJM 2012). Subgroup analyses were performed to determine whether this positive effect was limited to definable subgroups. Methods Eligible patients: were aged 18‐75 years; had a =5‐year history of asthma; were diagnosed before the age of 40; scored =1.5 on Asthma Control Questionnaire 7; and were life‐long non‐smokers or ex‐smokers (<10 pack‐years) who quit smoking =1 year before study enrolment. Patients had experienced =1 exacerbation in the previous year. Time to first severe exacerbation from the pooled data after 48 weeks was one of three primary end points. Secondary end points included time to first episode of asthma worsening. Subgroup analyses of time to first severe exacerbation were performed in groups defined by baseline characteristics, including age, allergic status, smoking status and reversibility. Results 912 patients were randomised: 456 received 5 μg tiotropium via Respimat® Soft Mist™ Inhaler and 456 received placebo once daily for 48 weeks. In the total study group, the time to first severe exacerbation was increased by the addition of tiotropium (risk reduction 21%; hazard ratio 0.79; p = 0.03). The time to first episode of asthma worsening was increased in the tiotropium group compared with placebo (risk reduction 31%; hazard ratio 0.69; p < 0.001). Subgroup analyses showed that neither the time to first severe exacerbation (Figure) nor the time to first episode of asthma worsening was dependent on baseline characteristics (no significant interactions). Conclusions The increase in time to first severe exacerbation and first episode of asthma worsening found with the addition of tiotropium was not limited to specific subgroups of patients, including some characteristics that are usually found in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, such as former smoking, non‐allergic status or minimal reversibility. Tiotropium seems effective across a broad spectrum of patients with severe persistent asthma who remain symptomatic and experience exacerbations despite the combination use of moderate‐ to high‐dose inhaled corticosteroids plus long‐acting beta agonists.
 The FANFirst Study: feasibility of a trial of a handheld-fan based breathlessness treatment in COPD;  INTERVENTION: Design: The study is a 16‐week (112 day) randomised controlled trial (RCT) which will be operated over four centres. An RCT is a rigorously monitored study which attempts, as far as is possible, to reduce all aspects that might interfere with a study’s outcome, apart from the intervention/treatment being studied. In an RCT like this one, where there are two study groups, one group is chosen at random to receive the intervention while the other group does not. At the end of the RCT, the outcomes are compared between the two groups. There will be two study arms: 1) those selected randomly to receive the FanFIRST intervention* and 2) a control group who will receive treatment as usual, without the FanFIRST intervention. It is important that we include both those randomised to the intervention, and those that are not, in order to understand if any observed or reported benefits can be understood as a direct result of the intervention. The study is a feasibility study and is therefore being run in order to inform whether a larger trial involving a greater number of participants and study sites would be justified. Those that are not initially randomised to the intervention arm will be able to receive the FanFIRST intervention after they complete the study. In designing the study, patient and public participation has been incorporated. For example, breathlessness management was highlighted by PPI representatives as critical in COPD and they supported the use of hand‐held fans (HHFs) to reduce SABA overreliance. PPI is embedded throughout the trial with representatives having reviewed and commented on patient facing documents and contributing to oversight groups. *The FanFIRST Intervention includes: hand‐held fan (HHF) provision; verbal and written instruction in HHF‐use, breath CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease ; Respiratory PRIMARY OUTCOME: Mean daily SABA use from baseline (days ‐28‐0) at days 56 ‐ 84. Daily SABA use will be recorded throughout the trial SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1. COPD Assessment Test (CAT) score at Day ‐28, 0, 28, 56, and 84; 2. Breathlessness numerical rating scales for ‘worst’, ‘distress caused by’ and ‘coping with’ breathlessness within the past 24 hours at Day ‐28, 0, 28, 56, and 84 ; 3. Modelled annual SABA inhaler/cannister pick‐up rate will be reported (based on number of actuations at baseline (days ‐28 – 0) and between days 56 and 84; 4. Health‐related quality‐of‐life: EQ‐5D‐5L and VAS at Day ‐28, 0 and 84; 5. Healthcare‐resource‐utilisation measured using self‐reported usage and medical records at Day 0, 28, 56 and 84 ; 6. Modelled CO2e (for COPD treatments alone and combined for COPD treatments, study intervention and healthcare‐resource‐utilisation) using calculated carbon footprint of fan, calculated carbon footprint of inhalers, as well as calculated carbon footprint of healthcare utilisation while in the study at Day ‐28 – Day 84; ; Feasibility outcome measures:; 1. Recruitment and retention: recruitment rate (per site and aggregated), eligibility to consent ratio, screen failures and participant retention measured using completed consent forms, screening and enrolment logs, and number of participants completing the study at Day ‐28 and end of study; 2. Data quality and integrity: Amount and pattern of missing data (SABA inhaler use) measured through sensor recorded data collected perpetually throughout participant duration e.g., Day ‐28 – Day 112; 3. Intervention: feasibility, acceptability and fidelity of the intervention will be measured through adherence in delivery and uptake of the intervention (as a whole and individual intervention components) as documented in the eCRF. Overall intervention acceptability will be assessed via qualitative interviews conducted at the end of participants participation in the RCT e.g., post‐Day 112. For those participants that withdrew from the study, interviews may be held at any time post‐withdrawal. INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Adults aged > = 30 years 2. Clinician diagnosed COPD with airflow obstruction, confirmed on spirometry (FEV‐1/FVC ratio < 0.7) 3. Current or ex‐smokers with > = 10 pack‐year smoking history 4. Modified Medical Research Council Dyspnoea Scale (mMRC) breathlessness score > = 2 5. Patients receiving optimal guideline recommended inhaled treatment for COPD, including a minimum of dual‐acting bronchodilator therapy (long‐acting beta‐agonist and long‐acting muscarinic antagonist) with or without an inhaled corticosteroid. 6. Patients prescribed > = 12 SABA inhalers/canisters within the past year with self‐reported SABA use most days. Only those prescribed a pressurised metered dose inhaler (pMDI) SABA are eligible for inclusion. 7. Provision of written informed consent 8. Willing and able to comply with all required study activities
 A novel study design for the comparison between once-daily QVA149 and twice-daily salmeterol/fluticasone on the reduction of COPD exacerbations: the flame study;  PURPOSE: Current COPD treatment guidelines recommend long‐acting β ‐agonist/inhaled corticosteroids (LABA/ICS) for severe COPD patients with a history of exacerbations. The 26‐week ILLUMINATE study in moderate‐to‐severe COPD patients showed superiority of QVA149 versus the LABA/ICS salmeterol/fluticasone combination (SFC) in lung function. A novel study design to evaluate the effect of QVA149 versus SFC on COPD exacerbations in more severe patients with a history of exacerbations is presented. METHODS: This multicenter, double‐blind, active‐controlled study will randomize ∼3332 patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD (1:1) to once‐daily QVA149 (110μg indacaterol/50μg glycopyrronium) or twice‐daily SFC (50/500μg) for 52 weeks. The study will have a 1‐week screening, a 4‐week run‐in where tiotropium rather than rescue therapy alone will be provided to all patients, a 52‐week blinded treatment, and a 30‐day follow‐up period. Patients ≥40 years, history of ≥1 COPD exacerbations in the past 12 months requiring systemic glucocorticosteroids and/or antibiotics and post‐bronchodilator forced expiratory volume in 1 second ≥25 and <60% predicted value will be included. RESULTS: Primary objective: to show that QVA149 is non‐inferior to SFC for annual rate of all COPD exacerbations (mild/moderate/severe). Secondary outcomes: evaluating potential superiority of QVA149 versus SFC for annual rate of all exacerbations time to first COPD exacerbations, lung function, health status, safety and tolerability. CONCLUSIONS: This study should provide the first evidence about the long‐term effect of QVA149 on reduction of COPD exacerbations when compared with LABA/ICS in patients with a history of exacerbations. In addition, the data from the study should provide more evidence on additional benefits of LABA/long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) QVA149 over LABA/ICS in terms of improvements in lung function, health status, rescue medication use and safety in patients with COPD.
 Evaluation of efficacy and safety of switching to QVA149 from salmeterol/fluticasone in symptomatic patients with moderate-to-severe COPD: the flash study;  Introduction: Although inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) therapy is recommended only for COPD patients at an increased risk of future exacerbations, it is often prescribed for moderate COPD patients at a low risk of exacerbations. The ILLUMINATE study demonstrated superiority of QVA149 (LABA/LAMA) 110/ 50 μg once daily (o.d.) versus salmeterol+fluticasone (SFC; LABA/ICS) 50/500 μg twice daily (b.i.d.) in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD with no exacerbation in the previous year. The FLASH study will evaluate the efficacy and safety of switching to QVA149 from SFC in symptomatic, infrequently exacerbating patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD. Methods: This multicentre double‐blind parallel group study will randomize approximately 492 patients (sample size calculated in order to detect trough pre‐dose FEV1 change of 70 mL with 90% power) to receive either QVA149 110/50 μg o.d. or SFC 50/500 μg b.i.d. for 12 weeks. The study will include COPD patients ≥40 years, without asthma, with postbronchodilator FEV1/FVC 30%‐80% predicted, symptomatic (CAT score ≥10) and on prior treatment with SFC for ≥3 months, but with ≤1 moderate‐severe exacerbation in the previous year. Open‐label SFC will be given during the 2‐week screening period without a washout period. The primary objective is to demonstrate superiority of QVA149 versus SFC on trough pre‐dose FEV1 at Week 12. Secondary objectives are change in TDI total score, FVC, CAT score at Week 12, and rescue medication use, safety and tolerability over 12 weeks. Conclusion: The study results will provide evidence related to the benefits and safety of switching to QVA149 from SFC in symptomatic, infrequently exacerbating patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD.
 Efficacy of roflumilast in elderly patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  RATIONALE: Research has shown age to be a risk factor for exacerbations in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Thus, a COPD patient's age may be an important consideration when deciding on a treatment strategy. The new, oral phosphodiesterase‐4 inhibitor roflumilast has demonstrated efficacy in reducing exacerbations and improving lung function in COPD patients. The results of 2 pivotal studies of COPD patients treated with roflumilast (M2‐124 and M2‐125) were pooled to examine efficacy in patients within different age groups. METHODS: Data were pooled from two 52‐week pivotal trials examining the effect of roflumilast (500μg QD) in patients with severe‐to‐very‐severe COPD. A prespecified analysis compared the effect of roflumilast with placebo among patients aged 40‐65 or >65 years. Rates of moderate or severe exacerbations and changes from baseline in pre‐ and post‐bronchodilator FEV1 were examined. RESULTS: A total of 3091 patients were randomized to receive roflumilast (878 patients aged ≤65 years and 659 aged >65 years) and placebo, (883 patients aged ≤65 years and 671 aged >65 years). Baseline demographics were comparable between roflumilast‐ and placebo‐treated patients within the age stratifications, although there were slight increases in the percentages treated during the study with short‐acting muscarinics, long‐acting beta‐2 agonists, or previously treated with inhaled corticosteroids in the older age groups. Roflumilast significantly reduced the rate of moderate or severe exacerbations compared with placebo in both the ≤65 (15.3%; P=0.0128) and >65 age groups (21.2%; P=0.0035). Treatment with roflumilast in both the ≤65 and >65 year age ranges resulted in similar and significant improvements in pre‐ and post‐bronchodilator FEV1 at all time points versus placebo (P<0.0001). Those treated with roflumilast from baseline to 52 weeks showed increases in pre‐bronchodilator FEV1 of 50mL and 49mL over placebo (both P<0.0001) in patients ≤65 years and >65 years, respectively. For post‐bronchodilator FEV1, increases of 55mL and 57mL over placebo (≤65 and >65 years, respectively) were also observed following roflumilast treatment for 52 weeks (both P<0.0001). Adverse event (AE) rates in all AE categories were higher in patients >65 years versus patients ≤65 years, but differences between the roflumilast and placebo arms remained consistent for both age groups. CONCLUSIONS: Treatment with roflumilast compared with placebo reduced the rate of exacerbations and improved lung function in both younger and older patients with severe‐to‐very‐severe COPD. These data suggest that roflumilast can be used effectively and safely in COPD patients regardless of age.
 Tiotropium decreases the risk of exacerbations in patients with symptomatic asthma regardless of baseline characteristics;  Background and Aim of Study The addition of tiotropium provides bronchodilation and reduces exacerbations in patients with severe asthma (Kerstjens et al. NEJM 2012;367:1198‐207). Subgroup analyses were performed to determine whether this positive effect was limited to definable subgroups of patients. Methods Eligible patients had a ≥5‐year history of asthma, and had experienced ≥1 exacerbation in the previous year. Time to first severe exacerbation from the pooled data after 48 weeks was a primary end point. Secondary end points included time to first episode of asthma worsening. Subgroup analyses of time to first severe exacerbation were performed in groups defined by baseline characteristics, including age, allergic status, smoking status and reversibility. Results 912 patients were randomised: 456 received 5 μg tiotropium via the Respimat® Soft MistTM Inhaler and 456 received placebo once daily for 48 weeks. In the total study group, the time to first severe exacerbation was increased by the addition of tiotropium (risk reduction 21%; hazard ratio 0.79; p = 0.03). The time to first episode of asthma worsening was increased in the tiotropium group compared with placebo (risk reduction 31%; hazard ratio 0.69; p < 0.001). Subgroup analyses showed that neither the time to first severe exacerbation nor the time to first episode of asthma worsening was dependent on baseline characteristics (no significant interactions). Conclusions The increase in time to first severe exacerbation and first episode of asthma worsening found with the addition of tiotropium was not limited to specific subgroups of patients, including some characteristics that are usually found in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, such as former smoking, non‐allergic status or minimal reversibility. Tiotropium seems effective across a broad spectrum of patients with severe persistent asthma who remain symptomatic and experience exacerbations despite the combination use of moderate‐ to high‐dose inhaled corticosteroids plus longacting beta agonists.
 Tiotropium decreases the risk of exacerbations in patients with symptomatic asthma regardless of baseline characteristics;  Background and Aim of Study The addition of tiotropium provides bronchodilation and reduces exacerbations in patients with severe asthma (Kerstjens et al. NEJM 2012;367:1198‐207). Subgroup analyses were performed to determine whether this positive effect was limited to definable subgroups of patients. Methods Eligible patients had a ≥5‐year history of asthma, and had experienced ≥1 exacerbation in the previous year. Time to first severe exacerbation from the pooled data after 48 weeks was a primary end point. Secondary end points included time to first episode of asthma worsening. Subgroup analyses of time to first severe exacerbation were performed in groups defined by baseline characteristics, including age, allergic status, smoking status and reversibility. Results 912 patients were randomised: 456 received 5 μg tiotropium via the Respimat® Soft MistTM Inhaler and 456 received placebo once daily for 48 weeks. In the total study group, the time to first severe exacerbation was increased by the addition of tiotropium (risk reduction 21%; hazard ratio 0.79; p = 0.03). The time to first episode of asthma worsening was increased in the tiotropium group compared with placebo (risk reduction 31%; hazard ratio 0.69; p < 0.001). Subgroup analyses showed that neither the time to first severe exacerbation nor the time to first episode of asthma worsening was dependent on baseline characteristics (no significant interactions). Conclusions The increase in time to first severe exacerbation and first episode of asthma worsening found with the addition of tiotropium was not limited to specific subgroups of patients, including some characteristics that are usually found in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, such as former smoking, non‐allergic status or minimal reversibility. Tiotropium seems effective across a broad spectrum of patients with severe persistent asthma who remain symptomatic and experience exacerbations despite the combination use of moderate‐ to high‐dose inhaled corticosteroids plus longacting beta agonists.
 Proactive E-consults to Improve Management of COPD in People Living With HIV: a Cluster-randomized Trial;  Rationale: COPD is often poorly managed in people with HIV (PWH), who have a higher prevalence of COPD and active smoking than uninfected persons. We sought to determine if proactive Econsults delivered to Infectious Diseases (ID) clinicians improves management of COPD in PWH. Methods: We conducted a cluster‐randomized trial at seven VA Medical Centers, randomizing ID clinicians to usual care (UC) or E‐consult. Eligible patients included all PWH who had diagnoses of COPD and upcoming outpatient appointments with an enrolled clinician. Study pulmonologists, blinded to management arm, reviewed the electronic health record (EHR) and determined whether patients were receiving appropriate COPD care; we then prepared E‐consults with recommendations and orders to improve care for all patients. Intervention clinicians received the Econsults via the EHR during 10/2019‐7/2022, along with pre‐populated orders for clinicians to accept/sign, modify, or discontinue. UC clinicians did not receive E‐consults or pre‐populated orders. Our primary outcome was improvement in COPD care quality within 6 months. Here, we present results focused on prescribing of long‐acting inhalers (beta‐agonists, anti‐muscarinics, and corticosteroids) and smoking cessation medications. We used logistic regression to estimate outcome proportions with 95% confidence intervals (CI), accounting for patient clustering by clinician. The study was IRB approved at all sites. Results: Pulmonologists prepared E‐consults for 130 patients in the intervention and 140 in the UC arm (27 and 22 clinicians in each arm, respectively). There were no significant differences in clinician or patient characteristics by arm. Patients were primarily older men (median age 65, 96% male); 61% were Black, 36% White, and 49% currently smoked. Median CD4 was 554 (IQR, 363, 769), and 75% had HIV viral load that was undetectable/below limit of detection. Overall, pulmonologists made 618 care recommendations in the intervention arm and 700 in UC (median 4/patient); 163 recommendations (92 intervention, 71 UC) included orders for long‐acting inhalers and 61 (33 intervention, 28 UC) for smoking cessation medications. Clinicians made 90% (95% CI 82%, 98%) of recommended changes to long‐acting inhalers in the intervention arm compared to 7% (95% CI 0.5%, 14%) in UC. For smoking cessation, clinicians prescribed 67% (95% CI 47%, 86%) and 21% (95% CI 5%, 38%) of recommended medications in intervention and UC arms, respectively. Conclusions: Proactive Econsults with pre‐populated orders delivered to ID clinicians can improve management of COPD in PWH. PWH who had E‐consults were significantly more likely to receive appropriate prescriptions for long‐acting inhalers and smoking cessation.
 Dose-ranging study of tiotropium as treatment for moderate persistent asthma in adolescents;  Rationale: The long‐acting anticholinergic tiotropium is an established therapy for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease to alleviate airway constriction and is currently being investigated for treatment of asthma (tiotropium Respimat®). Many symptomatic adolescents with asthma uncontrolled on guideline‐conformed therapy may benefit from treatment with tiotropium. Objective: To investigate the bronchodilator efficacy and the optimal steady state dose of once‐daily tiotropium inhalation solution delivered by the Respimat® inhaler in adolescents with moderate persistent asthma being uncontrolled on concomitant inhaled corticosteroids (ICS). Methods: Tiotropium (1.25μg, 2.5μg, and 5μg) was evaluated in a 4‐week, randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, incomplete crossover, dose‐ranging trial of participants 12 to 17 years of age with moderate persistent asthma on guideline‐con‐formed therapy. Diagnostic criteria included prebronchodila‐tor forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) >60% and ≥90% (predicted) and an increase in FEV1; ≥12% and 200mL 15 min after 400ug salbutamol. Subjects were on stable medium dose ICS as monotherapy or in combination with a long‐acting beta‐agonist or leukotriene modifier for at least 4 weeks prior to screening. A 4‐week run‐in period was followed by three 4‐week treatment periods with once‐daily evening dosing; no washout between treatment periods. The primary effi‐cacy variable was peak FEV1 within 3 hours post‐dosing (FEV1(0‐3h)). Results: The trial enrolled 105 adolescents (67 male, 38 female), with a mean age of 14 years and a mean pre‐bronchodilator FEV1 value of 2.624 L (78% predicted). All doses of tiotropium increased peak FEV1(0‐3h), FEV1 area under the curve within 3 hours post‐dosing (AUC(0‐3h)), and trough FEV1 response compared with placebo. Statistically significant increases for all outcome measures were observed only with the 5μg tiotropium dose versus placebo. The 2.5μg and 5μg tiotropium doses demonstrated superiority to placebo in the measured adjusted mean response after 4 weeks of treatment in pre‐dose morning and evening peak expiratory flow. During treatment, overall occurrence of AEs (at least 1 AE reported) was similar between the guideline‐conformed therapy, 1.25μg, and 2.5μg tiotropium groups (13.3%, 17.3%, and 13.3%, respectively), but was higher in the 5μg tiotropium group (22.5%). The most commonly reported AEs included nasopharyngitis and asthma. Conclusion: Tiotropium inhalation solution via the Respimat® inhaler was a safe and effective bronchodilator as add‐on therapy to ICS in this population of adolescents with uncontrolled moderate persistent asthma. Based on these results, 5μg tiotropium once‐daily administered via the Respimat® inhaler appears to be the preferred dose. Disclosures: Funding for this trial was provided by Boehringer Ingelheim Pharma GmbH & Co. KG. Editorial assistance for this abstract and poster provided by IMsci.
 Dose-ranging study of tiotropium as treatment for moderate persistent asthma in adolescents;  Rationale: The long‐acting anticholinergic tiotropium is an established therapy for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease to alleviate airway constriction and is currently being investigated for treatment of asthma (tiotropium Respimat®). Many symptomatic adolescents with asthma uncontrolled on guideline‐conformed therapy may benefit from treatment with tiotropium. Objective: To investigate the bronchodilator efficacy and the optimal steady state dose of once‐daily tiotropium inhalation solution delivered by the Respimat® inhaler in adolescents with moderate persistent asthma being uncontrolled on concomitant inhaled corticosteroids (ICS). Methods: Tiotropium (1.25μg, 2.5μg, and 5μg) was evaluated in a 4‐week, randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, incomplete crossover, dose‐ranging trial of participants 12 to 17 years of age with moderate persistent asthma on guideline‐con‐formed therapy. Diagnostic criteria included prebronchodila‐tor forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) >60% and ≥90% (predicted) and an increase in FEV1; ≥12% and 200mL 15 min after 400ug salbutamol. Subjects were on stable medium dose ICS as monotherapy or in combination with a long‐acting beta‐agonist or leukotriene modifier for at least 4 weeks prior to screening. A 4‐week run‐in period was followed by three 4‐week treatment periods with once‐daily evening dosing; no washout between treatment periods. The primary effi‐cacy variable was peak FEV1 within 3 hours post‐dosing (FEV1(0‐3h)). Results: The trial enrolled 105 adolescents (67 male, 38 female), with a mean age of 14 years and a mean pre‐bronchodilator FEV1 value of 2.624 L (78% predicted). All doses of tiotropium increased peak FEV1(0‐3h), FEV1 area under the curve within 3 hours post‐dosing (AUC(0‐3h)), and trough FEV1 response compared with placebo. Statistically significant increases for all outcome measures were observed only with the 5μg tiotropium dose versus placebo. The 2.5μg and 5μg tiotropium doses demonstrated superiority to placebo in the measured adjusted mean response after 4 weeks of treatment in pre‐dose morning and evening peak expiratory flow. During treatment, overall occurrence of AEs (at least 1 AE reported) was similar between the guideline‐conformed therapy, 1.25μg, and 2.5μg tiotropium groups (13.3%, 17.3%, and 13.3%, respectively), but was higher in the 5μg tiotropium group (22.5%). The most commonly reported AEs included nasopharyngitis and asthma. Conclusion: Tiotropium inhalation solution via the Respimat® inhaler was a safe and effective bronchodilator as add‐on therapy to ICS in this population of adolescents with uncontrolled moderate persistent asthma. Based on these results, 5μg tiotropium once‐daily administered via the Respimat® inhaler appears to be the preferred dose. Disclosures: Funding for this trial was provided by Boehringer Ingelheim Pharma GmbH & Co. KG. Editorial assistance for this abstract and poster provided by IMsci.
 Efficacy and safety of glycopyrrolate/eFlow® CS (nebulized glycopyrrolate) in moderate-to-very-severe COPD: results from the glycopyrrolate for obstructive lung disease via electronic nebulizer (GOLDEN) 3 and 4 randomized controlled trials;  Background SUN‐101 is a combination of glycopyrrolate delivered through an innovative, electronic nebulizer, intended for the treatment of patients with COPD. The objective of this study was to assess the efficacy and safety of this new drug device combination. Methods Replicate Phase III randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled studies were conducted to evaluate the efficacy and safety of glycopyrrolate solution administered by an investigational eFlow® Closed System (eFlow® CS) nebulizer in subjects with moderate‐to‐very‐severe COPD, including those with continued background use of a long‐acting beta2‐agonist ± inhaled corticosteroid and/or history of cardiovascular (CV) disease. Subjects were randomized in a 1:1:1 ratio to receive placebo or glycopyrrolate (25 μg or 50 μg twice daily [BID]) for 12 weeks. The primary efficacy endpoint was the change from baseline in trough forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1) at Week 12 compared with placebo. Secondary endpoints included change from baseline in forced vital capacity (FVC) after 12 weeks, change from baseline in health status measured by St George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) at 12 weeks/end of study (EOS), and change in rescue medication use, as well as change from baseline in FEV1 area under the curve from 0 to 12 h after 12 weeks in the GOLDEN 3 sub‐study. Daytime and night‐time symptoms were recorded using an electronic diary. Safety was monitored throughout the study, including major adverse cardiovascular events. Results A total of 653 subjects were randomized in GOLDEN 3 and 641 in GOLDEN 4. Treatment with glycopyrrolate 25 μg BID and 50 μg BID resulted in statistically significant and clinically important changes from baseline in trough FEV1 compared with placebo at Week 12 (GOLDEN 3: 0.105 L and 0.126 L; p ≤ 0.0001; GOLDEN 4: 0.084 L and 0.082 L; p ≤ 0.0001). Nebulized glycopyrrolate 25 μg BID and 50 μg BID also resulted in improvements in FVC change from baseline versus placebo at Week 12 (GOLDEN 3: 0.149 L and 0.167 L, p < 0.001; GOLDEN 4: 0.130 L and 0.113 L, p < 0.01), and in SGRQ change from baseline score versus placebo at Week 12/EOS (GOLDEN 3: −3.072 [p < 0.05] and −1.848; GOLDEN 4: −3.585 and −3.557, p < 0.01). LS mean change from baseline in EXACT‐respiratory symptoms total score at Week 12 for placebo and nebulized glycopyrrolate 25 and 50 μg BID were −0.936, −1.903 and −1.502 for GOLDEN 3 and −0.376, −1.647 and −1.532 for GOLDEN 4. Rescue medication use was unchanged. Nebulized glycopyrrolate was well tolerated at both doses based on the incidence of adverse events and CV events. Conclusions The results of these studies demonstrated statistically significant and clinically important improvements in pulmonary function and patient‐reported health outcomes, with an acceptable safety profile, support the use of glycopyrrolate/eFlow® CS as a potential maintenance treatment for moderate‐to‐very‐severe COPD.
 Efficacy and safety of glycopyrrolate/eFlow® CS (nebulized glycopyrrolate) in moderate-to-very-severe COPD: results from the glycopyrrolate for obstructive lung disease via electronic nebulizer (GOLDEN) 3 and 4 randomized controlled trials;  BACKGROUND: SUN‐101 is a combination of glycopyrrolate delivered through an innovative, electronic nebulizer, intended for the treatment of patients with COPD. The objective of this study was to assess the efficacy and safety of this new drug device combination. METHODS: Replicate Phase III randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled studies were conducted to evaluate the efficacy and safety of glycopyrrolate solution administered by an investigational eFlow® Closed System (eFlow® CS) nebulizer in subjects with moderate‐to‐very‐severe COPD, including those with continued background use of a long‐acting beta2‐agonist ± inhaled corticosteroid and/or history of cardiovascular (CV) disease. Subjects were randomized in a 1:1:1 ratio to receive placebo or glycopyrrolate (25 μg or 50 μg twice daily [BID]) for 12 weeks. The primary efficacy endpoint was the change from baseline in trough forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1) at Week 12 compared with placebo. Secondary endpoints included change from baseline in forced vital capacity (FVC) after 12 weeks, change from baseline in health status measured by St George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) at 12 weeks/end of study (EOS), and change in rescue medication use, as well as change from baseline in FEV1 area under the curve from 0 to 12 h after 12 weeks in the GOLDEN 3 sub‐study. Daytime and night‐time symptoms were recorded using an electronic diary. Safety was monitored throughout the study, including major adverse cardiovascular events. RESULTS: A total of 653 subjects were randomized in GOLDEN 3 and 641 in GOLDEN 4. Treatment with glycopyrrolate 25 μg BID and 50 μg BID resulted in statistically significant and clinically important changes from baseline in trough FEV1 compared with placebo at Week 12 (GOLDEN 3: 0.105 L and 0.126 L; p ≤ 0.0001; GOLDEN 4: 0.084 L and 0.082 L; p ≤ 0.0001). Nebulized glycopyrrolate 25 μg BID and 50 μg BID also resulted in improvements in FVC change from baseline versus placebo at Week 12 (GOLDEN 3: 0.149 L and 0.167 L, p < 0.001; GOLDEN 4: 0.130 L and 0.113 L, p < 0.01), and in SGRQ change from baseline score versus placebo at Week 12/EOS (GOLDEN 3: ‐3.072 [p < 0.05] and ‐1.848; GOLDEN 4: ‐3.585 and ‐3.557, p < 0.01). LS mean change from baseline in EXACT‐respiratory symptoms total score at Week 12 for placebo and nebulized glycopyrrolate 25 and 50 μg BID were ‐0.936, ‐1.903 and ‐1.502 for GOLDEN 3 and ‐0.376, ‐1.647 and ‐1.532 for GOLDEN 4. Rescue medication use was unchanged. Nebulized glycopyrrolate was well tolerated at both doses based on the incidence of adverse events and CV events. CONCLUSIONS: The results of these studies demonstrated statistically significant and clinically important improvements in pulmonary function and patient‐reported health outcomes, with an acceptable safety profile, support the use of glycopyrrolate/eFlow® CS as a potential maintenance treatment for moderate‐to‐very‐severe COPD.
 A 52-week Treatment, Multi-center, Randomized, Double-blind, Double Dummy, Parallel-group, Active Controlled Study to Compare the Effect of QVA149 (Indacaterol Maleate / Glycopyrronium Bromide) With Salmeterol/Futicasone on the Rate of Exacerbations in Subjects With Moderate to Very Severe COPD;  INTERVENTION: investigational material(s) Generic name etc : QVA149 (Indacaterol Maleate / Glycopyrronium Bromide) INN of investigational material : Therapeutic category code : 225 Bronchodilators Dosage and Administration for Investigational material : QVA149 will be supplied in a capsule form in blister packs for use in the Novartis Concept 1 SDDPI. control material(s) Generic name etc : Long acting B2 agonist (LABA) and inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) INN of investigational material : Therapeutic category code : 229 Other agents affecting respiratory organs Dosage and Administration for Investigational material : Salmeterol/fluticasone dry inhalation powder delivered via the Accuhaler device. CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease ( COPD) PRIMARY OUTCOME: Rate of COPD exacerbations [ Time Frame: 52 weeks ]; The rate of COPD exacerbations over 52 weeks of treatment. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Time to first COPD exacerbation. [ Time Frame: 52 weeks ] ; The time to the first COPD exacerbation over 52 weeks of treatment.; Rate of moderate to severe COPD exacerbations. [ Time Frame: 52 weeks ] ; The rate of moderate to severe COPD exacerbations during 52 weeks of treatment.; Time to first moderate to severe COPD exacerbation. [ Time Frame: 52 weeks ]; The time to the first moderate to severe COPD exacerbation over 52 weeks of treatment.; The safety (with regard to ECG, laboratory tests, vital signs and adverse events); INCLUSION CRITERIA: * Written informed consent must be obtained before any assessment is performed * Patients with stable Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease ( COPD) according to the current GOLD strategy (GOLD 2011) * Current or ex‐smokers who have a smoking history of at least 10 pack years. (Ten pack‐years are defined as 20 cigarettes a day for 10 years, or 10 cigarettes a day for 20 years) * Patients with a post‐bronchodilator Forced Expiratory Volume in one second (FEV1) >= 25 and < 60% of the predicted normal value, and post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC (Forced Vital Capacity) < 0.70 at day ‐28. (Post refers to 1 hour after sequential inhalation of 84 micro‐g (or equivalent dose) of ipratropium bromide and 400 micro‐g of salbutamol) * A documented history of at least 1 COPD exacerbation in the previous 12 months that required treatment with systemic glucocorticosteroids and/or antibiotics * Patients taking stable COPD medication (at least 60 days) prior to day ‐2
 QVA149 once daily is safe and well tolerated in patients with COPD: the illuminate study;  Rationale QVA149 is a novel inhaled once‐daily, fixed‐dose combination of the long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA) indacaterol and the long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) glycopyrronium (NVA237), in development for the maintenance treatment of COPD. This study compared the efficacy and safety of QVA149 once daily with salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) twice daily in patients with COPD. Here we report the safety results. Methods In this 26‐week, multicenter, double‐blind, double‐dummy, parallel‐group study patients aged ≥40 years with moderate‐to‐severe COPD (post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC <0.7 and FEV1 ≥40% to <80% predicted), with no history of exacerbations in the previous year and a smoking history ≥10 pack‐years, were randomized (1:1) to receive QVA149 110/50μg once daily (via the Breezhaler® device) or SFC 50/500μg twice daily (via the Accuhaler® device). Safety assessments included adverse events (AEs), serious AEs (SAEs), exacerbations of COPD, and deaths. Results A total of 523 patients (35.1% on inhaled corticosteroids [ICS] use) were randomized [QVA149 (n=259), SFC (n=264); male (70.9%); mean age: 63.3 years; mean post‐bronchodilator FEV1: 60.2 % predicted], 82.6% completed. At Week 26, AEs were observed in 55.4% patients in QVA149 versus 60.2% patients in the SFC group. The most common AE of COPD worsening was seen in 44 (17.1%) patients in QVA149 as compared to 62 (23.5%) in the SFC group. AEs of pneumonia (n=4), oral candidiasis (n=3), and dysphonia (n=5), known to be associated with ICS, were only observed in the SFC group. Discontinuations due to COPD exacerbations were 7.6% on SFC and 6.2% on QVA149. Three patients and one patient were hospitalized due to a COPD exacerbation in the SFC and QVA149 groups, respectively. The incidence of SAEs and cardiovascular side effects were comparable between the two treatment groups. There was one cardiovascular‐related death in the SFC group, and none in QVA149 group. Conclusion The safety and tolerability of QVA149 once daily in patients with COPD was at least similar to that of twice‐daily SFC. AEs typically associated with ICS use were only observed in the SFC group.
 Efficacy and safety of QVA149 compared with salmeterol/fluticasone combination in Chinese patients with moderate to severe COPD: a subgroup analysis from the lantern study;  Rationale QVA149 is a fixed‐dose combination of the long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA) indacaterol and the long‐acting muscarinic‐antagonist (LAMA) glycopyrronium, for maintenance treatment of patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD. The LANTERN study1 demonstrated better efficacy of QVA149 compared with LABA/inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD with a history of ≤1 exacerbation in the previous year. Here, we present the efficacy and safety of QVA149 versus SFC in the Chinese sub‐group of patients from the LANTERN study. Methods LANTERN was a 26‐week, multi‐center, randomized, double‐blind, double‐dummy, parallel‐group study conducted in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD (FEV1 ≥30% and <80% of the predicted‐normal) with a history of none or 1 exacerbation in the previous year. The patients were randomized (1:1) to either once‐daily QVA149 (110/50 μg) or twice‐daily SFC (50/500 μg). The primary‐endpoint of the study was non‐inferiority of QVA149 versus SFC in terms of post‐dose trough FEV1. Secondary and exploratory endpoints included forced vital‐capacity (FVC), area under‐the‐curve for FEV1 from 0 to 4h (FEV1 AUC0‐4h), Transitional Dyspnea Index (TDI) total score, St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) total score, COPD exacerbations and safety. Results Of the total 744 patients randomized in LANTERN study; 598 (80.4%) were from mainland China and randomized to either QVA149 (n=298) or SFC (n=300); 553 (92.5%) completed the study. QVA149 showed superiority over SFC with a statistically significant and clinically meaningful increase in trough FEV1, FEV1 AUC0‐4h and FVC change from the baseline (Table 1). Improvements in TDI total score and SGRQ total score (Table 1) and use of rescue medication were similar between QVA149 and SFC. Annualized rate of moderate or severe exacerbations was significantly lower (43%) with QVA149 compared with SFC (rate ratio: 0.57, p=0.015). Overall adverse events were lower for QVA149 (34.6%) versus SFC (43.1%). No clinically meaningful differences were observed in clinical laboratory evaluation and vital signs. (Table presented) Conclusion QVA149 was superior in achieving bronchodilation and reducing the rates of exacerbation versus SFC in a Chinese subgroup of the patients from this study.
 Ensifentrine, A Novel, Selective Inhibitor of PDE3 and PDE4, Improved Dyspnea in Subjects With Symptomatic, Moderate-to-Severe COPD Over 24 Weeks;  Introduction: COPD is associated with a substantial symptom burden which affects activities of daily living. Despite the use of current COPD therapies, patients still experience significant dyspnea that affects their activities of daily living and increases over time. Ensifentrine is a novel, selective, dual inhibitor of phosphodiesterase (PDE)3 and PDE4, which provides bronchodilation and nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory action in one molecule. Two Phase 3 trials in subjects with symptomatic, moderate to severe COPD evaluated the effect of nebulized ensifentrine on COPD symptoms over 24 weeks. This abstract reports on pooled analyses evaluating the effects of ensifentrine on dyspnea in the ENHANCE program. Methods: Two Phase 3, global, multi‐center, randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trials were conducted in symptomatic, moderate‐to‐severe COPD subjects aged 40‐80 years (FEV1 30‐70% predicted; FEV1/FVC <0.7; ≥2 mMRC). Subjects were randomized (5:3) to receive nebulized ensifentrine 3 mg or placebo twice daily via standard jet nebulizer for 24 weeks. The primary endpoint was average FEV1 AUC0‐12h at Week 12 (change from baseline). Dyspnea was assessed at baseline with the Baseline Dyspnea Index and at Weeks 6, 12 and 24 with the Transition Dyspnea Index (TDI). A post‐hoc pooled evaluation was conducted on clinically‐important subgroups. Results: The pooled analyses included 1549 subjects (975 ensifentrine‐treated, 574 placebo‐treated); including 606 (62%) ensifentrine‐treated and 352 (61%) placebo‐treated subjects taking long‐acting muscarinic antagonist or beta2‐agonist with or without an inhaled corticosteroid. At 24 weeks, TDI was improved in ensifentrine‐treated compared with placebo‐treated subjects (least‐squares mean: ensifentrine=2.0, 95% CI 1.5, 2.4; placebo=0.9, 95% CI 0.4, 1.4; p<0.05). The proportion of subjects that improved by at least 1 TDI unit (responder) was greater with ensifentrine vs placebo at Weeks 6, 12 and 24 (Week 24 responders: 65% vs 45%; placebo‐corrected odds ratio = 1.9, 95% CI 1.5, 2.7; p<0.05). There were more TDI responders with ensifentrine treatment vs placebo regardless of gender, age group, the presence of chronic bronchitis, smoking status, and baseline eosinophil levels (all odds ratios p<0.05). Conclusion: Treatment with nebulized ensifentrine treatment resulted in significant improvements in dyspnea compared to treatment with placebo in a broad population of symptomatic, moderate‐tosevere COPD subjects over 24 weeks. Results confirm that ensifentrine offers a novel mechanism of action that may be utilized to improve dyspnea in symptomatic patients with COPD.
 Efficacy and safety of single-inhaler extrafine triple therapy versus inhaled corticosteroid plus long-acting beta2 agonist in eastern Asian patients with COPD: the TRIVERSYTI randomised controlled trial;  Background: A single‐inhaler extrafine triple combination of beclometasone dipropionate (BDP), formoterol fumarate (FF) and glycopyrronium (G) has been developed for maintenance therapy of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). This study evaluated the efficacy and safety of BDP/FF/G in patients in three eastern Asian areas: China, Republic of Korea and Taiwan. Methods: TRIVERSYTI was a double‐blind, randomised, active‐controlled, parallel‐group study in patients with COPD, post‐bronchodilator forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1) < 50% predicted, ≥ 1 exacerbation in the previous 12 months, and receiving inhaled maintenance medication. Patients received either extrafine BDP/FF/G 100/6/10 µg via pressurised metered‐dose inhaler, or non‐extrafine budesonide/formoterol (BUD/FF) 160/4.5 µg via dry‐powder inhaler, both administered as two puffs twice‐daily for 24 weeks. The co‐primary objectives (analysed in the overall population) were to demonstrate superiority of BDP/FF/G over BUD/FF for change from baseline in pre‐dose morning and 2‐h post‐dose FEV1 at Week 24 (these were analysed as key secondary objectives in the China subgroup). The rate of moderate/severe COPD exacerbations was a secondary endpoint. Results: Of 708 patients randomised, 88.8% completed. BDP/FF/G was superior to BUD/FF for pre‐dose and 2‐h post‐dose FEV1 at Week 24 [adjusted mean differences 62 (95% CI 38, 85) mL and 113 (87, 140) mL; both p < 0.001]. The annualised moderate/severe exacerbation rate was 43% lower with BDP/FF/G [rate ratio 0.57 (95% CI 0.42, 0.77); p < 0.001]. Adverse events were reported by 61.1% and 67.0% patients with BDP/FF/G and BUD/FF. Results were similar in the China subgroup. Conclusions: In patients with COPD, FEV1 < 50% and an exacerbation history despite maintenance therapy, treatment with extrafine BDP/FF/G improved bronchodilation, and was more effective at preventing moderate/severe COPD exacerbations than BUD/FF. Trial registration CFDA CTR20160507 (registered 7 Nov 2016, http://www.chinadrugtrials.org.cn/index.html).
 Once-daily QVA149 improves breathlessness and reduces rescue medication use compared to twice-daily salmeterol/fluticasone in patients with COPD: the illuminate study;  Rationale QVA149 is a novel inhaled once‐daily, fixed‐dose combination of the long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA) indacaterol and the long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) glycopyrronium (NVA237), in development for the maintenance treatment of COPD. Here, we report the analysis of the improvements in dyspnea and rescue medication use of once‐daily QVA149 compared to twice‐daily salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) in patients with COPD. Methods In this 26‐week, multicenter, double‐blind, double‐dummy, parallel‐group study, patients aged ≥40 years with moderate‐to‐severe COPD (post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC <0.7 and FEV1 ≥40% to <80% predicted) with no history of exacerbations in the previous year and a smoking history ≥10 pack‐years, were randomized (1:1) to QVA149 110/50μg once daily (via Breezhaler®) or SFC 50/500μg twice daily (via Accuhaler®). Improvement in dyspnea and reduction in rescue medication use was assessed by the transition dyspnea index (TDI) and patients' diary, respectively. Results 523 patients (35.1% on inhaled corticosteroids use) were randomized [QVA149 (n=259), SFC (n=264); mean age: 63.3 years; mean post‐bronchodilator FEV1: 60.2% predicted]; 82.6% completed. QVA149 significantly improved TDI focal score versus SFC at Week 12 (least squares mean [LSM] treatment difference: 0.58; p=0.025) which improved further at Week 26 (LSM treatment difference: 0.76; p=0.003). The percentage of patients achieving a minimum clinically important difference (MCID) of ≥1 point improvement in TDI focal score was significantly higher with QVA149 at Week 12 (QVA149 65.2%, SFC 53.8%; odds ratio [OR] 1.55; p=0.032) and Week 26 (QVA149 67.5%, SFC 56.8%; OR=1.56; p=0.046). Rescue medication use in terms of mean daily number of puffs was statistically significantly lower in the QVA149 group compared to SFC group over the whole 26 week treatment period (LSM treatment difference ‐0.39 puffs per day; p=0.019). The mean daytime number of puffs of rescue medication also showed a statistically significant reduction for the QVA149 compared to SFC over both the first 12 weeks and whole 26 week treatment period (LSM treatment difference ‐0.26; p=0.008 and ‐0.32; p=0.001, respectively). Percentage of days with no rescue medication use was numerically in favor of QVA149 compared to SFC (51.25% vs. 46.53%). Conclusion Dual bronchodilation with once‐daily QVA149 provided statistically superior and clinically meaningful improvements in breathlessness and rescue medication use compared to twice‐daily SFC. These results suggest that QVA149 might be preferable to a LABA/ICS combination in patients who are symptomatic but not frequently exacerbating (GOLD 2011 Group B1).
 QVA149 significantly lowers the rate and risk of moderate or severe COPD exacerbation versus salmeterol/fluticasone in patients with moderate to severe COPD: the lantern study;  Background The LANTERN study showed additional therapeutic benefits of QVA149, a LABA/LAMA dual bronchodilator, over LABA/inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) salmeterol/fluticasone combination (SFC), in terms of improvement in lung function, dyspnea, health status and exacerbations in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD.1 Here, we report the rate and risk of moderate or severe exacerbations, severe exacerbations and all exacerbations during the study with QVA149 versus SFC. Methods In this 26‐week, double‐blind study, patients (n=744) with ≤1 COPD exacerbation in the previous year were randomized (1:1) to QVA149 110/50μg or SFC 50/500μg. Number of exacerbations, time‐to‐first exacerbation and number of hospitalizations due to exacerbation were analyzed during the study. Results In this study, QVA149 showed a significant reduction (31%) in the rate of moderate or severe exacerbations versus SFC (rate‐ratio (RR) [95% CI]: 0.69 [0.48, 1.00]; p=0.048). QVA149 significantly prolonged the time‐to‐first moderate or severe exacerbation by 35% compared with SFC (Figure 1A). Similarly, QVA149 significantly prolonged the time‐to‐first severe COPD exacerbation by 68% (Figure 1B). QVA149 had a lower annualized rate of all COPD exacerbations (0.69) compared with SFC (0.88), with a RR of 0.79 [95% CI: 0.58, 1.07]. Likewise, 24% reduction in the risk of all time‐to‐first COPD exacerbation was observed with QVA149 compared with SFC (hazard‐ratio [95% CI]: 0.76 [0.55, 1.03]; p=0.078). Frequency of severe COPD exacerbation (an exacerbation that required a hospitalization) was lower with QVA149 (1.6%) compared with SFC (4.3%). In the subgroup of patients with history of a COPD exacerbation in the previous year (QVA149, n=61 [16.4%] and SFC, n=93 [25.2%]), QVA149 significantly lowered cumulative annualized rate of all exacerbations (0.78) compared with SFC (1.81) (RR [95% CI]: 0.43 [0.25, 0.76]; p=0.003). In this subgroup, the annualized rate of moderate or severe exacerbations were also reduced with QVA149 (0.49) versus SFC (0.81) (RR [95% CI]: 0.60 [0.33, 1.08]; p=0.086). QVA149 showed similar risk reduction and frequency of exacerbations in the patients with or without previous history of COPD exacerbations. Conclusion In patients with one COPD exacerbation or none in the previous year, QVA149 can be a treatment option compared with LABA/ICS in managing the risk of exacerbations and has the potential to reduce health care utilization costs. Further studies are needed to compare these therapies in patients at high risk for exacerbation. (Figure Presented).
 A randomized, parallel group study to evaluate the effect of Umeclidinium (UMEC) added to Inhaled corticosteroid/ long-acting beta-agonist combination therapy in subjects with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease COPD;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: Umeclidinium Product Code: GSK573719 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed INN or Proposed INN: UMECLIDINIUM BROMIDE CAS Number: 869113‐09‐7 Current Sponsor code: GSK573719 Other descriptive name: 1‐[2‐(Benzyloxy)ethyl]‐4‐(hydroxydiphenylmethyl)‐1‐azoniabicyclo[2.2.2]octane bromide Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 62.5‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use CONDITION: in subjects with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease COPD ; MedDRA version: 17.0 Level: LLT Classification code 10010952 Term: COPD System Organ Class: 100000004855 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: The primary objective is to evaluate the efficacy and safety of the addition of UMEC 62.5mcg once‐daily to ICS/LABA therapy, compared with placebo once‐daily plus ICS/LABA therapy over 12 weeks in subjects with COPD. Primary end point(s): Trough FEV1 on Day 85. Trough FEV1 on Treatment Day 85 is defined as the mean of the FEV1 values obtained 23 and 24 hours after dosing on treatment Day 84 (i.e., at Week 12). Secondary Objective: The secondary objective is to evaluate the addition of UMEC 62.5mcg once‐daily to ICS/LABA therapy, compared with placebo once‐daily plus ICS/LABA therapy on COPD‐related health status assessments over 12 weeks in subjects with COPD. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Day 85 SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): Weighted mean (WM) 0‐6 hour FEV1. ; Other(s) ; • Proportion of subjects achieving an increase of =100mL above baseline in trough FEV1 ; • Trough FEV1 and weighted mean FEV1 over 0‐6 hours post‐dose at other time points ; • Proportion of subjects achieving an increase in FEV1 of =12% and =200mL above baseline at any time during 0‐6 hour post‐dose on Day 1 ; • Serial FEV1 over 0 to 6 hours (at each time point) ; • Peak FEV1 ; • Serial and trough forced vital capacity (FVC) ; • Rescue albuterol/salbutamol use (percentage of rescue‐free days and puffs/day) ; • TDI focal score ; • Proportion of TDI responders as defined by a 1 unit or greater score ; ; Safety ; • Incidence of adverse events ; • Vital signs (pulse rate and systolic and diastolic pressure) ; • COPD Exacerbations ; ; Health‐Related Quality of Life/Health Outcomes ; • St. George’s Respiratory Questionnaire for COPD Patients (SGRQ‐C) total score ; • COPD Assessment Test (CAT) score ; • Proportion of SGRQ responders as defined by a 4 unit or greater reduction in score over baseline ; • Proportion of CAT responders as defined by a 2 unit or greater improvement in score over baseline ; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: post‐dose on Treatment Day 84 (Week 12) INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Type of subject: Outpatient. 2. Informed Consent: A signed and dated written informed consent prior to study participation. 3. Age: Subjects 40 years of age or older at Visit 1. 4. Gender: Male and female subjects are eligible to participate in the study. OR ‐ Abstinence ‐ Oral Contraceptive, either combined or progestogen alone ‐ Injectable progestogen ‐ Implants of levonorgestrel ‐ Estrogenic vaginal ring ‐ Percutaneous contraceptive patches ‐ Intrauterine device (IUD) or intrauterine system (IUS) that meets the SOP effectiveness criteria as stated in the product label ‐ Male par Child bearing potential, has a negative pregnancy test at screening, and agrees to one of the following acceptable contraceptive methods used consistently and correctly (i.e., in accordance with the approved product label and the instructions of the physician for the duration of the study – screening to follow‐up contact):
 A randomized, parallel group study to evaluate the effect of Umeclidinium (UMEC) added to Inhaled corticosteroid/ long-acting beta-agonist combination therapy in subjects with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease COPD (study 201314);  INTERVENTION: Treatment with UMEC or placebo. CONDITION: ; COPD; chronic obstructive pulmonary disease 10038716 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Trough FEV1 on day 85, Incidence of adverse events.; SECONDARY OUTCOME: Main: Weighted mean 0‐6 hour FEV1 obtained post‐dose on Treatment Day 84. ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: * 40 years of age or above. * An established clinical history of COPD in accordance with the definition by the ATS/ERS. * Current or former cigarette smokers with a history of cigarette smoking of *10 pack‐years (see protocol page 26 for details). * Pre and post‐salbutamol FEV1/FVC ratio of <0.70 and post‐salbutamol FEV1 of *70% of predicted. * Must be on the dose and frequency of one of the ICS/LABA combinations approved for COPD and for the study at least 30 days prior screening (see protocol page 26‐27 for details). * Score of *2 on the mMRC. * Females of childbearing potential: adequate method of contraception. See protocol page 26 for details.
 LANTERN: a randomized study of QVA149 versus salmeterol/fluticasone combination in patients with COPD;  BACKGROUND: The current Global initiative for chronic Obstructive Lung Disease (GOLD) treatment strategy recommends the use of one or more bronchodilators according to the patient's airflow limitation, their history of exacerbations, and symptoms. The LANTERN study evaluated the effect of the long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA)/long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) dual bronchodilator, QVA149 (indacaterol/glycopyrronium), as compared with the LABA/inhaled corticosteroid, salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC), in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD with a history of ≤1 exacerbation in the previous year. METHODS: In this double‐blind, double‐dummy, parallel‐group study, 744 patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD with a history of ≤1 exacerbations in the previous year were randomized (1:1) to QVA149 110/50 μg once daily or SFC 50/500 μg twice daily for 26 weeks. The primary endpoint was noninferiority of QVA149 versus SFC for trough forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) at week 26. RESULTS: Overall, 676 patients completed the study. The primary objective of noninferiority between QVA149 and SFC in trough FEV1 at week 26 was met. QVA149 demonstrated statistically significant superiority to SFC for trough FEV1 (treatment difference [Δ]=75 mL; P<0.001). QVA149 demonstrated a statistically significant improvement in standardized area under the curve (AUC) from 0 hours to 4 hours for FEV1 (FEV1 AUC0‐4h) at week 26 versus SFC (Δ=122 mL; P<0.001). QVA149 and SFC had similar improvements in transition dyspnea index focal score, St George Respiratory Questionnaire total score, and rescue medication use. However, QVA149 significantly reduced the rate of moderate or severe exacerbations by 31% (P=0.048) over SFC. Overall, the incidence of adverse events was comparable between QVA149 (40.1%) and SFC (47.4%). The incidence of pneumonia was threefold lower with QVA149 (0.8%) versus SFC (2.7%). CONCLUSION: These findings support the use of the LABA/LAMA, QVA149 as an alternative treatment, over LABA/inhaled corticosteroid, in the management of moderate‐to‐severe COPD patients (GOLD B and GOLD D) with a history of ≤1 exacerbation in the previous year.
 Evaluate the Effects of Formoterol and Beclomethasone Dipropionate Combination Therapy on Small Airways Function;  Inuvair® is a novel fixed combination product used in the treatment of asthma and under clinical development for the treatment of COPD. Thanks to the extrafine particle size, it is able to target the whole bronchial tree, including the small airways and hence, is expected to act in these airways and it may thus be beneficial in COPD in that sense. In COPD, its action on the small airways is not directly demonstrated thus far. By way of contrast, dear evidence is present that treatment with bronchodilators alone does not beneficially alter small airway function. The study hypothesis states that the effects of inhaled corticosteroids or ICS/LABA combinations on small airway is present and can be objectivated.
 QVA149 reduces COPD exacerbation rate in various subgroups of patients: the SPARK study;  Introduction QVA149 is a once‐daily (OD) dual bronchodilator combination of the long‐acting b2‐agonist indacaterol and the long‐acting muscarinic antagonist glycopyrronium (GLY) in development for the treatment of COPD. Here we present the results of a subgroup analysis from the SPARK study for the annualized rate of COPD exacerbations. Methods This 64 week, double‐blind, parallel‐group, active‐controlled (open‐label tiotropium [TIO]) study randomized patients ≥40 yrs with severe‐to‐very severe COPD to receive OD QVA149 110/50μg, GLY 50μg or TIO 18μg. Subgroups were based on age, gender, race, smoking status, COPD severity, inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) use and body mass index (BMI). Results 2224 patients were randomized, 99.1% analyzed (QVA149=729, GLY=739, TIO=737); male: 74.8%, mean age: 63.3 years. For most subgroups, QVA149 significantly reduced the rate of COPD exacerbations versus GLY and TIO. Summary of exacerbation rates over 64 weeks is shown in table. (Table presented) Conclusion QVA149 110/50μg OD showed greater efficacy in reducing the rate of COPD exacerbations versus glycopyrronium and tiotropium for most subgroups. This provides evidence for the role of QVA149 in reducing exacerbations in severe‐to‐very severe COPD patients.
 Effect of QVA149 on lung function in the subgroup of patients with a history of exacerbations in the previous year and baseline ICS use from the shine study;  Aim: QVA149 is an approved, once‐daily dual bronchodilator combination of LABA, indacaterol (IND), and LAMA, glycopyrronium bromide (GLY), for the maintenance treatment of symptomatic COPD. The SHINE study compared QVA149 with its mono‐components, open‐label tiotropium (OL TIO) and placebo (PBO). Here, we report the subgroup analysis of patients (pts) with history of ≥1 exacerbation and who used inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) at baseline in SHINE. Methods: SHINE was a 26‐wk, multicentre, parallel‐group study that randomized pts with moderate‐to‐severe COPD (2:2:2:2:1) to receive QVA149 110/50 μg, IND 150 μg, GLY 50 μg, OL TIO 18 μg or PBO. This post‐hoc analysis studied the effect of QVA149 on trough (t) FEV1 and tFVC vs comparators using a linear mixed model in pts with ≥1 exacerbation (in the previous year) and baseline ICS use. Results: In total, 542 pts (out of 2135 in full‐analysis set; 25.4%) had a history of exacerbations. Of them, 465 (85.8%) pts were included in this subgroup analysis who used ICS at baseline and were continued on fixed ICS doses (Table). At Wk 26, QVA149 significantly improved tFEV1 and tFVC vs comparators with the exception of non‐significant improvement vs GLY for tFVC (Table). Conclusion: In pts with a history of ≥1 exacerbation and baseline ICS use, QVA149 provided greater improvement in lung function vs IND, GLY, OL TIO or PBO. (Table Presented).
 Effect of QVA149 on lung function in the subgroup of patients with a history of exacerbations in the previous year and baseline ICS use from the SHINE study;  Introduction QVA149 is an approved, once‐daily dual bronchodilator combination of LABA, indacaterol (IND), and LAMA, glycopyrronium bromide (GLY), for the maintenance treatment of symptomatic COPD. The SHINE study compared QVA149 with its mono‐components, open‐label tiotropium (OL TIO) and placebo (PBO). Here, we report the subgroup analysis of patients (pts) with history of ≥1 exacerbation and who used inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) at baseline in SHINE. Methods SHINE was a 26‐wk, multicentre, parallel‐group study that randomised pts with moderate‐to‐severe COPD (2:2:2:2:1) to receive QVA149 110/50μg, IND 150μg, GLY 50μg, OL TIO 18μg or PBO. This post‐hoc analysis studied the effect of QVA149 on trough (t) FEV1 and tFVC vs comparators using a linear mixed model in pts with ≥1 exacerbation (in the previous year) and baseline ICS use. Results In total, 542 pts (out of 2135 in full‐analysis set; 25.4%) had a history of exacerbations. Of them, 465 (85.8%) pts were included in this subgroup analysis who used ICS at baseline and were continued on fixed ICS doses (Table). At Wk 26, QVA149 significantly improved tFEV1 and tFVC vs comparators with the exception of non‐significant improvement vs GLY for tFVC (Table). (Table Presented) Conclusion In pts with a history of ≥1 exacerbation and baseline ICS use, QVA149 provided greater improvement in lung function vs IND, GLY, OL TIO or PBO.
 Reduction in fatal events with ICS-containing medications: results of safety pooled analysis from the trilogy, trinity and tribute studies;  Rationale: COPD is a progressive, potentially life‐threatening disease. It often co‐exists with other chronic diseases that can contribute to patients' prognosis and altogether lead to increased risk of fatal events. Extrafine inhaled corticosteroids (ICS)‐containing regimen decreases the risk of COPD exacerbations. Assessing their safety is also crucial to confirm their favourable benefit‐risk ratio. In recent years, the efficacy of ICS‐containing medications in reducing mortality in COPD patients has been debated based on randomised trials and real‐world data, leaving the question still unanswered. Methods: Three 52‐week multi‐centre, randomised, double‐blind, activecontrolled studies recruited symptomatic COPD patients, with severe airflow limitation and an exacerbation history. In TRILOGY, patients were randomised (1:1) to a fixed triple combination of extrafine beclometasone dipropionate, formoterol fumarate, and glycopyrronium (BDP/FF/G 100/6/12.5mcg, two actuations twice daily [BID] via pressurised metered dose inhaler [pMDI]; Trimbow®) or a fixed combination of extrafine BDP/FF (100/6mcg, two actuations BID via pMDI Foster®) (Singh et al. Lancet 2016 388: 963‐73). In TRINITY patients were randomised (2:2:1) to extrafine BDP/FF/G, tiotropium (TIO) (18mcg once daily (OD) via singledose dry powder inhaler [SDDPI]), or extrafine BDP/FF + TIO (Vestbo et al. Lancet 2017 389: 1919‐29). In TRIBUTE patients were randomised (1:1) to extrafine BDP/FF/G or Indacaterol/Glycopyrronium bromide (IND/GLY 85/43mcg, OD via SDDPI; Ultibro®)) (Papi et al. Lancet 2018; in press). We evaluated mortality by considering all events leading to a fatal outcome during the study treatment periods. We then compared all extrafine ICS‐containing combinations (BDP/FF/G, BDP/FF, BDP/FF+TIO) versus ICS‐free treatments (TIO, IND/GLY), as well as comparing only the recently marketed extrafine BDP/FF/G (Trimbow) versus ICS‐free treatments. Results: When comparing time to death from pooled data for all extrafine ICScontaining treatments versus ICS‐free treatments the Hazard Ratio (HR) showed a numerical reduction in the risk of developing a fatal event (p=0.066) (Table 1). A similar effect was seen when comparing only BDP/FF/G vs ICS‐free treatments (Table 1). Conclusions: These results show that the extrafine ICS‐containing medications compared to ICS‐free treatments may be associated with a lower rate of mortality in symptomatic COPD patients at risk for exacerbations. Notably, these results are confirmed when referring specifically to the extrafine triple combination BDP/FF/G.
 Treatment of Acute Hypercapnic Respiratory Failure With OptiflowTM or Optiflow+DuetTM Nasal Cannula in COPD-patients;  The newly developed OptiflowTM+Duet with different sizes of the two nasal prongs and is primarily intended for use in an acute setting. Compared to the original OptiflowTM nasal cannula, the OptiflowTM +Duet is predicted to deliver a doubled to tripled airway pressure, depending on flow. Whether the OptiflowTM+Duet nasal cannula effectively can reduce PaCO2 and normalize pH in patients with COPD exacerbation and acute hypercapnic failure is unknown. Aims To investigate the effect of HFNC in combination with either OptiflowTM or OptiflowTM+Duet nasal cannula on PaCO2 levels and pH in patients with COPD exacerbation and acute hypercapnic failure and compare the results of treatment with the two different nasal cannulas. To describe adherence to treatment with high flow and either OptiflowTM or OptiflowTM+Duet nasal cannula. Study design The study will be carried out as a prospective, multicenter, randomized controlled trial including patients from pulmonary wards in three Danish hospitals: Bispebjerg Hospital, Copenhagen, Viborg Hospital, Viborg, and Aalborg University Hospital, Aalborg, Denmark. First patient in and study duration The study is initiated Jan 31. 2024. All sites will be ready to include patients from June 30, 2024. The duration of the study is expected to be twelve months but will be determined by inclusion of study participants. The study group has decided to evaluate after the first six months' inclusion in the study; our main concern could be that these experienced NIV‐sites will have a lower NIV‐treatment failure rate than could be expected based on recent literature, and thereby a low inclusion rate in the study. This could potentially bias outcome, with a negative selection bias in the included patients. A lower‐than‐expected inclusion rate will open for inclusion of further sites in the study, of course based on an amendment to the protocol. Equipment Patients COPD and acute hypercapnic will be treated with HFNC for respiratory support in case of treatment failure with NIV, as defined below. This is standard procedure in all three departments. In this study AirvoTM 3, ("Fisher & Paykel Healthcare", Auckland, New Zealand) will be used as the device for delivering high flow, and OptiflowTM /OptiflowTM+Duet nasal cannulas ("Fisher & Paykel Healthcare", Auckland, New Zealand) will be used as the flow‐conducting system, leading the heated, humidified, oxygenated air to the patients. In addition, Nonin Model 3231 USB External Pulse Oximeter (Nonin Medical Inc, Plymouth, MN, USA), will be used for oxygen saturation measurement, carried out on the AirvoTM 3 equipment, as well as for monitoring respiratory rate. Data from the AirvoTM 3 software is stored within the device and will be downloaded at the end of each patient's use of the device. Study procedure Patients who do not tolerate NIV‐treatment, that is patients who have been informed of NIV being the target treatment for their respiratory problem, yet desist treatment (e.g. due to mask intolerance, claustrophobia, intolerance of positive airway pressure), will be offered the change to HFNC‐treatment, which is usual procedure at all sites. HFNC‐treatment should be introduced as soon as possible after treatment failure is a reality. If patients accept, they will be invited to participate in this study. Patients will receive written information. They will be informed verbally about the purpose of the study and their rights as research participants, orally and in writing concomitantly. Unfortunately, informed consent will have to be obtained immediately, as a delay in treatment will influence prognosis (further discussed under "Ethical Considerations"), yet the informant will, during the oral information, offer the patient to be of assistance with including a bystander, either by phone or otherwise online connection, during the oral information. Furthermore, the informant will actively offer the patient to confer with an involved bystander without members of the study team present, both before and after delivering oral information. Information will be given to the patient in the ward, it will however be secured that the communication is not disturbed by personnel or other patients. The patient will be informed that a consent to access case records includes access to the case file, The Common Medicine Chart by the research responsible, sponsor and those who represent them to perform the study and potentially by authorities that oversee scientific procedures to secure correct data inclusion, quality control, and required monitoring. Patients will be randomized to either OptiflowTM or OptiflowTM+Duet nasal cannulas. The size of the cannula is fitted by the ward staff according to written instructions. HFNC treatment with allocated nasal cannula, flow 40‐60 (prescribed by the responsible clinician) will be initiated. Titration of flow should be to the maximal tolerated flow and of FiO2 till target SO2 is reached (as prescribed by the responsible clinician or by default 88‐92%). Arterial puncture (registering pH, PaO2, PaCO2, HCO3, SaO2 and Base Excess) will be drawn at baseline and repeated after two hours (±30 minutes or at least 30 minutes after stable flow‐ and FiO2 has been reached) and at termination of the HFNC. Should pH reduce ≤ 0.2 after two hours compared to baseline the arterial puncture should be repeated after one hour; if pH reduces < 0.2 after two hours it is considered treatment failure and the patients will terminate study participation and continue treatment at the responsible physician's discretion. If HFNC is terminated before two hours' treatment, arterial puncture will be repeated at termination. If further arterial blood gas analyses are drawn during HFNC‐treatment by the responsible clinicians' discretion, data will be included in the study material. Patients will remain in study till it is decided by the treating physician to terminate HFNC‐treatment. In case a clinical decision is made for the patient to continue home treatment with HFNC, the patient will remain in study till the decision is noted in the patient's case file. For patients who desist HFNC‐treatment after initiation, duration of use and, if possible, reason for desisting use, will be registered. Patients who candidates for invasive ventilations will be excluded from the study if the arterial blood gasses further deteriorate after initiation of HFNC. If the patients show clinical signs of deterioration at any time point during the study (i.e. cognitive deterioration, respiratory fatigue), they should be clinically evaluated immediately and an arterial blood gas should be part of this evaluation. In patients who at inclusion are suspected of COPD, the diagnosis must be confirmed with spirometry and diagnostic work up according to national clinical guidelines within three months of hospital discharge. When patients improve clinically, that is, normalization of pH, stabilization of oxygenation above target saturation and are allowed breaks from HFNC by clinical decision, they should be weaned. Data registration From Airvo3: Airflow, FiO2, respiratory rate, oxygen saturation. Data will be downloaded from each of the devices at the end of every included patients' use of the device, to a subject‐specific USB. From patients' case records: Age, sex, time since COPD diagnosis, latest lung function within six months of inclusion in study (forced expiratory volume in the first second (FEV1), Forced vital capacity (FVC), (liters/%), as well as FEV1/FVC), body mass index, long term oxygen treatment prior to admission +/‐, (if +, duration and prescribed oxygen flow (liters/minute)), home HFNC‐treatment (if + duration, flow, FiO2), smoking status (current, former, quitter, never; if current duration and pack years, if former/quitter duration, time since termination and pack years). A pack year is defined as 20 cigarettes/day/year. In addition, number of moderate‐ and severe exacerbations within the past twelve months1. Patients' comorbidities are registered, according to the COPD‐specific comorbidity test (COTE) index. Furthermore: Size of nasal cannula and time with HFNC‐treatment is registered. Lastly, duration of admission (full days) and death during admission (+/‐) will be registered. From the Patient Prescription Registry data on inhaled medication at time of admission (long‐acting beta‐2‐agonists/ long‐acting muscarinic antagonists/inhaled corticosteroids +/‐ short‐acting beta‐2 agonists +/‐) will be retrieved. From laboratory files: From the ongoing admission: Data from arterial blood gasses as described above. C‐reactive protein, white blood cell count, hemoglobin, erythrocyte middle cell volume (MCV) and erythrocyte middle cell hemoglobin concentration (MCHC). Laboratory files are, in all three regions, embedded in the electronic case files described above. Data will be registered by the responsible research clinician at each site or by a study staff member, delegated by the study responsible physician at the respectable sites. Biologic material Blood from arterial blood gasses will be used in this study. The blood tests performed during the study would also be carried out as standard procedures during treatment for acute hypercapnic failure. Should further blood gas analysis be carried out at the responsible clinicians' discretion during the treatment period. There is no biobank in this study. Data protection and data registration Data from the AirvoTM3 will be downloaded from the device and transferred for data processing on "Fisher & Paykel Healthcare"'s server in New Zealand. Processed datassets will thereafter be stored on a secured server at Aalborg University Hospital. All data will be registered in a database created in the Aalborg University Hospital Licensed Research Electronic Data Capture (RedCap) (Vanderbilt University, Nashville, Tennessee, USA). Data are kept on a separate, secured server. Data will not be shared with a third party and will remain within Denmark. The study is approved by the Danish Ethical committee, the Data Protection Agency and registered in the North Jutland Regional Research database. The study is investigator initiated and funded by an unrestricted grant from "Fisher & Paykel Healthcare". The contract between Investigator and "Fisher & Paykel Healthcare", including a data‐management agreement, is approved by the Legal Unit at Aalborg University Hospital. Collaboration‐ and data management agreements with the adjacent sites are also approved by the Legal Unit at Aalborg University Hospital. Sample size calculation Power calculations were based on results‐ and the power calculation carried out in the study by Cortegiani et al. This study anticipated a standard deviation for PaCO2 equal to 15 mmHg (1.99kPa) and a non‐inferiority limit of 10 mmHg for PaCO2 (1.33 kPa). At confidence intervals of 95%, a margin of error of 5, and with inclusion of extra 10 patients per variable in the multiple regression analysis (PaCO2 baseline, flow, cannula size, time, and respiratory rate) a total of 138 patients, equally randomized to OptiflowTM /OptiflowTM+Duet nasal cannulas (69/69). Statistical analysis plan ‐ Describing baseline information and investigating potential differences between the two groups of patients: Mean/standard deviations, median/interquartile ranges, dependent on normality, judged by Shapiro‐Wilk's test. ‐ Describing adherence to HFNC treatment: Percent of total population ‐ To investigate changes in PaCO2: Multiple regression analysis, correcting for PaCO2 at baseline, HFNC‐flow, cannula size, duration of HFNC‐treatment, and respiratory rate. ‐ To investigate changes in pH: Unpaired t‐test, with respect for deviation from normal distribution and thereof need of calculation of SE (boot‐strap‐ or Mann‐Whitney test if non‐parametric p‐value). ‐ To investigate pH‐neutrality +/‐: Fisher's exact test ‐ To investigate time to pH neutral: Cox regression analysis
 Once-daily QVA149 improves lung function and dyspnoea compared with tiotropium plus formoterol: the QUANTIFY study;  Introduction The QUANTIFY study compared QVA149, an approved once‐daily (OD) LABA (indacaterol) plus LAMA (glycopyrronium) dual bronchodilator combination, with the free‐dose combination of tiotropium plus formoterol (TIO+FOR) regarding lung function, dyspnoea and health‐related quality of life in patients with COPD. Methods This double‐blind, triple‐dummy 26‐week study randomised patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD to QVA149 110/50μg OD or TIO 18μg OD plus FOR 12μg b.i.d. (1:1). Endpoints included pre‐dose FEV1 and FVC, TDI responder rates and St George's Respiratory Questionnaire‐COPD (SGRQ‐C). Results Of the 934 patients randomised (QVA149 [N=476] and TIO+FOR [N=458]) 87.9% completed the study. Non‐inferiority of QVA149 was met with respect to SGRQ‐C (least square mean treatment difference [LSMTD] ‐0.69 units, 95% CI ‐2.31 to 0.92). QVA149 showed statistically significant improvements in lung function (pre‐dose FEV1: LSMTD=68 mL, p<0.001; pre‐dose FVC: LSMTD=74 mL, p<0.01) and TDI responder rates (risk ratio=1.17; p<0.05) versus TIO+FOR. Similarly, QVA149 significantly improved pre‐dose FEV1 irrespective of age, gender, inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) use and COPD severity (Figure 1). (Figure Presented) Conclusion QVA149 significantly improved lung function as well as dyspnoea and was non‐inferior in improving health‐related quality of life compared with TIO+FOR free‐dose combination.
 Dual bronchodilation with once-daily QVA149 provides superior bronchodilation compared to its mono-components and tiotropium in all subgroups of patients with COPD: the shine study;  Rationale QVA149 is a novel inhaled once‐daily, fixed‐dose combination of the long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA) indacaterol and the long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) glycopyrronium (NVA237), in development for the maintenance treatment of COPD. The SHINE study evaluated the effect of QVA149 on lung function compared with glycopyrronium, indacaterol, tiotropium and placebo. Here we report pre‐specified subgroup analyses of mean trough FEV1 (mean of 23h 10min and 23h 45min post‐dose) at Week 26 for age, gender, COPD severity, smoking status and baseline inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) use. Methods In this 26‐week, multicenter, double‐blind, parallel‐group, placebo and active controlled (open‐label tiotropium) study, male or female patients ≥40 years of age with moderate‐to‐severe COPD (post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC <0.7 and FEV1 ≥30% to <80% predicted) and smoking history ≥10 pack‐years were randomized to receive once‐daily QVA149 (110/50μg), indacaterol (150μg), glycopyrronium (50μg), tiotropium (18μg) or placebo (2:2:2:2:1). Results In total, 2144 patients (mean age 63.9 years; mean FEV1 post‐bronchodilator 55.2% predicted) were randomized (QVA149 [n=475]; indacaterol [n=477]; glycopyrronium [n=475]; tiotropium [n=483]; placebo [n=234]); out of which 89.1% completed the study. QVA149 once daily provided significantly greater bronchodilation in all the subgroups compared to glycopyrronium, indacaterol, tiotropium and placebo (Table 1). Conclusion QVA149 once daily provides superior bronchodilation compared to its mono‐components indacaterol and glycopyrronium, and tiotropium, irrespective of age, gender, COPD severity, smoking status, and concomitant ICS use. (Table Presented).
 Maximizing Adherence and Gaining New Information For Your Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (MAGNIFY COPD): Study Protocol for the Pragmatic, Cluster Randomized Trial Evaluating the Impact of Dual Bronchodilator with Add-On Sensor and Electronic Monitoring on Clinical Outcomes;  BACKGROUND: Poor treatment adherence in COPD patients is associated with poor clinical outcomes and increased healthcare burden. Personalized approaches for adherence management, supported with technology‐based interventions, may offer benefits to patients and providers but are currently unproven in terms of clinical outcomes as opposed to adherence outcomes. METHODS: Maximizing Adherence and Gaining New Information For Your COPD (MAGNIFY COPD study), a pragmatic cluster randomized trial, aims to evaluate the impact of an adherence technology package (interventional package), comprising an adherence review, ongoing provision of a dual bronchodilator but with an add‐on inhaler sensor device and a connected mobile application. This will compare time to treatment failure and other clinical outcomes in patients identified at high risk of exacerbations with historic poor treatment adherence as measured by prescription collection to mono/dual therapy over one year (1312 patients) versus usual care. Treatment failure is defined as the first occurrence of one of the following: (1) moderate/severe COPD exacerbation, (2) prescription of triple therapy (inhaled corticosteroid/long‐acting β2‐agonist/long‐acting muscarinic antagonist [ICS/LABA/LAMA]), (3) prescription of additional chronic therapy for COPD, or (4) respiratory‐related death. Adherence, moderate/severe exacerbations, respiratory‐related healthcare resource utilization and costs, and intervention package acceptance rate will also be assessed. Eligible primary care practices (N=176) participating in the Optimum Patient Care Quality Improvement Program will be randomized (1:1) to either adherence support cluster arm (suitable patients already receiving or initiated Ultibro® Breezhaler® [indacaterol/glycopyrronium] will be offered interventional package) or the control cluster arm (suitable patients continue to receive usual clinical care). Patients will be identified and outcomes collected from anonymized electronic medical records within the Optimum Patient Care Research Database. On study completion, electronic medical record data will be re‐extracted to analyze outcomes in both study groups. REGISTRATION NUMBER: ISRCTN10567920. CONCLUSION: MAGNIFY will explore patient benefits of technology‐based interventions for electronic adherence monitoring.
 The effectiveness of single dose Ultibro Breezhaler (indacaterol/glycopyrronium) by sd-DPI versus ipratropium/salbutamol by nebulizer in improving FEV1 and dyspnea during stable state of COPD;  INTERVENTION: After inclusion long‐acting bronchodilators will be washed‐out for at least 7 days, and patients will be randomised to receive either Ultibro + placebo nebulization or ipratropium/salbutamol nebulization and placebo Breezhaler first. After a new washout period of at least 7 days they will receive the other treatment. During the trial they will be prescribed fenoterol/ipratropium as reliever medication. At 0 min the patient starts with Breezhaler. Nebulization starts immediately after Breezhaler has been taken. During washout patients may use reliever fenoterol/ipratropium ma X4 times daily (20/50ug by PMDI and spacer, ma X8 puffs per day) and they may continue any inhaled corticosteroids in a stable dose, in stable state during the study. The last dose fenoterol/ipratropium is permitted till 6 hours before the measurements. CONDITION: ; Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease ; COPD 10006436 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Area under the curve (AUC) from 0 to 6 hours of FEV1 with indacaterol and ; glycopyrronium, compared to nebulisation with ipratropium/salbutamol. ; SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1. Change in Borg dyspnea score at 30 min: change in Borg score at other time ; points, and proportion of patients reaching the MCID at all time points (15, ; 30, 60, 120 240 and 360 min) (1) ; 2. Changes in level of hyperinflation (by IC measurement), and proportion of ; participants reaching a difference of 100 ml. ; 3. Time to FEV1 increase of 100 ml ; 4. Peak effect of FEV1 from 0 to 6 hours ; 5. Time to peak of FEV1 ; 6. FEV1 at all other time points (15, 30, 60, 120 240 and 360 min) ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: In order to be eligible to participate in this study, a subject must meet all of the following criteria:;1. COPD, post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC < 70%; post‐br FEV1 < 80%pred 2. Active mastery of Dutch 3. Written informed consent 4. At least 40 years old 5. Patients must be able to understand and complete protocol requirements, Instructions, and questionnaires provided in Dutch
 Once-daily QVA149 demonstrates superior lung function compared to twice-daily salmeterol/fluticasone in all subgroups of COPD patients: the illuminate study;  Rationale QVA149 is a novel inhaled once‐daily, fixed‐dose combination of the long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA) indacaterol and the long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) glycopyrronium (NVA237), in development for maintenance treatment of COPD. This study evaluated the superiority of QVA149 once daily for efficacy and safety over salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) twice daily in patients with COPD. Here, we report the subgroup analyses of area under the curve from 0 to 12 hour post‐dose for FEV1 (FEV1 AUC0‐12h) at Week 26 (the primary study endpoint) for age, gender, smoking status, COPD severity and FEV1 reversibility. Methods ILLUMINATE was a 26‐week, multicenter, double���blind, double‐dummy, parallel group study. Patients ≥40 years with moderate‐to‐severe COPD (post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC <0.7 and FEV1 ≥40% to <80% predicted), no history of exacerbations in the previous year and a smoking history ≥10 pack‐years, were randomized to receive either QVA149 once daily (110/50μg via the Breezhaler® device) or SFC twice daily (500/50μg via the Accuhaler® device). Results 523 patients (35.1% on inhaled corticosteroids use) were randomized [QVA149 (n=259), SFC (n=264); male (70.9%); mean age: 63.3 years; mean post‐bronchodilator FEV1: 60.2% predicted], 82.6% completed. Least squares mean (LSM) treatment difference for FEV1 AUC0‐12h at 26 weeks was in favor of QVA149 versus SFC (138 mL; p<0.001). Subgroup analyses of LSM treatment differences in FEV1 AUC0‐12h for QVA149 versus SFC at Week 26 is provided in the Figure 1. Conclusion QVA149 once daily provided significantly greater bronchodilation compared with SFC over 26 weeks. A clinically meaningful and statistically significant improvement for FEV1 AUC0‐12h for QVA149 was demonstrated in all subgroups. (Table Presented).
 Triple inhaled therapy for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  Combining individual drugs in a single inhaler is the most convenient way to deliver triple therapy. A long‐acting muscarinic receptor antagonist (LAMA) added to an inhaled corticosteroid (ICS)/long‐acting β2‐adrenoceptor agonist (LABA) fixed‐dose combination (FDC) can improve efficacy of pharmacological treatment of patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). New inhaled ICS/LABA/LAMA FDCs, including fluticasone furoate/vilanterol/umeclidinium, budesonide/formoterol/glycopyrronium and beclometasone/formoterol/glycopyrronium, are in Phase III of clinical development for COPD. Triple inhaled therapy might be particularly useful in patients with severe to very severe COPD, above all in those with peripheral blood or sputum eosinophilia, asthma–COPD overlap syndrome (ACOS) or frequent exacerbators. Future prospective studies should assess efficacy and safety of triple ICS/LABA/LAMA therapy in selected COPD phenotypes.
 Dual bronchodilation with QVA149 provides a rapid onset of action throughout the course of treatment in patients with COPD;  Rationale QVA149 is a novel inhaled once‐daily, fixed‐dose combination of the long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA) indacaterol and the long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) glycopyrronium (NVA237), in development for the maintenance treatment of COPD. Characteristics of COPD medications and regimens may contribute to nonadherence, and should be considered when selecting the appropriate treatment for a patient. Suboptimal adherence may be attenuated by replacing complex with more simple drug regimen and the use of medication with a fast onset of action1 that make the patient feel immediate benefit. Here, we present the results of FEV1 data at 5 min and 30 min post‐dose at Day 1, Weeks 12 and 26, for two different studies (SHINE [NCT01202188], and ILLUMINATE [NCT01315249]) from the QVA149 IGNITE program. Methods Both were multicenter, double‐blind, parallel‐group, studies which randomized male or female patients ≥40 years of age with moderate‐to‐severe COPD and smoking history ≥10 pack‐years to receive the following; once‐daily QVA149 (110/50μg), indacaterol (150μg), glycopyrronium (50μg), placebo (all delivered via the Breezhaler® device) or open‐label tiotropium (18μg; delivered via the Handihaler® device) (2:2:2:1:2) for 26 weeks in the SHINE study; and double‐dummy QVA149 110/50μg or salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) 50/500μg (via the Accuhaler® device) (1:1) for 26 weeks in the ILLUMINATE study. Results In the SHINE study, 2144 patients were randomized, (QVA149 [n=475]; indacaterol [n=477]; glycopyrronium [n=475]; tiotropium [n=483]; placebo [n=234]), 89.1% completed the study. 75.4% were male; mean age: 63.9 years; mean post‐bronchodilator FEV1: 55.2% predicted. In the ILLUMINATE study, 523 patients (35.1% on inhaled corticosteroids use) were randomized [QVA149, n=259; SFC, n=264; male (70.9%); mean age: 63.3 years; mean post‐bronchodilator FEV1: 60.2% predicted], 82.6% completed. QVA149 significantly increased the FEV1 after 5 min and 30 min on Day 1, Week 12 and Week 26 (Table). Conclusion QVA149 once daily provides unprecedented, robust and rapid onset of action compared with placebo. The bronchodilation improved from Day 1 to Week 12 and was then maintained without signs of tachyphylaxis. Significant improvements were also observed and maintained compared with indacaterol, glycopyrronium, tiotropium, and SFC over 26 weeks. (Table Presented).
 Once-daily QVA149 provides superior bronchodilation and improves lung function versus twice-daily fluticasone/salmeterol in COPD patients: the ILLUMINATE study;  Introduction QVA149 is a novel inhaled once‐daily dual bronchodilator containing a fixed‐dose combination of the long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA) indacaterol and the long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) glycopyrronium, in development for the maintenance treatment of COPD. This study evaluated the superiority of QVA149 once daily in terms of efficacy over fluticasone/salmeterol twice daily in patients with COPD. Methods In this 26 week, multicentre, double‐blind, double‐dummy, parallel‐group study patients aged ≥40 years with moderate‐to‐severe COPD (post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC <0.7 and FEV1 ≥40% to <80% predicted), no history of exacerbations in the previous year and smoking history ≥10 pack‐years, were randomised (1:1) to receive QVA149 110/50μg (via the Breezhaler® device) or fluticasone/salmeterol 500/50μg (via the Accuhaler® device). The primary efficacy end point was standardised FEV1 area under the curve (FEV1 AUC0‐12h) at Week 26. The pre‐dose trough FEV1 on Week 12 and 26 and peak FEV1 on Day 1, Week 12 and Week 26 were also measured. Results A total of 523 patients (35.1% on inhaled corticosteroids use) were randomised [QVA149, n=259; fluticasone/salmeterol, n=264; male (70.9%); mean age: 63.3 years; mean post‐bronchodilator FEV1: 60.2% predicted], 82.6% completed. FEV1 AUC0‐12h was found clinically meaningful and statistically significant in favour of QVA149 compared to fluticasone/salmeterol on Day 1, Week 12 and Week 26 (Least squares mean [LSM] treatment difference=70mL, 120mL, 140mL, respectively; all p<0.001). Pre‐dose trough FEV1 was significantly (p<0.001) higher for QVA149 compared with fluticasone/salmeterol at Week 12 and 26 (LSM treatment difference=90mL and 100mL, respectively; p<0.001). The LSM treatment difference for peak FEV1 was also statistically significant for QVA149 compared with fluticasone/salmeterol on Day 1 (70mL), Week 12 (150mL) and Week 26 (150mL), all p<0.001. Conclusion QVA149 once daily provided superior bronchodilation at all time‐points compared to fluticasone/salmeterol twice daily and showed clinically meaningful improvements in lung function for a sustained period of 26 weeks. In moderate‐to‐severe COPD patients without a history of exacerbations in the previous year, LABA/LAMA dual bronchodilation with once‐daily QVA149 proves a superior alternative to twice‐daily fluticasone/salmeterol. (Table presented).
 QVA149 improves lung function in patients with a history of exacerbations and baseline ICS use: a subgroup analysis from shine study;  Rationale COPD exacerbations are linked to a rapid decline in lung function and increased mortality. QVA149 is a once‐daily dual bronchodilator with a fixed‐dose combination of long‐acting β2‐agonist (indacaterol) and long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (glycopyrronium), for the treatment of COPD. We report the findings in a subgroup of patients from the SHINE study who had a history of at least one exacerbation and inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) use at baseline. Methods SHINE was a multicenter, double‐blind, parallel‐group, randomized, placebo and active‐controlled trial. Patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD and ≥10 years of smoking history were randomized (2:2:2:2:1) to receive QVA149 110/50 μg, indacaterol 150 μg, glycopyrronium 50 μg (all administered via the Breezhaler® device), open‐label tiotropium 18 μg (administered via the HandiHaler® device) or placebo (administered via the Breezhaler® device) for 26 weeks. This post‐hoc analysis evaluated the effect of QVA149 on trough forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) and forced vital capacity (FVC) in comparison with indacaterol, glycopyrronium, tiotropium and placebo using a linear mixed model in patients with at least one exacerbation and ICS use at baseline. Results In total, 2135 patients were included in the full analysis set, 542 patients had a history of exacerbations and baseline ICS use, of which 465 were included in this subgroup analysis (QVA149=110, indacaterol=105, glycopyrronium=111, tiotropium=102 and placebo=37). At Week 26, QVA 149 significantly improved trough FEV1 compared with indacaterol, glycopyrronium, tiotropium, and placebo (treatment differences ranging from 0.08 to 0.23 L; p<0.01). Trough FVC at Week 26 was significantly improved with QVA149 compared with indacaterol, tiotropium, and placebo (treatment differences ranging from 0.12 to 0.28 L; p<0.01) and was numerically higher than glycopyrronium (treatment difference: 0.06 L; p=0.1969; Table 1). Conclusion In patients with a history of at least one exacerbation and baseline ICS use, QVA149 showed improved lung function that was significantly greater than seen with indacaterol, glycopyrronium, tiotropium or placebo. (Table Presented).
 Effects of roflumilast in COPD patients receiving inhaled corticosteroid/long-acting β2-agonist fixed-dose combination: RE(2)SPOND rationale and study design;  BACKGROUND: Roflumilast, a once‐daily, selective phosphodiesterase‐4 inhibitor, reduces the risk of COPD exacerbations in patients with severe COPD associated with chronic bronchitis and a history of exacerbations. The RE(2)SPOND study is examining whether roflumilast, when added to an inhaled corticosteroid/long‐acting β2‐agonist (ICS/LABA) fixed‐dose combination (FDC), further reduces exacerbations. The methodology is described herein. METHODS: In this Phase IV, multicenter, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, parallel‐group trial, participants were randomized 1:1 (stratified by long‐acting muscarinic antagonist use) to receive roflumilast or placebo, plus ICS/LABA FDC, for 52 weeks. Eligible participants had severe COPD associated with chronic bronchitis, had two or more moderate‐severe exacerbations within 12 months, and were receiving ICS/LABA FDC for ≥3 months. The primary efficacy measure is the rate of moderate or severe COPD exacerbations per participant per year. The secondary efficacy outcomes include mean change in prebronchodilator forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) over 52 weeks, rate of severe exacerbations, and rate of moderate, severe, or antibiotic‐treated exacerbations. Additional assessments include spirometry, rescue medication use, the COPD assessment test, daily symptoms using the EXACT‐Respiratory symptoms (E‐RS) questionnaire, all‐cause and COPD‐related hospitalizations, and safety and pharmacokinetic measures. RESULTS: Across 17 countries, 2,354 participants were randomized from September 2011 to October 2014. Enrollment goal was met in October 2014, and study completion occurred in June 2016. CONCLUSION: This study will further characterize the effects of roflumilast added to ICS/LABA on exacerbation rates, lung function, and health of severe‐very severe COPD participants at risk of further exacerbations. The results will determine the clinical benefits of roflumilast combined with standard‐of‐care inhaled COPD treatment.
 A study to evaluate whether a new inhaled medicine (combination of beclometasone plus formoterol plus glycopyrronium) works as well as a licensed medicine (combination of indacaterol and glycopyrronium) in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: CHF 5993 pMDI Pharmaceutical Form: Pressurised inhalation, solution INN or Proposed INN: BECLOMETASONE DIPROPIONATE CAS Number: 5534‐09‐8 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 100‐ INN or Proposed INN: FORMOTEROL FUMARATE CAS Number: 43229‐80‐7 Other descriptive name: FF Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 6‐ INN or Proposed INN: GLYCOPYRRONIUM BROMIDE CAS Number: 596‐51‐0 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 12.5‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Pressurised inhalation, solution Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Trade Name: Ultibro Breezhaler® Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, hard capsule INN or Proposed INN: INDACATEROL CAS Number: 312753‐06‐3 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 85‐ INN or Proposed INN: GLYCOPYRRONIUM BROMIDE CAS Number: 596‐51‐0 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 43‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, hard capsule Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease ; MedDRA version: 20.0 Level: PT Classification code 10009033 Term: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease System Organ Class: 10038738 ‐ Respiratory, thoracic and mediastinal disorders Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To demonstrate the superiority of CHF 5993 pMDI over Ultibro® in terms of moderate and severe COPD exacerbation rate over 52 weeks of treatment. Primary end point(s): • Moderate and severe COPD exacerbation rate over 52 weeks of treatment. Secondary Objective: • To evaluate the effect of CHF 5993 pMDI on other lung function parameters, patient’s health status and clinical outcome measures.; • To assess the safety and the tolerability of the study treatments.; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Study duration SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): • Time and rate of COPD exacerbation ; • Change from baseline pre‐dose morning FEV1, FVC and FEV1 response ; • Change in SGRQ, CAT, EXACT‐PRO score ; • Use of rescue medication and nocturnal symptoms Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Study duration INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Male and female adults aged = 40 years with written informed consent obtained prior to any study‐related procedure. 2. Patients with a diagnosis of severe or very severe COPD airflow obstruction (according to GOLD guidelines, updated 2014) at least 12 months before the screening visit. 3. Current smokers or ex‐smokers who quit smoking at least 6 months prior to screening visit, with a smoking history of at least 10 pack years 4. A post‐bronchodilator FEV1 < 50% of the predicted normal value and a post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC ratio < 0.7. [Post bronchodilator means at least 10‐15 min after 4 puffs (4 x 100 mcg) of salbutamol pMDI]. 5. A documented history of at least one exacerbation in the 12 months preceding the screening visit. 6. Patients under double therapy for at least 2 months prior to screening with either an inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) plus a long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) or long‐acting ß2‐agonist (LABA) or a doub
 A Single Inhalation Dose Study to Assess Efficacy, Pharmacokinetics (PK), Safety and Tolerability of AZD8871 in Patients With Long-term Lung Diseases;  This randomized, double‐blind, placebo and active‐controlled crossover study will be conducted at 5 sites in Germany and the United Kingdom (UK). Approximately 180 patients will be screened in order to randomize 72 patients into the study. Based on previous studies estimate, it is anticipated that 54 patients will be evaluable (study completers) assuming an approximate 25% dropout rate. A subset of 36 patients, who will have specifically consented for pharmacokinetics (PK), will undergo PK assessments. The study will consist of ‐ ‐ A Screening period: Will last up to 28 days and consists of 2 Screening visits (Visit 1 and Visit 2) and a run‐in period (between a minimum of 14 and a maximum of 28 days; from Visit 2 to Visit 3). ‐ Three treatment periods (Visit 3; 14 days each; each separated by a wash‐out period of 42 to 49 days) and ‐ A Follow‐up Visit: 42 days (up to 49 days) after last investigational product (IP) administration. Patients will be requested to stop their usual COPD therapy after signing the informed consent form (ICF) at Visit 1 and will be maintained on a mono‐component inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) therapy, if required. Patients that were taking any LAMA will be maintained with ipratropium (34 µg × 2 puffs 4 times per day) between Visit 1 and Visit 2. In addition, salbutamol 100 µg will be provided as rescue medication during the study as needed (rescue medication has to be discontinued 6 hours before any pulmonary function test). Visit 1 and Visit 2 could be performed on the same day if no wash‐out of prior medication is required and the patient visits the site in fasting condition. In case any wash‐out of prior medication is required, then Visit 2 will be performed after the wash‐out is complete. If reversibility criteria and forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) predicted values are fulfilled according to inclusion criteria, the patient will be started on run‐in period to assess clinical stability. If reversibility criteria or FEV1 predicted values are not met, pulmonary function tests could be rescheduled at the latest, up to Day 14. During the run in period, all patients will receive ipratropium 34 µg × 2 puffs 4 times per day (must be discontinued 8 hours prior to previous any pulmonary function test). A paper diary will be used to collect adverse events (AEs) and concomitant medication during run‐in and wash‐out periods. Eligible patients will be randomized in 1:1:1:1:1:1 ratio to 1 of 6 treatment sequences and will receive orally 1 of the following 3 treatments sequence in the form of inhalation powder using DPI : ‐ AZD8871 600 µg once daily (double‐blind). ‐ Anoro® Ellipta® (55 µg umeclidinium [UMEC]/ 22 µg vilanterol [VI]) once daily (double‐blind). ‐ Placebo (double‐blind). Study treatment administration during all the visits at the sites (Day 1, Day 2, Day 8, and Day 14 of each treatment period) will be supervised by study personnel. During the treatment period Visits, safety and tolerability assessments and pulmonary function measurements will be taken pre‐dose and up to 24 hours (Day 1) and up to 4 hours (Day 8) post‐dose, respectively. At Visits 3 to 11, a subset of 36 patients will undergo PK assessments. Blood samples will be collected pre‐dose and up to 24 hours post dose. In follow‐up visit, AEs, safety laboratory, electrocardiogram (ECG), vital signs and physical examination will be assessed. The study includes 12 visits and the entire study period is scheduled to take from a minimum of 6.5 months (182 days) to a maximum of 7.5 months (217 days) for each individual patient. The estimated study duration is 12 months.
 A clinical trial comparing the difference between participants who are frequently monitored for their compliance with their inhaler medication and participants who receive only their routine care in people suffering from asthma or COPD;  INTERVENTION: Trial participants will enter the study on their established ICS/LABA ± LAMA therapy prior to trial entry (routine inhaled therapy) Routine inhaled therapy will be replaced with study treatments, Relvar®Ellipta® (fluticasone furoate vilanterol) ± Incruse®Ellipta® (umeclidinium bromide, with umeclidinium as a fixed dose additional therapy) at an equivalent ICS dose based upon a reported therapeutic inde Xstudy. 1. Biomarker intervention arm 1.1. Titration of corticosteroid component of study inhaler depending on blood eosinophil level and measured adherence level. Dose titration is to be delivered based on eosinophil count only if the adherence level is >75%. Adherence intervention will be delivered based on calibrated adherence to study advisory irrespective of blood eosinophil level. 1.2. Dose titration options (according to a pre‐specified biomarker algorithm): 1.2.1. Relvar®Ellipta® 92/22 (fluticasone furoate/vilanterol) 1.2.2. Relvar®Ellipta®?® 184/22 (fluticasone furoate/vilanterol) 1.2.3. Anoro@ Ellipta@ (umeclidinium/vilanterol) for persistently biomarker low adherent patients with COPD only 1.3. Pre‐defined study adherence cut‐off thresholds and interventions (platforms supported by Propeller Health Ltd (monitoring) and Atom5 TM (intervention)). 1.3.1. Low Adherence rate (video consultation‐based behavioural interventions and Atom5TM App‐based push reminders only 1.3.2. Moderate and good Adherence rate (>50% Adherence) – App‐based push reminders only and no intensive intervention 2. Standard of care arm 2.1. Trial participants will switch to therapeutic CONDITION: Chronic airway disease (Asthma or COPD) ; Respiratory PRIMARY OUTCOME: ; 1. Annualised rate of airway disease exacerbations from baseline to 24 weeks, with exacerbations defined as:; ; 1.1. Mild exacerbations (any one of):; 1.1.1. Nocturnal awakening(s) on at least 2 nights; 1.1.2. Increase in short‐acting beta agonist (SABA) use for at least 2 nights; 1.1.3. =20% decrease in peak expiratory flow on at least 2 nights compared to the optimal run‐in peak flow reading; 1.1.4. =20% decrease in FEV1 compared to optimal run‐in FEV1 reading; 1.1.5. A visit to the emergency department (ED)/trial team for increased symptoms but not requiring additional systemic corticosteroids.; ; 1.2. Moderate‐to‐severe exacerbation (any one of):; 1.2.1. Use of systemic corticosteroids ±antibiotics, or an increase from a stable?maintenance dose, for at least 3 days. A period of 7 days or more between additional corticosteroids will be defined as a separate event; 1.2.3. An episode of hospitalization or ED (emergency department) visit because of increased airways disease symptoms, requiring systemic corticosteroids ± antibiotics; ; Exacerbations will be captured via the electronic symptom diary supported by digital platform Atom5 and Nuvoair, with data collected three times per week to allow monitoring mild exacerbation events.; ; 2. Annualised rate of all airway disease exacerbations from baseline visit to the study endpoint (24 weeks); SECONDARY OUTCOME: ; 1. Secondary outcome measures from baseline (week 0) to week 24:; 1.1. Pre‐bronchodilator Forced Expiratory Volume in 1 second (FEV1) and FEV1/FVC measured at study visits (weeks?0,12 & 24); 1.2. Compliance with biomarker algorithm‐based treatment advisories during the trial (proportion of days in the month that participants adhere to algorithm‐based treatment advisories over 24 weeks). Electronically monitored adherence profile (weeks 0, 4, 8,12 & 24); 1.3. St George’s Respiratory Questionnaire score (SGRQ)?(weeks 0, 12 & 24); 1.4. Annualised rate of moderate to severe exacerbation?events?requiring?oral corticosteroids or antibiotics; ; 2. Exploratory (Clinical biomarkers):; To compare the following outcome measures between the biomarker intervention arm and the standard of care arm:; 2.1. Additional exacerbation outcomes:; 2.1.1. Time to first moderate‐severe exacerbation; 2.1.2. Hospital or Emergency Department (ED) admissions due to exacerbations of airway disease; 2.2. Biomarkers:; 2.2.1. Change in blood eosinophil counts (weeks 0, 12 & 24); 2.3. Symptom questionnaires (Comparison of change over 24 weeks and responder analysis); 2.3.1. COPD Assessment Tool (CAT) for COPD participants; 2.3.2. Asthma Control Test Score (ACT) for Asthma patients; 2.3.3. Extended MRC dyspnoea score (eMRC) for participants with both asthma and COPD; ; 3. Exploratory (Digital biomarkers):; The following digital biomarkers will be collected and assessed as exploratory analyses at Imperial College, London; 3.1. Composite Exacerbation Endpoints:; Analysis of thrice weekly study acquired PEFR/FEV1, Reliever use and symptom scores with a view to deriving composite exacerbation endpoint measurements using threshold and slope‐based indices. (weeks 0‐12, 13‐24 & 0‐24); 3.2. Cough biomarker analysis (Nuvoair data):; 3.2.1. Cough counts (weeks 0‐12, 13‐24 & 0‐24); 3.2.2. Cough sound biomarkers (including frequency ‐ median (range) and amplitude) (weeks 0‐12, 13‐24 & 0‐24); 3.3. Physical activity monitoring biomarkers (Fitbit data):; 3.3.1. Daily step count (weeks 0‐12, 13‐24 & 0‐24); 3.3.2. Mean and standard deviation of daily heart rate (weeks 0‐12, 13‐24 & 0‐24) Mean and standard deviation of daily energy expenditure (weeks 0‐12, 13‐24 & 0‐24); 3.3.3. Sleep duration (weeks 0‐12, 13‐24 & 0‐24); 3.4. Causal inference analyses using complier average causal effect (CACE) modelling of study adherence data and exacerbation events, with a view to understanding the impact of temporal variations in adherence to inhaled therapy and mild, moderate‐severe, exacerbations.; ; 4. Biobanking at stable disease state (with optional consent):; 4.1. Collection of the following biological samples at the screening visit (week ‐34 to ‐22) and week 24; 4.1.1. Blood (DNA PAXgene); 4.1.2. Urine; 4.1.3. Serum; 4.1.4. Plasma; 4.1.5. Nasopharyngeal swab; ; 5. Exacerbation profiling Sub‐study (Optional); A subgroup of trial participants (n = 100 participants, with 50 participants from each trial arm) will be analysed in greater depth if they report a moderate‐severe exacerbation event.; Trial participants will be asked to report to their local trial site, should they require oral steroids or antibiotics for an exacerbation, preferably prior to initiating treatment; 5.1. The following samples will be collected at these exacerbation visits:; 5.1.1. Blood tests (FBC, C‐Reactive Protein); 5.1.2. Spontaneous Sputum samples; 5.1.3. Plasma; 5.1.4. Nasopharyngeal swabs; 5.1.5. Urine; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Clinically diagnosed airway disease (asthma or COPD) 2. Blood eosinophil count of = 0.2 X109/L either at the clinic visit or any one time in the preceding 24 months 3. History of “Exacerbation prone airway disease” (defined as 2 or more exacerbations requiring oral corticosteroids and or antibiotics within 12 months of initial pre‐screening review) 4. Male and female patients aged 18 years and over 5. Willing and able to consent to participate in trial 6. Able to use a smartphone device and comply with biomarker guided protocol
 The effect of umeclidinium added to inhaled corticosteroid/long-acting β2-agonist in patients with symptomatic COPD: a randomised, double-blind, parallel-group study;  Benefits of triple therapy with a long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA), added to inhaled corticosteroid (ICS)/long‐acting β2 ‐agonist (LABA), have been demonstrated. Limited data assessing the efficacy of the LAMA umeclidinium (UMEC) added to ICS/LABA are available. The aim of this study is to evaluate the efficacy and safety of UMEC added to ICS/LABAs in patients with moderate‐to‐very‐severe COPD. This is a multicentre, randomised, double‐blind, parallel‐group study. Patients were symptomatic (modified Medical Research Council Dyspnoea Scale score ≥2), despite receiving ICS/LABA (fluticasone propionate/salmeterol (FP/SAL, branded) 500/50 mcg, budesonide/formoterol (BD/FOR, branded) 200/6 mcg or 400/12 mcg, or other ICS/LABAs) ≥30 days before the run‐in (7±2 days). Patients were randomised 1:1 to once‐daily UMEC 62.5 mcg or placebo (PBO), added to twice‐daily open‐label ICS/LABA for 12 weeks. Primary end point was trough forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1) at Day 85; secondary end point was weighted mean (WM) 0‐6 h FEV1 at Day 84; other end points included COPD Assessment Test (CAT) score and Transition Dyspnoea Index (TDI) score. Adverse events (AEs) were investigated. In the UMEC+ICS/LABA and PBO+ICS/LABA groups, 119 and 117 patients were randomised, respectively. Patients received FP/SAL (40%), BD/FOR (43%) and other ICS/LABAs (17%). UMEC+ICS/LABA resulted in significant improvements in trough FEV1 (Day 85) and in WM 0‐6 h FEV1 (Day 84) versus PBO+ICS/LABA (difference: 123 and 148 ml, respectively, both P<0.001). Change from baseline for UMEC+ICS/LABA versus PBO+ICS/LABA was significantly different for CAT score at Day 84 (‐1.31, P<0.05), but not for TDI score (0.40, P=0.152). AE incidence was similar with UMEC+ICS/LABA (38%) and PBO+ICS/LABA (42%). UMEC+ICS/LABA improved lung function and CAT score in patients with symptomatic COPD versus PBO+ICS/LABA (ClinicalTrials.gov NCT02257372).
 The effect of umeclidinium added to inhaled corticosteroid/long-acting β2-agonist in patients with symptomatic COPD: a randomised, double-blind, parallel-group study;  Benefits of triple therapy with a long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA), added to inhaled corticosteroid (ICS)/long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA), have been demonstrated. Limited data assessing the efficacy of the LAMA umeclidinium (UMEC) added to ICS/LABA are available. The aim of this study is to evaluate the efficacy and safety of UMEC added to ICS/LABAs in patients with moderate‐to‐very‐severe COPD. This is a multicentre, randomised, double‐blind, parallel‐group study. Patients were symptomatic (modified Medical Research Council Dyspnoea Scale score ⩾2), despite receiving ICS/LABA (fluticasone propionate/salmeterol (FP/SAL, branded) 500/50 mcg, budesonide/formoterol (BD/FOR, branded) 200/6 mcg or 400/12 mcg, or other ICS/LABAs) ⩾30 days before the run‐in (7±2 days). Patients were randomised 1:1 to once‐daily UMEC 62.5 mcg or placebo (PBO), added to twice‐daily open‐label ICS/LABA for 12 weeks. Primary end point was trough forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1) at Day 85; secondary end point was weighted mean (WM) 0‐6 h FEV1 at Day 84; other end points included COPD Assessment Test (CAT) score and Transition Dyspnoea Index (TDI) score. Adverse events (AEs) were investigated. In the UMEC+ICS/LABA and PBO+ICS/LABA groups, 119 and 117 patients were randomised, respectively. Patients received FP/SAL (40%), BD/FOR (43%) and other ICS/LABAs (17%). UMEC+ICS/LABA resulted in significant improvements in trough FEV1 (Day 85) and in WM 0‐6 h FEV1 (Day 84) versus PBO+ICS/LABA (difference: 123 and 148 ml, respectively, both P<0.001). Change from baseline for UMEC+ICS/LABA versus PBO+ICS/LABA was significantly different for CAT score at Day 84 (‐1.31, P<0.05), but not for TDI score (0.40, P=0.152). AE incidence was similar with UMEC+ICS/LABA (38%) and PBO+ICS/LABA (42%). UMEC+ICS/LABA improved lung function and CAT score in patients with symptomatic COPD versus PBO+ICS/LABA (ClinicalTrials.gov NCT02257372).
 A randomised, parallel-group study to evaluate the effect of umeclidinium added to inhaled corticosteroid/long-acting betaagonist combination therapy in subjects with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  Rationale To evaluate efficacy and safety of adding umeclidinium (UMEC), a long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA), to inhaled corticosteroid (ICS)/long‐acting β‐agonist (LABA) in patients with moderate‐to‐very severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) for 12‐weeks. Methods Multicentre, randomised, double‐blind, parallel‐group study. Inclusion criteria included diagnosis of COPD, modified Medical Research Council Dyspnoea Scale score ≥2 (i.e. patients symptomatic on ICS/LABA), post‐salbutamol forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) ≤70% predicted and FEV1/forced vital capacity ratio of 1 at Day 85; other endpoints included 0‐6 h weighted mean FEV1, rescue medication use, COPD assessment test (CAT) score, and transition dyspnoea index (TDI) score. Adverse events (AEs) were also investigated. Results In the UMEC+ICS/LABA and PBO+ICS/LABA groups, 119 and 117 patients were randomised, respectively, receiving fluticasone/salmeterol (40%), budesonide/formoterol (43%), and other ICS/LABA, including generics (17%). Compared with PBO +ICS/LABA, UMEC+ICS/LABA resulted in statistically significant improvements in change from baseline trough FEV1 at Day 85 and 0‐6 h weighted mean FEV1 at Day 84 (Table 1). UMEC +ICS/LABA resulted in a statistically significant reduction in change from baseline mean puffs/day of rescue salbutamol over Weeks 1‐12 versus PBO+ICS/LABA, but not for percentage of rescue‐free days. Change from baseline in CAT score at Day 84 was statistically significantly different for UMEC+ICS/LABA versus PBO+ICS/LABA, but TDI score was not significantly different for UMEC+ICS/LABA versus PBO+ICS/LABA; the study was not powered for these endpoints. Incidence of AEs was similar with UMEC+ICS/LABA and PBO+ICS/LABA; n = 45 (38%) and n = 49 (42%), respectively. The most common AEs were nasopharyngitis (13‐15%) and headache (3‐7%). Conclusions UMEC+ICS/LABA improved lung function and reduced rescue medication use (mean puffs/day) and CAT score in patients with COPD versus PBO+ICS/LABA. No additional safety concerns were identified with UMEC+ICS/LABA. (Table Presented).
 A clinical trial to assess the most efficacious dose of bronchodilator, Glycopyrrolate, to add to the existing treatment (Foster®, Beclomethasone + Formoterol) for the development of a new triple therapy in a single aerosol for the treatment of patients suffering from severe COPD;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: Glycopyrrolate Product Code: CHF 5259 Pharmaceutical Form: Pressurised inhalation, solution INN or Proposed INN: Glycopyrrolate bromide CAS Number: 596‐51‐0 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: range Concentration number: 12.5 ‐25 Trade Name: Foster 100/6µg Product Name: Foster 100/6µg Pharmaceutical Form: Pressurised inhalation, solution INN or Proposed INN: BECLOMETASONE DIPROPIONATE CAS Number: 5534‐09‐8 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 100‐ CAS Number: 43229‐80‐7 Other descriptive name: FORMOTEROL FUMARATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 6‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Pressurised inhalation, solution Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease ; MedDRA version: 14.1 Level: PT Classification code 10009033 Term: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease System Organ Class: 10038738 ‐ Respiratory, thoracic and mediastinal disorders Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To evaluate the efficacy of a free combination of glycopyrrolate at 3 dose levels with fixed combination beclomethasone dipropionate plus formoterol (Foster®) in a metered dose inhaler by comparison with Foster in terms of FEV1 AUC0‐12h normalized by time on Day 7. Primary end point(s): FEV1 AUC0‐12h normalized by time on Day 7 Secondary Objective: To evaluate the effect of the free combination glycopyrrolate + Foster on other lung function parameters and on clinical outcome measures. To assess the safety and the tolerability of the study treatments.; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Day 7 SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): Efficacy variables: ; •Trough FEV1, FVC and IC at 12 h on Day 1 and Day 7 (mean of the two measurements at 12h and 12.5h post‐dose) ; •Trough FEV1, FVC and IC at 24h (mean of the two measurements at 23.5h and 24h post‐dose) on Day 7 (i.e. on the morning of Day 8) ; •FEV1 AUC0‐12h normalised by time on Day 1 ; •FEV1 AUC0‐24h and AUC12‐24h normalised by time on Day 7 ; •Peak FEV1, FVC and IC on Day 1 and Day 7 ; •FEV1, FVC and IC at each time point on Day 1 and Day 7 ; •Transition Dyspnoea Index (TDI) score on Day 8 ; •Average use of rescue medication (number of puffs/day) during the treatment period ; •Percentage of rescue use‐free days during the treatment period ; ; Safety variables: ; •Adverse events and adverse drug reactions ; •Vital signs (systolic and diastolic blood pressure, heart rate) ; •Standard haematology and blood chemistry ; •12‐lead ECG ; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Days 1, 7 and 8 INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Male and female adults (40 = age = 80 years) with written informed consent obtained prior to any study‐related procedure. 2. Outpatients with a diagnosis of COPD (according to GOLD guidelines) with: A smoking history of at least 10 pack years (pack‐years = ((number of cigarettes per day x number of years)/20). Current and ex‐smokers are eligible. (Smoking cessation therapy must be completed within 3 months prior to screening visit and smoking status shall not change after screening and during the study period) ‐ A Post‐bronchodilator 30%=FEV1<60% of the predicted normal value ‐ A Post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC < 0.7 ‐ An increase from baseline of FEV1 value 30 min after 80µg ipratropium of at least 60mL 3. Patients treated with double therapy with inhaled corticosteroids/long‐acting ß‐agonist combination or with triple therapy with inhaled corticosteroids/long‐acting ß‐agonist combination and long‐acting anticholinergic (tiotropium)
 Single inhaler triple therapy (ICS/LAMA/LABA) in patients with advanced COPD: results of the FULFIL trial;  Treatment guidelines for patients with symptomatic advanced COPD at high risk of exacerbations (GOLD Group D) recommend triple therapy using long‐acting muscarinic receptor antagonists (LAMA), long‐acting [32‐adrenergic receptor agonists (LABA), and an inhaled corticosteroid (ICS). Triple therapy currently requires using multiple inhalers several times daily. By offering a more practical dosing option, once‐daily triple therapy via a single inhaler may enhance treatment adherence and offer clinically important improvements in lung function and health‐related quality of life versus dual therapy with ICS/LABA. FULFIL (Lung Function and quality of LiFe assessment in COPD with closed trIpLe therapy) is a randomised, double‐blind, double‐dummy, parallel group multicentre study comparing 24 weeks of therapy with either once‐daily fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (100u.g/62.5u.g/25u.g) inhalation powder delivered via a single ELLIPTA® inhaler or twice‐daily budesonide/formoterol (400u.g/12u.g). FULFIL enrolled 1810 patients aged >40 years with symptomatic advanced COPD (GOLD Group D). To provide additional safety data, a subset of approximately 430 patients remained on blinded study treatment for up to 52 weeks. Unblinding and data analysis will commence in June 2016. We will report results on the co‐primary endpoints ‐ change from baseline in trough FEV1 and St George's Respiratory Questionnaire Total Score after 24 weeks of treatment ‐ and safety over 24 weeks and 52 weeks of treatment. Data from FULFIL will increase understanding of the clinical value of triple therapy compared with dual ICS/LABA therapy.
 PIFR-based Inhalation Therapy in Patients Recovering From AECOPD;  This study is designed to determine whether the optimized inhalation therapy based on peak inspiratory flow rates (PIFR) measured against the simulated resistance can reduce the rate of treatment failure in patients recovering from acute exacerbation of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (AECOPD). Errors in inhaler use and quality of life are also to be evaluated. The study will recruit 460 patients with AECOPD whose exacerbated symptoms are relieved by 5‐7 days of standard therapy. The participants are divided into PIFR group and control group in a 1:1 ratio according to a random number table method. All the patients will be given inhaled corticosteroid（ICS）/long‐acting β agonist（LABA） (budesonide/ formoterolSymbicort turbuhaler® 160/4.5 μg bid or Beclometasone/ Formoterol Foster® pressure metered dose inhaler(pMDI) 100/6 μg 2 puff bid). For symptomatic patients before acute exacerbation, Spiriva handihaler® 18μg qd or Spiriva respimat® 2.5μg qd will be prescribed in combination with ICS/LABA. For PIFR group, PIFR is measured by InCheck DIAL(Clement Clarke International Ltd, Harlow, UK and Alliance Tech Medical). If PIFR is less than 60L/min , the patient will be given pMDI with spacer. If PIFR value is over 60 L/min, the patient will be given dry powder inhaler(DPI).). The control group will be given DPI or pMDI with spacer according to the judgment of a respiratory physician. Both groups will be taught to use the device after the prescription, and then be reminded to use medication via a WeChat public account. The primary endpoint of the study is the 30‐day treatment failure including AECOPD recurrence resulting in an emergency visit, admission, or need for intensified medication). The secondary endpoints of the study are the error rate of inhalation device use, satisfaction with inhalation devices, symptoms and quality of life, 30‐day mortality, chronic obstructive pulmonary diseases(COPD)‐related treatment costs and PIFR.
 Single-inhaler triple therapy in symptomatic COPD patients: FULFIL subgroup analyses;  Triple inhaled corticosteroid (ICS)/long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA)/long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA) therapy is recommended for symptomatic patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and at risk of exacerbations. However, the benefits versus side‐effects of triple inhaled therapy for COPD, based on distinct patient clinical profiles, are unclear. FULFIL, a phase III, randomised, double‐blind study, compared 24 weeks of once‐daily fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) 100/62.5/25 µg using the Ellipta inhaler with twice‐daily budesonide/formoterol (BUD/FOR) 400/12 µg using the Turbuhaler. Subgroup analyses of forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1), St George’s Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) Total score and exacerbation rates were carried out. Subgroups were defined by COPD medication at screening (ICS+LABA, BUD+FOR, ICS+LABA+LAMA, LAMA alone, tiotropium alone and LAMA+LABA), by disease severity (lung function and exacerbations) and by exacerbation history (exacerbation severity and frequency). In the intent‐to‐treat population (n=1810) at week 24, FF/UMEC/VI (n=911) versus BUD/FOR (n=899) improved FEV1 and SGRQ Total score and reduced mean annual exacerbation rates in all disease severity and exacerbation history subgroups. FF/UMEC/VI versus BUD/FOR improved FEV1 and SGRQ Total score in all medication subgroups and reduced mean annual exacerbation rates in all medication subgroups, except LAMA+LABA. Adverse events were similar across subgroups. These findings support the benefit of FF/UMEC/VI compared with dual ICS/LABA therapy in patients with symptomatic COPD regardless of disease severity or prior treatment and may help to inform clinical decision making.
 A Study to Investigate the Differential Effects of Inhaled Symbicort and Advair on Lung Microbiota;  This is a randomized, non‐placebo controlled study to evaluate the effects of Symbicort 400 mcg twice daily (BID) and Advair 250 mcg BID over 12 weeks. As the standard of therapy for COPD is a long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) treatment, a placebo only group cannot be ethically justified. The control arm of this study will thus be Oxeze 12 ug BID. The study will recruit approximately 69 subjects, from St. Paul's Hospital and British Columbia Cancer Agency, randomized 1:1:1 to the 3 arms in blocks. We anticipate 10 to 15% drop out rate, which will enable approximately 60 subjects for full analysis. After the initial enrolment and confirmation of the entry criteria, subjects will perform spirometry before and following bronchodilation with salbutamol (up to 400 ug). They will then enter a 4‐week run‐in period during which all subjects will be withdrawn from inhaled corticosteroid containing products. They will then be treated with formoterol via Turbuhaler 12 ug BID and short‐acting beta‐2 agonists as needed (PRN). Subjects may also have LAMA (either tiotropium 18 ug once daily or glycopyrronium 50 ug once daily) at the discretion of the attending physician. At the end of the run‐in phase, eligibility will be confirmed and then subjects will undergo pre and post‐spirometry, low‐dose thoracic computed tomography (CT) and bronchoscopy. One week post‐bronchoscopy, the subjects will be randomized to a 12‐week treatment period. Subjects may also have LAMA at the discretion of the attending physician. At the end of the 12 week treatment period, the subjects will undergo pre‐ and post‐spirometry and 2nd bronchoscopy. The subjects will be re‐evaluated one week following bronchoscopy and then discharged from the study. All subjects with pulmonary nodule requiring follow‐up will be evaluated by the attending physician and the pulmonary nodule will be investigated as per guidelines of the Fleischner Society.
 Inhaled Corticosteroid Withdrawal in Patients With Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease;  This is a randomised study to be conducted in patients with severe to very severe Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) to establish whether there is a need for these patients to be continuously treated with an inhaled corticosteroid on top of two potent long‐acting bronchodilators. The study also aims to identify the type of patients who are likely to benefit from inhaled corticosteroid maintenance therapy.
 Once-daily single-inhaler versus twice-daily multiple-inhaler triple therapy: two replicate trials in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD);  Rationale: The comparative effectiveness of once‐or twice‐daily, single‐or multiple‐inhaler triple therapy (inhaled corticosteroid/long‐acting muscarinic antagonist/long‐acting β2‐agonist [ICS/LAMA/LABA]), has not been comprehensively evaluated. This analysis reports on two replicate trials comparing the efficacy and safety of two ICS/LAMA/LABA combinations in patients with COPD. Methods: The Phase IV, 12‐week, randomized, double‐blind, triple‐dummy 207608/207609 (NCT03478683/NCT03478696) trials compared once‐daily fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) 100/62.5/25μg via Ellipta, with twice‐daily budesonide/formoterol (BUD/FOR) 320/9μg via metered‐dose inhaler plus oncedaily tiotropium (TIO) 18μg via HandiHaler, in patients with symptomatic COPD and forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) <50% predicted (or FEV1 <80% predicted and ≥2 moderate or 1 severe exacerbations in the prior year). Primary endpoint in both studies was Week‐12 weighted mean change from baseline (wmCFB) in 0‐24‐hour FEV1 (modified perprotocol [mPP] population). Secondary endpoints included Day‐1 wmCFB in 0‐24‐hour FEV1, and Day‐84 and Day‐85 trough FEV1 CFB (intent‐to‐treat [ITT] population). Serial FEV1 measurements, CFB in St George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) total score and COPD Assessment Test (CAT) score and proportion of SGRQ and CAT responders at Week 12 (≥4.0‐unit increase in SGRQ total score or ≥2.0‐unit increase in CAT score) were also assessed. Safety was evaluated descriptively. Endpoints were analyzed for each study separately and for the pooled ITT population. Results: 207608 and 207609 mPP populations comprised 720 and 711 patients (ITT: 728 and 732, respectively). FF/UMEC/VI was non‐inferior to BUD/FOR+TIO for Week‐12 wmCFB in FEV1 (0‐24‐hour) in both studies (Table). In the pooled analysis, FF/UMEC/VI improved Day‐85 CFB in trough FEV1 versus BUD/FOR+TIO; no between‐treatment difference was seen in Day‐1 wmCFB FEV1 (0‐24‐hour) (Table). FF/UMEC/VI improved Week 12 serial FEV1 measurements versus BUD/FOR+TIO at 12‐hour and 24‐hour (Table). No significant treatment difference was seen for Week 12 SGRQ total score (0.0 [95% CI:‐1.0, 1.1]; P=0.956), CAT score (‐0.3 [‐0.9, 0.2]; P=0.201) or proportion of responders (odds ratio [95% CI]: SGRQ, 1.05 [0.84, 1.31]; P=0.671; CAT, 1.04 [0.83, 1.30]; P=0.732). Safety profiles were similar between treatments; pneumonia occurred in 7 (<1%) and 9 (1%) patients in FF/UMEC/VI and BUD/FOR+TIO groups, respectively. Conclusion: FF/UMEC/VI was non‐inferior to BUD/FOR+TIO on wmCFB in FEV1 (0‐24‐hour) in patients with COPD. Improvements in Week‐12 trough and 12‐hour FEV1 measurements with FF/UMEC/VI suggest that once‐daily single‐inhaler triple therapy may provide more sustained lung function benefits throughout the dosing interval compared with twice‐daily multiple‐inhaler therapy, with a similar safety profile.(Table Presented).
 FULFIL Trial: once-Daily Triple Therapy for Patients with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease;  RATIONALE: Randomized data comparing triple therapy with dual inhaled corticosteroid (ICS)/long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA) therapy in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) are limited. OBJECTIVES: We compared the effects of once‐daily triple therapy on lung function and health‐related quality of life with twice‐daily ICS/LABA therapy in patients with COPD. METHODS: The FULFIL (Lung Function and Quality of Life Assessment in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease with Closed Triple Therapy) trial was a randomized, double‐blind, double‐dummy study comparing 24 weeks of once‐daily triple therapy (fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol 100 μg/62.5 μg/25 μg; ELLIPTA inhaler) with twice‐daily ICS/LABA therapy (budesonide/formoterol 400 μg/12 μg; Turbuhaler). A patient subgroup remained on blinded treatment for up to 52 weeks. Co‐primary endpoints were change from baseline in trough FEV1 and in St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) total score at Week 24. MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: In the intent‐to‐treat population (n = 1,810) at Week 24 for triple therapy (n = 911) and ICS/LABA therapy (n = 899), mean changes from baseline in FEV1 were 142 ml (95% confidence interval [CI], 126 to 158) and ‐29 ml (95% CI, ‐46 to ‐13), respectively, and mean changes from baseline in SGRQ scores were ‐6.6 units (95% CI, ‐7.4 to ‐5.7) and ‐4.3 units (95% CI, ‐5.2 to ‐3.4), respectively. For both endpoints, the between‐group differences were statistically significant (P < 0.001). There was a statistically significant reduction in moderate/severe exacerbation rate with triple therapy versus dual ICS/LABA therapy (35% reduction; 95% CI, 14‐51; P = 0.002). The safety profile of triple therapy reflected the known profiles of the components. CONCLUSIONS: These results support the benefits of single‐inhaler triple therapy compared with ICS/LABA therapy in patients with advanced COPD. Clinical trial registered with www.clinicaltrials.gov (NCT02345161).
 Study to the effects of using "triple therapy" on the health status of COPD patients with characteristics of asthma;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Trimbow Product Name: Trimbow Pharmaceutical Form: Pressurised inhalation Trade Name: Anoro or Duaklir Genuair Inhalationpowder or Ultibro Breezhaler or Spiolto Respimat Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) patients Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): ‐ To identify patient and disease characteristics that are predictive for triple therapy effectiveness. Effectiveness is defined as improvement in CCQ of =0.4 from baseline to follow‐up.; ‐ To compare the number of moderate and severe exacerbations before (6 months) and during the study (6 months) between the study groups. ; ‐ To compare the proportion of net responders (positive responders (=0.4 improvement on the CCQ) minus negative responders (=0.4 decline on the CCQ)) between the study groups.; ‐ To compare the proportion of patients with clinically relevant improvement on either one or both, the CCQ (=0.4) or the ACQ (=0.5).; ‐ To compare the properties of the CCQ and the COPD Assessment Test (CAT) over the study period.; ‐ To compare the difference in lung function measures, Eos and FeNO between the study groups.; ‐ To describe patient reported side effects using the Inhaled Corticosteroids side‐effect Questionnaire Short Form (ICQ‐S).; ‐ To collect health resource utilisation data (e.g. exacerbations, hospitalisations) and investigate the difference in health resource use and costs between the study groups.; ‐ To investigate the differences in genome‐wide expression of mRNA, MiRNA and methylation status in epithelial cells derived from nasal brushings between the study groups.; ‐ To investigate the difference in the pneumonia incidence between the study groups; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: For each patient the duration of the study is 26 weeks. The data will be collected between December 2019 and January 2021. In the subsequent months the data will be analyzed, and a manuscript will be written. PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To investigate the effectiveness of triple therapy (ICS/LABA/LAMA) on the change in health status, measured with the Clinical COPD Questionnaire (CCQ), in symptomatic ICS‐naive COPD patients with characteristics of asthma according to GOLD 2019 and blood eosinophil counts of =100 cells per ÂµL compared to treatment with dual therapy (LABA/LAMA), within a primary care population. Effectiveness is regarded as the difference in the proportion of patients with a minimal clinically improvement on health status (CCQ improvement =0.4) between the study groups. Primary end point(s): To investigate the effectiveness of triple therapy (ICS/LABA/LAMA) on the change in health status, measured with the Clinical COPD Questionnaire (CCQ), in symptomatic ICS‐naive COPD patients with characteristics of asthma according to GOLD 2019 (Table 1) or blood eosinophil counts of =100 cells per ÂµL compared to treatment with dual therapy (LABA/LAMA), within a primary care population. Effectiveness is regarded as difference in the proportion of patients a with minimal clinically improvement on health status (CCQ improvement =0.4) between the study groups. Secondary Objective: ‐ Identify patient and disease characteristics predictive for triple therapy effectiveness.; ‐ To compare the number of moderate and severe exacerbations before and during the study between the study groups. ; ‐ To compare the proportion of net responders minus negative responders between the study groups.; ‐ To compare the proportion of patients with clinically relevant improvement on either one or both, the CCQ or the ACQ.; ‐ To compare the properties of the CCQ and the COPD Assessment Test (CAT).; ‐ To compare the difference in lung function measures, Eos and FeNO between the study groups.; ‐ To describe patient reported side effects using the ICQ‐S.; ‐ To collect health resource utilisation data and investigate the difference in health resource use and costs between the study groups. ; ‐ To investigate the difference in the pneumonia incidence between the study groups.; ‐ To compare the properties of the CCQ and the COPD Assessment Test (CAT) over the study period. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 26 weeks INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐ Physician diagnosis of COPD (documented obstruction or obstruction measured at the first study visit) ‐ Age 40 years and older ‐ Symptomatic (defined as Clinical COPD Questionnaire score = 1) ‐ ICS‐naive (last 12 months no ICS containing treatment) ‐ Usage of a long‐acting bronchodilator; either usage of a single LABA or LAMA, usage of a single LABA and a single LAMA, or a usage of a single LABA/LAMA inhaler. Patients are allowed to use short‐acting bronchodilator. ‐ Blood eosinophils =100 cells per ÂµL and one or more characteristics of asthma according to GOLD 2019. Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range 216 F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range 100
 Oral corticosteroids can improve nocturnal isolated hypoxemia in stable COPD patients with diurnal PaO2 > 60 mmHg;  The aim of this study was to evaluate whether a short therapy cycle of oral methylprednisolone plus conventional therapy might improve isolated nocturnal hypoxemia evidenced through pulse‐oxymetry in 28 patients (19 M/9 F; mean age 71 +/‐ 8.31) with stable moderate to severe COPD (average FEV1 of 43.33 +/‐ 9.38 of theoretical) and daytime PaO2 > 60 mmHg. All patients showed oxygen desaturation during the night and apnoea/hypoapnoea index < or = 10, measured by means of a nocturnal polysomnography and were successfully on conventional treatment for COPD. The patients were randomly divided into two groups: 14 (steroid group) were administered methylprednisolone for three weeks at progressively decreasing doses (16 mg/die for the first 7 days, then 8 mg die for another 7 days, and finally 4 mg die for another 7 days) plus conventional therapy (bronchodilators and inhaled corticosteroids). The remaining 14 patients (control group) instead were on conventional therapy only. After 3 weeks for the steroid group, but no for the control group, was improved next parameters (p < 0.0001): VC (L) dropped from 2.53 +/‐ 0.85 measured at baseline to 2.82 +/‐ 0.84, FEV1 dropped from 1.07 +/‐ 0.31 L to 1.23 +/‐ 0.31 L, the IC dropped from 1.71 +/‐ 0.48 to 2 +/‐ 0.37 L, the average nocturnal SpO2% from 90.4 +/‐ 1.79 to 92.3 +/‐ 1.72 and the Nocturnal Time % of SpO2 < 90% went from 31.19 +/‐ 18.12 to 10.88 +/‐ 11.56 after 3 weeks of therapy. Also dyspnoea, sleep duration and mean heart rate significantly improved (p < 0.0001). There was also a significant correlation between average increase in mean nocturnal SpO2% and in Lowest SpO2% and the variation in inspiratory capacity (IC) and in Sleep Duration % in the steroid group (p < 0.0001). In conclusion, methylprednisolone in combination with conventional medical therapy not only improved lung function values but also mean nocturnal oxyhemoglobin saturation and sleep duration in clinically stabilized COPD patients who experience nocturnal oxyhemoglobin desaturation.
 Effects of roflumilast in COPD patients receiving ics/laba fixed-dose combination: rationale and design of a prospective randomized controlled trial;  Introduction Roflumilast is a selective phosphodiesterase‐4 inhibitor approved to reduce the risk of exacerbations in patients with severe COPD associated with chronic bronchitis and a history of exacerbations. Previously conducted post‐hoc analyses demonstrated a reduction in exacerbation rates and improvements in lung function with roflumilast treatment in COPD patients taking short‐acting muscarinic antagonists, long‐acting β2‐agonists (LABAs), or inhaled corticosteroids (ICSs). A significant and sustained improvement in lung function has also been observed with roflumilast when used with concomitant bronchodilator (LABA or long‐acting muscarinic antagonist [LAMA] therapy). This phase 4 study aims to evaluate the efficacy and safety of oral roflumilast when added to fixed‐dose ICS/LABA combination treatment in severe to very severe COPD patients with a history of exacerbations. Methods This ongoing multicenter, placebo‐controlled, parallel‐group trial (NCT01443845) comprises a 2‐week single‐blind placebo run‐in phase followed by a 52‐week double‐blind treatment phase. Patients treated with fluticasone 250μg/salmeterol 50μg (1 puff BID) or budesonide 160μg/formoterol 4.5μg (2 puffs BID) for ≥3 months are randomized (1:1) to either concomitant once‐daily roflumilast 500μg or placebo. Tiotropium is allowed if used at stable doses before and during the study. Patients are ≥40 years old, have severe to very severe COPD, chronic productive cough, and ≥2 documented moderate or severe COPD exacerbations within 12 months before screening. The primary outcome is the rate of moderate or severe COPD exacerbations per patient per year, analyzed using a negative binomial regression model, with number of exacerbations per patient as a dependent variable and treatment and stratum (LAMA, no‐LAMA) as independent variables. The key secondary outcome is change in prebronchodilator FEV1 over 52 weeks of treatment. Safety assessments include adverse event recording, vital signs, physical examinations, body weight, electrocardiographic, clinical laboratory measures, and Columbia‐suicide severity rating scale. Results In multiple centers across 13 countries, 2352 patients were randomized between September 2011 and October 2014. A sample size of 2300 randomized patients has ≥90% power to detect an 18% reduction in exacerbation rate with roflumilast vs placebo (2‐sided test at 0.05 significance), based on assumptions of a mean of 1.35 exacerbations per patient per year in the placebo group and mean exposure time of 287 days across both arms. The estimated study completion date is November 2015. Baseline data for enrolled patients will be presented. Conclusions This phase 4 study will further characterize the benefits of roflumilast when used in combination with typical ICS/LABA fixed‐dose combination in patients with COPD.
 Pooled safety analysis of the fixed-dose combination of indacaterol and glycopyrronium (QVA149), its monocomponents, and tiotropium versus placebo in COPD patients;  BACKGROUND: To further assess the safety profile of the fixed‐dose combination of indacaterol and glycopyrronium (QVA149) and its monocomponents; we investigated the impact of individual patient‐level factors and time by integrating the patient‐level safety data from the QVA149 clinical programme with relevant information from the independent indacaterol and glycopyrronium safety databases. METHODS: Data from 11,404 patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) were pooled from 14 clinical studies of QVA149, indacaterol and glycopyrronium of ≥3 month's duration with at least two of the treatment groups: QVA149 110/50 μg, glycopyrronium 50 μg, indacaterol 150 μg, placebo or tiotropium 18 μg. Overall hazard ratio (HR) was assessed between the active treatments and placebo and in various subgroups related to severity of airways obstruction, inhaled corticosteroid use, cardiovascular risk factors, sex, age and body mass index for death, serious cases of cardio‐ and cerebrovascular (CCV) events, major adverse cardiovascular events (MACEs), pneumonia, COPD exacerbations requiring hospitalisation or atrial flutter/fibrillation (AF/F). RESULTS: The HR for QVA149 versus placebo showed no significant increase in the overall risk for death (HR [95% confidence interval]: 0.93 [0.34‐2.54]); CCV events (0.60 [0.29‐1.24]); MACE (1.04 [0.45‐2.42]); pneumonia (1.10 [0.54‐2.25]); COPD exacerbations (0.60 [0.40‐0.91]); and AF/F (1.03 [0.49‐2.18]). Similar results were observed for indacaterol, glycopyrronium and tiotropium versus placebo for overall risk and in analysed subgroups. CONCLUSIONS: There was no increase in the risk for the investigated safety endpoints for the fixed‐dose combination QVA149, and it had a comparable safety profile as its monocomponents and tiotropium versus placebo.
 Triple inhaled therapy in stable chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: the earlier, the better?;  Inhaled long‐acting bronchodilators (of β2‐agonist or muscarinic antagonist type) or corticosteroids are used in stable chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) treatment in a step‐up approach according to disease severity. Consequently, in more severe disease triple therapy with two bronchodilators and an inhaled corticosteroid can often be encountered in clinical practice, but its short‐and long‐term effects on disease outcomes are not very well known. The results of a study evaluating the short‐term effects of budesonide/formoterol (inhaled corticosteroid/inhaled long‐acting β2‐agonist combination) and tiotropium (inhaled long‐acting muscarinic antagonist) against tiotropium alone are analysed and discussed. On a short‐term basis, triple therapy improves lung function, health status and disease morbidity irrespective of disease severity. Long‐term benefits of triple inhaled therapy including the effects of its precocious use in less severe COPD subjects should be evaluated. © 2010 Informa UK Ltd.
 Cost effectiveness of budesonide/formoterol added to tiotropium bromide versus placebo added to tiotropium bromide in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: australian, Canadian and Swedish healthcare perspectives;  BACKGROUND: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is a progressive inflammatory lung disease associated with increasing morbidity and mortality and an economic burden that stretches beyond the patient to healthcare systems. Avoiding exacerbations and subsequent hospitalizations is an important clinical aim and can avoid significant costs associated with the disease. International guidelines recommend the addition of an inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) to a long‐acting β₂‐adrenoceptor agonist (LABA) for patients with severe to very severe COPD and a history of exacerbations. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate retrospectively over a 3‐month period, the cost effectiveness of budesonide/formoterol added to tiotropium bromide (tiotropium) compared with placebo added to tiotropium in COPD patients eligible for ICS/LABA combination therapy, based on the CLIMB study (NCT00496470). METHODS: A cost‐effectiveness analysis of data from the 12‐week, randomized, double‐blind CLIMB study of COPD patients (n = 659; eligible for ICS/LABA; aged ≥ 40 years) comparing budesonide/formoterol (Symbicort® Turbuhaler® 320/9 μg twice daily) added to tiotropium (18 μg daily) or placebo added to tiotropium was conducted. A severe exacerbation was defined as a requirement for systemic glucocorticosteroids and/or ED visit and/or hospitalization. The effectiveness variable used for this analysis was the number of severe exacerbations avoided. Direct costs (medications, hospitalizations, ED and GP visits) were calculated by applying year 2009 unit costs from Australia ($A), Canada ($Can) and Sweden (Swedish krona [SEK]) to the study's pooled resource use. One‐way sensitivity analyses for each country's mean incremental cost‐effectiveness ratio and sensitivity to overall exacerbations were conducted. Bootstrapping was performed to estimate the variation around resource use, exacerbations and each country's mean incremental cost‐effectiveness ratio. RESULTS: The mean number of severe exacerbations per patient 3‐month period was 0.11 in the budesonide/formoterol added to tiotropium arm and 0.29 in the placebo added to tiotropium arm‐‐a 62% reduction in the rate of severe exacerbations. Treatment with budesonide/formoterol added to tiotropium costs less in Australia and Canada (‐$A90 [‐€58] and ‐$Can4.51 [‐€3]) and only slightly more in Sweden (SEK444 [€43]), i.e. the savings associated with fewer exacerbations more than offset the additional budesonide/formoterol drug cost in Australia and Canada, and partially offset it in Sweden. In the Australian and Canadian perspectives, budesonide/formoterol added to tiotropium was a dominant treatment (fewer exacerbations at a lower cost) compared with placebo added to tiotropium. In Sweden, the estimated incremental cost per avoided exacerbation was SEK2502 (€244.40). CONCLUSION: Budesonide/formoterol added to tiotropium was the dominant strategy compared with placebo added to tiotropium based on a 12‐week study in COPD patients eligible for ICS/LABA combination therapy in Australia and Canada, and appears to be a cost‐effective strategy in Sweden.
 Once-daily single-inhaler versus twice-daily multiple-inhaler triple therapy in patients with COPD: lung function and health status results from two replicate randomized controlled trials;  Background: The comparative efficacy of inhaled corticosteroid/long‐Acting muscarinic antagonist/long‐Acting β2‐Agonist (ICS/LAMA/LABA) triple therapy administered via single or multiple inhalers in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) has not been evaluated comprehensively. We conducted two replicate trials comparing single‐with multiple‐inhaler ICS/LAMA/LABA combination in COPD. Methods: 207608 and 207609 were Phase IV, 12‐week, randomized, double‐blind, triple‐dummy non‐inferiority trials comparing once‐daily fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) 100/62.5/25 μg via Ellipta inhaler, with twice‐daily budesonide/formoterol (BUD/FOR) 400/12 μg via metered‐dose inhaler plus once‐daily tiotropium (TIO) 18 μg via HandiHaler. Patients had symptomatic COPD and forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1) < 50% predicted, or FEV1 < 80% predicted and ≥ 2 moderate or 1 severe exacerbations in the prior year. The primary endpoint in both trials was weighted mean change from baseline (wmCFB) in 0‐24‐h FEV1 at Week 12. Secondary endpoints included CFB in trough FEV1 at Day 84 and 85. Other endpoints included serial FEV1 and health status outcomes at Week 12. Safety was evaluated descriptively. Results: The modified per‐protocol population included 720 and 711 patients in studies 207608 and 207609 (intent‐To‐Treat population: 728 and 732). FF/UMEC/VI was non‐inferior to BUD/FOR+TIO for wmCFB in 0‐24‐h FEV1 at Week 12 (Study 207608 treatment difference [95% confidence interval]: 15 mL [‐13, 43]; Study 207609: 11 mL [‐20, 41]). FF/UMEC/VI improved trough FEV1 CFB versus BUD/FOR+TIO at Day 84 and 85 (Day 85 treatment difference: Study 207608: 38 mL [10, 66]; Study 207609: 51 mL [21, 82]) and FEV1 at 12 and 24 h post‐morning dose at Week 12 in both studies. No treatment differences were seen in health status outcomes. Safety profiles were similar between treatments; pneumonia occurred in 7 (< 1%) patients with FF/UMEC/VI and 9 (1%) patients with BUD/FOR+TIO, across both studies. Conclusions: FF/UMEC/VI was non‐inferior to BUD/FOR+TIO for wmCFB in 0‐24‐h FEV1 at Week 12 in patients with COPD. Greater improvements in trough and serial FEV1 measurements at Week 12 with FF/UMEC/VI versus BUD/FOR+TIO, together with similar health status improvements and safety outcomes including the incidence of pneumonia, suggest that once‐daily single‐inhaler FF/UMEC/VI triple therapy is a viable option for patients looking to simplify their treatment regimen. Trial registration: GSK (207608/207609; NCT03478683 / NCT03478696).
 COPD exacerbations and pneumonia on triple therapy (fixed ICS/LABA combinations and tiotropium). Does the choice of ICS/LABA matter?;  Rationale Increased rates of exacerbation and pneumonia are observed in severe and very severe COPD where triple therapy with inhaled corticosteroids/long‐acting β2‐agonist combinations (ICS/LABA) and long‐acting muscarinic antagonists is increasingly common. However, exacerbation outcomes data supporting use of triple therapy are limited. One randomized controlled trial of triple therapy with budesonide/formoterol (B/F) + tiotropium (T) vs. T alone found a 62% reduction in moderate/severe exacerbations (Welte et al AJRCCM 2009), but another using fluticasone/salmeterol (F/S) + T vs. T alone found no consistent benefit (Aaron et al Ann Intern Med 2007). This study aimed to compare the effectiveness of B/F with F/S in patients receiving concomitant T. Methods Swedish primary care medical records were linked to hospital, drug, and death register data for 1999‐2009 in this retrospective, matched‐cohort, database study (NCT01146392). The first use of triple therapy after a COPD diagnosis was the index date. Exacerbation was defined as hospitalizations; emergency visits; prescription of oral steroids or antibiotics for COPD. Physician‐diagnosed pneumonia events were identified using ICD‐10 codes. Propensity score matching was performed at index; annual rates of exacerbations and cases of pneumonia post‐index were compared using Poisson regression, and Cox regression was used for time to death. Results Triple therapy was initiated on average 2.8 years after a COPD diagnosis (n=1647 with F/S and n=4343 with B/F). Pair‐wise matched populations on each triple therapy (n=1646 patients/group) were similar and followed for 11,901 patient‐years post‐index. The mean age of the two cohorts was 67.0 and 67.1 years, annualized pre‐index COPD exacerbations were 2.1 and 2.3 (NS), and pneumonia rates were 0.120 and 0.098 (NS) per patient for the matched B/F+T and F/S+T groups, respectively. Compared with F/S+T, triple therapy with B/F+T was associated with 25% and 28% fewer COPD exacerbations and hospitalizations, respectively (Table 1a). Pneumonia diagnoses and cases of pneumonia resulting in hospitalization were 52% and 62% higher with F/S+T vs. B/F+T (Table 1b). Pneumonia frequently resulted in hospitalization and the numbers needed to treat for 1 year to avoid one exacerbation‐ or pneumonia‐related hospitalization with B/F+T vs. F/S+T were 22 and 28, respectively. No difference between the groups in the average length of hospital stay or in pneumonia‐related mortality was seen. Conclusions Triple therapy with B/F+T was associated with fewer COPD exacerbations and fewer pneumonia events than F/S+T in patients treated at hospital and/or in primary care. (Table Presented).
 Three Treatment of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease Patients;  This study will be prospective randomized double blind study. The forty five COPD patients will be divided into three groups: Group 1: 15 patients with COPD who will receive inhaled corticosteroid (ICS)plus long acting B2‐agonist (LABA) (Budesonide/Formoterol combination 160/4.5 mcg, 2 inhalations bid ). Group 2: 15 patients with COPD who will receive inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) plus long acting anticholinergic (LAAC) (Tiotropium 18 mcg capsule inhaled once daily + Budesonide ). Group 3: 15 patients with COPD who will receive long acting B2‐agonist (LABA) plus long acting anticholinergic (LAAC). If any worsening of dyspnea, increase of purulence, or increase of sputum production appear plus increase of peak variability more than 35% and FEV1 that necessitate a change of the regular drug medication of the patient will be recorded as exacerbation. All patients will be submitted to the following analysis at the baseline, during and 12 weeks after the assigned treatment: 1. Full medical history will be taken through clinical assessment of dyspnea, chronic cough and sputum production using mMRC or CAT test. 2. Forced expiratory volume in 1second (FEV1) value measurement using spirometry. 3. Measurement of the following inflammatory markers in serum and/ or plasma of patients under study . ‐ Tumer necrosis factor alpha ( TNF ) ‐ Fibrinogen ‐ Interlukin 6 ( IL6 ) Statistical analysis The results will be statistically calculated to evaluate its clinical significance if any before ,during and after drug therapy using (ANOVA) system SPSS version 20 (2012) to compare between the three groups of patients and paired t‐test will be used to compare between results before, during and after drug therapy .
 Stepwise withdrawal of inhaled corticosteroids in COPD patients receiving dual bronchodilation: WISDOM study design and rationale;  Long‐acting bronchodilators in combination with inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) are recommended to decrease the risk of recurrent exacerbations in patients with Global initiative for chronic Obstructive Lung Disease (GOLD) stage 3‐4 chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). There is increasing concern about the clinical benefit and long‐term safety of ICS use in COPD patients. The WISDOM (Withdrawal of Inhaled Steroids During Optimised bronchodilator Management) study (NCT00975195) aims to evaluate the need for ICS use via stepwise withdrawal of ICS in COPD patients (GOLD 3‐4 with a history of at least one exacerbation during the 12‐month period prior to screening) receiving dual bronchodilation. During the 6‐week run‐in period, 2456 patients receive tiotropium 18 μg once daily, salmeterol 50 μg twice daily and fluticasone 500 μg twice daily. In a randomized, double‐blind, parallel‐group, active‐controlled fashion, one group of patients continues to receive tiotropium, salmeterol and fluticasone, while the second group initiates stepwise withdrawal of fluticasone. The primary end point is time to first moderate or severe exacerbation following randomized treatment over 52 weeks. Lung function, symptoms and safety are also assessed. A sub‐study aims to identify sub‐populations and markers of steroid need. This study will determine the benefit of continued ICS therapy in combination with dual long‐acting bronchodilators in COPD.
 Screening eosinophil counts and risk of exacerbations after inhaled corticosteroid withdrawal in severe COPD;  Introduction: Blood eosinophil counts may predict response to inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) in patients with COPD with a history of exacerbations. Aim: To investigate if higher screening blood eosinophil counts were associated with more exacerbations after ICS withdrawal in the WISDOM study. Methods: In WISDOM (NCT00975195; 12‐month, randomised, parallel‐group study), patients with severe to very severe COPD and a history of exacerbations received 18 μg tiotropium, 100 μg salmeterol and 1000 μg fluticasone propionate daily for 6 weeks then continued or reduced ICS over the next 12 weeks. This post hoc analysis after complete ICS withdrawal compared exacerbation outcomes based on analysis of mutually exclusive blood eosinophil subgroups. Results: 2296 patients were followed post‐ICS withdrawal. Moderate or severe exacerbation rate ratios were similar in patients with eosinophil counts <2%, ≥2‐<3%, ≥3‐<4%, <150 cells/μL or 150‐<300 cells/μL (Figure). Exacerbation rate increased in the ICS‐withdrawal versus the ICS arm for blood eosinophil subgroups ≥4‐<5%, ≥5‐<6%, ≥6%, ≥300‐<400 cells/μL and ≥400 cells/μL, reaching statistical significance in the ≥5‐<6% and ≥400 cells/μL subgroups. Conclusions: In WISDOM, high screening blood eosinophil count (≥4% or ≥300 cells/μL) predicted an increased exacerbation risk in patients with severe to very severe COPD after ICS withdrawal. (Table Presented).
 Screennig eosinophil counts and risk of exacerbations after inhaled corticosteroid withdrawal in severe COPD;  Introduction: Blood eosinophil counts may predict response to inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) in patients with COPD with a history of exacerbations. Aim: To investigate if higher screening blood eosinophil counts were associated with more exacerbations after ICS withdrawal in the WISDOM study. Methods: In WISDOM (NCT00975195; 12‐month, randomised, parallel‐group study), patients with severe to very severe COPD and a history of exacerbations received 18 μg tiotropium, 100 μg salmeterol and 1000 μg fluticasone propionate daily for 6 weeks then continued or reduced ICS over the next 12 weeks. This post hoc analysis after complete ICS withdrawal compared exacerbation outcomes based on analysis of mutually exclusive blood eosinophil subgroups. Results: 2296 patients were followed post‐ICS withdrawal. Moderate or severe exacerbation rate ratios were similar in patients with eosinophil counts < 2%, =2‐< 3%, =3‐< 4%, < 150 cells/μL or 150‐< 300 cells/μL (Figure). Exacerbation rate increased in the ICS‐withdrawal versus the ICS arm for blood eosinophil subgroups =4‐< 5%, =5‐< 6%, =6%, =300‐< 400 cells/μL and =400 cells/μL, reaching statistical significance in the =5‐< 6% and =400 cells/μL subgroups. Conclusions: In WISDOM, high screening blood eosinophil count (=4% or =300 cells/μL) predicted an increased exacerbation risk in patients with severe to very severe COPD after ICS withdrawal.
 Screening eosinophil counts and risk of exacerbations after inhaled corticosteroid withdrawal in severe COPD;  Introduction: Blood eosinophil counts may predict response to inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) in patients with COPD with a history of exacerbations. Aim: To investigate if higher screening blood eosinophil counts were associated with more exacerbations after ICS withdrawal in the WISDOM study. Methods: In WISDOM (NCT00975195; 12‐month, randomised, parallel‐group study), patients with severe to very severe COPD and a history of exacerbations received 18 μg tiotropium, 100 μg salmeterol and 1000 μg fluticasone propionate daily for 6 weeks then continued or reduced ICS over the next 12 weeks. This post hoc analysis after complete ICS withdrawal compared exacerbation outcomes based on analysis of mutually exclusive blood eosinophil subgroups. Results: 2296 patients were followed post‐ICS withdrawal. Moderate or severe exacerbation rate ratios were similar in patients with eosinophil counts <2%, ≥2‐<3%, ≥3‐<4%, <150 cells/μL or 150‐<300 cells/μL (Figure). Exacerbation rate increased in the ICS‐withdrawal versus the ICS arm for blood eosinophil subgroups ≥4‐<5%, ≥5‐<6%, ≥6%, ≥300‐ <400 cells/μL and ≥400 cells/μL, reaching statistical significance in the ≥5‐<6% and ≥400 cells/μL subgroups. Conclusions: In WISDOM, high screening blood eosinophil count (≥4% or ≥300 cells/μL) predicted an increased exacerbation risk in patients with severe to very severe COPD after ICS withdrawal.
 INTREPID study: once-daily single-inhaler fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol vs multiple-inhaler triple therapy; sub-analysis by prior medication strata;  Background: The INTREPID study showed improved health status response and lung function in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) usual care with single‐inhaler fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) vs multiple‐inhaler triple therapy (MITT; inhaled corticosteroid+long‐acting muscarinic antagonist+long‐acting β2‐agonist [ICS+LAMA+LABA]). Aim: Evaluate INTREPID outcomes by prior medication strata. Methods: The open‐label, phase IV INTREPID study included 3092 intent‐to‐treat (ITT) COPD patients who received non‐ELLIPTA maintenance therapy for ≥16 weeks, had COPD Assessment Test (CAT) score ≥10 and ≥1 moderate/severe exacerbation in prior 3 years, randomised to FF/UMEC/VI 100/62.5/25μ g via ELLIPTA or clinician choice of ICS+LAMA+LABA MITT in non‐ELLIPTA devices for 24 weeks. Outcomes were analysed by prior medication strata (ICS+LAMA+LABA, ICS+LABA, LAMA+LABA). Results: Odds of CAT response and lung function improvement at Week 24 were statistically significantly greater for FF/UMEC/VI vs MITT in ICS+LAMA+LABA and ICS+LABA strata, and similar in LAMA+LABA stratum (Table). Adverse event incidence was broadly similar by prior medication strata. Conclusions: In usual care, FF/UMEC/VI significantly improved health status response and lung function vs MITT in patients on prior ICS‐containing therapy. Method: GSK (206854/NCT03467425).
 A phase III randomised controlled trial of single-dose triple therapy in COPD: the IMPACT protocol;  Patients with symptomatic advanced chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) who experience recurrent exacerbations are particularly at risk of poor outcomes and present a significant burden on healthcare systems. The relative merits of treating with different inhaled combination therapies e.g. inhaled corticosteroids (ICS)/long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA), LABA/long‐acting muscarinic antagonists (LAMA), ICS/LABA/LAMA, in this patient group are poorly understood, as is reflected in current guidelines. The InforMing the PAthway of COPD Treatment (IMPACT) study will evaluate the efficacy and safety of fluticasone furoate (FF)/umeclidinium (UMEC)/vilanterol (VI) versus FF/VI or UMEC/VI over a 52‐week treatment period. The study has been designed with a focus on understanding the comparative merits of each treatment modality in different phenotypes/endotypes.This is a phase III, randomised, double‐blind, three‐arm, parallel‐group, global multicentre study comparing the rate of moderate and severe exacerbations between FF/UMEC/VI and FF/VI or UMEC/VI over a 52‐week treatment period. The study aims to recruit 10 000 patients from approximately 1070 centres. Eligible patients are aged ≥40 years, with symptomatic advanced COPD (Global initiative for chronic Obstructive Lung Disease (GOLD) group D) and an exacerbation in the previous 12 months.The first patients were recruited to the IMPACT study (ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT02164513) in June 2014 and the anticipated completion date is July 2017.
 Blood eosinophils and inhaled corticosteroid/long-acting β-2 agonist efficacy in COPD;  OBJECTIVE: We performed a review of studies of fluticasone propionate (FP)/salmeterol (SAL) (combination inhaled corticosteroid (ICS)/long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA)) in patients with COPD, which measured baseline (pretreatment) blood eosinophil levels, to test whether blood eosinophil levels ≥2% were associated with a greater reduction in exacerbation rates with ICS therapy. METHODS: Three studies of ≥1‐year duration met the inclusion criteria. Moderate and severe exacerbation rates were analysed according to baseline blood eosinophil levels (<2% vs ≥2%). At baseline, 57‐75% of patients had ≥2% blood eosinophils. Changes in FEV1 and St George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) scores were compared by eosinophil level. RESULTS: For patients with ≥2% eosinophils, FP/SAL was associated with significant reductions in exacerbation rates versus tiotropium (INSPIRE: n=719, rate ratio (RR)=0.75, 95% CI 0.60 to 0.92, p=0.006) and versus placebo (TRISTAN: n=1049, RR=0.63, 95% CI 0.50 to 0.79, p<0.001). No significant difference was seen in the <2% eosinophil subgroup in either study (INSPIRE: n=550, RR=1.18, 95% CI 0.92 to 1.51, p=0.186; TRISTAN: n=354, RR=0.99, 95% CI 0.67 to 1.47, p=0.957, respectively). In SCO30002 (n=373), no significant effects were observed (FP or FP/SAL vs placebo). No relationship was observed in any study between eosinophil subgroup and treatment effect on FEV1 and SGRQ. DISCUSSION: Baseline blood eosinophil levels may represent an informative marker for exacerbation reduction with ICS/LABA in patients with COPD and a history of moderate/severe exacerbations.
 Effect of withdrawal and/or replacement of inhaled corticosteroids in favor of double bronchodilation in symptomatic COPD patients. RETICORTEPOC study;  Objective. To evaluate if the risk of exacerbation is similar and if there is a symptomatic improvement when IC withdrawal or substitution is performed in patients with COPD with symptomatology (GOLD B and D). Material and methods. Design: Experimental, longitudinal and prospective study of 12 months duration. Location: Urban Health Center for Primary Care. Participants: 81 patients COPD group GOLD B and D in treatment with inhaled corticosteroids. Intervention: Half of the patients are randomized in a control group where treatment with inhaled corticosteroids is maintained and the other half in an intervention group where the inhaled corticosteroid is withdrawn or replaced by a double bronchodilation. Main measures: Demographic variables, number of patients with exacerbations and CAT questionnaire score at the beginning and end of the study. Results. In GOLD B patients the withdrawal or replacement of the inhaled corticosteroid by the LABA + LAMA combination produces a lower number of exacerbations and a lower CAT score. In GOLD D patients, there were no differences between groups. Conclusions. It seems acceptable to replace ICs in both dual therapy (LABA + CI) and their withdrawal in tritherapy (LABA + LAMA + CI) in COPD GOLD B patients provided that a double bronchodilator treatment is maintained instead. In patients with COPD GOLD D, we can conclude that there is no increased risk of exacerbations or symptomatic worsening when IC withdrawal occurs.
 The Effect of Inhaled Corticosteroid Withdrawal and Baseline Inhaled Treatment on Exacerbations in the IMPACT Study. A Randomized, Double-Blind, Multicenter Clinical Trial;  Rationale: In the IMPACT (Informing the Pathway of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease Treatment) trial, fluticasone furoate (FF)/umeclidinium (UMEC)/vilanterol (VI) significantly reduced exacerbations compared with FF/VI or UMEC/VI in patients with symptomatic chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and a history of exacerbations.Objectives: To understand whether inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) withdrawal affected IMPACT results, given direct transition from prior maintenance medication to study medication at randomization.Methods: Exacerbations and change from baseline in trough FEV1 and St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire results were analyzed by prior ICS use. Exacerbations were also analyzed while excluding data from the first 30 days.Measurements and Main Results: FF/UMEC/VI significantly reduced the annual moderate/severe exacerbation rate compared with UMEC/VI in prior ICS users (29% reduction; P < 0.001), but only a numerical reduction was seen among prior ICS nonusers (12% reduction; P = 0.115). To minimize impact from ICS withdrawal, in an analysis excluding the first 30 days, FF/UMEC/VI continued to significantly reduce the annual on‐treatment moderate/severe exacerbation rate (19%; P < 0.001) compared with UMEC/VI. The benefit of FF/UMEC/VI compared with UMEC/VI was seen for severe exacerbation rates, regardless of prior ICS use (prior ICS users, 35% reduction; P < 0.001; non‐ICS users, 35% reduction; P = 0.018), and overall when excluding the first 30 days (29%; P < 0.001). Improvements from baseline with FF/UMEC/VI compared with UMEC/VI were also maintained throughout the study for both trough FEV1 and St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire, regardless of prior ICS use.Conclusions: These data support the important treatment effects of FF/UMEC/VI combination therapy on exacerbation reduction, lung function, and quality of life that do not appear to be related to abrupt ICS withdrawal.Clinical trial registered with www.clinicaltrials.gov (NCT02164513).
 The effect of inhaled corticosteroid withdrawal and baseline inhaled treatment on exacerbations in the IMPACT study. A randomized, double-blind, multicenter clinical trial;  Rationale: In the IMPACT (Informing the Pathway of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease Treatment) trial, fluticasone furoate (FF)/umeclidinium (UMEC)/vilanterol (VI) significantly reduced exacerbations compared with FF/VI or UMEC/VI in patients with symptomatic chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and a history of exacerbations.Objectives: To understand whether inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) withdrawal affected IMPACT results, given direct transition from prior maintenance medication to study medication at randomization.Methods: Exacerbations and change from baseline in trough FEV1 and St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire results were analyzed by prior ICS use. Exacerbations were also analyzed while excluding data from the first 30 days.Measurements and Main Results: FF/UMEC/VI significantly reduced the annual moderate/severe exacerbation rate compared with UMEC/VI in prior ICS users (29% reduction; P < 0.001), but only a numerical reduction was seen among prior ICS nonusers (12% reduction; P = 0.115). To minimize impact from ICS withdrawal, in an analysis excluding the first 30 days, FF/UMEC/VI continued to significantly reduce the annual on‐treatment moderate/severe exacerbation rate (19%; P < 0.001) compared with UMEC/VI. The benefit of FF/UMEC/VI compared with UMEC/VI was seen for severe exacerbation rates, regardless of prior ICS use (prior ICS users, 35% reduction; P < 0.001; non‐ICS users, 35% reduction; P = 0.018), and overall when excluding the first 30 days (29%; P < 0.001). Improvements from baseline with FF/UMEC/VI compared with UMEC/VI were also maintained throughout the study for both trough FEV1 and St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire, regardless of prior ICS use.Conclusions: These data support the important treatment effects of FF/UMEC/VI combination therapy on exacerbation reduction, lung function, and quality of life that do not appear to be related to abrupt ICS withdrawal.Clinical trial registered with www.clinicaltrials.gov (NCT02164513).
 Can Advair and Flovent Reduce Systemic Inflammation Related to Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD)? A Multi-Center Randomized Controlled Trial;  What is the problem to be addressed? Patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) are at increased risk of cardiovascular events. Indeed, ischemic heart disease is one of the leading causes of mortality and hospitalization among patients with mild to moderate COPD. For every 10% decrease in forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1), cardiovascular mortality increases by 28%, and nonfatal coronary event increases by What is the proposed trial design: This trial will be a double blind, placebo‐controlled multi‐center study comparing the effects of Advair, Flovent and placebo on serum CRP in COPD. All study participants will first undergo a run‐in phase during which all will be treated with Flovent 500 mcg bid. This will be followed by a withdrawal phase wherein all participants will be FREE of any ICS or LABAs for 4 weeks. After the withdrawal phase, the participants will be randomly assigned (using a computer generated algorithm) to one of three arms: placebo; Flovent; or Advair Run‐In Phase (4 weeks): The use of ICS, theophyllines, and leukotriene modifiers, LABA will be prohibited and subjects will be maintained on Flovent 500 mcg bid. Regular use of tiotropium and as needed use of short‐acting β2 (salbutamol) and/or anti‐cholinergic (Atrovent) will be allowed. Why is this phase needed? Management of COPD is variable. Because of the controversy surrounding the use of ICS and LABAs, some patients at enrollment will be taking these medications, while others will not. This phase is to ensure uniformity of therapy (and in particular to the use of ICS in the same dose) for all study participants. Withdrawal Phase (4 weeks): Flovent will be discontinued and participants will also not be taking any other ICS, theophyllines, LABAs or leukotriene modifiers during this period. Regular use of tiotropium and as needed use of short‐acting β2 (salbutamol) and/or anti‐cholinergic (Atrovent) will be allowed. Why is this phase needed? There are two principal reasons why this phase is needed. One way of “proving” that ICS modifies serum CRP levels is to demonstrate that withdrawal of ICS increases CRP levels and their re‐introduction of ICS suppresses CRP levels. The Second reason is that in the researchers' pilot study it was found that serum CRP levels were highest when patients were off ICS for 4 weeks. To achieve the necessary statistical power for this study, a reasonably high serum CRP signal is desirable at the beginning of the randomization period. Active Treatment Phase (4 weeks): Subjects will be randomized to one of 3 arms, placebo, Advair, or Flovent. Rescue medications (anti‐cholinergics and short‐acting β2) will be allowed. Participants will not be taking any other inhaled corticosteroids, theophyllines, leukotriene modifiers or LABAs during this period. What are the proposed methods for protecting against other sources of bias ? All research personnel will all be blinded to the treatment group except for the study biostatistician, who will be responsible for the randomization computer. Only he will have access to the master file, which can link patient identifiers to the randomization number. This computer will be locked away in a secure space at the James Hogg iCAPTURE Centre in SPH and will have a password protection that only he (or his designate) can access. The study medications and placebo will be packaged and delivered identically as a diskus. What is the proposed duration of treatment period? 4 weeks of run‐in; 4 weeks of withdrawal phase and 4 weeks of active treatment phase (i.e RCT). What is the frequency and duration of followup? Participants will be seen at enrollment, after the completion of each phase of the study and with exacerbations or infections (as defined above). What are the proposed primary and secondary outcome measures? 20% in mild to moderate COPD. How COPD increases the risk of poor cardiovascular outcomes is largely unknown. However, there is growing evidence that persistent low‐grade systemic inflammation is present in COPD and that this may contribute to the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis and cardiovascular disease among COPD patients. Circulating levels of C‐reactive protein (CRP), which has been strongly linked with poor cardiovascular outcomes in the general population, has been demonstrated to be elevated in COPD. Moreover, an elevated level of CRP has been associated with myocardial injury in COPD. Reduction in the level of CRP, on the other hand, has been shown to be associated with improved outcomes in various populations. Other cytokines such as interleukin‐6 (IL‐6) and monocyte chemoattractant protein‐1 (MCP‐1), which are potent regulators of CRP, have also been associated with cardiovascular events. If this linkage between systemic inflammation and atherosclerosis holds true for COPD, then systemic inflammation and/or its markers may provide a new and very important therapeutic target for COPD management. Corticosteroids (CS) can reduce CRP and other circulating inflammatory cytokine levels in acute pro‐inflammatory states. They can also down‐regulate certain inflammatory cells and cytokine expression in the airways of COPD patients and attenuate airway hyperresponsiveness related to COPD. More importantly, in large clinical studies, they have been shown to reduce clinical exacerbations, improve health status and may even reduce mortality in COPD. The mechanism by which such improvement occurs is not known. Recently, our group has demonstrated in a relatively small study that short‐term inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) therapy can repress serum CRP levels in stable COPD patients. Conversely, withdrawal of ICS leads to a marked increase in serum CRP levels. Although very promising, these data cannot be considered definitive because the study was small in size and scope (N=41 patients). Additionally, this study did not address the potential effects of combination therapy with ICS and long‐acting β2 agonists (LABA).This is an important short‐coming because combination therapy has been shown to produce improved clinical outcomes over ICS monotherapy and is commonly used by clinicians in the treatment of moderate to severe COPD. In‐vitro studies suggest that steroids and LABAs may “synergistically” down‐regulate inflammation in COPD. Whether this occurs in‐vivo remains largely unknown and untested. Primary: The difference in CRP from start of the active treatment phase to the end of the trial between the 3 groups Secondary: measurements of MCP‐1 and IL‐6; St. George’s Respiratory Questionnaire, SGRQ,76 scores; FEV1 How will the outcome measures be measured at follow‐up? Why is this phase only 4 weeks? Exacerbations and infections can elevate CRP levels by 2 to 10 fold. The rate of normalization of CRP levels after these episodes is variable; complete normalization may not take place for several weeks after the resolution of the infective or exacerbation episode. To reduce the risk that the study participants will experience clinically apparent infections or exacerbations, we have made this phase of the study relatively short (4 weeks). The short treatment period will also reduce the effects of non or suboptimal compliance of treatment medications on CRP levels. We believe that 4 weeks of therapy will be sufficient to demonstrate the suppressive effects of Flovent and Advair, given the fact that in the pilot study, an effect of Flovent on CRP after only 2 weeks of therapy was observed. What are the proposed practical arrangements for allocating participants to trial groups? Patients will be randomized (1:2:2) to placebo, Advair, or Flovent. Patients will first be stratified based on study site to minimize the potential impact of variation in patient care across the study sites on the endpoint of interest. We have hired an external statistician (Ms. Lieling Wu) who will prepare computer‐generated randomization lists blocked by study site using permuted blocks of six. The lists will be inputted into a randomization computer. When a site coordinator has identified an eligible, consented patient, he/she will contact the central co‐ordinating site at St. Paul’s Hospital (SPH) for a randomization number. The randomization computer will then issue a study identification number to the study coordinator and to GlaxoSmithKline (Mississauga) for delivery of the appropriate treatment package (that contains one Flovent canister and one “unknown” puffer) to the appropriate study site within two business days. The open‐labeled Flovent will be used for the “run‐in” phase, while the “unknown” puffer (either placebo, Flovent or Advair) will be dispensed at the start of the “active treatment phase.” Blood Collection: During every visit, study personnel will take two 10 ml collection of blood from participants through venipuncture (using standard techniques). Samples will be centrifuged and the serum component will be aliquoted into special tubes (provided by the coordinating site) that contain anti‐proteases. They will then be shipped (Fedexed) in regular ice immediately to the Study Coordinating Center (to arrive within 24 hours of blood collection) where they will be frozen in liquid nitrogen and stored in ‐70ºC freezers until analysis. To avoid delays, no samples will be taken on a Friday or a day preceding holidays. A high‐sensitive solid phase enzyme‐linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) to measure serum CRP will be used. The investigators have measured over 4,000 serum samples from the Lung Health Study with this technique. In comparison with nephelometry, another commonly used technique, CRP levels with high‐sensitivity ELISA is excellent. The coefficient of variation for CRP in the researchers' laboratory is 5%. IL‐6 and MCP‐1 will also be measured using high‐sensitivity ELISA assays. The researchers' laboratory has also experience performing these assays using serums collected from COPD patients. The investigators have previously shown that the coefficient of variation for the IL‐6 assay to be 4.7% (median; interquartile range, 1.8% to 11.2%) and the MCP‐1 assay to be 3.2% (median; interquartile range, 1.5% to 5.9%). Spirometry: Spirometry will be performed in accordance with guidelines from the American Thoracic Society during each visit. At the first visit, pre and post‐bronchodilator measurements will be done. For follow‐up visits, only pre‐bronchodilator values will be measured. Health Status Measurements: During each visit, study participants will complete the SGRQ in person. The SGRQ was chosen because it has excellent internal consistency (Cronbach’s alpha coefficient ≥ 0.76), reliability (intraclass correlation coefficient of 85% of responses measured 6 months apart), and is an independent predictor of future risk of exacerbations and mortality in COPD. Clinically relevant thresholds for SGRQ are considered to be score changes of ≥ 4.0 units. What is the proposed sample size? In the pilot study (described above), it was found that after 2 weeks, compared with the placebo group, those assigned to fluticasone experienced a significant decrease in CRP levels from baseline, after adjustments for baseline FEV1, age, and sex of participating patients (57.1% decrease relative to placebo; p=0.042). The (geometric) mean of CRP for this cohort was 4.9 mg/L (95% CI, 3.3 to 7.1). Sample sizes of 200 participants combined in Flovent and Advair group (100 in each) and 50 in the placebo group will be needed.
 A phase III study of triple therapy with budesonide/glycopyrrolate/formoterol fumarate metered dose inhaler 320/18/9.6 μg and 160/18/9.6 μg using co-suspension delivery technology in moderate-to-very severe COPD: the ETHOS study protocol;  BACKGROUND: Single inhaler triple therapies providing an inhaled corticosteroid, a long‐acting muscarinic antagonist, and a long‐acting β2‐agonist (ICS/LAMA/LABAs) are an emerging treatment option for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Nevertheless, questions remain regarding the optimal patient population for triple therapy as well as the benefit:risk ratio of ICS treatment. METHODS: ETHOS is an ongoing, randomized, double‐blind, multicenter, parallel‐group, 52‐week study in symptomatic patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD and a history of exacerbation(s) in the previous year. Two doses of single inhaler triple therapy with budesonide/glycopyrrolate/formoterol fumarate metered dose inhaler (BGF MDI 320/18/9.6 μg and 160/18/9.6 μg) will be compared to glycopyrrolate/formoterol fumarate (GFF) MDI 18/9.6 μg and budesonide/formoterol fumarate (BFF) MDI 320/9.6 μg, all formulated using co‐suspension delivery technology. Outcomes include the rate of moderate/severe (primary endpoint) and severe COPD exacerbations, symptoms, quality of life, and all‐cause mortality. Sub‐studies will assess lung function and cardiovascular safety. STUDY POPULATION: From June 2015‐July 2018, 16,044 patients were screened and 8572 were randomized. Preliminary baseline demographics show that 55.9% of patients had experienced ≥2 moderate/severe exacerbations in the previous year, 79.1% were receiving an ICS‐containing treatment at study entry, and 59.9% had blood eosinophil counts ≥150 cells/mm3. CONCLUSIONS: ETHOS will provide data on exacerbations, patient‐reported outcomes, mortality, and safety in 8572 patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD receiving triple and dual fixed‐dose combinations. For the first time, ICS/LAMA/LABA triple therapy with two different doses of ICS will be compared to dual ICS/LABA and LAMA/LABA therapies. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: NCT02465567.
 Cost-effectiveness of umeclidinium as add-on to ICS/LABA therapy in COPD: a UK perspective;  Introduction: The cost‐effectiveness of long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) umeclidinium bromide (UMEC) 62.5 μg as add‐on therapy to other maintenance COPD treatments is unknown. Methods: This analysis assessed the cost‐effectiveness of the following in COPD: UMEC + fluticasone furoate/vilanterol 100/25 μg (FF/VI); UMEC + fluticasone propionate/salmeterol 250/50 μg (FP/SAL); and UMEC + several alternative choices of inhaled corticosteroid/long‐acting β2‐agonist (ICS/LABA). The model was informed with direct and indirect data from previously published studies, with a UK perspective and a lifetime horizon. Sensitivity analyses were also performed. Results: For the lifetime horizon, compared with FF/VI, FP/SAL and ICS/LABAs, addition of UMEC was associated with incremental costs per quality‐adjusted life‐years (QALY) of £4050, £7210 and £5780, respectively, and incremental costs per life year gain of £3380, £6020 and £4940. All UMEC‐containing regimens resulted in numerically lower exacerbation rates versus comparator regimens over a lifetime horizon. Conclusions: Addition of UMEC to various ICS/LABA treatments was associated with higher cost than ICS/LABA alone, but was cost‐effective in most scenarios.
 Relationship between prior inhaled corticosteroid use and benefits ofbudesonide/glycopyrronium/formoterol fumarate dihydrate on exacerbations, symptoms, health-related quality of life, and lung function in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: analyses from the ETHOS study;  Background: In the Phase III ETHOS study (NCT02465567), budesonide/glycopyrronium/formoterol fumarate dihydrate (BGF) triple therapy at two inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) doses reduced moderate/severe exacerbation rates and improved symptoms, health‐related quality of life (HRQoL), and lung function versus glycopyrronium/formoterol fumarate dihydrate (GFF) or budesonide/formoterol fumarate dihydrate (BFF) dual therapy in patients with moderate‐to‐very‐severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Here, we assessed whether the benefit for BGF versus GFF was driven by patients who received ICS before randomization to GFF. Methods: ETHOS was a 52‐week, randomized, double‐blind, multicenter, parallel‐group study in symptomatic patients with COPD and ≥1 moderate/severe exacerbation in the previous year. Patients received BGF 320/14.4/10 μg, BGF 160/14.4/10 μg, GFF 14.4/10 μg, or BFF 320/10 μg twice daily via a single metered dose Aerosphere™ inhaler. In these subgroup analyses, efficacy and safety were assessed in patients with or without prior ICS use in the 30 days before screening. Results: The modified intent‐to‐treat population comprised 8509 patients (prior ICS use, n = 6810 [80%]; no prior ICS use, n = 1699 [20%]). Moderate/severe exacerbation rates were reduced by 24% and 23% in patients with and without prior ICS use, respectively, with BGF 320 versus GFF. Benefits of BGF 320 versus GFF were also similar in patients with and without prior ICS use across other endpoints relating to exacerbations, symptoms, HRQoL, lung function, and safety. Trends were similar for BGF 160 versus GFF. Conclusion: Benefits on exacerbations, symptoms, HRQoL, and lung function with BGF versus GFF were observed, irrespective of prior ICS use in the 30 days before screening.
 IMPACT study in COPD;  The role of the anti‐inflammatory and bronchodilator triple therapy, including a long acting ß2‐agonist (LABA), a long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) and an inhaled corticosteroid (ICS), in the prevention of the exacerbations of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is still not clearly established, and requires comparison with dual therapy (LABA‐CSI or LABA‐LAMA). IMPACT is a phase 3, double‐blind randomized study comparing the tritherapy (LABA‐LAMA‐ICS) in a single inhaler (vilanterol 25 µg/umeclidinium 62.5 µg/fluticasone furoate 100 µg) with the LABA‐ICS association (vilanterol 25 µg‐fluticasone furoate 100 µg) and the combination LABA‐LAMA (vilanterol 25 µg/umeclidinium 62.5 µg) on the reduction of the rate of exacerbation as the primary outcome, but also on the pulmonary function, the quality of life, the dyspnea and the mortality.Triple therapy by comparison with dual therapy (LABA‐ICS or LABA‐LAMA) improves numerous parameters such as the rate of moderate to severe exacerbations, the symptoms, the respiratory function, the quality of life, while being well tolerated. Finally, the IMPACT study gives an “evidence base” for the GOLD guidelines proposing triple therapy in symptomatic COPD patients presenting exacerbations despite dual therapy.
 IMPACT study in COPD;  The role of the anti‐inflammatory and bronchodilator triple therapy, including a long acting ß2‐agonist (LABA), a long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) and an inhaled corticosteroid (ICS), in the prevention of the exacerbations of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is still not clearly established, and requires comparison with dual therapy (LABA‐CSI or LABA‐LAMA). IMPACT is a phase 3, double‐blind randomized study comparing the tritherapy (LABA‐LAMA‐ICS) in a single inhaler (vilanterol 25 µg/umeclidinium 62.5 µg/fluticasone furoate 100 µg) with the LABA‐ICS association (vilanterol 25 µg‐fluticasone furoate 100 µg) and the combination LABA‐LAMA (vilanterol 25 µg/umeclidinium 62.5 µg) on the reduction of the rate of exacerbation as the primary outcome, but also on the pulmonary function, the quality of life, the dyspnea and the mortality.Triple therapy by comparison with dual therapy (LABA‐ICS or LABA‐LAMA) improves numerous parameters such as the rate of moderate to severe exacerbations, the symptoms, the respiratory function, the quality of life, while being well tolerated. Finally, the IMPACT study gives an “evidence base” for the GOLD guidelines proposing triple therapy in symptomatic COPD patients presenting exacerbations despite dual therapy.
 Applying key learnings from the EMAX trial to clinical practice and future trial design in COPD;  Early MAXimisation of bronchodilation for improving COPD stability (EMAX) was a large, multicentre, multi‐national, randomised, double‐blind, 24‐week trial. EMAX evaluated the efficacy and safety of dual bronchodilator therapy with umeclidinium bromide (UMEC)/vilanterol (VI) versus monotherapy with either UMEC or salmeterol (SAL) in symptomatic patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) at low exacerbation risk who were not taking concomitant inhaled corticosteroid (ICS). EMAX generated evidence covering a wide range of patient‐centred endpoints in COPD in addition to measures of lung function, clinical deterioration and safety. In addition, prospective and post hoc secondary analyses have generated clinically valuable information regarding the effects of baseline patient characteristics on treatment outcomes. Importantly, as concomitant ICS use was not permitted in this study, EMAX compared dual long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA)/long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA) therapy with LAMA or LABA monotherapy without potential confounding due to concurrent ICS use or withdrawal. EMAX demonstrated beneficial treatment effects of UMEC/VI over UMEC or SAL monotherapy as maintenance treatment across a range of different patient characteristics, with no forfeit in safety. Thus, the trial provided novel insights into the role of LAMA/LABA versus LABA and LAMA monotherapies as maintenance therapy for patients with symptomatic COPD at low risk of exacerbations. This article will explore the clinical implications of the main findings to date of the EMAX trial and consider the key learnings this trial offers for future trial design in COPD.
 Tiotropium + olodaterol provides significant lung-function benefits compared to fluticasone + salmeterol regardless of prior bronchodilator use;  Introduction: The ENERGITO® study demonstrated superior lung function with long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) tiotropium + long‐acting β ‐agonist (LABA) olodaterol (T+O) compared to inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) fluticasone + LABA salmeterol (F+S) in patients with COPD. Aim: To investigate if lung‐function benefits of T+O compared to F+S were affected by prior ICS, LAMA or LABA treatment in ENERGITO®. Methods: In ENERGITO® (1237.11, NCT01969721; Phase IIIb, randomised, double‐blind, double‐dummy, four‐period crossover), patients with moderate to severe COPD received once‐daily T+O 2.5/5 or 5/5 μg and twice‐daily F+S 250/50 or 500/50 μg for 6 weeks. A post hoc analysis evaluated FEV1 AUC0‐12 and AUC0‐24 responses in patients with or without LAMA, LABA or ICS therapy at screening. We describe results comparing T+O 5/5 μg to both doses of F+S. Results: 229 patients were enrolled and treated: 123 received prior LAMA, 141 LABA, 109 ICS. T+O significantly improved FEV1 AUC0‐12 and AUC0‐24 responses in patients with or without prior LAMA, LABA Conclusions: In ENERGITO®, patients with moderate or severe COPD showed improved lung function with T+O compared to F+S regardless of prior treatment. T+O is a better choice than LABA/ICS to optimise lung function when initiating maintenance treatment. (Table Presented).
 Tiotropium + olodaterol provides significant lung-function benefits compared to flucticasone + salmeterol regardless of prior bronchodilator use;  Introduction: The ENERGITO® study demonstrated superior lung function with long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) tiotropium + long‐acting ß2‐agonist (LABA) olodaterol (T+O) compared to inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) fluticasone + LABA salmeterol (F+S) in patients with COPD. Aim: To investigate if lung‐function benefits of T+O compared to F+S were affected by prior ICS, LAMA or LABA treatment in ENERGITO®. Methods: In ENERGITO® (1237.11, NCT01969721; Phase IIIb, randomised, double‐blind), patients with moderate to severe COPD received once‐daily T+O 2.5/5 or 5/5 μg and twice‐daily F+S 250/50 or 500/50 μg for 6 weeks. A post hoc analysis evaluated FEV1 AUC0‐12 and AUC0‐24 responses in patients with or without LAMA, LABA or ICS therapy at screening. Results: 229 patients were enrolled and treated: 123 received prior LAMA, 141 LABA, 109 ICS. T+O significantly improved FEV1 AUC0‐12 and AUC0‐24 responses in patients with or without prior LAMA, LABA or ICS therapy compared to F+S (Table). Conclusions: In ENERGITO®, patients with moderate or severe COPD showed improved lung function with T+O compared to F+S regardless of prior treatment. T+O is a better choice than LABA/ICS to optimise lung function when initiating maintenance treatment.
 Effect of combination treatment on lung volumes and exercise endurance time in COPD;  BACKGROUND: Data comparing two bronchodilators vs. one bronchodilator plus inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) on hyperinflation and exercise endurance in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) are scarce, though these therapeutic strategies are widely used in clinical practice. METHODS: We performed a randomized, crossover clinical trial of two × 8 weeks comparing tiotropium (18 μg once daily) + salmeterol (50 μg twice daily) (T + S) to salmeterol + fluticasone (50/500 μg twice daily) (S + F) in COPD (forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV(1)) ≤65% predicted, and thoracic gas volume (TGV) ≥120% predicted). Coprimary endpoints were postbronchodilator TGV and exercise endurance time (EET). RESULTS: In 309 patients, at baseline, prebronchodilator FEV(1) was 1.36 L (46% predicted), TGV was 5.42 L (165% predicted), and EET = 458 s. Relative to S + F, T + S lowered postdose TGV by 182 ± 44 ml after 4 weeks (p < 0.0001) and 87 ± 44 ml after 8 weeks (p < 0.05). EET was nonsignificantly increased following T + S treatment (20 ± 15 s at 4 weeks, 15 ± 13 s at 8 weeks) vs. S + F. BORG dyspnea score at exercise isotime was reduced in favor of T + S. CONCLUSION: The two bronchodilators decreased hyperinflation significantly more than one bronchodilator and ICS. This difference was not reflected in EET. (ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT00530842).
 ENERGITO: efficacy and safety of once-daily combined tiotropium + olodaterol versus twice-daily combined fluticasone propionate + salmeterol;  Introduction: Combination of the well established muscarinic antagonist tiotropium (T) + olodaterol (O), a long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA), has shown consistent improvements in lung function over T or O in Phase III studies in COPD. Addition of inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) to a LABA has also shown lung function improvements over LABA alone in some studies. The ENERGITO study (1237.11; NCT01969721) evaluated bronchodilator efficacy and safety of once‐daily (QD) T+O compared to twice‐daily (BID) fluticasone propionate (F) + salmeterol (S). Methods: A Phase IIIb, randomised, double‐blind, double‐dummy, 4‐period crossover trial evaluated lung function after 6 weeks treatment with T+O 2.5/5 or 5/5 μg QD versus F+S 250/50 or 500/50 μg BID. End points were FEV1 AUC0‐12 response (primary end point), FEV1 AUC0‐24, FEV1 AUC12‐24and trough FEV1 responses. Key inclusion criteria were age ≥40 years, smoking history >10 packyears, postbronchodilator 30%≤FEV1 <80% predicted (GOLD 2‐3). Results: 229 patients were enrolled and treated: 64.6% male and 72.1% GOLD 2. T+O significantly improved FEV1 AUC0‐12 response and all other FEV1 end points compared to F+S (Table). No safety signals were identified. Conclusions: This study suggests that using LABA/ICS, F+S in this study, in moderate/severe COPD may provide suboptimal lungfunction improvements compared to T+O. (Table Presented).
 Overall and cardiovascular safety of aclidinium/formoterol fixed-dose combination versus salmeterol/fluticasone in patients with COPD;  Background: Aclidinium bromide/formoterol fumarate fixed‐dose combination (FDC) twice daily (BID) is approved in Europe for the treatment of COPD. Aim: To evaluate overall and cardiovascular (CV) safety of aclidinium/formoterol FDC vs salmeterol/fluticasone propionate FDC in patients with COPD. Methods: Safety data were analysed from a 24‐week, randomised, double‐blind, Phase IIIb study of aclidinium/formoterol 400/12 μg BID or salmeterol/fluticasone 50/500 μg BID in patients with COPD (NCT01908140). Adverse events (AEs) were monitored, including cardiac, cerebrovascular and serious AEs (SAEs). Laboratory tests and electrocardiograms (ECG) were recorded. Results: The safety population included 933 patients: mean age 63.4 years; 65.1% male. At baseline 52.8% had hypertensive disorders, 11.8% had diabetes and 21.8% had cardiac disorders. Incidence of AEs and SAEs was similar across groups (Table). Incidence of cardiac and cerebrovascular AEs was low in both groups (Table). AEs related to inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) were more common in patients receiving salmeterol/fluticasone than in the aclidinium/formoterol group (Table). Laboratory and ECG results were similar across groups. Conclusions: Aclidinium/formoterol and salmeterol/fluticasone FDCs were well tolerated in patients with COPD. Incidence of CV AEs was low. (Figure Presented).
 Identification of factors associated with exacerbation risk in severe COPD: multivariate analysis of the WISDOM study;  Introduction: Treatment management and patient outcomes could be improved by identifying patients with severe COPD who are at increased risk of exacerbations. Aim: To identify factors associated with exacerbation risk using a multivariate analysis of data from the WISDOM study. Methods: In WISDOM (NCT00975195; 12‐month, randomised, parallel‐group study), patients with severe to very severe COPD and a history of exacerbations received 18 μg tiotropium, 100 μg salmeterol and 1000 μg fluticasone propionate daily for 6 weeks, then continued or reduced inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) for 12 weeks. This post hoc multivariate analysis of time to first moderate or severe exacerbation used a stepwise selection process for candidate variables. Results: For the overall study period, the analysis was based on 2291 patients. Factors associated with a significantly increased risk of exacerbation were taking ICS at screening and =2 previous courses of antibiotics or steroids (Figure). Higher baseline FEV1, GOLD C vs. GOLD D and taking xanthines at screening were associated with a significantly decreased risk of exacerbation. A backwards elimination variable selection process confirmed these results. Conclusions: Several factors were significantly associated with exacerbation risk in WISDOM. An increased risk was found in patients with prior ICS treatment and an exacerbation history.
 Identification of factors associated with exacerbation risk in severe COPD: multivariate analysis of the WISDOM study;  Introduction: Treatment management and patient outcomes could be improved by identifying patients with severe COPD who are at increased risk of exacerbations. Aim: To identify factors associated with exacerbation risk using a multivariate analysis of data from the WISDOM study. Methods: In WISDOM (NCT00975195; 12‐month, randomised, parallel‐group study), patients with severe to very severe COPD and a history of exacerbations received 18 μg tiotropium, 100 μg salmeterol and 1000 μg fluticasone propionate daily for 6 weeks, then continued or reduced inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) for 12 weeks. This post hoc multivariate analysis of time to first moderate or severe exacerbation used a stepwise selection process for candidate variables. Results: For the overall study period, the analysis was based on 2291 patients. Factors associated with a significantly increased risk of exacerbation were taking ICS at screening and ≥2 previous courses of antibiotics or steroids (Figure). Higher baseline FEV1, GOLD C vs GOLD D and taking xanthines at 1 screening were associated with a significantly decreased risk of exacerbation. A backwards elimination variable selection process confirmed these results. Conclusions: Several factors were significantly associated with exacerbation risk in WISDOM. An increased risk was found in patients with prior ICS treatment and an exacerbation history.
 Identification of responders to inhaled corticosteroids in a chronic obstructive pulmonary disease population using cluster analysis;  OBJECTIVES: To identify clusters of patients who may benefit from treatment with an inhaled corticosteroid (ICS)/long‐acting β2 agonist (LABA) versus LABA alone, in terms of exacerbation reduction, and to validate previously identified clusters of patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) (based on diuretic use and reversibility). DESIGN: Post hoc supervised cluster analysis using a modified recursive partitioning algorithm of two 1‐year randomised, controlled trials of fluticasone furoate (FF)/vilanterol (VI) versus VI alone, with the primary end points of the annual rate of moderate‐to‐severe exacerbations. SETTING: Global. PARTICIPANTS: 3255 patients with COPD (intent‐to‐treat populations) with a history of exacerbations in the past year. INTERVENTIONS: FF/VI 50/25 µg, 100/25 µg or 200/25 µg, or VI 25 µg; all one time per day. OUTCOME MEASURES: Mean annual COPD exacerbation rate to identify clusters of patients who benefit from adding an ICS (FF) to VI bronchodilator therapy. RESULTS: Three clusters were identified, including two groups that benefit from FF/VI versus VI: patients with blood eosinophils >2.4% (RR=0.68, 95% CI 0.58 to 0.79), or blood eosinophils ≤2.4% and smoking history ≤46 pack‐years, experienced a reduced rate of exacerbations with FF/VI versus VI (RR=0.78, 95% CI 0.63 to 0.96), whereas those with blood eosinophils ≤2.4% and smoking history >46 pack‐years were identified as non‐responders (RR=1.22, 95% CI 0.94 to 1.58). Clusters of patients previously identified in the fluticasone propionate/salmeterol (SAL) versus SAL trials of similar design were not validated; all clusters of patients tended to benefit from FF/VI versus VI alone irrespective of diuretic use and reversibility. CONCLUSIONS: In patients with COPD with a history of exacerbations, those with greater blood eosinophils or a lower smoking history may benefit more from ICS/LABA versus LABA alone as measured by a reduced rate of exacerbations. In terms of eosinophils, this finding is consistent with findings from other studies; however, the validity of the 2.4% cut‐off and the impact of smoking history require further investigation. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBERS: NCT01009463; NCT01017952; Post‐results.
 The Effect of Inhaled Corticosteroid Withdrawal on Inflammation and the Airway Microbiome in COPD: the INCOGNITO Trial;  Introduction: Inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) reduce exacerbation frequency in COPD patients with eosinophilic inflammation but increase the risk of pneumonia. We hypothesised that ICS withdrawal would reduce airway bacterial load and modify the airway microbiome compared to continued ICS treatment in participants with non‐eosinophilic COPD. Methods: Stable patients with moderate to severe COPD currently treated with ICS and a blood eosinophil count <300cells/ul were enrolled. Patients were randomised to receive either Tiotropium and Olodaterol (ICS withdrawal) or Fluticasone Furoate/Vilanterol (ICS continuation) for 6 months. Sputum, oropharyngeal and nasopharyngeal swabs were taken at baseline, months 1,2,3 and 6 and during exacerbation. Bacterial load and microbiome characterisation were performed by 16S qPCR and 16S rRNA sequencing. Exacerbations were classified as bacterial, viral, eosinophilic or “other” using PCR detection of bacteria and viruses and eosinophil counts. Inflammatory markers were measured in sputum. Results: 80 patients with COPD were enrolled, mean age 69.3, 51.2% male, 32.5% current smokers with mean CAT score of 20.6. 38 patients were randomised to T/O, 42 to FF/VI. There was no difference in exacerbation rate or FEV1 between the groups. After one month, 26.1% of patients in the ICS withdrawal arm experienced a >4‐point improvement in SGRQ compared to 7.1% in the FF/VI group (p=0.02). No differences in bacterial load were detected between the groups. The microbiome was heterogenous, with the majority of sequences identified as Proteobacteria or Firmicutes. ICS withdrawal was associated with statistically significant increases in Streptococcus abundance (p=0.01) and a non‐significant reduction in Haemophilus dominated microbiome profiles. Alpha diversity was decreased following ICS withdrawal (p=0.04) associated with a higher relative abundance of commensal taxa including Rothia, Prevotella and Veillonella. Similar results were seen in the oropharyngeal and nasopharyngeal microbiota. There was no significant increase in inflammatory markers in sputum following ICS withdrawal except for sputum IL‐5 which was increased in the T/O treatment arm (p=0.04). 30 patients in the T/O group and 25 patients in the FF/VI group were studied at exacerbation. There was a higher frequency of bacterial and bacterial‐viral co‐infection exacerbations in the ICS group and a higher frequency of eosinophilic and unexplained exacerbations in the ICS withdrawal group (differences in distribution of exacerbation subtypes between groups, p=0.02). Conclusion: ICS withdrawal did not alter the airway bacterial load but did change the composition of the microbiome. ICS withdrawal altered the exacerbation endotype with a reduction in more severe, bacterial associated exacerbations.
 Withdrawal of inhaled corticosteroids and exacerbations of COPD: the wisdom phenotyping substudy;  Rationale The WISDOM study (NCT00975195) showed that in patients with severe COPD receiving tiotropium plus salmeterol, the risk of moderate or severe exacerbations was non‐inferior in those who discontinued inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) to those who continued ICS. A pre‐defined substudy planned to examine factors that identified patients in whom ICS withdrawal was associated with deterioration. Methods WISDOM was a 12‐month, double‐blind, parallel‐group, active‐controlled study in which all patients received triple therapy (tiotropium18 μg once daily, salmeterol 50 μg twice daily [BID] and fluticasone 500 μg BID) for a 6‐week run‐in period. Patients were randomized 1:1 to continue triple therapy or undergo stepwise withdrawal of ICS over 12 weeks (dose reduction every 6 weeks). The primary end point was time to first moderate or severe on‐treatment exacerbation. In the current substudy, patients underwent measurement of static lung volumes, carbon monoxide diffusing capacity, serum biomarkers, fraction of exhaled nitric oxide (FeNO), and sputum cell counts at baseline and at end of study (Week 52). Results 414 treated patients were included in the substudy (311 male); mean age was 64.3 years and mean pre‐bronchodilator FEV1 was 0.866 L (30.6% predicted). 61.6% of patients were GOLD 3 and 33.8% were GOLD 4. The hazard ratio for the time to first moderate or severe on‐treatment COPD exacerbation was 1.039 (95% confidence interval [CI] 0.806, 1.341). Apart from FeNO, there were no relevant clinical, functional, or biomarker differences in substudy end points between treatment groups. The mean (standard deviation) increase from baseline in FeNO at 18 and 52 weeks was 5.68 (15.07) parts per billion (ppb) and 4.48 (11.62) ppb, respectively, in the ICS withdrawal group, compared with an increase of 1.16 (9.86) ppb and 1.72 (10.76) ppb in the group that continued ICS treatment. Conclusions As in the full WISDOM cohort, this substudy failed to reveal a difference in risk of exacerbations between treatment groups. Compared with patients who continued ICS, ICS withdrawal was not associated with changes in lung function and serum biomarkers. The small rise in FeNO seen in the ICS withdrawal group is consistent with the known effect of corticosteroids on this biomarker and is of doubtful clinical significance. (Figure Presented).
 The Effect of Inhaled Corticosteroid Withdrawal on the Airway Metagenome and Antimicrobial Resistance: data From the INCOGNITO Trial;  Introduction: Previous studies using 16S rRNA sequencing have identified changes in the airway microbiome associated with inhaled corticosteroid treatment (ICS). Recent data has shown that studying microbial interactions (the interactome) may provide additive clinical insight. This study aimed to evaluate the effect of ICS withdrawal on the airway metagenome in patients with COPD. Methods: Stable patients with moderate to severe COPD currently treated with ICS and with a blood eosinophil count <300cell/ul were enrolled. Patients were randomised to receive either Tiotropium and Olodaterol (ICS withdrawal) or Fluticasone Furoate/Vilanterol (ICS continuation) for 6 months. Sputum samples were taken at baseline and months 1,2,3 and 6 and during exacerbation. The primary outcome was sputum bacterial load using 16S qPCR and the secondary outcome was microbiome characterisation by 16S rRNA sequencing. In an exploratory substudy, shotgun metagenomic sequencing was performed in sputum. Here we present preliminary data from 270 sputum samples from 54 participants. Interactome analysis was performed by compositionality‐corrected generalized boosted linear models (GBLM). Results: 80 patients with COPD were randomized, mean age 69.3, 51.2% male, 32.5% current smokers. 38 patients were randomised to T/O, 42 to FF/VI, over a six‐month treatment period. There were no differences in the primary outcome of bacterial load between groups (mean difference ‐0.03 log units 95%CI ‐0.15 to 0.09, p=0.61). In the sputum metagenome, the most abundant taxa were Streptococcus parasanguinis, Rothia mucilaginosa, Streptococcus mitis, salivarious and pneumoniae, Haemophilus influenzae and Gemella sanguinis. The resistome showed a high abundance of genes related to fluoroquinolone, tetracycline, beta‐lactam, macrolide and multidrug resistance. Metagenomic sequencing supported the results of 16S rRNA sequencing showing an increase in Streptococcus and relative reduction in Haemophilus following ICS withdrawal. Interactome analysis showed that following ICS withdrawal, commensal taxa such as Streptococcus, Prevotella, Campylobacter and Veillonella were the most busy, critical and influential within the microbial network. In patients in the ICS continuation arm, microbial interaction networks demonstrated a lesser role of commensals and greater prominence of Haemophilus, Moraxella and lactobacillus (figure 1). In keeping with this, longitudinal differential analysis of the interactome over the study period suggested ICS withdrawal was associated with largest changes in Streptococcus, Fusobacterium and Mogibacterium, while ICS continuation primarily affected Veillonella and Parvimonas. Conclusion: ICS withdrawal is associated with changes in microbial interactions in the airway metagenome. (Figure Presented).
 Stepwise withdrawal of inhaled corticosteroids in copd patients receiving dual bronchodilators: lung function reduction in the wisdom study;  Rationale The WISDOM study1 (NCT00975195) showed that in patients with severe COPD receiving tiotropium plus salmeterol, the risk of moderate or severe exacerbations was non‐inferior in those discontinuing inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) to those continuing ICS. However, a small reduction in trough FEV1 was observed at the Week 18 visit, after the final stage of ICS withdrawal (FEV1, 38 mL lower compared with ICS continuation; p<0.001). We report here an analysis of the time course of FEV1 changes in the WISDOM study and compare results of spirometry performed at clinic visits with daily measurements at home using the same spirometer. Methods In this 12‐month, double‐blind, parallel‐group, active‐controlled study, all patients received tiotropium18 μg once daily, salmeterol 50 μg twice daily, and fluticasone 500 μg twice daily for a 6‐week run‐in period. Patients were randomized equally to continued triple therapy or ICS withdrawal over 12 weeks. Patients were trained to use the EasyOne® spirometer (the same spirometer as for in‐clinic measurements) and asked to perform tests every morning from Weeks 0 to 52, before taking their COPD medications. Changes from baseline in weekly mean FEV1 were analyzed using a restricted maximum likelihood‐based repeated measures approach. Slopes were compared using a random‐effects model. Results 1832 patients contributed weekly mean FEV1 measurements at the Week 6 visit. Clinic‐based and home‐based spirometry results were stable and similar between treatment arms until the Week 12 visit (during stepwise ICS withdrawal), but decreased between the Week 12 and Week 18 visits following complete ICS withdrawal (42 mL lower FEV1 compared to ICS continuation) then stabilized (48 mL lower FEV1 at the Week 52 visit compared to ICS continuation). The maximal reduction in lung function in the ICS withdrawal group occurred during the first 3 weeks following the Week 12 visit before stabilizing. The slope of lung function reduction from the Week 18‐52 visits was similar between the two arms (adjusted mean [standard error] treatment difference ‐0.310 [0.251] mL/week for ICS withdrawal versus ICS; p=0.2178). Conclusions In patients with severe COPD receiving maintenance tiotropium and salmeterol, complete cessation of ICS treatment results in a small fall in FEV1. Thereafter , the reduction in FEV1 is not significantly different to that in patients who continue ICS treatment. The underlying mechanism and clinical relevance of this effect following ICS cessation remains unclear. (Figure Presented).
 Blood eosinophil count and exacerbations in severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease after withdrawal of inhaled corticosteroids: a post-hoc analysis of the WISDOM trial;  Background: Blood eosinophil counts might predict response to inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and a history of exacerbations. We used data from the WISDOM trial to assess whether patients with COPD with higher blood eosinophil counts would be more likely to have exacerbations if ICS treatment was withdrawn. Methods: WISDOM was a 12‐month, randomised, parallel‐group trial in which patients received 18 μg tiotropium, 100 μg salmeterol, and 1000 μg fluticasone propionate daily for 6 weeks and were then randomly assigned (1:1) electronically to receive either continued or reduced ICS over 12 weeks. We did a post‐hoc analysis after complete ICS withdrawal (months 3‐12) to compare rate of exacerbations and time to exacerbation outcomes on the basis of blood eosinophil subgroups of increasing cutoff levels. The WISDOM trial is registered at ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT00975195. Findings: In the 2296 patients receiving treatment after ICS withdrawal, moderate or severe exacerbation rate was higher in the ICS‐withdrawal group versus the ICS‐continuation group in patients with eosinophil counts (out of total white blood cell count) of 2% or greater (rate ratio 1·22 [95% CI 1·02‐1·48]), 4% or greater (1·63 [1·19‐2·24]), and 5% or greater (1·82 [1·20‐2·76]). The increase in exacerbation rate became more pronounced as the eosinophil cutoff level rose, with significant treatment‐by‐subgroup interaction reached for 4% and 5% only. Similar results were seen with eosinophil cutoffs of 300 cells per μL and 400 cells per μL, and mutually exclusive subgroups. Interpretation: Blood eosinophil counts at screening were related to the exacerbation rate after complete ICS withdrawal in patients with severe to very severe COPD and a history of exacerbations. Our data suggest that counts of 4% or greater or 300 cells per μL or more might identify a deleterious effect of ICS withdrawal, an effect not seen in most patients with eosinophil counts below these thresholds. Funding: Boehringer Ingelheim.
 Blood eosinophil count and exacerbations in severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease after withdrawal of inhaled corticosteroids: a post-hoc analysis of the WISDOM trial;  BACKGROUND: Blood eosinophil counts might predict response to inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and a history of exacerbations. We used data from the WISDOM trial to assess whether patients with COPD with higher blood eosinophil counts would be more likely to have exacerbations if ICS treatment was withdrawn. METHODS: WISDOM was a 12‐month, randomised, parallel‐group trial in which patients received 18 μg tiotropium, 100 μg salmeterol, and 1000 μg fluticasone propionate daily for 6 weeks and were then randomly assigned (1:1) electronically to receive either continued or reduced ICS over 12 weeks. We did a post‐hoc analysis after complete ICS withdrawal (months 3‐12) to compare rate of exacerbations and time to exacerbation outcomes on the basis of blood eosinophil subgroups of increasing cutoff levels. The WISDOM trial is registered at ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT00975195. FINDINGS: In the 2296 patients receiving treatment after ICS withdrawal, moderate or severe exacerbation rate was higher in the ICS‐withdrawal group versus the ICS‐continuation group in patients with eosinophil counts (out of total white blood cell count) of 2% or greater (rate ratio 1·22 [95% CI 1·02‐1·48]), 4% or greater (1·63 [1·19‐2·24]), and 5% or greater (1·82 [1·20‐2·76]). The increase in exacerbation rate became more pronounced as the eosinophil cutoff level rose, with significant treatment‐by‐subgroup interaction reached for 4% and 5% only. Similar results were seen with eosinophil cutoffs of 300 cells per μL and 400 cells per μL, and mutually exclusive subgroups. INTERPRETATION: Blood eosinophil counts at screening were related to the exacerbation rate after complete ICS withdrawal in patients with severe to very severe COPD and a history of exacerbations. Our data suggest that counts of 4% or greater or 300 cells per μL or more might identify a deleterious effect of ICS withdrawal, an effect not seen in most patients with eosinophil counts below these thresholds. FUNDING: Boehringer Ingelheim.
 Blood eosinophil count and exacerbations in severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease after withdrawal of inhaled corticosteroids: a post-hoc analysis of the WISDOM trial;  Background: Blood eosinophil counts might predict response to inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and a history of exacerbations. We used data from the WISDOM trial to assess whether patients with COPD with higher blood eosinophil counts would be more likely to have exacerbations if ICS treatment was withdrawn. Methods: WISDOM was a 12‐month, randomised, parallel‐group trial in which patients received 18 μg tiotropium, 100 μg salmeterol, and 1000 μg fluticasone propionate daily for 6 weeks and were then randomly assigned (1:1) electronically to receive either continued or reduced ICS over 12 weeks. We did a post‐hoc analysis after complete ICS withdrawal (months 3‐12) to compare rate of exacerbations and time to exacerbation outcomes on the basis of blood eosinophil subgroups of increasing cutoff levels. The WISDOM trial is registered at ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT00975195. Findings: In the 2296 patients receiving treatment after ICS withdrawal, moderate or severe exacerbation rate was higher in the ICS‐withdrawal group versus the ICS‐continuation group in patients with eosinophil counts (out of total white blood cell count) of 2% or greater (rate ratio 1·22 [95% CI 1·02‐1·48]), 4% or greater (1·63 [1·19‐2·24]), and 5% or greater (1·82 [1·20‐2·76]). The increase in exacerbation rate became more pronounced as the eosinophil cutoff level rose, with significant treatment‐by‐subgroup interaction reached for 4% and 5% only. Similar results were seen with eosinophil cutoffs of 300 cells per μL and 400 cells per μL, and mutually exclusive subgroups. Interpretation: Blood eosinophil counts at screening were related to the exacerbation rate after complete ICS withdrawal in patients with severe to very severe COPD and a history of exacerbations. Our data suggest that counts of 4% or greater or 300 cells per μL or more might identify a deleterious effect of ICS withdrawal, an effect not seen in most patients with eosinophil counts below these thresholds. Funding: Boehringer Ingelheim.
 Preventing Clinically Important Deterioration of COPD with Addition of Umeclidinium to Inhaled Corticosteroid/Long-Acting β2-Agonist Therapy: an Integrated Post Hoc Analysis;  INTRODUCTION: Assessing clinically important measures of disease progression is essential for evaluating therapeutic effects on disease stability in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). This analysis assessed whether providing additional bronchodilation with the long‐acting muscarinic antagonist umeclidinium (UMEC) to patients treated with inhaled corticosteroid (ICS)/long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA) therapy would improve disease stability compared with ICS/LABA therapy alone. METHODS: This integrated post hoc analysis of four 12‐week, randomized, double‐blind trials (NCT01772134, NCT01772147, NCT01957163, NCT02119286) compared UMEC 62.5 µg with placebo added to open‐label ICS/LABA in symptomatic patients with COPD (modified Medical Research Council dyspnea scale score ≥ 2). A clinically important deterioration (CID) was defined as: a decrease from baseline of ≥ 100 mL in trough forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1), an increase from baseline of ≥ 4 units in St George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) total score, or a moderate/severe exacerbation. Risk of a first CID was evaluated in the intent‐to‐treat (ITT) population and in patients stratified by Global initiative for chronic Obstructive Lung Disease (GOLD) classification, exacerbation history and type of ICS/LABA therapy. Adverse events (AEs) were also assessed. RESULTS: Overall, 1637 patients included in the ITT population received UMEC + ICS/LABA (n = 819) or placebo + ICS/LABA (n = 818). Additional bronchodilation with UMEC reduced the risk of a first CID by 45‐58% in the ITT population and all subgroups analyzed compared with placebo (all p < 0.001). Improvements were observed in reducing FEV1 (69% risk reduction; p < 0.001) and exacerbation (47% risk reduction; p = 0.004) events in the ITT population. No significant reduction in risk of a SGRQ CID was observed. AE incidence was similar between treatment groups. CONCLUSION: Symptomatic patients with COPD receiving ICS/LABA experience frequent deteriorations. Additional bronchodilation with UMEC significantly reduced the risk of CID and provided greater short‐term stability versus continued ICS/LABA therapy in these patients. FUNDING: GlaxoSmithKline (study number: 202067). Plain language summary available for this article.
 Relationship between prior inhaled corticosteroid use and benefits of budesonide/glycopyrrolate/formoterol fumarate on exacerbation risk in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: analysis from the ethos study;  Rationale: In the Phase III ETHOS study (NCT02465567), the inhaled corticosteroid (ICS)/long‐acting muscarinic antagonist/long‐acting β2‐agonist triple fixed‐dose combination budesonide/glycopyrrolate/formoterol fumarate (BGF) significantly reduced exacerbations versus dual therapies at two ICS dose levels in patients with moderateto‐very severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) who had ≥1 moderate/severe exacerbation in the prior year. This post‐hoc analysis of moderate/severe exacerbation events by prior ICS was performed to determine whether the treatment benefit for BGF versus glycopyrrolate/formoterol fumarate (GFF) was driven by ICS withdrawal in patients who had received ICS prior to randomization to GFF. Methods: ETHOS was a 52‐week randomized, double‐blind, multi‐center, parallel‐group study. Patients received BGF 320/18/9.6μg, BGF 160/18/9.6μg, GFF 18/9.6μg, or budesonide/formoterol fumarate 320/9.6μg twice‐daily via a single Aerosphere inhaler. The rate of moderate/severe exacerbations and time to first moderate/severe or severe exacerbation by prior ICS use were assessed over 52 weeks in patients receiving BGF versus GFF; analyses excluding the first 30/60/90 days of treatment evaluated the impact of acute ICS withdrawal. Results: The modified intent‐to‐treat population comprised 8509 patients (prior ICS use, N=6810 [80%]; no prior ICS use, N=1699 [20%]). Moderate/severe exacerbation rates for BGF 320 versus GFF were reduced by 24% in patients with prior ICS use and 23% in patients without prior ICS use (Table). Analysis based on time to first moderate/severe exacerbation demonstrated a 12% reduction in exacerbation risk with BGF 320 versus GFF in patients with prior ICS use and an 11% reduction in patients without prior ICS use. For time to first severe exacerbation, a risk reduction was demonstrated with BGF 320 versus GFF of 13% in patients with prior ICS use and 20% in patients without prior ICS use. Regardless of prior ICS use, the rate of moderate/severe exacerbations was reduced with BGF 320 versus GFF when the first 30/60/90 days of treatment were excluded from analyses (13%‐22%). Similar trends were observed for BGF 160 versus GFF, with similar rate reductions, regardless of prior ICS use. Conclusion: In this post‐hoc analysis, the benefits of BGF versus GFF on reducing the rate of moderate/severe exacerbations were consistent regardless of prior ICS use and when the first 30/60/90 days of treatment were excluded. These findings support the conclusion that observed benefits were not driven by acute ICS withdrawal in patients who had received ICS prior to randomization to GFF.
 Exacerbation risk is not worse when ICS are withdrawn in a stepwise manner in severe to very severe COPD patients receiving LAMA+LABA: the wisdom study;  PURPOSE: GOLD strategy recommends treating patients with recurrent exacerbations of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) with inhaled corticosteroids (ICS). The Withdrawal of Inhaled Steroids during Optimized bronchodilator Management (WISDOM) study was designed to evaluate the effects of stepwise withdrawal of ICS in patients with GOLD grade 3‐4 COPD and a history of exacerbation who are treated with long‐acting muscarinic antagonists + long‐acting β‐agonists (LAMA+LABA). METHODS: All patients in the 12‐month, double‐blind, parallel‐group, active‐controlled study (NCT00975195) received triple therapy (tiotropium18 μg QD, salmeterol 50 μg BID, and fluticasone 500 μg BID) for a 6‐week run‐in period. Following this, baseline assessments were made and patients randomized 1:1 to continue triple therapy or stepwise withdrawal of ICS over 12 weeks, with dose reduction every 6 weeks. We report time to first moderate to severe on‐treatment exacerbation (primary end point; non‐inferiority margin pre‐defined as a hazard ratio of <1.2), along with results for the following subgroups: geographic region, age, sex, smoking status, baseline body mass index, and previous COPD therapy. RESULTS: 2485 patients were treated (2049 male), with a mean age of 63.8 years and mean forced expiratory volume in 1 second of 0.98 L (34.2%) at baseline. The risk of experiencing an on‐treatment COPD exacerbation with ICS withdrawal was non‐inferior to continued ICS therapy (hazard ratio 1.058; 95% CI 0.941, 1.189). Similar results were seen in a sensitivity analysis that included post‐treatment exacerbations (hazard ratio 1.061; 95% CI 0.945, 1.192), and in all pre‐defined sub‐groups analyzed. No significant safety signals were identified. CONCLUSIONS: The risk of moderate to severe exacerbation after stepwise ICS withdrawal was comparable to continued ICS treatment in patients with GOLD grade 3‐4 COPD receiving LAMA+LABA. CLINICAL IMPLICATIONS: ICS may be successfully withdrawn in patients receiving LAMA+LABA without significantly increasing the risk of COPD exacerbation.
 Once-daily tiotropium respimat add-on to at least inhaled corticosteroid maintenance therapy reduces airflow obstruction in patients with symptomatic asthma, independent of allergic status;  Objective: The objective was to investigate whether the efficacy of oncedaily tiotropium Respimat (tioR) add‐on to at least inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) is influenced by allergic status in adult patients with varying severities of symptomatic asthma. A significant proportion of patients with asthma remain symptomatic despite treatment with ICS ± long‐acting β2‐agonists (LABAs). Methods: Five Phase III, doubleblind, placebo‐controlled, parallel‐group trials: PrimoTinA‐asthma (two 48‐week trials; NCT00776984/NCT00772538; n = 912): tioR 5 μg or placebo Respimat (pboR) add‐on to high‐dose ICS (≥800 μg/day budesonide or equivalent) + LABA; MezzoTinA‐asthma (two 24‐week trials; NCT01172808/NCT01172821; n = 2,100) and GraziaTinA‐asthma (one 12‐week trial; NCT01316380; n = 464): tioR 5 μg, 2.5 μg, or pboR add‐on to medium‐dose ICS (400‐800 μg/day budesonide or equivalent) and lowdose ICS (200‐400 μg/day budesonide or equivalent), respectively. Patients had symptomatic asthma requiring treatment with at least ICS for ≥4 weeks before screening; chronic obstructive pulmonary disease was exclusionary. Pre‐planned analyses of peak forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1 [0‐3 h]) and trough FEV1 were performed according to allergic status as per total serum immunoglobulin E (IgE) (< or ≥430 μg/L [equivalent to 179.2 IU/L]), blood eosinophils (< or ≥0.6‐109/L), or investigator judgment (No/Yes). Results: Peak and trough FEV1 significantly improved with tioR versus pboR in all trials, independent of IgE (interaction P values for peak FEV1 = 0.74, 0.97, 0.16 and trough FEV1 = 0.62, 0.84, 0.63 for PrimoTinA‐asthma, MezzoTinA‐ asthma, and GraziaTinA‐asthma, respectively), eosinophil count (interaction P values for peak FEV1 = 0.70, 0.24, 0.38 and trough FEV1 = 0.75, 0.51, 0.36, respectively), and investigator judgment (interaction P values for peak FEV1 = 0.21, 0.62, 0.60 and trough FEV1 = 0.41, 0.67, 0.87, respectively). Conclusion: Once‐daily tioR addon to at least ICS maintenance therapy reduces airflow obstruction in patients with mild to severe symptomatic asthma, independent of allergic status defined by IgE, eosinophil count, or investigator judgment.
 Withdrawal of inhaled corticosteroids from COPD patients inhaling long-term triple therapy: the sunset study;  Rationale: Inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) are recommended for COPD patients who experience frequent exacerbations despite long‐acting bronchodilators but are discouraged for those who do not have frequent exacerbations. Few studies have examined the effects and safety of ICS withdrawal in COPD patients on long‐term triple therapy who are not frequent exacerbators. Methods: SUNSET was a 26‐week, randomized, double blind, parallel‐group multicenter study to assess the efficacy and safety of the switch from long‐term triple therapy to indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY, 110/50 μg o.d.) or continuation of triple therapy with tiotropium 18 μg o.d. and salmeterol/fluticasone propionate fixed‐dose combination 50/500 μg b.i.d. The study included patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD (FEV1 ≥40% and <80% predicted), no more than 1 exacerbation in the previous year and the use of triple therapy for at least 6 months prior to study inclusion. The primary endpoint of the study was non‐inferiority on change from baseline in post‐dose trough FEV1 (with a non‐inferiority margin of ‐50 mL) after 26 weeks. Exacerbations, health‐related quality of life (SGRQ‐C) and breathlessness (Transition Dyspnea Index, TDI) were also evaluated. Results: 1,053 patients were randomized to IND/GLY (n=527) or triple therapy (n=526) (mean age 65 years, post‐bronchodilator FEV1 1.6 L). ICS withdrawal led to a mean reduction in trough FEV1 of ‐26 mL (95%CI, ‐53 to 1 mL) which exceeded the non‐inferiority margin. This difference between treatments on trough FEV1 was driven by the subset of patients with high blood eosinophil counts at baseline (‐68 mL, 95%CI, ‐ 125 to ‐12 mL for patients with ≥300 cells/μL and ‐13 mL, 95%CI, ‐44 to 17 mL for patients with <300 cells/μL). The two treatments showed similar annualized rates of moderate/severe COPD exacerbations (rate ratio 1.08; 95%CI, 0.83 to 1.40) and all (mild/moderate/severe) exacerbations (rate ratio 1.07; 95%CI, 0.93 to 1.22). ICS withdrawal led to a small difference in SGRQ‐C (1.4 units; 95%CI, 0.2 to 2.6 on Week 26), but no differences in TDI or use of rescue medication over 26 weeks. Safety and tolerability were balanced across the two treatment groups. Conclusions: In patients on long‐term triple therapy and up to 1 exacerbation in the previous year, the withdrawal of ICS led to a small decrease in lung function that was not clinically important, with no associated difference in the rates of COPD exacerbations, dyspnea or as‐needed bronchodilator use. Switching from triple therapy to indacaterol/glycopyrronium is effective in COPD patients and avoids long‐term exposure to ICS.
 The Effectiveness of 3 Combined Therapeutic Regimens in Egyptian Patients with Moderate-to-Severe Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease: a Randomized Double-Blind Prospective Pilot Study;  Background: There are differences of opinion about both the most effective combined therapeutic strategy and the clinical benefit of inhaled corticosteroids in nonasthmatic patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Furthermore, many inflammatory cytokines are reportedly correlated with severity of the disease. Objectives: To compare the effectiveness of long acting β‐agonist + long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LABA + LAMA) versus LABA + inhaled corticosteroid and LAMA + inhaled corticosteroid in nonasthmatic patients with moderate‐to‐severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. To assess the changes that occurred in plasma concentrations of tumor necrosis factor α, fibrinogen, and interleukin 6, and correlate these with disease activity. Methods: In this pilot study, 45 nonasthmatic patients with moderate to severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease were randomized into 3 groups with 15 patients in each group. Group I (LABA + inhaled corticosteroid) received formoterol/budesonide, group II (LAMA + inhaled corticosteroid) received tiotropium/budesonide and group III (LABA + LAMA) received formoterol/tiotropium for 12 weeks. Patients were assessed initially and then at 4 and 12 weeks by measuring the changes that occurred in forced expiratory volume in 1 second as a percent of predicted and in the modified Medical Research Council dyspnea scale. Plasma concentrations of tumor necrosis factor α, fibrinogen, and interleukin 6 were simultaneously measured. Results: The 3 study groups were statistically similar with respect to their demographic data and disease characteristics. All therapeutic options produced an improvement in forced expiratory volume in 1 second as a percent of predicted and in the modified Medical Research Council dyspnea scale as well as a reduction in plasma concentrations of the inflammatory markers. The effects produced by the three therapeutic combinations on forced expiratory volume in 1 second as a percent of predicted, plasma tumor necrosis factor α, interleukin 6, and fibrinogen concentrations were statistically similar after 4 and 12 weeks (4 weeks after treatment: P = 0.358, P = 0.284, P = 0.155, and P = 0.155, respectively, and 12 weeks after treatment: P = 0.710, P = 0.773, P = 0.240, and P = 0.076, respectively). Conclusions: In nonasthmatic patients with moderate to severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, the 3 therapeutic combinations showed similar effectiveness. The results of this pilot study also suggest that inflammatory markers can be used to track disease activity. Clinicaltrials.gov identifier: NCT04520230. (Curr Ther Res Clin Exp. 2021; 82:XXX–XXX)
 The Clinical Effectiveness of Fluticasone Furoate/Umeclidinium Bromide/Vilanterol in a Single Inhaler (TRELEGY ELLIPTA) when Compared with Non-ELLIPTA Multiple Inhaler Triple Therapies in COPD Patients within a Usual Care Setting.(study 206854);  INTERVENTION: Treatment with Trelegy ELLIPTA or Non‐ELLIPTA MITT. CONDITION: ; chronic obstrictive pulnonary disease ; COPD 10006436 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Change from baseline in COPD Assessment Test (CAT) after 24 weeks of treatment.; SECONDARY OUTCOME: Change from baseline in FEV1 at 24 weeks (subgroup of patients, not in NL). ; Percentage of participants making at least 1 critical error in inhalation ; technique (subgroup of patients, not in NL).. ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: * Males and females *40 years of age. * Documented diagnosis of COPD. * COPD Assessment Test (CAT) *10 at screening. * At least one moderate to severe exacerbation in the past 3 years. * Continuous treatment for at least 60 days during the past 16 weeks with inhaled corticosteroid plus long‐acting *2‐agonist plus long‐acting muscarinic antagonist or long‐acting *2‐agonist plus long‐acting muscarinic antagonist or inhaled corticosteroid plus long‐acting *2‐agonist. In case of dual therapy: A documented indication for triple therapy must be present.
 Efficacy and Safety of Indacaterol/Glycopyrronium (IND/GLY) Versus Salmeterol/Fluticasone in Chinese Patients with Moderate-to-Severe Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease: the Chinese Cohort from the LANTERN Study;  Inhaled indacaterol/glycopyrronium fixed‐dose combination (IND/GLY) is approved in over 80 countries, including the EU, Japan, Australia and Switzerland and the US. The LANTERN study evaluated the efficacy of IND/GLY compared with inhaled long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA)/inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) or salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD with a history of ≤1 exacerbation in the previous year. Here we present the efficacy and safety of IND/GLY versus SFC in the Chinese cohort from the LANTERN study. LANTERN was a 26‐week, multicenter, randomized, double‐blind, double‐dummy, parallel‐group study conducted in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD with a history of ≤1 exacerbation in the previous year. The patients were randomized (1:1) to once‐daily IND/GLY (110/50 μg) or twice‐daily SFC (50/500 μg). The primary endpoint was non‐inferiority of IND/GLY versus SFC in terms of trough FEV1. Of the total 744 patients randomized in the LANTERN study, 598 (80.4%) were from Mainland China and randomized to IND/GLY (n = 298) or SFC (n = 300), and 553 (92.5%) completed the study. IND/GLY showed superiority over SFC with a statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvement in trough FEV1, FEV1 AUC0–4h, peak FEV1 and trough forced vital capacity (FVC) change from the baseline. Annualized rate of moderate or severe COPD exacerbations was significantly lower (43%) with IND/GLY compared with SFC (rate ratio: 0.57, p = 0.015). Overall, adverse events were lower for IND/GLY (34.6%) versus SFC (43.1%). IND/GLY was superior in achieving bronchodilation versus SFC in a Chinese subgroup of patients from this study. Clinicaltrials.gov identifier: NCT01709903
 Efficacy and Safety of Indacaterol/Glycopyrronium (IND/GLY) Versus Salmeterol/Fluticasone in Chinese Patients with Moderate-to-Severe Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease: the Chinese Cohort from the LANTERN Study;  Inhaled indacaterol/glycopyrronium fixed‐dose combination (IND/GLY) is approved in over 80 countries, including the EU, Japan, Australia and Switzerland and the US. The LANTERN study evaluated the efficacy of IND/GLY compared with inhaled long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA)/inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) or salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD with a history of ≤1 exacerbation in the previous year. Here we present the efficacy and safety of IND/GLY versus SFC in the Chinese cohort from the LANTERN study. LANTERN was a 26‐week, multicenter, randomized, double‐blind, double‐dummy, parallel‐group study conducted in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD with a history of ≤1 exacerbation in the previous year. The patients were randomized (1:1) to once‐daily IND/GLY (110/50 μg) or twice‐daily SFC (50/500 μg). The primary endpoint was non‐inferiority of IND/GLY versus SFC in terms of trough FEV1. Of the total 744 patients randomized in the LANTERN study, 598 (80.4%) were from Mainland China and randomized to IND/GLY (n = 298) or SFC (n = 300), and 553 (92.5%) completed the study. IND/GLY showed superiority over SFC with a statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvement in trough FEV1, FEV1 AUC0‐4h, peak FEV1 and trough forced vital capacity (FVC) change from the baseline. Annualized rate of moderate or severe COPD exacerbations was significantly lower (43%) with IND/GLY compared with SFC (rate ratio: 0.57, p = 0.015). Overall, adverse events were lower for IND/GLY (34.6%) versus SFC (43.1%). IND/GLY was superior in achieving bronchodilation versus SFC in a Chinese subgroup of patients from this study. Clinicaltrials.gov identifier: NCT01709903.
 Efficacy and safety of the direct switch to indacaterol/glycopyrronium from salmeterol/fluticasone in non-frequently exacerbating COPD patients: the FLASH randomized controlled trial;  Background and objective: Combination long‐acting β2‐agonist/long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LABA/LAMA) has demonstrated superior clinical outcomes over LABA/inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) patients; however, data from blinded randomized controlled trials on direct switching from LABA/ICS to LABA/LAMA are lacking. FLASH (Assessment of switching salmeterol/Fluticasone to indacateroL/glycopyrronium in A Symptomatic COPD patient coHort) investigated if direct switch, without a washout period, from salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) to indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY) in COPD patients improves lung function and is well tolerated. Methods: In this 12‐week, multicentre, double‐blind study, patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD and up to one exacerbation in previous year, receiving SFC for ≥3 months, were randomized to continue SFC 50/500 μg twice daily (bd) or switch to IND/GLY 110/50 μg once daily (od). Primary endpoint was pre‐dose trough forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1) at Week 12. Results: In total, 502 patients were randomized (1:1) to IND/GLY or SFC. Patients switched to IND/GLY demonstrated superior lung function (pre‐dose trough FEV1) versus SFC at Week 12 (treatment difference (Δ) = 45 mL; P = 0.028). IND/GLY provided significant improvements in pre‐dose trough forced vital capacity (FVC; Δ = 102 mL; P = 0.002) and numerical improvements in transition dyspnoea index (TDI; Δ = 0.46; P = 0.063). Rescue medication use and COPD assessment test (CAT) scores were comparable between groups. Both treatments had similar safety profiles. Conclusion: FLASH demonstrated that a direct switch to IND/GLY from SFC improved pre‐dose FEV1 and FVC in COPD patients with up to one exacerbation in the previous year. No new safety signals were identified.
 Cost effectiveness of adding budesonide/formoterol to tiotropium in COPD in four Nordic countries;  OBJECTIVE: Assess the cost effectiveness of budesonide/formoterol (BUD/FORM) Turbuhaler(®)+tiotropium (TIO) HandiHaler(®) vs. placebo (PBO)+TIO in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) eligible for inhaled corticosteroids/long‐acting β2‐agonists (ICS/LABA). METHODS: The cost‐effectiveness analysis was based on the 12‐week, randomised, double‐blind CLIMB trial. The study included 659 patients with pre‐bronchodilator forced expiratory volume in 1 s ≤ 50% and ≥1 exacerbation requiring systemic glucocorticosteroids or antibiotics the preceding year. Patients received BUD/FORM 320/9 μg bid + TIO 18 μg qd or PBO bid + TIO 18 μg qd. Effectiveness was defined as the number of severe exacerbations (hospitalisation/emergency room visit/systemic glucocorticosteroids) avoided. A sub‐analysis included antibiotics in the definition of an exacerbation. Resource use from CLIMB was combined with Danish (DKK), Finnish (€), Norwegian (NOK) and Swedish (SEK) unit costs (2010). The incremental cost‐effectiveness ratios (ICERs) for BUD/FORM + TIO vs. PBO + TIO were estimated using descriptive statistics and uncertainty around estimates using bootstrapping. Analyses were conducted from the societal and healthcare perspectives in Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden. RESULTS: From a societal perspective, the ICER was estimated at €174/severe exacerbation avoided in Finland while BUD/FORM + TIO was dominant in the other countries. From the healthcare perspective, ICERs were DKK 1580 (€212), €307 and SEK 1573 (€165) per severe exacerbation avoided for Denmark, Finland and Sweden, respectively, while BUD/FORM + TIO was dominant in Norway. Including antibiotics decreased ICERs by 8‐15%. Sensitivity analyses showed that results were overall robust. CONCLUSION: BUD/FORM + TIO represents a clinical and economic benefit to health systems and society for the treatment of COPD in the Nordic countries. (ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT00496470).
 Tiotropium Respimat®: efficacy in elderly asthma patients;  Rationale: To resolve knowledge gaps and further understand asthma in older adults, we assessed the efficacy and safety of once‐daily tiotropium Respimat® (tioR) add‐on to at least inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) maintenance therapy in patients aged < 65 and =65 years with symptomatic asthma. Methods: Four Phase III, randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, parallel‐group trials. PrimoTinA‐asthma®: oncedaily tioR 5 μg or placebo add‐on to ICS (=800 μg budesonide or equivalent) + a long‐acting ß2‐agonist, for 48 weeks; MezzoTinA‐asthma®: once‐daily tioR 5 μg or 2.5 μg, twice‐daily salmeterol via hydrofluoroalkane metered‐dose inhaler 50 μg, or placebo (double‐dummy design) add‐on to ICS (400‐800 μg budesonide or equivalent), for 24 weeks. Exclusion criteria included chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Peak forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) within 3 hours post‐dose and trough FEV1 responses at Week 24 were coprimary endpoints. We conducted a subgroup analysis of FEV1 responses in patients aged < 65 and =65 years. Results: Number of patients treated in < 65 and =65 years groups, respectively: PrimoTinA, n = 745, n = 167; MezzoTinA, n = 1996, n = 104. TioR 5 μg and 2.5 μg provided statistically significant improvements in peak FEV1 and trough FEV1 responses vs. placebo in patients aged < 65 and =65 years in all trials (Table). Frequency of adverse events (AEs) and serious AEs with tioR was comparable with that of placebo and similar between subgroups. (Table presented) Conclusions: Once‐daily tiotropium Respimat® add‐on to at least ICS significantly improved lung function, with a safety profile comparable with that of placebo, in elderly and younger adults with symptomatic asthma.
 Tiotropium respimat®: efficacy in elderly asthma patients;  Rationale: To resolve knowledge gaps and further understand asthma in older adults, we assessed the efficacy and safety of once‐daily tiotropium Respimat® (tioR) add‐on to at least inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) maintenance therapy in patients aged <65 and ≥65 years with symptomatic asthma. Methods: Four Phase III, randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, parallel‐group trials. PrimoTinA‐asthma®: once‐daily tioR 5 μg or placebo add‐on to ICS (≥800 μg budesonide or equivalent) + a long‐acting β2‐agonist, for 48 weeks; MezzoTinA‐asthma : once‐daily tioR 5 ® μg or 2.5 μg, twice‐daily salmeterol via hydrofluoroalkane metered‐dose inhaler 50 μg, or placebo (double‐dummy design) add‐on to ICS (400‐800 μg budesonide or equivalent), for 24 weeks. Exclusion criteria included chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Peak forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) within 3 hours post‐dose and trough FEV1 responses at Week 24 were co‐primary endpoints. We conducted a subgroup analysis of FEV1 responses in patients aged <65 and ≥65 years. Results: Number of patients treated in <65 and ≥65 years groups, respectively: PrimoTinA, n=745, n=167; MezzoTinA, n=1996, n=104. TioR 5 μg and 2.5 μg provided statistically significant improvements in peak FEV1 and trough FEV1 responses vs. placebo in patients aged <65 and ≥65 years in all trials (Table). Frequency of adverse events (AEs) and serious AEs with tioR was comparable with that of placebo and similar between subgroups. Conclusions: Once‐daily tiotropium Respimat® add‐on to at least ICS significantly improved lung function, with a safety profile comparable with that of placebo, in elderly and younger adults with symptomatic asthma. (Table Presnted).
 Long-acting bronchodilators and arterial stiffness in patients with COPD: a comparison of fluticasone furoate/vilanterol with tiotropium;  BACKGROUND: Increased arterial stiffness as measured by aortic pulse wave velocity (aPWV) predicts cardiovascular events and mortality and is elevated in patients with COPD. Prior investigation suggests that a long‐acting β‐agonist (LABA)/inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) lowers aPWV in patients with baseline aPWV ≥ 11 m/s. This study compared the effect of the ICS/LABA fluticasone furoate/vilanterol (FF/VI), 100/25 μg, delivered via the ELLIPTA dry powder inhaler, with tiotropium bromide (TIO), 18 μg, on aPWV. METHODS: This multicenter, randomized, blinded, double‐dummy, parallel‐group, 12‐week study compared FF/VI and TIO, both administered once daily. The primary end point was aPWV change from baseline at 12 weeks. Safety end points included adverse events (AEs), vital signs, and clinical laboratory tests. RESULTS: Two hundred fifty‐seven patients with COPD and aPWV ≥ 11 m/s were randomized; 87% had prior cardiovascular events and/or risk. The mean difference in aPWV between FF/VI and TIO at week 12 was not significant (P = .484). Because the study did not contain a placebo arm, a post hoc analysis was performed to show that both treatments lowered aPWV by an approximate difference of 1 m/s compared with baseline. The proportion of patients reporting AEs was similar with FF/VI (24%) and TIO (18%). There were no changes in clinical concern for vital signs or clinical laboratory tests. CONCLUSIONS: No differences on aPWV were observed between FF/VI and TIO. However, further studies with a placebo arm are required to establish definitively whether long‐acting bronchodilators lower aPWV. Both treatments demonstrated an acceptable tolerability profile. TRIAL REGISTRY: ClinicalTrials.gov; No.: NCT01395888; URL: www.clinicaltrials.gov.
 Indacaterol/glycopyrronium versus salmeterol/fluticasone in Asian patients with COPD at a high risk of exacerbations: results from the FLAME study;  BACKGROUND: The FLAME study demonstrated that indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY), the fixed‐dose combination of a long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA, IND) and a long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA, GLY), was superior to salmeterol/fluticasone combination (SFC) in preventing exacerbations in COPD patients with a high risk of exacerbations. In this study, we report a prespecified analysis of the efficacy and safety of IND/GLY versus SFC in Asian patients from the FLAME study. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Patients from Asian centers with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD and ≥1 exacerbation in the previous year from the 52‐week, randomized FLAME study were included. IND/GLY was compared versus SFC for effects on exacerbations, lung function (forced expiratory volume in 1 second [FEV1] and forced vital capacity [FVC]), health status (St George's Respiratory Questionnaire [SGRQ]), rescue medication use, and safety. RESULTS: A total of 510 Asian patients (IND/GLY, n=250 or SFC, n=260) were included. Compared to the overall FLAME population, the Asian cohort had more males, a shorter duration of COPD, fewer patients using inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) at screening, fewer current smokers, and more patients with very severe COPD. IND/GLY significantly reduced the rate of moderate/severe exacerbations (rate ratio: 0.75; 95% confidence interval: 0.58‐0.97; P=0.027) and prolonged time to first moderate/severe exacerbation versus SFC (hazard ratio: 0.77; 95% confidence interval: 0.59‐1.01; P=0.055). Predose trough FEV1 and FVC significantly improved in Asian patients (P<0.001). IND/GLY improved SGRQ for COPD (SGRQ‐C score; P=0.006) and reduced rescue medication use (P=0.058) at week 52. Pneumonia incidence was 3.6% with IND/GLY and 7.7% with SFC (P=0.046). CONCLUSION: In exacerbating Asian COPD patients, IND/GLY was more effective than SFC.
 Indacaterol/glycopyrronium versus salmeterol/fluticasone in Asian patients with COPD at a high risk of exacerbations: results from the FLAME study;  Background: The FLAME study demonstrated that indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY), the fixed‐dose combination of a long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA, IND) and a long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA, GLY), was superior to salmeterol/fluticasone combination (SFC) in preventing exacerbations in COPD patients with a high risk of exacerbations. In this study, we report a prespecified analysis of the efficacy and safety of IND/GLY versus SFC in Asian patients from the FLAME study. Patients and methods: Patients from Asian centers with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD and ≥1 exacerbation in the previous year from the 52‐week, randomized FLAME study were included. IND/GLY was compared versus SFC for effects on exacerbations, lung function (forced expiratory volume in 1 second [FEV1] and forced vital capacity [FVC]), health status (St George’s Respiratory Questionnaire [SGRQ]), rescue medication use, and safety. Results: A total of 510 Asian patients (IND/GLY, n=250 or SFC, n=260) were included. Compared to the overall FLAME population, the Asian cohort had more males, a shorter duration of COPD, fewer patients using inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) at screening, fewer current smokers, and more patients with very severe COPD. IND/GLY significantly reduced the rate of moderate/severe exacerbations (rate ratio: 0.75; 95% confidence interval: 0.58–0.97; P=0.027) and prolonged time to first moderate/severe exacerbation versus SFC (hazard ratio: 0.77; 95% confidence interval: 0.59–1.01; P=0.055). Predose trough FEV1 and FVC significantly improved in Asian patients (P<0.001). IND/GLY improved SGRQ for COPD (SGRQ‐C score; P=0.006) and reduced rescue medication use (P=0.058) at week 52. Pneumonia incidence was 3.6% with IND/GLY and 7.7% with SFC (P=0.046). Conclusion: In exacerbating Asian COPD patients, IND/GLY was more effective than SFC.
 Comparison of LAMA/LABA vs. ICS/LABA in high risk COPD patients: pre-specified analysis on lung function and health status from the IMPACT trial;  The abstract will be presented as an ENCORE by Dr. Sven Micklisch on behalf of the authors with their permissions. It was presented at ERS 2018 in Paris. Rationale Current GOLD strategy document positions both combination regimens of inhaled corticosteroid plus a long‐acting p2 ‐agonist [i.e. ICS/LABA] and long‐acting muscarinic antagonist plus LABA [i.e. LAMA/LABA] for symptomatic patients with recurrent exacerbations. Methods The InforMing the PAthway of COPD Treatment (IMPACT) study was a phase III, double‐blind, parallel‐group, multicenter study that compared the efficacy and safety of single‐inhaler triple therapy fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol 100/62.5/25 ug (FF/UMEC/VI), FF/VI 100/25 u.g or UMEC/VI 62.5/25 ug, all using the ELLIPTA® inhaler in symptomatic patients with COPD and exacerbation history, randomised 2 :2 : 1, respectively to 52 weeks of treatment. The primary efficacy results on the annual rate of moderate or severe exacerbations are presented separately. Additional endpoints included change from baseline [CFB] in forced expiratory volume in 1 s (trough FEV1), St George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) for FF/VI compared with UMEC/VI. Results Of the 10 355 patients enrolled, 4134 received FF/VI and 2070 received UMEC/VI. At Week 52, there was a statistically significant improvement in trough FEV1 with UMEC/VI vs. FF/VI (mean CFB 40 mL and ‐3 mL, treatment difference 43 mL [95% CI: 28, 58 mL]; p < 0.001). The mean CFB in SGRQ Total score at week 52 was similar for both treatments (‐3.7 units). Conclusions UMEC/VI improved lung function compared with the once daily ICS/LABA FF/VI in patients with symptomatic COPD and at risk of exacerbations whereas the SGRQ Total score was similar. These results may help to inform treatment choices for this patient population.
 Real-life effectiveness of indacaterol-glycopyrronium after switching from tiotropium or salmeterol/fluticasone therapy in patients with symptomatic COPD: the POWER study;  Purpose: In contrast to randomized controlled trials (RCTs), changes in maintenance pharmacotherapy in clinical practice occur without a washout period. The Prospective cohort study for the real‐life effectiveness evaluation of glycOpyrronium With indacatERol combination in the management of COPD in Canada (POWER) study evaluated the real‐life effectiveness of indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY) following a direct switch from a long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA, tiotropium) or long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA)/inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) maintenance treatment (salmeterol/fluticasone [SFC]). Methods: POWER was a single‐cohort, prospective, multicenter, interventional study in which patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD, who remained symptomatic on their current treatment of once‐daily (od) tiotropium 18 µg or twice‐daily (bid) SFC (any dose), were switched to treatment with open‐label IND/GLY 110/50 µg od for 16 weeks. Effectiveness end points were change from baseline in trough FEV1, transition dyspnea index (TDI) total scores, and COPD assessment test (CAT) scores at 16 weeks. Results: Trough FEV1 improved by 175 mL at Week 16 in patients who switched to IND/GLY. The change was 176 mL (95% CI: 135‐217) when switched from tiotropium and 172 mL (95% CI: 85‐258) when switched from SFC fixed‐dose combination (FDC). At Week 16, significant improvements were observed in the mean TDI total scores (Δ=2.5) and CAT scores (Δ=‐6.5) after the switch to IND/GLY treatment (both P<0.0001). Additionally, IND/GLY was well tolerated in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD, and no safety signal was observed. Conclusion: In clinical practice settings, a direct switch from previous treatment with either tiotropium or SFC to IND/GLY was safe and provided superior clinically significant improvements in lung function and patient‐related outcomes in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD. Clinical trial registration: NCT02202616.
 Evaluation of Efficacy and Safety of Inhaled Tiotropium and Budesonide with Inhaled Formoterol and Budesonide in Patients Suffering from Severe COPD;  Background/Objective: Severe COPD cases (postbronchodilator FEV1<50% predicted) are at high risk of exacerbation. Inhalational corticosteroids (ICS) are recommended along with long acting bronchodilators, either Tiotropium (LAMA) or Formoterol (LABA). Very few studies have combined Tiotropium (LAMA) with Budesonide (ICS) and compared it with LABA+ICS combination in severe COPD. Methods: Study was prospective, randomized, open labelled, two parallel group, comparative controlled clinical trial. 80 patients were randomized into 2 groups. Group A received Tiotropium 18mcg OD and Budesonide 400mcg BD, while group B received Formoterol 6mcg + Budesonide 400mcg BD for 12 weeks. Efficacy was evaluated by postbronchodilator FEV1, 6 min walk distance (6MWD) and use of rescue medication, while safety by the incidence of adverse events. Results: Baseline characteristics of both the groups were similar. Baseline post‐bronchodilator FEV1 (% predicted) was 38.70 ± 0.982 and 40.90 ± 0.9007 in group A and B respectively (95% CI ‐4.857 to 0.4571). At end of 12 weeks it was 48.95 ± 1.517 in group A and 52.13 ± 1.217 in group B (95% CI ‐7.054 to 0.7042). 6MWD (in metres) was 181.2 ± 8.204 for group A and 173.4 ± 8.418 for group B (95%CI ‐15.59 to 31.29) at baseline. After 12 weeks it was 219.4 ± 9.546 for group A and 207.3 ± 9.466 for group B (95% CI ‐14.76 to 38.86). Incidence of adverse events was similar. Conclusion: The treatment with Tiotropium 18mcg and Budesonide 400mcg was similar in efficacy and safety when compared with Formoterol 6mcg + Budesonide 400mcg.
 Airway smooth muscle area to predict steroid responsiveness in COPD patients receiving triple therapy (HISTORIC): a randomised, placebo-controlled, double-blind, investigator-initiated trial;  BACKGROUND: Although inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) are highly effective in asthma, they provide significant, but modest, clinical benefit in COPD. Here, we tested the hypothesis that high bronchial airway smooth muscle cell (ASMC) area in COPD is associated with ICS responsiveness. METHODS: In this investigator‐initiated and ‐driven, double‐blind, randomised, placebo‐controlled trial (HISTORIC), 190 COPD patients, Global Initiative for Chronic Obstructive Lung Disease stage B‐D, underwent bronchoscopy with endobronchial biopsy. Patients were divided into groups A and B, with high ASMC area (HASMC: >20% of the bronchial tissue area) and low ASMC area (LASMC: ≤20% of the bronchial tissue area), respectively, and followed a run‐in period of 6 weeks on open‐label triple inhaled therapy with aclidinium (ACL)/formoterol (FOR)/budesonide (BUD) (400/12/400 μg twice daily). Subsequently, patients were randomised to receive either ACL/FOR/BUD or ACL/FOR/placebo and followed for 12 months. The primary end‐point of the study was the difference in post‐bronchodilator forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1) over 12 months between patients with LASMC and HASMC receiving or not receiving ICS. RESULTS: In patients with LASMC, ACL/FOR/BUD did not significantly improve FEV1 over 12 months, as compared to ACL/FOR/placebo (p=0.675). However, in patients with HASMC, ACL/FOR/BUD significantly improved FEV1, as compared to ACL/FOR/placebo (p=0.020). Over 12 months, the difference of FEV1 change between the ACL/FOR/BUD group and the ACL/FOR/placebo group was 50.6 mL·year‐1 within the group of patients with LASMC and 183.0 mL·year‐1 within the group of patients with HASMC. CONCLUSION: COPD patients with ΗASMC respond better to ICS than patients with LASMC, suggesting that this type of histological analysis may predict ICS responsiveness in COPD patients receiving triple therapy.
 Reported pneumonia in patients with COPD: findings from the INSPIRE study;  BACKGROUND: Pneumonia is an important complication of COPD and is reported more often in patients receiving inhaled corticosteroids (ICSs). Little is known about the clinical course and factors predisposing to pneumonia in patients with COPD. We investigated patient characteristics and symptoms occurring before pneumonia reports in the Investigating New Standards for Prophylaxis in Reduction of Exacerbations (INSPIRE) study. METHODS: This was a 2‐year, double‐blind, double‐dummy parallel study of 1,323 patients randomized to salmeterol/fluticasone propionate 50/500 μg bid (SFC) or tiotropium 18 μg once daily (Tio). Baseline demographics, including serum C‐reactive protein (CRP) levels, were measured, and daily record cards (DRCs) were completed. RESULTS: We identified 87 pneumonia reports from adverse event records (SFC=62; Tio=25) in 74 patients (SFC=50; Tio=24), compared with 2,255 exacerbations (SFC=1,185; Tio=1,070). Pneumonia was more common in patients with severe dyspnea and in those with a baseline CRP level>10 mg/L. Numbers of de novo pneumonias (events that were not preceded by symptoms of an exacerbation) were similar between treatment groups, but pneumonia was more likely after either a treated or untreated unresolved exacerbation in patients receiving ICSs (SFC=32; Tio=7). Similar results were seen when analysis was confined to radiologically confirmed events. CONCLUSIONS: Pneumonia is much less frequent than exacerbation in COPD. The excess of events with ICS treatment appears to be associated with protracted symptomatic exacerbations. Earlier identification and treatment of these events to prevent pneumonia merits further investigation. Trial registry: ClinicalTrials.gov; No.: NCT00361959; Study No.: SC040036; URL: clinicaltrials.gov.
 Once-daily QVA149 demonstrates superior outcomes in COPD patients previously treated with fixed-dose long-acting ?2-agonist/inhaled corticosteroid (LABA/ICS): the illuminate study;  Aim: The ILLUMINATE study evaluated the superiority of the once‐daily QVA149 110/50 μg, a dual bronchodilator combining the LABA indacaterol and the LAMA glycopyrronium, compared to twice‐daily LABA/ICS, salmeterol/ fluticasone 50/500 μg (SFC), in terms of efficacy, safety and tolerability in patients (pts) with moderate‐to‐severe COPD. This analysis reports the efficacy and safety of QVA149 vs. SFC in the sub‐group population using fixeddose LABA/ICS prior to study enrolment. Method: 122 pts on LABA/ICS prior to study entry were randomized to QVA149 (n = 54) and SFC (n = 68). FEV1 area under the curve for 0‐12 h (AUC0‐12h), pre‐dose trough FEV1, rescue medication use, exacerbations and safety were assessed after 26 wks. Results: QVA149 significantly improved FEV1 AUC0‐12h, pre‐dose trough FEV1 and reduced rescue medication use in COPD pts regardless of previous LABA/ICS use at study entry (Table). Number of exacerbations (QVA149: 23; SFC: 41) and pts with incidence of adverse events (QVA149: 50%; SFC: 55.9%) was numerically lower with QVA149. Conclusion: In the subpopulation previously treated with LABA/ICS, QVA149 demonstrated significant improvements in lung function and rescue therapy use compared to SFC. These results were consistent with the overall study population. (Table Presented).
 Once-daily QVA149 demonstrates superior outcomes in COPD patients previously treated with fixed-dose long-acting b2-agonist/inhaled corticosteroid (LABA/ICS): the ILLUMINATE study;  Introduction The ILLUMINATE study evaluated the superiority of the once‐daily QVA149 110/50μg, a dual bronchodilator combining the LABA indacaterol and the LAMA glycopyrronium, compared to twice‐daily LABA/ICS, salmeterol/fluticasone 50/500μg (SFC), in terms of efficacy, safety and tolerability in patients (pts) with moderate‐to‐severe COPD. This analysis reports the efficacy and safety of QVA149 vs. SFC in the sub‐group population using fixed‐dose LABA/ICS prior to study enrollment. Methods 122 pts on LABA/ICS prior to study entry were randomized to QVA149 (n=54) and SFC (n=68). FEV1 area under the curve for 0‐12h (AUC0‐12h), pre‐dose trough FEV1, rescue medication use, exacerbations and safety were assessed after 26wks. Results QVA149 significantly improved FEV1 AUC0‐12h, pre‐dose trough FEV1 and reduced rescue medication use in COPD pts regardless of previous LABA/ICS use at study entry (Table). Number of exacerbations (QVA149: 23; SFC: 41) and pts with incidence of adverse events (QVA149: 50%; SFC: 55.9%) was numerically lower with QVA149. Conclusion In the subpopulation previously treated with LABA/ICS, QVA149 demonstrated significant improvements in lung function and rescue therapy use compared to SFC. These results were consistent with the overall study population. (Table Presented).
 Once-daily QVA149 demonstrates superior outcomes in COPD patients previously treated with fixed-dose long-acting β -agonist/inhaled corticosteroid (LABA/ICS): the illuminate study;  PURPOSE: The ILLUMINATE study evaluated the superiority of once‐daily QVA149 110/50μg, a dual bronchodilator combining the LABA indacaterol and LAMA glycopyrronium, compared to twice‐daily LABA/ICS, salmeterol/fluticasone 50/500μg (SFC), in terms of efficacy, safety and tolerability in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD. This analysis reports the efficacy and safety of QVA149 versus SFC in the sub‐group population using fixed‐dose LABA/ICS prior to study enrollment. METHODS: 122 patients who were on LABA/ICS prior to study entry, were randomized to QVA149 (n=54) and SFC (n=68). FEV AUC , pre‐dose trough FEV1, exacerbations and safety were assessed after 26 wks. RESULTS: QVA149 significantly improved FEV AUC , pre‐dose trough FEV and reduced rescue medication use in COPD patients using LABA/ICS prior to study entry. QVA149 significantly improved FEV AUC in the subpopulation previously treated with LABA/ICS at Wks12 and 26 (Least square mean [LSM] Treatment difference [Td]=0.18L and 0.16L respectively; both p<0.001). These differences were consistent with the results of the overall population (at Wks12 and 26 LSM Td=0.12L and 0.14L respectively; both p<0.001) and thus showed that the improvement in breathlessness is independent of earlier LABA/ICS use. QVA149 significantly improved pre‐dose trough FEV compared to SFC at Wks12 and 26 in the sub‐group population (LSM Td=0.14L and 0.15 L, respectively; both p<0.001). These differences although higher were consistent with the results of the overall population (at Wks12 and 26 LSM Td=0.09L and 0.1L, respectively; both p<0.001). Number of exacerbations (QVA149: 23; SFC: 41) and patients with incidence of adverse events (QVA149: 50%; SFC: 55.9%) was numerically lower with QVA149. CONCLUSIONS: In the sub‐population pre‐treated with LABA/ICS, QVA149 demonstrated significant improvements in lung function compared to SFC and were consistent with the overall study population. The overall incidence of AEs was similar across the treatment groups.
 Once-daily QVA149 demonstrates superior outcomes in COPD patients previously treated with fixed-dose long-acting β -agonist/inhaled corticosteroid (LABA/ICS): the illuminate study;  PURPOSE: The ILLUMINATE study evaluated the superiority of once‐daily QVA149 110/50μg, a dual bronchodilator combining the LABA indacaterol and LAMA glycopyrronium, compared to twice‐daily LABA/ICS, salmeterol/fluticasone 50/500μg (SFC), in terms of efficacy, safety and tolerability in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD. This analysis reports the efficacy and safety of QVA149 versus SFC in the sub‐group population using fixed‐dose LABA/ICS prior to study enrollment. METHODS: 122 patients who were on LABA/ICS prior to study entry, were randomized to QVA149 (n=54) and SFC (n=68). FEV AUC , pre‐dose trough FEV1, exacerbations and safety were assessed after 26 wks. RESULTS: QVA149 significantly improved FEV AUC , pre‐dose trough FEV and reduced rescue medication use in COPD patients using LABA/ICS prior to study entry. QVA149 significantly improved FEV AUC in the subpopulation previously treated with LABA/ICS at Wks12 and 26 (Least square mean [LSM] Treatment difference [Td]=0.18L and 0.16L respectively; both p<0.001). These differences were consistent with the results of the overall population (at Wks12 and 26 LSM Td=0.12L and 0.14L respectively; both p<0.001) and thus showed that the improvement in breathlessness is independent of earlier LABA/ICS use. QVA149 significantly improved pre‐dose trough FEV compared to SFC at Wks12 and 26 in the sub‐group population (LSM Td=0.14L and 0.15 L, respectively; both p<0.001). These differences although higher were consistent with the results of the overall population (at Wks12 and 26 LSM Td=0.09L and 0.1L, respectively; both p<0.001). Number of exacerbations (QVA149: 23; SFC: 41) and patients with incidence of adverse events (QVA149: 50%; SFC: 55.9%) was numerically lower with QVA149. CONCLUSIONS: In the sub‐population pre‐treated with LABA/ICS, QVA149 demonstrated significant improvements in lung function compared to SFC and were consistent with the overall study population. The overall incidence of AEs was similar across the treatment groups.
 Functional respiratory imaging assessment of budesonide/glycopyrrolate/formoterol fumarate and glycopyrrolate/formoterol fumarate metered dose inhalers in patients with COPD: the value of inhaled corticosteroids;  Background: For patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), greater improvements in lung function have been demonstrated for triple versus dual inhaled therapies in traditional spirometry studies. This study was the first to use functional respiratory imaging (FRI), known for increased sensitivity to airway changes versus spirometry, to assess the effect of the inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) component (budesonide) on lung function in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD and a blood eosinophil count > 150 cells/mm3. Methods: Patients in this Phase IIIb (NCT03836677), randomized, double‐blind, crossover study received twice‐daily budesonide/glycopyrrolate/formoterol fumarate (BGF) 320/18/9.6 μg fixed‐dose triple therapy and glycopyrrolate/formoterol fumarate (GFF) 18/9.6 μg fixed‐dose dual therapy over 4 weeks, each delivered via a single metered dose Aerosphere inhaler. Primary endpoints were the improvements from baseline for each treatment in specific (i.e. corrected for lobar volume) image‐based airway volume (siVaw) and resistance (siRaw) measured via FRI taken at total lung capacity (Day 29). Secondary outcomes included spirometry and body plethysmography. Adverse events were monitored throughout the study. Results: A total of 23 patients were randomized and included in the intent‐to‐treat analysis (mean age 64.9 years, 78.3% males, 43.5% current smokers, mean predicted post‐bronchodilator forced expiratory volume in 1 s [FEV1] 63.6%). BGF and GFF both statistically significantly increased siVaw from baseline at Day 29 (geometric mean ratio [GM], 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.72 [1.38, 2.13] and 1.53 [1.28, 1.83], respectively, both p < 0.0001), with a greater increase observed for BGF versus GFF (GM, 95% CI 1.09 [1.03, 1.16], p = 0.0061). Statistically significant reductions in siRaw were also observed with both BGF and GFF (GM, 95% CI 0.50 [0.39, 0.63] and 0.52 [0.40, 0.67], respectively, both p < 0.0001). Additionally, significant improvements from baseline in post‐dose FEV1 were observed with BGF and GFF (mean 346 mL, p = 0.0003 and 273 mL, p = 0.0004, respectively). Safety findings were consistent with the known profiles of BGF and GFF. Conclusions: As observed using FRI, triple therapy with BGF resulted in greater increases in airway volume, and reductions in airway resistance versus long‐acting muscarinic antagonist/long‐acting β2‐agonist (LAMA/LABA) dual therapy with GFF, reflecting the ICS component’s contribution in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT03836677. Registered 11 February 2019, https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT03836677.
 Intensified combination therapy with inhaled corticosteroids and long-acting β2-agonists at the onset of URTI to prevent exacerbations of COPD-a randomized, placebo controlled study;  Background: Viral infection seems to be the predominant risk factor for exacerbations of COPD. It is unclear whether intensified combination therapy with inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) and long‐acting β2‐agonists (LABA) at the onset of upper respiratory tract infection (URTI) could decrease the incidence of exacerbation of COPD as compared to placebo in patients receiving low maintenance dose ICS/LABA. Methods: Investigator‐initiated and driven,double‐blind, randomized, placebo‐controlled, multicenter trial. Patients with stable COPD, GOLD 2‐4 and at least one exacerbation in the previous year were randomly assigned to intensified combination treatment with ICS/LABA (budenoside 400μg/formoterol 12μg, twice daily) or to placebo at URTI onset for 10 days. Low maintenance dose ICS/LABA (budesonide 200μg/formoterol 6μg, twice daily) was left unchanged in both groups. The primary outcome measure was the proportion of patients that developed exacerbation within 21 days of URTI. URTI was defined as new or increased coryzal symptoms (one or more of runny or blocked nose, post‐nasal‐drip and sneezing) during at least 12 hours. The presence of 18 respiratory viruses was detected by PCR at URTI onset, 10 days thereafter, at exacerbation and at stable state every 6 months (50'994 individual PCRs). The mean follow‐up was 712 days (±338) days. Results: 450 patients (mean age 66.9 years, 68% male, 66% receiving LAMA) were included and assigned to receive either LABA/ICS (192) or placebo (216) at 408 URTIs. The incidence of exacerbation following URTI was similar in both randomized groups (hazard ratio:0.77; 95%CI:0.46‐1.33) but the risk of severe exacerbation, defined as need for hospitalization or death, was decreased by 72% in the ICS/LABA group (HR:0.28; 95%CI:0.11‐0.74, p=0.010). In the stratified analysis, disease severity (airflow limitation and risk according to GOLD), increased BODE score and FeNO were associated with a significant risk reduction for exacerbation in the ICS/LABA group as compared to the placebo group (p<0.05 for all). The risk of exacerbation was reduced by 77% in patients with severe airflow obstruction, i.e. GOLD 3‐4 (HR:0.23; 95%CI:0.09‐0.61, p=0.003) and by 76% in patients with higher risk, i.e. GOLD C‐D (HR:0.24; 95%CI: 0.11‐0.54, p<0.001) in the ICS/LABA group. Conclusion: Intensified combination therapy with ICS/LABA at URTI onset for 10 days significantly prevented severe exacerbations of COPD. Patients with more severe disease (GOLD stages 3‐4, GOLD groups C‐D, higher BODE score) and those with higher FeNO had also a significant risk reduction for any exacerbation if treated with intensified ICS/LABA therapy at URTI onset.
 Efficacy and safety study to assess between three drugs (Inhaler) in patients with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease;  INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Glycopyrronium 50 Âµg plus Vilanterol 25 Âµg plus Fluticasone 100 Âµg dry powder inhaler (DPI): Glycopyrronium 50 Âµg plus Vilanterol 25 Âµg plus Fluticasone 100 Âµg dry powder inhaler (DPI) for once‐a‐day inhalation Treatment Period:12 Weeks Control Intervention1: AIRZ‐FF: Glycopyrronium 12.5 Âµg plus Formoterol 12 Âµg plus Fluticasone 250 Âµg DPI for Twice a day Inhalation Treatment Period:12 Weeks CONDITION: Health Condition 1: J449‐ Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, unspecified PRIMARY OUTCOME: Change from baseline in trough FEV1Timepoint: 12 weeks SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1. Change from baseline in Trough FEV1 ; 2.Change from baseline in 2 h post‐dose FEV1 ; 3.Proportion of patients requiring use of rescue medication over treatment period ; 4. Proportion of patients with COPD exacerbations during the treatment period ; 5. Change from baseline in mMRC scoreTimepoint: 1.week 4 and week 8 ; 2.week 12 ; 3.week 12 ; 4.week 12 ; 5. week 4, week 8 and week 12 INCLUSION CRITERIA: Subjects meeting all the following criteria will be participating in the trial: 1. Male or female patients, aged â?¥18 to â?¤ 75 years at screening 2. Patients with a diagnosis of COPD (as defined by the GOLD Guidelines, 2021) 3. Post‐bronchodilator FEV1 â?¥30% and <80% of the predicted normal value and post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC (forced vital capacity) ratio < 0.70 4. A modified Medical Research Council dyspnoea scale (mMRC) grade 2 or greater 5. History of exacerbations (â?¥2 moderate or â?¥1 severe exacerbation) of COPD within 12 months before screening 6. Subjects on inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) with or without a long‐acting Î²2 agonist (LABA) (as a free or fixed combination), or ICS with a long‐ acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA), or LABA with LAMA (as a free or fixed combination), or LAMA monotherapy as maintenance treatment for at least 1 month before screening 7. Current or previous cig
 Triple Therapy with Budesonide/Glycopyrrolate/Formoterol Fumarate Improves Inspiratory Capacity in Patients with Asthma-Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease Overlap;  PURPOSE: Asthma‐chronic obstructive pulmonary disease overlap (ACO), characterized by airway limitation, is an important condition with high incidence and mortality. Although some guidelines recommend triple therapy with inhaled corticosteroids/long‐acting muscarinic antagonists/long‐acting β2 agonists, this treatment approach is based on the extrapolation of data from studies of asthma or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) alone. METHODS: A 12‐week, randomized, open‐label cross‐over pilot study was conducted in 19 patients with ACO to investigate the effect of triple therapy with glycopyrrolate (GLY) 50 µg/day on budesonide/formoterol fumarate (BUD/FORM) 640/18 µg/day. The study period included a 4‐week wash‐out, 4‐week run‐in, and 4‐week treatment period. Respiratory function tests, fractional exhaled nitric oxide (FeNO), a COPD assessment test (CAT) and an asthma control questionnaire (ACQ) were carried out 0, 4, and 8 weeks after randomization. RESULTS: A total of 19 patients with stable ACO (19 males and no females) with a mean age of 70.7 ± 7.6 years (± standard deviation, SD; range 55‐83 years) participated in this study. All patients were ex‐smokers with a smoking history of 63.1 ± 41.1 pack‐years (± SD). Mean values for inspiratory capacity (IC), an index of hyperinflation of the lung that causes exertional dyspnea and reduced exercise, were 1.93 L (± 0.47 L) after the run‐in, 1.85 L (± 0.51 L) after the BUD/FORM dual therapy period and 2.11 L (± 0.58 L) after the BUD/GLY/FORM triple therapy period. IC values after the BUD/GLY/FORM triple therapy were significantly higher than those after the run‐in (p < 0.02). FeNO values, ACQ, and CAT scores were not significantly different among the run‐in, wash‐out, and triple‐therapy periods. CONCLUSION: The present pilot study showed that triple therapy with BUD/GLY/FORM results in an improvement in lung function parameters including IC, indicating the potential value of triple therapy as standard treatment for ACO.
 Blood Eosinophils and Response to Maintenance Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease Treatment. Data from the FLAME Trial;  RATIONALE: Post hoc analyses suggest that blood eosinophils have potential as a predictive biomarker of inhaled corticosteroid efficacy in the management of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). OBJECTIVES: We prospectively investigated the value of blood eosinophils as a predictor of responsiveness to an inhaled corticosteroid/long‐acting β2‐agonist combination versus a long‐acting β2‐agonist/long‐acting muscarinic antagonist combination for exacerbation prevention. METHODS: We conducted prespecified analyses of data from the FLAME (Effect of Indacaterol Glycopyronium vs Fluticasone Salmeterol on COPD Exacerbations) study, which compared once‐daily long‐acting β2‐agonist/long‐acting muscarinic antagonist indacaterol/glycopyrronium 110/50 μg with twice‐daily long‐acting β2‐agonist/inhaled corticosteroid salmeterol/fluticasone combination 50/500 μg in patients with one or more exacerbations in the preceding year. Subsequent post hoc analyses were conducted to address further cutoffs and endpoints. MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: We compared treatment efficacy according to blood eosinophil percentage (<2% and ≥2%, <3% and ≥3%, and <5% and ≥5%) and absolute blood eosinophil count (<150 cells/μl, 150 to <300 cells/μl, and ≥300 cells/μl). Indacaterol/glycopyrronium was significantly superior to salmeterol/fluticasone for the prevention of exacerbations (all severities, or moderate or severe) in the <2%, ≥2%, <3%, <5%, and <150 cells/μl subgroups, and at no cutoff was salmeterol/fluticasone superior to indacaterol/glycopyrronium. Furthermore, the rate of moderate or severe exacerbations did not increase with increasing blood eosinophils. The incidence of pneumonia was higher in patients receiving salmeterol/fluticasone than indacaterol/glycopyrronium in both the <2% and ≥2% subgroups. CONCLUSIONS: Our prospective analyses indicate that indacaterol/glycopyrronium provides superior or similar benefits over salmeterol/fluticasone regardless of blood eosinophil levels in patients with COPD. Clinical trial registered with www.clinicaltrials.gov (NCT01782326).
 Once-Daily Triple Therapy in Patients with COPD: patient-Reported Symptoms and Quality of Life;  INTRODUCTION: Directly recorded patient experience of symptoms and health‐related quality of life (HRQoL) can complement lung function and exacerbation rate data in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) clinical studies. The FULFIL study recorded daily symptoms and activity limitation together with additional patient‐reported outcomes of dyspnea and HRQoL, as part of the prespecified analyses. FULFIL co‐primary endpoint data have been previously reported. METHODS: FULFIL was a phase III, 24‐week, randomized, double‐blind, double‐dummy, multicenter study comparing once‐daily single inhaler triple therapy [fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI)] 100 µg/62.5 µg/25 µg with twice‐daily inhaled corticosteroid/long‐acting β2‐agonist therapy [budesonide/formoterol (BUD/FOR)] 400 µg/12 µg in patients with symptomatic COPD at risk of exacerbations. A subset participated for 52 weeks. Patient‐reported assessments were: Evaluating Respiratory Symptoms in COPD™ (E‐RS: COPD), St George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) for COPD, COPD Assessment Test (CAT), baseline and transitional dyspnea indices (TDI) and daily and global anchor questions for activity limitation. RESULTS: FF/UMEC/VI showed greater reductions from baseline in 4‐weekly mean E‐RS: COPD total and all subscale scores compared with BUD/FOR; differences were statistically significant (P < 0.05) at each time period. FF/UMEC/VI also demonstrated greater improvements from baseline at weeks 4 and 24 in SGRQ domain scores and TDI focal score compared with BUD/FOR. At weeks 4 and 24, improvements greater than the minimal clinically important difference from baseline were observed in CAT score with FF/UMEC/VI, but not BUD/FOR; differences were statistically significant (P ≤ 0.003). CONCLUSION: These findings demonstrate sustained daily symptom and HRQoL benefits of FF/UMEC/VI versus BUD/FOR. The inclusion of the CAT may provide data that are readily generalizable to everyday clinical practice. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov number: NCT02345161. FUNDING: GSK.
 Onset of effect of umeclidinium/vilanterol compared with other maintenance therapies in patients with COPD;  Rationale: Onset of effect is an important aspect of bronchodilator therapy in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). The analyses presented here evaluated the onset of effect of the long‐acting muscarinic antagonist/β2‐agonist combination umeclidinium/vilanterol (UMEC/VI) in patients with COPD versus other long‐acting bronchodilator (LABD) or LABD/inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) therapies. Methods: Onset of effect was evaluated using serial forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) data from eight multicenter, randomized, and blinded studies comparing UMEC/VI with UMEC, VI, tiotropium (TIO), or the fluticasone propionate/salmeterol ICS/LABD combination (FSC). Comparisons of FEV1 at the earliest time points evaluated (5 minutes and/or 15 minutes post‐dose; all 8 studies) and time to an increase of ≥100 mL from pre‐dose baseline during 0 to 6‐hour serial spirometry (in 6 studies) were used to evaluate onset of effect after the first dose of medication. Patients were ≥40 years of age with moderate to very severe COPD (FEV1 ≤70% or ≥30% to ≤70% of predicted normal). Results: At 15 minutes post‐dose (a time point measured in all studies), UMEC/VI improved FEV1 from baseline by 0.103‐0.153 L across studies. Statistically significant improvements in FEV1 were seen with UMEC/VI versus UMEC and TIO at 15 minutes post‐dose (the first time point assessed), and UMEC/VI versus FSC at 5 and 15 minutes post‐dose (all p<0.001). Comparisons with VI favored UMEC/VI but were not always statistically significant. UMEC/VI was significantly more likely to demonstrate an increase of ≥100 mL from baseline compared with UMEC, VI, TIO and FSC (p≤0.011; based on analysis of time to onset). Conclusions: In patients with moderate to very severe COPD, UMEC/VI has a more rapid onset of effect compared with UMEC, VI, TIO, and FSC based on assessments of serial FEV1. The VI component of UMEC/VI primarily contributed to the onset of effect.
 Indacaterol/glycopyrronium shows consistent improvement in lung function and health-related quality of life versus salmeterol/fluticasone in moderate-to-very severe COPD patients: the flame study;  Background and Aims: Long‐acting β2‐agonists/inhaled corticosteroids combination (LABA/ICS) and/or long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) are the recommended treatments for moderate‐to very severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) patients at high risk of exacerbations (GOLD 2016). In the FLAME1 study, indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY, a LABA/LAMA) showed superiority in reducing exacerbations over salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC, a LABA/ICS) in COPD patients with a history of exacerbations. Here, we report the effects of IND/GLY on lung function and health‐related quality of life (HRQoL) versus SFC from this study. Methods: In the 52‐week, double‐blind FLAME study, COPD patients with a history of ≥1 exacerbation in the past year, and a postbronchodilator forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) predicted ≥25% to <60%, were randomized (1:1) to receive once‐daily IND/GLY 110/50 μg or twice‐daily SFC 50/500 μg. Lung function was assessed using spirometry (pre‐dose trough FEV1 and forced vital capacity [FVC], and standardized area under the curve for FEV1 from 0 to 12 hours [FEV1 AUC0‐12h] in a subset of patients using serial spirometry), and HRQoL was evaluated in terms of St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire for COPD (SGRQ‐C) total score at Day 1 (FEV1 AUC0‐12h), and after 4, 12, 26, 38, and 52 weeks of treatment (pre‐dose trough FEV1, FVC, FEV1 AUC0‐12h and SGRQ‐C). Results: Of the 3362 randomized patients (IND/GLY, n = 1680; SFC, n = 1682), 82.2% completed the 52‐week treatment period. IND/GLY showed significant improvements in pre‐dose trough FEV1, pre‐dose trough FVC, FEV1 AUC0‐12h, and SGRQ‐C score (except at Week 4) versus SFC over the 52‐week treatment period (Table). Conclusions: IND/GLY showed significant improvements in lung function, and health‐related quality of life versus SFC, which was consistent over the 52‐week treatment period. These results support the role of IND/GLY as a preferred treatment in COPD patients at high risk of exacerbations.
 Association between Increased Risk of Pneumonia with ICS in COPD: a Continuous Variable Analysis of Patient Factors from the IMPACT Study;  Introduction: Despite the proven benefits of inhaled corticosteroid (ICS)‐containing triple therapy for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), clinicians limit patient exposure to ICS due to the risk of pneumonia. However, there are multiple factors associated with the risk of pneumonia in patients with COPD. This post hoc analysis of IMPACT trial data aims to set the risks associated with ICS into a context of specific patient‐related factors that contribute to the risk of pneumonia. Methods: The 52‐week, double‐blind IMPACT trial randomized patients with symptomatic COPD and ≥1 exacerbation in the prior year 2:2:1 to once‐daily fluticasone furoate (FF)/umeclidinium (UMEC)/vilanterol (VI), FF/VI or UMEC/VI. Annual rate of on‐treatment pneumonias in the intent‐to‐treat population associated with age, body mass index (BMI), percent predicted forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1) and blood eosinophil count (BEC) was evaluated. Results: This analysis revealed that the annual rate of pneumonia showed the lowest risk at the age of 50 years. The 95% confidence intervals (CI) between ICS‐containing and non‐ICS containing treatments diverged in ages > 63 years, suggesting a significantly increased ICS‐related risk in older patients. In contrast, the annual rate of pneumonia rose in both groups below BMI of 22.5 kg/m2, but above that, there was no relationship to pneumonia rate and no differential effect between the two groups. The relationship between BEC and pneumonia was flat up to > 300/µL cells with ICS‐containing treatment and then rose. In contrast, the rate of pneumonia with non‐ICS containing treatment appeared to increase at a lower level of BEC ( 200/µL). Conclusions: There was little evidence of a differential effect of older age, lower BMI, lower FEV1 and BEC on the pneumonia rate between ICS‐containing and non‐ICS containing treatments. This analysis points to the need for a balanced approach to risk versus benefit in the use of ICS‐containing treatments in COPD. Clinical trial registration: IMPACT ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT02164513.
 Benefits of Budesonide/Glycopyrronium/Formoterol Fumarate Dihydrate on COPD Exacerbations, Lung Function, Symptoms, and Quality of Life Across Blood Eosinophil Ranges: a Post-Hoc Analysis of Data from ETHOS;  Purpose: Blood eosinophil (EOS) count can guide treatment decisions for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). In the 52‐week ETHOS study (NCT02465567), budesonide/glycopyrronium/formoterol fumarate dihydrate (BGF) triple therapy at two inhaled corticosteroid doses reduced moderate/severe exacerbation rates and improved lung function, symptoms, and disease‐related quality of life (QoL) versus dual therapy with glycopyrronium/formoterol fumarate dihydrate (GFF) or budesonide/formoterol fumarate dihydrate (BFF) in patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD. This subgroup analysis evaluated treatment benefits in ETHOS by baseline EOS count. Methods: Patients (40‐80 years) with a COPD history were randomly assigned 1:1:1:1 to receive BGF 320/14.4/10 µg, BGF 160/14.4/10 µg, GFF 14.4/10 µg, or BFF 320/10 µg via a metered‐dose inhaler. This post‐hoc analysis assessed endpoints by baseline EOS count using Global Initiative for Obstructive Lung Disease thresholds (<100, ≥100, ≥100‐<300, ≥300 cells/mm3), and investigated continuous relationships between treatment effects and EOS count on exacerbations, symptoms, disease‐related QoL, lung function, and safety. Results: In the modified intention‐to‐treat population (n=8509), 82.6% had EOS counts ≥100 cells/mm3. BGF 320 reduced moderate/severe exacerbation rates versus GFF in the ≥100, ≥100‐<300, and ≥300 subgroups; treatment differences increased with EOS count. BGF 320 improved rescue medication use and lung‐function outcomes across all subgroups, and St George's Respiratory Questionnaire total score, Transition Dyspnea Index focal score, and Exacerbations of Chronic Pulmonary Disease Tool total score in all except the <100 subgroup versus GFF. Benefits of BGF 320 versus BFF were generally consistent across subgroups. Safety data were comparable across subgroups. Conclusion: Benefits of BGF versus GFF were observed across EOS counts, particularly at ≥100 cells/mm³; versus BFF, benefits were largely independent of EOS. These findings confirm that benefits of ICS‐containing triple therapy are not restricted to EOS counts ≥300 cells/mm³, supporting recommendations to consider triple therapy in patients with an exacerbation history and EOS counts ≥100 cells/mm³.
 Benefits of Budesonide/Glycopyrronium/Formoterol Fumarate Dihydrate on COPD Exacerbations, Lung Function, Symptoms, and Quality of Life Across Blood Eosinophil Ranges: a Post-Hoc Analysis of Data from ETHOS;  Purpose: Blood eosinophil (EOS) count can guide treatment decisions for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). In the 52‐week ETHOS study (NCT02465567), budesonide/glycopyrronium/formoterol fumarate dihydrate (BGF) triple therapy at two inhaled corticosteroid doses reduced moderate/severe exacerbation rates and improved lung function, symptoms, and disease‐related quality of life (QoL) versus dual therapy with glycopyrronium/formoterol fumarate dihydrate (GFF) or budesonide/ formoterol fumarate dihydrate (BFF) in patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD. This subgroup analysis evaluated treatment benefits in ETHOS by baseline EOS count. Methods: Patients (40−80 years) with a COPD history were randomly assigned 1:1:1:1 to receive BGF 320/14.4/10 µg, BGF 160/14.4/10 µg, GFF 14.4/10 µg, or BFF 320/10 µg via a metered‐dose inhaler. This post‐hoc analysis assessed endpoints by baseline EOS count using Global Initiative for Obstructive Lung Disease thresholds (<100, ≥100, ≥100−<300, ≥300 cells/mm3), and investigated continuous relationships between treatment effects and EOS count on exacerbations, symptoms, disease‐related QoL, lung function, and safety. Results: In the modified intention‐to‐treat population (n=8509), 82.6% had EOS counts ≥100 cells/mm3. BGF 320 reduced moderate/ severe exacerbation rates versus GFF in the ≥100, ≥100−<300, and ≥300 subgroups; treatment differences increased with EOS count. BGF 320 improved rescue medication use and lung‐function outcomes across all subgroups, and St George’s Respiratory Questionnaire total score, Transition Dyspnea Index focal score, and Exacerbations of Chronic Pulmonary Disease Tool total score in all except the <100 subgroup versus GFF. Benefits of BGF 320 versus BFF were generally consistent across subgroups. Safety data were comparable across subgroups. Conclusion: Benefits of BGF versus GFF were observed across EOS counts, particularly at ≥100 cells/mm³; versus BFF, benefits were largely independent of EOS. These findings confirm that benefits of ICS‐containing triple therapy are not restricted to EOS counts ≥300 cells/mm³, supporting recommendations to consider triple therapy in patients with an exacerbation history and EOS counts ≥100 cells/mm³.
 Glycopyrronium once-daily significantly improves lung function and health status when combined with salmeterol/fluticasone in patients with COPD: the GLISTEN study, a randomised controlled trial;  BACKGROUND: The optimal use of various therapeutic combinations for moderate/severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is unclear. The GLISTEN trial compared the efficacy of two long‐acting anti‐muscarinic antagonists (LAMA), when combined with an inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) and a long‐acting β2 agonist (LABA). METHODS: This randomised, blinded, placebo‐controlled trial in moderate/severe COPD patients compared once‐daily glycopyrronium (GLY) 50 µg, once‐daily tiotropium (TIO) 18 µg or placebo (PLA), when combined with salmeterol/fluticasone propionate (SAL/FP) 50/500 µg twice daily. The primary objective was to determine the non‐inferiority of GLY+SAL/FP versus TIO+SAL/FP on trough FEV1 after 12 weeks. An important secondary objective was whether addition of GLY to SAL/FP was better than SAL/FP alone. RESULTS: 773 patients (mean FEV1 57.2% predicted) were randomised; 84.9% completed the trial. At week 12, GLY+SAL/FP demonstrated non‐inferiority to TIO+SAL/FP for trough FEV1: least square mean treatment difference (LSMdiff) ‐7 mL (SE 17.4) with a lower limit for non‐inferiority of ‐60 mL. There was significant increase in week 12 trough FEV1 with GLY+SAL/FP versus PLA+SAL/FP (LSMdiff 101 mL, p<0.001). At 12 weeks, GLY+SAL/FP produced significant improvement in St George's Respiratory Questionnaire total score versus PLA+SAL/FP (LSMdiff ‐2.154, p=0.02). GLY+SAL/FP demonstrated significant rescue medication reduction versus PLA+SAL/FP (LSMdiff ‐0.72 puffs/day, p<0.001). Serious adverse events were similar for GLY+SAL/FP, TIO+SAL/FP and PLA+SAL/FP with an incidence of 5.8%, 8.5% and 5.8%, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: GLY+SAL/FP showed comparable improvements in lung function, health status and rescue medication to TIO+SAL/FP. Importantly, addition of GLY to SAL/FP demonstrated significant improvements in lung function, health status and rescue medication compared to SAL/FP. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: NCT01513460.
 Glycopyrronium once-daily significantly improves lung function and health status when combined with salmeterol/fluticasone in patients with COPD: the GLISTEN study-a randomised controlled trial;  Background The optimal use of various therapeutic combinations for moderate/severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is unclear. The GLISTEN trial compared the efficacy of two long‐acting anti‐muscarinic antagonists (LAMA), when combined with an inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) and a long‐acting β2 agonist (LABA). Methods This randomised, blinded, placebo‐controlled trial in moderate/severe COPD patients compared once‐daily glycopyrronium (GLY) 50 μg, once‐daily tiotropium (TIO) 18 μg or placebo (PLA), when combined with salmeterol/fluticasone propionate (SAL/FP) 50/500 μg twice daily. The primary objective was to determine the non‐inferiority of GLY+SAL/FP versus TIO+SAL/FP on trough FEV1 after 12 weeks. An important secondary objective was whether addition of GLY to SAL/FP was better than SAL/FP alone. Results 773 patients (mean FEV1 57.2% predicted) were randomised; 84.9% completed the trial. At week 12, GLY+SAL/FP demonstrated non‐inferiority to TIO+SAL/FP for trough FEV1: least square mean treatment difference (LSMdiff) ‐7 mL (SE 17.4) with a lower limit for non‐inferiority of ‐60 mL. There was significant increase in week 12 trough FEV1 with GLY+SAL/FP versus PLA+SAL/FP (LSMdiff 101 mL, p<0.001). At 12 weeks, GLY+SAL/FP produced significant improvement in St George's Respiratory Questionnaire total score versus PLA+SAL/FP (LSMdiff ‐2.154, p=0.02). GLY+SAL/FP demonstrated significant rescue medication reduction versus PLA+SAL/FP (LSMdiff ‐0.72 puffs/day, p<0.001). Serious adverse events were similar for GLY+SAL/FP, TIO+SAL/FP and PLA+SAL/FP with an incidence of 5.8%, 8.5% and 5.8%, respectively. Conclusions GLY+SAL/FP showed comparable improvements in lung function, health status and rescue medication to TIO+SAL/FP. Importantly, addition of GLY to SAL/FP demonstrated significant improvements in lung function, health status and rescue medication compared to SAL/FP.
 Once-daily tiotropium Respimat® add-on to maintenance therapy improves lung function in patients with moderate or severe symptomatic asthma, independent of T helper 2 inflammatory status;  Background: In many patients (pts) current asthma control is inadequate, resulting in impaired quality of life and increased risk of exacerbations. T helper 2 (TH2) immune response mediates allergic airway inflammation, may influence individual asthma expression, and is the target of many asthma treatments. Once‐daily tiotropium Respimat® add‐on to at least medium‐dose inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) ± long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA) maintenance therapy provides sustained lung function improvements in pts with symptomatic asthma. Pre‐specified analyses of pooled data from replicate Phase III, randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, parallel‐group trials were performed to assess whether tiotropium Respimat® treatment response was dependent on TH2 inflammatory status. Methods: Pts with severe symptomatic asthma (PrimoTinAasthma ®, n=912) from two 48‐week trials of tiotropium Respimat® 5 mg addon to high‐dose ICS (≥800 mg budesonide or equivalent) + LABA, and pts with moderate symptomatic asthma (MezzoTinA‐asthma®, n=2100) from two 24‐week trials of tiotropium Respimat® 5 mg or 2.5 mg or salmeterol add‐on to medium‐dose ICS (400‐800 mg budesonide or equivalent), were evaluated. Peak and trough forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) were assessed (pooled data) in the TH2‐low and TH2‐high subgroups according to baseline total serum IgE ≤ or >430 mg/L, blood eosinophils ≤ or >0.6×109/L, and clinical judgment of allergic asthma as “no” or “yes”. COPD was excluded. Results: 3012 pts were included in the treated set, with baseline demographics and disease characteristics balanced between treatment regimens and subgroups. Peak and trough FEV1 responses were improved with tiotropium Respimat® versus placebo, independent of total serum IgE level, blood eosinophil count, and clinical judgment of allergic asthma (Table). Safety and tolerability of tiotropium Respimat ® were balanced compared with placebo. Conclusion: Once‐daily tiotropium Respimat® add‐on to at least medium‐dose ICS ± LABA maintenance therapy provides sustained improvements in lung function, independent of TH2 inflammatory status, in pts with moderate or severe symptomatic asthma. Tiotropium Respimat® add‐on therapy may therefore be beneficial in both allergic and nonallergic asthma. (Table presented).
 Intrepid: clinical effectiveness of once-daily single-inhaler fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol versus multiple-inhaler triple therapy in usual clinical practice;  Rationale: In patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), use of multiple inhalers is associated with more errors and worse adherence than single‐inhaler regimens, which could result in worse outcomes. Real‐world effectiveness data on single‐inhaler versus multiple‐inhaler regimens on health status in COPD are lacking. We evaluated the impact of single‐inhaler fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) triple therapy versus multiple‐inhaler triple therapy (MITT; inhaled corticosteroid+long‐acting muscarinic antagonist+long‐acting β2‐agonist [ICS+LAMA+LABA] combination) on health status, measured using the COPD Assessment Test (CAT), over 24 weeks in usual clinical care in five European countries. Methods: INTREPID (NCT03467425), a randomized, open‐label, phase IV effectiveness study, enrolled patients with COPD who had continuously received non‐ELLIPTA maintenance therapy (MITT, or dual therapy with documented clinical indication for step‐up to triple therapy) for ≥16 weeks prior to randomization, CAT score ≥10, and ≥1 moderate/severe exacerbation in the prior 3 years. Patients were randomized to FF/UMEC/VI 100/62.5/25μg via ELLIPTA (FF/UMEC/VI cohort) or their clinician's choice of any ICS+LAMA+LABA combination in non‐ELLIPTA devices (MITT cohort) for 24 weeks; patients randomized to MITT who entered on triple therapy at study entry were to remain on their previous regimen. To minimize interventions and reflect usual clinical care, commercial study medication was prescribed and only 2 study visits were mandated. The primary endpoint was the proportion of CAT responders (≥2‐unit decrease in CAT score from baseline) at Week 24. Secondary endpoints in a subset were change from baseline in forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) and proportion of patients making ≥1 critical error in inhalation technique at 24 weeks. Safety was evaluated descriptively. Results: The intent‐to‐treat population comprised 3092 patients (FF/UMEC/VI N=1545; MITT N=1547). The odds of being a CAT responder at Week 24 were statistically significantly greater with FF/UMEC/VI than MITT (odds ratio 1.31; p<0.001) (Table). At Week 24, FF/UMEC/VI improved FEV1 change from baseline by 50 mL more than MITT (p<0.001) (Table). In total, 38/653 FF/UMEC/VI‐treated patients (6%) and 7/230 MITT‐treated patients (3%) made ≥1 critical error in inhalation technique at Week 24 (p=0.103; Table). Safety profiles were similar between the cohorts, with no new safety findings. On‐randomized treatment pneumonia serious adverse events occurred in 26 (2%) and 30 (2%) patients in the FF/UMEC/VI and MITT cohorts, respectively. Conclusions: In usual clinical care, treatment with single‐inhaler FF/UMEC/VI results in significantly more patients with health status improvements, and greater lung function benefit, versus MITT, with similar safety profiles.(Table Presented).
 Budesonide/Glycopyrrolate/Formoterol Fumarate Effects on Exacerbations of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease Based on Airflow Limitation: a Post-hoc Analysis of the KRONOS Study;  Rationale: In the Phase III KRONOS study, triple therapy with the inhaled corticosteroid (ICS)/long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA)/long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA) budesonide/glycopyrrolate/formoterol fumarate (BGF) significantly reduced moderate/severe exacerbation rates versus the LAMA/LABA glycopyrrolate/formoterol fumarate (GFF) in a population of patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). The majority (74%) of these patients had not experienced an exacerbation within the previous year. As exacerbation risk increases with worsening airflow limitation, this post‐hoc analysis evaluated exacerbation rates with BGF versus dual therapies in the KRONOS study based on airflow limitation. Methods: The KRONOS study (NCT02497001) was a double‐blind, multicenter, parallel‐group study in symptomatic patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD; patients were not required to have a history of COPD exacerbations in the preceding 12 months. Eligible patients were randomized (2:2:1:1) to treatment with BGF 320/18/9.6 μg, GFF 18/9.6 μg, and budesonide/formoterol fumarate (BFF) 320/9.6 μg via a metered‐dose inhaler and open‐label budesonide/formoterol fumarate 400/12 μg (BUD/FORM) via a dry‐powder inhaler. The rate of moderate/severe exacerbations, a secondary efficacy endpoint in the KRONOS study, was examined in patients from the modified intent‐to‐treat population (mITT; all patients with post‐randomization data obtained before treatment discontinuation) as a function of airflow limitation at baseline (moderate COPD [forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) 50‐80% predicted]; severe COPD [FEV1 30‐<50% predicted]; very severe COPD [FEV1 <30% predicted]). Due to the post‐hoc nature of the analyses, reported p‐values are not adjusted for multiplicity and are exploratory. Results: Of 1902 patients randomized in the KRONOS study, 1896 were included in the mITT population. The majority of patients in the mITT population had moderate or severe COPD (Table). Across all FEV1 subgroups, moderate/severe exacerbation rates were lower with BGF than with GFF (Table). Directional trends towards lower moderate/severe exacerbation rates were observed for BGF versus BFF, and for BGF versus BUD/FORM, in patients with severe and very severe FEV1 (Table). Conclusion: Triple ICS/LAMA/LABA therapy with BGF reduced exacerbation rates versus dual LAMA/LABA therapy, in a population not requiring an exacerbation history, even in those with less severe airflow limitation. These findings provide clinicians with additional evidence for consideration when selecting COPD treatment for patients. (Table Presented).
 Efficacy and safety of a fixed dose combination of Glycopyrronium/Formoterol/Fumarate/Fluticasone Propionate dry powder inhaler in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Glycopyrronium (12.5 ÃŽÂ¼g)/Formoterol Fumarate (12 ÃŽÂ¼g)/Fluticasone Propionate (250 ÃŽÂ¼g): One oral inhalation of the content of one capsule of G/FF/FP (12.5ÃŽÂ¼g/12ÃŽÂ¼g/250ÃŽÂ¼g) twice daily (in the morning and evening) using dry powder inhaler for 12 weeks. Control Intervention1: Formoterol Fumarate (12 ÃŽÂ¼g) and Fluticasone Propionate (250 ÃŽÂ¼g) (FF/FP) and Glycopyrronium (50 ÃŽÂ¼g) (G): One oral inhalation of the content of the capsule of FF/FP (12ÃŽÂ¼g/250ÃŽÂ¼g) twice‐daily (in the morning and evening) and One oral inhalation of the content of the capsule of Glycopyrronium (50ÃŽÂ¼g) once‐daily (in the morning) using dry powder inhaler for 12 weeks CONDITION: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, unspecified PRIMARY OUTCOME: Change from baseline in trough FEV1 at the end of 12 weeks of treatmentTimepoint: 12 weeks SECONDARY OUTCOME: Change from baseline in modified Medical Research Council (mMRC) scoreTimepoint: Week 12 Change from baseline in post‐dose FEV1 at week 12 of treatment.Timepoint: Week 12 Change from baseline in trough forced vital capacity (FVC)Timepoint: Week 12 Compliance with the study medicationTimepoint: 14 weeks Frequency of exacerbations in both the armsTimepoint: Week 0 to week 12 Frequency of hospitalization in both the armsTimepoint: Week 0 to Week 12 Number and percentage of patients with treatment emergent adverse events (TEAE)Timepoint: 14 Weeks Rescue medication use averagedTimepoint: Week 11 and week 12 INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Male or female, aged Ã¢?Â¥40 to Ã¢?Â¤75 years at the time of informed consent 2. Current or previous cigarette/beedi smokers with a history of cigarette or beedi smoking of at least 10 pack‐years [e.g., 20 cigarettes per day for 10 years, or 10 cigarettes per day for 20 years]. Previous smokers are defined as those who have stopped smoking for at least 6 months prior to Visit 1. 3. Diagnosis of COPD (as defined by the GOLD Guidelines, 2017) 4. Post‐bronchodilator FEV1/ FVC < 0.70 and post‐bronchodilator FEV1Ã¢?Â¥30% predicted and <80% predicted, at screening visit. 5. History of at least two exacerbations of COPD within 12 months before screening. 6. A modified Medical Research Council dyspnoea (mMRC) grade 2 or greater. 7. Patients using inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) with or without a long‐acting ÃŽÂ²2 agonist (LABA) (as a free or fixed combination), or ICS with long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA)
 The effect of tiotropium/olodaterol versus salmeterol/fluticasone on left ventricular function and lung hyperinflation in patients with COPD;  Rationale Cardiovascular (CV) disease is frequently found in patients with COPD. Left heart underfilling and reduced cardiac output are associated with hyperinflation in COPD. Combinations of long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA)/long‐acting ß2‐agonist (LABA) and of LABA/inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) have both been shown to reduce lung hyperinflation and improve left ventricular function versus placebo; however, LAMA/LABA treatment has not been compared with LABA/ICS in this context. The aim of the study is to explore the effect of tiotropium/olodaterol (T/O) versus fluticasone/salmeterol (F/S) on left ventricular function. METHODS This exploratory, randomized, double‐blind, double‐dummy, active‐controlled, Phase IV, crossover study (NCT03055988) evaluated the effect of 6 weeks' treatment with T/O 5/5μ g via the Respimat® versus F/S 1000/100μ g via the Accuhaler® in patients with COPD who were aged ≥40‐≤75 years, with a smoking history >10 pack‐years, forced expiratory volume in 1 second <70% predicted and lung hyperinflation at baseline (functional residual capacity [FRC] >120% predicted). Patients with some cardiac comorbidities were included. The primary endpoint was change from baseline in left ventricular end‐diastolic volume index (LVEDVI) in the 6th week of treatment, assessed by cardiac magnetic resonance imaging. RESULTS Overall, 76 patients were randomized in the study across nine sites. At Week 6, the adjusted mean change from baseline in LVEDVI was 2.317 mL/m2 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.061, 4.574) and 2.855 mL/m2 (95% CI: 0.597, 5.112) for T/O and F/S, respectively. There was no significant difference between T/O and F/S (treatment difference ‐0.537 mL/m2; 95% CI: ‐2.779, 1.705; P=0.6331). Hyperinflation (measured by FRC plethysmograph % predicted) was reduced from baseline by ‐10.2% with F/S, and there was a greater improvement with T/O of ‐18.2% from baseline. There was a between‐group difference of ‐8.0% (95% CI: ‐12.9, ‐3.1). CONCLUSIONS These data show that in a population with COPD and lung hyperinflation, 6 weeks' treatment with both T/O and F/S increased LVEDVI from baseline, but there was no significant difference between the two treatments. T/O treatment resulted in a significantly greater reduction in lung hyperinflation versus F/S.
 PRS6 HEALTHCARE RESOURCE UTILIZATION IN PATIENTS WITH SYMPTOMATIC COPD AND EXACERBATIONS IN CHILE: SUB-ANALYSIS OF THE IMPACT TRIAL;  Objectives: Information regarding chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)‐related healthcare resource utilization (HRU), particularly for moderate/severe patients from low‐ and middle‐income countries, is limited. Here we describe HRU outcomes for patients in Chile enrolled in IMPACT. Methods: IMPACT (NCT02164513), a 52‐week, phase III, global randomized controlled trial (N=10,355), evaluated fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) 100/62.5/25μg versus FF/VI 100/25μg or UMEC/VI 62.5/25μg in patients with symptomatic COPD and at least one exacerbation in the previous year. We describe demographics, clinical characteristics and HRU at baseline and during follow‐up for patients in Chile. Average HRU per patient and estimated HRU annual rates are described here for outpatient, inpatient, and emergency room visits. Results: IMPACT enrolled 371 patients in Chile, with similar demographics and clinical characteristics to the intent‐to‐treat (ITT) population, but with a higher baseline use of combination treatment with inhaled corticosteroid/long‐acting β2‐agonist (ICS/LABA, 61% versus 32% [a post‐hoc analysis]). Compared with the ITT population, fewer patients in Chile had severe exacerbations within the year prior to screening (16% versus 26% had 1 exacerbation; 1% versus 4% had ≥2 exacerbations), and a slightly higher proportion of moderate exacerbations (50% versus 47% had ≥2 moderate exacerbations). Overall, distributions were similar between arms. FF/UMEC/VI reduced on‐treatment moderate/severe exacerbations versus FF/VI or UMEC/VI in both Chile (47%, 55%, and 53%, respectively) and the ITT population (47%, 49%, and 50%, respectively). In Chile, on‐treatment HRU per patient per year, for office visits (0.64; 0.89; 0.71), emergency room visits (0.15; 0.19; 0.40), and mean number of days in the intensive care unit (0.07; 0.16; 0.15) was lowest with FF/UMEC/VI compared to FF/VI and UMEC/VI, respectively. Conclusions: On‐treatment exposure‐adjusted exacerbation rates were lower with FF/UMEC/VI compared with the dual therapies in both the Chilean and ITT populations. Similarly, COPD‐related HRU was lower with FF/UMEC/VI compared with the dual therapies for both populations.
 A Post-Hoc Analysis of the Effect of Smoking Status on COPD Exacerbation Reductions with Budesonide/Glycopyrrolate/Formoterol Fumarate in Patients with COPD in the ETHOS Study;  Rationale: Cigarette smoking is a leading cause of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). In the 52‐week ETHOS study (NCT02465567), fixed‐dose inhaled corticosteroid (ICS)/long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA)/long acting β2‐agonist (LABA) triple therapy with budesonide/glycopyrrolate/formoterol fumarate (BGF) reduced the rate of moderate or severe COPD exacerbations versus fixed‐dose dual therapy with the LAMA/LABA glycopyrrolate/formoterol fumarate (GFF) or the ICS/LABA budesonide/formoterol fumarate (BFF) in patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD. Current smokers have a higher risk of COPD exacerbations, and, it has been reported, may derive less treatment benefit from ICS (Sonnex K, et al. BMJ Open 2020;10:e037509). This post‐hoc analysis explored the effects of BGF versus GFF and BFF on exacerbations of COPD in current and former smokers in the ETHOS study. Methods: ETHOS was a multinational, randomized, double‐blind, parallel‐group study conducted in patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD who experienced ≥1 moderate or severe exacerbation in the previous year. Patients were randomized 1:1:1:1 to receive twice‐daily treatment with BGF 320/18/9.6 μg (BGF 320), BGF 160/18/9.6 μg, GFF 18/9.6 μg, or BFF 320/9.6 μg via a single metered dose Aerosphere inhaler. All patients had a smoking history of ≥10 pack‐years. The current post‐hoc analysis assessed annual rates of moderate or severe exacerbations and annual rates of severe exacerbations in subgroups of patients defined by smoking status at randomization using the modified intentionto‐ treat (mITT) population, which was defined as all randomized patients who received treatment and who had post‐randomization data. Results: Of 8509 patients included in the mITT population, 3495 were current smokers and 5014 were former smokers. BGF 320 reduced the annual rate of moderate or severe exacerbations versus dual therapy with GFF or BFF, regardless of smoking status (Table). The annual rate of severe exacerbations was also lower with BGF 320 versus dual therapies, although there were few events in these subgroups (Table). Conclusions: Fixed‐dose ICS/LAMA/LABA triple therapy with BGF 320 reduced the annual rate of moderate or severe COPD exacerbations versus fixed‐dose dual therapy with either LAMA/LABA or ICS/LABA in patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD regardless of smoking status. (Table Presented).
 Benefits of budesonide/glycopyrronium/formoterol fumarate dihydrate on lung function and exacerbations of COPD: a post-hoc analysis of the KRONOS study by blood eosinophil level and exacerbation history;  BACKGROUND: Japanese guidelines recommend triple inhaled corticosteroid (ICS)/long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA)/long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA) therapy in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and no concurrent asthma diagnosis who experience frequent exacerbations and have blood eosinophil (EOS) count ≥ 300 cells/mm3, and in patients with COPD and asthma with continuing/worsening symptoms despite receiving dual ICS/LABA therapy. These post‐hoc analyses of the KRONOS study in patients with COPD and without an asthma diagnosis, examine the effects of fixed‐dose triple therapy with budesonide/glycopyrronium/formoterol fumarate dihydrate (BGF) versus dual therapies on lung function and exacerbations based on blood EOS count ‐ focusing on blood EOS count 100 to < 300 cells/mm3 ‐ as a function of exacerbation history and COPD severity. METHODS: In KRONOS, patients were randomized to receive treatments that included BGF 320/14.4/10 µg, glycopyrronium/formoterol fumarate dihydrate (GFF) 14.4/10 µg, or budesonide/formoterol fumarate dihydrate (BFF) 320/10 µg via metered dose inhaler (two inhalations twice‐daily for 24 weeks). These post‐hoc analyses assessed changes from baseline in morning pre‐dose trough forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1) over 12‐24 weeks and moderate or severe COPD exacerbations rates over 24 weeks. The KRONOS study was not prospectively powered for these subgroup analyses. RESULTS: Among patients with blood EOS count 100 to < 300 cells/mm3, least squares mean treatment differences for lung function improvement favored BGF over BFF in patients without an exacerbation history in the past year and in patients with moderate and severe COPD, with observed differences ranging from 62 ml to 73 ml across populations. In this same blood EOS population, moderate or severe exacerbation rates were reduced for BGF relative to GFF by 56% in patients without an exacerbation history in the past year, by 47% in patients with moderate COPD, and by 50% in patients with severe COPD. CONCLUSIONS: These post‐hoc analyses of patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD from the KRONOS study seem to indicate clinicians may want to consider a step‐up to triple therapy in patients with persistent/worsening symptoms with blood EOS count > 100 cells/mm3, even if disease severity is moderate and there is no recent history of exacerbations. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov registry number NCT02497001 (registration date, 13 July 2015).
 Bone and ocular safety of budesonide/glycopyrrolate/formoterol fumarate metered dose inhaler in COPD: a 52-week randomized study;  BACKGROUND: Long‐term use of inhaled corticosteroids (ICSs) has been associated with increased risk of bone and ocular comorbidities. We evaluated the effects of the triple fixed‐dose combination budesonide/glycopyrrolate/formoterol fumarate metered dose inhaler (BGF MDI), formulated using co‐suspension delivery technology, on bone mineral density (BMD) and ocular safety in patients with moderate‐to‐very severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). METHODS: In this extension study, a subset of patients from the 24‐week, phase III, randomized, double‐blind KRONOS study (NCT02497001) continued treatment (BGF MDI 320/18/9.6 μg, budesonide/formoterol fumarate [BFF] MDI 320/9.6 μg or glycopyrrolate/formoterol fumarate [GFF] MDI 18/9.6 μg, as a non‐steroidal comparator) for an additional 28 weeks. Primary endpoints were percentage change from baseline in lumbar spine BMD and change from baseline in lens opacities classification system III posterior subcapsular cataract (P) score, both at Week 52. Adverse events were also assessed. RESULTS: In total, 456 patients were included in the safety population (53.1% male, mean age 62.8 years). Changes from baseline in lumbar spine BMD (least squares mean [LSM] range ‐ 0.12 to 0.38%) and P score (LSM range 0.02‐0.15) were small for all treatments. Both BGF MDI and BFF MDI were non‐inferior to GFF MDI using margins of ‐2% (BMD) and 0.5 units (P score). The incidence of treatment‐emergent adverse events (TEAEs)  was generally similar among groups. Rates of confirmed pneumonia were low overall (2.4%) and highest in the GFF MDI group (3.4%), followed by BGF MDI (2.1%) and BFF MDI (1.1%). There were no cumulative adverse effects of treatment over time as the incidence and types of TEAEs, were generally similar in the first 24 weeks of the study and after Week 24. CONCLUSIONS: In patients with COPD, both ICS‐containing therapies were non‐inferior to GFF MDI for the primary BMD and ophthalmological endpoints. Changes from baseline in all three treatment groups over 52 weeks were small and not clinically meaningful. All treatments were well tolerated with no new or unexpected safety findings. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT02536508. Registered 27 August 2015.
 Spirometric changes during exacerbations of COPD: a post hoc analysis of the WISDOM trial;  BACKGROUND: Exacerbations of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) are associated with loss of lung function and poor outcomes for patients. However, there are limited data on the time course of changes in forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1) preceding the first reported symptom and after the start of an exacerbation. METHODS: WISDOM was a multinational, randomized, double‐blind, active‐controlled, 52‐week study in patients with severe‐to‐very severe COPD. Patients received triple therapy (long‐acting muscarinic antagonist and long‐acting β2‐agonist/inhaled corticosteroid [ICS]) for 6 weeks, and were randomized to continue triple therapy or stepwise withdrawal of the ICS (dual bronchodilator group). After suitable training, patients performed daily spirometry at home using a portable, battery‐operated spirometer. In the present post hoc analysis, patients who continued to perform daily home spirometry and completed at least one measurement per week for a 56‐day period before and after the start of a moderate or severe exacerbation were included. Missing values were imputed by linear interpolation (intermittent), backfilling (beginning) or carry forward (end). Exacerbation onset was the first day of a reported symptom of exacerbation. RESULTS: Eight hundred and eighty‐eight patients in the WISDOM study had a moderate/severe exacerbation after the complete ICS withdrawal visit; 360 of them contributed at least one FEV1 measure per week for the 8 weeks before and after the event and are included in this analysis. Mean daily FEV1 began to decline from approximately 2 weeks before the onset of symptoms of an exacerbation, dropping from 0.907 L (mean Days ‐ 56 to ‐ 36 before the exacerbation) to 0.860 L on the first day of the exacerbation. After the exacerbation, mean FEV1 improved but did not return to pre‐exacerbation levels (mean Days 36‐56 after the exacerbation, 0.875 L). The pattern of FEV1 changes around exacerbations was similar in the triple therapy and dual bronchodilator groups, and a similar pattern was seen in moderate and severe exacerbations when analysed separately. CONCLUSIONS: Mean lung function starts to decline prior to the first reported symptoms of an exacerbation, and does not recover to pre‐exacerbation levels 8 weeks after the event. TRIAL REGISTRATION: WISDOM (ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT00975195 ).
 Mortality risk by exacerbation state in the ETHOS study;  Background: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) exacerbations, especially severe exacerbations characterised by hospitalisation, cause patients' health to worsen and can lead to the deterioration of existing comorbidities, and increased mortality. We assessed the time to death from progressive states of exacerbations using data from the recent Phase III ETHOS study (NCT02465567). (Figure presented) Methods: ETHOS evaluated the efficacy and safety of the inhaled corticosteroid/long‐acting muscarinic antagonist/long‐acting b2‐agonist (ICS/LAMA/LABA) fixed‐dose combination budesonide/glycopyrronium/formoterol fumarate dihydrate metered dose inhaler (BGF MDI) 320/14.4/10mg and 160/14.4/10mg versus the LAMA/LABA glycopyrronium/formoterol fumarate dihydrate (GFF) MDI 14.4/10mg and the ICS/LABA budesonide/formoterol fumarate dihydrate (BFF) MDI 320/10mg, administered over 52 weeks as two actuations twice‐daily via an Aerosphere inhaler, in patients with a history of exacerbations in the prior year. In this post‐hoc analysis, we present Kaplan‐Meier curves for time to death (cumulative incidence) from time of entry to 4 progressive exacerbation states arising post‐randomisation: i) no exacerbation, ii) 1 moderate exacerbation, iii) ≥2 moderate exacerbations, but no severe exacerbation and iv) ≥1 severe exacerbation. We evaluated the risk of dying during the time patients were in a specific state, censoring patients at the time of transition to another state or treatment discontinuation. Analysis, based on a time‐dependent Cox model, was performed to estimate the hazard ratio of dying during the severe exacerbation state versus in the absence of a severe exacerbation. Results: Risk of death was considerably higher after the occurrence of ≥1 severe exacerbation (figure 1); hazard ratio, 8.3 (95% CI, 5.6‐12.3); however, it was noted that only 32% of patients who died suffered a previous severe exacerbation during the study. Conclusion: The risk of dying after a severe exacerbation was higher than the risk before a severe exacerbation had occurred. Further research is needed to estimate the risk of patients transitioning from a moderate exacerbation state to a severe exacerbation state, and to understand whether there is a difference in the cause of death between patients who had a severe exacerbation versus those who had not. This analysis stresses the importance of appropriate clinical risk management, specifically for severe exacerbation prevention to lower the risk of mortality.
 Mortality risk by exacerbation state in the Ethos study;  Background Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) exacerbations, especially severe exacerbations characterised by hospitalisation, cause patients' health to worsen and can lead to the deterioration of existing comorbidities, and increased mortality. We assessed the time to death from progressive states of exacerbations using data from the recent Phase III ETHOS study (NCT02465567). Methods ETHOS evaluated the efficacy and safety of the inhaled corticosteroid/long‐acting muscarinic antagonist/longacting b2‐agonist (ICS/LAMA/LABA) fixed‐dose combination budesonide/glycopyrronium/formoterol fumarate dihydrate metered dose inhaler (BGF MDI) 320/14.4/10mg and 160/14.4/10mg versus the LAMA/LABA glycopyrronium/formoterol fumarate dihydrate (GFF) MDI 14.4/10mg and the ICS/LABA budesonide/formoterol fumarate dihydrate (BFF) MDI 320/10mg, administered over 52 weeks as two actuations twice‐daily via an Aerosphere™ inhaler, in patients with a history of exacerbations in the prior year. In this post‐hoc analysis, we present Kaplan‐Meier curves for time to death (cumulative incidence) from time of entry to 4 progressive exacerbation states arising post‐randomisation: I) no exacerbation, ii) 1 moderate exacerbation, iii)‐2 moderate exacerbations, but no severe exacerbation and iv)‐1 severe exacerbation. We evaluated the risk of dying during the time patients were in a specific state, censoring patients at the time of transition to another state or treatment discontinuation. Analysis, based on a time‐dependent Cox model, was performed to estimate the hazard ratio of dying during the severe exacerbation state versus in the absence of a severe exacerbation. Results Risk of death was considerably higher after the occurrence of‐1 severe exacerbation (figure 1); hazard ratio, 8.3 (95% CI, 5.6‐12.3); however, it was noted that only 32% of patients who died suffered a previous severe exacerbation during the study. Conclusion The risk of dying after a severe exacerbation was higher than the risk before a severe exacerbation had occurred. Further research is needed to estimate the risk of patients transitioning from a moderate exacerbation state to a severe exacerbation state, and to understand whether there is a difference in the cause of death between patients who had a severe exacerbation versus those who had not. This analysis stresses the importance of appropriate clinical risk management, specifically for severe exacerbation prevention to lower the risk of mortality.
 Lung function, pharmacokinetics, and tolerability of inhaled indacaterol maleate and acetate in asthma patients;  Background: Indacaterol maleate delivered with the Breezhaler® inhalation device is a long‐acting β2‐agonist approved for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. In the development of a once daily, inhaled fixed dose combination (FDC) of indacaterol, glycopyrronium bromide (a long‐acting muscarinic antagonist), and mometasone furoate (an inhaled corticosteroid [ICS]) for the treatment of patients with asthma, the acetate salt of indacaterol is used instead of the maleate salt. Here, we investigated the lung function, pharmacokinetics (PK) and safety of indacaterol maleate 150 μg once daily (o.d.) and indacaterol acetate 150 μg o.d. in comparison with placebo. Methods: This was a randomised, double‐blind, three‐period crossover study (ClinicalTrials.gov identifier, NCT03257995) in patients with asthma on background ICS therapy. Patients with percent predicted pre‐bronchodilator forced expiratory volume per second (FEV1) ≥50% and ≤ 90% were included in the study. Patients received indacaterol maleate 150 μg o.d., indacaterol acetate 150 μg o.d., or placebo on top of stable background ICS in randomised sequence. Trough FEV1 was assessed after 14 days of treatment. PK of indacaterol salts were assessed at steady state after 14 days of treatment; peak expiratory flow (PEF) rate and rescue medication use were collected with a combined PEF‐meter/electronic diary throughout the study. Results: Of the 54 adult patients (median age of 48 years), 51 patients completed the study. Both indacaterol salts demonstrated statistically significant improvements in trough FEV1 of 186 mL (maleate) and 146 mL (acetate) compared with placebo (both P < 0.001). FEV1 AUC0‐4h improved by 248 mL (maleate) and 245 mL (acetate), and PEF by 33 L/min (maleate) and 30.8 L/min (acetate) versus placebo. Systemic exposure of indacaterol (AUC0‐24h,ss and Cmax,ss on Day 14) was comparable after administration of both salt forms. Both salt forms demonstrated a good safety profile and were well tolerated, with a difference in the reporting frequency of AEs of coughing (maleate, 23.5%; acetate, 0%). Conclusions: In patients with asthma, indacaterol maleate and acetate elicited comparable and significant improvements in lung function compared with placebo and achieved comparable systemic exposure. Both indacaterol salts were safe and well tolerated. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT03257995 June 06, 2017
 Once-daily tiotropium respimat® add-on to ICS + LABA improves symptom control and reduces exacerbations in patients with symptomatic asthma;  Background We evaluated the effect of once‐daily tiotropium Respimat® 5 μg on lung function, asthma exacerbation and asthma symptom control among patients with symptomatic asthma receiving inhaled corticosteroids (ICS; ≥800 μg/day budesonide or equivalent) + long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA). Methods Data were pooled from two replicate, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, 48‐week, parallel‐group studies of once‐daily tiotropium 5 μg versus placebo, both delivered via the Respimat® SoftMist™ inhaler (PrimoTinA‐asthma®: NCT00772538, NCT00776984). Eligible patients had: ≥5‐year history of asthma diagnosed before the age of 40 years; seven‐question Asthma Control Questionnaire (ACQ‐7) score of ≥1.5; experienced ≥1 exacerbation during the previous year. Patients were either lifelong non‐smokers, or ex‐smokers (<10 pack‐years) who quit smoking ≥1 year before study enrolment. Exclusion criteria included diagnosis of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Co‐primary end points in individual trials: peak forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) within 3 h post‐dose (0‐3 h) and trough FEV1. A co‐primary end point in pooled data was time to first severe exacerbation; secondary end points included time to first episode of asthma worsening and ACQ‐7 response. Post hoc efficacy analyses were performed. Results 912 patients were randomised to receive tiotropium Respimat® (n = 456) or placebo Respimat® (n = 456). At Week 48, tiotropium Respimat® was associated with statistically significant improvements versus placebo Respimat® in peak FEV1(0‐3h) (adjusted mean difference 100 mL; 95% confidence interval: 52, 148; p < 0.0001) and trough FEV1 (adjusted mean difference 62 mL; 95% confidence interval: 18, 106; p = 0.006). Time to first severe asthma exacerbation was significantly longer with tiotropium Respimat® versus placebo Respimat® (282 vs 226 days, respectively; hazard ratio 0.79; p = 0.034), as was time to first episode of asthma worsening (315 vs 181 days, respectively; hazard ratio 0.69; p < 0.0001). At Week 24, ACQ‐7 responder rate was significantly higher with tiotropium Respimat® (53.9%) versus placebo Respimat® (46.9%; odds ratio 1.32; p = 0.0427). Conclusion Once‐daily tiotropium Respimat® add‐on to ICS + LABA improves lung function, reduces risk of severe asthma exacerbation and asthma worsening, and significantly improves asthma symptom control compared with placebo Respimat® in patients with symptomatic asthma.
 24-hour lung function response to tiotropium Respimat®add-on to maintenance therapy in symptomatic patients with moderate persistent asthma;  Background: Tiotropium Respimat® is a once‐daily long‐acting bronchodilator currently being investigated as a potential treatment option in asthma. Tiotropium Respimat® add‐on to medium‐dose inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) has previously been shown to improve both peak forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) within 3 hours post‐dosing (0‐3h) and trough FEV1, compared with placebo, in patients (pts) with moderate symptomatic asthma. Here we evaluate the degree to which these improvements in lung function are sustained over 24 hours in a subset of these pts. Methods: 24‐hour spirometric pulmonary function tests (PFTs) were performed on a subset of pts from two 24‐week, Phase III, randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, parallel‐group trials (MezzoTinA‐asthma®). Pts were required to be symptomatic (seven‐question Asthma Control Questionnaire score ≥1.5), to have pre‐bronchodilator FEV1 60‐90% of predicted, never to have smoked, or to be ex‐smokers for ≥1 year (with <10 pack‐years). Pts with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease were excluded. Pts received once‐daily tiotropium Respimat® 5 mg or 2.5 mg, salmeterol, or placebo, each as add‐on to medium‐dose ICS (400‐800 mg budesonide or equivalent) maintenance therapy. PFTs were performed at Week 24, 10 minutes pre‐and post‐dose and at intervals throughout the 24‐hour period. Results: Overall, 580 pts were included in the 24‐hour PFT subset (pooled data). At 24 weeks, tiotropium Respimat® 5 mg and 2.5 mg add‐on to medium‐dose ICS significantly improved lung function responses compared with placebo (Table), as did treatment with salmeterol. Results for all three active treatment arms were comparable versus placebo. Both doses of tiotropium Respimat® provided sustained and similar improvements in FEV1 at all time points throughout the 24‐hour dosing interval at Week 24. Safety and tolerability of tiotropium Respimat® were comparable with placebo. Conclusion: Once‐daily tiotropium Respimat® add‐on to medium‐dose ICS maintenance therapy provided significant and sustained improvements in lung function throughout the 24‐hour dosing interval in pts with moderate symptomatic asthma. These data support the previously reported improvements in both peak FEV1(0‐3h) and trough FEV1 in pts from the same studies following add‐on treatment with tiotropium Respimat®. (Table presented).
 The efficacy and safety of aclidinium/formoterol fixed-dose combination compared with salmeterol/fluticasone in patients with COPD: results from a phase III study;  RATIONALE: A twice‐daily (BID) fixed‐dose combination (FDC) of aclidinium bromide/formoterol fumarate is in clinical development for the treatment of COPD. The efficacy and safety of aclidinium/formoterol was compared with that of salmeterol/fluticasone propionate FDC in patients with symptomatic COPD. METHODS: In this randomized, double‐blind, double‐dummy, active‐controlled study, symptomatic patients (COPD Assessment Test [CAT] score ≥10) were randomized (1:1) to 24‐weeks treatment with aclidinium/formoterol 400/12 μg BID via Genuair®/Pressair®a or salmeterol/fluticasone 50/500 μg BID via Accuhaler®. Peak FEV at Week 24 was the primary efficacy endpoint. Other efficacy endpoints 1 included Peak FEV1 at each visit, Transition Dyspnoea Index (TDI) focal score and CAT score at Week 24 and the proportion of patients who experienced ≥1 exacerbation defined by healthcare resource utilization (HCRU) or identified using the EXAcerbations of Chronic pulmonary disease Tool (EXACT). Adverse events (AEs) and serious AEs (SAEs) were monitored throughout. RESULTS: In total, 933 patients were randomized (mean±standard deviation [SD] age 63.4±7.8 years; male 65.1%; mean±SD post‐bronchodilator FEV1 1.48±0.51 L; post‐bronchodilator FEV1 53.2±14.6% predicted) and 788 patients (84.5%) completed the study. Peak FEV1 was significantly greater with aclidinium/formoterol versus salmeterol/fluticasone after the first dose on Day 1 and this improvement was maintained at Week 24 (treatment differences of 83 mL and 93 mL, respectively; both p<0.0001; Table). Improvements in TDI focal score at Week 24 were similar with aclidinium/formoterol and salmeterol/fluticasone and were greater than the minimal clinically important difference (≥1 unit) with both treatments. There was also no significant difference between each group in CAT total score at Week 24 (Table). The proportion of patients who experienced ≥1 exacerbation was comparable between groups when assessed using either HCRU (odds ratio 0.95) or EXACT (odds ratio 0.94) (Table). The incidence of AEs, SAEs and AEs leading to study discontinuation was similar across groups (Table). AEs related to inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) use, including pneumonia and osteoporosis/osteopenia, were more common in patients receiving salmeterol/fluticasone than patients receiving aclidinium/formoterol (Table). CONCLUSIONS: In patients with stable COPD, aclidinium/formoterol FDC provided significantly greater improvements in bronchodilation compared with salmeterol/fluticasone FDC with equivalent benefits in symptom control and reduction in exacerbation risk. While both treatments were well tolerated, ICS‐related AEs were less common with aclidinium/formoterol. (Table Presented).
 Once-daily indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY) is more effective than twice-daily salmeterol/ fluticasone (SFC) in reducing exacerbations in COPD patients at a high risk of exacerbations: the flame study;  Background and Aims: The GOLD guidelines recommend long‐acting β2‐agonist/inhaled corticosteroid combination and/or a long‐acting muscarinic antagonist as the first‐line therapy in COPD patients at a high risk of exacerbations [GOLD 2016]. The FLAME study evaluated the effects of IND/GLY versus SFC on reducing exacerbations in COPD patients at a high risk of exacerbations1. Methods: In this 52‐week, multicenter, randomized, double‐blind, parallel‐group study, patients aged ≥40 years with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD (post‐bronchodilator FEV1 ≥ 25%‐ < 60%) and a history of ≥1 exacerbation in the previous year were randomized (1:1) to IND/GLY 110/50 μg once daily or SFC 50/500 μg twice daily. The primary endpoint was non‐inferiority of IND/GLY to SFC in terms of rate of all exacerbations, with testing for superiority pre‐specified if non‐inferiority was established. Results: Of 3362 randomized patients, 1680 received IND/GLY and 1682 received SFC. In addition to non‐inferiority, IND/GLY demonstrated superiority against SFC in reducing the annual rate of all exacerbations in both the per‐protocol population (rate ratio [RR]: 0.89; 95% CI: 0.83, 0.96; p = 0.003) and modified intention‐to‐treat population (mITT, RR: 0.88, 95% CI: 0.82, 0.94; p < 0.001) and moderate/severe exacerbations in mITT population (RR: 0.83; 95% CI: 0.75, 0.91; p < 0.001). Similar trends were observed with subgroup analyses by age, smoking status, exacerbation history, disease severity and previous use of ICS. Compared with SFC, IND/GLY significantly prolonged the time‐to‐first exacerbation and reduced the risk of all exacerbations (hazard ratio [HR]: 0.84, 95% CI: 0.78, 0.91; p < 0.001) and moderate/severe exacerbation (HR: 0.78, 95% CI: 0.70, 0.86; p < 0.001) in the mITT population. Conclusions: Indacaterol/glycopyrronium significantly reduced the rate and risk of exacerbations versus salmeterol/fluticasone and should be considered the preferred therapeutic choice for COPD patients at high risk of exacerbations.
 Long-Term Safety and Efficacy of Budesonide/Glycopyrrolate/Formoterol Fumarate Metered Dose Inhaler Formulated Using Co-Suspension Delivery Technology in Japanese Patients with COPD;  BACKGROUND: Budesonide/glycopyrrolate/formoterol fumarate metered dose inhaler (BGF MDI) is a triple fixed‐dose combination for COPD. The long‐term safety of triple therapy for COPD has not been investigated in Japanese patients. In this 28‐week extension study (NCT03262012), we investigated the long‐term safety and tolerability of BGF MDI in Japanese patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD who completed the 24‐week Phase III randomized, double‐blind, multicenter KRONOS study (NCT02497001). MATERIALS AND METHODS: Patients randomized to BGF MDI 320/18/9.6 μg, glycopyrrolate/formoterol fumarate (GFF) MDI 18/9.6 μg, budesonide/formoterol fumarate (BFF) MDI 320/9.6 μg, or budesonide/formoterol fumarate dry powder inhaler (BUD/FORM DPI) 400/12 μg twice‐daily in KRONOS continued treatment for up to 28 additional weeks. Safety was evaluated over 52 weeks via adverse event (AE) monitoring, electrocardiograms, clinical laboratory testing, and vital sign measurements. RESULTS: The safety population included 416 patients who received BGF MDI (n=139), GFF MDI (n=138), BFF MDI (n=70), or BUD/FORM DPI (n=69). Treatment‐emergent AE (TEAE) rates were similar across treatment groups (range: 82.6‐82.9%). The most frequent TEAEs overall were nasopharyngitis (32.2%) and bronchitis (9.9%). The incidence of major adverse cardiovascular events was low across groups (range: 0.0‐2.9%). Over 52 weeks, the incidence of confirmed pneumonia was 9.4% (BGF MDI), 3.6% (GFF MDI), 5.7% (BFF MDI), and 2.9% (BUD/FORM DPI); in the 28‐week extension period, rates were comparable across groups (range: 2.9‐5.7%). Six deaths were reported (0.7‐2.2% per group); none were considered treatment‐related. No clinically meaningful trends were observed in electrocardiograms, laboratory parameters, or vital signs over time in any of the treatment groups. CONCLUSION: All treatments were well tolerated over 52 weeks, and the safety profile of BGF MDI was generally comparable to dual long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA)/long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA) and inhaled corticosteroid (ICS)/LABA therapies. These findings support the long‐term tolerability of BGF MDI in Japanese patients with COPD.
 Persistent blood eosinophilia and copd exacerbation risk after ICS withdrawal from triple therapy in the sunset study;  Introduction/Aim: The role of blood eosinophilia as biomarker for the evaluation of exacerbation risk after direct inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) withdrawal from triple therapy has not been evaluated in non‐frequently exacerbating COPD patients. Methods: SUNSET, a 26‐week randomised trial, assessed ICS withdrawal from long‐term triple therapy to indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY) 110/50 μg once daily (o.d.) or continuation of triple therapy (tiotropium [Tio] 18 μg o.d. + salmeterol/fluticasone propionate [SFC] 50/500 μg twice daily [b.i.d.]) in 1053 non‐frequently exacerbating patients with moderate to severe COPD.1 Moderate/severe exacerbations were predefined secondary endpoints and blood eosinophils were measured at screening and baseline (randomisation) 4 weeks apart. Results: Annualised rates of moderate/severe COPD exacerbations did not differ between treatments in the overall population (rate ratio [RR] 1.08; 95% CI, 0.83 to 1.40). Only the minority of patients (16%) with consistently high blood eosinophils (≥300 cells/μL) at screening and randomisation had a strong trend for higher annualised rates of exacerbations (RR 1.85; 95% CI, 0.87 to 3.95) and decreased time‐to‐first exacerbation (hazard ratio [HR] 1.90; 95% CI, 0.92 to 3.89) with IND/GLY compared with TIO + SFC. Patients with eosinophil levels <300 cells/μL had a similar exacerbation risk (RR 1.06; 95% CI, 0.77 to 1.47) and timeto‐first exacerbation (HR 0.96; 95% CI, 0.70 to 1.33) with IND/GLY vs. TIO + SFC. Furthermore, patients with inconsistent eosinophilia (both <300 cells/μL and ≥300 cells/μL at screening vs. baseline) also had similar exacerbation risk (RR 0.96; 95% CI, 0.45 to 2.04) and time‐to‐first exacerbation (HR 1.09; 95% CI, 0.50 to 2.36) with IND/GLY vs. TIO + SFC. Conclusion: The direct ICS withdrawal from triple therapy may lead to increased risk of moderate/severe exacerbations in patients with consistently high blood eosinophils 4 weeks apart. Patients without eosinophilia or with intermittent eosinophilia did not present increased exacerbation risk.
 PRS3 HEALTHCARE RESOURCE UTILIZATION AND CHARACTERIZATION OF PATIENTS WITH MODERATE TO SEVERE COPD AND A HISTORY OF EXACERBATIONS: SUB-ANALYSIS OF ARGENTINIAN PATIENTS ENROLLED IN THE IMPACT STUDY;  Objectives: Limited information is available from low‐ and middle‐income countries describing moderate/severe COPD‐related healthcare resource utilization (HRU). We describe HRU for Argentinian subjects enrolled in IMPACT. Methods: IMPACT (NCT02164513), a 52‐week, phase III, global study (N=10,355), evaluated fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) versus FF/VI or UMEC/VI in patients with moderate/severe COPD and history of exacerbations. We described demographic, clinical characteristics and HRU at baseline and during follow‐up for Argentinian subjects. Average HRU per subject and estimated HRU annual rates are described for outpatient, inpatient and emergency room visits. Results: 972 subjects enrolled from Argentina had similar demographic and clinical characteristics to the intention‐to‐treat (ITT) population, but higher use of combinations with inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) (90% vs. 77%) at baseline, mostly ICS + long‐acting □2‐agonist (67% vs. 32%) (a post‐hoc summary). Lower proportion of Argentinian subjects had severe exacerbations within the previous year to screening and a higher proportion of moderate exacerbations versus ITT (8% vs. 26% for ≥1; 1% vs. 4% for ≥2); 63% of subjects had ≥2 moderate exacerbations versus 47% of the ITT population. Consistently, lower rates of on‐treatment moderate/severe exacerbations were observed in Argentina, FF/UMEC/VI (0.65) versus FF/VI (0.74) or UMEC/VI (0.76), compared with the ITT population [(FF/UMEC/VI (0.92) versus FF/VI (1.05) or UMEC/VI (1.15)]. Generally, lower rates of COPD‐related HRU were observed in the Argentinian population versus ITT, except for days spent in the intensive care unit [FF/UMEC/VI (0.21) versus FF/VI (0.18) or UMEC/VI (0.28) vs. ITT: FF/UMEC/VI (0.14) versus FF/VI (0.12) or UMEC/VI (0.19). Consistently, FF/UMEC/VI had fewer emergency room visits, and lower or similar outpatient visits compared to dual combinations in both groups. Conclusions: On‐treatment exposure‐adjusted exacerbation rates were lower with FF/UMEC/VI compared with dual therapy in both Argentinian and ITT populations. Similarly, COPD‐related HRU was lower with FF/UMEC/VI compared with dual therapy for both populations.
 HISTORIC Study: a Randomized, Placebo- Controlled, Double-Blind, Investigator-Initiated Trial for the Use of Airway Smooth Muscle Area to Predict Response to Triple Therapy in COPD;  Introduction: Inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) are highly effective in asthma however, they provide significant but modest clinical benefit in COPD patients. In a previous pilot study, we have shown that 39% of COPD patients present high area of airway smooth muscle cells (ASMC) (>20%), a feature that is welldescribed in asthma. In the present study we tested the hypothesis that high ASMC area in COPD is associated to steroid responsiveness. Method: 201 COPD patients (65 females, GOLD stage B‐D, ≤1 exacerbation in the previous year) were divided in 2 groups with high (>20%) (HASMC) and with low (≤20%) ASMC mass (LASMC) based on histological analysis of endobronchial biopsies. All patients followed a run‐in period of 6 weeks on open‐label triple inhaled therapy with aclidinium (ACL, 400 mcg/bid), formoterol (FOR, 12mcg/bid) and budesonide (BUD, 400 mcg/ bid). Subsequently, patients from each group were randomized (1:1) to receive either ACL/FOR/BUD or ACL/FOR/Placebo. The primary end point of the study was the difference in post‐bronchodilator FEV1 at 12 months between patients with LASMC and HASMC receiving or not ICS. Results: In COPD patients with LASMC, ACL/FOR/BUD did not significantly improve FEV1 overtime, as compared to ACL/ FOR/placebo [adjusted mean (95% CI): ‐0.110 ml/day (‐0.310 to 0.091) and ‐0.248 (‐0.454 to 0.042), respectively], p=0.675. In patients with HASMC, however, ACL/FOR/BUD significantly improved FEV1 overtime, as compared to ACL/FOR/placebo [0.187 ml/day (‐0.075 to 0.449) and ‐0.314 (‐0.569 to ‐0.059), respectively], p=0.020. Over 12 months, the difference of FEV1 change between the groups of ACL/FOR/BUD and ACL/FOR/ placebo was 0.138 ml/day (50.4 ml/year) for patients with LASMC (p=0.138) and 0.501 ml/day (182.9 ml/year) for patients with HASMC (p=0.020). Conclusion: COPD patients with HASMC respond better to ICS than COPD patients with LASMC mass, suggesting that this type of histological analysis may predict steroid responsiveness in COPD patients receiving triple therapy.
 Lung-function profile before and after the first moderate to severe exacerbation during the wisdom study;  Rationale The WISDOM study (NCT00975195) showed no increased risk of exacerbation when inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) was withdrawn stepwise in patients with severe COPD on LAMA +LABA maintenance therapy versus continued LAMA+LABA +ICS.1 Daily home spirometry measured the time course of lungfunction changes throughout the study. The aim of this post hoc analysis was to address the lung‐function profile leading up to, during and following the first moderate‐to‐severe exacerbation. Methods WISDOM was a multinational, randomised, doubleblind study.1 Patients with severe to very severe COPD entered a 6‐week run‐in with LAMA+LABA+ICS (tiotropium 18 μg once daily; salmeterol 50 μg twice daily; fluticasone propionate 500 μg twice daily), and were randomised to continue LAMA+LABA +ICS or salmeterol/tiotropium for 52 weeks while discontinuing ICS in a stepwise manner over 12 weeks. On‐treatment daily forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) change from baseline was calculated before and after the first moderate‐to‐severe exacerbation. In this post hoc analysis, we included patients who experienced a moderate‐to‐severe exacerbation after the ICSwithdrawal visit, did not have an exacerbation in the 8 weeks before or after the exacerbation, and had daily home‐measured FEV1 data available for every week analysed. Results Of 2488 patients, 262 experienced a moderate‐to‐severe exacerbation after the ICS‐withdrawal visit and had lung‐function data for every week. For all patients combined (ICS and ICS withdrawal), change in FEV1 remained relatively stable 56‐14 days before the first moderate‐to‐severe exacerbation (mean FEV1 change from baseline values: 0.04 to 0.07 L) (Figure). There was a decline in lung function starting 2‐3 weeks before exacerbation (FEV1 change value of 0.12 L from baseline), followed by a moderate improvement over ∼14 days. Post‐exacerbation lung function did not reach pre‐exacerbation levels. Conclusions Lung function was relatively stable in both treatment groups. Home spirometry measurements showed a marked decline in FEV1 prior to moderate‐to‐severe exacerbation with improvements seen post‐exacerbation, although not to pre‐exacerbation levels. These findings support the usefulness of home spirometry to predict exacerbations and to indicate subsequent worsening of lung function resulting from a previous COPD exacerbation. (Table Presented).
 TWICS - Theophylline with Inhaled Corticosteroids;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Theophylline Product Name: Theophylline Pharmaceutical Form: Prolonged‐release tablet INN or Proposed INN: Theophylline CAS Number: 58‐55‐9 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 200‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Tablet Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) ; MedDRA version: 16.0 Level: PT Classification code 10009033 Term: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease System Organ Class: 10038738 ‐ Respiratory, thoracic and mediastinal disorders Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: The primary objective is to determine whether adding low‐dose theophylline to existing treatment (inhaled corticosteroid therapy) in patients who have chronic obstructive pulmonary disease will reduce the number of exacerbations (or flare‐ups) of the condition. If the treatment is effective, we will also assess whether it is cost effective. Primary end point(s): The primary clinical outcome measure will be the total number of exacerbations of COPD necessitating changes in management (minimum management change ‐ use of oral corticosteroids and/or antibiotics) during the one year treatment period, as reported by the participant. The primary economic outcome measure will be cost‐per‐QALY gained during the one year treatment period. Secondary Objective: The secondary research objectives are to compare: ‐ hospital admissions with a primary diagnosis of exacerbation of COPD ‐ emergency hospital admissions ‐ lung functon ‐ all‐cause and respiratory mortality ‐ drug reactions and serious adverse events ‐ health related quality of life ‐ disease specific health status ‐ total inhaled corticosteroid dose/useage ‐ heath care utilisiation ‐ incremental cost‐per‐exacerbation avoided ‐ lifetime cost effectiveness based on extrapolation modelling ‐ modelled lifetime incemental cost per Quality Adjusted Life Year Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Approximately 12 months after entry into the trial. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): • Total number of COPD exacerbations requiring hospital admission. • Total number of emergency hospital admissions (all causes). • Post bronchodilator lung function (FEV1, FVC). • All‐cause and respiratory mortality. • Serious adverse events, adverse reactions. • Total dose of inhaled corticosteroid. • Utilisation of primary or secondary health care for respiratory events • Disease specific health status using the COPD Assessment Test (CAT). • The Hull Airways Reflux Questionnaire (HARQ) will be used at some sites to collect data on respiratory and GI symptoms. • Generic health related quality of life using EuroQoL 5D (EQ‐5D) Index. • Modelled lifetime incremental cost per Quality Adjusted Life Year. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Approximately 12 months after entry into the trial. INCLUSION CRITERIA: • Aged = 40 years. • A smoking history of at least 10 pack years. • An established predominant respiratory diagnosis of COPD (post bronchodilator FEV1/FVC<0.7). • Current use of ICS therapy (irrespective of LABA and/or LAMA use). • A history of at least two exacerbations requiring treatment with antibiotics and/or oral corticosteroid use in the previous year, based on patient report. • Clinically stable with no COPD exacerbation for at least 4 weeks. • Able to swallow study medication. • Able and willing to give informed consent to participate. • Able and willing to participate in the study procedures; undergo spirometric assessment, complete study questionnaire. Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: 0 F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range 700 F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range 724
 Single-inhaler triple therapy fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol improves lung function and symptoms compared with tiotropium monotherapy in patients with symptomatic chronic obstructive pulmonary disease at risk of exacerbations;  Rationale: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) treatment guidelines recommend stepwise escalation from monotherapy (long‐acting muscarinic antagonist [LAMA] or long‐acting ß2‐agonist [LABA]) to dual therapy (LAMA/LABA or inhaled corticosteroid [ICS]/LABA) to triple therapy (ICS/LAMA/LABA) based on symptoms and exacerbations. However, despite its occurrence in clinical practice, recommendations for escalation from monotherapy directly to triple therapy are missing from treatment guidelines, owing to modest availability of evidence. Methods: Study 207626 was a Phase IV, 12‐week, randomized, double‐blind, double‐dummy, parallel group, multicenter study in patients with symptomatic (COPD Assessment Test [CAT] score ≥10) COPD and post‐bronchodilator forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) <50% predicted (or FEV1 <80% predicted and ≥2 moderate or 1 severe exacerbation in the prior year) receiving tiotropium (TIO) maintenance therapy alone for ≥3 months prior to screening. Patients were randomized 1:1 to once‐daily single‐inhaler fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI, 100/62.5/25μg) via Ellipta or once‐daily TIO 18μg via HandiHaler. Primary endpoint was trough FEV1 change from baseline (CFB) at Week 12. Secondary endpoint was trough FEV1 CFB at Week 4. Other endpoints included CFB in St George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) total score and CAT score, proportion of responders (SGRQ total score ≥4.0‐unit decrease or CAT score ≥2.0‐unit decrease) at Week 12, and on‐treatment moderate/severe exacerbations. Safety was also assessed. Results: The intent‐to‐treat population comprised 800 patients (FF/UMEC/VI, n=400; TIO, n=400). The study met its primary and secondary endpoints. Compared with TIO, FF/UMEC/VI statistically significantly improved mean trough FEV1 CFB at Week 12 (treatment difference: 87mL; P<0.001) and Week 4 (122mL; P<0.001) (Table). At Week 12, mean CFB in SGRQ total score and CAT score and proportion of SGRQ responders were significantly higher with FF/UMEC/VI versus TIO (Table). There were no significant differences seen for CAT responders (Table). Overall, 27 (7%) and 43 (11%) patients experienced on‐treatment moderate/severe exacerbations with FF/UMEC/VI and TIO, respectively. In the FF/UMEC/VI and TIO groups, 127 (32%) and 115 (29%) patients reported adverse events (AEs); 13 (3%) and 10 (3%) reported serious AEs, respectively. Pneumonia occurred in 3 (<1%) patients in each group. Conclusions: Once‐daily single‐inhaler triple therapy FF/UMEC/VI provided significant improvements in lung function over TIO monotherapy with a similar safety profile, including pneumonia incidence. Significant improvements in health status were seen for most endpoints. These results indicate that FF/UMEC/VI is a viable step‐up option for improving outcomes in patients with symptomatic COPD at risk of exacerbations currently receiving LAMA monotherapy. (Table Presented).
 Dose-ranging effects of glycopyrronium bromide (GB) delivered via a pressurized metered dose-inhaler (PMDI) on lung function in subjects with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD): the glimmer study;  Rationale: As part of the US development of the single‐inhaler triple therapy BDP/FF/GB {extrafine beclomethasone dipropionate (BDP), formoterol fumarate (FF), glycopyrronium bromide (GB)}, clinical dose‐confirmation of each individual component is required. The GLIMMER study characterized the dose‐response of GB, the long‐acting muscarinic receptor antagonist component of BDP/FF/GB in subjects with COPD. Methods: This was a phase II, multicenter, randomized, double‐blind, placebo and active‐controlled, parallel group, doseranging study. Subjects 40 years or older with symptomatic COPD, a post‐bronchodilator FEV1 ≥ 40% and <80% of predicted normal value, a FEV1/FVC ratio < 0.7 and reversibility (ΔFEV1 ≥ 5%) to inhaled ipratropium bromide 84 μg were recruited. Following a 2‐week run‐in period where subjects on prior inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) were switched to a therapeutically equivalent dose of QVAR® (BDP) pMDI 80 ‐ 160 μg bid and were allowed to take albuterol as needed, eligible subjects were randomized to receive 6 weeks of twice‐daily treatment with GB pMDI 12.5, 25, 50 or 100 μg/day, placebo pMDI, or open‐label once‐daily tiotropium bromide inhalation powder (TIO) 18 μg/day. The primary endpoint was change from baseline in FEV1 AUC0‐12h normalized by time at week 6. Secondary endpoints included change from baseline in trough FEV1 at week 6 and FEV1 peak0‐4h at Day 1. Linear mixed model for repeated measurements was used to compare each active treatment to placebo with adjustment for multiplicity made via parametric simulation for the primary efficacy variable. Safety was assessed. Results: 732 subjects (50.1% Females; 76.0% on concomitant ICS) were randomized and treated. Baseline characteristics were comparable across all treatment groups, with overall mean (SD) age of 64.7 (9.0) years, baseline post‐bronchodilator FEV1 59.4 (9.5) % predicted and reversibility of 19.8% (12.6). Statistically significant (p<0.05) improvements from baseline vs placebo were observed with GB 12.5, 25, 50 and 100 μg/day doses in FEV1 AUC0‐12h at week 6 (0.068, 0.116, 0.153, 0.147 L, respectively). Statistically significant (p<0.05) effects on trough FEV1 at week 6 was observed with the 3 highest doses, and FEV1 peak0‐4h at Day 1 surpassed 0.100 L only with the 50 and 100 μg doses. There was no dose‐dependent trend in treatment‐emergent adverse events. Conclusion: Dose‐dependent bronchodilation was seen with escalating doses of GB from 12.5 up to 100 μg/d, with the GB 50 μg total daily dose showing the optimal efficacy/safety ratio and supporting its selection for the BDP/FF/GB single‐inhaler triple therapy program.
 InforMing the pathway of COPD treatment (The IMPACT study): single inhaler triple therapy (fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol) versus fluticasone furoate/vilanterol and umeclidinium/vilanterol in patients with COPD: an analysis based on baseline COPD medication use;  Rationale: The 52‐week, randomized, double‐blind, multicenter IMPACT study compared fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) 100/62.5/25mcg with FF/VI 100/25mcg and UMEC/VI 62.5/25mcg in patients aged ≥40 years with symptomatic chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and a history of exacerbations (N=10,355). The primary endpoint was annual on‐treatment moderate/severe exacerbation rate. Here we present analyses based on COPD medication use at screening. Methods: Post hoc analyses of annual moderate/severe and severe exacerbation rates, lung function (trough forced expiratory volume in 1 second [FEV1], Week 52) and health‐related quality of life (St George's Respiratory Questionnaire [SGRQ], Week 52) were conducted for FF/UMEC/VI versus UMEC/VI and FF/VI in the following COPD medication subgroups (defined by use within 3 days prior to screening): inhaled corticosteroid+long‐acting muscarinic antagonist+long‐acting β2‐agonist (ICS+LAMA+LABA), LAMA+LABA, ICS+LABA, and LAMA. The study was not powered to analyze between‐treatment differences in these outcomes by subgroups. Exacerbation rates were analyzed using a generalized linear model assuming negative binomial distribution. Trough FEV1 and SGRQ were analyzed using a repeated measures model. Results: In all treatment arms, annual moderate/severe exacerbation rates varied with therapy at screening (Figure). In patients on ICS+LAMA+LABA or ICS+LABA at screening, FF/UMEC/VI significantly reduced annual moderate/severe exacerbation rates versus FF/VI and UMEC/VI (Figure). In patients on LAMA+LABA at screening, FF/UMEC/VI significantly reduced annual moderate/severe exacerbation rates versus FF/VI; a reduction was also seen versus UMEC/VI but was not statistically significant (Figure). There were no statistically significant differences in annual moderate/severe exacerbation rates with FF/UMEC/VI versus both comparators in patients on LAMA at screening (Figure). Significant reductions in annual severe exacerbation rates were seen with FF/UMEC/VI versus both comparators in patients on ICS+LAMA+LABA at screening, and versus UMEC/VI in patients on ICS+LABA at screening; other comparisons were not statistically significant. Significant improvements in lung function were seen with FF/UMEC/VI versus both comparators regardless of COPD medication use at screening. FF/UMEC/VI significantly improved SGRQ versus both comparators in patients on ICS+LAMA+LABA or ICS+LABA at screening, and versus FF/VI in patients on LAMA at screening; SGRQ results were in favor of FF/UMEC/VI for other comparisons but not statistically significant. Conclusions: Benefits of FF/UMEC/VI versus FF/VI and UMEC/VI were demonstrated across several COPD endpoints in patients on ICS+LAMA+LABA or ICS+LABA at screening, consistent with the overall intent‐to‐treat population results. Benefits were also seen in patients on LAMA/LABA at screening for FF/UMEC/VI versus FF/VI, while no significant between‐treatment differences were observed in patients on LAMA at screening.
 Frequent Productive Cough in COPD Patients Without Exacerbation History Is Associated With Increased Risk of Exacerbations and a Treatment Benefit From Budesonide/Glycopyrrolate/Formoterol Fumarate: a Post Hoc Analysis of Kronos;  Rationale: Frequent productive cough (FPC) is associated with increased risk of future chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) exacerbations (Hughes et al. Respir Med 2022:200;106921). In the KRONOS study, inhaled corticosteroid (ICS)/longacting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA)/long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA) triple therapy with budesonide/glycopyrrolate/formoterol fumarate (BGF) significantly reduced moderate/severe exacerbation rates versus dual LAMA/LABA therapy with glycopyrrolate/formoterol fumarate (GFF) in patients with COPD. As most patients (74%) in KRONOS had not reported an exacerbation in the previous year, this post‐hoc analysis assessed the relevance of baseline FPC to BGF treatment benefits on COPD exacerbations in patients without a recent exacerbation history. Methods: KRONOS (NCT02497001) was a 24‐week, double‐blind, parallel‐group, multi‐center, Phase III, randomized, controlled study in symptomatic patients (COPD Assessment Test questionnaire [CAT] ≥10) with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD; patients were not required to have a history of COPD exacerbations in the preceding 12 months. Patients were randomized 2:2:1:1 to receive BGF 320/18/9.6 μg, GFF 18/9.6 μg, or budesonide/formoterol fumarate dihydrate (BFF) 320/9.6 μg via metered‐dose inhaler, or open‐label budesonide/formoterol fumarate 400/12 μg via dry powder inhaler (BUD/FORM) as two inhalations twice‐daily for 24 weeks. The rate of moderate/severe COPD exacerbations, a secondary efficacy endpoint, was examined in patients with no recent history of exacerbations and FPC at baseline using the modified intention‐to‐treat population (mITT; all patients with post‐randomization data obtained before treatment discontinuation). Patients were classified as having FPC if they scored ≥2 for both cough and sputum on the CAT questionnaire. Reported p‐values are unadjusted for multiplicity and provided for informational purposes only. Analyses of BGF treatment effects in patients without FPC at baseline are not reported. Results: Of 1902 patients randomized in KRONOS, 1896 were included in the mITT population. For patients without a history of recent COPD exacerbations (n=1411), across treatment arms 64%‐71% of patients (68% overall) had FPC at baseline (Table). Exacerbation rates were >1.9‐fold higher in those with FPC versus without FPC across all treatment arms (BGF, 0.47 [n=333] vs 0.15 [n=136]; GFF, 0.79 [n=320] vs 0.42 [n=153]; BFF, 0.45 [n=162] vs 0.19 [n=73]; BUD/FORM, 0.67 [n=150] vs 0.07 [n=84]). Among patients with baseline FPC, treatment benefits for BGF versus GFF were observed (Table). Discussion: In KRONOS, FPC identified those at higher exacerbation risk in the absence of a recent history of exacerbations, and such patients have lower exacerbation rates with BGF vs GFF. (Table Presented).
 EFFECT OF ONCE-DAILY SINGLE-INHALER FLUTICASONE FUROATE/UMECLIDINIUM/VILANTEROL TRIPLE THERAPY ON SEVERE EXACERBATION RATES COMPARED WITH TWICE-DAILY BUDESONIDE/FORMOTEROL DUAL THERAPY IN PATIENTS WITH COPD: a POST HOC ANALYSIS OF THE FULFIL STUDY;  TOPIC: Obstructive Lung Diseases TYPE: Original Investigations PURPOSE: FULFIL evaluated once‐daily fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) triple therapy versus twice‐daily budesonide/formoterol (BUD/FOR) inhaled corticosteroid/long‐acting β2‐agonist (ICS/LABA) dual therapy in patients with symptomatic chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) who were at risk of exacerbations. FULFIL showed clinically meaningful and statistically significant improvements in lung function and health‐related quality of life, as well as reductions in moderate/severe exacerbation annualized rates in patients receiving FF/UMEC/VI versus those receiving BUD/FOR. Severe exacerbations place a high clinical and financial burden on both patients and healthcare systems. This post hoc analysis examined treatment effects on severe exacerbation rates in the FULFIL study. METHODS: FULFIL was a Phase 3, randomized, double‐blind, double‐dummy trial in 1810 patients ≥40 years of age with symptomatic COPD (COPD Assessment Test score ≥10) and forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1) <50% predicted or FEV1 ≥50–<80% predicted and ≥2 moderate or ≥1 severe exacerbation in the past year. Patients were randomized to 24 weeks of treatment with once‐daily FF/UMEC/VI 100/62.5/25μg (ELLIPTA inhaler; N=911) or twice‐daily BUD/FOR 400/12μg (Turbuhaler inhaler; N=899). A subset of the population remained on treatment for up to 52 weeks to obtain additional long‐term data (extension [EXT] population: FF/UMEC/VI n=210, BUD/FOR n=220). On‐treatment severe (hospitalized) exacerbation rates over 24 and 52 weeks were evaluated in the intent‐to‐treat (ITT) and EXT populations using a generalized linear model assuming a negative binomial distribution. RESULTS: Patient characteristics were similar between the ITT and the EXT populations. Up to Week 24, 12 (1%) patients on FF/UMEC/VI and 22 (2%) patients on BUD/FOR experienced severe exacerbations; numbers up to Week 52 were 5 (2%) and 20 (9%), respectively. FF/UMEC/VI reduced severe exacerbation rates vs BUD/FOR by 51% (mean annualized rate 0.029 vs 0.059, respectively; rate ratio: 0.49 [95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.24, 1.03]; p=0.061) up to Week 24 and by 67% (mean annualized rate 0.037 vs 0.112, respectively; rate ratio: 0.33 [95% CI: 0.13, 0.85]; p=0.021) up to Week 52. CONCLUSIONS: The results from this post hoc analysis suggest that once‐daily single‐inhaler FF/UMEC/VI triple therapy reduces severe exacerbation rates compared with twice‐daily BUD/FOR dual therapy, by 51% (Week 24) and 67% (Week 52), in patients with symptomatic COPD at risk of exacerbations. CLINICAL IMPLICATIONS: These results highlight the potential benefits of once‐daily single‐inhaler FF/UMEC/VI triple therapy over twice‐daily ICS/LABA dual therapy in reducing the clinical and economic burden caused by severe exacerbations in this patient population. Funding: GSK (CTT116853/NCT02345161). DISCLOSURES: Employee relationship with GSK Please note: 2017 to current Added 04/23/2021 by Mohan Bangalore, source=Web Response, value=Stocks Consultant relationship with AstraZeneca Please note: Dec 2019 Added 04/23/2021 by Carlos Camargo, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Scientific Medical Advisor relationship with AstraZeneca Please note: 2020 Added 04/26/2021 by Carlos Camargo, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Scientific Medical Advisor relationship with Sanofi Please note: 2020 Added 04/26/2021 by Carlos Camargo, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with gsk Please note: 2020‐present Added 04/23/2021 by Tariq Cheema, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with Grifols Please note: 2 years Added 04/27/2021 by Sherif El Bayadi, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with GSK Please note: 10 years Added 04/27/2021 by Sherif El Bayadi, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with Sanofi Genzyme Please note: 3 years Added 04/27/2021 by Sherif El Bayadi, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with Mylan Theravance Please note: 3 years Added 04/27/2021 by Sherif El Bayadi, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with Janssen Please note: 1 year Added 04/27/2021 by Sherif El Bayadi, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with United Theraputics Please note: 10 years Added 04/27/2021 by Sherif El Bayadi, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with Bayer Please note: 6 years Added 04/27/2021 by Sherif El Bayadi, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with Mallinckrodt Please note: 5 years Added 04/27/2021 by Sherif El Bayadi, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria No relevant relationships by Stanley Fiel, source=Web Response Employee relationship with GSK Please note: July 2017‐ current Added 04/26/2021 by Renu Jain, source=Web Response, value=Salary Employee relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: >$100000 by David Lipson, source=Web Response, value=Salary Employee relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: APR2000 to current Added 04/26/2021 by Dawn Midwinter, source=Web Response, value=Salary Stockholder relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: Ongoing Added 04/26/2021 by Dawn Midwinter, source=Web Response, value=stocks/shares Advisory Committee Member relationship with AstraZeneca Please note: 24 months Added 04/21/2021 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Consultant relationship with AstraZeneca Please note: 24 months Added 04/21/2021 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with AstraZeneca Please note: 24 months Added 04/21/2021 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Advisory Committee Member relationship with RIFM Please note: 24 months Added 04/21/2021 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Consultant relationship with RIFM Please note: 24 months Added 04/21/2021 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Consultant relationship with Equillium Please note: 24 months Added 04/21/2021 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Advisory Committee Member relationship with Equillium Please note: 24 months Added 04/21/2021 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Advisory Committee Member relationship with Genetech Please note: 24 months Added 04/21/2021 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with Genetech Please note: 24 months Added 04/21/2021 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with Sanofi/Regeneron Please note: 24 months Added 04/21/2021 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Consultant relationship with Bayer Please note: 24 months Added 04/21/2021 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Advisory Committee Member relationship with Theravance Please note: 24 months Added 04/21/2021 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Contracted Research relationship with Novartis Please note: 24 months Added 04/21/2021 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Contracted Research relationship with Optikira Please note: 24 months Added 04/21/2021 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Contracted Research relationship with Medimmune Please note: 24 months Added 04/21/2021 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Contracted Research relationship with Maven Please note: 24 months Added 04/21/2021 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Contracted Research relationship with Evelobio Please note: 24 months Added 04/21/2021 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Contracted Research relationship with Johnson & Johnson Please note: 24 months Added 04/21/2021 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Advisory Committee Member relationship with AstraZeneca; RIFM; Equillium; Genentech; Thervance Please note: 24 months Added 04/22/2021 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Consultant relationship with AstraZeneca; RIFM; Equillium; Bayer Please note: 24 months Added 04/22/2021 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with AstraZeneca; Sanofi/Regeneron; Genentech Please note: 24 months Added 04/22/2021 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Research grant recipient relationship with Novartis; Optikira; Medimmune; Maven; Evelobio Please note: 24 months Added 04/22/2021 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Research grant recipient relationship with Johnson & Johnson; AstraZeneca; RIFM; Equillium; Genentech Please note: 24 months Added 04/22/2021 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Research grant recipient relationship with Theravance Please note: 24 months Added 04/22/2021 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Advisory Committee Member relationship with AstraZeneca Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Principal Investigator relationship with AstraZeneca Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with AstraZeneca Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Advisory Committee Member relationship with MedImmune Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Principal Investigator relationship with MedImmune Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Advisory Committee Member relationship with Reseaerch Institute for Fragrance Materials Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Principal Investigator relationship with Reseaerch Institute for Fragrance Materials Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Advisory Committee Member relationship with Equillium Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Principal Investigator relationship with Equillium Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Advisory Committee Member relationship with Theravance Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Advisory Committee Member relationship with Avillion Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with Sanofi/Regeneron Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with Genentech Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Principal Investigator relationship with Genentech Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Principal Investigator relationship with OncoArendi Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Principal Investigator relationship with Metera Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with GSK Please note: 2000 TO 2021 Added 04/27/2021 by Nashat Rabadi, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Consultant relationship with GSK Please note: 2019‐2021 Added 04/23/2021 by Byron Thomashow, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee
 The IMPACT trial: single inhaler triple therapy fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol versus fluticasone furoate/vilanterol and umeclidinium/vilanterol in patients with COPD: analysis according to smoking status;  Rationale: The InforMing the Pathway of COPD Treatment (IMPACT) trial was a 52‐week, randomized, double‐blind, multicenter study comparing the efficacy and safety of fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) 100/62.5/25μ g with FF/VI 100/25μ g and UMEC/VI 62.5/25μ g in patients ≥40 years of age with symptomatic COPD and a history of exacerbations (N=10,355). The primary endpoint was the annual rate of on‐treatment moderate/severe exacerbations with FF/UMEC/VI vs FF/VI and UMEC/VI. Previous data from other studies suggest that continued cigarette smoking impairs response to inhaled corticosteroids (ICS). As IMPACT contained treatment arms with both ICS‐containing and non‐ICS‐containing COPD maintenance therapies, it is possible to compare triple therapy with both dual therapies to see if there are any differences in the efficacy profile of triple therapy when analyzed according to smoking status. Methods: This pre‐specified analysis evaluated the rate of on‐treatment moderate/severe COPD exacerbations by smoking status at screening. The analysis was performed on the Intent‐to‐treat (ITT) population using a generalised linear model assuming a negative binomial distribution and covariates of treatment group, sex, exacerbation history (<=1, >=2 moderate/severe), geographical region and post‐bronchodilator percent predicted FEV1 (Screening) for former smokers and current smokers separately. Post‐hoc analyses on secondary endpoints (Trough FEV1, SGRQ total score) by smoking status at screening was performed and safety was also assessed. Results: The analysis comprised 4151 patients who received FF/UMEC/VI (35% current smokers), 4134 patients who received FF/VI (34% current smokers), and 2070 patients who received UMEC/VI (35% current smokers). Over the 52‐week treatment period, FF/UMEC/VI demonstrated a statistically significant reduction in the rate of on‐treatment moderate/severe COPD exacerbations compared to FF/VI in both current smoker and former smoker subgroups (see table). However, there was a greater magnitude of effect observed for FF/UMEC/VI compared to UMEC/VI in former smokers than current smokers. The safety profiles for FF/UMEC/VI, FF/VI, and UMEC/VI were similar and consistent between the smoking status subgroups over the 52‐week study period. Conclusions: The benefits of FF/UMEC/VI vs FF/VI and UMEC/VI were demonstrated on exacerbation reduction, improvements in lung function and SGRQ total score. These results underscore a consistent efficacy profile with once daily FF/UMEC/VI across a multitude of COPD endpoints regardless of smoking status; additionally, there appears to be increased clinical benefit of FF/UMEC/VI compared with both FF/VI and UMEC/VI in former smokers.
 Blood eosinophils and treatment response with triple and dual combination therapy in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: analysis of the IMPACT trial;  BACKGROUND: Previous studies have highlighted a relationship between reduction in rate of exacerbations with therapies containing inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) and baseline blood eosinophil count in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). The IMPACT trial showed that once‐daily single‐inhaler triple therapy significantly reduced exacerbations versus dual therapies. Blood eosinophil counts and smoking status could be important modifiers of treatment response to ICS. We aimed to model these relationships and their interactions, including outcomes other than exacerbations. METHODS: IMPACT was a phase 3, randomised, double‐blind, parallel‐group, 52‐week global study comparing once‐daily single‐inhaler triple therapy (fluticasone furoate‐umeclidinium‐vilanterol) with dual inhaled therapy (fluticasone furoate‐vilanterol or umeclidinium‐vilanterol). Eligible patients had moderate‐to‐very‐severe COPD and at least one moderate or severe exacerbation in the previous year. We used fractional polynomials to model continuous blood eosinophil counts. We used negative binomial regression for numbers of moderate and severe exacerbations, severe exacerbations, and pneumonia. We modelled differences at week 52 in trough FEV1, St George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) total score, and Transition Dyspnoea Index using repeated measurements mixed effect models. IMPACT was registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT02164513. FINDINGS: The magnitude of benefit of regimens containing ICS (fluticasone furoate‐umeclidinium‐vilanterol n=4151 and fluticasone furoate‐vilanterol n=4134) in reducing rates of moderate and severe exacerbations increased in proportion with blood eosinophil count, compared with a non‐ICS dual long‐acting bronchodilator (umeclidinium‐vilanterol n=2070). The moderate and severe exacerbation rate ratio for triple therapy versus umeclidinium‐vilanterol was 0·88 (95% CI 0·74 to 1·04) at blood eosinophil count less than 90 cells per μL and 0·56 (0·47 to 0·66) at counts of 310 cells per μL or more; the corresponding rate ratio for fluticasone furoate‐vilanterol versus umeclidinium‐vilanterol was 1·09 (0·91 to 1·29) and 0·56 (0·47 to 0·66), respectively. Similar results were observed for FEV1, Transition Dyspnoea Index, and SGRQ total score; however, the relationship with FEV1 was less marked. At blood eosinophil counts less than 90 cells per μL and at counts of 310 cells per μL or more, the triple therapy versus umeclidinium‐vilanterol treatment difference was 40 mL (95% CI 10 to 70) and 60 mL (20 to 100) for trough FEV1, ‐0·01 (‐0·68 to 0·66) and 0·30 (‐0·37 to 0·97) for Transition Dyspnoea Index score, and ‐0·01 (‐1·81 to 1·78) and ‐2·78 (‐4·64 to ‐0·92) for SGRQ total score, respectively. Smoking status modified the relationship between observed efficacy and blood eosinophil count for moderate or severe exacerbations, Transition Dyspnoea Index, and FEV1, with former smokers being more corticosteroid responsive at any eosinophil count than current smokers. INTERPRETATION: This analysis of the IMPACT trial shows that assessment of blood eosinophil count and smoking status has the potential to optimise ICS use in clinical practice in patients with COPD and a history of exacerbations. FUNDING: GlaxoSmithKline.
 Population Pharmacokinetic Modeling of Fluticasone Furoate, Umeclidinium Bromide, and Vilanterol in Patients with Asthma, Using Data from a Phase IIIA Study (CAPTAIN);  Background: This analysis aimed to characterize the pharmacokinetics (PK) of the inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) fluticasone furoate (FF), the long‐acting muscarinic antagonist umeclidinium (UMEC), and the long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA) vilanterol (VI), administered as dual (FF/VI) or triple (FF/UMEC/VI) single‐inhaler therapy to patients with asthma, and to identify covariates that may influence the PK of each analyte. Methods: Blood samples were obtained from the phase IIIA CAPTAIN study (ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT02924688), which evaluated the efficacy and safety of once‐daily FF/UMEC/VI versus FF/VI in patients with uncontrolled asthma taking ICS/LABA. Samples were collected at trough (defined as ≥ 20 h after the last dose) from all subjects randomized to the six treatment groups (FF/UMEC/VI 100/31.25/25 μg, 100/62.5/25 μg, 200/31.25/25 μg, 200/62.5/25 μg; FF/VI 100/25 μg, 200/25 μg) at week 24 or the early withdrawal visit. In a subset of patients, PK samples were obtained predose at week 12, and at 5–30 min, 45–90 min, and 2–3 h postdose. For each analyte, a population PK model was developed using non‐linear mixed‐effects modeling. The maximum likelihood method was utilized to incorporate data below the quantifiable limit (BQL). Final models were used to derive the area under the plasma concentration‐time curve and maximum observed concentration at steady‐state for each analyte. Results: We obtained 4018, 2695, and 4032 samples from 1891, 1258, and 1891 patients, for FF, UMEC, and VI, respectively; 48%, 49%, and 50% of samples were reported as BQL for each analyte, respectively. The PK were adequately described by a two‐compartment model with first‐order absorption and elimination for FF, a two‐compartment model with intravenous bolus input and first‐order elimination for UMEC, and a three‐compartment model with zero‐order input and first‐order elimination for VI. Statistically significant covariates were body weight on apparent inhaled clearance of FF, creatinine clearance on apparent clearance and body weight on apparent inhaled volume of distribution of the central compartment for UMEC, and race (East Asian, Japanese, and South East Asian heritage) on inhaled apparent volume of distribution of the central compartment for VI. However, the overall effects of covariates were marginal and thus do not warrant dose adjustment. Systemic exposures of FF or VI did not differ when administered as a single‐inhaler triple (FF/UMEC/VI) or dual combination (FF/VI), and were similar to those reported for patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Conclusion: Only marginal covariate effects were observed, and thus no dose adjustments are deemed necessary for FF, UMEC, or VI. There was no difference in FF or VI systemic exposure in patients with asthma when administered as either triple (FF/UMEC/VI) or dual therapy (FF/VI). Together with efficacy findings from the CAPTAIN study, our data support the use of single‐inhaler FF/UMEC/VI triple therapy for patients with uncontrolled asthma currently receiving ICS/LABA.
 Single inhaler triple-therapy (ICS/LAMA/LABA) versus dual-therapy (ICS/LABA or LAMA/LABA) in patients with COPD at risk of exacerbations: efficacy and safety results of the phase iii impact trial;  Rationale: The benefits of triple‐therapy versus dual‐therapy (inhaled corticosteroid/long‐acting β2 agonist [ICS/LABA] or LABA/long‐acting muscarinic receptor antagonist [LAMA]) are uncertain in patients with COPD. Methods: IMPACT (NCT02164513), a phase III study comparing singleinhaler triple‐therapy fluticasone furoate (FF)/umeclidinium (UMEC)/vilanterol (VI) (100/62.5/25μg) with FF/VI (100/25μg) UMEC/VI (62.5/25μg), randomized 2:2:1 for 52 weeks in patients with symptomatic COPD and a history of exacerbations. The primary endpoint was the annual rate of moderate/severe exacerbations with FF/UMEC/VI versus FF/VI and UMEC/VI. Additional endpoints included change from baseline in trough FEV1, St George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) total score, time to first moderate/severe COPD exacerbation, annual rate of severe exacerbations, and exacerbations by blood eosinophil count (<150 and ≥150 cells/μL). Results: 10,355 patients were treated (n=4151 FF/UMEC/VI; n=4134 FF/VI; n=2070 UMEC/VI). A statistically significant reduction in the annual rate of moderate/severe exacerbations was demonstrated for FF/UMEC/VI (0.91 annual exacerbation rate) versus FF/VI (1.07; rate reduction 15% [p<0.001]) and versus UMEC/VI (1.21; rate reduction 25% [p<0.001]). Annual moderate/severe exacerbation rates were lower with FF/UMEC/VI versus either dual combination regardless of eosinophil level though a greater reduction was seen in patients with higher levels versus UMEC/VI (eosinophils <150 cells/μL: FF/UMEC/VI: 0.85/year; FF/VI: 1.06; UMEC/VI: 0.97, and ≥ 150 cells/μL: FF/UMEC/VI: 0.95/year; FF/VI: 1.08; UMEC/VI: 1.39). Annual rate of severe (hospitalized) exacerbations was 0.13 with FF/UMEC/VI, 0.15 with FF/VI (13% reduction; [p=NS]) and 0.19 with UMEC/VI (34% reduction [p<0.001]). Risk of on‐treatment moderate/severe exacerbation was reduced by 14.8% for FF/UMEC/VI vs FF/VI (p<0.001) and by 16.0% vs UMEC/VI (p<0.001); based on time to first event. Difference in change from baseline trough FEV1 at Week 52 for FF/UMEC/VI was 97mL (p<0.001) versus FF/VI and 54mL (p<0.001) versus UMEC/VI. Change from baseline in SGRQ at week 52 was an improvement of ‐5.5 units for FF/UMEC/VI with a difference of ‐1.8 units versus both FF/VI and UMEC/VI (both p<0.001). The most frequent on‐treatment serious adverse events in FF/UMEC/VI, FF/VI, UMEC/VI treatment arms were COPD exacerbation (11%, 11%, 13%) and pneumonia (4%, 4%, 3%), respectively. Safety data were consistent with the known safety profiles of the individual components. Conclusions: Once‐daily single‐inhaler triple‐therapy FF/UMEC/VI reduced the rate of moderate/severe exacerbations, COPD hospitalizations, and improved trough FEV1 and health status versus dual‐therapy with FF/VI or UMEC/VI in patients with symptomatic COPD with a history of exacerbations. There were no unexpected differences in the adverse event profile between triple‐ and dual‐therapy groups.
 Triple therapy effectiveness in COPD patients with characteristics of asthma: a pragmatic primary care trial - The TRACkER trial;  INTERVENTION: In the intervention group patients will use a single inhaler triple therapy (Trimbow), which includes a combination of beclomethasone dipropionate, formoterol fumarate dihydrate, and glycopyrronium bromide. This inhaler is used twice a day. In the control group patients will use dual bronchodilator treatment (LABA/LAMA) which is used according to the prescription. CONDITION: COPD PRIMARY OUTCOME: To investigate the effectiveness of triple therapy (ICS/LABA/LAMA) on the change in health status, measured with the Clinical COPD Questionnaire (CCQ), in symptomatic ICS‐naive COPD patients with characteristics of asthma according to GOLD 2019 (age of onset, pattern of respiratory symptoms, history/family of asthma, history of Atopy) and blood eosinophil counts of =100 cells per ÂµL compared to treatment with dual therapy (LABA/LAMA), within a primary care population. Effectiveness is regarded as difference in the proportion of patients a with minimal clinically improvement on health status (CCQ improvement =0.4) between the study groups. SECONDARY OUTCOME: ‐ To identify patient and disease characteristics that are predictive for triple therapy effectiveness. Effectiveness is defined as improvement in CCQ of =0.4 from baseline to follow‐up.The patient and disease characteristics that will be assessed are the following: 1) Patient demographics and disease history; 2) Symptoms of asthma as defined by GOLD 2019; 3) Blood test outcome measures (specific IgE and eosinophil counts); 4) Spirometry outcome measures; 5) Fractional exhaled nitric oxide (FeNO) levels; 6) Asthma Control Questionnaire (ACQ); 7) Small Airways Dysfunction Test (SADT); ‐ To compare the number of moderate and severe exacerbations before (6 months) and during the study (6 months) between the study groups. ; ‐ To investigate the difference in the pneumonia incidences between the study groups; ‐ To compare the proportion of net responders (positive responders (=0.4 improvement on the CCQ) minus negative responders (=0.4 decline on the CCQ)) between the study groups.; ‐ To compare the proportion of patients with clinically relevant improvement on either one or both, the CCQ (=0.4) or the ACQ (=0.5).; ‐ To compare the properties of the CCQ and the COPD Assessment Test (CAT) over the study period. ; ‐ To compare the difference in lung function measures, Eos and FeNO between the study groups.; ‐ To describe patient reported side effects using the Inhaled Corticosteroids side‐effect Questionnaire Short Form (ICQ‐S).; ‐ To collect health resource utilization data (e.g. exacerbations, hospitalizations) and investigate the difference in health resource use and costs between the study groups. ; ‐ To investigate the differences in genome‐wide expression of mRNA, MiRNA and methylation status in epithelial cells derived from nasal brushings between the study groups. INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐ Physician diagnosis of COPD (documented obstruction or obstruction measured at the first study visit) ‐ Age 40 years and older ‐ Symptomatic (defined as Clinical COPD Questionnaire score ? 1) ‐ ICS‐naive (last 12 months no ICS containing treatment) ‐ Usage of a long‐acting bronchodilator; either usage of a single LABA or LAMA, usage of a single LABA and a single LAMA, or a usage of a single LABA/LAMA inhaler. Patients are allowed to use short‐acting bronchodilator. ‐ Blood eosinophils =100 cells per ÂµL ‐ One or more characteristics of asthma according to GOLD 2019 (age of onset, pattern of respiratory symptoms, history/family of asthma, history of Atopy).
 Triple therapy effectiveness in COPD patients with characteristics of asthma: a pragmatic Primary Care trial - The TRACkER trial;  INTERVENTION: In the intervention group patients will use a single inhaler triple therapy (Trimbow), which includes a combination of beclomethasone dipropionate, formoterol fumarate dihydrate, and glycopyrronium bromide. This inhaler is used twice a day. In the control group patients will use dual bronchodilator treatment (LABA/LAMA) which is used according to the prescription. CONDITION: ; COPD 10006436 PRIMARY OUTCOME: The primary outcome of this study is the difference in the proportion of ; patients with a clinically relevant improvement in health status (>=0.4 ; improvement on the CCQ) between the triple therapy group and LABA/LAMA ; treatment groups at the end of the 26 weeks intervention period. All main ; analyses will be conducted intention‐to‐treat.; INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐ Physician diagnosis of COPD (documented obstruction or obstruction measured at the first study visit) ‐ Age 40 years and older ‐ Symptomatic (defined as Clinical COPD Questionnaire score * 1) ‐ ICS‐naive (last 12 months no ICS containing treatment) ‐ Usage of a long‐acting bronchodilator; either usage of a single LABA or LAMA, usage of a single LABA and a single LAMA, or a usage of a single LABA/LAMA inhaler. Patients are allowed to use short‐acting bronchodilator. ‐ Blood eosinophils >=100 cells per µL AND one or more characteristics of asthma according to GOLD 2019. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Additionally, we aim to 1) identify characteristics that predict positive ; additional response to triple therapy above dual bronchodilator therapy. ; Effectiveness is defined as improvement in CCQ of >=0.4 from baseline to ; follow‐up.; 2) To compare the number of moderate and severe exacerbations ; before (6 months) and during the study (6 months) between the study groups; 3) ; compare the proportion of patients with clinically relevant improvement on ; either CCQ (>=0.4) or ACQ (>=0.5) between the study groups; 4) To compare the ; proportion of net responders (positive responders (>=0.4 improvement on the CCQ) ; minus negative responders (<=0.4 decline on the CCQ)) between the study groups; ; 5) compare the difference in lung function measures, Eos and FeNO between the ; study groups; 6) describe the patient reported side effects using the inhaled ; corticosteroids side‐effects questionnaire Short Form (ICQ‐S); 7) investigate ; the difference in health resource use and costs between the study groups; 8) ; investigate the differences in genome‐wide expression of ribonucleic acid (RNA) ; (messenger (mRNA) and micro (MiRNA)) and methylation status in epithelial cells ; derived from nasal brushings between the study groups; 9) compare the ; properties of the CCQ and the COPD Assessment Test (CAT) over the study ; period;10) investigate the difference in the pneumonia incidences between the ; study groups; 11) validate the role of matri Xproteins in the pathological ; processes in COPD to identify therapeutic targets for intervention and examine ; their utility as biomarkers for monitoring and predicting disease progression ; and/or treatment response between the study group between the study groups; 12) ; investigate whether presence of a single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) or ; combination of SNPs can a) help to predict if COPD patients respond favorably ; to ICS, and b) influence expression level of a COPD relevant gene, i.e. are ; expression quantitative trait loci. ;
 Fractional Exhaled Nitric Oxide Guided-Therapy in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease: a Stratified, Randomized, Controlled Trial;  Introduction: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) with eosinophilic airway inflammation represents a distinct phenotype that might respond to treatment with inhaled corticosteroids. Fractional exhaled nitric oxide (FENO) might predict eosinophilic inflammation and guide treatment option. We hypothesized that COPD patients with different baseline levels of FENO might have differentiated response to treatment with salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) or tiotropium (TIO). Methods: This open‐label, randomized‐controlled trial enrolled treatment‐naïve COPD patients who were stratified into high‐ (≥23.5 ppb) and low‐FENO group, followed by 12‐week treatment with SFC or TIO. A linear mixed model with repeated measures was applied to analyze the changes in FENO (primary outcome), COPD assessment test (CAT) score, FEV1, and parameters in induced sputum and blood after treatment. Results: 134 patients were divided into 4 subgroups: low‐FENO/SFC (n = 30), low‐FENO/TIO (n = 29), high‐FENO/SFC (n = 37), and high‐FENO/TIO (n = 38). At baseline, FENO 23.5 ppb clearly differentiated between eosinophilic and non‐eosinophilic inflammation groups based on the eosinophils in induced sputum and blood. FENO significantly correlated with sputum and blood eosinophils at baseline. High‐FENO/SFC (vs. high‐FENO/TIO) subgroup had significant reduction in FENO and sputum inflammation profiles (including eosinophils, macrophages, matrix metalloproteinase‐9, and interlukin‐8) after treatment. These differences were not replicated between low‐FENO/SFC and low‐FENO/TIO subgroups. The improvement in CAT and FEV1 after treatment was indiscriminate between SFC and TIO in the low‐ and high‐FENO groups. Conclusion: High baseline FENO can serve as an indicator of eosinophilic airway inflammation in COPD patients who may respond favorably to treatment with inhaled corticosteroids/long‐acting β2‐agonists. Trial registration number: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT02546349.
 Fractional Exhaled Nitric Oxide Guided-Therapy in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease: a Stratified, Randomized, Controlled Trial;  INTRODUCTION: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) with eosinophilic airway inflammation represents a distinct phenotype that might respond to treatment with inhaled corticosteroids. Fractional exhaled nitric oxide (FENO) might predict eosinophilic inflammation and guide treatment option. We hypothesized that COPD patients with different baseline levels of FENO might have differentiated response to treatment with salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) or tiotropium (TIO). METHODS: This open‐label, randomized‐controlled trial enrolled treatment‐naïve COPD patients who were stratified into high‐ (≥23.5ppb) and low‐FENO group, followed by 12‐week treatment with SFC or TIO. A linear mixed model with repeated measures was applied to analyze the changes in FENO (primary outcome), COPD assessment test (CAT) score, FEV1, and parameters in induced sputum and blood after treatment. RESULTS: 134 patients were divided into 4 subgroups: low‐FENO/SFC (n=30), low‐FENO/TIO (n=29), high‐FENO/SFC (n=37), and high‐FENO/TIO (n=38). At baseline, FENO 23.5ppb clearly differentiated between eosinophilic and non‐eosinophilic inflammation groups based on the eosinophils in induced sputum and blood. FENO significantly correlated with sputum and blood eosinophils at baseline. High‐FENO/SFC (vs. high‐FENO/TIO) subgroup had significant reduction in FENO and sputum inflammation profiles (including eosinophils, macrophages, matrix metalloproteinase‐9, and interlukin‐8) after treatment. These differences were not replicated between low‐FENO/SFC and low‐FENO/TIO subgroups. The improvement in CAT and FEV1 after treatment was indiscriminate between SFC and TIO in the low‐ and high‐FENO groups. CONCLUSION: High baseline FENO can serve as an indicator of eosinophilic airway inflammation in COPD patients who may respond favorably to treatment with inhaled corticosteroids/long‐acting β2‐agonists. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT02546349.
 Long-Term Triple Therapy De-escalation to Indacaterol/Glycopyrronium in Patients with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (SUNSET): a Randomized, Double-Blind, Triple-Dummy Clinical Trial;  RATIONALE: There are no studies on withdrawal of inhaled corticosteroids in patients on long‐term triple therapy in the absence of frequent exacerbations. OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the efficacy and safety of direct de‐escalation from long‐term triple therapy to indacaterol/glycopyrronium in nonfrequently exacerbating patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). METHODS: This 26‐week, randomized, double‐blind, triple‐dummy study assessed the direct change from long‐term triple therapy to indacaterol/glycopyrronium (110/50 μg once daily) or continuation of triple therapy (tiotropium [18 μg] once daily plus combination of salmeterol/fluticasone propionate [50/500 μg] twice daily) in nonfrequently exacerbating patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD. Primary endpoint was noninferiority on change from baseline in trough FEV1. Moderate or severe exacerbations were predefined secondary endpoints. MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: A total of 527 patients were randomized to indacaterol/glycopyrronium and 526 to triple therapy. Inhaled corticosteroids withdrawal led to a reduction in trough FEV1 of ‐26 ml (95% confidence interval, ‐53 to 1 ml) with confidence limits exceeding the noninferiority margin of ‐50 ml. The annualized rate of moderate or severe COPD exacerbations did not differ between treatments (rate ratio, 1.08; 95% confidence interval, 0.83 to 1.40). Patients with ≥300 blood eosinophils/μl at baseline presented greater lung function loss and higher exacerbation risk. Adverse events were similar in the two groups. CONCLUSIONS: In patients with COPD without frequent exacerbations on long‐term triple therapy, the direct de‐escalation to indacaterol/glycopyrronium led to a small decrease in lung function, with no difference in exacerbations. The higher exacerbation risk in patients with ≥300 blood eosinophils/μl suggests that these patients are likely to benefit from triple therapy. Clinical trial registered with www.clinicaltrials.gov (NCT 02603393).
 Long-Term Triple Therapy De-escalation to Indacaterol/Glycopyrronium in Patients with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (SUNSET): a Randomized, Double-Blind, Triple-Dummy Clinical Trial;  RATIONALE: There are no studies on withdrawal of inhaled corticosteroids in patients on long‐term triple therapy in the absence of frequent exacerbations. OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the efficacy and safety of direct de‐escalation from long‐term triple therapy to indacaterol/glycopyrronium in nonfrequently exacerbating patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). METHODS: This 26‐week, randomized, double‐blind, triple‐dummy study assessed the direct change from long‐term triple therapy to indacaterol/glycopyrronium (110/50 μg once daily) or continuation of triple therapy (tiotropium [18 μg] once daily plus combination of salmeterol/fluticasone propionate [50/500 μg] twice daily) in nonfrequently exacerbating patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD. Primary endpoint was noninferiority on change from baseline in trough FEV1. Moderate or severe exacerbations were predefined secondary endpoints. MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: A total of 527 patients were randomized to indacaterol/glycopyrronium and 526 to triple therapy. Inhaled corticosteroids withdrawal led to a reduction in trough FEV1 of ‐26 ml (95% confidence interval, ‐53 to 1 ml) with confidence limits exceeding the noninferiority margin of ‐50 ml. The annualized rate of moderate or severe COPD exacerbations did not differ between treatments (rate ratio, 1.08; 95% confidence interval, 0.83 to 1.40). Patients with ≥300 blood eosinophils/μl at baseline presented greater lung function loss and higher exacerbation risk. Adverse events were similar in the two groups. CONCLUSIONS: In patients with COPD without frequent exacerbations on long‐term triple therapy, the direct de‐escalation to indacaterol/glycopyrronium led to a small decrease in lung function, with no difference in exacerbations. The higher exacerbation risk in patients with ≥300 blood eosinophils/μl suggests that these patients are likely to benefit from triple therapy. Clinical trial registered with www.clinicaltrials.gov (NCT 02603393).
 Pneumonia risk with inhaled fluticasone furoate and vilanterol in COPD patients with moderate airflow limitation: the SUMMIT trial;  RATIONALE: Pneumonia risk with inhaled corticosteroid use in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) has not been thoroughly assessed in patients with moderate airflow limitation. OBJECTIVES: To determine the incidence of pneumonia and risk factors in COPD patients with moderate airflow limitation who had, or were at high risk for cardiovascular disease. METHODS: In the Study to Understand Mortality and MorbidITy in COPD (SUMMIT), 16,590 subjects with moderate airflow limitation (50% ≤ FEV1 ≤ 70% predicted) and heightened cardiovascular risk were randomized double‐blind 1:1:1:1 to inhaled once‐daily vilanterol 25 μg (VI), fluticasone furoate 100 μg (FF), vilanterol 25 μg combined with 100 μg fluticasone furoate (FF/VI), or matched placebo. In a pre‐specified analysis, we assessed investigator‐reported adverse pneumonia events, and independently‐adjudicated fatal events. MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: The safety population comprised 16,568 subjects who actually received study medication. There were 1017 pneumonia events reported from 842 subjects. For placebo, FF, VI and FF/VI, reported pneumonia incidence was 5%, 5%, 4% and 6%, respectively. When adjusted for time on treatment, event rates were similar in the placebo, FF and FF/VI containing arms (3.84, 4.24 and 3.95/100 treatment years, respectively) but lower in the VI group (2.77/100 treatment years). Risk factors for pneumonia risk included: greater degree of airflow limitation (i.e. FEV1 <60% predicted), prior exacerbation history, and BMI <25 kg/m2. CONCLUSIONS: In contrast to previous studies in patients with severe disease, increased pneumonia risk with inhaled corticosteroid use was not evident in COPD subjects with moderate airflow limitation and heightened cardiovascular risk.
 Twice-daily, Nebulized Ensifentrine Significantly Improves Lung Function: sub-group Analysis in the Phase 3 Trial ENHANCE-1;  Ensifentrine is a first‐in‐class, inhaled dual inhibitor of phosphodiesterase (PDE)3 and PDE4 with demonstrated bronchodilation and anti‐inflammatory effects. This report summarizes results of ENHANCE‐1, evaluating nebulized ensifentrine‐3mg in clinically important subgroups of subjects with COPD. ENHANCE‐1 was a multi‐center, randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, parallel‐group trial in subjects with moderate to severe COPD (30‐70% predicted normal FEV1), aged 40 to 80 years, and symptomatic with mMRC≥2. Subjects were randomized 5:3 to receive twice‐daily, nebulized ensifentrine‐3 mg or placebo for 24 weeks. A subset of subjects was treated for 48 weeks. Serial spirometry was assessed pre‐ and post‐dose at Day 1, Weeks 6, 12 and 24. Primary endpoint was average FEV1 AUC0‐12h at Week 12. Sub‐group analyses were pre‐specified for gender (male, female), age class (<65, ≥65 years), background medication strata (yes, no), smoking strata (current, former), inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) use (yes, no), chronic bronchitis presence (yes, no), COPD severity (moderate, severe), and FEV1 reversibility to albuterol at screening (yes, no to ≥12% and ≥200 mL). 760 subjects were randomized and treated (ensifentrine n=477, placebo = 283) with 69% taking background LAMA or LABA, including 21% on concomitant ICS. As previously reported, treatment with ensifentrine resulted in a statistically significant improvement from baseline in average FEV1 AUC0‐12h at Week 12 compared to placebo (87mL [95% confidence interval 55.1, 118.5], p<0.001). Treatment with ensifentrine resulted in consistent improvements in average FEV1 AUC0‐12h across sub‐groups compared to placebo (refer to Table 1). Ensifentrine demonstrated clinically meaningful improvement in lung function broadly across all COPD subgroups of clinical interest. Improvements in lung function were evident regardless of gender, age, background medication use, smoking status, use of inhaled corticosteroids, COPD severity or FEV1 reversibility to albuterol. These data show treatment with ensifentrine is effective in a broad population of COPD. (Table Presented).
 Effect of Roflumilast and Inhaled Corticosteroid/Long-Acting β2-Agonist on Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease Exacerbations (RE(2)SPOND). A Randomized Clinical Trial;  RATIONALE: Moderate and severe exacerbations are incompletely prevented by maximal inhalation therapy in patients with severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. OBJECTIVES: To determine whether roflumilast reduces moderate and/or severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease exacerbations in patients at risk for exacerbations despite treatment with inhaled corticosteroid/long‐acting β2‐agonist with or without a long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA). METHODS: In this 52‐week, phase 4, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled RE(2)SPOND (Roflumilast Effect on Exacerbations in Patients on Dual [LABA/ICS] Therapy) trial (NCT01443845), participants aged 40 years or older with severe/very severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, chronic bronchitis, two or more exacerbations and/or hospitalizations in the previous year, and receiving inhaled corticosteroid/long‐acting β2‐agonist with or without LAMA daily for 3 or more months were equally randomized to once‐daily roflumilast, 500 μg (n = 1,178), or placebo (n = 1,176). Stratification was based on LAMA use. MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: Although rate of moderate or severe exacerbations per patient per year (primary endpoint) was reduced by 8.5% with roflumilast versus placebo, the between‐group difference was not statistically significant (rate ratio, 0.92; 95% confidence interval, 0.81‐1.04; P = 0.163). However, roflumilast improved lung function, and in a post hoc analysis roflumilast significantly reduced the rate of moderate or severe exacerbations in participants with a history of more than three exacerbations and/or one or more hospitalizations in the prior year. Adverse event‐related discontinuations occurred in 11.7% roflumilast‐treated and 5.4% placebo‐treated participants. Deaths occurred in 2.5% roflumilast and 2.1% placebo participants. CONCLUSIONS: Roflumilast failed to statistically significantly reduce moderate and/or severe exacerbations in the overall population. Roflumilast improved lung function and reduced exacerbations in participants with frequent exacerbations and/or hospitalization history. The safety profile of roflumilast was consistent with that of previous studies. Clinical trial registered with www.clinicaltrials.gov (NCT01443845).
 Effect of Roflumilast and Inhaled Corticosteroid/Long-Acting β2-Agonist on Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease Exacerbations (RE(2)SPOND). A Randomized Clinical Trial;  RATIONALE: Moderate and severe exacerbations are incompletely prevented by maximal inhalation therapy in patients with severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. OBJECTIVES: To determine whether roflumilast reduces moderate and/or severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease exacerbations in patients at risk for exacerbations despite treatment with inhaled corticosteroid/long‐acting β2‐agonist with or without a long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA). METHODS: In this 52‐week, phase 4, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled RE(2)SPOND (Roflumilast Effect on Exacerbations in Patients on Dual [LABA/ICS] Therapy) trial (NCT01443845), participants aged 40 years or older with severe/very severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, chronic bronchitis, two or more exacerbations and/or hospitalizations in the previous year, and receiving inhaled corticosteroid/long‐acting β2‐agonist with or without LAMA daily for 3 or more months were equally randomized to once‐daily roflumilast, 500 μg (n = 1,178), or placebo (n = 1,176). Stratification was based on LAMA use. MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: Although rate of moderate or severe exacerbations per patient per year (primary endpoint) was reduced by 8.5% with roflumilast versus placebo, the between‐group difference was not statistically significant (rate ratio, 0.92; 95% confidence interval, 0.81‐1.04; P = 0.163). However, roflumilast improved lung function, and in a post hoc analysis roflumilast significantly reduced the rate of moderate or severe exacerbations in participants with a history of more than three exacerbations and/or one or more hospitalizations in the prior year. Adverse event‐related discontinuations occurred in 11.7% roflumilast‐treated and 5.4% placebo‐treated participants. Deaths occurred in 2.5% roflumilast and 2.1% placebo participants. CONCLUSIONS: Roflumilast failed to statistically significantly reduce moderate and/or severe exacerbations in the overall population. Roflumilast improved lung function and reduced exacerbations in participants with frequent exacerbations and/or hospitalization history. The safety profile of roflumilast was consistent with that of previous studies. Clinical trial registered with www.clinicaltrials.gov (NCT01443845).
 Outcomes in COPD patients receiving tiotropium or salmeterol plus treatment with inhaled corticosteroids;  Patients with COPD are frequently prescribed inhaled corticosteroids (ICS); however, it is unclear whether the treatment with ICS might modify responses to inhaled bronchodilators. Two 6‐month, randomized, placebo‐controlled, double‐blind, double‐dummy, parallel‐group studies of tiotropium 18 microg once daily, compared with salmeterol, 50 microg bid, had been conducted in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD. Efficacy was assessed by spirometry, transition dyspnea index (TDI), St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ), and exacerbations. Data from both studies were combined to form subgroups with regard to concurrent use of ICS. 796 patients receiving ICS were separately analyzed from 390 patients not receiving ICS. Mean age was 64 years, and pre‐bronchodilator FEV1 was 1.06 L (ICS group) and 1.13 L (non‐ICS group). Both bronchodilators increased morning mean +/‐ SE pre‐dose FEV1 compared with placebo (ICS groups: tiotropium 110 +/‐ 20 mL, salmeterol 80 +/‐ 20 mL; non‐ICS groups: tiotropium 150 +/‐ 30 mL, salmeterol 110 +/‐ 30 mL; p > 0.05 for tiotropium vs salmeterol). Improvements in TDI and SGRQ and frequency of exacerbations also tended to be more profound for tiotropium. Treatment with tiotropium in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD was superior to salmeterol in lung function, irrespective of concurrent use of ICS.
 A randomised, double-blind, active-controlled study to evaluate the impact of stepwise withdrawal of inhaled corticosteroid treatment in patients with severe to very severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) on optimised bronchodilator therapy. - Steroid withdrawal study;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: SPIRIVA 18 microgram, inhalation powder, hard capsule Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, hard capsule Other descriptive name: Tiotropium Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 18‐ Trade Name: Serevent Evohaler (according to UK SPC) Pharmaceutical Form: Pressurised inhalation, suspension Other descriptive name: SALMETEROL Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 25‐per actuation Trade Name: Flixotide 50 micrograms Evohaler (according to UK SPC) Pharmaceutical Form: Pressurised inhalation, suspension INN or Proposed INN: FLUTICASONE PROPIONATE CAS Number: 80474142 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50 per actuation‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Pressurised inhalation* Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Trade Name: Flixotide 125 micrograms Evohaler (according to UK SPC) Pharmaceutical Form: Pressurised inhalation, suspension INN or Proposed INN: FLUTICASONE PROPIONATE CAS Number: 80474142 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 125 per actuation‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Pressurised inhalation* Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Trade Name: Flixotide 250 micrograms Evohaler (according to UK SPC) Pharmaceutical Form: Pressurised inhalation, suspension INN or Proposed INN: FLUTICASONE PROPIONATE CAS Number: 80474142 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 250 per actuation‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Pressurised inhalation* Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use CONDITION: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: The objective of the study is to clarify the need for continuous inhaled corticosteroid use in patients with severe to very severe COPD (GOLD stage III to IV) on otherwise optimised therapy (according to guidelines) and to describe the effect of stepwise withdrawal of inhaled corticosteroids in these patients. Primary end point(s): The primary endpoint for this study will be time to first moderate or severe on‐treatment COPD exacerbation during the 12 month randomised period. Secondary Objective: An additional objective of this study is to characterise the patient population, potentially identifying sub‐populations and markers of steroid need. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Male or female patients 40 years of age or older. Current or ex‐smokers with a cigarette smoking history of = 10 pack years. A diagnosis of severe to very severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with post‐bronchodilator FEV1 <50% of predicted and FEV1 < 70% of FVC. At least one documented* exacerbation during the 12‐month period prior to initial screening. Able to perform all study related procedures. Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range
 Do inhaled corticosteroids reduce the frequent exacerbator phenotype in COPD-a little help by a multicenter survey;  Rationale: Physicians face an ongoing controversy on how to treat pts. at risk for frequent eyacerbations(frex). The regular use of inhaled corticosteroids(ICS) is a common and seemingly comfortable assay in pharmaceutical treatment. This despite growing evidence of side effects including risk of pneumonia. Can the expected reduction of exacerbations outweigh the disadvantages? Methods: We conducted a multicenter observational cross sectional study in 1726 pts with COPD(spirometric severity from I‐IV) from 2011 ‐ 2013 on frequency of exacerbations. Details are described elsewhere(posters ATS 2013,ERS 2013, 2014). Results: Frequency of exacerbations were assigned to four groups of stepwise increase of medical treatment(GOLD guidelines): One group had no COPD medicaton at all, next group used SABA/SAMA as needed, next group had regular treatment with LABA/LAMA and a fourth group had additional ICS as daily medication. As medication increased in the groups, so did the the phenotype of frequent exacerbators from 0% in the first two groups to 2.5% in the LAMA group, to 3,7 %in the LABA group, 6.4% in the group with LABA and LAMA, rising to 8% in the ics group(Fischer Frequent Exact Test). It also shows that the frex was a rather rare symptom in this group, where exertional dyspnea was a prominent feature. medication and frex phenotype View in line Discussion: These results may indicate a scenario with increasing severity and exacerbations in COPD , followed by increasing treatment according to guidelines, but also showed a failure to reduce exacerbations.
 Beta Blocker Therapy in Moderate to Severe COPD;  Screening Visit A member of the research team will discuss the Patient Information Sheet with the participant, answer any questions posed and written informed consent will be obtained. Prior to screen participants will be asked to withhold tiotropium for 48 hours ipratropium bromide for 12 hours and salbutamol for 6 hours. A general physical examination will be carried out by a qualified medical practitioner. A pregnancy test from a urine sample will be performed for all female participants with advice issued to both male and female participants to use contraception throughout the duration of the study. The following will be measured: Spirometry with sequential reversibility to 400μg salbutamol then 80 μg ipratropium bromide according to American Thoracic Society guidelines Resting Electrocardiogram Whole body plethysmography (where possible) Impulse Oscillometry Oxygen saturations breathing room air after 5 mins rest Heart rate and blood pressure. 6 Minute Walk Test (if physically able) Inhaler technique will be assessed and confirmed adequate. Full blood count, renal function, electrolytes, liver enzymes and random blood glucose will be measured. Participants will be checked against all inclusion and exclusion criteria. Those found to be eligible will proceed to the run‐in period. Run‐in period Participants who are taking inhaled corticosteroids, combination inhalers, Long acting bata agonists or long‐acting anti‐muscarinics will have these discontinued. All participants entering the run‐in period will be commenced on Fostair (Beclometasone/Formoterol) 100/6, 2 puffs twice daily via spacer device for approximately 2 weeks. Participants will be given a PiKO monitor to record domiciliary Forced expiratory volume1 and Forced expiratory Volume6 twice daily (approximately 12 hours apart) in a diary supplied by the department as well as domiciliary oxygen saturation and Heart Rate monitor to be recorded twice daily. They will also complete a daily diary of reliever use and symptoms. These will all be performed from the beginning of the run‐in period to the end of the study. At the end of run‐in, participants will be again checked against all inclusion and exclusion criteria and the hief Investigator or medical investigator for the study will sign the declaration on the Case Report Form, to confirm the subject's suitability to receive the study drug according to study protocol. Those eligible will proceed to study visit 1. Those who do not fulfil the study criteria will be returned to their pre‐study medication and their GP informed of any medically relevant data. Study Visit 1 (Baseline 1) Participants will attend the department on the morning of their study visit. Participants will be asked to withhold their ipratropium for 12 hours and salbutamol for 6 hours prior to visit. Diaries of symptoms, reliever use and domiciliary FEV1 will be reviewed. Baseline measurements to be recorded are: IOS Slow Vital Capacity Spirometry Resting ECG Resting O2 sats HR and BP St George's Respiratory Questionnaire 6MWT (where physically possible and only if performed at screen) Echocardiogram (where technically possible) Serum (after at least 30mins supine posture): Aldosterone, Angiotensin II, BDNF, BNP, Potassium Provided average HR>60bpm and average systolic BP>110mmHg the participant will be randomised to 1 of 2 beta‐blocker treatments comprising: 1. Carvedilol: 1 week of 3.125mg bid, 1 week of 6.25mg bid, 4 weeks of 12.5mg bid or 2. Bisoprolol: 1 week of 1.25mg od, 1 week of 2.5mg od, 4 weeks of 5mg od Participants will be given their first 4 weeks of randomised IMP for the treatment period at this study visit. Participants will be allowed to complete each treatment arm on their maximum tolerated dose of beta‐blocker, should this be less than the maximum prescribed dose. When titrating their beta‐blocker at home, should the participant start to experience side‐effects related to beta‐blocker therapy or they find that their HR is dropping below 55bpm they will be informed to phone the department working hours) or the emergency mobile number (out of hours). Participants in both treatment arms will continue taking Fostair 100/6, 2 puffs bid via spacer device for the first 5 weeks of each treatment period. For the final (6th) week of each treatment period they will receive inhaled beclometasone dipropionate (as Clenil) 200μg, 2 puffs bid via spacer device, instead of Fostair. Participants in both treatment arms will be given Tiotropium 18μg (via handihaler) od for the first 4 weeks of each treatment period. Tiotropium will then be discontinued for the final 2 weeks of each treatment period. Participants will be given a salbutamol inhaler to use as initial reliever therapy along with an ipratropium inhaler second line on a PRN basis. The IMPs will be issued to the participant by a member of the research team delegated the task. The allocation will be checked and countersigned by a second delegated member of staff. Inhaler technique for the different devices will be checked. A participant instruction and appointment leaflet will be issued and discussed fully with the participant and any questions answered. It will detail: Emergency contact numbers Instructions on how to take heart rate and O2 sats measurements How to perform domiciliary FEV1 and FEV6 How to write in the diary Potential side effects of study drugs Recording of AEs and concomitant medication use Withholding times for relievers Titration/Discontinuation times for IMPs Reminders to return medication and bottles at each visit Study visit 2 Measurements to be recorded at this visit are: IOS Slow VC Spirometry Resting O2 sats HR and BP (as previously described in 3.5.5) Resting ECG 6MWT (where physically possible and only if performed previously in study) SGRQ Participants will be given their final 2 weeks of randomised IMP (at their maximum tolerated dose) for that treatment period. Participants will discontinue their tiotropium for the remaining 2 weeks of the treatment period at this study visit. Study visit 3 . As for study visit 2 with the addition of Serum BDNF, Potassium Participants will discontinue their Fostair inhaler at this study visit and be given Clenil (beclometasone) 200ug, 2 puffs bid to take instead for the final week of the treatment period. Study visit 4 As before plus, Echocardiogram (where technically possible) Serum (after at least 30mins supine posture): Aldosterone, Angiotensin II, BDNF, BNP, Potassium Participants will finish treatment period 1 at this point and enter a 2 week period of washout (of beta‐blocker) prior to crossing over to the other treatment arm. Participants will discontinue their Clenil and beta‐blocker and return to taking Fostair 100/6, 2 puffs bid for the 2 week washout period. Study Visit 5 (Baseline 2) Measurements to be recorded are: IOS Slow VC Spirometry Resting ECG Resting O2 sats HR and BP (as previously described in 3.5.5) SGRQ 6MWT (where physically possible and only if performed at screen) Serum (after at least 30mins supine posture): Aldosterone, Angiotensin II, BDNF, BNP, Potassium Provided average HR>60bpm and average systolic BP>110mmHg the participant will be crossed over to the beta‐blocker treatment that they have not yet received (based on original randomisation) comprising: 1. Carvedilol: 1 week of 3.125mg bid, 1 week of 6.25mg bid, 4 weeks of 12.5mg bid 2. Bisoprolol: 1 week of 1.25mg od, 1 week of 2.5mg od, 4 weeks of 5mg od Measurements will be repeated as per Study Visit 1. Study Visits 6 & 7 Visit 6 will be the same as visit 2 Visit 7 will be the same as visit 3 Study Visit 8 Measurements to be recorded are: IOS Slow VC Spirometry Resting ECG Resting O2 sats HR and BP (as previously described in 3.5.5) SGRQ 6MWT (where physically possible and only if performed at screen) Echocardiogram (where technically possible) Serum (after at least 30mins supine posture): Aldosterone, Angiotensin II, BDNF, BNP, Potassium Participants will finish treatment period 2, and, therefore, the study at this point. They will be returned to their usual prescribed medication. End of Study Period. The study will be complete when the last enrolled participant completes the last visit
 Clinical trial on eosinophil-guided time-updated person-specific reduction of inhaled corticosteroid therapy and prophylactic azithromycin therapy in patients with severe or very severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD);  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Azithromycin Pharmaceutical Form: Film‐coated tablet INN or Proposed INN: Azithromycin Other descriptive name: AZITHROMYCIN Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 250‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Tablet Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use Trade Name: Inhaled coticosteroid Pharmaceutical Form: CONDITION: Clinicaltrial on eosinophil‐guided time‐updated person‐specific reduction of inhaled corticosteroid therapy and prophylactic azithromycin therapy in patients with severe or very severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) ; MedDRA version: 21.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10010952 Term: COPD System Organ Class: 100000004855 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Parasitic Diseases [C03] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: 1. ICS; • Whether a strategy of "time‐updated, eosinophil‐guided administration of inhaled corticosteroids" in patients with severe/very severe COPD and frequent AECOPD´s can lead to non‐inferior treatment responses to standard treatment with combined ICS, LAMA, and LABA (same number of AECOPD, but with substantially lower exposure to corticosteroids).; • Whether the side effects of ICS can be reduced with the time‐updated, eosinophil‐guided administration of inhaled corticosteroids ; 2. Azithromycin: Whether the use of azithromycin can reduce the time hospitalized with AECOPD (or other cause) in severe COPD patients; Primary end point(s): 1. “Days alive and out of hospital within 365 days after recruitment” (Continuous data: Analysis with T‐test); 2. Number of hospitalization‐requiring exacerbations within 12 months (Continuous data: Analysis with T‐test) ; Secondary Objective: 1. ICS: ; • The microbiota changes that happen in the airways of a patient with COPD, when the patient is receiving inhaled corticosteroids continuously, compared to when a corticosteroid‐sparing, biomarker‐guided administration is used.; 2. Azithromycin: ; • The influence of the macrolide antibiotic azithromycin on the respiratory microbiota in patients with COPD.; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 12 months SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): • Death within 12 months (Death equates to 3 exacerbations in data analysis when an exacerbation is not antecedent to death) ; • Number of moderate/severe exacerbation within 12 months ; • Number of mild exacerbations within 12 months ; • The cumulative ICS dose ; • Change in blood eosinophils (eosinophilic trajectories) ; • Change in lunge microbiome abundance and diversity over 12 months ; • Antibiotic‐requiring infections within 90 days (0 vs. 1) ; • Need for treatment with systemic corticosteroids ; • Change in lung function (?FEV1) from baseline ; • One or more ICS‐induced side effects as listed below ; o Debut or worsening of diabetes mellitus (At baseline and 3 months follow‐ups) ; ? HbA1c = 6.5% (does not apply to patients with chronic renal failure, recent transfusion or haematological disorders) * or ; ? Venous fasting plasma glucose = 7.0 mmol / l * or ; ? Initiation or intensification of antidiabetic therapy ; o Pulmonary infections ; ; • Change in following from baseline ; o Body mass index (of more than 1 unit) over 12 months ; o MRC‐dyspnea score from < 3 to 3 =, over 3 months ; o COPD‐related quality of life (Based on COPD Assessment Test ‐ CAT) ; • Treatment failure: Recurrence of COPD leading to emergency room visit, hospitalization or need to intensify pharmacological treatment within 30 days ; • Mortality within 365 days (Access via patient journal) ; • Worsening of COPD symptoms (approach via patient journal and questionnaire). This endpoint is analyzed as: ; o Recurrence of COPD exacerbation or death within 30 days ; o Time to exacerbation or death within 30 days ; o Number of admission‐requiring NIV treatment or admissions to intensive care or death within 30 days ; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: At baseline and 12 months, except blood samples, CAD and MRC every 3 month (baseline, 3, 6, 9 and 12 months) INCLUSION CRITERIA: • COPD (verified by a specialist in respiratory medicine + spirometry) • GOLD risk class C/D or FEV1<30% • Must receive at least during last 4 weeks: LAMA, LABA and ICS • Informed consent Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range 44 F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range 400
 Microbiome Use to Stratify Inhaled Corticosteroids in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (MUSIC) trial: baseline data and impact of inhaled corticosteroid withdrawal in severe COPD with frequent exacerbations;  Background: The MUSIC study is testing the impact of inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) and bronchodilator (LABA/LAMA) treatment on the upper and lower airway microbiome in patients with COPD (NCT02972476). Patients receiving ICS at baseline withdrew therapy for one month, followed by randomization to 3 different ICS regimes or combined LABA/LAMA for 3 months. Here we report rates of patients experiencing exacerbations during the withdrawal period Methods: Multicentre randomized controlled trial. Patients were aged >=40 years, current or exsmokers, FEV1/FVC<0.7 with either FEV1<50% predicted OR 2 or more exacerbations/1 hospitalization in the previous year. Results: 122 patients were enrolled from 6 study sites. 52.5% of patients were male, mean age 67 years (standard deviation(SD) 8.1), and mean post‐bronchodilator FEV1 54.9% predicted (SD 20.7). 48 patients had blood eosinophil counts <150cells/ul (39.3%), 52 patients had counts 150‐300cells/ul (42.6%) and 22 patients had counts >300cells/ul (18.0%). 57 patients experienced an exacerbation or adverse event leading to withdrawal during month 1., Rates of failure ranged from 42‐69% with no differences between sites (p=0.52). Failure rates were 56.3% in low, 46.2% in moderate, 45.5% in high eosinophil groups (p=0.54). Failure rates were significantly higher in patients with FEV1 <50% predicted (61.5%), vs FEV1 > 50% (41.8%), (odds ratio 2.23 95% CI 1.06 ‐ 4.67,p=0.034). Conclusion: We found a high failure rate during 1 month switch to LABA/LAMA, particularly in patients with severe and very severe lung function impairment.
 Adherence to treatment guidelines for COPD: a comparison of 2 centers;  Rationale: COPD affects approximately 30 million Americans. It has been estimated to have a 50 billion dollars burden in the health care budget annually. It is the third leading cause of death in the US and worldwide. Multiple agencies have set standards for quality COPD care. Despite this, only 55% receive guideline recommended care. Recent data shows that the inhaler prescribing patterns can vary from over prescription to under prescription. Use of inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) has been associated with increased risk of pneumonia. Over prescription of this class of drug could lead to increased risk without significant benefit. We aimed to determine the compliance with GOLD guidelines in COPD subjects in 2 medical centers in Ohio and Florida. We hypothesized that inhaled corticosteroids are overprescribed in COPD subjects. Methods: After appropriate IRB approvals/exemption, we retrospectively reviewed charts of subjects with COPD in the years 2013‐2016. We excluded patients that had concomitant asthma or that were miscoded with an improper ICD‐9/10. The demographics, clinical and treatment variables were collected and stratified by center and clinic (primary care vs pulmonary). We evaluated the adherence to GOLD guidelines in terms of recommended therapy for a given patient group. Results: A total of 458 charts were analyzed. 162 from pulmonary and 296 from primary care clinics. The mean FEV1 was 56 % predicted and did not differ between clinics. The most common GOLD spirometry stage was 2 and did not differ between clinics. The most frequent prescribed maintenance therapy was combination LABA/ICS followed by LAMA regardless of center/clinic. In 85% of subjects seen in primary care, a determination of appropriateness of treatment could not be made, due to inability to determine their group of COPD. This proportion was 19% in pulmonary clinics (p<0.05). In those that the GOLD group was available, 72% were appropriately treated in primary care, and 64% in pulmonary clinics. Of those were treatment could be assessed and not concordant with GOLD guidelines (33%), 94% were overtreated with ICS. Conclusions: Combination LABA/ICS is the most common maintenance treatment for COPD patients seen both in pulmonary and primary clinics in the study locations. There is a lack of adoption of the combined assessment proposed by GOLD particularly in primary care. Lack of adoption seems to be leading to over‐treatment with ICS at GOLD groups A and B. Additional education to primary care physicians is necessary about current guidelines of COPD classification.
 Effects of extra-fine inhaled and oral corticosteroids on alveolar nitric oxide in COPD;  PURPOSE: Alveolar nitric oxide (CA(NO)) has been suggested as a surrogate marker of distal airway inflammation in COPD. Coarse particle‐inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) have been shown not to suppress CA(NO). We evaluated whether extra‐fine particle size ICS (HFA‐BDP) or systemic oral corticosteroids could suppress CA(NO) in COPD. METHODS: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) patients with a FEV1/FVC ratio <0.7, FEV1 <80% predicted with CA(NO) > 2 ppb underwent a double‐blind randomized, controlled, crossover trial with an open‐label systemic steroid comparator. After a 2 week steroid washout period, participants were randomized to 3 weeks of 100 mcg of HFA‐BDP twice daily and then 3 weeks of 400 mcg of HFA‐BDP twice daily, or matched placebos with subsequent crossover. All patients then received 1 week open‐label, 25 mg/day of prednisolone. Exhaled nitric oxide, plasma cortisol, and lung function were recorded. CA(NO) was corrected for axial diffusion. RESULTS: In 16 participants, there were no significant differences seen with either dose of HFA‐BDP compared with placebo. Oral prednisolone significantly reduced FE(NO) and J'aw(NO) but not CA(NO). Plasma cortisol was significantly suppressed by oral prednisolone only. CONCLUSIONS: Whilst CA(NO) remains a biomarker of interest in COPD, it is not suppressed by systemic or extra‐fine particle ICS. CA(NO) is not a useful marker for monitoring response of small airway disease to therapies in COPD. The study was approved by the local Committee on Medical Research Ethics and registered on ClinicalTrials.Gov (NCT 00921921).
 The impact of tiotropium on mortality and exacerbations when added to inhaled corticosteroids and long-acting β-agonist therapy in COPD;  BACKGROUND: Tiotropium has been shown to improve lung function, quality of life, and exacerbations and reduce mortality when compared with placebo in COPD. It remains unclear whether benefits are seen when tiotropium is used in conjunction with inhaled corticosteroids (ICSs) plus long‐acting β‐agonists (LABAs). METHODS: We performed a retrospective cohort study using a National Health Service database of patients with COPD in Tayside, Scotland, between 2001 and 2010 that is linked with databases regarding hospital admissions, pharmacy prescriptions, and death registries. The impact of the addition of tiotropium (Tio) to ICS + LABA therapy on all‐cause mortality, hospital admissions for respiratory disease, and emergency oral corticosteroid bursts was evaluated. Adjusted hazard ratios (HRs) were calculated by Cox regression after inclusion of the following covariates: cardiovascular and respiratory disease, diabetes, smoking, age, sex, and deprivation index. RESULTS: A total of 1,857 patients were given ICS + LABA + Tio, and 996 were given ICS + LABA. Mean follow‐up was 4.65 years. The adjusted HR for all‐cause mortality for ICS + LABA + Tio vs ICS + LABA was 0.65 (95% CI, 0.57‐0.75; P < .001). Adjusted HRs for hospital admissions and oral corticosteroid bursts were 0.85 (95% CI, 0.73‐0.99; P = .04) and 0.71 (95% CI, 0.63‐0.80; P < .001), respectively. CONCLUSIONS: The study suggests that the addition of tiotropium to ICSs and LABA therapy may confer benefits in reducing all‐cause mortality, hospital admissions, and oral corticosteroid bursts in patients with COPD. Triple therapy is widely used in the real‐life management of COPD, with only limited scientific support. The study supports the use of triple therapy in COPD and provides a platform for randomized controlled trials specifically addressing this topic.
 Clinically important deteriorations in COPD as a measure of response to dual and mono bronchodilator therapy with and without inhaled corticosteroids;  Background: Bronchodilator therapy with long‐acting muscarinic antagonists (LAMAs), β2‐agonists (LABAs) and inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) is commonly used to improve outcomes in COPD. We examined clinically important deteriorations (CID) to quantify response to ICS/LABA+LAMA or LAMA/LABA. Methods: Two post hoc pooled analyses were performed on data from four 12‐wk studies of umeclidinium 62.5mcg (UMEC)+ICS/LABA vs placebo (PBO)+ICS/LABA, and three 24‐wk studies of umeclidinium/vilanterol 62.5/25mcg (UMEC/VI) vs tiotropium 18mcg (TIO). The analyses examined if dual bronchodilation ±ICS delayed onset of CID vs ICS/LABA or LAMA. CID was defined as: decrease from baseline ≥100mL in trough FEV1, decline in healthrelated quality of life (≥4 units St George's Respiratory Questionnaire total score), or moderate/severe COPD exacerbation; CID was sustained if lasting ≥2 visits or 50% of time thereafter. Results: In the 12‐wk studies, 377/819 (46%) UMEC+ICS/LABA and 554/818 (68%) PBO+ICS/LABA patients had ≥1 CID (hazard ratio [HR]: 0.52, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.45‐0.59; p<0.001); 165 (20%) and 313 (38%) had sustained CID (HR: 0.45, 95% CI: 0.38‐0.55; p<0.001). In the 24‐wk studies, 362/878 (41%) UMEC/VI and 486/869 (56%) TIO patients had ≥1 CID (HR: 0.62, 95% CI: 0.54‐0.71; p<0.001); 188 (21%) and 265 (30%) had sustained CID (HR: 0.64, 95% CI: 0.53‐0.77; p<0.001). Adverse events did not differ between comparators. Conclusion: CID is a useful endpoint to differentiate responses to treatment with dual and mono bronchodilator therapy ±ICS in COPD.
 Once-daily tiotropium respimat® decreases the risk of exacerbations, independent of baseline characteristics, in patients with symptomatic severe asthma without evidence of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  BACKGROUND: All patients (pts) with asthma are at risk of exacerbations, which are potentially life‐threatening, adversely affect long‐term disease outcomes, and place considerable burden on pts and healthcare systems. In pts with severe symptomatic asthma despite therapy with inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) and longacting β2‐agonists (LABAs), addition of once‐daily tiotropium Respimat® (TioR) provides bronchodilation and reduces exacerbations (Kerstjens et al. NEJM 2012;367:1198‐207). Secondary analyses may determine whether this effect is limited to subgroups of pts defined by baseline characteristics. METHODS: Baseline characteristics were investigated and subgroup analyses performed using data from 2 replicate Phase III, randomized, double‐blind, placebo (PBO)‐controlled studies of once‐daily TioR in pts with symptomatic asthma despite high‐dose ICS (≥800 μg budesonide equivalent) + LABA, in addition to other therapies (Kerstjens et al. NEJM 2012;367:1198‐207). Eligibility criteria included: 18‐75 years of age; asthma diagnosis before age 40; ≥5‐year history of asthma; 7‐question Asthma Control Questionnaire (ACQ‐7) score ≥1.5; at least 1 asthma exacerbation in the previous year; life‐long non‐smokers or ex‐smokers (≤10 pack‐years) who quit smoking ≥1 year before study enrollment. Pts with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) or other lung disease were excluded. Time to first severe exacerbation (defined as asthma deterioration necessitating initiation or doubling of systemic glucocorticosteroids) after 48 weeks was a co‐primary endpoint. Secondary endpoints included time to first episode of asthma worsening (defined as either progressive increase in symptoms and/or a decline of ≥30 % in the best morning peak expiratory flow for ≥2 consecutive days). Subgroup analyses of time to first severe exacerbation were performed by baseline characteristics, including age, allergic status, smoking status, and reversibility (Figure). RESULTS: 912 pts were randomized: 456 received TioR 5 μg and 456 received PBO Respimat® once daily for 48 weeks.Mean age: 53.0 years; 37.6%of pts were aged ≤50 years. Mean age at diagnosis of asthma: 22.7 (range 0‐44) years. Median asthma duration: 28.0 (range 5‐72) years, with 76.5 % of pts having asthma for ≥20 years before enrollment. Most pts (75.9%)were non‐smokers; 24.1%were ex‐smokers with amedian number of pack‐years of 5.0.Mean ACQ‐7 score: 2.6 (range 1‐5); mean IgE: 1210 μg/L; mean pre‐bronchodilation forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1): 1.5±0.5 L; mean FEV1 bronchodilation response to salbutamol: 15.2±15.7 % (all values baseline±SD). Time to first severe exacerbation was increased by addition of TioR versus PBO (risk reduction 21 %; hazard ratio 0.79; p=0.03). Time to first episode of asthma worsening increased with TioR versus PBO (risk reduction 31 %; hazard ratio 0.69; p<0.0001). Subgroup analyses showed that neither time to first severe exacerbation (Figure) nor time to first episode of asthma worsening was dependent on baseline characteristics (no significant interactions). The 24‐hour bronchodilatory effect of TioR was demonstrated by lung function data obtained in a subset of pts. Adverse events were well balanced between TioR and PBO; no deaths occurred. CONCLUSIONS: The increase in time to first severe exacerbation and first episode of asthma worsening in patients receiving tiotropium Respimat® was not limited to specific subgroups. Age of onset, symptom duration, lack of smoking, allergic status, and bronchodilation response provide reasonable certainty that the patients enrolled had asthma and not COPD. Features compatible with COPD were thus more likely to reflect effects of long‐standing severe persistent asthma than the alternative diagnosis. Once‐daily tiotropium Respimat® add‐on reduces risk of exacerbations in patients with asthma who remain symptomatic and experience exacerbations despite ICS+LABA. (Figure presented).
 Once-daily tiotropium respimat® decreases the risk of exacerbations, independent of baseline characteristics, in patients with symptomatic severe asthma without evidence of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  BACKGROUND: All patients (pts) with asthma are at risk of exacerbations, which are potentially life‐threatening, adversely affect long‐term disease outcomes, and place considerable burden on pts and healthcare systems. In pts with severe symptomatic asthma despite therapy with inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) and longacting β2‐agonists (LABAs), addition of once‐daily tiotropium Respimat® (TioR) provides bronchodilation and reduces exacerbations (Kerstjens et al. NEJM 2012;367:1198‐207). Secondary analyses may determine whether this effect is limited to subgroups of pts defined by baseline characteristics. METHODS: Baseline characteristics were investigated and subgroup analyses performed using data from 2 replicate Phase III, randomized, double‐blind, placebo (PBO)‐controlled studies of once‐daily TioR in pts with symptomatic asthma despite high‐dose ICS (≥800 μg budesonide equivalent) + LABA, in addition to other therapies (Kerstjens et al. NEJM 2012;367:1198‐207). Eligibility criteria included: 18‐75 years of age; asthma diagnosis before age 40; ≥5‐year history of asthma; 7‐question Asthma Control Questionnaire (ACQ‐7) score ≥1.5; at least 1 asthma exacerbation in the previous year; life‐long non‐smokers or ex‐smokers (≤10 pack‐years) who quit smoking ≥1 year before study enrollment. Pts with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) or other lung disease were excluded. Time to first severe exacerbation (defined as asthma deterioration necessitating initiation or doubling of systemic glucocorticosteroids) after 48 weeks was a co‐primary endpoint. Secondary endpoints included time to first episode of asthma worsening (defined as either progressive increase in symptoms and/or a decline of ≥30 % in the best morning peak expiratory flow for ≥2 consecutive days). Subgroup analyses of time to first severe exacerbation were performed by baseline characteristics, including age, allergic status, smoking status, and reversibility (Figure). RESULTS: 912 pts were randomized: 456 received TioR 5 μg and 456 received PBO Respimat® once daily for 48 weeks.Mean age: 53.0 years; 37.6%of pts were aged ≤50 years. Mean age at diagnosis of asthma: 22.7 (range 0‐44) years. Median asthma duration: 28.0 (range 5‐72) years, with 76.5 % of pts having asthma for ≥20 years before enrollment. Most pts (75.9%)were non‐smokers; 24.1%were ex‐smokers with amedian number of pack‐years of 5.0.Mean ACQ‐7 score: 2.6 (range 1‐5); mean IgE: 1210 μg/L; mean pre‐bronchodilation forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1): 1.5±0.5 L; mean FEV1 bronchodilation response to salbutamol: 15.2±15.7 % (all values baseline±SD). Time to first severe exacerbation was increased by addition of TioR versus PBO (risk reduction 21 %; hazard ratio 0.79; p=0.03). Time to first episode of asthma worsening increased with TioR versus PBO (risk reduction 31 %; hazard ratio 0.69; p<0.0001). Subgroup analyses showed that neither time to first severe exacerbation (Figure) nor time to first episode of asthma worsening was dependent on baseline characteristics (no significant interactions). The 24‐hour bronchodilatory effect of TioR was demonstrated by lung function data obtained in a subset of pts. Adverse events were well balanced between TioR and PBO; no deaths occurred. CONCLUSIONS: The increase in time to first severe exacerbation and first episode of asthma worsening in patients receiving tiotropium Respimat® was not limited to specific subgroups. Age of onset, symptom duration, lack of smoking, allergic status, and bronchodilation response provide reasonable certainty that the patients enrolled had asthma and not COPD. Features compatible with COPD were thus more likely to reflect effects of long‐standing severe persistent asthma than the alternative diagnosis. Once‐daily tiotropium Respimat® add‐on reduces risk of exacerbations in patients with asthma who remain symptomatic and experience exacerbations despite ICS+LABA. (Figure presented).
 Combined treatment with formoterol and tiotropium is more efficacious than treatment with tiotropium alone in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, regardless of smoking status, inhaled corticosteroid use, baseline severity, or gender;  A recent randomized, double‐blind, parallel‐group, active‐controlled, multicenter study of 255 patients ≥ 40 years of age with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) showed that combined formoterol (FOR) and tiotropium (TIO) treatment in patients with COPD significantly improved lung function as well as symptoms and other patient‐reported outcomes compared with TIO alone. FOR and TIO are long‐acting bronchodilators that represent the β₂‐adrenergic agonist and anticholinergic classes, respectively. However, the possible influence of smoking status, inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) use, baseline disease severity, and gender differences on bronchodilator efficacy requires further investigation. Using data from the previously published study mentioned above, a post hoc analysis was performed to examine the efficacy of combined FOR + TIO treatment compared with TIO monotherapy in subgroup analyses of men and women, current and ex‐smokers, ICS users and non‐ICS users, and patients with moderate and severe/very severe COPD. Efficacy comparisons were based on the changes in forced expiratory volume in 1 s measured 0‐4 h after the morning dose (FEV₁ AUC₀₋₄h). After a run‐in period, patients were treated for 12 weeks with either FOR 12 μg twice daily (BID) plus TIO 18 μg once daily (QD) in the morning (AM, n = 124) or with FOR placebo BID plus TIO 18 μg QD AM (n = 131). The least squares mean change from baseline in the normalized FEV₁ AUC₀₋₄h was assessed using analysis of covariance. With the exception of treatment differences at week 4 in smokers and subjects with "very severe" COPD, and at weeks 4, 8, and 12 for ICS users and non‐ICS users (p values not determined), FOR + TIO was significantly superior (P < 0.05) to TIO alone at all time points (weeks 4, 8, 12, and endpoint), regardless of gender, smoking status, ICS use, or COPD severity. We conclude that coadministered FOR + TIO significantly improves lung function compared with TIO treatment alone in COPD patients regardless of differences in patient subgroups.
 Intensified Therapy with Inhaled Corticosteroids and Long-Acting β2-Agonists at the Onset of Upper Respiratory Tract Infection to Prevent Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease Exacerbations. A Multicenter, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-controlled Trial;  RATIONALE: The efficacy of intensified combination therapy with inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) and long‐acting β2‐agonists (LABA) at the onset of upper respiratory tract infection (URTI) symptoms in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is unknown. OBJECTIVES: To evaluate whether intensified combination therapy with ICS/LABA, at the onset of URTI symptoms, decreases the incidence of COPD exacerbation occurring within 21 days of the URTI. METHODS: A total of 450 patients with stable, moderate to very severe COPD, were included in this investigator‐initiated and ‐driven, double‐blind, randomized, placebo‐controlled study. At inclusion, patients were assigned to open‐labeled low‐maintenance dose ICS/LABA. Each patient was randomized either to intensified‐dose ICS/LABA or placebo and instructed to start using this medication only in case of a URTI, at the onset of symptoms, twice daily, for 10 days. MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: The incidence of any exacerbation following a URTI was not significantly decreased in the ICS/LABA group, as compared with placebo (14.6% vs. 16.2%; hazard ratio, 0.77; 95% confidence interval, 0.46‐1.33; P = 0.321) but the risk of severe exacerbation was decreased by 72% (hazard ratio, 0.28; 95% confidence interval, 0.11‐0.74%; P = 0.010). In the stratified analysis, effect size was modified by disease severity, fractional exhaled nitric oxide, and the body mass index‐airflow obstruction‐dyspnea, and exercise score. Compared with the stable period, evidence of at least one virus was significantly more common at URTI, 10 days after URTI, and at exacerbation. CONCLUSIONS: Intensified combination therapy with ICS/LABA for 10 days at URTI onset did not decrease the incidence of any COPD exacerbation but prevented severe exacerbation. Patients with more severe disease had a significant risk reduction for any exacerbation. Clinical trial registered with www.isrctn.com (ISRCTN45572998).
 Intensified Therapy with Inhaled Corticosteroids and Long-Acting β2-Agonists at the Onset of Upper Respiratory Tract Infection to Prevent Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease Exacerbations. A Multicenter, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-controlled Trial;  RATIONALE: The efficacy of intensified combination therapy with inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) and long‐acting β2‐agonists (LABA) at the onset of upper respiratory tract infection (URTI) symptoms in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is unknown. OBJECTIVES: To evaluate whether intensified combination therapy with ICS/LABA, at the onset of URTI symptoms, decreases the incidence of COPD exacerbation occurring within 21 days of the URTI. METHODS: A total of 450 patients with stable, moderate to very severe COPD, were included in this investigator‐initiated and ‐driven, double‐blind, randomized, placebo‐controlled study. At inclusion, patients were assigned to open‐labeled low‐maintenance dose ICS/LABA. Each patient was randomized either to intensified‐dose ICS/LABA or placebo and instructed to start using this medication only in case of a URTI, at the onset of symptoms, twice daily, for 10 days. MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: The incidence of any exacerbation following a URTI was not significantly decreased in the ICS/LABA group, as compared with placebo (14.6% vs. 16.2%; hazard ratio, 0.77; 95% confidence interval, 0.46‐1.33; P = 0.321) but the risk of severe exacerbation was decreased by 72% (hazard ratio, 0.28; 95% confidence interval, 0.11‐0.74%; P = 0.010). In the stratified analysis, effect size was modified by disease severity, fractional exhaled nitric oxide, and the body mass index‐airflow obstruction‐dyspnea, and exercise score. Compared with the stable period, evidence of at least one virus was significantly more common at URTI, 10 days after URTI, and at exacerbation. CONCLUSIONS: Intensified combination therapy with ICS/LABA for 10 days at URTI onset did not decrease the incidence of any COPD exacerbation but prevented severe exacerbation. Patients with more severe disease had a significant risk reduction for any exacerbation. Clinical trial registered with www.isrctn.com (ISRCTN45572998).
 A PROOF OF CONCEPT STUDY TO EVALUATE THE DOSE RESPONSE FOR THE SYSTEMIC BENEFIT RISK RATIO OF INHALED FLUTICASONE PROPIONATE IN CHRONIC OBSTRUCTIVE PULMONARY DISEASE - SYSTEMIC AND LOCAL EFFECTS OF INHALED FLUTICASONE;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: Fluticasone propionate (Neolab Ltd) Pharmaceutical Form: Pressurised inhalation* Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Pressurised inhalation* Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Trade Name: Serevent Inhaler Product Name: Salmeterol xinafoate Pharmaceutical Form: Pressurised inhalation* Trade Name: Spiriva Product Name: Tiotropium bromide monohydrate Pharmaceutical Form: Pressurised inhalation* CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To determine the effect of inhaled corticosteroid on levels of surrogate inflammatory markers, specifically CRP, in relation to markers of systemic absorbtion Primary end point(s): Serum CRP and hs CRP levels; Overnight 10 hour urinary cortisol/creatine ratio Secondary Objective: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients with stable moderate COPD (FEV1 > 30% <50%) age50 years and over will be included Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range
 A Randomized, Noninferiority Trial Comparing ICS + LABA with ICS + LABA + LAMA in Asthma-COPD Overlap (ACO) Treatment: the ACO Treatment with Optimal Medications (ATOMIC) Study;  Background: Current guidelines for the treatment of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease overlap (ACO) recommend initial treatment using inhaled corticosteroids (ICSs) plus 1 or more bronchodilators. Objective: To clarify which therapeutic effect is better between the ICS + long‐acting β2 agonist (LABA) and ICS + LABA + long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) treatment in patients with ACO. Methods: We conducted a multicenter, 48‐week, randomized, noninferiority trial. Patients with ACO were enrolled if they were treated with a moderate to high dose of ICS + LABA. In total, 303 patients were involved in the present trial, with 149 receiving ICS + LABA + LAMA. The primary end point was the time to first exacerbation. Secondary outcomes included changes in FEV1, forced vital capacity, FEV1/forced vital capacity ratio, asthma control, blood eosinophil count, and fractional exhaled nitric oxide. Results: In the ICS + LABA treatment group, 29 of 154 patients (18.83%) experienced exacerbation, whereas 28 of 149 patients (18.79%) experienced exacerbation in the ICS + LABA + LAMA treatment group. The results of this noninferiority study were ultimately inconclusive (hazard ratio, 1.1; 95% CI, 0.66‐1.84). However, the patients treated with the addition of LAMA showed significant improvements in FEV1 and forced vital capacity (P < .001). Asthma control did not improve in either group. Conclusions: Although this study was unable to conclude that ICS + LABA treatment is not inferior to ICS + LABA + LAMA in terms of exacerbation, it is obvious that the ICS + LABA + LAMA treatment group had improved lung function in ACO.
 Exacerbator subtypes in the tiotropium safety and performance in respimat (TIOSPIR™) trial;  Background: The long‐acting antimuscarinic antagonist (LAMA) tiotropium is used to prevent exacerbations of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) but information is limited on how often these events occur during LAMA therapy and which factors predict exacerbations. Methods: A post‐hoc exploratory pooled analysis of COPD patients with and without COPD exacerbations in TIOSPIR was performed. Baseline characteristics discriminating between patients without exacerbation (yearly exacerbation rate [YER]=0), and infrequent (YER≤1) and frequent (YER>1) exacerbators during the trial were identified using descriptive statistics. Results: Of 17,116 patients, 8774 reported no exacerbation,4896 one and 3446 more than one exacerbation. Some baseline characteristics were similar between groups (age, body mass index) but patients reporting exacerbations were more likely to be female, have a history of frequent exacerbations, have lower mean forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1) (GOLD III/IV) and to use more long‐acting β2‐agonists (LABA) and inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) at baseline (table). (Table Presented) Conclusions: The large TIOSPIR dataset supports the relationship between established predictive variables, like lung function and exacerbation history, and exacerbation risk, also during LAMA therapy. Age, BMI and male gender had no prognostic adverse influence on exacerbations.
 Improving COPD symptoms with umeclidinium/vilanterol and impact of baseline disease severity: the EMAX trial;  Background: Based on limited evidence, dual long‐acting bronchodilators are recommended as stepwise treatment following monotherapy for symptomatic low exacerbation risk patients with persistent symptoms. Aims: This pre‐specified secondary analysis of the Early MAXimization of bronchodilation for improving COPD stability (EMAX) trial examined if worse baseline severity favoured umeclidinium/vilanterol (UMEC/VI) vs UMEC or salmeterol (SAL). Methods: This 24‐week, double‐blind, parallel‐group trial randomised inhaled corticosteroid (ICS)‐free patients to UMEC/VI 62.5/25 μg once‐daily (QD), UMEC 62.5 μg QD, or SAL 50 μg twice‐daily. Transition Dyspnoea Index (TDI), Evaluating Respiratory Symptoms score (E‐RS) and COPD Assessment Test (CAT) responders and Subject Global Rating of Change in COPD Severity (SGRSI) were assessed for the ITT population, GOLD 3 (FEV1 30‐50% predicted) and CAT score ≥20 subgroups. Results: In the ITT population, the proportion of responders favoured UMEC/VI vs UMEC and SAL for all symptom outcomes; greater magnitudes of efficacy benefit were observed for TDI and SGRSI in the GOLD 3, but not the CAT ≥20, subgroups (Figure). Conclusions: In symptomatic ICS‐free patients at low exacerbation risk, severity of airflow limitation may be more discriminative than CAT score for identifying patients who will benefit more from dual bronchodilation. (Figure Presented).
 Umeclidinium/vilanterol in preventing clinically important deterioration (CID) in COPD and impact of baseline disease severity: the EMAX trial;  Background: The risk of short‐term deterioration, assessed by the CID composite measure, is reduced with dual vs mono bronchodilators in inhaled corticosteroid (ICS)‐free symptomatic patients with COPD. It is unclear if this protection alters with baseline severity of COPD. Aims: This pre‐specified secondary analysis of the Early MAXimization of bronchodilation for improving COPD stability (EMAX) trial compared CID risk in the ITT population and in severity subgroups with a baseline GOLD spirometric grade 3 (FEV 30‐50% predicted) or COPD Assessment Test (CAT) score ≥20. Methods: This 24‐week, double‐blind, parallel‐group trial randomised patients to umeclidinium/vilanterol (UMEC/VI) 62.5/25 μg QD, UMEC 62.5 μg QD, or salmeterol (SAL) 50 μg BID. Risk of a first CID was assessed using 3 definitions of CID (Figure). Results: In the ITT population and subgroups, CID risk was lower with UMEC/VI vs UMEC or SAL for all CID definitions, except in one instance (Figure). This protection was numerically higher in the GOLD 3 subgroup regardless of CID definition, but not in the CAT ≥20 subgroup. Conclusions: In symptomatic ICS‐free patients at low exacerbation risk, UMEC/VI reduced CID risk vs UMEC and SAL. Compared with the ITT population, this protection was greater in patients with more severe airflow limitation but not with more symptoms. (Figure Presented).
 Effect of exacerbation history and ICS use on outcomes in COPD patients from the TIOSPIR™ trial;  Background: Exacerbation history (EH) is an important stratifying variable in the GOLD classification but its relationship to mortality is less clear. We used pooled data from the large TIOtropium Safety and Performance In Respimat® (TIOSPIR™) trial, which found no difference between delivery systems of tiotropium on mortality, to investigate this issue. Aim: To determine whether EH (≥1 exacerbation in the past year), and inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) use at baseline affected outcomes of patients with COPD. Methods: This post‐hoc analysis compared all‐cause mortality and exacerbations between four patient subgroups characterized by ICS use at baseline and EH, adjusting for postbronchodilator FEV1, smoking status and concomitant long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA) use at baseline. Results: Baseline characteristics such as age, body mass index, sex, race, smoking history, and history of cardiac disease were comparable between subgroups. Patients with EH had a higher risk of death (time to fatal event) compared to patients without EH. Comparable increases were seen in the subgroups with ICS use (hazard ratio [HR]: 1.31) and without ICS (HR: 1.26). Exacerbation risk (time to first exacerbation) was also increased in patients with EH (with and without ICS use) (Table). Conclusions: In patients with COPD from TIOSPIR™, EH increased the risk of death (time to fatal adverse event) and the risk of exacerbations irrespective of ICS use. (Figure Presented).
 Effect of doxycyline in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease - An exploratory study;  PURPOSE: Various mechanisms, including oxidative stress, inflammation, and protease‐antiprotease imbalance are proposed for the progressive decline in lung function in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Doxycycline, a broad spectrum tetracycline antibiotic, is reported to have non‐antimicrobial matrix metalloproteinases (MMP) inhibitory action in various inflammatory conditions. The effect of doxycycline in COPD is hereby assessed in the present randomized prospective study. PATIENTS AND METHODS: The first group of COPD patients (n = 30; mild (n = 3), moderate (n = 6), severe (n = 7), very severe (n = 14) as per GOLD II & III criteria was prescribed the standard therapy, a combination of (i) short acting anti‐muscarinic agent (SAMA) + short acting β2 agonist (SABA) inhaled and (ii) corticosteroid inhaled (ICS) + long acting β2 agonist (LABA) (iii) ICS + LABA + LAMA. Whereas doxycycline (100 mg), was used daily once or twice as per Body Mass Index (BMI), as an add‐on to existing standard therapy for the second group of patients (n = 30; mild (n = 2), moderate (n = 7), severe (n = 8), very severe (n = 13). All recruited patients were followed‐up after 3 months of treatment. Lung function index FEV1(%) predicted, FEV1/FVC (%), quality of life status including COPD Assessment Test (CAT), St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) were assessed. Routine blood cell count also was performed. RESULTS: Biochemical analysis included estimation of oxidative stress markers, inflammatory cytokines and proteases in plasma of both the groups. Reduction in oxidative stress is evidenced by a significant decrease in Lipid hydro peroxides (LPO), total oxidative stress (TOS) and increase in glutathione peroxidase (GSH‐PX), reduced glutathione (GSH) and total anti‐oxidant capacity (TAO) nitrite and nitrate (NOx) along with peroxynitrate following 3 months of add‐on doxycycline treatment. Reduced levels of cytokines such as interleukin IL‐6, TNF‐α, IL‐8 were also observed. Multivariate analysis identified TNF‐α major effective discriminant among pre and post doxycycline treated COPD patients. The expression of TNF‐α was inversely correlated with FEV1/FVC (%) changes. The levels of MMP‐2 and MMP‐9/tissue inhibitors of metalloproteinases (TIMP)‐1 ratio (MMP‐9/ TIMP‐1), also decreased significantly and the decline could be associated with TOS. A significant increase in bilirubin and reduced glutathione (GSH) level was noticed in standard therapy group. CONCLUSION: These data suggest that the improvement in lung function and quality of life in COPD patients may probably be attributed to the antioxidant, anti‐inflammatory and anti‐MMP activity of doxycycline. The potential therapeutic role of long‐term doxycycline, in addition to its traditional antibiotic effect, definitely warrants further attention.
 Indacaterol provides significant bronchodilation in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease irrespective of concomitant inhaled corticosteroid use;  RATIONALE Indacaterol is an investigational once‐daily inhaled long‐acting β2‐agonist bronchodilator for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Because the concomitant use of inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) may influence the response to other treatments, it is useful to evaluate if concomitant ICS use has any impact on the efficacy and safety of indacaterol. METHODS Data were pooled from three randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled studies of indacaterol in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD, each including prespecified analyses of efficacy and safety according to baseline ICS use. (Randomization was not stratified by ICS use.) Patients received indacaterol 150 μg (n=627), indacaterol 300 μg (n=821), formoterol 12 μg twice daily (n=522), tiotropium 18 μg once daily (n=415) (open label), or placebo (n=1021) for up to 12 months. Data are reported here for the first 3 months. In each study the primary endpoint was trough forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1; mean of measurements at 23 h 10 min and 23 h 45 min post‐dose) at 12 weeks. RESULTS At screening, ICS were used by 43% of patients. For ICS non‐users/users respectively, mean age was 63.0/64.3 years, mean smoking history was 50.1/51.9 pack‐years, mean FEV1 (post‐albuterol) was 1.56/1.43 L (55.9/52.4% predicted), and COPD was severe or very severe in 43/48% of patients. Indacaterol demonstrated significant differences versus placebo of >120 mL (the prespecified minimal clinically important difference) in trough FEV1 at Week 12 in each subgroup (table). One or both doses of indacaterol had significantly greater effects than formoterol and tiotropium in each subgroup. (Table presented) Hazard ratios versus placebo for time to first COPD exacerbation showed a significant effect of indacaterol in non‐ICS users (150 μg, 0.47 [p=0.001]; 300 μg, 0.64 [p<0.05]) and a smaller non‐significant effect in ICS users (0.77 and 0.72 for 150 and 300 μg, respectively). Adverse events in ICS non‐users/users respectively occurred in 47/61% of patients treated with indacaterol 150 μg, 48/51% with indacaterol 300 μg, 41/48% with formoterol, 52/62% with tiotropium, and 47/45% with placebo. CONCLUSIONS Indacaterol was an effective bronchodilator irrespective of concomitant ICS use. The significant effect of indacaterol on COPD exacerbations in ICS non‐users reinforces the appropriateness of indacaterol as first‐line maintenance treatment for COPD patients.
 A Pooled Analysis of Mortality in Patients with COPD Receiving Dual Bronchodilation with and without Additional Inhaled Corticosteroid;  Background: Recent studies report a lower mortality rate during treatment with long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA)/long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA)/inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) versus LAMA/LABA in patients with symptomatic chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and a history of exacerbations. Objective: We compared time to all‐cause mortality with LAMA/LABA versus LAMA/LABA/ICS in patients with mild‐to‐very‐severe COPD and a predominantly low exacerbation risk. Methods: Data were pooled from six randomized controlled trials (TONADO 1/2, DYNAGITO, WISDOM, UPLIFT and TIOSPIR; LAMA/LABA: n = 3156, LAMA/LABA/ICS: n = 11,891). Analysis was on‐treatment and data were censored at 52 weeks. Patients on LAMA/LABA/ICS received ICS prior to study entry, which was not withdrawn at randomization. Patients on LAMA/LABA/ICS were propensity score (PS)‐matched to patients on LAMA/LABA who had not previously received ICS; covariates included age, sex, geographical region, smoking status, post‐bronchodilator forced expiratory volume in 1 second percent predicted, exacerbation history in previous year, body mass index and time since diagnosis. Time to all‐cause mortality was assessed using Cox proportional hazard regression models. Results: After PS matching, 3133 patients on LAMA/LABA and 3133 patients on LAMA/LABA/ICS were analyzed. Fewer than 20% of patients reported ≥2 exacerbations in the prior year (LAMA/LABA: 19.1%; LAMA/LABA/ICS: 19.0%). There were 41 (1.3%) deaths on LAMA/LABA and 45 (1.4%) deaths on LAMA/LABA/ICS. No statistically significant difference in time to death was observed between treatment arms (hazard ratio for LAMA/LABA 1.06; 95% confidence intervals 0.68, 1.64; P = 0.806). Sensitivity analyses conducted using different covariates or in an intent‐to‐treat population showed similar results. Conclusion: This pooled analysis of over 6000 patients with mild‐to‐very‐severe COPD and predominantly low exacerbation risk showed no differences in mortality with LAMA/LABA versus LAMA/LABA/ICS, suggesting that the survival benefit of triple therapy seen in some recent studies may be specific to a high‐risk population. This supports current Global Initiative for Chronic Obstructive Lung Disease recommendations that triple therapy should be reserved for the subpopulations of patients who need it the most (eg, those with an eosinophilic phenotype and a high risk of exacerbations) to avoid ICS overuse.
 A Pooled Analysis of Mortality in Patients with COPD Receiving Dual Bronchodilation with and without Additional Inhaled Corticosteroid;  Background: Recent studies report a lower mortality rate during treatment with long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA)/long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA)/inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) versus LAMA/LABA in patients with symptomatic chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and a history of exacerbations. Objective: We compared time to all‐cause mortality with LAMA/LABA versus LAMA/LABA/ICS in patients with mild‐to‐very‐severe COPD and a predominantly low exacerbation risk. Methods: Data were pooled from six randomized controlled trials (TONADO 1/2, DYNAGITO, WISDOM, UPLIFT and TIOSPIR; LAMA/LABA: n = 3156, LAMA/LABA/ICS: n = 11,891). Analysis was on‐treatment and data were censored at 52 weeks. Patients on LAMA/LABA/ICS received ICS prior to study entry, which was not withdrawn at randomization. Patients on LAMA/LABA/ICS were propensity score (PS)‐matched to patients on LAMA/LABA who had not previously received ICS; covariates included age, sex, geographical region, smoking status, post‐bronchodilator forced expiratory volume in 1 second percent predicted, exacerbation history in previous year, body mass index and time since diagnosis. Time to all‐cause mortality was assessed using Cox proportional hazard regression models. Results: After PS matching, 3133 patients on LAMA/LABA and 3133 patients on LAMA/LABA/ICS were analyzed. Fewer than 20% of patients reported ≥2 exacerbations in the prior year (LAMA/LABA: 19.1%; LAMA/LABA/ICS: 19.0%). There were 41 (1.3%) deaths on LAMA/LABA and 45 (1.4%) deaths on LAMA/LABA/ICS. No statistically significant difference in time to death was observed between treatment arms (hazard ratio for LAMA/LABA 1.06; 95% confidence intervals 0.68, 1.64; P = 0.806). Sensitivity analyses conducted using different covariates or in an intent‐to‐treat population showed similar results. Conclusion: This pooled analysis of over 6000 patients with mild‐to‐very‐severe COPD and predominantly low exacerbation risk showed no differences in mortality with LAMA/LABA versus LAMA/LABA/ICS, suggesting that the survival benefit of triple therapy seen in some recent studies may be specific to a high‐risk population. This supports current Global Initiative for Chronic Obstructive Lung Disease recommendations that triple therapy should be reserved for the subpopulations of patients who need it the most (eg, those with an eosinophilic phenotype and a high risk of exacerbations) to avoid ICS overuse.
 Analysis of the efficacy and safety of the fixed-dose combination of tiotropium + olodaterol in patients with COPD by previous usage of inhaled corticosteroids;  Rationale Tiotropium (T), a long‐acting muscarinic antagonist, and olodaterol (O), a long‐acting β2‐agonist (both administered once‐daily), have been studied as a once‐daily fixed‐dose combination (FDC). Two Phase III studies have demonstrated that T+O FDC significantly improved lung function and symptoms over T and O monotherapy treatments in patients with moderate to very severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).1 During these studies, patients were allowed to continue existing treatment with inhaled corticosteroids (ICS); this analysis was conducted to determine the effects of study treatment in patients receiving or not receiving ICS as reported at baseline. Methods A total of 5162 patients were randomized to treatment with O 5 μg, T 2.5 μg, T 5 μg, T+O 2.5/5 μg, or T+O 5/5 μg (Respimat® inhaler) in two 52‐week, double‐blind, parallel‐group studies (NCT01431274 and NCT01431287). Primary efficacy end points were trough forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) response (i.e. change from baseline), FEV1 area under the curve from 0‐3 hours (AUC0‐3) response, and St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) total score after 24 weeks. Pooled data are presented for the patient subgroups either using or not using ICS at baseline. Results In the overall population, all treatments resulted in clinically relevant improvements in lung function, with significant increases with both T+O doses over the individual components (p<0.01).1 These effects on lung function were observed irrespective of whether or not patients had reported concomitant use of ICS at baseline (see Table). In the “ICS usage” and “no ICS usage” subgroups, there were no statistically significant differences between the FDCs and monotherapy treatments in changes in SGRQ total scores from baseline to Week 24, although SGRQ total scores were improved during this period with T+O FDC. Conclusions In patients with COPD, T+O 5/5 μg significantly improved lung function over T 5 μg and O 5 μg monotherapy, irrespective of whether patients had reported ICS use at baseline. (Table Presented).
 Analysis of the efficacy and safety of the combination of tiotropium + olodaterol in patients with COPD by previous usage of inhaled corticosteroids;  Rationale Tiotropium (T), a long‐acting muscarinic antagonist, and olodaterol (O), a long‐acting b2‐agonist (both administered once daily), have been studied as a once‐daily combination. Two Phase III studies have demonstrated that T+O significantly improved lung function and symptoms over T and O monotherapy treatments in patients with moderate to very severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).1 During these studies, patients were allowed to continue existing treatment with inhaled corticosteroids (ICS); this analysis was conducted to determine the effects of study treatment in patients receiving or not receiving ICS as reported at baseline. Methods A total of 5162 patients were randomised to treatment with O 5 mg, T 2.5 mg, T 5 mg, T+O 2.5/5 mg or T+O 5/5 mg (Respimat® inhaler) in two 52‐week, double‐blind, parallel‐group studies (NCT01431274 and NCT01431287). Primary efficacy end points were trough forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1) response (ie, change from baseline), FEV1 area under the curve from 0‐3 h (AUC0‐3) response and St George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) total score after 24 weeks. Pooled data are presented for the patient subgroups either using or not using ICS at baseline. Results In the overall population, all treatments resulted in clinically relevant improvements in lung function, with significant increases with both T+O doses over the individual components (p < 0.01).1 These effects on lung function were observed irrespective of whether or not patients had reported concomitant use of ICS at baseline (see Table 1). In the 'ICS usage' and 'no ICS usage' subgroups, there were no statistically significant differences between the combinations and monotherapy treatments in changes in SGRQ total scores from baseline to Week 24, although SGRQ total scores were improved during this period with T+O. Conclusions In patients with COPD, T+O 5/5 mg significantly improved lung function over T 5 mg and O 5 mg monotherapy, irrespective of whether patients had reported ICS use at baseline. (Table Presented).
 Efficacy and safety of aclidinium bromide/formoterol fumarate fixed-dose combination in patients with moderate to severe COPD, stratified by inhaled corticosteroid use;  Rationale:Twice‐daily (BID) aclidinium bromide/formoterol fumarate fixed‐dose combination (FDC) has been investigated in Phase III studies for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). ACLIFORM and AUGMENT were two 24‐week, randomized, double‐blind studies of aclidinium/formoterol FDC that assessed efficacy and safety in patients with moderate to severe COPD. Here, we present pooled data stratified by concomitant use of inhaled corticosteroids (ICS). Methods:Data were pooled from ACLIFORM and AUGMENT. In these studies, patients received placebo, FDC 400/12 μg, FDC 400/6 μg, aclidinium 400 μg or formoterol 12 μg (all BID via the Genuair®/Pressair® devicea). Any ICS used at baseline was continued throughout the study with no change in dosage. The co‐primary endpoints were lung function measured by change from baseline in morning pre‐dose (trough) and 1‐hour morning post‐dose forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) at Week 24. Respiratory symptoms were evaluated by the transition dyspnoea index (TDI) focal score. HCRU exacerbation rates were measured. Adverse events (AEs) were recorded throughout the study. Results:In total, 3398 patients were included in this pooled database (mean age, 63.5 years, 60.5% male). At baseline, the number of patients using ICS were: placebo, 204 (38.8%); FDC 400/12 μg, 286 (39.7%); FDC 400/6 μg, 279 (39.1%); aclidinium 400 μg, 289 (40.0%); and formoterol 12 μg, 277 (38.7%). Treatment with either FDC improved morning pre‐dose (trough) FEV1, 1‐hour morning post‐dose FEV1 and absolute TDI focal score versus placebo, independent of ICS use (Table). Exacerbation rate was higher in those patients who used ICS concomitantly versus those who did not (placebo: rate with ICS, 0.67; rate without ICS, 0.35 [Table]). Exacerbation rate was significantly reduced with FDC 400/12 μg compared with placebo (p<0.0278 [Table]) in patients using ICS concomitantly, but not in those who did not use ICS. The frequency of AEs with and without ICS use were: placebo, 58.4%/64.1%; FDC 400/12 μg, 59.1%/64.1%; FDC 400/6 μg, 62.9%/61.4%; aclidinium 400 μg, 61.7%/63.1%; and formoterol 12 μg, 66.1%/65.4%, respectively. Conclusions:Aclidinium/formoterol 400/12 μg FDC improved bronchodilation and dyspnoea in patients independent of concomitant ICS use. Concomitant ICS use did not affect safety outcomes.
 Prevention of early worsening of COPD with umeclidinium open triple therapy compared with inhaled corticosteroid/long-acting β2-agonist alone: a pooled post hoc analysis;  Rationale: Minimizing the risk of exacerbations is a key goal of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) management. A novel composite endpoint assessing three dimensions of clinically important deterioration (CID; lung function, health status, and exacerbations) has been described and was used to demonstrate that umeclidinium (UMEC)/vilanterol (VI) reduces the risk of CID versus placebo (PBO) or UMEC monotherapy (Singh et al., Int J Chron Obstruct Pulmon Dis 2016). However, whether UMEC provides a similar reduction in the risk of experiencing a CID when added to inhaled corticosteroid/long‐acting β2‐agonist (ICS/LABA) therapy is uncertain. Methods: A post hoc analysis of four 12‐week, randomized, double‐blind trials comparing UMEC 62.5 mcg or PBO added to open‐label ICS/LABA in symptomatic patients with COPD (modified Medical Research Council [mMRC] dyspnea scale score ≥2) (AC4116135, NCT01772134; AC4116136, NCT01772147; 200109, NCT01957163; 200110, NCT02119286). A CID was defined as: a decrease of ≥100 mL from baseline in trough forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1), an increase of ≥4 units in St George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) total score from baseline, or a moderate/severe exacerbation. The risk of a first CID was evaluated, and the analysis was performed in the intent‐to‐treat (ITT) population, Global initiative for chronic Obstructive Lung Disease (GOLD) groups B and D (defined in Table), and patients with and without an exacerbation history at screening. Results: In total, 1637 patients were randomized and included in the ITT population; 819 in the UMEC+ICS/LABA treatment group and 818 in the PBO+ICS/LABA treatment group. Included in the analysis were the following patient subgroups: GOLD group B (n=664), GOLD group D (n=973), exacerbation‐free (n=1315), and ≥1 exacerbation (n=322). In symptomatic patients with COPD, the risk of a first CID was reduced by 46‐58% when stepping up therapy from PBO+ICS/LABA to UMEC+ICS/LABA triple therapy in the ITT population and in all subgroups analyzed (all p<0.001; Table). Improvements in efficacy on stepping up to triple therapy were seen in terms of preventing both decreases of ≥100 mL from baseline in FEV1 and exacerbations in this 12‐week follow‐up period. Conclusions: These results show that breathless patients with COPD receiving ICS/LABA experience frequent deteriorations. Stepping up treatment with UMEC+ICS/LABA triple therapy compared with ICS/LABA alone significantly reduced the risk of deteriorations in both low‐risk (GOLD group B or exacerbation‐free) and high‐risk (GOLD group D or exacerbating) patients, and provided greater short‐term stability. (Table Presented).
 The pharmacokinetics of three doses of budesonide/glycopyrronium/formoterol fumarate dihydrate metered dose inhaler compared with active controls: a Phase I randomized, single-dose, crossover study in healthy adults;  The budesonide/glycopyrronium/formoterol fumarate dihydrate metered dose inhaler (BGF MDI) is an inhaled corticosteroid/long‐acting muscarinic antagonist/long‐acting β2‐agonist fixed‐dose combination formulated with innovative co‐suspension delivery technology that is in clinical development for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). This randomized, Phase I, single‐dose, six‐treatment, four‐period, crossover study (NCT01980615) examined the pharmacokinetic (PK) and safety profile of three doses of BGF MDI (320/14.4/10 μg [equivalent to budesonide/glycopyrrolate/formoterol fumarate 320/18/9.6 μg], 160/14.4/10 μg and 80/14.4/10 μg), two doses of a budesonide/formoterol fumarate dihydrate fixed‐dose combination (BUD/FORM MDI 320/9 μg and 160/9 μg; not using co‐suspension delivery technology) and a glycopyrronium/formoterol fumarate dihydrate co‐suspension delivery technology MDI (GFF MDI 14.4/10 μg) in healthy volunteers (18‐45 years of age). PK parameters included area under the plasma concentration‐time curve from 0 to 12 h (AUC0‐12), AUC up to the last measurable concentration (AUC0‐t), maximum plasma concentration (Cmax) and time to maximum plasma concentration (tmax). Safety was monitored throughout the study. Of 84 subjects randomized, 76 completed the study. BGF MDI 320/14.4/10 μg was bioequivalent to BUD/FORM MDI 320/9 μg for budesonide for Cmax, AUC0‐12 and AUC0‐t (primary objective). Dose proportionality was observed for the budesonide component between BGF MDI 80/14.4/10 μg and BGF MDI 160/14.4/10 μg, and between BGF MDI 160/14.4/10 μg and BGF MDI 320/14.4/10 μg. Systemic exposure to glycopyrronium and formoterol after BGF MDI 320/14.4/10 μg treatment was similar to GFF MDI 14.4/10 μg. The rate of adverse events was 3.7‐17.9% across treatments without any serious adverse events. In conclusion, BGF MDI 320/14.4/10 μg had a similar budesonide PK profile to BUD/FORM MDI 320/9 μg. No PK drug‐drug interactions were observed when budesonide was added to glycopyrronium and formoterol fumarate dihydrate. These data support the use of budesonide 320 μg and 160 μg in future clinical trials of BGF MDI in COPD.
 Predictors of response to treatment from two randomized, double-blind, active-controlled studies combining olodaterol respimat® and tiotropium handihaler® in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  Rationale Two replicate, double‐blind, randomized, 12‐week studies (ANHELTO 1 [NCT01694771] and ANHELTO 2 [NCT01696058]) demonstrated that tiotropium (T) 18 μg (HandiHaler®) and olodaterol (O) 5 μg (Respimat®) provided bronchodilatory effects above T alone in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).1 There are currently minimal data describing the efficacy of T HandiHaler® combined with O Respimat®. This sub‐analysis, therefore, investigated the efficacy of this combination compared to T and placebo (P) in COPD patients with different baseline characteristics. Methods The two co‐primary efficacy end points for the two parallel studies were area under the curve of forced expiratory volume in 1 second from 0‐3 hours (FEV1 AUC0‐3) and trough FEV1 (both measured at 12 weeks). For our pre‐specified sub‐analysis we combined data from both trials and related the following baseline characteristics to bronchodilator efficacy: COPD disease severity, gender, FEV1 reversibility, prior long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA) use, inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) use, prior LABA+ICS use, and smoking status. Results The figure illustrates that T+O resulted in improvements in FEV1 AUC0‐3 compared to T+P at 12 weeks for all these baseline characteristics. Comparative trough FEV1 responses (data not shown) followed a similar pattern, with greater bronchodilator response with the combination, although the magnitude was lower than for FEV1 AUC0‐3 response. (Table Presented) Conclusions T (via HandiHaler®) in free combination with O (via Respimat®) led to greater bronchodilation than T alone in patients with COPD. Baseline demographic and disease severity characteristics did not predict the magnitude of response.
 Is Blood Eosinophil Count a Predictor of Response to Bronchodilators in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease? Results from Post Hoc Subgroup Analyses;  BACKGROUND: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) patients with blood eosinophil (EOS) count ≥ 2% benefit from exacerbation reductions with inhaled corticosteroids (ICSs). We conducted post hoc analyses to determine if EOS count ≥ 2% is a marker for greater responsiveness to the bronchodilators umeclidinium (UMEC; long‐acting muscarinic antagonist), vilanterol (VI; long‐acting β2‐agonist) or UMEC/VI combination. METHODS: Effects of once‐daily UMEC/VI 62.5/25, UMEC 62.5 and VI 25 µg versus placebo on trough forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1), Transition Dyspnoea Index (TDI), St George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) scores and adverse event (AE) incidences in four completed, 6‐month studies were assessed by EOS subgroup. Trough FEV1 was also evaluated by ICS use and EOS subgroup. Analyses were performed using a repeated measures model. RESULTS: At baseline, 2437 of 4647 (52%) patients had EOS count ≥ 2%. Overall, ≈ 50% of patients used ICSs. At day 169, no notable variations were observed in trough FEV1 least squares mean differences between EOS subgroups versus placebo for UMEC/VI, UMEC and VI; results according to ICS use were similar. No differences were reported between EOS subgroups in TDI and SGRQ scores on day 168, or for incidences of AEs, serious AEs and AEs leading to withdrawal. CONCLUSIONS: Response to UMEC/VI, UMEC and VI in terms of trough FEV1, dyspnoea and health‐related quality of life was similar for COPD patients with baseline EOS counts ≥ 2 or <2%. EOS count did not appear to predict bronchodilator response in either ICS users or non‐users.
 Comparative efficacy of once-daily umeclidinium and twice-daily salmeterol in symptomatic patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease free of inhaled corticosteroids: results from the EMAX trial;  Rationale: Symptom relief is reported to be similar when using long‐acting muscarinic antagonists (LAMAs) or long‐acting β2‐agonists (LABAs) in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD); consequently, no clear choice of first‐line therapy is advocated in low‐risk patients. In contrast, fewer COPD exacerbations are observed with LAMA therapy in high‐risk patients compared with LABA, so we have now compared umeclidinium (UMEC), a once‐daily LAMA, and salmeterol (SAL), a twice‐daily LABA, in symptomatic inhaled corticosteroid (ICS)‐free patients at low exacerbation risk, across a range of patient‐reported outcomes (PROs). Methods: In the Early MAXimization of bronchodilation for improving COPD stability (EMAX) trial, maintenance‐naïve or single maintenance bronchodilator‐treated patients ≥40 years of age with post‐salbutamol forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) 30%‐80% predicted, COPD Assessment Test (CAT) score ≥10, and ≤1 moderate exacerbation in the past year were randomized 1:1:1 to 24 weeks of UMEC 62.5 mcg once‐daily or SAL 50 mcg twice‐daily (or UMEC/vilanterol [VI] 62.5/25 mcg once‐daily [data reported separately]). Trough FEV1, forced vital capacity (FVC), inspiratory capacity (IC), PROs (Transition Dyspnoea Index [TDI], Evaluating Respiratory Symptoms‐COPD [E‐RS], St George's Respiratory Questionnaire [SGRQ], and CAT), and risk of a first COPD exacerbation were compared for UMEC versus SAL as secondary endpoints. Adverse events (AEs) were recorded. Results: Overall, 804 and 809 patients received UMEC and SAL, respectively; baseline characteristics were similar between groups. UMEC provided significantly greater improvements in lung function versus SAL across all timepoints and measures (trough FEV1 [mL and %], FVC and IC; Week 24 values all p<0.001, Table). A significantly greater proportion of patients were SGRQ responders with UMEC (41%) versus SAL (36%) at Week 24 (p=0.045); however, the proportions of responders for other PROs were similar between treatments (Table). Fewer patients receiving UMEC than SAL experienced an on‐treatment moderate/severe exacerbation; although this difference did not reach statistical significance (p=0.067). AE incidence was similar between groups. Conclusion: In symptomatic low‐risk, ICS‐free patients, once‐daily UMEC improved all lung function measures compared with twice‐daily SAL, with an improvement in the proportion of patients achieving a clinically important response in terms of SGRQ. For all other PROs, improvements were similar between regimens.
 A comparison of the efficacy and safety of once-daily fluticasone furoate/vilanterol with twice-daily fluticasone propionate/salmeterol in moderate to very severe COPD;  Fluticasone furoate/vilanterol trifenatate (FF/VI) is a once‐daily inhaled corticosteroid/long‐acting β₂‐agonist combination in development for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) treatment. We compared the efficacy and safety of FF/VI versus fluticasone propionate/salmeterol (FP/SAL) twice daily over 12 weeks. Moderate to very severe COPD patients received FF/VI 100/25 μg once daily in the morning (n=266) or FP/SAL 500/50 μg twice daily (n=262). The primary end‐point was a change from baseline in 0‐24 h weighted mean forced expiratory volume in 1 s (wmFEV₁) at 12 weeks. Additional end‐points included time to 100 mL improvement from baseline on day 1 and a change from baseline in St George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ). Safety was also assessed. wmFEV₁ (mean 130 mL) was greater and time to 100 mL improvement shorter (median 16 min) with FF/VI than FP/SAL (weighted mean 108 mL, median 28 min). Health status (SGRQ total score) improved in both groups (FF/VI ‐4.3 units, FP/SAL ‐3.0 units). Differences between treatments were not statistically significant. Six patients in the FF/VI (2%) and three in the FP/SAL (1%) arm experienced serious adverse events, none of which were considered to be drug related. Improvements in lung function and health status were not significantly different between FF/VI 100/25 μg once daily and FP/SAL 500/50 μg twice daily; there was no apparent difference between the safety profiles of either therapy.
 Effect of triple therapy in patients with asthma-COPD overlap;  OBJECTIVE: Asthma‐chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) overlap (ACO) is of increasing interest because ACO patients have significantly worse outcomes, leading to greater social and economic burdens compared with asthma or COPD alone. Some guidelines for ACO recommend triple therapy with inhaled corticosteroids, long‐acting β2 agonists, and long‐acting muscarinic antagonists. However, this approach is based on extrapolating data from patients with asthma or COPD alone. Therapeutic studies for ACO have not previously been conducted. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A 12‐week, randomized, open‐label cross‐over pilot study was conducted in 17 ACO patients to evaluate the effect of umeclidinium (UMEC) 62.5 µg once‐daily added to fluticasone furoate/vilanterol (FF/VI) 200/25 µg once‐daily. A 4‐week run‐in, a first and a second 4‐week treatment period were included. Respiratory function, respiratory impedance, fractional exhaled nitric oxide, COPD assessment test, and asthma control test scores were evaluated 0, 4, and 8 weeks after randomization. RESULTS: Mean values of post‐bronchodilator forced expiratory volume in 1 second as a percentage of the predicted value (%FEV1), after UMEC was added to FF/VI, were significantly higher than after the run‐in (p < 0.01). Mean values of resonant frequency during inspiration (Fres), after UMEC was added to FF/VI, were significantly lower than after the run‐in (p < 0.01). CONCLUSION: Adding UMEC to FF/VI provides greater improvement in lung function, indicating that triple therapy is a suitable regular treatment for ACO.
 Cost-effectiveness of adding budesonide/formoterol to tiotropium in severe COPD patients in four Nordic countries;  Objective: To assess the cost‐effectiveness of budesonide/formoterol (B/F)+tiotropium (TIO) versus placebo (PBO)+TIO for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) patients eligible for inhaled corticosteroid/ long‐acting β2‐agonist from societal and healthcare perspectives in Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden. Method: The cost‐effectiveness analysis was based on the 12‐week, randomised, double‐blind CLIMB trial (NCT00496470) of 659 COPD patients with prebronchodilator FEV1 ≤50%, and at least one severe exacerbation (hospitalisation, emergency room visit or systemic glucocorticosteroids) the preceding year. Subjects were treated with B/F 320/9μg bid+TIO 18μg qd or PBO bid+TIO 18μg qd. Effectiveness was defined as the number of exacerbations avoided. A subanalysis included antibiotics in the definition of an exacerbation. Resource use from the trial was combined with 2010 Danish (DKK), Finnish (€), Norwegian (NOK) and Swedish (SEK) unit costs. The incremental cost‐effectiveness ratios (ICERs) were estimated by bootstrapping. Results: From a societal perspective, the ICER was estimated at €174 per exacerbation avoided (pEA) in Finland while B/F+TIO was dominant in the other countries. From a healthcare perspective, B/F+TIO was dominant in Norway and the ICERs were estimated at DKK 1,580 (€212), €307, SEK 1,573 (€165) pEA for Denmark, Finland and Sweden, respectively. Including antibiotics decreased ICERs by 8‐15%. Sensitivity analyses showed that results were overall robust. Conclusion: The results indicate that B/F+TIO represents a clinical and economic benefit to health systems and society for the treatment of COPD in the Nordic countries.
 EFFECT OF EXTRA-FINE TRIPLE THERAPY WITH BECOMETHASONE DIPROPIONATE/FORMOTEROL FUMARATE/GLYCOPYRRONIUM BROMIDE (BDP/FF/GB) PRESSURIZED METERED DOSE INHALER (PMDI) ON EXACERBATIONS IN EAST ASIAN PATIENTS WITH COPD: THE TRIVERSYTI STUDY;  SESSION TITLE: Obstructive Lung Disease Posters SESSION TYPE: Original Investigation Posters PRESENTED ON: October 18‐21, 2020 PURPOSE: The estimated overall prevalence of COPD in China in 2014–15 was 13.6% for people ≥ 40 years old, indicating a major public‐health problem. COPD exacerbations are a major cause of death and are associated with significant medical expenditure. Strategies to appropriately treat COPD are needed urgently. Randomized clinical trials in Europe have shown triple therapy with extra‐fine BDP/FF/GB pMDI to provide significant clinical benefits over tiotropium, BDP/FF and indacaterol/glycopyrronium. The efficacy and safety of this product in an East Asian population has not previously been evaluated. One of the aims of the TRIVERSYTI study was to compare BDP/FF/GB pMDI to the fixed combination inhaled corticosteroid/long‐acting β2‐agonist budesonide/formoterol fumarate (BUD/FF) dry powder inhaler (DPI) on moderate‐to‐severe exacerbations in patients from China, South Korea and Taiwan. METHODS: TRIVERSYTI was a phase III multicentre, randomized, double‐blind, double‐dummy, parallel group trial comparing a 24‐week treatment with BDP/FF/GB pMDI (100/6/12.5 µg/actuation, 2 inhalations bid) to BUD/FF DPI (160/4.5 µg/inhalation, 2 inhalations bid) (Symbicort® Turbuhaler®). Enrolled patients were diagnosed with COPD, a post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC ratio < 0.7 and FEV1 < 50% predicted, had a history of ≥1 exacerbation in the past year and had to be on stable single or dual inhaled maintenance COPD therapy for ≥2 months. Annualized rate of moderate‐to‐severe exacerbations and time to first event were tested as secondary efficacy endpoints. Treatment‐emergent pneumonia was recorded. RESULTS: 614 patients were randomized and 545 completed the study. In comparison to BUD/FF, treatment with BDP/FF/GB resulted in a 40% reduction of moderate‐to‐severe COPD exacerbations (rate ratio [95% CI]: 0.600 [0.439; 0.819], p=0.001), with a 47% reduction considering Chinese participants only (rate ratio [95% CI]: 0.526 [0.371; 0.746], p<0.001). Delay in time to first moderate‐to‐severe exacerbation was observed in patients treated with BDP/FF/GB compared to BUD/FF (Hazard Ratio [95% CI]:0.561 [0.407; 0.772], p<0.001). In the overall safety population, the rate of pneumonia was 64.2 and 99.6 /1000 patient‐years on BDP/FF/GB and BUD/FF, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Treatment with extra‐fine BDP/FF/GB pMDI provided a significant reduction of moderate‐to‐severe exacerbations with a numerically lower rate of pneumonia compared to BUD/FF DPI in patients with COPD, severe airflow limitation and history of exacerbations. CLINICAL IMPLICATIONS: Treatment of severe COPD with extra‐fine BDP/FF/GB pMDI can help address a significant unmet medical need in East Asia and specifically in China. DISCLOSURES: Employee relationship with Chiesi Farmaceutici Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 03/23/2020 by Simonetta BALDI, source=Web Response, value=Salary Employee relationship with Chiesi Farmaceutici, S.p.A. Please note: >$100000 Added 03/20/2020 by George Georges, source=Web Response, value=Salary Employee relationship with Chiesi S.A.S Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 03/27/2020 by FREDERIQUE GRAPIN, source=Web Response, value=Salary Employee relationship with Chiesi Farmaceutici S.p.A Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 03/23/2020 by Alessandro Guasconi, source=Web Response, value=Salary No relevant relationships by Kwan Ho Lee, source=Web Response No relevant relationships by Zhao Li, source=Admin input no disclosure on file for Huiping Li; Advisory Committee Member relationship with Aastrazeneca, Chiesi, GSK, TEVA, menarini, novartis, Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 03/23/2020 by Alberto Papi, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Removed 03/23/2020 by Alberto Papi, source=Web Response Advisory Committee Member relationship with Astrazeneca, Chiesi, GSK, TEVA Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 03/23/2020 by Alberto Papi, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Advisory Committee Member relationship with edmondpharma, zambon, sanofi, Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 03/23/2020 by Alberto Papi, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with AZ, GSK, Chiesi NOVARTIs, BI, sanofi, Zambon Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 03/23/2020 by Alberto Papi, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Consultant relationship with AstraZeneca Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 03/23/2020 by Dave Singh, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Consultant relationship with Chiesi Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 03/23/2020 by Dave Singh, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Consultant relationship with Novartis Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 03/23/2020 by Dave Singh, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Consultant relationship with Boehinger Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 03/23/2020 by Dave Singh, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Consultant relationship with GSK Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 03/23/2020 by Dave Singh, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Consultant relationship with Menaini Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 03/23/2020 by Dave Singh, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Consultant relationship with Therevance Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 03/23/2020 by Dave Singh, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Consultant relationship with Cipla Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 03/23/2020 by Dave Singh, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Advisory Committee Member relationship with AstraZeneca Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 04/07/2020 by Jin‐Ping Zheng, source=Admin input, value=Consulting fee Advisory Committee Member relationship with Boehringer Ingelheim Please note: $1‐$1000 Added 04/07/2020 by Jin‐Ping Zheng, source=Admin input, value=Consulting fee
 Efficacy and Safety of Dupilumab for COPD with Type 2 Inflammation Indicated by Elevated Eosinophils;  Introduction: Dupilumab (DPL), a fully human mAb, blocks the shared receptor component for IL‐4 and IL‐13, key/central drivers of Type 2 (T2) inflammation. The objective is to determine efficacy/safety in patients with moderateto‐ severe COPD with T2 inflammation. Methods: BOREAS (NCT03930732) was a 52‐week (wk), phase 3, randomized, double‐blind, placebo (PBO)‐controlled trial of efficacy/safety of biweekly DPL 300mg in COPD pts with blood eosinophils ≥ 300cells/μL at screening, on triple therapy (an inhaled corticosteroid [ICS], long‐acting β2‐agonists [LABA], and long‐acting muscarinic antagonists [LAMA]; or LABA/LAMA if ICS was contraindicated) without asthma diagnosis/history. Primary endpoint: annualized rate of moderate‐severe exacerbations. Secondary/other endpoints: change from baseline (BL) in pre‐bronchodilator FEV 1 at wk 12 and wk 52; cumulative exacerbations over time; safety. Results: 939 participants were randomized to PBO (N = 471) or DPL (N = 468). DPL reduced exacerbation rates by 30 % vs PBO (p = 0.0005). DPL significantly increased pre‐BD FEV 1 at wk 12 (LSM difference vs PBO: 83mL, p < 0.0001); sustained through wk 52 (83mL, p = 0.0003). This trended towards reduced exacerbation‐associated annualized total SCS treatment duration for DPL (13.57 days [SD 13.17] vs for PBO (19.09 days [SD 20.65]). Safety similar in DPL and PBO groups; TEAEs balanced. Conclusions: DPL significantly improved moderate‐severe exacerbations, lung function, quality of life, and symptoms in COPD patients with T2 inflammation. The use of SCS days required for the treatment of AECOPD trended lower with DPL.
 Efficacy and safety of revefenacin for nebulization in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease taking concomitant ICS/LABA or LABA: subgroup analysis from phase III trials;  BACKGROUND: Combinations of a long‐acting muscarinic receptor antagonist (LAMA), long‐acting β‐agonist (LABA), and inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) are used for patients with persistent chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) exacerbations on bronchodilator monotherapy. In this prespecified subgroup analysis, we assessed the efficacy and safety of the LAMA revefenacin in patients with COPD taking concomitant LABA, including ICS/LABA (LABA subgroup). METHODS: Efficacy data were obtained from two 12‐week, replicate, placebo‐controlled trials and safety data were pooled from the 12‐week and a 52‐week tiotropium‐controlled trial. Patients received revefenacin 175 µg or placebo in the 12‐week or tiotropium 18 µg in the 52‐week studies. The efficacy endpoint was least squares (LS) mean change from baseline in trough forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1). Clinical health outcomes were assessed using the St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ). RESULTS: Revefenacin produced similar improvements from baseline in trough FEV1 in the non‐LABA and LABA subgroups [placebo‐adjusted LS mean change (95% confidence interval) in day 85 trough FEV1, 150.9 (110.3‐191.6) ml and 139.2 (82.9‐195.5) ml; p < 0.0001 versus placebo]. Similar improvements were observed in SGRQ scores in the non‐LABA and LABA subgroups [‐3.3 (‐5.4 to ‐1.2) and ‐3.4 (‐6.3 to ‐0.6)]. Improvements in lung function and health outcomes were observed regardless of airflow obstruction severity. Revefenacin was well tolerated with more adverse events reported in the LABA than the non‐LABA subgroup. CONCLUSIONS: Once daily revefenacin for nebulization can be an effective and well‐tolerated treatment for patients who require concomitant use of LABA with or without ICS. CLINICALTRIALS.GOV IDENTIFIERS: NCT02512510, NCT02459080, NCT02518139 The reviews of this paper are available via the supplemental material section.
 COPD Maintenance Therapy with Tiotropium/Olodaterol Compared with Tiotropium: an Analysis in the Absence of Additional ICS Therapy;  The American Thoracic Society guidelines recommend long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA)/long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) dual bronchodilation over LAMA or LABA monotherapy as maintenance therapy for patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease suffering from dyspnea or exercise intolerance. Previous studies, which included patients receiving background inhaled corticosteroids (ICS), have shown the benefits of dual bronchodilation over monotherapy. This analysis aimed to confirm the benefits of LAMA/LABA over LAMA alone, without any confounding effects from ICS use. This pooled post hoc analysis compared the efficacy of tiotropium/olodaterol with tiotropium alone in patients from the TONADO® and OTEMTO® clinical trials who were not receiving ICS at study entry or during the studies. We analyzed change from baseline in trough forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1), St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) score and Transition Dyspnea Index (TDI) score in all patients, by Global Initiative for Chronic Obstructive Lung Disease (GOLD) stage, baseline SGRQ score, and Baseline Dyspnea Index score. In this analysis of 1596 patients, tiotropium/olodaterol improved trough FEV1, SGRQ and TDI compared with tiotropium alone. The observed mean differences were: trough FEV1, 0.054 L (95% confidence interval [CI] 0.036, 0.073; p < 0.001); SGRQ, ‐1.918 (95% CI ‐2.994, ‐0.843; p < 0.001); and TDI, 0.575 (95% CI 0.301, 0.848; p < 0.001). Similar improvements were seen in each of the subgroup analyses. Tiotropium/olodaterol therapy significantly improved lung function, symptoms and health status compared with tiotropium alone. In a population free from ICS treatment, these data confirm the benefits of dual bronchodilation versus monotherapy.
 Efficacy and safety of fluticasone furoate/vilanterol or tiotropium in subjects with COPD at cardiovascular risk;  Background: Fluticasone furoate/vilanterol (FF/VI) is a novel, once‐daily, inhaled corticosteroid/long‐acting β2‐agonist combination approved for the treatment of COPD and asthma. We compared the safety and efficacy of FF/VI and tiotropium (TIO) in subjects with moderate‐to‐severe COPD with greater risk for comorbid cardiovascular disease (CVD). Methods: This randomized, blinded, double‐dummy, parallel‐group study compared a once‐daily morning dose of FF/VI 100/25 mcg delivered via ELLIPTA™ with TIO 18 mcg via HandiHaler® for 12 weeks in subjects with diagnosed COPD, forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) 30%–70% predicted, and CVD or CVD risk. The primary endpoint was change from baseline in 24‐hour weighted mean FEV1 on Day 84. Other efficacy endpoints included time to onset of bronchodilation, trough FEV1, other spirometry measures, rescue medication use, symptoms, quality of life (St George’s Respiratory Questionnaire‐COPD [SGRQ‐C]), and health status (COPD Assessment Tests [CAT]) measures. Safety endpoints included cardiovascular monitoring, cortisol excretion, COPD exacerbations, and adverse events, including prespecified drug effects. Results: Both FF/VI and TIO improved the 24‐hour weighted mean FEV1 from baseline after 12 weeks with no significant difference between treatments. Other endpoints favored FF/VI for time to onset of bronchodilation, rescue medication use, dyspnea, SGRQ‐C and CAT scores, or favored TIO for change from baseline in forced vital capacity and inspiratory capacity. Pneumonia occurred more frequently in the FF/VI group, and two TIO‐treated subjects died following cardiovascular events. Other safety measures were similar between groups, and cardiovascular monitoring did not reveal increased CVD risk. Conclusion: Both FF/VI and TIO were efficacious in improving lung function in subjects with COPD and comorbid CVD or CVD risk factors, with minor differences in efficacy and safety profiles.
 Effects of tiotropium + olodaterol versus tiotropium or placebo by COPD disease severity and previous treatment history in the OTEMTO® studies;  BACKGROUND: As lung function declines rapidly in the early stages of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), the effects of bronchodilators in patients with moderate disease and those who have not previously received maintenance therapy are of interest. OTEMTO® 1 and 2 were two replicate, 12‐week, Phase III studies investigating the benefit of tiotropium + olodaterol on lung function and quality of life in patients with moderate to severe disease. Post hoc analyses were performed to assess the benefits for patients according to disease severity and treatment history. METHODS: Four subgroup analyses were performed: Global initiative for chronic Obstructive Lung Disease (GOLD) 2/3, GOLD A/B/C/D, treatment naive/not treatment naive and receiving inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) at baseline/not receiving ICS at baseline. Primary end points were change in forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1) area under the curve from 0 to 3 h response, change in trough FEV1 and St George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) total score. Transition Dyspnoea Index (TDI) focal score was a secondary end point, and SGRQ and TDI responder analyses were further end points; all were assessed at 12 weeks. RESULTS: In all subgroups, patients receiving tiotropium + olodaterol responded better overall than those receiving tiotropium monotherapy. Improvements with tiotropium + olodaterol over placebo or tiotropium monotherapy were noted across GOLD 2/3 and GOLD A/B/C/D; however, improvements in SGRQ total score were most evident in the GOLD B subgroup. Moreover, lung‐function outcomes were generally greater in those patients who had been receiving previous long‐acting bronchodilator and/or ICS maintenance treatment. CONCLUSIONS: These data suggest that tiotropium + olodaterol should be considered as a treatment option in patients with moderate COPD who are initiating maintenance therapy, as well as those with more severe disease. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT01964352 and NCT02006732 .
 Efficacy of Aclidinium Bromide According to Baseline Therapy: post-Hoc Analysis of ASCENT-COPD Randomized Trial;  Introduction: Long‐acting muscarinic antagonists (LAMAs), long‐acting ?2‐agonists (LABAs), inhaled corticosteroids (ICS), and their combinations, are recommended for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). This study aimed to determine whether the safety and efficacy of aclidinium bromide differs by baseline maintenance LABA and ICS therapies. Methods: ASCENT‐COPD was a phase 4, multicenter, double‐blind, randomized, placebo‐controlled, parallel‐group study of patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD and increased cardiovascular risk. Patients were randomized 1:1 to receive aclidinium 400�?g or placebo twice daily, via a multidose dry‐powder inhaler for up to 3 years. Outcomes included time to first major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE), all‐cause mortality, change from baseline in trough forced expiratory volume in 1�s (FEV1), and COPD assessment test (CAT) total score over 3�years, and annual moderate‐to‐severe COPD exacerbation rate in patients receiving aclidinium or placebo with maintenance LABA monotherapy, ICS monotherapy, LABA + ICS (fixed/free), or no maintenance therapy (neither LABA nor ICS) at baseline. Results: A total of 3589 patients were included (LABA, n = 227; ICS, n = 290; LABA + ICS, n = 2058; no maintenance, n = 1130). Aclidinium did not increase the risk of MACE or all‐cause mortality versus placebo, regardless of baseline maintenance treatment. Reductions in moderate‐to‐severe exacerbation rates were observed with aclidinium versus placebo in all subgroups [LABA 43% (P = 0.046); ICS 25% (P = 0.202); LABA + ICS 22% (P = 0.003); no maintenance 18% (P = 0.130)]. Aclidinium improved morning trough FEV1 irrespective of baseline therapy and CAT total scores, except for LABA and ICS subgroups, versus placebo at several time points. Conclusion: In patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD and CV risk factors, the addition of aclidinium to maintenance therapy with LABA or LABA + ICS provided further benefit. Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov identifier NCT01966107.
 The effect of umeclidinium on lung function and symptoms in patients with fixed airflow obstruction and reversibility to salbutamol: a randomised, 3-phase study;  INTRODUCTION: The long‐acting muscarinic antagonist, umeclidinium (UMEC), combined with the inhaled corticosteroid, fluticasone furoate (FF), improves lung function in symptomatic patients with asthma. We assessed FF/UMEC in patients with a primary diagnosis of asthma or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), but physiological characteristics of both (fixed airflow obstruction and reversibility to salbutamol). METHODS: This double‐blind, parallel‐arm, 3‐phase study randomised 338 patients (1:1:1:1:2:2) to FF 100 mcg alone or combined with UMEC (15.6, 62.5, 125, or 250 mcg) or vilanterol 25 mcg (Phase A, 4 weeks). Primary endpoint: change from baseline in clinic trough forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1) (end of Phase A). Secondary endpoints: morning peak expiratory flow (PEF), rescue medication use and Evaluating Respiratory Symptoms in COPD (E‐RS™: COPD) scores. Safety was assessed. RESULTS: In the intent‐to‐treat population, the increase in trough FEV1 over FF was significant for FF/UMEC 62.5 (0.140 L [p = 0.019]) and 125 mcg (0.120 L [p = 0.039]), with similar changes for patients with a primary diagnosis of asthma or COPD. Changes from baseline in morning PEF and E‐RS total score were greater for all FF/UMEC doses vs FF (p ≤ 0.05). Change from baseline in rescue medication use was statistically or clinically significant for all FF/UMEC doses vs FF. The incidence of on‐treatment adverse events was 15%‐32% (Phase A), with no dose‐related effects. CONCLUSIONS: FF/UMEC 62.5 mcg produced clinically meaningful improvements in FEV1, morning PEF, E‐RS total score and rescue medication use. FF/UMEC may benefit patients with features of both asthma and COPD. CLINICALTRIALS.GOV: NCT02164539; GSK: 200699.
 Higher COPD Assessment Test Score Associated With Greater Exacerbations Risk: a Post Hoc Analysis of the IMPACT Trial;  Background: In the InforMing the PAthway of COPD Treatment (IMPACT) trial, single‐inhaler fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) reduced moderate/severe exacerbation rates versus FF/ VI and UMEC/VI in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). This post hoc analysis tested the relationship between baseline health status, risk of future exacerbations, and efficacy outcomes. Methods: IMPACT was a Phase 3, double‐blind, 52‐week trial in patients with symptomatic COPD (COPD Assessment Test [CAT] score ≥10) and ≥1 moderate/severe exacerbation in the prior year randomized 2:2:1 to FF/UMEC/VI 100/62.5/25mcg, FF/VI 100/25mcg, or UMEC/VI 62.5/25mcg. Annual rate of on‐treatment moderate/severe exacerbations, lung function, and safety were analyzed by continuous baseline CAT score. Results: Moderate/severe exacerbation rates increased with increasing baseline CAT scores in FF/UMEC/ VI and UMEC/VI arms. There was a very small increase in on‐treatment pneumonia rates at higher baseline CAT scores across all treatment arms. FF/UMEC/VI reduced moderate/severe exacerbation rates versus UMEC/VI (i.e., the inhaled corticosteroid effect) consistently across the range of CAT scores. The reduction with FF/UMEC/VI versus FF/VI (i.e., the long‐acting muscarinic antagonist effect) was greatest at lower CAT scores and appeared lesser at higher CAT scores. Improvements in lung function were observed with FF/UMEC/VI versus FF/VI and UMEC/VI, regardless of baseline CAT score. Conclusion: The CAT score was predictive of exacerbation risk. Worse baseline health status was associated with higher moderate/severe exacerbation and pneumonia rates. Irrespective of baseline CAT score, FF/ UMEC/VI improved lung function, and reduced the annual moderate/severe exacerbation rates versus dual therapy. Results indicate an overall favorable benefit‐risk profile of triple versus dual therapy, irrespective of CAT score.
 Early efficacy of budesonide/formoterol in patients with moderate-to-very-severe COPD;  BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Large clinical trials have confirmed the long‐term efficacy of inhaled corticosteroid/long‐acting β2‐agonist combinations in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). It was hypothesized that significant treatment effects would already be present within 3 months after the initiation of treatment across a range of clinical outcomes, irrespective of COPD severity. METHODS: Post hoc analysis of 3‐month post‐randomization outcomes, including exacerbation rates, dropouts, symptoms, reliever use, and lung function, from three studies with similar inclusion criteria of moderate‐to‐very‐severe COPD. Patients (n=1,571) were treated with budesonide/formoterol (B/F) 320/9 μg or placebo, twice daily; in one study, tiotropium 18 μg once daily was also given. RESULTS: Over the first 3 months of treatment, fewer patients randomized to B/F experienced exacerbations versus the placebo group (111 and 196 patients with ≥1 exacerbation, respectively). This was true in each COPD severity group. Compared with placebo, B/F treatment led to significantly lower 3‐month exacerbation rates in the moderate and severe COPD severity groups (46% and 57% reduction, respectively), with a nonsignificant reduction (29%) in very severe COPD. Fewer dropouts occurred among patients treated with B/F versus placebo, this effect being greater with increasing COPD severity. B/F was associated with improved forced expiratory volume in 1 s, morning peak expiratory flow rate, total reliever use, and total symptom score versus placebo. CONCLUSION: Treatment with B/F decreased exacerbations in patients with moderate‐to‐very‐severe COPD within 3 months of commencing treatment. This effect was paralleled by improved lung function, less reliever medication use, and fewer symptoms, irrespective of disease severity.
 Triple therapy with salmeterol/fluticasone propionate 50/250 plus tiotropium bromide improve lung function versus individual treatments in moderate-to-severe Japanese COPD patients: a randomized controlled trial - Evaluation of Airway sGaw after treatment with tripLE;  PURPOSE: Triple therapy using salmeterol/fluticasone propionate (FP) and tiotropium bromide is commonly used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), but sparse efficacy data exist in COPD patients with fewer symptoms and with a lower dose of inhaled corticosteroid in Japanese patients. The effects of of salmeterol/fluticasone propionate 50/250 μg (SFC250) twice daily plus tiotropium 18 μg (TIO) once daily and individual treatments on lung function were compared. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Fifty three Japanese COPD patients participated in this randomized, double‐blind, double‐dummy, Williams square design crossover study. Lung function was assessed by plethysmography and spirometry. RESULTS: The primary endpoint of postdose specific airway conductance area under the curve (AUC0‐4h) on day 28 was significantly higher following SFC250 + TIO (0.854) compared with TIO (0.737, 15.8%) and SFC250 (0.663, 28.8%) alone. SFC250 + TIO significantly improved trough forced expiratory volume in 1 second from baseline versus TIO (0.161 L, P<0.001) and SFC250 (0.103 L, P=0.008). SFC250 + TIO significantly improved residual volume compared with TIO (P<0.001) and SFC250 (P=0.003) on day 28. Nonsignificant improvements were seen in trough inspiratory capacity, total lung capacity, and thoracic gas volume. There was no mean change seen in rescue medication. CONCLUSION: Triple therapy using SFC250 + TIO was well tolerated and gave a greater improvement in bronchodilation compared with TIO and SFC250 alone in Japanese patients with COPD. There was improvement in few symptoms, but no mean change was seen in patient‐reported outcomes measured by rescue medication use.
 Evaluation of airway sGaw in Japanese COPD patients treated with triple therapy using salmeterol/fluticasone propionate 50/250 and tiotropium bromide;  Background: Triple therapy using salmeterol/fluticasone propionate (SFC) and tiotropium bromide (TIO) is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), but few‐evidence have been published in Japanese COPD patients with a lower dose of inhaled corticosteroid. Aims and Objectives: To compare the effects on lung function of triple therapy using SFC 50/250 mcg(SFC250) twice daily and TIO 18 mcg once daily with the individual treatments in Japanese COPD patients during a 4‐week treatment period. Methods: This was a randomised, double blind, crossover study. Patients were aged 40 80 years with a smoking history of >10 pack years, post bronchodilator forced expiratory volume in 1s (FEV1) ≥30% to ≤75% predicted normal, post bronchodilator FEV1/forced vital capacity (FVC) ratio <70%. The primary endpoint was postdose specific airway conductance (sGaw) area under the curve (AUC0‐4h ) on day 28. Lung functions (sGaw, sRaw, forced expiratory volume in 1 sec (FEV1)) were all assessed by plethysmography. Results: Fifty three‐COPD patients participated. sGawAUC on day 28 was significantly higher following SFC250+TIO (0.854) compared with TIO (0.737, 15.8%, p<0.001) and SFC250 (0.663, 28.8%, p<0.001) alone. SFC250+TIO significantly improved trough FEV1 from baseline versus TIO (0.161 L p<0.001) and SFC50/250 mcg (0.103 L, p=0.008). All treatments were tolerated with AEs reported by 33% (SFC250 and TIO), 16% (TIO) and 22% (SFC50/250) of patients. Conclusion: These results suggested that triple therapy using SFC250 and TIO improves lung functions compared with the individual treatments and was tolerated in Japanese COPD patients.
 Dual bronchodilation vs triple therapy in the real-life daccord study;  Introduction: No observational studies have evaluated 'real‐world' effectiveness of dual bronchodilation vs triple therapy in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Methods: DACCORD is a non‐interventional, observational clinical study that recruited patients following COPD maintenance therapy initiation or change as per decision of the treating physician. Subgroups receiving long‐acting β2‐agonist plus long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LABA+LAMA) or triple therapy (LABA plus LAMA plus inhaled corticosteroid, ICS) were compared using a matched‐pairs approach (each group N=1046). Moderate/severe exacerbations were collected every three months over 1 year. Results: Over 1 year, fewer LABA+LAMA patients exacerbated than patients on triple therapy (16.7% vs 29.6%; p<0.001). When analysed according to prior therapy, the highest rate of exacerbations was in patients already on triple therapy prior to the study who remained on triple therapy (0.418, 95% CI 0.340, 0.513). In comparison, patients who remained on a LABA+LAMA showed an exacerbation rate of 0.196 (95% CI 0.135, 0.287) and those changing from mono‐bronchodilator to LABA+LAMA of 0.189 (95%CI: 0.145, 0.248). Conclusions: In DACCORD patients that were prescribed LABA+LAMA by their treating physician exhibited lower risk for exacerbations compared to patients on triple therapy. This effect might in part be attributed to differences in treatment regimens prior to inclusion and in the effectiveness of long‐acting bronchodilators used in the two treatment arms. The potentially confounding impact of prior medication on study results should be taken into account when interpreting results not only of observational studies but also of randomized controlled trials.
 A Two-Period Open-Label, Single-Dose Crossover Study in Healthy Volunteers to Evaluate the Drug-Drug Interaction Between Cimetidine and Inhaled Extrafine CHF 5993;  BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: CHF 5993 is an extrafine 'triple therapy' combination of the long‐acting muscarinic antagonist glycopyrronium bromide (GB), the long‐acting β2‐agonist formoterol fumarate (FF), and the inhaled corticosteroid beclometasone dipropionate (BDP). It is in development for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and asthma delivered via pressurised metered‐dose inhaler. METHODS: This two‐period, open‐label, crossover study examined the drug‐drug interaction of CHF 5993 and cimetidine. In one period, subjects received cimetidine 800 mg twice daily for 6 days; on the fourth day they also received CHF 5993 (BDP/FF/GB 400/24/100 µg). In the other, they received CHF 5993 alone. Primary objective was to compare the area under the plasma concentration‐time curve from time 0 to last quantifiable concentration (AUC0‐t) of GB, with and without cimetidine. Secondary endpoints included GB AUC0‐12h, maximum concentration (C max), time to C max (t max), elimination half‐life (t ½) and urinary excretion. Pharmacokinetic parameters of BDP, beclometasone‐17‐monopropionate (B17MP; active metabolite of BDP) and formoterol were also evaluated. RESULTS: Twenty‐six subjects were randomised; 25 completed. Co‐administration of CHF 5993 and cimetidine resulted in small, statistically significant increases in GB AUC0‐t, AUC0‐12h and C max vs CHF 5993 (ratios 1.16, 1.21 and 1.26, respectively); t ½, t max and urinary excretion were unaffected. There were small, statistically significant increases in formoterol AUC0‐t, AUC0‐24h and t ½ following co‐administration of cimetidine and CHF 5993; urinary excretion was unaffected. There were no significant differences for either BDP or B17MP. There were few adverse events (AEs), and no serious AEs. CONCLUSIONS: Overall, this study indicates that there is no clinically relevant drug‐drug interaction between CHF 5993 and cimetidine.
 Efficacy and safety of fluticasone furoate/vilanterol or tiotropium in subjects with COPD at cardiovascular risk;  BACKGROUND: Fluticasone furoate/vilanterol (FF/VI) is a novel, once‐daily, inhaled corticosteroid/long‐acting β2‐agonist combination approved for the treatment of COPD and asthma. We compared the safety and efficacy of FF/VI and tiotropium (TIO) in subjects with moderate‐to‐severe COPD with greater risk for comorbid cardiovascular disease (CVD). METHODS: This randomized, blinded, double‐dummy, parallel‐group study compared a once‐daily morning dose of FF/VI 100/25 mcg delivered via ELLIPTA™ with TIO 18 mcg via HandiHaler(®) for 12 weeks in subjects with diagnosed COPD, forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) 30%‐70% predicted, and CVD or CVD risk. The primary endpoint was change from baseline in 24‐hour weighted mean FEV1 on Day 84. Other efficacy endpoints included time to onset of bronchodilation, trough FEV1, other spirometry measures, rescue medication use, symptoms, quality of life (St George's Respiratory Questionnaire‐COPD [SGRQ‐C]), and health status (COPD Assessment Tests [CAT]) measures. Safety endpoints included cardiovascular monitoring, cortisol excretion, COPD exacerbations, and adverse events, including prespecified drug effects. RESULTS: Both FF/VI and TIO improved the 24‐hour weighted mean FEV1 from baseline after 12 weeks with no significant difference between treatments. Other endpoints favored FF/VI for time to onset of bronchodilation, rescue medication use, dyspnea, SGRQ‐C and CAT scores, or favored TIO for change from baseline in forced vital capacity and inspiratory capacity. Pneumonia occurred more frequently in the FF/VI group, and two TIO‐treated subjects died following cardiovascular events. Other safety measures were similar between groups, and cardiovascular monitoring did not reveal increased CVD risk. CONCLUSION: Both FF/VI and TIO were efficacious in improving lung function in subjects with COPD and comorbid CVD or CVD risk factors, with minor differences in efficacy and safety profiles.
 Non-inferiority Evaluation of Trimbow in Critically Ill Patients Admitted in ICU Compared to Standard of Care;  In the ICU, the standard of care is still focused on the use of aerosolized therapies. These therapies are time consuming and largely used unless the lack of proven superiority in comparison with Pressurised metered dose inhalers (pMDIs) which are as effective and easier to use. Moreover, aerosolized therapies are associated with an increased risk of oropharyngeal deposition and not always efficiently delivered. The use of new ventilation techniques like high flow canula oxygen therapy is also challenging in the particular context of inhaled therapies. Nowadays, no data are available to confirm the appropriate deposition of the inhaled therapies. Therefore, it's necessary to have to move forward the evaluation of pMDIs in the particular context of non invasive ventilation (for example with high‐flow nasal oxygen therapy). As the use of triple therapy is now the standard of care in COPD patients experiencing a severe exacerbation, it is the objective to propose the introduction of Trimbow as soon as possible following the onset of a severe exacerbation, even in critically ill patients. 3 Study objectives 3.1 Main objective Evaluate the non inferiority of Trimbow associated with the standard of care in comparison with the standard of care alone. 3.2 Secondary objectives Evaluate the other ICU‐stay outcomes and long term outcomes of the patients. 4 Type of Study An open label, prospective randomized trial Phase A : Open label, prospective study in hospital. Shift in phase IV at hospital discharge (reimbursed treatment in Belgium, use of Trimbow as recommended) Phase B : Trimbow prescribed as accepted in Belgium following reimbursement criteria : observational study (12 months), out of hospital. One visit in hospital every 3 months (as usual) with classical evaluation during the visit (clinical, functional, symptomatic, scales, exacerbation) 5 Study population The study population will consist of one cohort of patients admitted in our hospital (CHU DE LIEGE) for acute exacerbation of COPD. The COPD has to be diagnosed based on the international recommendations (GOLD recommendations). The patient has to suffer from an acute severe exacerbation requiring an ICU stay of at least 24hours. Patients will be separated in 2 randomized groups (Trimbow + SOC versus SOC) 1:1. A total of 200 patients will be randomized in this study following the inclusion and exclusions criteria. The study will be spited in 2 phases: ‐ Phase A: Hospitalization (interventional) ‐ Phase B: Follow up study after discharged (observational) Investigational therapy TRIMBOW® pressurised inhalation solution: Beclometasone dipropionate / formoterol fumarate /glycopyrronium 87/5/9 µg per inhalation Reference therapy DUOVENT®: Fenoterol 50 microg/ipratropium 20 microg (400/160 per day to 800/320 per day) Plus FLIXOTIDE®: fluticasone propionate (250‐100 microg/day) Administration Informed consent: our study falls within the context of the law governing clinical studies and requires the signature of an informed consent which will be duly signed with the presence of an investigator and after the patient or his legal representative has been able to ask the set of his questions. Practical aspects At admission in our hospital, the patient or its legal representative will be asked to participate in the TRIMICU study. All the explanations will be given by the data manager in charge of the study. After a period of reflection, a local investigator will re‐consider the different aspects of the study with the various stakeholders and will personally supervise the signing of the informed consent. After signature, the patient will be randomized to trimbow + SOC versus SOC alone. Patients will be randomized in groups of 20 patients 10/10 by the study director or the data nurse. None of them will have any therapeutic contact with patients. Once started, the patient will be followed daily by the data manager during his hospitalization (via study of the computerized file) and once every 3 months after his discharge from hospitalization by telephone contact and a follow‐visit every 3 months. Phase A: Composite primary endpoint At ICU discharge: non inferiority of Trimbow + SOC versus SOC alone ‐ ICU Length of stay ‐ Time of Ventilation At hospital discharge ‐ In hospital length of stay Phase B Explore the survival rate without exacerbation at 1 year. Safety variables Trimbow is known to be efficient in the specific case of severe COPD which is by definition the case of all COPD patients admitted in ICU. As it is the standard of care per se for ambulatory patients, treating patients earlier with this specific therapy designed for COPD patients is theoretically appropriate. Trimbow is compound of bronchodilators and inhaled corticosteroids already used in the specific ICU onset. No safety issue is expected for this specific study. Safety variables ‐ Pneumonia ‐ Time of mechanical ventilation ‐ Need for invasive mechanical ventilation ‐ Ventilator‐acquired pneumonia (VAP) ‐ Tachyarythmia ‐ Myocardial infarction Statistical analysis Two primary endpoints were considered for the sample size determination: (1) the length of hospitalization stay (days) during Phase I, and (2) the survival rate (%) without exacerbation at 1 year during Phase II. It was found that a total of 200 patients (including a 15% drop‐out rate) randomized in two groups of 100 subjects would be necessary to show the non‐inferiority of the "SOC+Trimbow" treatment compared to "SOC alone" treatment with a power of 80% and an overall significance level of 5% for the two outcomes, by using two one‐sided unpaired t‐test at α=0.025. In the power calculation, a non‐inferiority margin of 2 days was assumed for the hospitalization length of stay and of 5% for the survival without exacerbation at 1 year. Statistical Methods Descriptive statistics will be performed for each continuous variable measured and will include mean, median, standard deviation, minimum, maximum and number of available observation. Frequency distributions will be used for ordinal and nominal variables and will include numbers and percentages of each of the scores or categories, and the number of missing observations. All variables will be compared between control group (SOC alone) and test group (SOC + Trimbow) with the convenient statistical test. The primary outcomes i.e. survival without exacerbation at 1 year and length of hospitalization stay, will be compared with a non‐inferiority test. Statistics will be done on the maximum available data. Results will be considered significant at the 5% level (p<0.05). Calculations will be done with SAS version 9.4 and R. Data anonymization and Security Each subject in the study will be assigned a unique subject number and will keep that number throughout the study. The medical investigators will keep a list linking the subject's number to the subject's names. He will follow all applicable privacy laws in order to protect a subject's privacy and confidentiality.
 Respiratory safety profile of indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY) versus salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC): results from the FLAME study;  Introduction: Inhaled corticosteroid use is associated with risk of many adverse events (AEs), including pneumonia. A steroid‐free regimen may offer safety benefits; hence, we conducted a post‐hoc analysis of respiratory‐related AEs in patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD treated with IND/GLY vs SFC from the FLAME study. Methods: This 52‐week, double‐blind, double‐dummy study randomised patients (post‐bronchodilator FEV ≥25% and <60%, ≥1 exacerbation in previous year) to receive (1:1) IND/GLY 110/50 μg o.d. or SFC 50/500 μg b.i.d. Respiratory‐related AEs and serious AEs of special interest (AESI and SAESI) were analysed using the chi‐square test. Results: A total of 3358 randomised patients were included in the safety set. Number of patients (n [%]) with ≥1 respiratory AESI and SAESI was significantly lower with IND/GLY vs SFC (AESI: 444 [26.5%] vs 521 [31.0%]; P=0.004; SAESI: 54 [3.2%] vs 83 [4.9%]; P=0.012). Respiratory composite (all respiratory tract infections, pneumonia, bronchitis, etc.) was the most frequently reported AESI and SAESI. IND/GLY had significantly lower incidence rate (n [%]) for pneumonia (includes pneumonia, lung infection, bacterial pneumonia) vs SFC for AESI (56 [3.3%] vs 85 [5.1%]; P=0.013) and SAESI (34 [2.0%] vs 58 [3.5%]; P=0.011). IND/GLY delayed the time to first AESI of pneumonia (hazard ratio: 0.64, 95%CI: 0.45 to 0.89; P=0.009). Conclusion: Indacaterol/glycopyrronium was associated with fewer respiratory‐related adverse events of special interest, including but not limited to pneumonia compared with salmeterol/fluticasone in the FLAME study.
 Indacaterol vs tiotropium in COPD patients classified as GOLD A and B;  INTRODUCTION: According to current GOLD strategy, patients with COPD classified as groups A and B may be treated with inhaled bronchodilators, either long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA) or long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA). However, there is little guidance on which class of agent is preferred and a lack of prospective data to differentiate the two. METHODS: In this study, we performed post‐hoc analyses of pooled data from two prospective, controlled clinical trials comparing the LABA indacaterol and LAMA tiotropium in 1422 patients with moderate airflow limitation and no history of exacerbations in the previous year. This population fits the definitions of GOLD A and B groups and could be further stratified by symptom severity using Baseline Dyspnea Index (i.e. modeling GOLD A or B) and inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) use at baseline. Outcomes measured after 12 weeks of treatment were lung function (forced expiratory volume in 1 s; FEV1), health status (St George's Respiratory Questionnaire; SGRQ), symptoms (Transition Dyspnea Index; TDI) and rescue medication use. RESULTS: In 'GOLD A' patients not receiving ICS, differences favored indacaterol versus tiotropium (trough FEV1 0.05 L; rescue medication use ‐0.41 puffs/day; TDI total score 0.94 points; SGRQ total score ‐3.13 units, all p < 0.01). In 'GOLD B, no ICS' patients, compared with tiotropium, indacaterol treatment increased trough FEV1 (0.055 L, p < 0.05) and permitted a larger reduction in rescue medication use (‐0.81 puffs/day, p = 0.004). In all patients, and in patients not using ICS, differences favored indacaterol for all variables. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggest that patients in GOLD groups A and B may experience greater benefits with indacaterol than with tiotropium.
 Effect of indacaterol/glycopyrronium on the time to first moderate or severe COPD exacerbation versus salmeterol/fluticasone by baseline blood eosinophil levels: findings from the flame study;  Background and Aims: Baseline eosinophil levels may predict the efficacy of inhaled corticosteroids for prevention of COPD exacerbations. In this analysis from the FLAME study, we present the post‐hoc evaluation of the time to first moderate or severe exacerbation with indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY) compared with salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) in moderate‐to‐very severe COPD patients stratified by baseline blood eosinophil levels. Methods: FLAME, a 52‐week, multicenter, double‐blind, double‐dummy, parallel‐group study randomized (1:1) patients with post‐bronchodilator FEV1 ≥ 25 ‐ <60% predicted and a history of ≥1 exacerbation in the previous year, to receive either once‐daily IND/GLY 110/50 μg or twice‐daily SFC 50/500 μg. Data were analyzed by subgroups defined by percentage blood eosinophils (<2% and ≥2%) and absolute blood eosinophils levels (<150, 150‐ < 300 and ≥300 cells/μL). Results: Of the 3362 patients randomized (IND/GLY, n = 1680; SFC, n = 1682), 3345 patients were included in this analysis. The time to first moderate or severe exacerbation was significantly delayed with IND/GLY compared with SFC in subgroup of patients stratified by percentage blood eosinophils (<2% and ≥2%) and absolute blood eosinophils (<150 and 150‐ < 300 cells/μL). Furthermore, numerical improvement in the exacerbation risk in terms of time to first moderate or severe exacerbation was observed in the subgroup of patients with eosinophil count of ≥300 cells/ μL (Table). Conclusions: In this study in patients with high risk of exacerbations, indacaterol/glycopyrronium was significantly better in delaying the time to first moderate or severe exacerbation than salmeterol/fluticasone at eosinophils cutoffs (<2% and ≥2%, and <150 and 150‐ < 300 cells/μL). At no given eosinophil cutoffs was salmeterol/fluticasone found to be better than indacaterol/glycopyrronium in delaying the time to first moderate or severe exacerbation. (Table Presented).
 Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Glycopyrronium or Indacaterol Maleate and Glycopyrronium Bromide Fixed-dose Combination Regarding Symptoms and Health Status in Patients With Moderate COPD Switching From Treatment With Any Standard COPD Regimen;  The treatment epoch will last 12 weeks. The total duration of the study for each patient is 12 weeks (from randomization) plus 30 days of safety follow‐up. The study has three phases: screening phase (=wash‐out period, if required), treatment phase and safety follow‐up phase. Eligible patients will be randomized to either receive glycopyrronium or indacaterol maleate and glycopyrronium bromide fixed dose combination or to remain in their baseline therapy, in an allocation ratio of 3:1 for each cluster (Groups A, B, C, and D), based on their COPD symptoms and baseline treatment: Group A: Patients treated with any SABA ( Short‐acting β2‐adrenergic agonist) and/or SAMA (Short‐acting muscarinic antagonist) as monotherapy or in free or fixed dose combination (FDC) will be assigned to glycopyrronium or will remain in their baseline therapy (3:1) Group B: Patients treated with any LABA (Long‐acting β2‐adrenergic agonist) or LAMA (Long‐acting muscarinic antagonist) monotherapy and mMRC score =1 point will be assigned to glycopyrronium or will remain in their baseline therapy (3:1) Group C: Patients treated with any LABA and ICS (Inhaled corticosteroid) in free or FDC will be assigned to indacaterol maleate and glycopyrronium bromide fixed dose combination or will remain in their baseline therapy (3:1) Group D: Patients treated with any LABA or LAMA monotherapy and mMRC score >1 point will be assigned to indacaterol maleate and glycopyrronium bromide fixed dose combination or will remain in their baseline therapy (3:1) Due to low recruitment in Groups A and B that would lead to a significant delay of trial completion, a protocol amendment was made in order to close the recruitment of Groups A and B at the time the randomization in Groups C and D would be completed. Recruitment of the Groups C and D continued as originally planned
 The TRIFLOW study: a randomised, cross-over study evaluating the effects of extrafine beclometasone/formoterol/glycopyrronium on gas trapping in COPD;  Background: The effects of triple therapy on gas trapping in COPD are not fully understood. We evaluated the effects of the long acting bronchodilator components of the extrafine single inhaler triple therapy beclometasone dipropionate/formoterol/glycopyrronium (BDP/F/G) pMDI on gas trapping. Methods: This open‐label, randomised, single centre, 2‐way cross‐over study recruited 23 COPD patients taking inhaled corticosteroid combination treatments and with residual volume (RV) > 120% predicted at screening. Inhaled BDP was taken during run‐in and washout periods. Baseline lung function (spirometry, lung volumes, oscillometry) was measured over 12 h prior to randomisation to BDP/F/G or BDP/F for 5 days followed by washout and crossover. Lung function was measured prior to dosing on day 1 and for 12 h post‐dose on day 5. Results: Co‐primary endpoint analysis: BDP/F/G had a greater effect than BDP/F on FEV1 area under the curve over 12 h (AUC0–12) (mean difference 104 mls, p = 0.0071) and RV AUC0–12 (mean difference − 163 mls, p = 0.0028). Oscillometry measurements showed a greater effect of BDP/F/G on the difference between resistance at 5 and 20 Hz (R5–R20) AUC0–12, which measures small airway resistance (mean difference − 0.045 kPa/L/s, p = 0.0002). Comparison of BDP/F with the baseline measurements (BDP alone) showed that F increased FEV1 AUC0–12 (mean difference 227 mls) and improved RV AUC0–12 (mean difference − 558 mls) and R5–R20 AUC0–12 (mean difference − 0.117 kPa/L/s), all p < 0.0001. Conclusions: In COPD patients with hyperinflation, the G and F components of extrafine BDP/F/G improved FEV1, RV and small airway function. These long acting bronchodilators target small airway function, thereby improving gas trapping and airflow. Trial registration The study was retrospectively registered at ClinicalTrials.gov on 15th February 2019 (No.: NCT03842904, https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT03842904).
 Efficacy and Safety of Inhaled Glycopyrronium Bromide in COPD: a Randomized, Parallel Group, Dose-Ranging Study (GLIMMER);  This Phase II, randomized, parallel group study was conducted as part of US regulatory requirements to identify the most appropriate dose of the long‐acting muscarinic antagonist glycopyrronium bromide (GB) for use in a single‐inhaler triple‐therapy combination with the inhaled corticosteroid beclomethasone dipropionate plus the long‐acting β2‐agonist formoterol fumarate. Eligible subjects were adults with COPD and post‐bronchodilator forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1) 40–80% predicted. Subjects were randomized to receive inhaled double‐blind GB 6.25, 12.5, 25 or 50 µg or placebo, all twice daily (BID), or open‐label tiotropium 18 µg once daily for six weeks. The primary objective was to evaluate the efficacy of GB versus placebo in terms of FEV1 area under the curve between 0 and 12 h at Week 6. Of 733 subjects randomized, 682 (93.0%) completed the study. For the primary endpoint, all GB doses were superior to placebo (p < 0.05), with a dose‐response up to 25 µg BID, and 25 and 50 µg BID both superior to 6.25 µg BID (p < 0.05). Results for the secondary spirometry endpoints were consistent with the primary endpoint. Overall, the efficacy of GB 25 and 50 µg BID was broadly consistent with that of tiotropium. The incidence of adverse events, both overall and for the most common preferred terms, was low and similar in all treatment groups, including placebo (overall, 22.3–29.3%). Based on the totality of the efficacy and safety data, the optimal GB dose is 25 µg BID.
 Tiotropium reduces exacerbations versus salmeterol irrespective of baseline ics treatment in the poet-COPD study;  Introduction: The randomized, double‐blind, double‐dummy, 1‐year study POET‐COPD™ investigated the efficacy of tiotropium 18 μg once daily (HandiHaler®) versus salmeterol 50 μg HFA‐MDI twice daily to prevent exacerbations. Concomitant medication with inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) was permitted, as with other clinical COPD studies with inhaled bronchodilators. We investigated whether baseline or concomitant ICS treatment had any influence on the study results. Methodology: Important inclusion criteria were age ≥40 years, FEV1 ≤70% predicted (postbronchodilator), ≥1 exacerbation in the previous year. Subgroup analysis investigated: the effect of any pre‐existing ICS treatment on exacerbations (prespecified); the effect of any concomitant ICS treatment throughout the entire study treatment (post hoc). Results: A total of 7376 patients were randomized and treated, 53% (n=3941) were receiving treatment with ICS at baseline. Tiotropium prolonged the time to first exacerbation regardless of whether or not patients had received ICS treatment at baseline (hazard ratio [HR] 0.87 [95% confidence interval (CI) 0.79‐0.96] and 0.82 [95% CI 0.73‐0.92] for the subgroups with or without ICS treatment at baseline]. Additionally, the annual exacerbation rate was lower with tiotropium (rate ratio [RR] 0.94 [95% CI 0.86‐1.02] and RR 0.82 [95% CI 0.73‐0.92]). Patients benefited from treatment with tiotropium, irrespective of whether they continuously received concomitant ICS (n=2932) or never (n=4046) (HR 0.91 [95% CI 0.82‐1.02] and 0.81 [95% CI 0.72‐0.91], respectively) during the entire study treatment. The discontinuation of pre‐existing ICS treatment (n=811) during the treatment period did not lead to any increase in the annual exacerbation rate over the 1‐year study period. Conclusion: Irrespective of ICS treatment at baseline or concomitant ICS treatment during the study, tiotropium was superior to the β2 ‐agonist salmeterol in POET‐COPD™, regarding the reduced risk concerning exacerbations.
 Rethinking Blood Eosinophils for Assessing ICS Response in COPD: a Post-Hoc Analysis from FLAME;  BACKGROUND: The varied treatment response to inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) in COPD, and the increased risk of pneumonia necessitate a personalised ICS therapeutic approach. This is informed by blood eosinophil count (BEC), which predicts ICS treatment response. However, BEC appears to change in response to ICS treatment. RESEARCH QUESTION: Does BEC measured on or off ICS treatment or the change in BEC during ICS treatment, best predict treatment response to ICS in COPD? STUDY DESIGN AND METHODS: FLAME, a 52‐week, double‐blind RCT compared LABA/LAMA versus LABA/ICS. Corticosteroids were prohibited during a 4‐week run‐in period. We chose patients previously on ICS, thereby allowing pre‐ and post‐run‐in period BEC to represent BEC on and off ICS, respectively. In this post‐hoc analysis, we revisited outcome data, exploring how the three BEC biomarkers interacted with treatment response to the ICS containing regimen. RESULTS: Our study confirms that LABA/LAMA combination is superior, or at least non‐inferior, to LABA/ICS in curbing exacerbations for most FLAME participants. However, higher BEC off and BEC on ICS and significant BEC suppression during ICS treatment corresponded to superior response to LABA/ICS in terms of exacerbation rate, time‐to‐first exacerbation, and time‐to‐first pneumonia. In a subgroup, including 9% of participants, BEC changed significantly during ICS treatment (≥200 cells/μL), and higher BEC on ICS did not predict ICS treatment response. For these patients, BEC off ICS and BEC change proved more predictive. Excess pneumonia risk associated with ICS appeared to be confined to patients who do not benefit from this treatment. BEC were not predictive of treatment effects on lung function and health status. INTERPRETATION: This exploratory analysis advocates preferentially using BEC off ICS or BEC change during ICS treatment for guiding ICS treatment decisions. BEC measured on ICS is less predictive of treatment response. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: NCT01782326.
 A study to compare the effect of inhaled treatments: the combination of 3 components (beclometasone/formoterol/glycopyrrolate) to a known single treatment (tiotropium) or the double combination of tiotropium (Spiriva) and beclometasone plus formoterol in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease treated for one year;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: CHF 5993 pMDI Pharmaceutical Form: Pressurised inhalation, solution INN or Proposed INN: BECLOMETASONE DIPROPIONATE CAS Number: 5534‐09‐8 Other descriptive name: BDP Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 100‐ INN or Proposed INN: FORMOTEROL FUMARATE CAS Number: 43229‐80‐7 Other descriptive name: FF Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 6‐ INN or Proposed INN: GLYCOPYRRONIUM BROMIDE CAS Number: 596‐51‐0 Other descriptive name: GB Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 12.5‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Pressurised inhalation, solution Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Trade Name: Foster Pharmaceutical Form: Pressurised inhalation, solution INN or Proposed INN: BECLOMETASONE DIPROPIONATE CAS Number: 5534‐09‐8 Other descriptive name: BDP Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 100‐ INN or Proposed INN: FORMOTEROL FUMARATE CAS Number: 43229‐80‐7 Other descriptive name: FF Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 6‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Pressurised inhalation, solution Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Trade Name: Spiriva 18 mikrogramm Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, hard capsule INN or Proposed INN: TIOTROPIUM BROMIDE MONOHYDRATE CAS Number: 411207‐31‐3 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 18‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, hard capsule Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use CONDITION: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) ; MedDRA version: 17.0 Level: LLT Classification code 10010952 Term: COPD System Organ Class: 100000004855 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To demonstrate the superiority of CHF 5993 pMDI over Tiotropium in terms of moderate and severe COPD exacerbation rate over 52 weeks of treatment. Primary end point(s): Moderate and severe COPD exacerbation rate Secondary Objective: Key secondary objectives:; To demonstrate the superiority of CHF 5993 pMDI over Tiotropium in terms of pulmonary function (change from baseline in pre‐dose morning FEV1 at Week 52).; To demonstrate the non‐inferiority of CHF 5993 pMDI relative to CHF 1535 pMDI+Tiotropium in terms of pulmonary function (change from baseline in pre‐dose morning FEV1 at Week 52).; Secondary objectives:; To evaluate the effect of CHF 5993 pMDI on other lung function parameters, patient’s health status and clinical outcome measures.; To perform a population PK analysis (in a subset of patients treated with CHF 5993 pMDI) investigating the inter‐subject variability in the drug exposure and the effects of selected covariates on PK parameters of B17MP, FF and GB.; To collect data in order to assess the impact of study treatments on health economic outcomes.; To assess the safety and the tolerability of the study treatments.; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: in week 52 of treatment SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): ‐ Change from baseline in pre‐dose morning FEV1 ; ‐ COPD exacerbation (moderate or severe, rate and time to first) ; ‐ FEV1 response (change from baseline in pre‐dose morning FEV1 = 100 ml) ; ‐ SGRQ score (change from baseline of total/domain scores) ; ‐ Use of rescue medication ; ‐ PK analysis Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: assessment in week 26 and/or week 52 ; Plasma levels measured in week 4 INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Male and female adults aged = 40 years with written informed consent obtained prior to any study‐related procedure. 2. Patients with a diagnosis of COPD (according to GOLD guidelines, updated February 2013) at least 12 months before the screening visit. 3. Current smokers or ex‐smokers who quit smoking at least 6 months prior to screening visit, with a smoking history of at least 10 pack years [pack‐years = (number of cigarettes per day x number of years)/20] 4. A post‐bronchodilator FEV1 < 50% of the predicted normal value and a post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC ratio < 0.7 within 30 min after 4 puffs (4 x 100 mcg) of salbutamol pMDI 5. A documented history of at least one exacerbation in the 12 months preceding the screening visit. 6. Patients under double therapy for at least 2 months prior to screening with either: ‐ Inhaled corticosteroids/long‐acting ß‐agonist or ‐ Inhaled corticosteroids/long‐acting muscarinic antagonist or
 Dupilumab Improves Pre-bronchodilator Lung Function Measures in Patients With Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) With Type 2 Inflammation: data From the Phase 3 Boreas Trial;  RATIONALE: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is a highly prevalent disease with airway obstruction and commonly progressive lung function decline. This analysis of the phase 3 LIBERTY COPD BOREAS study (NCT03930732) evaluated efficacy of dupilumab, a fully human monoclonal antibody that blocks the shared receptor component for interleukin (IL)‐4 and IL‐ 13, on lung function parameters in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD with type 2 (T2) inflammation. METHODS: BOREAS was a 52‐week, randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trial evaluating the efficacy and safety of subcutaneous dupilumab 300 mg every 2 weeks vs placebo in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD and T2 inflammation (defined as blood eosinophils ≥300 cells/μL) on triple inhaled (inhaled corticosteroids [ICS] + long‐acting β2‐agonists [LABA] + long‐acting muscarinic antagonists [LAMA]) or LABA/LAMA if ICS was contraindicated. Pre‐bronchodilator forced expiratory volume in 1 second (pre‐ BD FEV1) and forced vital capacity (FVC) were investigated using a mixed‐effects model for repeated measures. RESULTS: Of 939 patients, 468 were randomized to dupilumab and 471 to placebo. Baseline pre‐BD FEV1 was mean (SD) 1.28 L (0.45) for dupilumab and 1.32 L (0.46) for placebo. At Week 12, least squares (LS) mean change from baseline in pre‐BD FEV1 was 0.160 L (95% CI 0.126‐0.195) for dupilumab vs 0.077 L (95% CI 0.042‐0.112) for placebo (mean difference 0.083 L [95% CI 0.042‐ 0.125]; P<0.001); at Week 52, LS mean change from baseline in pre‐BD FEV1 was 0.153 L (95% CI 0.116‐0.189) for dupilumab vs 0.070 L (95% CI 0.033‐0.107) for placebo (mean difference 0.083 L [95% CI 0.038‐0.128]; P<0.001) (Figure). The proportion of patients who had improved pre‐BD FEV1 by ≥100 mL at Week 52 was 41.1% for dupilumab and 34.3% for placebo. Baseline pre‐BD FVC was mean (SD) 2.71 L (0.74) for dupilumab and 2.83 L (0.90) for placebo. At Week 12, LS mean change from baseline in pre‐BD FVC was 0.098 L [95% CI 0.054‐0.141] for dupilumab vs 0.029 L [95 % CI ‐0.015‐0.072] for placebo (LS mean difference 0.069 [95% CI 0.016‐0.121]; nominal P=0.01); at Week 52, LS mean change from baseline pre‐BD FVC was 0.079 L [95% CI 0.032‐0.127] in the dupilumab group vs ‐0.009 L [95% CI ‐0.057‐0.039] in the placebo group (LS mean difference 0.088 L [95% CI 0.029‐0.148]; nominal P=0.004). Safety was similar between groups. CONCLUSIONS: Dupilumab improved pre‐BD lung function measures in patients with COPD and T2 inflammation as early as Week 2.
 Once-daily qva149 demonstrates superior outcomes in COPD patients previously treated with fixed-dose long-acting β2 agonist/inhaled corticosteroid (LABA/ICS): the illuminate study;  Introduction: The ILLUMINATE study evaluated the superiority of once‐daily LABA/LAMA dual bronchodilator QVA149 110/50 μg compared to twice‐daily LABA/ICS, salmeterol/fluti casone combination 50/500 μg (SFC), in terms of efficacy, safety and tolerability in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD. This analysis reports the efficacy and safety of QVA149 vs SFC in the sub‐group population using fixed‐dose LABA/ICS prior to study enrollment. Methods: 122 patients on LABA/ICS prior to study entry were randomized to QVA149 (n = 54) and SFC (n = 68). FEV1 area under the curve for 0‐12 h (AUC0‐12 h), pre‐dose trough FEV1, rescue medication use, exacerbations and safety were assessed after 26 weeks. Results: QVA149 improved FEV1 AUC0‐12 h, pre‐dose trough FEV1 and reduced rescue medication use in COPD patients regardless of previous LABA/ICS use at study entry. Number of exacerbations (QVA 23; SFC 41) and patients with incidence of adverse events (QVA 50%; SFC 55.9%) was numerically lower with QVA149. Conclusion: In the subpopulation previously treated with LABA/ICS, QVA149 demonstrated significant improvements in lung function and rescue therapy use compared to SFC. These results were consistent with the overall study population.
 Once-daily qva149 demonstrates superior outcomes in COPD patients previously treated with fixed-dose long-acting β2 agonist/inhaled corticosteroid (LABA/ICS): the illuminate study;  Introduction: The ILLUMINATE study evaluated the superiority of once‐daily LABA/LAMA dual bronchodilator QVA149 110/50 μg compared to twice‐daily LABA/ICS, salmeterol/fluti casone combination 50/500 μg (SFC), in terms of efficacy, safety and tolerability in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD. This analysis reports the efficacy and safety of QVA149 vs SFC in the sub‐group population using fixed‐dose LABA/ICS prior to study enrollment. Methods: 122 patients on LABA/ICS prior to study entry were randomized to QVA149 (n = 54) and SFC (n = 68). FEV1 area under the curve for 0‐12 h (AUC0‐12 h), pre‐dose trough FEV1, rescue medication use, exacerbations and safety were assessed after 26 weeks. Results: QVA149 improved FEV1 AUC0‐12 h, pre‐dose trough FEV1 and reduced rescue medication use in COPD patients regardless of previous LABA/ICS use at study entry. Number of exacerbations (QVA 23; SFC 41) and patients with incidence of adverse events (QVA 50%; SFC 55.9%) was numerically lower with QVA149. Conclusion: In the subpopulation previously treated with LABA/ICS, QVA149 demonstrated significant improvements in lung function and rescue therapy use compared to SFC. These results were consistent with the overall study population.
 Dupilumab Improves Post-bronchodilator Lung Function in Patients With Moderate-to-Severe Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) With Type 2 Inflammation: data From the Phase 3 Boreas Trial;  RATIONALE: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) has airway obstruction and commonly progressive decline in lung function. This analysis of the phase 3 LIBERTY COPD BOREAS study (NCT03930732) evaluated the efficacy of dupilumab, a fully human monoclonal antibody that blocks the shared receptor component for interleukin (IL)‐4 and IL‐13, key and central drivers of type 2 (T2) inflammation, on post‐bronchodilator (post‐BD) lung function in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD with type 2 inflammation. METHODS: In BOREAS, a phase 3, 52‐week, randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trial, patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD and T2 inflammation (defined as blood eosinophils ≥300 cells/μL) receiving triple inhaled therapy (inhaled corticosteroids [ICS] + long‐acting β2‐agonists [LABA] + long‐acting muscarinic antagonists [LAMA]), or LABA/LAMA if ICS were contraindicated, received subcutaneous dupilumab 300 mg every 2 weeks vs placebo for 52 weeks. Post‐BD forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) and FEV1/forced vital capacity (FVC) ratio were investigated using a mixed‐effects model for repeated measures. RESULTS: Of 939 randomized patients, 468 were randomized to dupilumab and 471 to placebo. Baseline post‐BD FEV1 was mean (SD) 1.39 L (0.47) for dupilumab and 1.41 L (0.47) for placebo. At Week 12, least squares (LS) mean change from baseline in post‐BD FEV1 was 0.156 L (95% CI 0.121‐0.192) for dupilumab vs 0.084 L (95% CI 0.048‐ 0.120) for placebo (LS mean difference 0.072 L [95% CI 0.030‐0.115]; nominal P=0.001); at Week 52, LS mean change from baseline in post‐BD FEV1 was 0.138 L (95% CI 0.101‐0.174) for dupilumab vs 0.058 L (95% CI 0.021‐0.096) for placebo (LS mean difference 0.079 L [95% CI 0.034‐0.124]; nominal P=0<001) (Figure). The proportion of patients whose post‐BD FEV1 increased ≥100 mL at Week 52 was 38.3% for dupilumab and 29.5% for placebo. Baseline post‐BD FEV1/FVC ratio was mean [SD] 0.49 (0.12) for dupilumab and 0.49 (0.11) for placebo. At Week 12, LS mean change from baseline in post‐BD FEV1/FVC was 0.037 (95% CI 0.030‐0.044) for dupilumab vs 0.023 (95% CI 0.015‐0.030) for placebo (LS mean difference 0.014 [95% CI 0.005‐0.023]; nominal P=0.002); at Week 52, LS mean change from baseline post‐BD FEV1/FVC was 0.033 (95% CI 0.025‐ 0.041) for dupilumab vs 0.023 (95% CI 0.016‐0.031) for placebo (LS mean difference 0.010 [95% TBC ‐0.000‐0.019]; nominal P=0.055). Safety was similar between groups. CONCLUSIONS: Dupilumab improved post‐BD FEV1 and FEV1/FVC ratio in patients with COPD and T2 inflammation as early as Week 2.
 Efficacy and safety of direct switch to indacaterol/glycopyrronium in patients with moderate COPD: the CRYSTAL open-label randomised trial;  BACKGROUND: Dual bronchodilation combining a long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA) and a long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) is the preferred choice of treatment recommended by the Global Initiative for Chronic Obstructive Lung Disease (GOLD) 2017 guidelines for the management of patients with moderate‐to‐severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). The once‐daily (q.d.) fixed‐dose combination (FDC) of LABA, indacaterol 110 μg and LAMA, glycopyrronium 50 μg (IND/GLY 110/50 μg q.d.) demonstrated superior improvements in lung function, dyspnoea and overall health status and better tolerability against LABA or LAMA monotherapies and combination of LABA and inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) in more than 11,000 patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD in several randomised controlled clinical trials. METHODS: The CRYSTAL study was the first, 12‐week, randomised, open‐label trial that evaluated the efficacy and safety of a direct switch from previous treatments to IND/GLY 110/50 μg q.d. on lung function and dyspnoea in patients with moderate COPD and a history of up to one exacerbation in the previous year. Patients were divided into 2 groups according to their background therapy and symptom scores and were randomised (3:1) to IND/GLY or to continue with their previous treatments. RESULTS: The study included 4389 randomised patients, of whom 2160 were in groups switched to IND/GLY (intention‐to‐treat population). The effect of IND/GLY was superior to LABA + ICS on trough forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1; treatment difference, Δ = +71 mL) and transition dyspnoea index (TDI; [Δ = 1.09 units]), and to LABA or LAMA on trough FEV1 (Δ = +101 mL) and a TDI (Δ = 1.26 units). Improvements in health status and lower rescue medication use were also observed with IND/GLY. The safety profile of the study medication was similar to that observed in previous studies. CONCLUSIONS: IND/GLY demonstrated superior improvements in lung function and dyspnoea after direct switch from previous treatments. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov number: NCT01985334 .
 A 24-week study to investigate dose, efficacy and safety of QBW251 in patients with chronic obstructive airways disease, given on top of triple inhaled therapy (LABA/LAMA/inhaled corticosteroids);  INTERVENTION: Product Code: QBW251 Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule INN or Proposed INN: CFTR potentiator Current Sponsor code: QBW251 Other descriptive name: QBW251 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 25‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Capsule Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use Product Code: QBW251 Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule INN or Proposed INN: CFTR potentiator Other descriptive name: QBW251 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 75‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Capsule Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use Product Code: QBW251 Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule INN or Proposed INN: CFTR potentiator Other descriptive name: QBW251 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 150‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Capsule Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use Product Code: QBW251 Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule INN or Proposed INN: CFTR potentiator Other descriptive name: QBW251 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 300‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Capsule Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use Product Code: QBW251 Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule INN or Proposed INN: CFTR potentiator Other descriptive na CONDITION: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ; MedDRA version: 20.0 Level: LLT Classification code 10029972 Term: Obstructive airways disease (chronic) System Organ Class: 100000004855 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] SECONDARY OUTCOME: ; Secondary end point(s): ‐ Change from baseline in the ; Evaluating Respiratory ; Symptoms in COPD (E‐RS) ; weekly mean scores (total ; and subscale scores). ; Change from baseline in ; Patient Global Impression of ; Severity (PGI‐S) score. ; Change from baseline in the Cough and Sputum ; Assessment Questionnaire ; (CASA‐Q) domain scores ‐ ; cough symptoms, cough ; impact, sputum symptoms, ; and sputum Impact. ; ‐ Change from baseline in St. ; George's Respiratory ; Questionnaire (SGRQ) total ; and domain scores at weeks ; 12 and 24 ; ‐ Trough FEV1 change from ; baseline after 4, 8, 16, 20 ; and 24 weeks of treatment, ; respectively ; ‐ Assessment of drug ; exposure (trough ; concentration; Cmin) on all ; visits and around Cmax on ; Days 1, 15 and 169. AUC ; and Cmax on Days 1 and 15 ; in a subset of patients; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Specified in the endpoints descriptions PRIMARY OUTCOME: ; Main Objective: Characterize the dose‐response relationship of QBW251; administered orally over 12 weeks on lung function,; compared to placebo when added to inhaled triple; combination therapy (long‐acting ÃŸ2‐agonist / long‐acting; muscarinic receptor antagonist / inhaled corticosteroid;; LABA/LAMA/ICS).; ; Primary end point(s): Trough FEV1 change from; baseline after 12 weeks of; treatment; ; Secondary Objective: ‐Evaluate COPD symptoms across various dose levels of QBW251; administered orally over 24 weeks, compared to placebo ; ‐Evaluate health‐related quality of life across various dose; levels of QBW251 administered orally over 24 weeks,; compared to placebo; ‐Evaluate lung function across various dose levels of; QBW251 administered orally over 24 weeks, compared to; placebo; ‐Assess the pharmacokinetics of QBW251 in COPD; patients; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 12 weeks of treatment INCLUSION CRITERIA: â€¢ Male and female COPD patients aged =40 years, who have signed an Informed Consent Form prior to initiation of any study‐related procedure. â€¢ Current or ex‐smokers who have a smoking history of at least 10 pack years. â€¢ Patients who have been treated with a triple combination of LABA/LAMA/ICS for the last 3 months prior to screening. â€¢ A COPD Assessment Test (CAT) score of at least 10 at Run‐In 1 visit. â€¢ Patients with a post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC < 0.70 at Run‐In 1 visit. â€¢ Patients with airflow limitation indicated by EITHER a post‐bronchodilator FEV1 = 30 % and FEV1 < 50 % of the predicted normal at Run‐in 1, who must have
 Aclidinium bromide added to a long-acting B2-agonist +/- inhaled corticosteroid: effects on exacerbations, lung function, and symptoms in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and cardiovascular risk factors (ASCENT-COPD);  Rationale: Aclidinium bromide 400 μ g is a long‐acting muscarinic antagonist for the maintenance treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). ASCENT‐COPD (NCT01966107) was a Phase IV, double‐blind, parallel‐group study of the effects of aclidinium on cardiovascular (CV) safety and exacerbations in patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD and CV risk factors. This post hoc analysis evaluated the effect of aclidinium in patients receiving long‐acting β2‐agonists (LABAs) +/‐ inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) at baseline. Methods: Patients were randomized 1:1 to receive aclidinium or placebo twice daily via a multidose dry powder inhaler for up to 36 months. The moderate/severe exacerbation rate over 12 months and change from baseline in trough forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) and COPD Assessment Test (CAT) score over 36 months were evaluated in patients receiving LABA +/‐ ICS at baseline. Patients receiving concomitant LABA +/‐ ICS while on treatment were also analyzed. Results: Overall, 3,630 patients were randomized (mean age: 67.2 years; male: 58.7%; mean post‐bronchodilator FEV1: 47.7% predicted). At baseline, 2,285 (63%) patients received LABA +/‐ ICS (aclidinium: N=1,127; placebo: N=1,158). The moderate/severe exacerbation rate per patient per year in patients receiving LABA +/‐ ICS at baseline was significantly reduced with aclidinium versus placebo (rate ratio [RR] [95% confidence interval (CI)]: 0.76 [0.65, 0.89], p<0.001; Table) and was comparable with reductions observed in the overall population (RR [95% CI]: 0.78 [0.68, 0.89], p<0.001); similar results were observed in patients receiving concomitant LABA +/‐ ICS (Table). Aclidinium provided significant improvements from baseline in trough FEV1 versus placebo in patients receiving LABA +/‐ ICS at baseline from Weeks 4 to 78 (least squares [LS] mean difference: 72‐91 mL, all p<0.001), with numerical improvements at Weeks 104 (39 mL) and 156 (53 mL). These improvements were comparable with those observed in the overall population, which ranged from 54‐91 mL (all p<0.01). Numerical improvements from baseline in CAT score were seen with aclidinium versus placebo at all time points in patients receiving LABA +/‐ ICS at baseline (LS mean difference: ‐0.97 to ‐0.12 units) and the overall population up to Week 130 (ranging from ‐0.86 to ‐0.22 units). Conclusions: On a background of LABA +/‐ ICS, aclidinium 400 μ g significantly reduced the rate of moderate/severe exacerbations over 1 year and improved lung function over 3 years versus placebo, showing the benefits of adding aclidinium to LABA +/‐ ICS in patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD and CV risk factors.
 Tiotropium Add-On and Treatable Traits in Asthma-COPD Overlap: a Real-World Pilot Study;  Purpose: The ‘treatable traits’ strategy for patients with chronic inflammatory airway diseases, especially asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), is a focus of interest, because it implements precision and personalized medicine. Asthma‐COPD overlap (ACO), a phenotype involving both asthma and COPD, is an important disease entity because patients with ACO have significantly worse outcomes, conferring greater economical and social burdens. Some guidelines for ACO recommend add‐on therapy of long‐acting muscarinic antagonists to inhaled corticosteroids and long‐acting β2 agonists. However, this approach is based on extrapolation from patients with asthma or COPD alone. Consequently, a ‘treatable traits’ approach suitable for ACO remains obscure. Methods: A 12‐week open‐label cross‐over pilot study was conducted in patients with ACO to investigate the effect of tiotropium bromide (TIO) 5 µg/day add‐on therapy to fluticasone propionate/formoterol fumarate (FP/FM) 500/20 µg/day compared with FP/FM 500/20 µg/day alone. A 4‐week run‐in period and two 4‐week treatment periods were included. Results: A total of 18 male patients with stable ACO participated in this pilot study. All patients were ex‐smokers. Mean values ± standard deviation (SD) for forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) were 1.21 ± 0.49 L after the run‐in period, 1.20 ± 0.51 L after the FP/FM combination therapy period, and 1.30 ± 0.48 L after the TIO add‐on therapy to FP/FM period. FEV1 values after the TIO add‐on therapy FP/FM period were significantly higher than those after the run‐in period (p < 0.01). Conclusion: TIO add‐on therapy to FP/FM in patients with ACO, considered difficult to treat because of the presence of both asthma and COPD, resulted in improvements in lung function parameters in this real‐world pilot study, indicating the potential value of TIO add‐on therapy as a “treatable traits” option for standard treatment for ACO.
 The lung function profile of once-daily tiotropium and olodaterol via Respimat(®) is superior to that of twice-daily salmeterol and fluticasone propionate via Accuhaler(®) (ENERGITO(®) study);  BACKGROUND: Tiotropium + olodaterol has demonstrated improvements beyond lung function benefits in a large Phase III clinical program as a once‐daily maintenance treatment for COPD and may be a potential option for the initiation of maintenance treatment in COPD. Despite guideline recommendations that combined long‐acting β2‐agonists and inhaled corticosteroids should only be used in individuals at high risk of exacerbation, there is substantial use in individuals at lower risk. This raises the question of the comparative effectiveness of this combination as maintenance treatment in this group compared to other combination regimens. OBJECTIVE: The study aimed to assess the effect on lung function of once‐daily tiotropium + olodaterol versus twice‐daily salmeterol + fluticasone propionate in all participants with Global initiative for chronic Obstructive Lung Disease 2 or 3 (moderate to severe) COPD. METHODS: This was a randomized, double‐blind, double‐dummy, four‐treatment, complete crossover study in which participants received once‐daily tiotropium + olodaterol (5/5 µg and 2.5/5 µg) via Respimat(®) and twice‐daily salmeterol + fluticasone propionate (50/500 µg and 50/250 µg) via Accuhaler(®) for 6 weeks. The primary end point was change in forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) area under the curve from 0 hour to 12 hours (AUC0‐12) relative to the baseline after 6 weeks. RESULTS: Tiotropium + olodaterol 5/5 µg and 2.5/5 µg demonstrated statistically significant improvements in FEV1 AUC0‐12 compared to salmeterol + fluticasone propionate (improvements from baseline were 317 mL and 295 mL with tiotropium + olodaterol 5/5 µg and 2.5/5 µg, and 188 mL and 192 mL with salmeterol + fluticasone propionate 50/500 µg and 50/250 µg, respectively). Tiotropium + olodaterol was superior to salmeterol + fluticasone propionate in lung function secondary end points, including FEV1 area under the curve from 0 hour to 24 hours (AUC0‐24). CONCLUSION: Once‐daily tiotropium + olodaterol in participants with moderate‐to‐severe COPD provided superior lung function improvements to twice‐daily salmeterol + fluticasone propionate. Dual bronchodilation can be considered to optimize lung function in individuals requiring maintenance treatment for COPD.
 Efficacy and safety of single-inhaler triple therapy of glycopyrronium, formoterol and fluticasone in patients with copd: a double-blind, randomised controlled trial;  Background The aim of this work was to investigate the safety and efficacy of single‐inhaler triple therapy with 12.5 μg glycopyrronium (GB)/12 μg formoterol fumarate (FF)/250 μg fluticasone propionate (FP), compared to 50 μg GB co‐administered with a fixed dose of 12 μg FF/250 μg FP in subjects with COPD. Methods This was a phase 3, randomised, double‐blind, active‐control, parallel‐group, noninferiority study conducted at 20 sites across India. COPD patients aged ⩾40 to ⩽75 years, with forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1)/forced vital capacity (FVC) <0.70, using mono/dual therapy with inhaled corticosteroids (ICSs), long‐acting muscarinic antagonists (LAMAs), or long‐acting β‐agonists (LABAs) for ⩾1 month, were included. Subjects were randomised 1:1 to GB/FF/FP or GB+FF/FP for 12 weeks. The primary efficacy end‐point was the change from baseline in trough FEV1 at the end of 12 weeks. The study is registered with the Clinical Trials Registry of India (identifier number: CTRI/2019/01/017156). Results Between 23 March 2019 and 14 February 2020, 396 subjects were enrolled, with 198 patients each in the fixed‐triple (GB/FF/FP) and open‐triple (GB+FF/FP) groups. The difference in least‐square mean (LSM) changes in pre‐dose FEV1 from baseline at 12 weeks was noninferior between the groups (p<0.05). The LSM change from baseline in post‐dose FEV1 was comparable (p=0.38). A superiority test showed comparable efficacy (p=0.12) for the difference in mean change from baseline in trough FEV1 between the groups. Adverse events (mild or moderate) were recorded in 25.3% and 24.9% of subjects in the GB/FF/FP and GB+FF/FP groups. Conclusions Fixed triple therapy with GB/FF/FP provides comparable bronchodilation and lung function improvement as open‐triple therapy. It is safe and well tolerated in symptomatic COPD patients with a history of exacerbations.
 Is chronic obstructive pulmonary disease reco(r)ded similarly in CPRD GOLD and aurum?;  Background: In England, many primary care practices migrated from VISION to EMIS software. In 2017, Clinical Practice Research Datalink launched Aurum, incorporating some of these migrating practices from GOLD and new practices using EMIS. Objectives: To evaluate data migration and new recording in Clinical Practice Research Datalink Aurum by comparing the prevalence of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) diagnosis and medications in GOLD and Aurum before and after first collection date (fcd) from EMIS. Methods: Among practices migrating from GOLD to Aurum, 7 were randomly selected, and patients aged 40 years or older and registered in the practice at least 1 year before the last collection date for GOLD (migration) were included. COPD diagnoses and use of COPD controller medications were evaluated for both GOLD and Aurum within 1 year before migration and, for Aurum, also within 1 year after EMIS fcd. The availability of information on duration of prescriptions was assessed. Results: A total of 26,666 patients in GOLD and 26,994 in Aurum were included in this study. Among those, 4.6% in GOLD and 4.4% in Aurum had a recorded diagnosis of COPD any time before the migration. In GOLD, 3.2% of patients had COPD within 1 year before migration. Among those, 81.4% were treated: 61.7% with long‐acting muscarinic antagonists (LAMA), 59.3% with long‐acting β2‐agonists/ inhaled corticosteroids (LABA/ICS), 10.6% with LABA, and 0.7% with LAMA/LABA. In Aurum, 3.3% of patients had COPD within 1 before migration. Among those, 81.4% were treated: 62.7% with LAMA, 59.7% with LABA/ICS, 8.8% with LABA, and 3.3% with LAMA/LABA. In Aurum, within 1 year after EMIS fcd, 3.4% of patients had COPD. Among those, 81.7% were treated: 56.3% with LAMA, 49.6% with LABA/ICS, 6.2% with LABA, and 14.1% with LAMA/LABA. The duration of COPD prescriptions was available for 76.7% of the prescriptions in GOLD and 94.1% in Aurum within 1 year before migration and in 97.6% in Aurum within 1 year after EMIS fcd. Conclusions: Migration of recording of COPD diagnoses and medications resulted in similar prevalence of patients with COPD and medication use. New recording of COPD diagnoses was in line with prior data. In Aurum, use of COPD medications after EMIS fcd increased for LAMA/LABA and decreased for LABA and LABA/ICS. Availability of data on duration of COPD medications was more complete in Aurum than in GOLD.
 A dose-ranging study (TERRANOVA) of benralizumab for moderate to severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  Rationale: Despite dual or triple combination therapy with inhaled corticosteroids (ICS)/long‐acting β2‐agonists (LABA)/long‐acting muscarinic antagonists (LAMA), many patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) continue to experience exacerbations. Eosinophilic inflammation predominates in ∼30% of patients with COPD exacerbations. These patients may benefit from therapy directed at decreasing eosinophils (EOS) or their activity. The interleukin‐5 receptor alpha‐directed cytolytic monoclonal antibody benralizumab induces rapid and nearly complete EOS depletion. Methods: TERRANOVA (NCT02155660) was a Phase III study that evaluated the efficacy and safety of three dosages of benralizumab for patients with moderate to very severe COPD. Patients aged 40‐85 years receiving ICS/LABA/LAMA dual or triple combination therapy with ≥2 moderate/≥1 severe exacerbations in the prior year were randomized to 56 weeks of add‐on benralizumab 10‐mg (not multiplicity protected), 30‐mg (multiplicity protected), or 100‐mg (multiplicity protected) therapy (every 8 weeks [first three doses every 4 weeks]) or placebo. The primary endpoint was annual COPD exacerbation rate for patients with baseline blood EOS counts ≥220 cells/μ L. Secondary endpoints included change from baseline in pre‐bronchodilator forced expiratory volume in 1 second (pre‐BD FEV1) and in the St George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) total score. Safety was also assessed. Results: For patients with COPD and blood EOS counts ≥220 cells/μ L, benralizumab 10 mg (not multiplicity protected) and 100 mg (multiplicity protected) produced a numerical, but nonsignificant, difference in the rate of annual COPD exacerbations at Week 56 compared with placebo (table). Numerical differences favoring benralizumab were also observed for annual rate of severe exacerbations, change in pre‐BD FEV1 (except for 30‐mg dosage) and SGRQ total score. An enhanced treatment effect was observed for patient subgroups with more frequent exacerbations and those receiving triple therapy. Adverse events were similar for the benralizumab and placebo groups. Conclusions: Compared with placebo, add‐on benralizumab 10‐mg and 100‐mg therapy was marginally effective at reducing annual exacerbation rates for patients with moderate to very severe COPD, prior exacerbations, and blood EOS counts ≥220 cells/μ L. Similar improvements favoring benralizumab were also observed at most dosages for lung function, SGRQ, and annual severe exacerbation rate reduction. Some subgroups of patients with COPD exhibited an enhanced response to benralizumab and require further investigation. The safety profile of benralizumab for patients with COPD was comparable to that observed in the Phase III trials of benralizumab for patients with asthma. No new safety concerns were identified.
 Benralizumab for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: results of the phase III GALATHEA trial;  Rationale: Despite dual or triple combination therapy with inhaled corticosteroids (ICS)/long‐acting β2‐agonists (LABA)/long‐acting muscarinic antagonists (LAMA), many patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) continue to experience exacerbations. Eosinophilic inflammation can be detected in approximately 30% of patients with COPD exacerbations. These patients may benefit from therapy directed at decreasing eosinophils (EOS) or their activity. The interleukin‐5 receptor alpha‐directed cytolytic monoclonal antibody benralizumab induces rapid and nearly complete EOS depletion. Methods: GALATHEA (NCT02138916) was a Phase III study that evaluated efficacy and safety of two dosages of benralizumab for patients with moderate to very severe COPD. Patients aged 40‐85 years receiving ICS/LABA/LAMA dual or triple combination therapy with ≥2 moderate/≥1 severe exacerbations in the prior year were randomized to 56 weeks of add‐on benralizumab therapy (30 or 100 mg; every 8 weeks [first three doses every 4 weeks]) or placebo. The primary endpoint was annual COPD exacerbation rate for patients with baseline blood EOS counts ≥220 cells/μ L. Key secondary endpoints were changes from baseline in pre‐bronchodilator forced expiratory volume in 1 second (pre‐BD FEV1) and in the St George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) total score. Safety was also assessed. Results: For patients with blood EOS ≥220 cells/μ L, a numerical difference favoring benralizumab (30‐, 100‐mg dosages) was observed for annual COPD exacerbations, change in pre‐BD FEV1, and SGRQ total score; however; these differences were not statistically significant at Week 56 compared with placebo (table). Benralizumab 100 mg also produced a numerical reduction in the annual rate of severe exacerbations. An enhanced treatment effect was observed for patient subgroups with more frequent exacerbations and those receiving triple therapy. Adverse events were similar for benralizumab and placebo groups. Conclusions: Compared with placebo, add‐on benralizumab produced numerical but statistically nonsignificant improvements in annual exacerbation rates, lung function, and SGRQ score for patients with moderate to very severe COPD, prior exacerbations, and blood EOS counts ≥220 cells/μ L. Benralizumab 100 mg also produced a numerical but statistically nonsignificant reduction in annual severe exacerbation rates. Some subgroups of patients with COPD exhibited enhanced responses to benralizumab and require further investigation. The safety profile of benralizumab for patients with COPD was comparable to the Phase III trials of benralizumab for patients with asthma. No new safety concerns were identified.
 EFFICACY OF DUPILUMAB IN CHRONIC OBSTRUCTIVE PULMONARY DISEASE WITH TYPE 2 INFLAMMATION BY BASELINE BLOOD EOSINOPHIL COUNT;  Rationale Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is characterized by progressive lung function decline and worsening symptoms, accelerated by recurrent exacerbations. Type 2 (T2) inflammation may play a significant role in a subset of patients with COPD. Dupilumab, a fully human monoclonal antibody, blocks the shared receptor component for interleukin (IL)‐4 and IL‐13, key and central drivers of T2 inflammation. Methods BOREAS (NCT03930732) was a 52‐week, phase 3, placebo‐controlled trial of the efficacy and safety of subcutaneous add‐on dupilumab 300 mg q2w vs placebo in COPD patients with moderate‐to‐severe airflow limitation with T2 inflammation (blood eosinophils ≥300 cells/μL at screening) on triple therapy with inhaled corticosteroids (ICS), long‐acting β2‐agonists (LABA), and long‐acting muscarinic antagonists (LAMA) (or LABA/LAMA if ICS was contraindicated). Primary endpoint: annualized rate of moderate or severe exacerbations (AECOPD). Secondary/other endpoints: change from baseline in pre‐bronchodilator FEV1 at Weeks 12/52; change from baseline in St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) total score and E‐RS: COPD RS‐Total Score at Week 52; SGRQ responders with ≥4‐point improvement from baseline at Week 52; blood eosinophil levels over time; and safety. Results 939 participants were randomized to placebo (N=471) or dupilumab (N=468). Treatment groups were balanced at baseline. Dupilumab met all multiplicity‐adjusted endpoints. Dupilumab demonstrated a 30% reduction in the annualized rate of AECOPD (p=0.0005). In the entire study population, dupilumab vs placebo significantly increased pre‐BD FEV1 at Week 12 (least squares mean (LSM) difference vs placebo: 83 mL, p<0.0001); through Week 52 (83 mL, p=0.0003). Dupilumab demonstrated greater improvement from baseline in pre‐BD FEV1 at Week 52 in the subgroup of patients with baseline blood eosinophils ≥300 cells/μL (table 1). Median change from baseline in blood eosinophils was '30.00 cells/ μL in both groups at Week 52. Safety was similar in the dupilumab and placebo groups. TEAEs were balanced between placebo and dupilumab groups. No clinically symptomatic eosinophilia was observed. Conclusions Dupilumab is the first biologic to significantly improve exacerbations, lung function, health‐related quality‐oflife, and symptoms in COPD patients with T2 inflammation.
 Triple Versus Dual Combination Therapy in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease in Asian Countries: analysis of the IMPACT Trial;  Introduction: In the IMPACT trial, single‐inhaler triple therapy fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) reduced moderate/severe exacerbation rates versus FF/VI or UMEC/VI dual therapy in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD); however, pneumonia incidence was higher in FF‐containing arms. As COPD is a growing problem in Asia, we compared the efficacy and safety of FF/UMEC/VI in Asia versus non‐Asia regions. Methods: IMPACT was a double‐blind, 52‐week trial in symptomatic COPD patients with ≥ 1 moderate/severe exacerbation in the prior year. This pre‐specified analysis evaluated the annual rate of moderate/severe exacerbations, change from baseline in trough forced expiratory volume in 1 s, and St George’s Respiratory Questionnaire total score, mortality, and safety (including pneumonia) in Asia versus non‐Asia regions. Results: The intent‐to‐treat population comprised 10,355 patients (Asia n = 1644 [16%]). Rate ratios (95% confidence intervals) for moderate/severe exacerbations with FF/UMEC/VI were 0.89 (0.76–1.05) versus FF/VI and 0.86 (0.71–1.04) versus UMEC/VI in Asia, and 0.84 (0.79–0.90) and 0.74 (0.68–0.80) in non‐Asia. Efficacy of FF/UMEC/VI on other endpoints was similar in both regions. There was an increased incidence of investigator‐reported pneumonia in patients in Asia (FF/UMEC/VI: 13%; FF/VI: 14%; UMEC/VI: 6%) compared with non‐Asia (FF/UMEC/VI: 6%; FF/VI: 5%; UMEC/VI: 4%). The increased risk of pneumonia in patients in Asia was most marked in patients with lower body mass index, lower lung function, and taking inhaled corticosteroids. In post hoc analysis of adjudicated on‐treatment all‐cause mortality, probabilities of death were numerically lower in both regions with FF/UMEC/VI (Asia: 1.16%; non‐Asia: 1.35%) and FF/VI (Asia: 1.77%; non‐Asia: 1.21%) versus UMEC/VI (Asia: 1.91%; non‐Asia: 2.23%). Conclusions: FF/UMEC/VI provides similar benefits in COPD patients in Asia and non‐Asia regions. Clinical benefits of treatment, including reduction in mortality risk, should be weighed against risk of pneumonia, taking account of all known risk factors. Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov identification, NCT02164513.
 Single inhaler extrafine triple therapy versus long-acting muscarinic antagonist therapy for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (TRINITY): a double-blind, parallel group, randomised controlled trial;  BACKGROUND: Limited data are available for the efficacy of triple therapy with two long‐acting bronchodilators and an inhaled corticosteroid in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). We compared treatment with extrafine beclometasone dipropionate, formoterol fumarate, and glycopyrronium bromide (BDP/FF/GB; fixed triple) with tiotropium, and BDP/FF plus tiotropium (open triple). METHODS: For this double‐blind, parallel‐group, randomised, controlled trial, eligible patients had COPD, post‐bronchodilator forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1) of less than 50%, at least one moderate‐to‐severe COPD exacerbation in the previous 12 months, and a COPD Assessment Test total score of at least 10. After a 2‐week run‐in period receiving one inhalation per day via single‐dose dry‐powder inhaler of open‐label 18 μg tiotropium, patients were randomised (2:2:1) using a interactive response technology system to 52 weeks treatment with tiotropium, fixed triple, or open triple. Randomisation was stratified by country and severity of airflow limitation. The primary endpoint was moderate‐to‐severe COPD exacerbation rate. The key secondary endpoint was change from baseline in pre‐dose FEV1 at week 52. The trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT01911364. FINDINGS: Between Jan 21, 2014, and March 18, 2016, 2691 patients received fixed triple (n=1078), tiotropium (n=1075), or open triple (n=538). Moderate‐to‐severe exacerbation rates were 0·46 (95% CI 0·41‐0·51) for fixed triple, 0·57 (0·52‐0·63) for tiotropium, and 0·45 (0·39‐0·52) for open triple; fixed triple was superior to tiotropium (rate ratio 0·80 [95% CI 0·69‐0·92]; p=0·0025). For week 52 pre‐dose FEV1, fixed triple was superior to tiotropium (mean difference 0·061 L [0·037 to 0·086]; p<0·0001) and non‐inferior to open triple (‐0·003L [‐0·033 to 0·027]; p=0·85). Adverse events were reported by 594 (55%) patients with fixed triple, 622 (58%) with tiotropium, and 309 (58%) with open triple. INTERPRETATION: In our TRINITY study, treatment with extrafine fixed triple therapy had clinical benefits compared with tiotropium in patients with symptomatic COPD, FEV1 of less than 50%, and a history of exacerbations. FUNDING: Chiesi Farmaceutici SpA.
 Single inhaler extrafine triple therapy versus long-acting muscarinic antagonist therapy for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (TRINITY): a double-blind, parallel group, randomised controlled trial;  Background Limited data are available for the efficacy of triple therapy with two long‐acting bronchodilators and an inhaled corticosteroid in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). We compared treatment with extrafine beclometasone dipropionate, formoterol fumarate, and glycopyrronium bromide (BDP/FF/GB; fixed triple) with tiotropium, and BDP/FF plus tiotropium (open triple). Methods For this double‐blind, parallel‐group, randomised, controlled trial, eligible patients had COPD, post‐bronchodilator forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1) of less than 50%, at least one moderate‐to‐severe COPD exacerbation in the previous 12 months, and a COPD Assessment Test total score of at least 10. After a 2‐week run‐in period receiving one inhalation per day via single‐dose dry‐powder inhaler of open‐label 18 μg tiotropium, patients were randomised (2:2:1) using a interactive response technology system to 52 weeks treatment with tiotropium, fixed triple, or open triple. Randomisation was stratified by country and severity of airflow limitation. The primary endpoint was moderate‐to‐severe COPD exacerbation rate. The key secondary endpoint was change from baseline in pre‐dose FEV1 at week 52. The trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT01911364. Findings Between Jan 21, 2014, and March 18, 2016, 2691 patients received fixed triple (n=1078), tiotropium (n=1075), or open triple (n=538). Moderate‐to‐severe exacerbation rates were 0·46 (95% CI 0·41–0·51) for fixed triple, 0·57 (0·52–0·63) for tiotropium, and 0·45 (0·39–0·52) for open triple; fixed triple was superior to tiotropium (rate ratio 0·80 [95% CI 0·69–0·92]; p=0·0025). For week 52 pre‐dose FEV1, fixed triple was superior to tiotropium (mean difference 0·061 L [0·037 to 0·086]; p<0·0001) and non‐inferior to open triple (−0·003L [–0·033 to 0·027]; p=0·85). Adverse events were reported by 594 (55%) patients with fixed triple, 622 (58%) with tiotropium, and 309 (58%) with open triple. Interpretation In our TRINITY study, treatment with extrafine fixed triple therapy had clinical benefits compared with tiotropium in patients with symptomatic COPD, FEV1 of less than 50%, and a history of exacerbations. Funding Chiesi Farmaceutici SpA.
 Impact of prior and concurrent medication on exacerbation risk with long-acting bronchodilators in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a post hoc analysis;  Background: Symptomatic patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and low exacerbation risk still have disease instability, which can be improved with better bronchodilation. We evaluated two long‐acting bronchodilators individually and in combination on reducing exacerbation risk and the potential impact of concurrent medication in these patients. Methods: Integrated post hoc intent‐to‐treat (ITT) analysis of data from two large 24‐week, randomized placebo (PBO)‐controlled trials (NCT01313637, NCT01313650). Symptomatic patients with moderate‐to‐very‐severe COPD with/without an exacerbation history were randomized (2:3:3:3) to once‐daily: PBO, umeclidinium/vilanterol (UMEC/VI 62.5/25 μg [NCT01313650] or 125/25 μg [NCT01313637]), UMEC (62.5 [NCT01313650] or 125 μg [NCT01313637]) or VI (25 μg) via the ELLIPTA inhaler. Medication subgroups were segmented by treatment status at screening: a) maintenance‐naïve or on maintenance medications, b) inhaled corticosteroid [ICS]‐free or ICS‐treated, c) low or high albuterol use based on median run‐in use (< 3.6 or ≥ 3.6 puffs/day). Time to first moderate/severe exacerbation (Cox proportional hazard model) and change from baseline in trough forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1; mixed model repeated measures) were analyzed. Safety was also assessed. Results: Of 3021 patients (ITT population; UMEC/VI: n = 816; UMEC: n = 825; VI: n = 825; PBO: n = 555), 36% had a recent exacerbation history, 33% were maintenance‐naïve, 51% were ICS‐free. Mean baseline albuterol use was 5.1 puffs/day. In the ITT population, UMEC/VI, UMEC, and VI reduced the risk of a first exacerbation versus PBO by 58, 44, and 39%, respectively (all p < 0.05). UMEC/VI provided significant risk reductions versus PBO in all subgroups. VI had no benefit versus PBO in maintenance‐naïve, ICS‐free, and low rescue use patients and was significantly less effective than UMEC/VI in these subgroups. UMEC had no significant benefit versus PBO in maintenance‐naïve and ICS‐free patients. All bronchodilators improved FEV1 versus PBO, and UMEC/VI significantly improved FEV1 versus both monotherapies across all populations studied (p < 0.05). All bronchodilators were similarly well tolerated. Conclusions: Results suggest that UMEC/VI reduces exacerbation risk versus PBO more consistently across medication subgroups than UMEC or VI, particularly in patients with no/low concurrent medication use. Confirmed prospectively, these findings may support first‐line use of dual bronchodilation therapy in symptomatic low‐risk patients.
 Assessment in a real-world setting of the effect of inhaled steroid-based triple therapy versus the combination of tiotropium and olodaterol on reducing chronic obstructive pulmonary disease exacerbations: airwise study design;  PROBLEM DESCRIPTION: The role of the triple therapy combination of a long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA), a long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA), and an inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is a topic of debate. The Global initiative for chronic Obstructive Lung Disease (GOLD) 2017 recommends step‐up from LAMA/LABA to triple therapy if patients have further exacerbations. However, GOLD acknowledges more evidence is needed to draw conclusions on the benefits of triple therapy versus LAMA/LABA. In addition, payers and clinicians seek real‐world evidence for the pharmacologic treatment of COPD. GOAL: To generate scientifically rigorous evidence in a real‐world setting to guide clinical and budgetary decision‐making by comparing clinical and health‐care resource utilization (HCRU) outcomes of patients with COPD, randomized to the fixed‐dose combination of tiotropium and olodaterol (T/O) or triple therapy. PROGRAM DESCRIPTION: This 12‐month, randomized, open‐label, pragmatic clinical trial (PCT) will enroll 3200 patients across 400 community‐based physician sites. Reflecting the pragmatic design, patients will be randomized to T/O or triple therapy (1:1 ratio) following the physician's decision to escalate therapy. The minimal inclusion criteria are age ≥40 years with COPD deemed by the physician to be not controlled on current therapy (LAMA or LABA, or ICS/LABA). Other than collection of baseline measures, patients will receive usual care and be followed for 12 months with both site‐level and claims data collected. The study is due to begin enrolling in Q3 2017. OBSERVATIONS: Primary endpoint is time to first moderate or severe COPD exacerbation. Secondary endpoints include annual rate of moderate or severe exacerbations, time to first and annual rate of severe exacerbations, and proportion of patients with moderate or severe exacerbations. Safety, all‐cause and COPD‐related HCRU and costs, and the main drivers of HCRU, will also be evaluated. The primary endpoint will be analyzed on site‐level data using a Cox proportional hazards model. A sensitivity analysis will be performed for the primary endpoint by integrating site‐level and claims data. FINDINGS/RECOMMENDATIONS: The AIRWISE study is the first large‐scale U.S. PCT in COPD. The research question and endpoints directly address a pivotal clinical question put forward by GOLD 2017 and will provide much‐needed real‐world clinical and HCRU evidence for clinicians, payers, and health policy makers.
 Reduced All-Cause Mortality in the ETHOS Trial of Budesonide/Glycopyrrolate/Formoterol for Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease. A Randomized, Double-Blind, Multicenter, Parallel-Group Study;  Rationale: In the phase III, 52‐week ETHOS (Efficacy and Safety of Triple Therapy in Obstructive Lung Disease) trial in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) (NCT02465567), triple therapy with budesonide/glycopyrrolate/formoterol fumarate (BGF) significantly reduced all‐cause mortality compared with glycopyrrolate/formoterol fumarate (GFF). However, 384 of 8,509 patients were missing vital status at Week 52 in the original analyses.Objectives: To assess the robustness of the ETHOS mortality findings after additional data retrieval for patients missing Week 52 vital status in the original analyses.Methods: Patients with moderate to very severe COPD and prior history of exacerbation received twice‐daily dosing with 320/18/9.6 μg of BGF (BGF 320), 160/18/9.6 μg of BGF (BGF 160), 18/9.6 μg of GFF, or 320/9.6 μg of budesonide/formoterol fumarate (BFF) (all delivered via a single metered‐dose Aerosphere inhaler). Time to death (all‐cause) was a prespecified secondary endpoint.Measurements and Main Results: In the final retrieved dataset, which included Week 52 vital status for 99.6% of the intent‐to‐treat population, risk of death with BGF 320 was significantly lower than GFF (hazard ratio, 0.51; 95% confidence interval, 0.33‐0.80; unadjusted P = 0.0035). There were no significant differences in mortality when comparing BGF 320 with BFF (hazard ratio, 0.72; 95% confidence interval, 0.44‐1.16; P = 0.1721), nor were significant differences observed when comparing BGF 160 against either dual comparator. Results were similar when the first 30, 60, or 90 days of treatment were excluded from the analysis. Deaths from cardiovascular causes occurred in 0.5%, 0.8%, 1.4%, and 0.5% of patients in the BGF 320, BGF 160, GFF, and BFF groups, respectively.Conclusions: Using final retrieved vital status data, triple therapy with BGF 320 reduced the risk of death compared with GFF, but was not shown to significantly reduce the risk of death compared with BFF, in patients with COPD. Triple therapy containing a lower dose of inhaled corticosteroid (BGF 160) was not shown to significantly reduce the risk of death compared with the dual therapy comparators.
 Comparing clinically relevant improvement with umeclidinium/vilanterol and tiotropium/ olodaterol in symptomatic COPD: a randomised non-inferiority crossover trial;  Introduction and Objectives Here we report the Results of the first direct comparison of the once‐daily fixed‐dose long‐acting muscarinic antagonist/long‐acting b2‐agonist (LAMA/LABA) combinations umeclidinium/vilanterol (UMEC/VI) 62.5/25 mcg and tiotropium/olodaterol (TIO/OLO) 5/5 mcg in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Methods This randomised, 2‐period crossover study (204990, NCT02799784) included inhaled corticosteroid‐free patients with COPD, a modified Medical Research Council dyspnoea score 2, forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1)/forced vital capacity ratio of <0.70 and post‐salbutamol FEV150%‐70% predicted. Patients were randomised to UMEC/VI (62.5/25 mcg once daily) via an ELLIPTA dry powder inhaler followed by TIO/OLO 5/5 mcg (2 puffs once daily) via a RESPIMAT inhaler (each for 8 weeks with an interim 3 week washout period), or vice versa. The primary endpoint was change from baseline (CFB) in trough FEV1 at Week 8 with a non‐inferiority (NI) margin of ‐50 mL in the per protocol (PP) population. Additional outcomes included inspiratory capacity (IC), rescue medication use and ease of inhaler use (assessed using a six‐point questionnaire). Adverse events (AEs) were also assessed. Results 236 patients (mean age 64.4 years, 60% male) were included in the intent‐to‐treat (ITT) population and 227 in the PP population. The primary endpoint of CFB in trough FEV1 at Week 8 confirmed NI of UMEC/VI vs TIO/OLO (175 mL vs 122 mL; least squares mean difference 53 mL [95% confidence interval: 26, 80]; p<0.001; PP population) and demonstrated superiority in the ITT population (Table). Patients receiving UMEC/VI were significantly more likely to achieve clinically meaningful improvements (≥100 mL) in trough FEV1 at Weeks 4 and 8 vs TIO/OLO, and showed significant improvements at Weeks 4 and 8 in IC and rescue medication use (Table). The ELLIPTA inhaler was rated higher than RESPIMAT in all ease‐ofuse questionnaire items (p^le;0.001). The incidence of on‐treatment AEs was similar in both groups (UMEC/VI, n=59 [25%]; TIO/ OLO, n=71 [31%]). Conclusions In this first, direct, once‐daily LAMA/LABA comparison, a greater likelihood of improvements in lung function was demonstrated with UMEC/VI vs TIO/OLO. The ELLIPTA inhaler was preferred to RESPIMAT. Both LAMA/LABAs were well tolerated.
 Efficacy of Tiotropium/Olodaterol Compared with Tiotropium as a First-Line Maintenance Treatment in Patients with COPD Who Are Naïve to LAMA, LABA and ICS: pooled Analysis of Four Clinical Trials;  INTRODUCTION: The efficacy of tiotropium/olodaterol compared with tiotropium in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) has been demonstrated in a large clinical programme. Currently, randomised controlled trial (RCT) data on dual bronchodilation as first‐line maintenance therapy are limited. In this post hoc analysis of pooled data from four RCTs, we compared the efficacy of tiotropium/olodaterol versus tiotropium as maintenance therapy in patients with COPD who were not receiving maintenance treatment with long‐acting muscarinic antagonists (LAMAs), long‐acting β2‐agonists (LABAs) or inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) ("maintenance naïve") at study entry. METHODS: TONADO® 1/2 (52 weeks) and OTEMTO® 1/2 (12 weeks) were phase III RCTs in patients with COPD. TONADO 1/2 and OTEMTO 1/2 enrolled patients with post‐bronchodilator forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1) < 80% predicted (lower limit FEV1 ≥ 30% in OTEMTO 1/2 only). We examined the effect of tiotropium/olodaterol 5/5 µg versus tiotropium 5 µg on trough FEV1 response, St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) total score and Transition Dyspnoea Index (TDI) focal score at 12 weeks in four pooled studies. RESULTS: The pooled analysis included 1078 maintenance‐naïve patients. There were significant improvements with tiotropium/olodaterol versus tiotropium in trough FEV1 [0.056 L; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.033, 0.079; P < 0.0001], SGRQ score (‐ 1.780; 95% CI ‐ 3.126 to ‐ 0.434; P = 0.0096) and TDI score (0.409; 95% CI 0.077, 0.741; P = 0.0158) at week 12. For patients receiving tiotropium/olodaterol, the odds of achieving a minimal clinically important difference from baseline in any of the analysed outcomes (FEV1 ≥ 0.1 L, SGRQ ≥ 4.0 points or TDI ≥ 1.0 point) were higher versus tiotropium. CONCLUSIONS: In patients who were maintenance naïve at baseline, treatment initiation with tiotropium/olodaterol resulted in greater improvements in lung function, health status and dyspnoea severity compared with tiotropium alone, without compromising patient safety. These results support the use of dual bronchodilation with tiotropium/olodaterol as first‐line maintenance treatment in patients with COPD. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov: TONADO® 1 and 2 (NCT01431274 and NCT01431287, registered 8 September 2011) and OTEMTO® 1 and 2 (NCT01964352 and NCT02006732, registered 14 October 2013).
 Efficacy and Safety of Umeclidinium/Vilanterol in Current and Former Smokers with COPD: a Prespecified Analysis of The EMAX Trial;  Introduction: Smoking may reduce the efficacy of inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), but its impact on bronchodilator efficacy is unclear. This analysis of the EMAX trial explored efficacy and safety of dual‐ versus mono‐bronchodilator therapy in current or former smokers with COPD. Methods: The 24‐week EMAX trial evaluated lung function, symptoms, health status, exacerbations, clinically important deterioration, and safety with umeclidinium/vilanterol, umeclidinium, and salmeterol in symptomatic patients at low exacerbation risk who were not receiving ICS. Current and former smoker subgroups were defined by smoking status at screening. Results: The analysis included 1203 (50%) current smokers and 1221 (50%) former smokers. Both subgroups demonstrated greater improvements from baseline in trough FEV1 at week 24 (primary endpoint) with umeclidinium/vilanterol versus umeclidinium (least squares [LS] mean difference, mL [95% CI]; current: 84 [50, 117]; former: 49 [18, 80]) and salmeterol (current: 165 [132, 198]; former: 117 [86, 148]) and larger reductions in rescue medication inhalations/day over 24 weeks versus umeclidinium (LS mean difference [95% CI]; current: − 0.42 [− 0.63, − 0.20]; former: − 0.25 − 0.44, − 0.05]) and salmeterol (current: − 0.28 [− 0.49, − 0.06]; former: − 0.29 [− 0.49, − 0.09]). Umeclidinium/vilanterol increased the odds (odds ratio [95% CI]) of clinically significant improvement at week 24 in Transition Dyspnea Index versus umeclidinium (current: 1.54 [1.16, 2.06]; former: 1.32 [0.99, 1.75]) and salmeterol (current: 1.37 (1.03, 1.82]; former: 1.60 [1.20, 2.13]) and Evaluating Respiratory Symptoms–COPD versus umeclidinium (current: 1.54 [1.13, 2.09]; former: 1.50 [1.11, 2.04]) and salmeterol (current: 1.53 [1.13, 2.08]; former: 1.53 [1.12, 2.08]). All treatments were well tolerated in both subgroups. Conclusions: In current and former smokers, umeclidinium/vilanterol provided greater improvements in lung function and symptoms versus umeclidinium and salmeterol, supporting consideration of dual‐bronchodilator therapy in symptomatic patients with COPD regardless of their smoking status.
 The impact of smoking on improving COPD outcomes with umeclidinium/vilanterol: a pre-specified analysis of the EMAX trial;  Objectives Many patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) continue to smoke; however, the impact of smoking on bronchodilator responses is not well understood. This pre‐specified analysis of the Early MAXimisation of bronchodilation for improving COPD stability (EMAX) trial compared umeclidinium/vilanterol (UMEC/VI) with UMEC and salmeterol (SAL) in current and former smokers. Methods This 24‐week, double‐blind, parallel‐group trial randomised symptomatic patients at low exacerbation risk not receiving inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) to UMEC/VI 62.5/25 μg once‐daily, UMEC 62.5 μg once‐daily, or SAL 50 μg twice‐daily. Outcomes included: lung function, patient‐reported outcomes, moderate/severe exacerbation risk and clinically important deterioration (CID). Safety was also assessed. Results Overall, 1203 and 1221 patients were current and former smokers, with a mean (standard deviation [SD]) of 48.0 (25.5) and 48.8 (27.5) pack years, respectively. For current and former smokers respectively, mean (SD) age was 61.7 (7.7) and 67.5 (8.2) years, 47% and 35% were female, and 14% and 19% had experienced a moderate exacerbation in the prior year. At screening, mean (SD) post‐bronchodilator forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) was 1647 (515) mL and 1545 (502) mL and mean (SD) COPD Assessment Test (CAT) score was 20.0 (6.2) and 18.3 (5.6). Change from baseline in trough FEV1 at Week 24 (primary endpoint) was statistically significantly greater with UMEC/VI versus UMEC and SAL for both current and former smokers (all p<0.01) (table 1). Significantly higher proportions of responders were observed with UMEC/VI versus monotherapy for self‐administered Transition Dyspnoea Index (TDI) (p<0.05; except versus UMEC in former smokers: p=0.055) and Evaluating Respiratory Symptoms (E‐RS) total score (p<0.01) (table 1). UMEC/VI demonstrated significant improvements in mean rescue medication inhalations/day over 24 weeks versus UMEC and SAL in both smoking subgroups (p<0.05) (table 1). In current and former smokers, UMEC/VI statistically significantly reduced the risk of a first moderate/severe exacerbation or CID versus SAL (p<0.05); however, these benefits were only observed versus UMEC for former smokers (p£0.05) (table 1). Safety profiles were similar for current and former smokers. Conclusions Smoking status does not appear to have a major impact on the efficacy or safety of UMEC/VI. Funding GSK (201749; NCT03034915).
 The impact of gold stage on the effectiveness of tiotropium/olodaterol in preventing COPD exacerbations in the dynagito trial;  RATIONALE The DYNAGITO trial investigated the effect of bronchodilation on exacerbation rate in patients with COPD. The observed rates were 0.90 per patient‐year with tiotropium/olodaterol (T/O) and 0.97 per patient‐year with tiotropium alone (Tio) (rate ratio 0.93; 99% confidence interval 0.85‐1.02; P=0.0498). We investigated whether the effect on exacerbation rate was the same across patients with varying degrees of baseline airflow limitation. METHODS DYNAGITO was a 52‐week, double‐blind trial in which patients with COPD were randomized (1:1) to receive T/O 5/5μg or Tio 5μg once daily, delivered via Respimat® (NCT02296138). Patients continued to take inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) if receiving them at baseline. Inclusion criteria included postbronchodilator FEV1 <60% predicted at baseline and at least one moderate or severe exacerbation in the previous 12 months. In this post hoc analysis, we grouped patients by baseline Global Initiative for Chronic Obstructive Lung Disease (GOLD) stages 2‐4; there was a small number of patients classed as GOLD 1 (n=47), so we did not include this group. We used a negative binomial model adjusted for a number of covariates to calculate adjusted incidence rates and rate ratios. RESULTS Overall, there were 2,784 patients classed as GOLD 2, 4,039 as GOLD 3 and 992 as GOLD 4. Baseline COPD treatment differed by GOLD stage. More patients were receiving a long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) only or LAMA/long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA) in GOLD 2 (12.6% and 13.4%) than GOLD 3 (7.5% and 12.0%) or 4 (5.6% and 8.4%), while fewer patients were receiving LAMA/LABA/ICS in GOLD 2 (32.6%) than in GOLD 3 (42.8%) or 4 (47.7%). T/O reduced the exacerbation rate compared with Tio in GOLD 2 and 3 patients, but not in GOLD 4 patients (Figure). CONCLUSION The results demonstrate that improving bronchodilation with T/O reduced the exacerbation rate compared with Tio in patients with GOLD 2 and 3 COPD. The lack of effect of bronchodilators in the most severely limited patients has been reported previously (Wedzicha et al. N Engl J Med 2016;374:2222‐34) and may reflect the complex contributors to airflow obstruction in very severe COPD. (Figure Presented) .
 Tiotropium/olodaterol therapy provides symptomatic benefits irrespective of prior maintenance treatment: post hoc analyses of the OTEMTO® studies;  Rationale The combination of tiotropium (T), a long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA), plus olodaterol (O), a long‐acting β2‐ agonist (LABA), is approved for once‐daily maintenance treatment of COPD. The randomised, double‐blind, Phase IIIb OTEMTO® 1 and 2 studies (NCT01431274; NCT01431287) showed improvements in quality of life and lung function after 12 weeks' treatment with T/O compared to T alone or placebo in patients with moderate to severe COPD. This post hoc analysis investigated whether previous maintenance treatment with a long‐acting bronchodilator or inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) influenced symptomatic benefits of T/O. Methods Patients aged ≥40 years received T/O 2.5/5 mg, T/O 5/5 mg, T 5 mg or placebo once daily for 12 weeks via Respimat® inhaler. St George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) total score was a primary end point, alongside lung function (FEV1 area under the curve from 0‐3 hours and trough FEV1 responses). Secondary end points included Mahler Transition Dyspnoea Index (TDI) focal score. Salbutamol/albuterol was provided as rescue medication and use was recorded in an e‐diary. We report comparisons between T/O 5/5 mg, T 5 mg and placebo. Results Of the 1621 patients evaluated, 943 had received prior maintenance treatment (66.7% LABA; 59.4% LAMA; 64.5% ICS) and 678 had not. Similar improvements in mean SGRQ total score were observed with T/O compared to T and placebo, respectively, in patients receiving prior maintenance treatment (2.02 and 4.59 units) and those without (2.20 and 4.78 units) (Table). TDI focal scores improved with T/O compared to T and placebo, respectively, in patients receiving prior maintenance treatment (0.60 and 1.87 units) and those without (0.60 and 1.33 units) (Table). Patients with and without prior maintenance treatment demonstrated similar improvements in daytime and night‐time rescue medication use and lung‐function improvements with T/O compared to T and placebo. Conclusions T/O provides symptomatic benefits as demonstrated by improvements in SGRQ score, TDI focal score and decreased rescue medication use compared to placebo and T, independent of previous maintenance treatment. These findings suggest T/O is beneficial over monotherapy when used as first COPD maintenance treatment. (Table Presented).
 InforMing the PAthway of COPD Treatment (IMPACT Trial) Single-Inhaler Triple Therapy (Fluticasone Furoate/Umeclidinium/ Vilanterol) Versus Fluticasone Furoate/Vilanterol and Umeclidinium/Vilanterol in Patients with COPD: analysis of the Western Europe and North America Regions;  Background: The InforMing the Pathway of COPD Treatment (IMPACT) trial demonstrated lower moderate/ severe exacerbation rates with fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) versus FF/VI or UMEC/VI in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and a history of exacerbations. Since IMPACT was a global study, post‐hoc analyses were conducted by geographic region to investigate potential differences in overall findings. Methods: IMPACT was a 52‐week, randomized, double‐blind trial. Patients with symptomatic COPD and ≥1 moderate/severe exacerbation in the prior year were randomized 2:2:1 to once‐daily FF/UMEC/VI 100/62.5/25µg, FF/VI 100/25µg, or UMEC/VI 62.5/25µg. Endpoints assessed in the overall, Western Europe and North America populations included on‐treatment moderate/severe exacerbation (rates and time‐to‐first), trough forced expiratory volume in 1 second and St George’s Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) total score. Safety was assessed. Results: Overall, 10,355 patients were enrolled, 3164 from Western Europe, 2639 from North America. FF/ UMEC/VI significantly reduced on‐treatment moderate/severe exacerbation rates versus FF/VI and UMEC/ VI in Western Europe (rate ratios 0.82 [95% CI 0.74‐0.91], P<.001 and 0.76 [0.67‐0.87], P<.001) and in North America (0.87 [0.77‐0.97], P=.014 and 0.69 [0.60‐0.80], P<.001). FF/UMEC/VI reduced time‐to‐first moderate/ severe exacerbation and improved lung function versus FF/VI and UMEC/VI in both regions, and improved SGRQ total score in Western Europe, but not North America. Safety profiles were generally similar between treatment groups/regions; the inhaled corticosteroid class effect of increased pneumonia incidence was seen in North America but not Western Europe. Conclusions: Consistent with intent‐to‐treat results, FF/UMEC/VI reduced moderate/severe exacerbation rate and risk and improved lung function in Western Europe and North America; however, between‐regions differences were seen for SGRQ total score and pneumonia incidence.
 Real-World Effectiveness of Fluticasone Furoate/ Umeclidinium/Vilanterol Once-Daily Single-Inhaler Triple Therapy for Symptomatic COPD: the ELLITHE Non-Interventional Trial;  Purpose: Real‐life effectiveness data on once‐daily single‐inhaler triple therapy (odSITT) with the inhaled corticosteroid fluticasone furoate (FF), the long‐acting muscarinic antagonist umeclidinium (UMEC), and the long‐acting β2‐agonist vilanterol (VI) in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) are important to complement evidence from well‐controlled randomized clinical trials. Effectiveness of odSITT was quantified by assessing health status and symptoms in usual care. Patients and Methods: ELLITHE was a single‐country (Germany), multicenter, open‐label, non‐interventional effectiveness study between 2020 and 2022, evaluating the effect of treatment initiation with FF/UMEC/VI 100/62.5/25 µg once‐daily via the ELLIPTA inhaler on improvements in clinical outcomes versus baseline in COPD patients. The primary endpoint was the change in the total COPD Assessment Test (CAT) score between baseline and month 12. Key secondary endpoints included change in CAT score over time, occurrence of exacerbations until month 12, changes in forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1), inhaler adherence, and safety. Results: Nine hundred and six patients were included (age 66.6 years, 55.6% male, mean FEV1 52.6% of predicted, mean CAT 21.5 units, 1.4 exacerbations/year pre‐study). About 63.9% of patients were escalated from dual therapies, and 18% were switched from multiple‐inhaler triple therapies. Reductions in CAT score at month 12 were statistically significant and above the threshold of clinical importance (−2.6 units; p < 0.0001). CAT score also improved at interim visits. CAT improvements were more pronounced in patients with high baseline scores and better inhaler adherence. Exacerbations during follow‐up were rare (0.2 events/year) compared to pre‐study (1.4 events/year). FEV1 was improved by 93 mL (p < 0.0001). No new safety effects were observed. Conclusion: In usual care, treatment with odSITT resulted in significant and clinically relevant improvements of CAT score and FEV1 in COPD patients, regardless of the occurrence of exacerbations. These findings challenge the current guideline recommendations for SITT only in patients experiencing exacerbations.
 Real-World Effectiveness of Fluticasone Furoate/Umeclidinium/Vilanterol Once-Daily Single-Inhaler Triple Therapy for Symptomatic COPD: the ELLITHE Non-Interventional Trial;  Purpose: Real‐life effectiveness data on once‐daily single‐inhaler triple therapy (odSITT) with the inhaled corticosteroid fluticasone furoate (FF), the long‐acting muscarinic antagonist umeclidinium (UMEC), and the long‐acting β2‐agonist vilanterol (VI) in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) are important to complement evidence from well‐controlled randomized clinical trials. Effectiveness of odSITT was quantified by assessing health status and symptoms in usual care. Patients and Methods: ELLITHE was a single‐country (Germany), multicenter, open‐label, non‐interventional effectiveness study between 2020 and 2022, evaluating the effect of treatment initiation with FF/UMEC/VI 100/62.5/25 µg once‐daily via the ELLIPTA inhaler on improvements in clinical outcomes versus baseline in COPD patients. The primary endpoint was the change in the total COPD Assessment Test (CAT) score between baseline and month 12. Key secondary endpoints included change in CAT score over time, occurrence of exacerbations until month 12, changes in forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1), inhaler adherence, and safety. Results: Nine hundred and six patients were included (age 66.6 years, 55.6% male, mean FEV1 52.6% of predicted, mean CAT 21.5 units, 1.4 exacerbations/year pre‐study). About 63.9% of patients were escalated from dual therapies, and 18% were switched from multiple‐inhaler triple therapies. Reductions in CAT score at month 12 were statistically significant and above the threshold of clinical importance (‐2.6 units; p < 0.0001). CAT score also improved at interim visits. CAT improvements were more pronounced in patients with high baseline scores and better inhaler adherence. Exacerbations during follow‐up were rare (0.2 events/year) compared to pre‐study (1.4 events/year). FEV1 was improved by 93 mL (p < 0.0001). No new safety effects were observed. Conclusion: In usual care, treatment with odSITT resulted in significant and clinically relevant improvements of CAT score and FEV1 in COPD patients, regardless of the occurrence of exacerbations. These findings challenge the current guideline recommendations for SITT only in patients experiencing exacerbations.
 Single-inhaler triple therapy fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol versus dual therapy in current and former smokers with COPD: IMPACT trial post hoc analysis;  BACKGROUND: Smoking is the major risk factor for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). In IMPACT, single‐inhaler fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) triple therapy significantly reduced moderate/severe exacerbation rates and improved lung function and health status versus FF/VI or UMEC/VI in COPD patients. This post hoc analysis investigated trial outcomes by smoking status. METHODS: IMPACT was a double‐blind, 52‐week trial. Patients aged ≥40 years with symptomatic COPD and ≥1 moderate/severe exacerbation in the prior year were randomized 2:2:1 to FF/UMEC/VI 100/62.5/25 μg, FF/VI 100/25 μg, or UMEC/VI 62.5/25 μg. Endpoints assessed by smoking status at screening included rate and risk of moderate/severe exacerbations, change from baseline in trough forced expiratory volume in 1 s, and St George's Respiratory Questionnaire total score at Week 52. Safety was also assessed. RESULTS: Of the 10,355 patients in the intent‐to‐treat population, 3,587 (35%) were current smokers. FF/UMEC/VI significantly reduced on‐treatment moderate/severe exacerbation rates versus FF/VI and UMEC/VI in current (rate ratio 0.85 [95% confidence interval: 0.77‐0.95]; P = 0.003 and 0.86 [0.76‐0.98]; P = 0.021) and former smokers (0.85 [0.78‐0.91]; P < 0.001 and 0.70 [0.64‐0.77]; P < 0.001). FF/UMEC/VI significantly reduced time‐to‐first on‐treatment moderate/severe exacerbation versus FF/VI and UMEC/VI in former smokers, and versus FF/VI in current smokers. Similar trends were seen for lung function and health status. Former smokers receiving inhaled corticosteroid‐containing therapy had higher pneumonia incidence than current smokers. CONCLUSIONS: FF/UMEC/VI improved clinical outcomes versus dual therapy regardless of smoking status. Benefits of FF/UMEC/VI versus UMEC/VI were greatest in former smokers, potentially due to relative corticosteroid resistance in current smokers. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: GSK (CTT116855/NCT02164513).
 Single-inhaler triple therapy fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol versus dual therapy in current and former smokers with COPD: IMPACT trial post hoc analysis;  Background: Smoking is the major risk factor for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). In IMPACT, single‐inhaler fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) triple therapy significantly reduced moderate/severe exacerbation rates and improved lung function and health status versus FF/VI or UMEC/VI in COPD patients. This post hoc analysis investigated trial outcomes by smoking status. Methods: IMPACT was a double‐blind, 52‐week trial. Patients aged ≥40 years with symptomatic COPD and ≥1 moderate/severe exacerbation in the prior year were randomized 2:2:1 to FF/UMEC/VI 100/62.5/25 μg, FF/VI 100/25 μg, or UMEC/VI 62.5/25 μg. Endpoints assessed by smoking status at screening included rate and risk of moderate/severe exacerbations, change from baseline in trough forced expiratory volume in 1 s, and St George's Respiratory Questionnaire total score at Week 52. Safety was also assessed. Results: Of the 10,355 patients in the intent‐to‐treat population, 3,587 (35%) were current smokers. FF/UMEC/VI significantly reduced on‐treatment moderate/severe exacerbation rates versus FF/VI and UMEC/VI in current (rate ratio 0.85 [95% confidence interval: 0.77–0.95]; P = 0.003 and 0.86 [0.76–0.98]; P = 0.021) and former smokers (0.85 [0.78–0.91]; P < 0.001 and 0.70 [0.64–0.77]; P < 0.001). FF/UMEC/VI significantly reduced time‐to‐first on‐treatment moderate/severe exacerbation versus FF/VI and UMEC/VI in former smokers, and versus FF/VI in current smokers. Similar trends were seen for lung function and health status. Former smokers receiving inhaled corticosteroid‐containing therapy had higher pneumonia incidence than current smokers. Conclusions: FF/UMEC/VI improved clinical outcomes versus dual therapy regardless of smoking status. Benefits of FF/UMEC/VI versus UMEC/VI were greatest in former smokers, potentially due to relative corticosteroid resistance in current smokers. Clinical trial registration: GSK (CTT116855/NCT02164513).
 Risk of Exacerbation and Pneumonia with Single-Inhaler Triple versus Dual Therapy in IMPACT;  Rationale: In the IMPACT (Informing the Pathway of COPD Treatment) trial, single‐inhaler fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) triple therapy reduced exacerbation risk versus FF/VI and UMEC/VI and mortality risk versus UMEC/VI. However, pneumonia incidence was higher in the inhaled corticosteroid (FF)‐containing arms, raising questions about the relative benefit of exacerbation reduction compared with the increased risk of pneumonia.Objectives: Determine benefit‐risk of the three treatments by evaluating time‐to‐first and rates of composite exacerbation or pneumonia outcomes.Methods: We evaluated time‐to‐first (prespecified) and rates (post hoc) of investigator‐reported pneumonia, serious pneumonia leading to hospitalization or death, and the composite endpoints of 1) moderate (required antibiotics/corticosteroids)/severe (hospitalized) exacerbation or pneumonia and 2) severe exacerbation or serious (hospitalized) pneumonia. Analyses were repeated for radiographically confirmed pneumonia (post hoc).Results: Moderate/severe exacerbations occurred in 47%, 49%, and 50% of patients randomized to FF/UMEC/VI, FF/VI and UMEC/VI, and pneumonias in 8%, 7%, and 5%, respectively. FF/UMEC/VI reduced the risk of combined moderate/severe exacerbation or pneumonia (time‐to‐first) versus FF/VI (hazard ratio, 0.87 [95% confidence interval (CI), 0.82‐0.92]) and UMEC/VI (0.87 [0.81‐0.94]), as well as the risk of combined severe exacerbation or serious pneumonia versus UMEC/VI (0.83 [0.72‐0.96]). FF/UMEC/VI reduced the rate of combined moderate/severe exacerbation or pneumonia (rate ratio, 0.78 [0.72‐0.84]) and combined severe exacerbation or serious pneumonia (rate ratio, 0.76 [0.65‐0.89]) versus UMEC/VI. Results were similar for radiographically confirmed pneumonia endpoints.Conclusions: Despite higher incidence of pneumonia in FF‐containing arms, these composite exacerbation/pneumonia outcomes support a favorable benefit‐risk profile of FF/UMEC/VI versus FF/VI and UMEC/VI in patients with symptomatic chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and a history of exacerbations.
 Understanding Practice Patterns of COPD: a Survey of Physicians in Nepal, Sri Lanka and Malaysia;  Introduction: There is much recent data from Nepal, Sri Lanka and Malaysia that can help us understand the practice patterns of physicians regarding the diagnosis and management of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) in these countries. We conducted this survey to understand the practice patterns of physicians related to the diagnosis and management of COPD in these three countries. Methods: This questionnaire‐based, observational, multicentre, cross‐sectional survey was carried out with 438 randomly selected physicians consulting COPD patients. Results: In the survey, 73.29% of the physicians consulted at least five COPD patients daily (all patients > 40 years of age). 31.14% of the COPD patients visiting their doctors were women. Among physicians, 95.12% reported that at least 70% of their patients were smokers. 34.18% of the physicians did not routinely use spirometry to diagnose COPD. Most physicians preferred a short‐acting β2‐agonist (SABA) (28.19%) in the Global Initiative for Chronic Obstructive Lung Disease (GOLD) Group‐A and long‐acting muscarinic receptor antagonist plus long‐acting β2‐agonist/inhaled corticosteroids (LAMA + LABA/ICS) in both the GOLD Group‐C (39.86%) and Group‐D (72.89%) patients. A significant number (40.67%) of physicians preferred LABA/LAMA for their GOLD Group‐B patients. A pressurised metered dose inhaler (pMDI) with or without spacer was the most preferred device. Only 23.67% of the physicians believed that at least 70% of their patients had good adherence (> 80%) to therapy. Up to 54.42% of the physicians prescribed inhalation therapy to every COPD patient. Also, 39.95% of the physicians evaluated their patients’ inhalation technique on every visit. Up to 52.67% of the physicians advised home nebulisation to > 10% of patients, with nebulised SABA/short‐acting muscarinic receptor antagonist (SAMA) being the most preferred management choice. Most physicians offered smoking cessation advice (94.16%) and/or vaccinations (74.30%) as non‐pharmacological management, whereas pulmonary rehabilitation was offered by a smaller number of physicians. Cost of therapy and poor technique were the most common reasons for non‐adherence to COPD management therapy. Conclusion: Awareness of spirometry can be increased to improve the diagnosis of COPD. Though physicians are following the GOLD strategy recommendations for the pharmacological and non‐pharmacological management of COPD, awareness of spirometry could be increased to improve proper diagnosis. Regular device demonstration during each visit can improve the inhalation technique and can possibly increase adherence to treatment.
 Indacaterol/glycopyrronium reduces the risk of clinically important deterioration after direct switch from baseline therapies in patients with moderate COPD: a post hoc analysis of the CRYSTAL study;  Purpose: COPD is a progressive disease characterized by exacerbations and a decline in health status and lung function. Clinically important deterioration (CID) is a composite endpoint used to evaluate treatment efficacy. This analysis evaluated the impact of a direct switch to once‐daily indacaterol/glycopyrronium 110/50 µg (IND/GLY) from previous monotherapy with a long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA) or long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) or with an LABA and an inhaled corticosteroid (LABA + ICS) on reducing CID. Methods: CRYSTAL was a 12‐week, prospective, multicenter, randomized, open‐label study conducted in clinical practice settings. Three definitions of CID (D1‐D3) were used, including: 1) ≥100 mL decrease in trough forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1), 2) ≥1 point decrease in transition dyspnea index (TDI) and/or ≥0.4 points increase in clinical COPD questionnaire score (CCQ), or 3) an acute moderate/severe exacerbation (AECOPD). In D1 and D2, either TDI or CCQ was evaluated along with FEV1 and AECOPD, whereas in D3, all 4 parameters were included. ClinicalTrials.gov number: NCT01985334. Results: Of the 2,159 patients analyzed, 1,622 switched to IND/GLY and 537 continued their baseline treatments. The percentage of patients with a CID was significantly lower after a direct switch to IND/GLY versus LABA or LAMA using all 3 CID definitions (D1: odds ratio [OR] 0.41 [95% CI: 0.30‐0.55]; D2: OR 0.41 [95% CI: 0.31‐0.55]; D3: OR 0.39 [95% CI: 0.29‐0.52]). Compared with LABA + ICS, IND/GLY also reduced the risk of CID (D1: OR 0.76 [95% CI: 0.56‐1.02]; D2: OR 0.75 [95% CI: 0.56‐1.00]; D3: OR 0.67 [95% CI: 0.51‐0.89]). Conclusion: In this analysis, IND/GLY reduced the risk of a CID in moderate COPD patients after direct switch from LABA + ICS or LABA or LAMA in real‐life clinical practice.
 Improvement in trough fev1 with indacaterol/glycopyrrolate in patients with moderate-to-severe COPD: a pooled subgroup analysis of the FLIGHT1 and FLIGHT2 studies;  Introduction: Indacaterol/glycopyrrolate is a twice‐daily fixed‐dose combination of a LABA, indacaterol 27.5 μg and a LAMA, glycopyrrolate 15.6 μg approved in the US for long‐term maintenance treatment of airflow obstruction in patients with COPD. The FLIGHT1 and FLIGHT2 studies evaluated the efficacy and safety of indacaterol/glycopyrrolate 27.5/15.6 μg twice daily versus its monocomponents and placebo. Here, we report results from a pooled analysis of the FLIGHT1 and FLIGHT2 studies in terms of improvement in trough forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) with indacaterol/glycopyrrolate versus placebo in different patient subgroups. Methods: The FLIGHT1 and FLIGHT2 were replicate, multicenter, randomized, double‐blind, parallel‐group, placebo‐ and active‐controlled studies that randomized patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD to receive either indacaterol/glycopyrrolate 27.5/15.6 μg, indacaterol 27.5 μg, glycopyrrolate 15.6 μg or placebo (all delivered twice daily via the Neohaler® device) for 12 weeks. The improvement in trough FEV 1 during 12 weeks was analyzed in different subgroups based on age, gender, race, smoking status, inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) use at baseline, COPD exacerbations history, GOLD combined assessment, severity of airflow obstruction, and prior COPD medication use. Results: Overall, 2038 patients were included in this pooled analysis (indacaterol/glycopyrrolate, n=508; indacaterol, n=511; glycopyrrolate, n=511; placebo, n=508). The results for improvement in trough FEV1 at Week 12 in the individual subgroups were consistent with those observed in the overall pooled population of the FLIGHT1 and FLIGHT2 studies. All comparisons favored indacaterol/glycopyrrolate over placebo with respect to trough FEV1 and the differences were statistically significant (P < 0.001) in all subgroups (Figure 1). However, due to the very small numbers of non‐Caucasian patients in the studies, differences by non‐Caucasian race (Black, other) could not be meaningfully assessed. Conclusion: Indacaterol/glycopyrrolate significantly improved trough FEV1 versus placebo in most subgroups of the FLIGHT1 and FLIGHT2 studies. These results support the efficacy of indacaterol/glycopyrrolate in the treatment of patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD. (Table Presented).
 Risk of moderate or severe exacerbation events among patients treated with nebulized sun-101 and tiotropium in the golden-5 study: analyses by baseline COPD severity;  PURPOSE: To evaluate the risk of moderate to severe COPD exacerbations among a subgroup of patients classified by COPD severity receiving nebulized SUN‐101/e‐Flow® CS and tiotropium in the GOLDEN‐5 study. METHODS: GOLDEN‐5 was a 48‐week, randomized, open‐label, parallel group safety study of nebulized SUN‐101 50 mcg administered twice daily using the e‐Flow® CS device compared with tiotropium 18 mcg once daily delivered via HandiHaler®. COPD‐related exacerbations were an exploratory endpoint in the trial. Moderate and severe exacerbations were defined as an event requiring treatment with antibiotics and/or systemic corticosteroids and requiring an emergency room visit or hospitalization, respectively. Baseline severity was defined based on Global Initiative for Chronic Obstructive Lung Disease (GOLD) cutoffs for forced expiratory volume in one second % predicted values: 50%‐79% (GOLD‐2); 30%‐49% (GOLD‐3); and <30% (GOLD‐4). Events per person‐year (PY) in each treatment group and event rate ratios (RR) were evaluated using Poisson models for all patients and subgroups. A subanalysis of exacerbations among patients on background long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA)/inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) therapy was also conducted. Any exacerbation occurring within 30 days of the prior exacerbation was considered a continuation of the previous event. RESULTS: The SUN‐101 50 mcg group had 146 moderate to severe exacerbation events per 470 PY and tiotropium had 129 events per 395 PY in the intent‐to‐treat population (RR for SUN‐101 vs tiotropium, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 0.91, 0.72‐ 1.15). Exacerbation rates were numerically lower for SUN‐101 (56 events/183 PY) versus tiotropium (59/148 PY) among all GOLD‐3 patients (RR, 95% CI = 0.72, 0.50‐1.04) and also GOLD‐3 patients on background LABA/ICS (RR, 95% CI = 0.76, 0.48‐ 1.21). However, exacerbation rates were the same between SUN‐101 (76 events/259 PY) and tiotropium (66/224 PY) among all GOLD‐2 patients (RR, 95% CI = 0.97, 0.69‐1.35) and GOLD‐2 patients on background LABA/ICS. Results were indiscernible among GOLD‐4 patients (potentially due to low sample size, [N = 51 PY]). CONCLUSIONS: In this open‐label study, SUN‐101 patients had a similar risk of moderate to severe exacerbation events, overall, and a trend towards lower exacerbation risk in the GOLD‐3 COPD sub‐group as compared with patients on tiotropium. These analyses complement earlier findings on exacerbations from the GOLDEN‐5 study.
 Treatment With Ensifentrine, a Dual PDE3 and PDE4 Inhibitor, Significantly Reduced Exacerbation Rate and Risk in Subjects With COPD: sub-group Results From the Phase 3 Trial, Enhance-2;  Background: Ensifentrine is a first‐in‐class, inhaled dual inhibitor of phosphodiesterase (PDE)3 and PDE4 with demonstrated bronchodilation and anti‐inflammatory effects in trials of up to 4 weeks. This abstract reports on the effect of ensifentrine on exacerbation rate and time to first exacerbation in sub‐groups of subjects with COPD and includes overall assessment of ensifentrine on inflammatory biomarkers. Methods: ENHANCE‐2 was a multi‐center, randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, parallel‐group trial in subjects with moderate to severe COPD (30‐70% predicted normal FEV1, aged 40‐80 years, and symptomatic with mMRC≥2). Subjects were randomized 5:3 to receive twice‐daily, nebulized ensifentrine‐3mg or placebo for 24 weeks. Randomization was stratified by smoking status and use of background COPD medication (stable use permitted in approximately 50% of subjects). Exacerbations were continuously recorded over study participation and were defined as requiring at least 2 major symptoms or one major and one minor for at least 2 consecutive days, requiring either treatment with at least 3 days oral/systemic corticosteroids or antibiotics (moderate exacerbation) or resulting in hospitalization (severe exacerbation). The effect of ensifentrine on the rate of (rate ratio [RR]) and time to first (hazard ratio [HR]) moderate or severe COPD exacerbation over 24 weeks was analyzed in the following subgroups: gender, age class, background medication strata, smoking strata, inhaled corticosteroid use, chronic bronchitis, COPD severity, baseline eosinophil levels and FEV1 reversibility to albuterol (≥12% and ≥200 mL). The change from baseline in blood biomarkers interleukin (IL)‐6, IL‐8 and C‐Reactive Protein (CRP) were evaluated at Weeks 12 and 24 to assess the effect of ensifentrine on circulating inflammatory biomarkers known to be associated with inflammation in COPD. Results: 789 subjects randomized and treated (ensifentrine n=498, placebo n=291). 52% of subjects on background maintenance LABA or LAMA therapy, including 15% with concomitant ICS. As previously reported, primary endpoint was met and ensifentrine significantly reduced rate of/time to first moderate/severe exacerbations over 24 weeks (RR=0.58; 95%CI: 0.39, 0.88, p=0.011; HR=0.58; 95%CI: 0.38, 0.87, p=0.009) vs placebo. All ensifentrine‐treated subgroups showed nominal reductions in exacerbation rate and time to first exacerbation vs placebo. Ensifentrine treatment was associated with a reduction in inflammatory biomarkers IL‐6, IL‐8 and CRP compared to placebo. Conclusions: Treatment with ensifentrine over 24 weeks resulted in significantly reduced rates of exacerbations as well as delaying the time to first exacerbation overall and across multiple sub‐groups. The reduction in exacerbations was associated with a numerical reduction in circulating inflammatory biomarkers.
 Extrafine inhaled triple therapy versus dual bronchodilator therapy in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (TRIBUTE): a double-blind, parallel group, randomised controlled trial;  BACKGROUND: Evidence is scarce on the relative risk‐benefit of inhaled triple therapy, consisting of inhaled corticosteroid, long‐acting muscarinic antagonist, and long‐acting β2‐agonist, versus dual bronchodilation for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). We aimed to compare a single‐inhaler triple combination of beclometasone dipropionate, formoterol fumarate, and glycopyrronium (BDP/FF/G) versus a single‐inhaler dual bronchodilator combination of indacaterol plus glycopyrronium (IND/GLY) in terms of the rate of moderate‐to‐severe COPD exacerbations over 52 weeks of treatment. METHODS: This randomised, parallel‐group, double‐blind, double‐dummy study was done at 187 sites across 17 countries. Eligible patients had symptomatic COPD, severe or very severe airflow limitation, at least one moderate or severe exacerbation in the previous year, and were receiving inhaled maintenance medication. After a 2 week run‐in period with one inhalation per day of IND/GLY (85 μg/43 μg), patients were randomly assigned (1:1), via an interactive response technology system, to receive 52 weeks of treatment with two inhalations of extrafine BDP/FF/G (87 μg/5 μg/9 μg) twice per day or one inhalation of IND/GLY (85 μg/43 μg) per day. Randomisation was stratified by country and severity of airflow limitation. The primary endpoint was the rate of moderate‐to‐severe COPD exacerbations across 52 weeks of treatment in all randomised patients who received at least one dose of study drug and had at least one post‐baseline efficacy assessment. Safety was assessed in all patients who received at least one dose of study drug. This study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT02579850. FINDINGS: Between May, 29 2015, and July 10, 2017, 1532 patients received BDP/FF/G (n=764) or IND/GLY (n=768). Moderate‐to‐severe exacerbation rates were 0·50 per patient per year (95% CI 0·45‐0·57) for BDP/FF/G and 0·59 per patient per year (0·53‐0·67) for IND/GLY, giving a rate ratio of 0·848 (0·723‐0·995, p=0·043) in favour of BDP/FF/G. Adverse events were reported by 490 (64%) of 764 patients receiving BDP/FF/G and 516 (67%) of 768 patients receiving IND/GLY. Pneumonia occurred in 28 (4%) patients receiving BDP/FF/G versus 27 (4%) patients receiving IND/GLY. One treatment‐related serious adverse event occurred in each group: dysuria in a patient receiving BDP/FF/G and atrial fibrillation in a patient receiving IND/GLY. INTERPRETATION: In patients with symptomatic COPD, severe or very severe airflow limitation, and an exacerbation history despite maintenance therapy, extrafine BDP/FF/G significantly reduced the rate of moderate‐to‐severe exacerbations compared with IND/GLY, without increasing the risk of pneumonia. FUNDING: Chiesi Farmaceutici.
 Efficacy of umeclidinium/vilanterol versus umeclidinium and salmeterol monotherapies in symptomatic patients with COPD not receiving inhaled corticosteroids: the EMAX randomised trial;  BACKGROUND: Prospective evidence is lacking regarding incremental benefits of long‐acting dual‐ versus mono‐bronchodilation in improving symptoms and preventing short‐term disease worsening/treatment failure in low exacerbation risk patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) not receiving inhaled corticosteroids. METHODS: The 24‐week, double‐blind, double‐dummy, parallel‐group Early MAXimisation of bronchodilation for improving COPD stability (EMAX) trial randomised patients at low exacerbation risk not receiving inhaled corticosteroids, to umeclidinium/vilanterol 62.5/25 μg once‐daily, umeclidinium 62.5 μg once‐daily or salmeterol 50 μg twice‐daily. The primary endpoint was trough forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1) at Week 24. The study was also powered for the secondary endpoint of Transition Dyspnoea Index at Week 24. Other efficacy assessments included spirometry, symptoms, heath status and short‐term disease worsening measured by the composite endpoint of clinically important deterioration using three definitions. RESULTS: Change from baseline in trough FEV1 at Week 24 was 66 mL (95% confidence interval [CI]: 43, 89) and 141 mL (95% CI: 118, 164) greater with umeclidinium/vilanterol versus umeclidinium and salmeterol, respectively (both p < 0.001). Umeclidinium/vilanterol demonstrated consistent improvements in Transition Dyspnoea Index versus both monotherapies at Week 24 (vs umeclidinium: 0.37 [95% CI: 0.06, 0.68], p = 0.018; vs salmeterol: 0.45 [95% CI: 0.15, 0.76], p = 0.004) and all other symptom measures at all time points. Regardless of the clinically important deterioration definition considered, umeclidinium/vilanterol significantly reduced the risk of a first clinically important deterioration compared with umeclidinium (by 16‐25% [p < 0.01]) and salmeterol (by 26‐41% [p < 0.001]). Safety profiles were similar between treatments. CONCLUSIONS: Umeclidinium/vilanterol consistently provides early and sustained improvements in lung function and symptoms and reduces the risk of deterioration/treatment failure versus umeclidinium or salmeterol in symptomatic patients with low exacerbation risk not receiving inhaled corticosteroids. These findings suggest a potential for early use of dual bronchodilators to help optimise therapy in this patient group.
 A clinical study to evaluate the efficacy of a drug (CHF 5993) comparing the results obtained with two different pharmaceutical forms and the effects produced by another drug (CHF 1535), in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: CHF 5993 DPI NEXThaler® Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder INN or Proposed INN: BECLOMETASONE DIPROPIONATE CAS Number: 5534‐09‐8 Current Sponsor code: CHF 718 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 100‐ INN or Proposed INN: FORMOTEROL FUMARATE DIHYDRATE CAS Number: 43229‐80‐7 Current Sponsor code: CHF 1531.02 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 6‐ INN or Proposed INN: GLYCOPYRRONIUM BROMIDE CAS Number: 596‐51‐0 Current Sponsor code: CHF 5259.02 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 12.5‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Trade Name: Trimbow® Product Name: Trimbow® Product Code: CHF 5993 pMDI Pharmaceutical Form: Pressurised inhalation, solution INN or Proposed INN: BECLOMETASONE DIPROPIONATE CAS Number: 5534‐09‐8 Current Sponsor code: CHF 718 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 100‐ INN or Proposed INN: FORMOTEROL FUMARATE DIHYDRATE CAS Number: 43229‐80‐7 Current Sponsor code: CHF 1531.02 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 6‐ INN or Proposed INN: GLYCOPYRRONIUM BROMIDE CAS Number: 596‐51‐0 Current Sponsor code: CHF 5259.02 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 12.5‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Pressurised inhalation, solution Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Trade Name: FOSTAIR® Product Name: CHF 1535 pMDI Pharmaceutical Form: Pressurised inhalation, solution INN or Proposed INN: BECLOMETASONE DIPROPIONATE CAS Number: 5534‐09‐8 Current Sponsor code: CHF 718 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 100‐ INN or Proposed INN: FORMOTEROL FUMARATE DIHYDRATE CAS Number: 43229‐80‐7 Current Sponsor code: CHF 1531.02 Concentration u CONDITION: chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) ; MedDRA version: 20.0 Level: LLT Classification code 10010952 Term: COPD System Organ Class: 100000004855 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: •To demonstrate the non‐inferiority between CHF 5993 DPI and CHF 5993 pMDI in terms of FEV1 AUC0‐12h normalized by time, in COPD patients.; •To demonstrate the non‐inferiority between CHF 5993 DPI and CHF 5993 pMDI in terms of trough FEV1 at 24h on dosing Day 28 in COPD patients.; Primary end point(s): 1) FEV1 AUC0‐12h normalized by time; 2) Trough FEV1 at 24h Secondary Objective: •To evaluate the efficacy of CHF 5993 DPI on other lung function parameters and clinical outcome measures.; •To evaluate the safety and tolerability of the study treatments.; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 1) On Day 1 and Day 28 of each treatment period; 2) On Day 28 of each treatment period SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): 1) other lung function parameters and clinical outcome measures.; 2) safety and tolerability of the study treatments.; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: across the trial INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1.Age & Informed consent: Male and female adults (40 = age = 85 years) with written informed consent obtained prior to any study‐related procedure. 2.COPD Diagnosis: Established diagnosis of COPD (according to GOLD document updated 2017) at least 12 months prior to screening. 3.A Post‐bronchodilator FEV1 =30% and <80% of the predicted normal value and FEV1/FVC < 0.7. Post‐bronchodilator test will be measured 10‐15 min after the administration of 400µg salbutamol (4 puffs x100µg). 4.A smoking history of at least 10 pack years [pack‐years = (number of cigarettes per day x number of years)/20]. Current and ex‐smokers are eligible. 5.Previous medication: Patients’ COPD therapy at screening with either: ‐Inhaled corticosteroids/long‐acting ß2‐agonist/long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (free or fixed) combination ‐Inhaled corticosteroids/long‐acting ß2‐agonist (free or fixed) combination ‐Inhaled long‐acting ß2‐agonist/long‐acting muscarinic
 A clinical study to evaluate the efficacy of a drug (CHF 5993) comparing the results obtained with two different pharmaceutical forms and the effects produced by another drug (CHF 1535), in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: CHF 5993 DPI NEXThaler® Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder INN or Proposed INN: BECLOMETASONE DIPROPIONATE CAS Number: 5534‐09‐8 Current Sponsor code: CHF 718 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 100‐ INN or Proposed INN: FORMOTEROL FUMARATE DIHYDRATE CAS Number: 43229‐80‐7 Current Sponsor code: CHF 1531.02 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 6‐ INN or Proposed INN: GLYCOPYRRONIUM BROMIDE CAS Number: 596‐51‐0 Current Sponsor code: CHF 5259.02 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 12.5‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Trade Name: Trimbow® Product Name: Trimbow® Product Code: CHF 5993 pMDI Pharmaceutical Form: Pressurised inhalation, solution INN or Proposed INN: BECLOMETASONE DIPROPIONATE CAS Number: 5534‐09‐8 Current Sponsor code: CHF 718 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 100‐ INN or Proposed INN: FORMOTEROL FUMARATE DIHYDRATE CAS Number: 43229‐80‐7 Current Sponsor code: CHF 1531.02 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 6‐ INN or Proposed INN: GLYCOPYRRONIUM BROMIDE CAS Number: 596‐51‐0 Current Sponsor code: CHF 5259.02 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 12.5‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Pressurised inhalation, solution Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Trade Name: FOSTAIR® Product Name: CHF 1535 pMDI Pharmaceutical Form: Pressurised inhalation, solution INN or Proposed INN: BECLOMETASONE DIPROPIONATE CAS Number: 5534‐09‐8 Current Sponsor code: CHF 718 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 100‐ INN or Proposed INN: FORMOTEROL FUMARATE DIHYDRATE CAS Number: 43229‐80‐7 Current Sponsor code: CHF 1531.02 Concentration u CONDITION: chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) ; MedDRA version: 20.0 Level: LLT Classification code 10010952 Term: COPD System Organ Class: 100000004855 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: •To demonstrate the non‐inferiority between CHF 5993 DPI and CHF 5993 pMDI in terms of FEV1 AUC0‐12h normalized by time, in COPD patients.; •To demonstrate the non‐inferiority between CHF 5993 DPI and CHF 5993 pMDI in terms of trough FEV1 at 24h on dosing Day 28 in COPD patients.; Primary end point(s): 1) FEV1 AUC0‐12h normalized by time; 2) Trough FEV1 at 24h Secondary Objective: •To evaluate the efficacy of CHF 5993 DPI on other lung function parameters and clinical outcome measures.; •To evaluate the safety and tolerability of the study treatments.; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 1) On Day 1 and Day 28 of each treatment period; 2) On Day 28 of each treatment period SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): 1) other lung function parameters and clinical outcome measures. ; 2) safety and tolerability of the study treatments. ; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: across the trial INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1.Age & Informed consent: Male and female adults (40 = age = 85 years) with written informed consent obtained prior to any study‐related procedure. 2.COPD Diagnosis: Established diagnosis of COPD (according to GOLD document updated 2017) at least 12 months prior to screening. 3.A Post‐bronchodilator FEV1 =30% and <80% of the predicted normal value and FEV1/FVC < 0.7. Post‐bronchodilator test will be measured 10‐15 min after the administration of 400µg salbutamol (4 puffs x100µg). 4.A smoking history of at least 10 pack years [pack‐years = (number of cigarettes per day x number of years)/20]. Current and ex‐smokers are eligible. 5.Previous medication: Patients’ COPD therapy at screening with either: ‐Inhaled corticosteroids/long‐acting ß2‐agonist/long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (free or fixed) combination ‐Inhaled corticosteroids/long‐acting ß2‐agonist (free or fixed) combination ‐Inhaled long‐acting ß2‐agonist/long‐acting mus
 Investigating whether two different COPD inhalers have different effects on chest infections;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Spiolto Respimat Product Name: Spiolto Respimat Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation solution INN or Proposed INN: Tiotropium bromide CAS Number: 186691‐13‐4 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 2.5‐ INN or Proposed INN: Olodaterol CAS Number: 868049‐49‐4 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 2.5‐ Trade Name: Relvar Ellipta Product Name: Relvar Ellipta Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder INN or Proposed INN: Fluticasone furoate CAS Number: 397864‐44‐7 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 92‐ INN or Proposed INN: Vilanterol CAS Number: 503068‐34‐6 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 22‐ CONDITION: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ; MedDRA version: 20.0 Level: LLT Classification code 10010952 Term: COPD System Organ Class: 100000015472 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To determine the effects of the Tiotropium and olodaterol combination (Spiolto respimat 2.5/2.5ug) 2 puffs once daily vs Relvar Ellipta (fluticasone furoate 92 micrograms, vilaterol 22 micrograms) 1 puff once daily on airway bacterial load (the numbers of bacteria found) from induced sputum; ; Primary end point(s): Bacterial load of total respiratory pathogens determined by quantitative polymerase chain reaction. Continuous variable at 0, 1, 2, 3 and 6 months Secondary Objective: To determine the effects of the Tiotropium and olodaterol combination (Spiolto respimat 2.52.5ug) 2 puffs once daily vs Relvar Ellipta (fluticasone furoate 92 micrograms, vilaterol 22 micrograms) 1 puff once daily on the airway microbiota (a technology that is very sensitive to detect bacteria). Microbiota will be characterised in sputum, oropharyngeal swabs and nasopharyngeal swabs; ; To determine the effects of the Tiotropium and olodaterol combination (Spiolto respimat 2.52.5ug) 2 puffs once daily vs Relvar Ellipta (fluticasone furoate 92 micrograms, vilaterol 22 micrograms) 1 puff once daily on lung inflammation caused by neutrophils using several different sputum tests; ; To evaluate the safety and tolerability of Tiotropium and olodaterol combination (Spiolto respimat 2.52.5ug) 2 puffs once daily vs Relvar Ellipta (fluticasone furoate 92 micrograms, vilaterol 22 micrograms) 1 puff once daily in patients previously treated with inhaled corticosteroids; ; To evaluate patient reported out Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Continuous variable at 0, 1, 2, 3 and 6 months SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): 1) Bacterial community composition determined by 16S microbiome sequencing as measured by the Shannon Diversity index. Additional outcome will be relative abundance of Haemophilus OTUs at genus level or relative abundance of proteobacteria at phylum level. Proportion of patients with dysbiosis as defined by >40% relative OTU’s of a single organism. ; ; 2) Sputum neutrophil elastase activity determined using an activity based immunoassay; ; 3) Sputum neutrophil extracellular traps determined using a validated ELISA; ; 4) Sputum cytokines (CXCL‐8, IL17, IL‐1beta, resistin, IL13); ; 5) Ex‐vivo phagocytosis of Haemophilus tested by incubating sputum cells with FITC‐labelled H. influenzae*; ; 6) Frequency of adverse events and serious adverse events between groups ; ; 7) Quality of life using St. George’s Respiratory Questionnaire(SGRQ, COPD assessment test (CAT), MRC dyspnoea score and transitional dyspnoea index; ; 8) Comparison of time to first exacerbation of COPD, Number of exacerbations; Changes in FEV1 measurement ; ; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Continuous variables will be evaluated using regression analysis incorporating data from all available time points (0 to 6 months) while events at fixed time points e.g tiem to first exacerbation or frequency of exacerbations over 6 months will be evaluated at the end of the follow‐up period (6 months) INCLUSION CRITERIA: • Male and female patients aged > 40 years • Current or ex smokers having at least a 10 pack year smoking history • A clinical diagnosis of COPD made by a physician • Post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC ratio at screening of <70% • Moderate to Very Severe COPD (GOLD II‐IV) according to consensus guidelines consisting of a post‐bronchodilator FEV1 <80% predicted at screening. • Currently treated with inhaled corticosteroids (with or without long acting bronchodilators) for at least 12 months prior to screening. • Able to perform all study procedures including spirometry and questionnaires with minimal assistance • Blood eosinophil count less than 300 eosinophil cells per microlitre on bloods taken at screening. • Able to produce a sputum sample at the baseline visit (nebulised sputum induction is acceptable) Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: 0 F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Numbe
 Severity of airflow obstruction and multicomponent disease staging of COPD in the real-world primary care in Greece: the AEOLUS study;  Introduction: COPD is a complex disease requiring multifaceted management. No data are available on the combined assessment of COPD severity in Greece. Aim: To assess the airflow obstruction severity and its impact on patient‐centered outcomes in Greek COPD patients. Methods: Multicentre, observational study in COPD patients of any severity and treatment. Data were collected from July to November 2014 from medical records and patient interviews in a single visit by pulmonologists, in hospital and private practices. Anthropometric, spirometric and patient reported outcomes were collected. Results: Of 604 enrolled patients, 600 were analysed (men 79.3%; mean age 70.1±9.8 years, mean BMI 27.2±4.4 kg/m2). Most patients had moderate or severe airflow obstruction (48.7% GOLD 2, 33.8% GOLD 3) and symptoms (mean mMRC 1.8±1.1, mean CCQ 2.1±1.1, mean BODEx 2.4±1.8). No exacerbations in the previous year were reported by 27% of patients. Of those reporting exacerbations, 38.3% reported one, 22.2% two and 12.5% three or more. Exacerbations were treated with corticosteroids (81.0% inhaled, 40.6% systemic) and antibiotics (89.8%). As per combined GOLD assessment, 23.3% of patients were Group A, 14.3% Group B, 18.8% Group C and 43.5% Group D. Almost all patients received treatment, mainly combinations (LABA+LAMA+ICS, 24.6%; LABA+LAMA, 17.2%). Patients reported healthcare resources use; 57.7% for COPD, 44.7% for comorbidities. Conclusion: The burden of COPD in Greece appears significant. Most diagnosed COPD patients suffer from moderate to severe airflow obstruction. These outcomes may help optimise patient identification, phenotyping and treatment personalisation.
 Safety of tiotropium/olodaterol in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: pooled analysis of three large, 52-week, randomized clinical trials;  RATIONALE The safety profile of tiotropium in COPD has been well‐characterized in numerous large clinical trials.1 Combining tiotropium with olodaterol in a single inhaler improved lung function and health status more than tiotropium alone in previous Phase III studies, without additional safety concerns.2 In this analysis, we have pooled the pivotal Phase III trials and a recently completed Phase IIIb trial to examine the safety of tiotropium/olodaterol compared with tiotropium in almost 10,000 patients to increase our ability to detect infrequent complications. METHODS TONADO 1 and 2 were two replicate, double‐blind, Phase III, 52‐week studies in which patients with moderate‐to‐very‐severe COPD were randomized to receive once‐daily tiotropium/olodaterol, tiotropium, or olodaterol (NCT01431274/NCT01431287).2 DYNAGITO was a double‐blind, active‐controlled, parallel‐group, 52‐week, Phase IIIb trial in which patients with COPD were randomized to receive once‐daily tiotropium/olodaterol 5/5 μg or tiotropium 5 μg (NCT02296138). In both trials, patients continued with inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) if they were taking them at baseline. For this safety analysis, patients receiving tiotropium/olodaterol 5/5 μg or tiotropium 5 μg from both trials were included, and adverse event (AE) data were analyzed. RESULTS Overall, 9,942 patients were included in the analysis; 71.6% were male, mean age was 66 years, mean post‐bronchodilator forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) was 1.222 L (45.6% predicted). At baseline, 65.4% of patients were receiving ICS (TONADO: 47.1%; DYNAGITO: 70.2%) and 59.7% were taking cardiovascular medication. The proportion of patients with an AE was similar with tiotropium/olodaterol (74.1%) and tiotropium (74.3%; exposure‐adjusted rate ratio [RR] 0.96; 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.92‐1.01), and marginally fewer patients reported serious AEs with tiotropium/olodaterol (19.7%) than with tiotropium (20.8%; RR 0.91; 95% CI 0.84‐1.00) (Table). A significantly higher proportion of patients had AEs leading to discontinuation with tiotropium (7.9%) compared with tiotropium/olodaterol (5.9%; RR 0.72; 95% CI 0.62‐0.84). There was no difference between treatment groups in the proportion of patients with major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE) or fatal MACE in the whole population. In patients with cardiac history, fewer patients had a MACE with tiotropium/olodaterol than tiotropium (RR 0.64; 95% CI 0.44‐0.93) (Table). CONCLUSIONS The combination of tiotropium with olodaterol does not increase the risk of AEs compared with tiotropium alone, and may be associated with a lower risk of certain events.
 Impact of prior and concurrent medication on exacerbation risk with long-acting bronchodilators in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a post hoc analysis;  Rationale: The risk of a first moderate or severe exacerbation is reduced by a variety of maintenance bronchodilators in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). We postulated that the impact of different bronchodilator types (long‐acting muscarinic antagonist [LAMA], long‐acting β2‐agonist [LABA] and their combination [LAMA/LABA]) compared with placebo [PBO] would vary according to prior COPD medication. Methods: Pooled post hoc intention‐to‐treat (ITT) analysis of two large 6‐month placebo‐controlled trials (NCT01313637 [n=1489], NCT01313650 [n=1532]) including all bronchodilator types. Symptomatic patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD with/without an exacerbation history in the prior year were randomized (2:3:3:3) in both studies to once‐daily: PBO, LAMA/LABA (umeclidinium/vilanterol [UMEC/VI] 62.5/25 [NCT01313650] or 125/25 mcg [NCT01313637]), LAMA monotherapy (UMEC 62.5 [NCT01313650] or 125 mcg [NCT01313637]) or LABA monotherapy (VI 25 mcg) via the ELLIPTA inhaler. Medication subgroups were segmented by treatment status at screening as follows: a) maintenance‐naïve or on maintenance, b) inhaled corticosteroid [ICS]‐free or ICStreated, c) low or high albuterol rescue use based on median run‐in use (<3.6 or ≥3.6 puffs/day). The risk of a first moderate/severe exacerbation was explored for all bronchodilator types versus PBO, generating hazard ratios and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) in the integrated ITT population for each medication subgroup using a Cox proportional hazards model, stratified by study with covariates of treatment, smoking status and center group. Results: In the integrated ITT population, 259/3021 (9%) patients experienced ≥1 on‐treatment moderate/severe exacerbation. UMEC/VI, UMEC, and VI reduced the risk of a first exacerbation versus PBO by 58%, 44%, and 39%, respectively (all p≤0.003; Table). Each bronchodilator type provided a similar, significant risk reduction versus PBO in patients with prior maintenance, concurrent ICS and high rescue use at baseline. UMEC/VI also reduced the risk of a first exacerbation versus PBO in maintenance‐naïve, ICS‐free and low rescue use patients, but VI monotherapy had no significant benefit in any of these subgroups, while UMEC monotherapy had no significant benefit in the maintenance‐naïve and ICS‐free subgroups. The lowest risk reduction versus PBO with monotherapy was observed with VI in maintenance‐naïve and ICS‐free patients (Table). Conclusion: This post hoc analysis suggests that the risk of moderate/severe exacerbations is reduced more effectively with UMEC/VI versus PBO than monotherapies in patients with no existing maintenance and lower use of rescue therapy at baseline. These findings may support the need to optimize bronchodilator therapy early in low‐risk symptomatic patients. (Table Presented) .
 Effects of glycopyrronium bromide (GB) delivered via a pressurized metered-dose inhaler (PMDI) in subjects with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) on cardiovascular parameters: results from the glimmer study;  Rationale: As part of the US development of the single‐inhaler triple therapy BDP/FF/GB {extrafine beclomethasone dipropionate (BDP), formoterol fumarate (FF), glycopyrronium bromide (GB)}, dose‐confirmation of each individual component is required. The GLIMMER study characterized the dose‐response of GB, the long‐acting muscarinic receptor antagonist component of BDP/FF/GB in subjects with COPD. Methods: This was a phase II, multicenter, randomized, double‐blind, placebo and active‐controlled, parallel group, dose‐ranging study. Subjects with symptomatic COPD, a post‐bronchodilator FEV1 ≥ 40% and <80% of predicted normal value, a FEV1/FVC ratio < 0.7 and reversibility (Δ FEV1 ≥ 5%) to inhaled ipratropium bromide 84 μg entered a 2‐week run‐in period, where all long‐acting bronchodilators were discontinued and replaced with albuterol as needed. Subjects on prior low‐medium dose inhaled corticosteroid were switched to a therapeutically equivalent dose of QVAR® (BDP) pMDI. At the end of the run‐in period, eligible subjects were randomized to receive 6 weeks of twice‐daily GB pMDI 12.5, 25, 50 or 100 μg/day, placebo pMDI, or open‐label once‐daily tiotropium bromide inhalation powder (TIO) 18 μg/day. Cardiovascular safety parameters were assessed using systolic and diastolic blood pressure (SBP, DBP), treatment‐emergent cardiac adverse events, and centralized 24‐hour digital Holter ECG recordings at baseline (before the first dose; Day ‐1), after the 1st dose (Day 1) and before the last dose (Week 6). Time‐matched changes from baseline in heart rate (HR) and QT interval corrected for HR using Fredericia's formula (QTcF) were analyzed using linear mixed models for repeated measurements. Results: 732 subjects (50.1% females; 50.4% current smokers), with an overall mean (range) age of 64.7 (41 ‐ 90) years were randomized and treated. No clinically significant changes in SBP or DBP and no dose‐dependent trend in treatment‐emergent cardiac adverse events were observed. Adjusted 24‐hour mean change from baseline in HR were ‐3.0, ‐3.0, ‐3.2, ‐2.6, ‐2.1, and ‐2.6 bpm at Day 1 and 0, 0.2, ‐0.9, ‐0.4, 1.1, and 0.8 bpm at Week 6 for GB 12.5, 25, 50, 100 μg/d, placebo and TIO, respectively. Changes in the QTcF are shown in Table. Conclusions: No dose‐dependent changes in cardiaovascular safety parameters were seen with doses of GB pMDI from 12.5 up to 100 μg/d. These findings coupled with the efficacy results reported separately support the selection of the GB 50 μg total daily dose in the BDP/FF/GB single‐inhaler triple therapy program. (Table Presented).
 Efficacy of tiotropium/olodaterol compared with tiotropium in patients naïve to lama, LABA and ICS: pooled analysis of four clinical trials;  RATIONALE The efficacy of tiotropium/olodaterol (T/O) compared with tiotropium (Tio) has been demonstrated in a large Phase III clinical program. In this subgroup analysis, we investigated the magnitude of the treatment effect in patients who were not receiving maintenance treatment with long‐acting muscarinic antagonists (LAMAs), long‐acting β2‐agonists (LABAs) or inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) at study entry. METHODS TONADO 1 and 2 (NCT01431274, NCT01431287) and OTEMTO 1 and 2 (NCT01964352, NCT02006732) were randomized, double‐blind, parallel‐group, Phase III trials in patients with COPD. TONADO 1 and 2 were 52‐ week studies including patients with post‐bronchodilator FEV1 <80% predicted, whereas OTEMTO 1 and 2 were 12‐week studies including patients with post‐bronchodilator FEV1 ≥30% and <80% predicted. In this post hoc analysis, we examined the treatment differences between T/O 5/5μg and Tio 5μg in trough FEV1 response, St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) total score change from baseline and Transition Dyspnea Index (TDI) score at 12 weeks in patients who were not receiving LAMA, LABA or ICS, as monotherapy or combination therapy, at baseline in all four studies. RESULTS The four trials included 1,078 patients in the T/O and Tio arms who were not receiving LAMA, LABA or ICS at trial enrollment. The pooled analysis of TONADO and OTEMTO shows a significantly greater increase in trough FEV1 from baseline with T/O compared with Tio at Week 12 (0.056 L; 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.033 to 0.079; P<0.0001) (Table). There were also significant improvements with T/O versus Tio in SGRQ total score (‐1.780; 95% CI ‐3.126 to ‐0.434; P=0.0096) and in TDI score (0.409; 95% CI 0.077 to 0.741; P=0.0158) at Week 12. In the pooled analysis, there was a greater chance of being an SGRQ responder (≥4‐unit improvement) with T/O treatment (59.6% of patients) than Tio (49.1% of patients; odds ratio 1.5230; 95% CI 1.1844 to 1.9584; P=0.0010), and of being a TDI responder (≥1‐unit improvement) with T/O (64.5% of patients) than with Tio (55.7% of patients; odds ratio 1.4758; 95% CI 1.1392 to 1.9118; P=0.0032). CONCLUSIONS Overall, there were greater improvements in lung function, health status and breathlessness with T/O compared with Tio in patients who were not receiving LAMA, LABA or ICS at baseline. This suggests that dual bronchodilation with T/O may be an effective first‐line option for treatment‐naïve symptomatic patients with COPD. (Table Presented) .
 Tiotropium respimat® in asthma: evaluation of dosing regimens by comparing once-daily 5 μg with twice-daily 2.5 μg;  Rationale: Despite treatment with available therapies, ≥40% of asthmatic patients remain symptomatic. The long‐acting anticholinergic bronchodilator tiotropium has shown efficacy and safety as add‐on therapy to inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) ± long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA) in clinical studies of patients with symptomatic asthma. To establish the optimum dosing regimen of tiotropium, this study investigated the bronchodilator efficacy over 24 hours of once‐daily (QD) 5 μg dosing compared with twice‐daily (BID) 2.5 μg dosing. Methods: This was a double‐blind, crossover, Phase II study. Patients received tiotropium 5 μg delivered via Respimat® (QD evening, plus placebo QD morning), 2.5 μg (BID morning and evening), and placebo (BID), each as add‐on to medium‐dose ICS, each for 4 weeks, in a randomized sequence, without washout between treatment periods. Main inclusion criteria: age 18‐75 years; non‐smokers or ex‐smokers (<10 pack‐years); ≥3‐month asthma history at enrollment, initial diagnosis <40 years old; seven‐question Asthma Control Questionnaire mean score ≥1.5; maintenance treatment with medium‐dose ICS alone or in combination with LABA or short‐acting β2‐agonist for ≥4 weeks; pre‐bronchodilator forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) ≥60% and ≤90% of predicted normal; FEV1 reversibility ≥12% and ≥200 mL; ±30% variability of absolute FEV1 values from screening to randomization. Main exclusion criterion: diagnosis of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease or significant lung disease other than asthma. Primary efficacy endpoint: FEV1 area under the curve (AUC) (0‐24h) at end of each 4‐week treatment period. Secondary endpoints included peak FEV1(0‐24h), trough FEV1, pre‐dose peak expiratory flow (PEF)AM, and pre‐dose PEFPM at end of each 4‐week treatment period. Results: Of 94 randomized and treated patients (median age 44 years, range 18‐72; median asthma duration 20 years, range 2.5‐67.0), 89 (95%) completed the study. Tiotropium 5 μg QD and 2.5 μg BID provided significantly greater bronchodilation than placebo: FEV1 AUC (0‐24h) response (adjusted mean difference from placebo ± standard error) was 158±24 mL and 149±24 mL, respectively (both p<0.0001). Statistically significant differences in response between either tiotropium dosing regimen and placebo were also observed for the secondary endpoints peak FEV1(0‐24h), trough FEV1, pre‐dose PEFAM, and pre‐dose PEFPM (all p<0.001) (Table). No statistically significant difference was seen between tiotropium dosing regimens for any primary or secondary endpoint (exploratory analysis). Conclusions: Improvements in lung function over 24 hours with tiotropium Respimat® were sustained and highly similar for the 5 μg QD and 2.5 μg BID regimens, suggesting that tiotropium 5 μg QD is an appropriate dosing regimen. (Table Presented).
 A pooled analysis of mortality in patients with copd receiving triple therapy versus dual bronchodilation;  Rationale Recent studies report a possible mortality benefit of treatment with long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA)/long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA)/inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) versus LAMA/LABA combinations in patients with highly symptomatic COPD and a history of exacerbations (≥1 moderate or severe exacerbation in the previous year). We compared the time to all‐cause mortality with LAMA/LABA/ICS versus LAMA+LABA in a population of patients with predominantly moderate‐to‐severe COPD and a predominantly lower exacerbation risk. Methods Data were pooled from patients who participated in six phase 3/4 randomized controlled trials (TONADO 1/2, DYNAGITO, WISDOM, UPLIFT and TIOSPIR) and received treatment with either LAMA/LABA/ICS (n=11,891) or LAMA+LABA (n=3,156). There was no withdrawal of prior treatment at randomization in either arm, and the LAMA/LABA/ICS group were receiving ICS prior to study entry. The analysis was on‐treatment and all data were censored at 52 weeks. To address any imbalance in characteristics between treatment arms, analyses were performed in a propensity score (PS)‐matched cohort with age, sex, geographical region, smoking status, post‐bronchodilator forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) percent predicted, exacerbation history, body mass index and time since diagnosis as covariates. Patients were PS‐matched to those who received LAMA+LABA during the treatment period and had not previously received ICS. Cox proportional hazard regression models adjusting for covariates (see Figure) were used to assess time to allcause mortality. Results After propensity score matching, there were 3,133 patients in both the LAMA+LABA and LAMA/LABA/ICS treatment groups. Baseline characteristics and comorbidities were well balanced between groups (LAMA+LABA vs. LAMA/LABA/ICS: male: 71.7% vs. 71.3%; age, mean±SD: 65.5±8.8 years vs. 65.8±8.6 years; FEV1% predicted, mean±SD: 48.6±13.2% vs. 48.4±13.5%). Groups were composed mostly of infrequent exacerbators (patients with ≥2 COPD exacerbation in prior year: 24.7% vs. 25.4%). Overall, there were 41 (1.3%) deaths in the LAMA+LABA group and 48 (1.5%) in the LAMA/LABA/ICS group. No significant difference in the time to death was observed between treatment groups (Figure; hazard ratio 0.93; 95% confidence intervals 0.60, 1.43; P=0.742). Sensitivity analyses using three additional models with different covariates showed similar results (Figure). Conclusions This pooled analysis of over 6,000 PS‐matched patients showed no differences in mortality between LAMA+LABA and triple therapy in patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD and predominantly low risk of exacerbations.
 Ensifentrine, a Novel Dual Phosphodiesterase (PDE) 3 and 4 Inhibitor, Significantly Reduces Annualized Exacerbations and Delays the Time to First Exacerbation in COPD: pooled Sub-Group Analyses of Enhance-1 and Enhance-2 Phase 3 Trials;  Ensifentrine is a first‐in‐class, inhaled dual inhibitor of phosphodiesterase (PDE)3 and PDE4 with demonstrated bronchodilation and anti‐inflammatory effects. This abstract reports on the pooled efficacy results in ENHANCE‐1 and ENHANCE‐2 Phase 3 trials of ensifentrine in COPD. Two Phase 3, 24‐week, multi‐center, randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trials to evaluate nebulized ensifentrine‐3mg twice‐daily compared to placebo. Subjects were 40‐80 years with symptomatic moderate‐to‐severe COPD (post‐bronchodilator FEV1 30‐70% predicted, FEV1/FVC ratio ≤0.7, >2mMRC), and smoking history >10 pack‐years. ENHANCE‐1 included a 48‐week safety subset (randomized 3:1). Primary endpoint was change from baseline to Week 12 average FEV1 AUC0‐12h. A pooled analysis of rate and time to first exacerbation was pre‐specified in both protocols for 24‐weeks. Exacerbations were defined as a worsening of symptoms for 2 consecutive days requiring minimum of 3 days of treatment with oral/systemic steroids and/or antibiotics [moderate] OR hospitalization [severe]). Endpoints included analysis of the pooled annualized rate of moderate/severe COPD exacerbations and time to first moderate/severe COPD exacerbation over 24 weeks. A pooled assessment of clinically important subgroups was conducted. In both trials, the primary endpoint was met: treatment with nebulized ensifentrine‐3mg significantly improved change from baseline to Week 12 average FEV1 AUC0‐12h vs placebo (both p<0.001). In the pooled analysis there were 1549 subjects (ensifentrine n=975, placebo n=574). Following 24 weeks of treatment, a 40% statistically significant reduction in exacerbation rate (rate ratio=0.60 [95% CI: 0.44, 0.82], p=0.001) and a 41% statistically significant delay in the time to first moderate/severe COPD exacerbation (hazard ratio=0.59 [95% CI: 0.44, 0.81], p<0.001) were observed vs placebo. Sub‐group analyses demonstrated a consistent effect on exacerbation rate and instant risk reduction favoring ensifentrine treatment, regardless of background medication use (LAMA or LABA±ICS), ICS use, presence of chronic bronchitis, baseline smoking status, baseline blood eosinophils or recent history of exacerbation rate and risk. Over 24 weeks, treatment with nebulized ensifentrine twice daily led to a substantial and highly statistically significant reduction in the rate (40%) of moderate/severe COPD exacerbations and instant risk (41%) of a moderate/severe COPD exacerbation. The large reduction in rate and risk of COPD exacerbations was consistent across clinically important subgroups, including subjects taking concomitant longacting bronchodilators, inhaled corticosteroids, subjects without chronic bronchitis and subjects with eosinophils >150 cells/μL. This allows the physician to initiate treatment with ensifentrine in the broad population of COPD.
 Pragmatic evaluation of a quality improvement programme for people living with modifiable high-risk chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  INTERVENTION: Enrolled practices will be randomised in a 1:1 ratio (using permuted blocks of different sizes) to either the intervention or control arm of the trial. Practices in the control arm will continue their usual patient care during the trial, and will receive the intervention at the end of the study period. Practices in the intervention arm will participate in a COPD quality improvement package, supporting healthcare professionals in primary care to diagnose, assess, and optimise the management of their patients with modifiable high‐risk COPD, through the promotion of guideline‐based care. Modifiable high‐risk patients are those whose medical history of COPD exacerbations (flare‐ups of disease), or history of smoking and respiratory symptoms and infections for those who do not have a COPD diagnosis, put them at a higher risk of exacerbations and cardiac or respiratory illness in the future. We describe this as a ‘modifiable’ risk because, with appropriate management, the risk may be modified and reduced. The intervention consists of four main components: i) identification of patients with modifiable high‐risk COPD, ii) assessment of disease/quantification of future risk, iii) pharmacological/non‐pharmacological treatment, iv) clinical follow up. Each practice will receive support and resources to deliver the intervention, including: clinical support to undertake clinic assessments, a spirometry service for patient lung function testing, patient questionnaires exploring respiratory symptoms and health and, individualised patient quality improvement reports based on guidelines. As a cluster randomised trial of a quality improvement intervention, patients will not be required to attend any research study visits CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) ; Respiratory ; Other chronic obstructive pulmonary disease PRIMARY OUTCOME: ; 1. The annual rate of moderate or severe exacerbations is measured using electronic medical records data (prescription of oral corticosteroids and/or antibiotics, or hospital visits/admissions following a respiratory event), at baseline, 12, 24 and 30 months. All outcome data will be analysed retrospectively at the end of the trial.; 2. The annual rate of major cardiac or respiratory events is measured using electronic medical records data (new diagnosis/hospitalisation for heart failure, coronary artery revascularization, myocardial infarction, stroke, cardiac/respiratory death, respiratory hospitalisation), at baseline, 12, 24 and 30 months. All outcome data will be analysed retrospectively at the end of the trial.; SECONDARY OUTCOME: Total annual systemic corticosteroid exposure is measured using electronic medical records data (average annual dose of prednisolone taken via any systemic route), at baseline, 12, 24 and 30 months. All outcome data will be analysed retrospectively at the end of the trial. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Criteria for participants (primary care practices): 1. Primary care (GP) practice in England 2. Has a minimum of 12 modifiable “high‐risk” COPD patients Modifiable high‐risk patients suitable for quality improvement programme: Diagnosed COPD at baseline, i.e., “already‐diagnosed”: 1. Diagnosed with COPD at trial baseline 2. Aged 40 years or older at trial baseline 3. In baseline period: two or more moderate, or one or more severe, exacerbations in the 24 months preceding randomization, including at least one exacerbation in the last 12 months 4. Therapy at baseline: no therapy, on a short‐acting bronchodilator (SABA, SAMA or SABA‐SAMA), on monotherapy with a long‐acting ß2 agonist (LABA), long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) or inhaled corticosteroid (ICS), or on dual therapy with LAMA‐LAB
 In the Phase 3 Boreas Trial, Baseline Blood Eosinophils and Baseline Fractional Exhaled Nitric Oxide Levels Predict the Response to Dupilumab in Patients With Moderate-to-Severe Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease and Type 2 Inflammation;  RATIONALE: In chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), patients with evidence of type 2 inflammation have more frequent exacerbations and worse overall mortality. Dupilumab, a fully human monoclonal antibody, blocks the shared receptor component for interleukin (IL)‐4 and IL‐13, key and central drivers of type 2 inflammation in multiple diseases. In phase 3 BOREAS (NCT03930732), efficacy and safety of dupilumab 300 mg every 2 weeks (q2w) vs placebo were investigated in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD with type 2 inflammation (blood eosinophils ≥300 cells/μL); patients who received dupilumab had fewer exacerbations, better lung function, and improved quality of life compared to those who received placebo. This analysis of the BOREAS trial evaluated treatment‐by‐biomarker interaction effects on the annualized rate of moderate or severe acute exacerbations of COPD (AECOPD) in patients with COPD with type 2 inflammation. METHODS: In BOREAS, patients with COPD and type 2 inflammation (screening blood eosinophils ≥300 cells/μL), on triple therapy (inhaled corticosteroids [ICS] + long‐acting β2‐agonists [LABA] + long‐acting muscarinic antagonists [LAMA]), or LABA/LAMA if ICS were contraindicated, received subcutaneous dupilumab 300 mg q2w or placebo for 52 weeks. Baseline blood eosinophil levels and fractional exhaled nitric oxide (FeNO) levels were evaluated treatment‐by‐biomarker interactions. The rate of moderate or severe AECOPD during the study period was analyzed using a negative binomial model. RESULTS: A total of 939 patients were randomized in the study, 468 to dupilumab and 471 to placebo. The rate ratio for the annualized rate of moderate or severe exacerbations of COPD for dupilumab vs placebo was 0.70 (95% CI 0.58‐0.86; P<0.001). The treatment rate ratio for moderate or severe AECOPD events was 0.75 (95% CI 0.62‐0.92), 0.71 (95% CI 0.58‐0.86), 0.61 (95% CI 0.48‐0.78), and 0.48 (95% CI 0.31‐0.73) for patients with baseline blood eosinophils of at least 0.3, 0.5, 0.7, and 0.9 Giga/L, respectively (biomarker‐by‐treatment interaction nominal P=0.006). The treatment rate ratio for moderate or severe AECOPD events was 0.71 (95% CI 0.59‐0.86) and 0.58 (95% CI 0.44‐ 0.76) for patients with baseline FeNO levels of at least 20 parts per billion (ppb) and 40 ppb, respectively (biomarker‐by‐treatment interaction P=0.043). Safety was similar between groups. CONCLUSIONS: In patients with COPD and type 2 inflammation, dupilumab vs placebo reduced exacerbation rates during the treatment period. Baseline eosinophil levels and baseline FeNO levels were predictive of the treatment response to dupilumab. (Table Presented).
 Triple therapy with budesonide/glycopyrrolate/formoterol fumarate with co-suspension delivery technology versus dual therapies in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (KRONOS): a double-blind, parallel-group, multicentre, phase 3 randomised controlled trial;  BACKGROUND: Inhaled corticosteroids have been used in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), but the potential benefits of their use in triple therapy are not well known. We aimed to compare the efficacy of a triple therapy with corresponding dual therapies in symptomatic patients with moderate to very severe COPD, without a requirement for a history of exacerbations. METHODS: In this double‐blind, parallel‐group, multicentre phase 3 randomised controlled trial, we recruited patients from hospitals and care centres in Canada, China, Japan, and the USA. Eligible patients were 40‐80 years of age, were current or former smokers (with a smoking history of ≥10 pack‐years), had an established clinical history of COPD, and were symptomatic for COPD, despite receiving two or more inhaled maintenance therapies for at least 6 weeks before screening. We randomly assigned patients (2:2:1:1) using an interactive web response system to receive budesonide/glycopyrrolate/formoterol fumarate metered‐dose inhaler 320/18/9·6 μg (BGF MDI), glycopyrrolate/ formoterol fumarate metered‐dose inhaler 18/9·6 μg (GFF MDI), budesonide/formoterol fumarate metered‐dose inhaler 320/9·6 μg (BFF MDI), or open‐label budesonide/formoterol fumarate dry‐powder inhaler 400/12 μg (BUD/ FORM DPI). Primary endpoints for the Europe/Canada statistical analysis approach were FEV1 area under the curve from 0‐4 h (AUC0‐4) for BGF MDI versus BFF MDI and BGF MDI versus BUD/FORM DPI over 24 weeks; and change from baseline in morning pre‐dose trough FEV1 for BGF MDI versus GFF MDI and non‐inferiority of BFF MDI versus BUD/FORM DPI (margin of ‐50 mL from lower bound of 95% CI) over 24 weeks. Comparisons with BUD/FORM DPI were made for the Europe/Canada statistical analysis approach only. This study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT02497001. FINDINGS: Between Aug 20, 2015, and Jan 5, 2018, 3047 patients were screened from 215 sites, and 1902 were randomly assigned to receive BGF MDI (n=640), GFF MDI (n=627), BFF MDI (n=316), or BUD/FORM DPI (n=319). Over 24 weeks, BGF MDI significantly improved FEV1 AUC0‐4 versus BFF MDI (least squares mean difference 104 mL, 95% CI 77 to 131; p<0·0001) and BUD/FORM DPI (91 mL, 64 to 117; p<0·0001). BGF MDI also significantly improved pre‐dose trough FEV1 versus GFF MDI (22 mL, 4 to 39; p=0·0139) and was non‐inferior to BUD/FORM DPI (‐10 mL, ‐36 to 16; p=0·4390). At week 24, patients in the BGF MDI group had a significantly improved FEV1 AUC0‐4 compared with patients receiving BFF MDI (116 mL, 95% CI 80 to 152; p<0·0001); there was a non‐significant improvement in the change from baseline in morning pre‐dose trough FEV1 at week 24 versus GFF MDI (13 mL, ‐9 to 36 mL; p=0·2375). The most common treatment‐emergent adverse events were nasopharyngitis (n=49 [8%] in the BGF MDI group; n=41 [7%] in the GFF MDI group; n=26 [8%] in the BFF MDI group; and n=30 [9%] in the BUD/FORM DPI group) and upper respiratory tract infection (n=65 [10%]; n=38 [6%]; n=18 [6%]; and n=22 [7%]). Pneumonia incidence was low (<2%) and similar across treatments. There were two treatment‐related deaths, both in the GFF MDI group. INTERPRETATION: BGF MDI was efficacious, well tolerated, and could be a more appropriate treatment than the corresponding dual therapies for symptomatic patients with moderate to very severe COPD, irrespective of exacerbation history. FUNDING: Pearl‐a member of the AstraZeneca Group.
 Tiotropium/Olodaterol Decreases Exacerbation Rates Compared with Tiotropium in a Range of Patients with COPD: pooled Analysis of the TONADO®/DYNAGITO® Trials;  INTRODUCTION: Previous studies demonstrated that tiotropium/olodaterol reduced rates of exacerbations in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). However, this should be examined in a wider population. METHODS: This post hoc analysis pooled data from TONADO® 1 + 2 and DYNAGITO®, three 52‐week, parallel‐group, randomised, double‐blind, phase III trials investigating patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD, with and without previous exacerbations, who received tiotropium/olodaterol 5/5 µg or tiotropium 5 µg. Subgroup analyses were conducted on patients stratified by exacerbation history, Global Initiative for Chronic Obstructive Lung Disease (GOLD) stage 2‐4 disease severity and baseline inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) use. RESULTS: In 9942 patients, tiotropium/olodaterol was associated with lower rates of moderate/severe exacerbations (0.68 vs. 0.77 per patient‐year; rate ratio (RR) vs. tiotropium 0.89, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.84, 0.95; P = 0.0003) and exacerbations requiring hospitalisation (0.11 vs. 0.13 per patient‐year; RR 0.86, 95% CI 0.75, 0.99; P = 0.0380) versus tiotropium. Lower rates of moderate/severe exacerbations with tiotropium/olodaterol versus tiotropium were evident in patients with 0‐1 moderate exacerbation in the previous year (0.54 vs. 0.60 per patient‐year; RR 0.90, 95% CI 0.82, 0.98; P = 0.0187) and at least two moderate or at least one severe exacerbation(s) in the previous year (0.97 vs. 1.09 per patient‐year; RR 0.89, 95% CI 0.82, 0.97; P = 0.0096). In patients with GOLD 2 and GOLD 3 COPD, moderate/severe exacerbation rates were lower with tiotropium/olodaterol versus tiotropium; GOLD 4 patients showed negligible difference between treatments. When evaluating patients by baseline ICS use, there was a significantly lower rate of moderate/severe exacerbations with tiotropium/olodaterol versus tiotropium in patients receiving ICS. CONCLUSIONS: Tiotropium/olodaterol decreased the rate of moderate/severe exacerbations and exacerbations leading to hospitalisation versus tiotropium. Results from this large, pooled, post hoc analysis support the use of dual bronchodilation with tiotropium/olodaterol in a broad range of patients, reflective of patients with COPD in clinical practice. TRIAL REGISTRATION: TONADO® 1 (ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT01431274); TONADO® 2 (ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT01431287); DYNAGITO® (ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT02296138). People with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) may have times when their symptoms worsen, known as exacerbations. This may mean that they need to take additional medications, such as antibiotics or oral steroids. Studies have shown that a combination of two types of inhaled medicine‐tiotropium and olodaterol‐can help to reduce exacerbations in some people. To see if this is also the case across a larger and more diverse range of people, we combined the results from three studies (TONADO® 1 + 2 and DYNAGITO®) that looked at people who were taking tiotropium and olodaterol together and people who were taking tiotropium alone. We showed that, across a wide range of people, treatment with tiotropium/olodaterol was generally better at reducing exacerbations than tiotropium. Tiotropium/olodaterol also decreased the number of exacerbations that led to hospitalisation compared with tiotropium. Overall, our results support the use of combined tiotropium/olodaterol in people at different stages of COPD.
 An analysis of the impact trial assessing single-inhaler therapy with fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) versus FF/VI and UMEC/VI using a composite adverse event outcome in patients with copd;  Rationale The IMPACT trial demonstrated that fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) single‐inhaler triple therapy significantly reduced severe exacerbations rates and all‐cause mortality risk versus UMEC/VI in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). However, concerns have been raised about an increased risk of pneumonia with inhaled corticosteroid‐containing regimens as well as cardiovascular effects with dual bronchodilation. To better determine the benefit‐risk profile of FF/UMEC/VI versus FF/VI and UMEC/VI in the IMPACT population, a composite adverse event outcome was examined. Methods The IMPACT trial (NCT02164513, CTT116855) was a 52‐week, randomized, doubleblind, multicenter study comparing FF/UMEC/VI 100/62.5/25μg with FF/VI 100/25μg and UMEC/VI 62.5/25μg in patients aged ≥40 years with symptomatic COPD (COPD Assessment Test score ≥10) and forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) <50% predicted and ≥1 moderate or severe exacerbation in the prior year, or FEV1 50‐<80% predicted and ≥2 moderate or ≥1 severe exacerbations in the prior year. This post hoc analysis evaluated time‐to‐first composite event, comprising on‐treatment severe exacerbation, on‐treatment cardiovascular adverse event of special interest (AESI) resulting in hospitalization or death, on‐treatment pneumonia AESI resulting in hospitalization or death, or on‐treatment death from any cause. For patients with multiple events, only the first event contributed to this analysis. Severe exacerbations were defined as worsening of symptoms resulting in hospitalization or death. The analysis was conducted using a Cox proportional hazards model with covariates of treatment group, sex, exacerbation history (≤1, ≥2 moderate/severe), geographical region, smoking status (screening) and post bronchodilator percent predicted FEV1 (screening). Results The overall intent‐to‐treat population comprised 10,355 patients (FF/UMEC/VI, n=4151; FF/VI, n=4134; UMEC/VI, n=2070). Composite events occurred in 647 (16%), 636 (15%), and 356 (17%) patients receiving FF/UMEC/VI, FF/VI, and UMEC/VI, respectively. The probability of experiencing an event before Day 365 with FF/UMEC/VI, FF/VI, and UMEC/VI was 16.7%, 17.5%, and 19.1%, respectively (Figure). FF/UMEC/VI significantly reduced composite event risk versus UMEC/VI by 16.5% (95% confidence interval [CI]: 5.0, 26.7; p=0.006). The point estimates for the reduction in the risk of a composite event favored FF/UMEC/VI over FF/VI (6.2% reduction [‐4.7, 15.9]; p=0.255), and FF/VI over UMEC/VI (11.1% reduction [‐1.3, 21.9]; p=0.077), but differences were not statistically significant. Conclusions FF/UMEC/VI significantly reduced the risk of a composite adverse event versus UMEC/VI and numerically reduced the risk versus FF/VI, demonstrating a favorable benefit‐risk profile of once‐daily FF/UMEC/VI triple therapy compared with dual therapy in patients with symptomatic COPD and a history of exacerbations. Funding GSK (NCT02164513/CTT116855).
 Effect of ADRB2 polymorphisms on the efficacy of salmeterol and tiotropium in preventing COPD exacerbations: a prespecified substudy of the POET-COPD trial;  BACKGROUND: The effect of β2‐adrenergic receptor (ADRB2) polymorphisms on the treatment response to longacting bronchodilators in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is unclear. We aimed to establish whether ADRB2 polymorphisms differentially affected COPD exacerbation outcomes in response to tiotropium versus salmeterol. METHODS: We did a prespecified analysis of the ADRB2 polymorphisms Arg16Gly and Gln27Glu within the 1 year randomised, double‐blind, double‐dummy, parallel‐group Prevention Of Exacerbations with Tiotropium in COPD (POET‐COPD) trial, comparing the effects of treatment with tiotropium or salmeterol on exacerbations in 7376 patients with COPD. One blood sample was collected for pharmacogenetic testing from each patient who elected to participate in the substudy. Random assignment of patients to treatment groups was not stratified according to genotypes. Genomic DNA was extracted from whole‐blood specimens and samples were genotyped for the two SNPs, rs1042713 (Arg16Gly) and rs1042714 (Gln27Glu). All assays were done in technical duplicates and 10% of samples that were randomly chosen were repeated as technical duplicates in a second independent genotyping process. Our primary endpoint was the risk of a first exacerbation of COPD based on time to first exacerbation data. An exacerbation of COPD was defined as the increase or new onset of more than one symptom of COPD (cough, sputum, wheezing, dyspnoea, or chest tightness), with at least one of the symptoms lasting for 3 days or more and needing treatment with antibiotics or systemic glucocorticoids (moderate exacerbations), or admission to hospital (severe exacerbations). POET‐COPD is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT00563381. FINDINGS: 5125 patients gave informed consent for genotyping. The distributions of ADRB2 genotypes were well matched among groups. Polymorphisms at aminoacid 27 did not affect exacerbation outcomes. In the salmeterol group, patients with Arg16Arg genotype had a significantly reduced exacerbation risk compared with patients with Arg16Gly (p=0·0130) and Gly16Gly (p=0·0018) genotypes (proportion of patients with at least one exacerbation was 32·3% in Arg16Arg, 39·8% in Arg16Gly, and 42·1% in Gly16Gly). By contrast, exacerbation risk was not modified by polymorphisms at aminoacid 16 in the tiotropium group. The effect of the Arg16Gly polymorphism on treatment response to salmeterol was dependent on the use of inhaled corticosteroids (ICS). In patients untreated with ICS at baseline, Arg16Gly and Arg16Arg genotypes were associated with significantly prolonged time to first exacerbation compared with Gly16Gly (vs Arg16Gly p=0·0164; Arg16Arg p=0·0316; proportion of patients with at least one exacerbation was 28·3% in Arg16Arg, 31·6% in Arg16Gly, and 39·2% in Gly16Gly), whereas in patients on ICS at baseline, only the Arg16Arg genotype was associated with significantly prolonged time to first exacerbation compared with Gly16Gly (p=0·0198; not Arg16Gly p=0·64; proportion of patients with at least one exacerbation was 35·9% in Arg16Arg, 46·7% in Arg16Gly, and 44·8% in Gly16Gly). The respiratory disorders, in particular worsening of COPD, were the most common serious adverse events. FUNDING: Boehringer Ingelheim and Pfizer. INTERPRETATION: Patients with the Arg16Arg genotype had better exacerbation outcomes in response to salmeterol than Gly16Gly and Arg16Gly genotypes, suggesting a potential differential Arg16Gly genotype effect on treatment response to longacting β‐agonists (LABAs). However, the use of ADRB2 polymorphisms for predicting LABA treatment response is still limited and further prospective validation will be needed to advance the mechanistic understanding of β‐adrenergic polymorphisms and their association with clinical features of COPD.
 Comparative effectiveness of LABA-ICS versus LAMA as initial treatment in COPD targeted by blood eosinophils: a population-based cohort study;  BACKGROUND: Long‐acting β2 agonists (LABAs) and long‐acting muscarinic antagonists (LAMAs) are the recommended initial maintenance treatment for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), with almost all LABAs dispensed in fixed combination with inhaled corticosteroids (LABA‐ICS). We compared the effectiveness and safety of LABA‐ICS versus LAMA treatment initiation as a function of blood eosinophilia, a potential biomarker of ICS effectiveness, in a real‐world setting. METHODS: In this population‐based cohort study, we identified a cohort of patients with COPD initiating treatment with a LAMA or LABA‐ICS during 2002‐15, age 55 years or older, from the UK's Clinical Practice Research Datalink. We excluded patients who initiated treatment with both bronchodilators on the same date. All patients required at least 1 year of medical history and a measure of blood eosinophil concentration before cohort entry, defined by the date of the first cohort‐defining bronchodilator prescription. Patients initiating a LAMA were matched on high‐dimensional propensity scores with patients initiating a LABA‐ICS. They were followed up for 1 year for the occurrence of a moderate or severe COPD exacerbation and for severe pneumonia. Sensitivity analyses included, among others, repeating the analysis among patients with two blood eosinophil concentration measures and stratification by concurrent asthma and previous exacerbations. FINDINGS: The base cohort included 539 643 patients with a prescription for LABAs or LAMAs from Jan 1, 2002, to Dec 31, 2015, of whom 18 500 were initiated on LABA‐ICS and 13 870 on LAMAs. Propensity score analysis resulted in 12 366 initiators of LAMAs (mainly tiotropium) matched to 12 366 initiators of LABA‐ICS. The hazard ratio (HR) of COPD exacerbation associated with LABA‐ICS initiation, relative to LAMA initiation, was 0·95 (95% CI 0·90‐1·01). In patients with blood eosinophil concentrations of less than 2% of white blood cell count, the HR was 1·03 (95% CI 0·93‐1·13) and for those with eosinophil concentrations of 2‐4%, the HR was 1·00 (0·91‐1·10). For patients with eosinophil concentrations of more than 4%, the HR was 0·79 (0·70‐0·88). The incidence of pneumonia increased with LABA‐ICS initiation (HR 1·37 [95% CI 1·17‐1·60]) and was similar across all eosinophil concentrations. Sensitivity analyses were consistent with these findings, but the incidence of exacerbation with LABA‐ICS among the 2766 (11%) of all 24 732 patients with two or more COPD exacerbations during the baseline year was marginally lower (HR 0·87 [95% CI 0·79‐0·97]). INTERPRETATION: In this real‐world, clinical practice, observational study, initial COPD treatment with LABA‐ICS inhalers was only more effective than with LAMAs in patients with high blood eosinophil concentrations (>4%) or counts (>300 cells per μL) and possibly in frequent exacerbators. Because of the increased risk of pneumonia associated with the ICS component, initiation with a LAMA should be preferred in patients with blood eosinophil concentrations of less than 4%. FUNDING: Canadian Institutes of Health Research, Canadian Foundation for Innovation.
 BENEFITS OF BUDESONIDE-CONTAINING THERAPIES ON REDUCING LUNG FUNCTION DECLINE IN PATIENTS WITH COPD IN THE ETHOS STUDY;  SESSION TITLE: New Insights into COPD and Its Complications SESSION TYPE: Original Investigations PRESENTED ON: October 18‐21, 2020 PURPOSE: The Phase III ETHOS study (NCT02465567) assessed the efficacy and safety of the inhaled corticosteroid/long‐acting muscarinic antagonist/long‐acting β2‐agonist (ICS/LAMA/LABA) budesonide/glycopyrrolate/formoterol fumarate metered dose inhaler (BGF MDI), at two different budesonide dose levels, in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Two doses of BGF MDI were evaluated, versus glycopyrrolate/formoterol fumarate (GFF) MDI and budesonide/formoterol fumarate (BFF) MDI. A 52‐week pulmonary function test (PFT) sub‐study was conducted in a subset of patients. Here, we report an analysis of the ETHOS PFT sub‐study evaluating lung function decline with ICS‐containing therapies versus the non‐ICS‐containing therapy, GFF MDI. METHODS: ETHOS was a randomized, double‐blind, multi‐center, parallel‐group study in patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD who had experienced ≥1 moderate/severe exacerbation in the previous year. Patients received BGF MDI 320/18/9.6 µg, BGF MDI 160/18/9.6 μg, GFF MDI 18/9.6 µg, or BFF MDI 320/9.6 µg twice‐daily, each administered via a single Aerosphere inhaler, for 52 weeks. To reduce variability and synthesize information in this analysis of the PFT sub‐study, the rates of decline in pre‐dose trough forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) and FEV1 AUC0–4 over 52 weeks were assessed in the pooled ICS‐containing treatment arms (BGF MDI 320/18/9.6 µg, BGF MDI 160/18/9.6 μg, and BFF MDI 320/9.6 µg) versus GFF MDI 18/9.6 µg (non‐ICS‐containing treatment arm). A negative treatment difference favors the ICS��containing treatment. RESULTS: The PFT modified intent‐to‐treat population included a total of 3088 patients (pooled ICS group, n=2309; GFF MDI 18/9.6µg, n=779; mean age 64.4 years; 52.8% male; 76.5% used ICS at screening; baseline post bronchodilator FEV1 % predicted, 42.5–43.1% across individual treatment groups). The adjusted rate (SE) of decline in pre‐dose trough FEV1 over 52 weeks in the pooled ICS‐containing treatment group was 37.7 mL/year (5.0) versus 54.0 mL/year (8.9) in GFF MDI 18/9.6 µg (treatment difference, –16.4 mL/year [95% CI –36.4, 3.6]). Additionally, the adjusted rate (SE) of decline in FEV1 AUC0–4 over 52 weeks in the pooled ICS‐containing treatment group was 56.1 mL/year (4.7) versus 63.6 mL/year (8.5) in GFF MDI 18/9.6 µg (treatment difference, –7.5 mL/year [95% CI –26.5, 11.6]). CONCLUSIONS: Despite the severity of disease in this population, this analysis identified a trend for lower rates of lung function decline in patients receiving an ICS‐containing treatment relative to the treatment that did not contain an ICS, GFF MDI 18/9.6 µg, in patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD. CLINICAL IMPLICATIONS: In patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD, the use of an ICS in dual and triple therapy may reduce the yearly decline in lung function versus LAMA/LABA treatment. DISCLOSURES: Employee relationship with AstraZeneca Please note: >$100000 Added 04/11/2020 by Magnus Aurivillius, source=Web Response, value=Salary Stock holder relationship with AstraZeneca Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 04/11/2020 by Magnus Aurivillius, source=Web Response, value=Ownership interest Employee relationship with Astrazeneca Please note: >$100000 Added 04/09/2020 by Shaila Ballal, source=Web Response, value=Salary Employee relationship with AstraZeneca Please note: >$100000 Added 04/13/2020 by Patrick Darken, source=Web Response, value=Salary Employee relationship with Astrazeneca Please note: >$100000 Added 07/10/2020 by Paul Dorinsky, source=Web Response, value=Salary Employee relationship with AstraZeneca Please note: >$100000 Added 04/14/2020 by Paul Dorinsky, source=Web Response, value=Salary Removed 07/10/2020 by Paul Dorinsky, source=Web Response Advisory Committee Member relationship with AstraZeneca/Pearl Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 04/08/2020 by Gary Ferguson, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Consultant relationship with AstraZeneca/Pearl Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 04/08/2020 by Gary Ferguson, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Scientific Medical Advisor relationship with AstraZeneca/Pearl Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 04/08/2020 by Gary Ferguson, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with AstraZeneca/Pearl Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 04/08/2020 by Gary Ferguson, source=Web Response, value=Travel Advisory Committee Member relationship with Boehringer Ingelheim Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 04/08/2020 by Gary Ferguson, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Consultant relationship with Boehringer Ingelheim Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 04/08/2020 by Gary Ferguson, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Scientific Medical Advisor relationship with Boehringer Ingelheim Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 04/08/2020 by Gary Ferguson, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Scientific Medical Advisor relationship with Boehringer Ingelheim Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 04/08/2020 by Gary Ferguson, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with Boehringer Ingelheim Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 04/08/2020 by Gary Ferguson, source=Web Response, value=Travel Advisory Committee Member relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 04/08/2020 by Gary Ferguson, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Consultant relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 04/08/2020 by Gary Ferguson, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Scientific Medical Advisor relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 04/08/2020 by Gary Ferguson, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 04/08/2020 by Gary Ferguson, source=Web Response, value=Travel Scientific Medical Advisor relationship with Novartis Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 04/08/2020 by Gary Ferguson, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support Recipient relationship with Altavant Please note: $1‐$1000 Added 04/08/2020 by Gary Ferguson, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support Recipient relationship with Knopp Please note: $1‐$1000 Added 04/08/2020 by Gary Ferguson, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Advisory Committee Member relationship with Theravance/Mylan Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 04/08/2020 by Gary Ferguson, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Advisory Committee Member relationship with Theravance/Mylan Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 04/08/2020 by Gary Ferguson, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Scientific Medical Advisor relationship with Theravance/Mylan Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 04/08/2020 by Gary Ferguson, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with Theravance/Mylan Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 04/08/2020 by Gary Ferguson, source=Web Response, value=Travel Advisory Committee Member relationship with Sunovion Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 04/08/2020 by Gary Ferguson, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Advisory Committee Member relationship with Sunovion Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 04/08/2020 by Gary Ferguson, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Scientific Medical Advisor relationship with Sunovion Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 04/08/2020 by Gary Ferguson, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with Sunovion Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 04/08/2020 by Gary Ferguson, source=Web Response, value=Travel Advisory Committee Member relationship with Verona Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 04/08/2020 by Gary Ferguson, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Advisory Committee Member relationship with Verona Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 04/08/2020 by Gary Ferguson, source=Web Response, value=Travel Scientific Medical Advisor relationship with Verona Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 04/08/2020 by Gary Ferguson, source=Web Response, value=Travel Scientific Medical Advisor relationship with AstraZeneca Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 05/20/2020 by Fernando Martinez, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Advisory Committee Member relationship with Astra Zeneca Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 05/20/2020 by Fernando Martinez, source=Web Response, value=Travel IPF Steering Committee relationship with Bayer Please note: $1‐$1000 Added 05/20/2020 by Fernando Martinez, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Scientific Medical Advisor relationship with Boehringer Ingelheim Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 05/20/2020 by Fernando Martinez, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Scientific Medical Advisor relationship with Boehringer Ingelheim Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 05/20/2020 by Fernando Martinez, source=Web Response, value=Travel Scientific Medical Advisor relationship with ProTerrix Bio Please note: $1‐$1000 Added 05/20/2020 by Fernando Martinez, source=Web Response, value=Intellectual property rights Scientific Medical Advisor relationship with CSL Behring Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 05/20/2020 by Fernando Martinez, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Scientific Medical Advisor relationship with CSL Behring Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 05/20/2020 by Fernando Martinez, source=Web Response, value=Travel Scientific Medical Advisor relationship with Genentech Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 05/20/2020 by Fernando Martinez, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Scientific Medical Advisor relationship with Genentech Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 05/20/2020 by Fernando Martinez, source=Web Response, value=Travel Scientific Medical Advisor relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 05/20/2020 by Fernando Martinez, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Scientific Medical Advisor relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 05/20/2020 by Fernando Martinez, source=Web Response, value=Travel Scientific Medical Advisor relationship with Respivant Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 05/20/2020 by Fernando Martinez, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with Respivant Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 05/20/2020 by Fernando Martinez, source=Web Response, value=Travel Scientific Medical Advisor relationship with ProMedior/Roche Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 05/20/2020 by Fernando Martinez, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Scientific Medical Advisor relationship with Sanofi/Regeneron Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 05/20/2020 by Fernando Martinez, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Scientific Medical Advisor relationship with Sanofi/Regeneron Please note: $1‐$1000 Added 05/20/2020 by Fernando Martinez, source=Web Response, value=Travel Scientific Medical Advisor relationship with twoXR Please note: $1‐$1000 Added 05/20/2020 by Fernando Martinez, source=Web Response, value=Advisor Scientific Medical Advisor relationship with Veracyte Please note: $1‐$1000 Added 05/20/2020 by Fernando Martinez, source=Web Response, value=Intellectual property rights Scientific Medical Advisor relationship with Boehringer Ingelheim Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 05/27/2020 by Klaus Rabe, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Scientific Medical Advisor relationship with AstraZeneca Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 05/27/2020 by Klaus Rabe, source=Web Response, value=Grant, Honoraria and Travel Scientific Medical Advisor relationship with Novartis Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 05/27/2020 by Klaus Rabe, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Scientific Medical Advisor relationship with Chiesi Pharmaceuticals Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 05/27/2020 by Klaus Rabe, source=Web Response, value=Grant, Honoraria and Travel Scientific Medical Advisor relationship with Sanofi Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 05/27/2020 by Klaus Rabe, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee, Honoraria, Tra Scientific Medical Advisor relationship with Roche Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 05/27/2020 by Klaus Rabe, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria, Travel, Grant Scientific Medical Advisor relationship with Regeneron Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 05/27/2020 by Klaus Rabe, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria, Grant, Travel
 Relative Bioavailability of Budesonide/Glycopyrrolate/Formoterol Fumarate Metered Dose Inhaler Administered With and Without a Spacer: results of a Phase I, Randomized, Crossover Trial in Healthy Adults;  PURPOSE: The triple combination therapy budesonide/glycopyrrolate/formoterol fumarate in a metered dose inhaler (BGF MDI), formulated by using innovative co‐suspension delivery technology, is a new inhaled corticosteroid/long‐acting muscarinic antagonist/long‐acting β2‐agonist fixed‐dose combination for the maintenance treatment of COPD. For some patients, the use of an MDI may be optimized with a spacer. This Phase I study assessed the effect of a spacer on lung exposure, total systemic exposure, and safety of BGF MDI 320/36/9.6 μg in healthy subjects. METHODS: This randomized, open‐label, crossover study assessed the pharmacokinetic and safety profiles of BGF MDI in healthy adult subjects who received a single dose of BGF MDI 320/36/9.6 μg (administered as 2 inhalations with 160/18/4.8 μg per actuation) in 4 regimens: without spacer and no charcoal; with spacer and no charcoal; without spacer and with charcoal; and with spacer and with charcoal. Primary objectives were to assess total systemic exposure (without charcoal) and lung exposure (with charcoal) of budesonide, glycopyrronium, and formoterol administered as BGF MDI with and without a spacer. Safety was also assessed. FINDINGS: In total, 56 subjects were randomized (mean age, 29.9 years; 60.7% male, 17.9% former smokers). For systemic exposure (without charcoal), the spacer/without spacer ratio, expressed as a percentage (intrasubject %CV) of Cmax and AUC0‐tlast, respectively, was 152.0 (47.5) and 132.8 (43.6) for budesonide, 240.6 (80.2) and 154.7 (73.4) for glycopyrronium, and 165.6 (50.7) and 98.6 (53.8) for formoterol. For lung exposure (with charcoal), the spacer/without spacer ratio percentage (%CV) of Cmax and AUC0‐tlast, respectively, was 183.6 (65.9) and 198.4 (71.5) for budesonide, 262.0 (91.8) and 373.9 (120.7) for glycopyrronium, and 222.9 (56.3) and 385.2 (147.0) for formoterol. Subjects who were judged to have suboptimal inhalation technique without a spacer (those in the lowest drug exposure quartile based on AUC0‐tlast) had the greatest increase in both total systemic and lung exposure when a spacer was used versus no spacer. Subjects in the highest quartile had a minimal change in both total systemic and lung exposure when the spacer was used. Treatment‐emergent adverse events (TEAEs) (all mild/moderate) reported by >1 subject per regimen were headache, cough, and dizziness. One subject withdrew because of TEAEs of headache and presyncope (neither considered treatment‐related). IMPLICATIONS: Drug delivery can be improved for subjects with suboptimal MDI inhalation technique when using a spacer device with BGF MDI triple therapy. ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT03311373.
 The effect of concurrent bronchodilator therapy on the efficacy and safety of a novel, nebulized glycopyrrolate in phase 3 studies in subjects with moderate to very severe COPD;  PURPOSE: The GOLDEN Phase 3 studies assessed the efficacy and safety of a novel, nebulized glycopyrrolate (GLY) for up to 48 weeks, and included subjects on stable doses of long‐acting β2‐agonists (LABA) ± inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) who continued background therapy over the treatment period. METHODS: In two 12‐week placebo‐controlled studies and one 48‐week active‐controlled study, 2379 subjects were stratified by background LABA±ICS (LABA‐yes [n=861] vs LABA‐no [n=1518]) and randomized to placebo, GLY 25 or 50 mcg twice daily (BID) via an investigational eFlow Closed System nebulizer (PARI Pharma, Germany), or tiotropium (TIO; 18 mcg once daily). Lung function, patient‐reported outcomes, exacerbations and safety were assessed in the LABA subgroups. Statistical methodology included mixed‐model repeated measures, analysis of covariance and descriptive safety data. RESULTS: GLY 25 and 50 mcg BID produced statistically significant and clinically important improvements vs placebo in trough forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1; 92‐110 mL, p<0.001) in LABA subgroups at week 12. The overall change from baseline in trough FEV1 was similar for GLY 50 mcg BID and TIO (92‐106 mL) in both LABA subgroups at week 48. At 12 weeks, GLY produced statistically significant improvements in SGRQ in LABA subgroups (‐2.073 to ‐3.888 vs placebo, p<0.05), and the proportion of SGRQ responders was consistently higher with GLY 25 and 50 mcg BID (LABA‐yes: 48.3%, 43.4%; LABA‐no: 46.1%, 40.9%) than placebo (yes: 24.8%; no: 38.7%). Over 48 weeks, change from baseline SGRQ in the LABA‐yes subgroup was ‐5.190 for GLY and ‐3.094 for TIO, and ‐4.368 and ‐4.821, respectively, in the LABA‐no subgroup. The proportion of GLY SGRQ responders was higher in the LABA‐yes (53.7% vs 41.1% TIO) and similar to TIO in the LABA‐no (42.6% vs 48.8% TIO) subgroups after 48 weeks. Exacerbation rates were generally similar across treatments and most were moderate in severity in both LABA subgroups after 12 and 48 weeks. The incidence of adverse events leading to discontinuation was similar in the LABA subgroups and less frequent in the GLY groups compared to placebo at 12 weeks. There was a higher discontinuation rate in the GLY LABA subgroups, with higher overall cough and COPD incidence rates (IRs) vs TIO. Cardiovascular events of special interest were more frequent in the LABA‐no subgroup with generally similar IRs between treatments in LABA subgroups at 12 and 48 weeks. At 12 weeks, there were two major adverse cardiac events (MACE; IR per thousand patient‐years=23.6) in the placebo LABA‐no group and three MACE (IR=33.9) in the GLY 50 mcg BID LABA‐no group. The MACE IRs in the TIO group were numerically higher than GLY in both LABA subgroups at 48 weeks. CONCLUSIONS: Nebulized GLY improved lung function and patient‐reported outcomes with an acceptable safety/tolerability profile in subjects with COPD, with and without background LABA±ICS, for up to 48 weeks.
 Exploratory analysis of exacerbation incidence by patient subgroup in three phase 3 trials of nebulized glycopyrrolate/eflow cs;  PURPOSE: This post‐hoc analysis investigated the incidence of exacerbations by patient subgroup in the Phase 3 GOLDEN trials of a novel nebulized glycopyrrolate (GLY) administered via the innovative eFlow® Closed System nebulizer (PARI Pharma, Germany). METHODS: Data from two replicate 12‐week, placebo‐controlled trials of nebulized GLY 25 and 50 mcg twice daily (BID) in subjects with moderate‐to‐very‐severe COPD were pooled for analysis. Data from a 48‐week safety study of nebulized GLY 50 mcg BID versus tiotropium (TIO 18 mcg once daily [QD]) were also analyzed. Exacerbations were evaluated in the following patient subgroups: background long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA) therapy, % predicted forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1), age, cardiovascular (CV) risk, and peak inspiratory flow rate (PIFR). RESULTS: Data from 1293 subjects included in the two 12‐week studies were pooled (GLY 25 mcg BID, n=431; GLY 50 mcg BID, n=432; placebo, n=430). The pooled data are presented for GLY 25 mcg BID, GLY 50 mcg BID, and placebo respectively. Exacerbations were observed in 12.6%, 14.1% and 12.9% of subjects using background LABA (± inhaled corticosteroids [ICS]) and in 6.1%, 7.7%, and 8.7% of those not on LABA. More subjects with % predicted FEV1 <50% had exacerbations versus those with % predicted FEV1 ≥50% (10.3%, 13.5% and 10.2% vs 6.5%, 6.7% and 9.9%). The incidence of exacerbations was 15.4%, 8.1% and 18.2% in subjects aged 40‐50 years versus 7.5%, 9.0% and 11.0% in subjects >65 years. Exacerbations were seen in 12.2%, 10.8% and 11.2% of subjects at low CV risk compared with 5.8%, 9.1% and 9.4% of subjects at high CV risk. By PIFR, 7.1%, 10.8% and 13.1% of subjects with PIFR <60 L/min had exacerbations compared with 8.5%, 9.3% and 9.1% of those with PIFR ≥60 L/ min. The 48‐week safety study included 1086 subjects (GLY 50 mcg BID, n=620; TIO 18 mcg QD, n=466); data presented are for GLY and TIO respectively. Exacerbations were reported by 18.5% and 22.5% of subjects overall. In subjects using background LABA (±ICS), 23.2% and 27.6% had exacerbations compared with 15.0% and 19.0% of those not on background LABA. In subjects with % predicted FEV1 <50%, 20.6% and 26.0% had exacerbations compared with 16.9% and 20.0% of those with % predicted FEV1 ≥50%. CONCLUSIONS: In the pooled 12‐week studies, the incidence of exacerbations varied according to the different characteristics evaluated. In the 48‐week safety study, the exacerbation incidence with nebulized GLY was comparable to TIO across all patient characteristics assessed.
 The impact of gold stage on the effectiveness of tiotropium/olodaterol in preventing COPD exacerbations in the dynagito trial;  Rationale The DYNAGITO trial investigated the effect of bronchodilation on exacerbation rate in patients with COPD. The observed rates were 0.90 per patient‐year with tio‐tropium/olodaterol (T/O) and 0.97 per patient‐year with tio‐tropium alone (Tio) (rate ratio 0.93; 99% confidence interval 0.85‐1.02; P=0.0498). We investigated whether the effect on exacerbation rate was the same across patients with varying degrees of baseline airflow limitation. Methods DYNAGITO was a 52‐week, double‐blind trial in which patients with COPD were randomized (1:1) to receive T/O 5/5mg or Tio 5mg once daily, delivered via Respimat® (NCT02296138). Patients continued to take inhaled corticoste‐roids (ICS) if receiving them at baseline. Inclusion criteria included post‐bronchodilator FEV1 <60% predicted at baseline and at least one moderate or severe exacerbation in the previous 12 months. In this post hoc analysis, we grouped patients by baseline Global Initiative for Chronic Obstructive Lung Disease (GOLD) stages 2‐4; there was a small number of patients classed as GOLD 1 (n=47), so we did not include this group. We used a negative binomial model adjusted for a number of covariates to calculate adjusted incidence rates and rate ratios. Results Overall, there were 2,784 patients classed as GOLD 2, 4,039 GOLD 3 and 992 GOLD 4. Baseline COPD treatment differed by GOLD stage. More patients were receiving a long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) only or LAMA/long‐acting b2‐agonist (LABA) in GOLD 2 (12.6% and 13.4%) than GOLD 3 (7.5% and 12.0%) or 4 (5.6% and 8.4%), while fewer patients were receiving LAMA/LABA/ICS in GOLD 2 (32.6%) than in GOLD 3 (42.8%) or 4 (47.7%). T/O reduced the exacerbation rate compared with Tio in GOLD 2 and 3 patients, but not in GOLD 4 patients (figure 1). Conclusion The results demonstrate that improving broncho‐dilation with T/O reduced the exacerbation rate compared with Tio in patients with GOLD 2 and 3 COPD. The lack of effect of bronchodilators in the most severely limited patients has been reported previously (Wedzicha et al. N Engl J Med 2016;374:2222‐34) and may reflect the complex contributors to airflow obstruction in very severe COPD.
 A randomized, open labelled, multi centric parallel group three arms clinical study to evaluate the effifacy and safety of roflumilast 500mcg tablet in chronic obstructive pulmonary disorder;  INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Roflumilast 500mcg tablet: Dose: 500 mcg tablet,once daily for 24 weeks,Route: Oral. Roflumilast is a PDE4 enzyme inhibitor. The drug is approved by US FDA and EMEA for use in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease. Control Intervention1: Salmeterol 25mcg inhaler: Dose: 25 mcg ( 2 inhalations of 25 mcg twice daily) total dose 100 mcg per day for 24 weeks, Route: Inhalation (pMDI). Salmeterol 25mcg inhaler plus Roflumilast 500mcg tablet is a treatment arm for the study Control Intervention2: Tiotropium 9mcg inhaler: Dose: 9 mcg ( 2 inhalations of 9 mcg once daily) total dose 18 mcg per day for 24 weeks, Route: Inhaltion (pMDI). Tiotropium 9mcg inhalation plus ROflumilast 500mcg tablet is the treatment arm for the study. CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disorder with mild, moderate and Severe Condition. PRIMARY OUTCOME: The mean change in pre bronchodilator Forced Expiratory Volume in 1 second (FEV1) [as measured in the clinic/hospital by trained personnel] between the treatment arms from the baseline visit at the End of study (Week 24) and mean change in reduction of COPD exacerbations between the treatment arms from baseline visit at each post randomization visit [as measured from the patient dairy data in the clinic/hospital by trained personnel].‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: FEV1 at baseline visit 1 and at week 24 (end of study) SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1.Changes in Mean Forced Vital Capacity from randomization visit to each post randomization study visit during the treatment period obtained by the spirometry test. ; 2.Changes in Mean FEV1/ FVC ratio from randomization visit to each post randomization study visit during the treatment period obtained by the spirometry test.‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Visit 1, 2,3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9. INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1.Male or Female patients. 2.Age â?¥ 40 years and < 65 years. 3.Written Informed Consent 4.Patients diagnosed with COPD, confirmed by spirometry test at screening visit with the following lung function parameters ‐ â?¢FEV1 (post‐bronchodilator) between â?¥ 30% and < 80% â?¢ FEV1/FVC ratio (post‐bronchodilator) < 70% 5.Patients with background therapy for COPD like beta 2 adrenergic receptor agonists / muscarinic receptor antagonists / Xanthine class of drugs 6.Patients with background therapy of inhaled corticosteroids who on a stable dose since last 6 weeks without any COPD exacerbations requiring treatment with systemic corticosteroids and hospitalization; will continue to use the same dose of inhaled corticosteroids during the complete study period. 7.Patients who are on ongoing concomitant therapy of Salbutamol inhaler will continue the medication through out the
 Single inhaler triple therapy versus inhaled corticosteroid plus long-acting β2-agonist therapy for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (TRILOGY): a double-blind, parallel group, randomised controlled trial;  BACKGROUND: Few data are available for the efficacy of "triple therapy" with two long‐acting bronchodilators and an inhaled corticosteroid in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). We designed this study to assess efficacy of single‐inhaler combination of an extra fine formulation of beclometasone dipropionate, formoterol fumarate, and glycopyrronium bromide (BDP/FF/GB) in COPD compared with beclometasone dipropionate and formoterol fumarate (BDP/FF) treatment. METHODS: TRILOGY was a randomised, parallel group, double‐blind, active‐controlled study done in 159 sites across 14 countries. The sites were a mixture of primary, secondary, and tertiary care providers, and specialist investigation units. Eligible patients with COPD had post‐bronchodilator forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1) of lower than 50%, one or more moderate‐to‐severe COPD exacerbation in the previous 12 months, COPD Assessment Test total score of 10 or more, and a Baseline Dyspnea Index focal score of 10 or less. Patients who met the inclusion and exclusion criteria at screening entered a 2‐week open‐label run‐in period where they received beclometasone dipropionate (100 μg) and formoterol fumarate (6 μg) in two actuations twice daily. Patients were then randomly assigned (1:1) with an interactive response technology system to either continue BDP (100 μg) and FF (6 μg) or step‐up to BDP (100 μg), FF (6 μg), and GB (12·5 μg) in two actuations twice daily for 52 weeks via pressurised metered‐dose inhaler. The three co‐primary endpoints were pre‐dose FEV1, 2‐h post‐dose FEV1, and Transition Dyspnea Index (TDI) focal score, all measured at week 26 in the intention‐to‐treat population (all patients who were randomly assigned and received at least one dose of study drug and had at least one post‐baseline efficacy assessment). Safety outcomes were measured in the safety population (all patients who were randomly assigned and received at least one dose of study drug). Secondary endpoints included moderate‐to‐severe COPD exacerbation rate over 52 weeks. This study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT01917331. INTERPRETATION: We provide evidence for the clinical benefits of stepping up patients with COPD from an inhaled corticosteroid/long‐acting β2‐agonist combination treatment to triple therapy using a single inhaler. FUNDING: Chiesi Farmaceutici SpA. FINDINGS: Between March 21, 2014, and Jan 14, 2016, 1368 patients received either BDP/FF/GB (n=687) or BDP/FF (n=681). At week 26, BDP/FF/GB improved pre‐dose FEV1 by 0·081 L (95% CI 0·052‐0·109; p<0·001) and 2‐h post‐dose FEV1 by 0·117 L (0·086‐0·147; p<0·001) compared with BDP/FF. Mean TDI focal scores at week 26 were 1·71 for BDP/FF/GB and 1·50 for BDP/FF, with a difference of 0·21 (95% CI ‐0·08 to 0·51; p=0·160). Adjusted annual moderate‐to‐severe exacerbation frequencies were 0·41 for BDP/FF/GB and 0·53 for BDP/FF (rate ratio 0·77 [95% CI 0·65‐0·92]; p=0·005), corresponding to a 23% reduction in exacerbations with BDP/FF/GB compared with BDP/FF. Adverse events were reported by 368 (54%) patients with BDP/FF/GB and 379 (56%) with BDP/FF. One serious treatment‐related adverse event occurred (atrial fibrillation) in a patient in the BDP/FF/GB group.
 Single inhaler triple therapy versus inhaled corticosteroid plus long-acting β2-agonist therapy for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (TRILOGY): a double-blind, parallel group, randomised controlled trial;  Background Few data are available for the efficacy of “triple therapy” with two long‐acting bronchodilators and an inhaled corticosteroid in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). We designed this study to assess efficacy of single‐inhaler combination of an extra fine formulation of beclometasone dipropionate, formoterol fumarate, and glycopyrronium bromide (BDP/FF/GB) in COPD compared with beclometasone dipropionate and formoterol fumarate (BDP/FF) treatment. Methods TRILOGY was a randomised, parallel group, double‐blind, active‐controlled study done in 159 sites across 14 countries. The sites were a mixture of primary, secondary, and tertiary care providers, and specialist investigation units. Eligible patients with COPD had post‐bronchodilator forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1) of lower than 50%, one or more moderate‐to‐severe COPD exacerbation in the previous 12 months, COPD Assessment Test total score of 10 or more, and a Baseline Dyspnea Index focal score of 10 or less. Patients who met the inclusion and exclusion criteria at screening entered a 2‐week open‐label run‐in period where they received beclometasone dipropionate (100 μg) and formoterol fumarate (6 μg) in two actuations twice daily. Patients were then randomly assigned (1:1) with an interactive response technology system to either continue BDP (100 μg) and FF (6 μg) or step‐up to BDP (100 μg), FF (6 μg), and GB (12·5 μg) in two actuations twice daily for 52 weeks via pressurised metered‐dose inhaler. The three co‐primary endpoints were pre‐dose FEV1, 2‐h post‐dose FEV1, and Transition Dyspnea Index (TDI) focal score, all measured at week 26 in the intention‐to‐treat population (all patients who were randomly assigned and received at least one dose of study drug and had at least one post‐baseline efficacy assessment). Safety outcomes were measured in the safety population (all patients who were randomly assigned and received at least one dose of study drug). Secondary endpoints included moderate‐to‐severe COPD exacerbation rate over 52 weeks. This study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT01917331. Findings Between March 21, 2014, and Jan 14, 2016, 1368 patients received either BDP/FF/GB (n=687) or BDP/FF (n=681). At week 26, BDP/FF/GB improved pre‐dose FEV1 by 0·081 L (95% CI 0·052–0·109; p<0·001) and 2‐h post‐dose FEV1 by 0·117 L (0·086–0·147; p<0·001) compared with BDP/FF. Mean TDI focal scores at week 26 were 1·71 for BDP/FF/GB and 1·50 for BDP/FF, with a difference of 0·21 (95% CI −0·08 to 0·51; p=0·160). Adjusted annual moderate‐to‐severe exacerbation frequencies were 0·41 for BDP/FF/GB and 0·53 for BDP/FF (rate ratio 0·77 [95% CI 0·65–0·92]; p=0·005), corresponding to a 23% reduction in exacerbations with BDP/FF/GB compared with BDP/FF. Adverse events were reported by 368 (54%) patients with BDP/FF/GB and 379 (56%) with BDP/FF. One serious treatment‐related adverse event occurred (atrial fibrillation) in a patient in the BDP/FF/GB group. Interpretation We provide evidence for the clinical benefits of stepping up patients with COPD from an inhaled corticosteroid/long‐acting β2‐agonist combination treatment to triple therapy using a single inhaler. Funding Chiesi Farmaceutici SpA.
 Roflumilast treatment in COPD patients taking a fixed-dose combination of long-acting β2 agonist (LABA) and inhaled corticosteroid (ICS): rationale and design of a prospective randomized controlled trial;  Rationale Roflumilast is approved to reduce the risk of exacerbations in patients with severe COPD associated with chronic bronchitis and a history of exacerbations. Previous analyses found additive effects for roflumilast with LABAs or ICS individually, but not in combination to date. This phase 4 study aims to evaluate the efficacy and safety of oral roflumilast when added to fixed‐dose ICS/LABA combination treatment in severe‐to‐very‐severe COPD patients with a history of exacerbations. Methods This study is a multicenter, placebo‐controlled, parallel‐group trial (NCT01443845) consisting of a 2‐week single‐blind placebo run‐in phase followed by a 52‐week double‐blind treatment phase. Patients currently treated with fluticasone 250μg/salmeterol 50μg (1 puff BID) or budesonide 160μg/formoterol 4.5μg (2 puffs BID) for ≥3 months before study will be randomized (1:1) to either concomitant once‐daily roflumilast 500μg or placebo. Tiotropium will be allowed if used at stable doses before and during study. Patients must be ≥40 years old, have severe‐to‐very‐severe COPD, chronic productive cough, and ≥2 documented moderate or severe COPD exacerbations within 12 months before screening. The primary outcome is the moderate or severe COPD exacerbations rate per patient per year, analyzed using a negative binomial regression model, with number of exacerbations per patient as a dependent variable and treatment and stratum (LAMA, no‐LAMA) as independent variables. The key secondary outcome is change from randomization over 52‐weeks of treatment in prebronchodilator FEV1. Safety assessments include adverse event recording, vital signs, physical examinations, body weight, electrocardiographic, clinical laboratory measures, and Columbia‐suicide severity rating scale. Results Approximately 280 study centers in the United States and Canada began enrolling patients in September 2011. A sample size of 2300 randomized patients has 90% power to detect an 18% reduction in exacerbation rate with roflumilast vs placebo (2‐sided test at significance level of 0.05), based on assumptions of 1.35 exacerbations per patient per year in the placebo group and mean roflumilast exposure time of 287 days. The estimated study completion date is May 2014. Conclusions Previous clinical trial data showed that roflumilast reduced exacerbation rates and improved lung function in COPD patients taking concomitant SAMAs or LABAs, or ICS alone (post hoc analyses). A significant and sustained improvement in lung function was also observed with roflumilast when used with concomitant bronchodilator (LABA or LAMA) therapy. This phase 4 study will further characterize roflumilast's benefits when used in combination with other typical treatment regimens for COPD patients that include fixed‐dose combination LABA/ICS therapy.
 ANTES B+ Clinical Trial;  Current guidelines recommend initial treatment with dual long‐acting bronchodilator therapy (LABA‐LAMA) in patients with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) of group B (defined by CAT≥10 and none or 1 moderate exacerbation). However, the investigators hypothesize that there is a subgroup of B patients (B+) at a particularly high risk for poor clinical control, characterized by the following: ‐ 1 moderate exacerbation in the previous year ‐ CAT≥10 despite current treatment with LABA ‐LAMA ‐ Blood eosinophil levels of ≥150 cells/ml the investigators further hypothesize that B+ patients could benefit from triple therapy treatment (LABA‐LAMA + Inhaled Corticosteroids). Therefore, the main goal of this clinical trial is to compare the efficacy of Trelegy (triple therapy) in improving clinical control in GOLD B+ patients with chronic obstructive disease when compared to standard double therapy (LABA ‐LAMA). The clinical control is a validated composite endpoint that includes two domains, the patient's stability, and the impact of the disease. 1028 patients will be randomly allocated to receive either the standard therapy or Trelegy and will be monitored by the investigators for 1 year in 2 on‐site visits + 2 remote visits.
 Characterisation of exacerbation risk and exacerbator phenotypes in the POET-COPD trial;  BACKGROUND: Data examining the characteristics of patients with frequent exacerbations of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and associated hospitalisations and mortality are scarce. METHODS: Post‐hoc analysis of the Prevention Of Exacerbations with Tiotropium in COPD (POET‐COPD) trial, targeting exacerbations as the primary endpoint. Patients were classified as non‐, infrequent, and frequent exacerbators (0, 1, or ≥ 2 exacerbations during study treatment), irrespective of study treatment. A multivariate Cox regression model assessed the effect of covariates on time to first exacerbation. RESULTS: In total, 7376 patients were included in the analysis: 63.5% non‐exacerbators, 22.9% infrequent, 13.6% frequent exacerbators. Factors significantly associated with exacerbation risk were age, sex, body mass index, COPD duration and severity, smoking history, baseline inhaled corticosteroid use, and preceding antibiotic or systemic corticosteroid courses. Frequent exacerbators had greater severity and duration of COPD, received more pulmonary medication, and ≥ 2 systemic corticosteroid or antibiotic courses in the preceding year, and were more likely to be female and ex‐smokers. The small proportion of frequent exacerbators (13.6%) accounted for 56.6% of exacerbation‐related hospitalisations, which, overall, were associated with a three‐fold increase in mortality. CONCLUSION: The frequent exacerbator phenotype was closely associated with exacerbation‐related hospitalisations, and exacerbation‐related hospitalisations were associated with poorer survival. TRIAL REGISTRATION: NCT00563381; Study identifier: BI 205.389.
 GENETIC VARIANTS DO NOT PREDICT ACUTE COPD EXACERBATIONS OR TREATMENT RESPONSE TO FLUTICASONE FUROATE/UMECLIDINIUM/VILANTEROL (FF/UMEC/VI) AND ITS COMPONENTS;  SESSION TITLE: Obstructive Lung Disease Posters SESSION TYPE: Original Investigation Posters PRESENTED ON: October 18‐21, 2020 PURPOSE: Combination treatments, targeting multiple mechanisms, benefit subjects with acute exacerbation of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (AECOPD). However, predicting AECOPD and treatment response remains challenging. We investigated genetic effects on AECOPD and response to combination treatment with FF (an inhaled corticosteroid), UMEC (a long‐acting muscarinic antagonist), and VI (an ultra‐long‐acting ß2 adrenoreceptor agonist) and for each component. METHODS: The genetic basis of AECOPD (modelled as rate or risk) was evaluated in samples from 23 clinical studies (n=16,097 subjects) and 2 disease cohort studies (ECLIPSE (n=1,434) and COPDGene (n=2,310)), resulting in a total of 19,841 subjects. Pharmacogenetic (PGx) effects were tested in 8,439 subjects in study NCT02164513 with analysis of 5 co‐primary endpoints related to on‐treatment exacerbation rate, change from baseline in FEV1 or quality of life score and proportion of subjects with clinically important deterioration. PGx analyses were done within each of 3 treatment arms and 3 molecules. Post‐hoc PGx analyses were conducted stratifying by exacerbation history (single moderate, frequent moderate or ≥1 severe exacerbation in the year prior to study). Multiple testing was controlled at the genetic variant level, not by endpoint or arm/molecule. Significance thresholds were 5E‐8 in AECOPD, 2.5E‐8 in GWAS and 0.001 with candidate variants. Results from the PGx analysis were followed‐up in 2,201 subjects from NCT02345161, NCT01009463 and NCT01017952. Endpoints were analyzed using a generalized linear model assuming a negative binomial distribution, linear regression, or logistic regression, as appropriate. RESULTS: Nominal association with an intron variant in SCAPER was observed for AECOPD risk (p=7E‐08). In the PGx analysis, rs56195836 (MAPK8) was associated with moderate to severe exacerbation rate in subjects on FF with high baseline blood eosinophil counts (>150cells/µL) (p=1.8E‐8). When subjects were stratified by exacerbation history, 3 variants associated with exacerbation endpoints. In subjects with a history of frequent moderate exacerbations treated with FF/VI, rs1962343 (AZUI) associated with moderate to severe exacerbation rate (p=1.1E‐8). The ABCB1 variants, rs1128503 and rs2032582, associated with moderate to severe exacerbation rates in white subjects receiving UMEC (p=0.0003) or VI (p=0.0009), respectively, who experienced a single moderate exacrbation the year prior. However, none of these 4 signals replicated in the independent follow‐up sample cohort, so are not robust, generalizable effects. CONCLUSIONS: Common genetic variants do not play major roles in exacerbation risk or predict response to FF/UMEC/VI or its components in COPD. CLINICAL IMPLICATIONS: Common genetic variants are unlikely to have clinical utility in predicting FF/UMEC/VI response. DISCLOSURES: Employee relationship with GSK Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 05/27/2020 by Mathias CHIANO, source=Web Response, value=stock options Employee relationship with Parexel International Please note: >$100000 Added 05/22/2020 by Lynn Condreay, source=Web Response, value=Salary Own stock. relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: $1‐$1000 Added 05/22/2020 by Lynn Condreay, source=Web Response, value=Ownership interest Employee relationship with Glaxosmithkline Please note: >$100000 by Charles Cox, source=Admin input, value=Salary Former Employee/Stockholder relationship with Glaxosmithkline Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 05/22/2020 by Dana Fraser, source=Web Response, value=Stock Employee relationship with GSK Please note: >$100000 by Soumitra Ghosh, source=Admin input, value=Salary No relevant relationships by Joshua Hoffman, source=Admin input recently retired employee relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 by Louise Hosking, source=Admin input, value=shares Employee relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: >$100000 Added 05/22/2020 by David Lipson, source=Web Response, value=Salary Share holder relationship with GSK Please note: >$100000 Added 05/22/2020 by Neil Martin, source=Web Response, value=Salary Employee relationship with Parexel International Please note: >$100000 Added 05/20/2020 by Pamela StJean, source=Web Response, value=Salary Complementary worker relationship with GSK Please note: $1‐$1000 Added 05/20/2020 by Pamela StJean, source=Web Response, value=Parexel has a contract with GS Employee relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 05/22/2020 by Astrid Yeo, source=Web Response, value=Salary Stock holder relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 05/22/2020 by Astrid Yeo, source=Web Response, value=Stock
 Symptom improvement over time with umeclidinium/vilanterol versus monotherapy: a post-hoc analysis of the EMAX trial;  Introduction: Measuring symptom improvement over time can inform the appropriate timing of follow‐up assessments to monitor response to COPD treatment. Aims: This post‐hoc analysis of the Early MAXimization of bronchodilation for improving COPD stability (EMAX) trial compared early symptom improvement in response to umeclidinium/vilanterol (UMEC/VI), UMEC, or salmeterol (SAL) in inhaled corticosteroid‐free symptomatic patients with COPD at low exacerbation risk. Methods: This 24‐week double‐blind, parallel‐group trial randomised patients 1:1:1 to UMEC/VI 62.5/25 μg oncedaily, UMEC 62.5 μg once‐daily, or SAL 50 μg twice‐daily. Symptom improvements were evaluated at the population level by least squares mean change from baseline in Evaluation of Respiratory Symptoms (E‐RS) score and percentage of rescue‐free days weekly from Week 1 to 8 (post hoc) and at Weeks 21‐24. Results: Adjusted mean weekly E‐RS total score and rescue medication use improved rapidly and consistently from Week 1 to 8 with all treatments (Figure). Statistically significant treatment differences favouring UMEC/VI were maintained throughout treatment, with similar between‐treatment differences at Weeks 4, 8 and 21‐24. Conclusion: The added symptomatic benefits of UMEC/VI versus UMEC or SAL were apparent at Week 1, fully established by Week 4, and sustained over 24 weeks. (Figure Presented).
 Improvements in lung function with umeclidinium/vilanterol analysed by reversibility at screening: a post hoc analysis of the EMAX trial;  Background: In COPD, associations between bronchodilator reversibility and longer‐term response to bronchodilators are unclear. Aim: To investigate lung function response to long‐acting bronchodilators (LABD) across a range of short‐term reversibility to a short‐acting bronchodilator in symptomatic patients with COPD not using inhaled corticosteroids. Methods: The 24‐week, double‐blind EMAX trial randomised patients to umeclidinium/vilanterol (UMEC/VI) 62.5/25 μg once‐daily, UMEC 62.5 μg once‐daily, or salmeterol 50 μg twice‐daily. Bronchodilator reversibility was measured once at screening and defined as an increase in FEV1 ≥200 mL 10‐30 minutes post salbutamol. Change from baseline in trough FEV1 at Week 24 was assessed post hoc by fractional polynomial modelling with continuous transformations of reversibility at screening. Results: At screening 613/2425 patients were reversible. Patients with higher reversibility had greater improvements in trough FEV1 with all treatments (figure). Across the range of reversibility, patients receiving UMEC/VI had greater improvements in trough FEV1 compared with patients receiving UMEC or SAL. Conclusion: There is a positive association between short‐term reversibility and improvement in FEV1 in response to LABD. FEV1 improvements were greater with UMEC/VI versus monotherapy irrespective of reversibility. (Figure Presented).
 Pharmacokinetic interaction of glycopyrronium bromide pMDI and formoterol pMDI: a randomized, openlabel, single-dose, 4way crossover study;  Background: As part of the development program for an inhaled triple combination (CHF 5993 pMDI) as a twice‐daily therapy for the treatment of COPD and asthma, with extrafine inhaled corticosteroid, Glycopyrronium bromide (GB), and Formoterol Fumarate (FF), this study investigated the pharmacokinetic (PK) interaction between GB and formoterol, the bronchodilator components of the combination. Methods: This was a randomized, openlabel, placebo controlled, single‐dose, 4way crossover study in healthy volunteers. They received a single dose of GB (total dose 100 μg) and FF (total dose 24 μg, Atimos®) as free combination (Test) or as single components (References). Results: 44 subjects, mean age (range) 42.3 years (20‐65), 39% males, were randomised. GB had no impact on Formoterol exposure since the 90% CI of the geometric mean ratio for Formoterol Cmax and AUCt were within the equivalence interval of 80‐125%. Similarly, the 90% CI for GB AUCt was within the pre‐defined range. Higher maximum GB exposure (Cmax P.E. 119%, 90% CI 105%134%) was observed after administration of the free combination in comparison with GB alone. However the higher exposure to GB immediately after inhalation was transient as indicated by the AUC0‐30min confidence intervals which were within the 80125% equivalence limits. In addition comparable cardiovascular profiles between treatments were observed. Conclusion: Study results supported the absence of clinically relevant pharmacokinetic interactions between extrafine GB and FF. The administered treatments were safe and well tolerated.
 ENSIFENTRINE REDUCES COPD SYMPTOMS AND RESCUE MEDICATION USE OVER 24 WEEKS IN TWO PHASE 3 TRIALS IN SYMPTOMATIC PATIENTS WITH MODERATE TO SEVERE COPD;  SESSION TITLE: Latest Advances in Management of Obstructive Lung Disease SESSION TYPE: Rapid Fire Original Inv PRESENTED ON: 10/09/2023 12:00 pm ‐ 12:45 pm PURPOSE: Ensifentrine is a first‐in‐class, inhaled dual inhibitor of phosphodiesterase (PDE)3 and PDE4 with demonstrated bronchodilation and anti‐inflammatory effects. This abstract reports on ENHANCE‐1 (NCT04535986) and ENHANCE‐2 (NCT04542057), two Phase 3 trials of nebulized ensifentrine in COPD. METHODS: Two Phase 3, 24‐week, multi‐center, randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trials were performed to evaluate nebulized ensifentrine‐3mg twice‐daily (BID) compared to placebo in subjects aged 40‐80 years with symptomatic moderate to severe COPD (post‐bronchodilator FEV1 30–70% predicted, FEV1/FVC ratio <0.7, ≥2 mMRC, and smoking history ≥10 pack‐years. Stable background maintenance bronchodilator medication was permitted (LABA or LAMA, ±ICS). Primary endpoint was change from baseline to Week 12 average FEV1 AUC0‐12h. Evaluating‐Respiratory Symptoms (E‐RS Total Score) and rescue medication use were collected via daily eDiary. Symptom endpoints included the change from baseline in E‐RS Total Score, weekly rescue medication use (mean daily puffs over a week) and Transitional Dyspnea Index (TDI) at Weeks 6, 12 and 24. RESULTS: In ENHANCE‐1 and ENHANCE‐2 there were 760 (ensifentrine n=477, placebo n=283) and 789 (ensifentrine n=498, placebo n=291) treated subjects, respectively ENHANCE‐1 & ENHANCE‐2 had respectively 42% and 52% female subjects;57% & 55% current smokers; 69% and 55% of subjects taking background long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) or long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA), including 18% and 15% taking inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) with their bronchodilator. Baseline E‐RS Total score, Baseline Dyspnea Index and rescue medication use was similar between ensifentrine and placebo‐treated subjects. Treatment with ensifentrine resulted in consistent improvements from baseline in E‐RS Total Score, TDI and rescue medication use vs placebo at Weeks 6, 12 and 24. At Week 24, the E‐RS Total Score (ENHANCE‐1: ‐1.0 [95%CI: ‐1.7, ‐0.2]; ENHANCE‐2: ‐0.6 [95%CI: ‐1.4, 0.2]), TDI (ENHANCE‐1: 1.0 [95%CI: 0.6, 1.5]; ENHANCE‐2: 0.9 [95%CI: 0.4, 1.4]) and weekly rescue medication use (ENHANCE‐1: ‐0.45 [95%CI: ‐0.70, ‐0.20]; ENHANCE‐2: ‐0.14 [95%CI: ‐0.41, 0.14] were improved vs placebo. CONCLUSIONS: Over 24 weeks, the ENHANCE trials demonstrated consistent improvements in COPD symptoms in ensifentrine‐treated subjects compared to placebo, including statistically significant improvements in dyspnea at all weeks, and reduction in daily rescue medication use. In these studies, ensifentrine has demonstrated early and sustained, clinically meaningful improvements in COPD symptoms in a broad moderate to severe COPD population, with >50% subjects taking background COPD therapy. CLINICAL IMPLICATIONS: Ensifentrine demonstrated early and sustained, clinically meaningful improvements in COPD symptoms in a broad moderate to severe COPD population, with >50% subjects taking background COPD therapy. DISCLOSURES: Consultant relationship with Verona Pharma Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 by Thomas Bengtsson, value=Consulting fee Employee relationship with Verona pharma Please note: >$100000 by Tara Rheault, value=Stock Employee relationship with Verona Pharma Plc Please note: >$100000 by Kathleen Rickard, value=Salary Grant Support relationship with Gala Therapeutics, Inc Please note: 9/2018‐Present by Frank Sciurba, value=Grant/Research Support Grant Support relationship with Pulmonx Please note: 9/2014‐Present by Frank Sciurba, value=Grant/Research Support Grant Support relationship with Nuvaira, Inc Please note: 5/2018‐Present by Frank Sciurba, value=Grant/Research Support Grant Support relationship with PCORI Please note: 6/2019‐Present by Frank Sciurba, value=Grant/Research Support Grant Support relationship with PneumRx Please note: 10/2012 by Frank Sciurba, value=Grant/Research Support Grant Support relationship with American Lung Assosciation Please note: 7/2021‐Present by Frank Sciurba, value=Grant/Research Support Grant Support relationship with Gala Therapeutics, Inc Please note: 9/2019‐Present by Frank Sciurba, value=Grant/Research Support Grant Support relationship with PneumRx Please note: 10/2013‐Present by Frank Sciurba, value=Grant/Research Support Grant Support relationship with ResMed Corp Please note: 8/2018‐Present by Frank Sciurba, value=Grant/Research Support Grant Support relationship with Regeneron/Sanofi US Services, Inc Please note: 5/2018‐Present Added 04/10/2023 by Frank Sciurba, value=Grant/Research Support Advisory Committee Member relationship with Glaxosmithkline (GSK) Please note: 2/2023 Added 04/10/2023 by Frank Sciurba, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Grant Support relationship with Verona Pharma Please note: 4/2019‐Present Added 04/10/2023 by Frank Sciurba, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Grant Support relationship with AstraZeneca Please note: 2/2020‐Present Added 04/10/2023 by Frank Sciurba, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support
 Glycopyrrolate/formoterol fumarate metered dose inhaler for maintenance-naïve patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a post-hoc analysis of the randomized PINNACLE trials;  BACKGROUND: Glycopyrrolate (GP)/formoterol fumarate (FF; GFF) metered dose inhaler is a fixed‐dose combination dual bronchodilator for patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD); however, whether the efficacy in patients without current maintenance treatment is consistent with currently maintenance‐treated patients is unclear. METHODS: Data from patients who were not maintenance‐treated at screening (NMT) (n = 1943) and patients who were maintenance‐treated at screening (MT) patients (n = 3040) receiving GFF, FF, GP, or placebo were pooled from the Phase III PINNACLE studies (NCT01854645, NCT01854658, NCT02343458) for post‐hoc analysis. MT patients had received long‐acting bronchodilators and/or inhaled corticosteroids in the 30 days prior to screening, and/or prior to randomization. NMT patients had received short‐acting bronchodilators or no treatment. Outcomes included forced expiratory volume over 1 s (FEV1), clinically important deterioration (CID), rescue medication use, and safety. RESULTS: GFF provided significant lung function improvements at Week 24 versus placebo, GP, and FF for NMT patients, with pre‐dose trough FEV1 treatment differences of 152 (117‐188) mL, 73 (45‐100) mL, and 56 (29‐84) mL, respectively (least squares mean change from baseline versus comparators [95% CI]; all P < 0.0001). GFF reduced the risk of CID by 17‐43% in NMT (P ≤ 0.0157) and 18‐52% (P ≤ 0.0012) in MT patients compared with monotherapy and placebo, and reduced rescue medication use by 1.5 puffs/day over 24 weeks for both cohorts. Safety profiles for all cohorts were consistent with each other and the parent studies. CONCLUSIONS: NMT patients achieved better lung function with GFF versus monotherapy and placebo, without increased safety risk. Dual bronchodilator therapy may offer better outcomes than monotherapy for COPD patients when administered as first‐line treatment.
 Efficacy of aclidinium/formoterol: pooled post hoc analysis of patients naïve to COPD maintenance therapy;  Background: ACLIFORM (NCT01462942) and AUGMENT (NCT01437397) were 24‐week, randomized, double‐blind, Phase III studies of aclidinium/formoterol (AB/FF) BID in patients with COPD. Aim: This pooled post hoc analysis investigated the efficacy of AB/FF vs placebo (PBO) and monocomponents in patients naïve to maintenance therapy. Methods: Patients were included if they had no prior long‐acting bronchodilator or inhaled corticosteroid therapy and were randomized to receive AB/FF 400/12 μg, AB 400 μg, FF 12 μg or PBO BID. Assessments were change from baseline in 1‐hr morning post‐dose FEV , improvement in Transition Dyspnoea Index (TDI) score (both at Week 24), change from baseline in daily symptoms (Evaluating‐Respiratory Symptoms [E‐RS] total score) and change from baseline in early‐morning and nighttime symptom severity (all over 24 weeks). Results: Data for 1339 patients were analyzed (mean age: 62.0 y; 50.8% predicted FEV ). AB/FF provided improvements in 1‐hr morning post‐dose FEV and TDI vs PBO, AB and FF at Week 24 (all p<0.05). AB/FF also improved E‐RS total score vs PBO, AB and FF (all p<0.05) and early‐morning and nighttime symptom severities vs PBO and AB (both p<0.05) (Table). Conclusion: This post hoc analysis demonstrates that AB/FF 400/12 μg provides greater improvements in lung function and symptoms vs monocomponents and PBO in patients with COPD who are naïve to maintenance therapy..
 Effects of Single Inhaler Combinations of Extrafine Beclometasone Dipropionate, Formoterol Fumarate Plus Glycopyrronium (BDP/FF/G) and Extrafine Beclometasone Dipropionate Plus Formoterol Fumarate (BDP/FF) on Lung Hyperinflation and Exercise Endurance Time in Subjects With COPD;  Rationale: There are no published studies characterizing the effect of a single inhaler triple combination of corticosteroid, long‐acting β2‐agonist and muscarinic antagonist on exercise tolerance. This study compared the effect of BDP/F/GB 100/6/10 μg/actuation, BDP/FF 100/6 μg/actuation and placebo, administered as 2 inhalations twice daily for 3 weeks via pressurised metered dose inhalers on lung hyperinflation and exercise endurance time (EET) in subjects with moderate‐to‐severe COPD. Methods: This was a phase 4, randomized double‐blind, 3‐period cross‐over, placebo‐controlled study in symptomatic patients with moderate‐severe COPD and evidence of hyperinflation on stable mono or dual inhaled maintenance COPD treatment. The primary endpoint was the change from baseline in 2‐hour post‐dose inspiratory capacity (IC) at the end of each 3‐week treatment. Key‐secondary endpoints included the change from baseline in IC at isotime (shortest EET at either the start or end of each treatment period) and the 2‐hour post‐dose EET. Pre‐dose and 2‐hour post‐dose spirometry were performed at the beginning and end of each period. Following incremental exercise test (IET) using a computer‐driven cycle spiro‐ergometer during the run‐in period to determine peak work rate (Wmax), subjects performed constant work rate exercise test at 80% Wmax of IET (pre‐dose at start and 2‐hour post‐dose at end of treatment period). Safety was assessed through adverse events monitoring and vital signs. Results: One hundred and six subjects (38% females) were enrolled. BDP/FF/G showed improvement vs. placebo in both change from baseline in 2‐hour post‐dose IC [0.315 L (95% CI: 0.250, 0.380), p<0.001] and IC at isotime [0.245 L (95% CI: 0.147, 0.342), p<0.001]. BDP/FF demonstrated improvement in 2‐hour post‐dose IC [0.223 L (95% CI: 0.160, 0.285), p<0.001], but not for IC at isotime [0.096 L (95% CI: ‐0.001, 0.193), p=0.053]. An improvement with BDP/FF/G vs. BDP/FF was observed in both IC 2‐hour post dose [0.092 L (95% CI: 0.028, 0.157), p=0.005] and IC at isotime [0.149 L (95% CI: 0.052, 0.246), p=0.003]. Both active treatments showed comparable improvement above placebo in terms of change from baseline in 2‐hour post‐dose EET [69.2 seconds (95% CI: 32.9, 105.5) and 70.1 seconds (95% CI: 33.6, 106.6), respectively, both p<0.001]. No safety signals were reported. Conclusions: In patients with symptomatic moderate to severe COPD, BDP/FF/G resulted in greater reduction in static and dynamic hyperinflation compared to BDP/FF and Placebo and both BDP/FF/G and BDP/FF improved exercise endurance time compared to placebo. (ClinicalTrials.gov ID: NCT05097014).
 Analysis of a composite endpoint of exacerbation and early study treatment withdrawal in symptomatic patients with COPD free of inhaled corticosteroids: a post hoc analysis of the Emax trial;  Rationale: In chronic obstructive pulmonary disorder (COPD) clinical trials, differential withdrawal rates between treatment groups can cause bias due to the healthy survivor population increasing with time. This may lead to an underestimation of the benefits of investigational treatment. This post hoc analysis of the Early MAXimization of bronchodilation for improving COPD stability (EMAX) trial examined whether there were differential treatment withdrawal rates between treatment groups and if a composite endpoint of exacerbation and treatment withdrawal would better capture treatment benefits than the individual endpoints. Methods: This 24‐week, double‐blind, parallel‐group trial randomized patients with symptomatic COPD and ≤1 moderate and no severe COPD exacerbations in the past year who were not receiving inhaled corticosteroids to umeclidinium/vilanterol (UMEC/VI) 62.5/25 mcg once daily, UMEC 62.5 mcg once daily, or salmeterol (SAL) 50 mcg twice daily. Time‐to‐first moderate or severe exacerbation was analyzed a priori. Time to study treatment withdrawal and the composite endpoint of time‐to‐first moderate or severe exacerbation or time to study treatment withdrawal were analyzed post hoc. Hazard ratios (HR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) were calculated using a Cox proportional hazards model with covariates of treatment, number of bronchodilators during run‐in, and geographical region. Results: A total of 375/2425 (15%) patients withdrew from study treatment. The most frequent reasons for treatment withdrawal included removal of patient consent, adverse events, lack of efficacy, and meeting a protocol‐defined stopping rule (including two moderate or one severe COPD exacerbation). A post hoc analysis demonstrated a significantly lower risk of premature study treatment withdrawal with UMEC/VI compared with UMEC and SAL (Figure). On treatment, a moderate or severe exacerbation was experienced by a smaller proportion of patients receiving UMEC/VI compared with UMEC or SAL. The risk of a first exacerbation was numerically lower for UMEC/VI compared with UMEC, and significantly lower for UMEC/VI compared with SAL. The composite endpoint of reduced risk of exacerbation and study treatment withdrawal was significantly reduced with UMEC/VI compared with UMEC (HR [95% CI]: 0.67 [0.55, 0.82]) and SAL (HR [95% CI]: 0.68 [0.56, 0.83]). The treatment difference between UMEC/VI and UMEC was greater with the composite endpoint compared with exacerbations alone (Figure). Conclusion: A combined composite endpoint of exacerbation and early study treatment withdrawal may better capture overall treatment benefits in patients with symptomatic COPD than the individual endpoints alone.(Table Presented).
 Impact of baseline COPD symptom severity on the benefit from dual versus mono-bronchodilators: an analysis of the EMAX randomised controlled trial;  Rationale: Symptom relief is a key treatment goal in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). However, there are limited data available on the response to bronchodilator therapy in patients at low risk of exacerbations with different levels of symptom severity. This study compared treatment responses in patients with a range of symptom severities as indicated by baseline COPD assessment test (CAT) scores. Methods: The 24‐week EMAX trial evaluated the benefits of umeclidinium/vilanterol versus umeclidinium or salmeterol in symptomatic patients at low exacerbation risk who were not receiving inhaled corticosteroids. This analysis assessed lung function, symptoms, health status, and short‐term deterioration outcomes in subgroups defined by a baseline CAT score [<20 (post hoc) and ⩾20 (pre‐specified)]. Outcomes were also assessed using post hoc fractional polynomial modelling with continuous transformations of baseline CAT score covariates. Results: Of the intent‐to‐treat population (n = 2425), 56% and 44% had baseline CAT scores of <20 and ⩾20, respectively. Umeclidinium/vilanterol demonstrated favourable improvements compared with umeclidinium and salmeterol for the majority of outcomes irrespective of the baseline CAT score, with the greatest improvements generally observed in patients with CAT scores <20. Fractional polynomial analyses revealed consistent improvements in lung function, symptoms and reduction in rescue medication use with umeclidinium/vilanterol versus umeclidinium and salmeterol across a range of CAT scores, with the largest benefits seen in patients with CAT scores of approximately 10–21. Conclusions: Patients with symptomatic COPD benefit similarly from dual bronchodilator treatment with umeclidinium/vilanterol. Fractional polynomial analyses demonstrated the greatest treatment differences favouring dual therapy in patients with a CAT score <20, although benefits were seen up to scores of 30. This suggests that dual bronchodilation may be considered as initial therapy for patients across a broad range of symptom severities, not only those with severe symptoms (CAT ⩾20). Trial registration: NCT03034915, 2016‐002513‐22 (EudraCT number). The reviews of this paper are available via the supplemental material section.
 TOLERABILITY, SAFETY, AND LUNG FUNCTION RESPONSE OF REVEFENACIN AND FORMOTEROL VIA NEBULIZATION IN PATIENTS WITH MODERATE TO VERY SEVERE COPD: a SUBGROUP ANALYSIS OF A PHASE 3 TRIAL;  SESSION TITLE: Obstructive Lung Disease Posters SESSION TYPE: Original Investigation Posters PRESENTED ON: October 18‐21, 2020 PURPOSE: No nebulized form of a long‐acting dual bronchodilator exists for patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). With the approval of once‐daily, long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) revefenacin (REV), it may be possible to deliver a LAMA and a long‐acting β‐agonist (LABA) via a standard jet nebulizer. These prespecified and post hoc analyses assessed the safety and efficacy of REV 175 µg administered sequentially before or combined with formoterol (FOR) 20 µg via a standard jet nebulizer, in subgroups of patients with moderate to very severe COPD defined by certain demographic and clinical characteristics. METHODS: In study 0167, a randomized, double‐blind, phase 3, 42‐day trial (NCT03573817), 122 patients were randomized to receive REV (n=63) or placebo (PBO) (n=59), then FOR in the morning and evening for 21 days (sequential administration), all via a standard jet nebulizer. Patients continued treatments for an additional 21 days. However, the morning treatments, REV or PBO, and FOR, were given together as mixed solutions in a single nebulization and FOR alone was given in the evening (combined administration). Adverse events (AEs), serious AEs (SAEs), discontinuations, deaths, and trough forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) changes versus baseline were assessed in the following subgroups: smoking status, age, current inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) use, reversibility to a short‐acting bronchodilator (ipratropium), and 2017 Global Initiative for Chronic Obstructive Lung Disease grade 3 and 4 patients. RESULTS: Patients (mean age, 64 yrs; 57% men; 95% white; 57% smokers) had an FEV1 of 55% predicted; 24% were on ICS. The proportion of AEs by subgroups were low (range: 0%–20%). Across all subgroups, exacerbation/worsening of COPD, cough, and dizziness were the most common AEs, with more AEs reported in the PBO subgroups. No AEs led to discontinuation in the REV subgroups, and there were no SAEs or deaths in the study. In general, the trough FEV1 response across all subgroups was greater in patients treated with REV and FOR (sequential, range: 66.0 to 253.5 mL; combined, range: 63.1 to 170.5 mL) versus FOR alone (sequential, range: −37.3 to 116.6 mL; combined, range: −19.5 to 86.2 mL). The least squares mean differences in FEV1 were smaller in former smokers and patients who were not reversible to ipratropium versus other subgroups. CONCLUSIONS: Across all subgroups, REV, administered sequentially before or combined with FOR via a standard jet nebulizer, had a tolerability profile similar to FOR alone. These results indicate that once‐daily REV can be safely administered either immediately before, or directly combined with FOR via a standard jet nebulizer for up to 21 days. CLINICAL IMPLICATIONS: Sequential or combined delivery of a LAMA and LABA via a standard jet nebulizer could be a treatment option for patients with COPD. DISCLOSURES: Employee relationship with Srpuce biosciences Please note: >$100000 Added 04/15/2020 by chris barnes, source=Web Response, value=Salary Employee relationship with Theravance Biopharma Please note: >$100000 Added 04/30/2020 by Glenn Crater, source=Web Response, value=Salary Own Stock relationship with Theravance Biopharma Please note: >$100000 Added 04/30/2020 by Glenn Crater, source=Web Response, value=Ownership Employee relationship with Theravance Biopharma Please note: >$100000 by Edmund Moran, source=Admin input, value=Stock Consultant relationship with Forest, Please note: $1‐$1000 Added 04/07/2020 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Removed 04/07/2020 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response Grant/Research Support relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: >$100000 Added 04/15/2020 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with Pearl Please note: >$100000 Added 04/15/2020 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with Theravance Biopharma US, Inc. Please note: >$100000 Added 04/15/2020 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with Novartis Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 04/15/2020 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with Chiesi USA Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 04/15/2020 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with West‐Ward Please note: >$100000 Added 04/15/2020 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with Seer, Inc. Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 04/15/2020 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with CompleWare Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 04/15/2020 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with Sanofi Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 04/15/2020 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with Evidera Please note: >$100000 Added 04/15/2020 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with Novum Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 04/15/2020 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with Cipla Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 04/15/2020 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with ResTORbio Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 04/15/2020 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with Sunovion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 04/15/2020 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 04/15/2020 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Speaker/Speaker's relationship with Sunovion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 04/15/2020 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with Mylan Inc./Theravance Biopharma US, Inc. Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 04/15/2020 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Consultant relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 04/15/2020 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Consultant relationship with AstraZeneca Please note: $1‐$1000 Added 04/15/2020 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee
 A Two-Period Open-Label, Single-Dose Crossover Study in Healthy Volunteers to Evaluate the Drug–Drug Interaction Between Cimetidine and Inhaled Extrafine CHF 5993;  Background and Objectives: CHF 5993 is an extrafine ‘triple therapy’ combination of the long‐acting muscarinic antagonist glycopyrronium bromide (GB), the long‐acting β2‐agonist formoterol fumarate (FF), and the inhaled corticosteroid beclometasone dipropionate (BDP). It is in development for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and asthma delivered via pressurised metered‐dose inhaler. Methods: This two‐period, open‐label, crossover study examined the drug–drug interaction of CHF 5993 and cimetidine. In one period, subjects received cimetidine 800 mg twice daily for 6 days; on the fourth day they also received CHF 5993 (BDP/FF/GB 400/24/100 µg). In the other, they received CHF 5993 alone. Primary objective was to compare the area under the plasma concentration–time curve from time 0 to last quantifiable concentration (AUC0–t) of GB, with and without cimetidine. Secondary endpoints included GB AUC0–12h, maximum concentration (Cmax), time to Cmax (tmax), elimination half‐life (t½) and urinary excretion. Pharmacokinetic parameters of BDP, beclometasone‐17‐monopropionate (B17MP; active metabolite of BDP) and formoterol were also evaluated. Results: Twenty‐six subjects were randomised; 25 completed. Co‐administration of CHF 5993 and cimetidine resulted in small, statistically significant increases in GB AUC0–t, AUC0–12h and Cmax vs CHF 5993 (ratios 1.16, 1.21 and 1.26, respectively); t½, tmax and urinary excretion were unaffected. There were small, statistically significant increases in formoterol AUC0–t, AUC0–24h and t½ following co‐administration of cimetidine and CHF 5993; urinary excretion was unaffected. There were no significant differences for either BDP or B17MP. There were few adverse events (AEs), and no serious AEs. Conclusions: Overall, this study indicates that there is no clinically relevant drug–drug interaction between CHF 5993 and cimetidine.
 BUDESONIDE/GLYCOPYRROLATE/FORMOTEROL FUMARATE METERED DOSE INHALER, FORMULATED USING CO-SUSPENSION DELIVERY TECHNOLOGY, IMPROVES LUNG FUNCTION AND EXACERBATION OUTCOMES IN PATIENTS WITH COPD WITHOUT A RECENT HISTORY OF EXACERBATIONS: SUBGROUP ANALYSIS OF KRONOS STUDY;  SESSION TITLE: Late Breaking Abstracts SESSION TYPE: Original Investigations PRESENTED ON: 10/23/2019 10:45 AM ‐ 11:45 AM PURPOSE: In the Phase 3, double‐blind, parallel‐group, KRONOS study (NCT02497001; Ferguson et al Lancet Respir Med 2018), the triple fixed‐dose combination budesonide/glycopyrrolate/formoterol fumarate metered dose inhaler (BGF MDI) improved lung function and exacerbations vs dual therapies in patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD. These patients were not required to have had prior exacerbations. We conducted a post‐hoc subgroup analysis in patients who had no exacerbations in the previous year. METHODS: Patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD and a COPD Assessment Test score ≥10 were randomized 2:2:1:1 to BGF MDI 320/18/9.6μg, glycopyrrolate/formoterol fumarate (GFF) MDI 18/9.6μg, budesonide/formoterol fumarate (BFF) MDI 320/9.6μg, or open‐label budesonide/formoterol fumarate dihydrate dry‐powder inhaler (BUD/FORM DPI) 400/12μg (metered doses; 2 inhalations twice daily for 24 weeks). This post‐hoc analysis included the KRONOS co‐primary endpoints (change from baseline in morning pre‐dose trough forced expiratory volume in 1 second [FEV1] and FEV1 area under the curve from 0 to 4 hours [AUC0‐4]), and the annualized rate of moderate/severe COPD exacerbations. Any p values <0.05 in this subgroup analysis are considered nominally significant. RESULTS: In total, 74.4% (1411/1896) of patients in the KRONOS modified intent‐to‐treat population had no recent exacerbation history (mean age 65.5 years; 72.8% male; 69.9% used inhaled corticosteroids at screening). At Week 24, change from baseline in morning pre‐dose trough FEV1 was significantly improved with BGF MDI vs BFF MDI (LSM difference [95% CI] 83mL [52–115]; p<0.0001) and BUD/FORM DPI (46mL [15–78]; p=0.0043) but not vs GFF MDI (5mL [‐21–31]; p=0.6876). BGF MDI significantly improved FEV1 AUC0–4 at Week 24 vs BFF MDI (LSM difference [95% CI] 133mL [91–175]; p<0.0001) and BUD/FORM DPI (86mL [44–128]; p<0.0001) but not vs GFF MDI (2mL [‐36–32]; p=0.9011). The adjusted annualized rate of moderate/severe exacerbations was 0.41, 0.80, 0.42, and 0.47 for BGF MDI, GFF MDI, BFF MDI and BUD/FORM DPI, respectively. BGF MDI significantly reduced the rate of moderate/severe exacerbations vs GFF MDI (treatment incidence rate ratio [95% CI] 0.52 [0.37–0.72]; p=0.0001) but not vs BFF MDI and BUD/FORM DPI. CONCLUSIONS: In this subgroup analysis of patients with no moderate/severe exacerbations in the previous year, BGF MDI improved lung function vs BFF MDI and reduced the rate of COPD exacerbations vs GFF MDI. Results were consistent with the findings in the overall KRONOS study population demonstrating that the exacerbation benefits in KRONOS were not driven by patients with a recent exacerbation history. CLINICAL IMPLICATIONS: The benefit of BGF MDI triple therapy on COPD exacerbations vs LAMA/LABA dual therapy in the KRONOS study was evident in patients who had not had an exacerbation in the previous year. DISCLOSURES: Employee relationship with AstraZeneca Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 06/24/2019 by Magnus Aurivillius, source=Admin input, value=Salary Employee relationship with Astrazeneca Please note: >$100000 Added 06/21/2019 by Shaila Ballal, source=Web Response, value=Salary Employee relationship with AstraZeneca Please note: >$100000 Added 06/25/2019 by Eric Bourne, source=Web Response, value=Salary Employee relationship with AstraZeneca Please note: >$100000 Added 06/21/2019 by Patrick Darken, source=Web Response, value=Stock Employee relationship with AstraZeneca Please note: >$100000 Added 06/21/2019 by Kiernan DeAngelis, source=Web Response, value=Salary Employee relationship with AstraZeneca Please note: >$100000 Added 06/21/2019 by Paul Dorinsky, source=Web Response, value=Salary Advisory Committee Member relationship with Astra Zeneca Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 06/24/2019 by Gary Ferguson, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with Asgra Zeneca Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 06/24/2019 by Gary Ferguson, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Removed 06/24/2019 by Gary Ferguson, source=Web Response Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with Astra Zeneca Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 06/24/2019 by Gary Ferguson, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Scientific Medical Advisor relationship with Astra Zeneca Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 06/24/2019 by Gary Ferguson, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Advisory Committee Member relationship with Boehringer Ingelheim Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 06/24/2019 by Gary Ferguson, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with Boehringer Ingelheim Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 06/24/2019 by Gary Ferguson, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Advisory Committee Member relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 06/24/2019 by Gary Ferguson, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 06/24/2019 by Gary Ferguson, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Advisory Committee Member relationship with Verona Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 06/24/2019 by Gary Ferguson, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with Sunovion Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 06/27/2019 by Gary Ferguson, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with Theravance Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 06/27/2019 by Gary Ferguson, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Consultant relationship with AstraZeneca Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 03/14/2019 by Fernando Martinez, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Consultant relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 03/14/2019 by Fernando Martinez, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Consultant relationship with Boehringer Ingelheim Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 03/14/2019 by Fernando Martinez, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Consultant relationship with Chiesi Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 03/14/2019 by Fernando Martinez, source=Web Response, value=Travel Consultant relationship with Sunovion Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 03/14/2019 by Fernando Martinez, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Consultant relationship with teva Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 03/14/2019 by Fernando Martinez, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Employee relationship with AstraZeneca Please note: >$100000 Added 06/21/2019 by Colin Reisner, source=Web Response, value=Salary and Company Stock
 A Clinical Evaluation of the RheOx Bronchial Rheoplasty System for the Treatment of the Symptoms of Chronic Bronchitis in Adult Patients with COPD;  INTERVENTION: Bronchoscopic bronchial Rheoplasthy treatment CONDITION: ; Chronic bronchitis 10038716 PRIMARY OUTCOME: The primary efficacy endpoint is the mean change from baseline to Month 6 in ; the COPD Assessment Test (CAT) total score.; SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary efficacy endpoints include both objective measures and subjective, ; patient reported measures. ; Objective Measures: ; • Change from baseline to Month 6 in distal airway volume (DAV) at expiration ; as determined by an independent core lab ; • Rate of moderate and severe COPD exacerbations through Month 12, excluding ; the two 30‐day treatment recovery periods ; ; Patient Reported Outcome Measures: ; • CAT: ; mean total scores at months 3 and 12 ; responder analyses at months 3, 6, and 12 ; • CAT Components 1 and 2, and their sum: mean total scores and responder ; analyses at months 3, 6, and 12 ; • SGRQ: mean total scores and responder analyses at months 6 and 12 ; • CASA‐Q: mean total scores in each domain at months 6 and 12 ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Patient is at least 35 years of age. 2. Patient has chronic bronchitis, defined as productive cough for three months in each of two successive years, whereas other causes of productive cough have been ruled out. 3. Patient has a CAT score >= 10. 4. Patient has an SGRQ score >= 25. 5. Patient*s responses to the first two questions of the CAT instrument sum to >= 7 points or the sum is 6 points and the patient*s total CAT score is > 20 points. 6. Patient has FEV1/FVC < 0.7. 7. Patient has a pre‐procedure post‐bronchodilator FEV1 percent predicted of >= 30%. 8. Patient is receiving guideline directed pharmacotherapy which includes one or more long acting bronchodilator (LAMA, LABA) with or without an inhaled corticosteroid for at least 8 weeks prior to randomization 9. Patient has a cigarette smoking history of at least ten pack years. 10. In the opinion of the Primary investigator, patient is able to unde
 Blood eosinophil count as a predictor of response to inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) in COPD;  Background: It has been postulated that a blood eosinophil count of ≥2% is predictive of response to ICS in COPD. Objective: This hypothesis was tested using trials of fluticasone propionate/salmeterol (FP/SAL) of at least 1‐year duration in which blood eosinophil count was measured at baseline. Methods: Three trials, INSPIRE (SCO40036 [NCT00361959]) (Wedzicha et al AJRCCM 2008;177:19‐26), a 2‐year study comparing FP/SAL 500/50mcg with tiotropium (Tio); TRISTAN (SFCB3024) (Calverley et al Lancet 2003;361:449‐56), a 1‐year study of FP 500mcg, SAL 50mcg, FP/SAL 500/50mcg; and placebo, and SCO30002, a 1 year study of FP/SAL 250/50mcg, FP 250mcg and placebo were included. Results: Overall numbers of patients with eosinophil counts were: 1269 (INSPIRE), 1403 (TRISTAN), 373 (SCO300002). The proportion of patients with a blood eosinophil count ≥2% was: 57% (INSPIRE), 75% (TRISTAN), 61% (SCO30002). In INSPIRE and TRISTAN, there was a reduction in the exacerbation rate with FP/SAL (vs Tio and placebo, respectively) in the subgroup with blood eosinophil ≥2% with no evidence of a reduction seen in the subgroup with blood eosinophil <2% (figure). In TRISTAN, eosinophil count ≥2% was also associated with response to FP and SAL vs placebo. Conclusion: A blood eosinophil count of 2% or higher may be associated with a reduction in exacerbations with inhaled therapy containing FP, SAL or the two combined. (Figure Presented).
 Effect of Tiotropium in Patients with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Diseases;  INTERVENTION: First Group therapy with Tiotropium (only Tiotropium18 microgram per day via inhalation for two months) Intervention 1: First Group therapy with Tiotropium (only Tiotropium18 microgram per day via inhalation for two months). Intervention 2: Second Group : Classical therapy ( with Salmeterol 50 microgram twice daily via inhalation for two months ). Second Group : Classical therapy ( with Salmeterol 50 microgram twice daily via inhalation for two months ) Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Chronic Lower Respiratory Diseaes Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Diseases. ; Chronic Lower Respiratory Diseaes J40,J47 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Dynamic Hyperinflation measurements. Timepoint: Before and Two months after completion of drug. Method of measurement: Study Of Lung Volumes using Spirometry. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA:( Patient with early stages of COPD ;Men and Weman between 40 to 80 years old.) Exclusion criteria:( Patients under 40 and above 80 ;Patients with a history of asthma ;lung Lobectomy history ;cystic fibrosis ;patients treated with inhaled or oral corticosteroids in the previous three months : patients with other diseases associated with clinical problems in their daily activities ; also to make it still more complications possible heart attack in the use of this drug is definitely ruled out, people with heart problems, will be excluded from the study.) .
 Efficacy of Tiotropium + Olodaterol in Patients with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease by Initial Disease Severity and Treatment Intensity: a Post Hoc Analysis;  INTRODUCTION: The once‐daily long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) tiotropium and once‐daily long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA) olodaterol have been studied as a once‐daily fixed‐dose combination (FDC) in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Two large, 52‐week, double‐blind, parallel‐group studies in patients with moderate‐very severe COPD demonstrated that tiotropium + olodaterol significantly improved lung function and symptoms versus the monocomponents. This post hoc analysis determined effects on lung function by prior LAMA or LABA maintenance treatment and initial disease severity. METHODS: 5162 patients were randomized and treated with olodaterol 5 µg, tiotropium 2.5 µg, tiotropium 5 µg, tiotropium + olodaterol 2.5/5 µg, or tiotropium + olodaterol 5/5 µg (all once daily via Respimat(®) inhaler). Primary efficacy (lung‐function) end points were forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1) area under the curve from 0 to 3 h (AUC0‐3) and trough FEV1 responses (i.e., change from baseline). Pooled data are presented for the following subgroups: prior maintenance treatment with LAMA or LABA, Global initiative for chronic Obstructive Lung Disease (GOLD) 2 (predicted FEV1 50% to <80%) and 3 (30% to <50%)/4 (<30%), sex, age, and prior use of inhaled corticosteroids. RESULTS: Tiotropium + olodaterol FDC improved lung function over the monocomponents in patients with GOLD 2 and 3‐4 disease, irrespective of prior LAMA or LABA maintenance therapy; most comparisons between FDCs and their respective monocomponents were statistically significant (P < 0.05). FEV1 AUC0‐3 and trough FEV1 responses for the individual treatments were generally greater in patients with less severe COPD at baseline. CONCLUSIONS: Tiotropium + olodaterol 5/5 µg significantly improved FEV1 AUC0‐3 and trough FEV1 in all GOLD severity groups compared to olodaterol 5 µg and tiotropium 5 µg alone, irrespective of whether patients had received prior LAMA or LABA maintenance treatment. Improvements from baseline in lung function were generally greater in patients with less severe disease. FUNDING: Boehringer Ingelheim. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov numbers, NCT01431274 and NCT01431287.
 Indacaterol provides effective bronchodilation in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease irrespective of patient age (<65 or ≥65 years);  RATIONALE Indacaterol is an investigational once‐daily inhaled long‐acting β2‐agonist bronchodilator for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Because COPD patients range from the middle‐aged to the elderly (in whom safety may be an increasing concern as a result of more frequent comorbidities), it is useful to know if patient age has any impact on the efficacy and safety of indacaterol. METHODS Data were pooled from three randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled studies of indacaterol in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD, each including prespecified analyses of efficacy and safety according to patient age at baseline <65 and ≥65 years. Patients received indacaterol 150 μg (n=627), indacaterol 300 μg (n=821), formoterol 12 μg twice daily (n=522), tiotropium 18 μg once daily (n=415) (open‐label), or placebo (n=1021) for 3 months or longer. In each study the primary endpoint was trough forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1; mean of measurements at 23 h 10 min and 23 h 45 min post‐dose) at 12 weeks. RESULTS At screening, for patients aged <65/≥65 years respectively (53/47% of total), mean FEV1 (post‐albuterol) was 1.58/1.41 L (53.7/55.2% predicted), COPD was severe or very severe in 43/47% of patients, smoking history was 49.6/52.3 pack‐years and 41/45% of patients took concomitant inhaled corticosteroids. Indacaterol demonstrated significant differences versus placebo of >120 mL (the prespecified minimal clinically important difference) in trough FEV1 at week 12 in each subgroup. Indacaterol was more effective than formoterol in both age groups and more effective than tiotropium in the ≥65 subgroup (table). (Table presented) CONCLUSIONS The bronchodilator efficacy of indacaterol is maintained at a similar level in both middle‐aged and elderly COPD patients. Our data support the use of once‐daily long‐acting bronchodilators as first‐line maintenance treatment for COPD regardless of age. Adverse events were similar for both age groups.
 Comparative Efficacy of Once-Daily Umeclidinium/Vilanterol and Tiotropium/Olodaterol Therapy in Symptomatic Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease: a Randomized Study;  Introduction: We report the results of the first direct comparison of the once‐daily fixed‐dose long‐acting muscarinic antagonist/long‐acting β2‐agonist (LAMA/LABA) combinations umeclidinium/vilanterol (UMEC/VI) and tiotropium/olodaterol (TIO/OLO) in patients with COPD. Methods: This was a randomized, two‐period crossover open‐label study in symptomatic patients with COPD [age 40 years or older, postbronchodilator forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1) of 70% or less and 50% or more of predicted normal values, and modified Medical Research Council Dyspnoea Scale score of 2 or greater] not receiving inhaled corticosteroid therapy. Patients were randomized to receive UMEC/VI (62.5/25 µg once daily) via a multidose dry powder inhaler (ELLIPTA) followed by TIO/OLO (5/5 µg once daily) via a soft mist inhaler (Respimat), each for 8 weeks with an interim 3‐week washout or vice versa. The primary end point was the change from baseline in trough FEV1 at week 8 with a noninferiority margin of − 50 mL in the per‐protocol (PP) population. The incidence of adverse events was also assessed. Results: In total, 236 patients (mean age 64.4 years, 60% male) were included in the intent‐to‐treat population and 227 were included in the PP population. UMEC/VI treatment was noninferior in the PP population and superior in the intent‐to‐treat population to TIO/OLO treatment with regard to trough FEV1 at week 8 [FEV1 change from baseline 180 mL vs 128 mL; difference 52 mL (95% confidence interval 28–77 mL); p < 0.001]. Patients receiving UMEC/VI had twofold increased odds of experiencing a clinically meaningful increase (100 mL or more) from baseline in trough FEV1 at week 8 compared with patients receiving TIO/OLO (odds ratio 2.05; 95% confidence interval 1.34–3.14). Adverse events occurred in 25% of patients in the UMEC/VI group and in 31% of patients in the TIO/OLO group. Conclusion: In this first direct comparison of two once‐daily fixed‐dose LAMA/LABA combinations, superiority was observed for the primary end point of trough FEV1 at week 8 with UMEC/VI compared with TIO/OLO in patients with symptomatic COPD. Both treatments had similar safety profiles. These findings confirm the results of previous indirect LAMA/LABA comparisons, and show that an efficacy gradient exists within the LAMA/LABA class. Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov identifier NCT02799784. Funding: GlaxoSmithKline.
 Comparative Efficacy of Once-Daily Umeclidinium/Vilanterol and Tiotropium/Olodaterol Therapy in Symptomatic Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease: a Randomized Study;  INTRODUCTION: We report the results of the first direct comparison of the once‐daily fixed‐dose long‐acting muscarinic antagonist/long‐acting β2‐agonist (LAMA/LABA) combinations umeclidinium/vilanterol (UMEC/VI) and tiotropium/olodaterol (TIO/OLO) in patients with COPD. METHODS: This was a randomized, two‐period crossover open‐label study in symptomatic patients with COPD [age 40 years or older, postbronchodilator forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1) of 70% or less and 50% or more of predicted normal values, and modified Medical Research Council Dyspnoea Scale score of 2 or greater] not receiving inhaled corticosteroid therapy. Patients were randomized to receive UMEC/VI (62.5/25 µg once daily) via a multidose dry powder inhaler (ELLIPTA) followed by TIO/OLO (5/5 µg once daily) via a soft mist inhaler (Respimat), each for 8 weeks with an interim 3‐week washout or vice versa. The primary end point was the change from baseline in trough FEV1 at week 8 with a noninferiority margin of ‐ 50 mL in the per‐protocol (PP) population. The incidence of adverse events was also assessed. RESULTS: In total, 236 patients (mean age 64.4 years, 60% male) were included in the intent‐to‐treat population and 227 were included in the PP population. UMEC/VI treatment was noninferior in the PP population and superior in the intent‐to‐treat population to TIO/OLO treatment with regard to trough FEV1 at week 8 [FEV1 change from baseline 180 mL vs 128 mL; difference 52 mL (95% confidence interval 28‐77 mL); p < 0.001]. Patients receiving UMEC/VI had twofold increased odds of experiencing a clinically meaningful increase (100 mL or more) from baseline in trough FEV1 at week 8 compared with patients receiving TIO/OLO (odds ratio 2.05; 95% confidence interval 1.34‐3.14). Adverse events occurred in 25% of patients in the UMEC/VI group and in 31% of patients in the TIO/OLO group. CONCLUSION: In this first direct comparison of two once‐daily fixed‐dose LAMA/LABA combinations, superiority was observed for the primary end point of trough FEV1 at week 8 with UMEC/VI compared with TIO/OLO in patients with symptomatic COPD. Both treatments had similar safety profiles. These findings confirm the results of previous indirect LAMA/LABA comparisons, and show that an efficacy gradient exists within the LAMA/LABA class. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov identifier NCT02799784. FUNDING: GlaxoSmithKline.
 Tiotropium/olodaterol improves symptoms of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease compared with tiotropium: results from the dynagito trial;  RATIONALE Tiotropium/olodaterol improves lung function and quality of life in patients with COPD compared with tiotropium alone. The COPD Assessment Test (CAT) ‐ a questionnaire that measures the impact of COPD on patients' lives ‐ was included in the DYNAGITO trial to further investigate the effect of tiotropium/olodaterol on symptoms of COPD in patients with a history of COPD exacerbations. METHODS This was a 52‐week, double‐blind, active‐controlled, parallelgroup trial in which patients with COPD were randomized to receive tiotropium/olodaterol 5/5 μg or tiotropium 5 μg once daily, delivered via Respimat® (NCT02296138). Patients had forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) <60% predicted at baseline, and at least one moderate or severe exacerbation in the previous 12 months. Patients taking inhaled corticosteroids at baseline continued them throughout the trial. The primary endpoint was rate of moderate and severe COPD exacerbations. The CAT was completed by patients before any other assessments at the baseline visit, and after 3, 6, and 12 months of treatment. A score of 10‐20 is classed as “medium” and 21‐ 30 as “high”. Post hoc analyses of CAT responders (decrease in CAT score of ≥2 units compared with baseline) and patients who deteriorated (increase in CAT score of ≥2 units) were conducted; both were based on a mean of post‐baseline assessments. RESULTS In total, 7,880 patients were treated in DYNAGITO. Mean CAT score at baseline was 18.8 in the tiotropium/olodaterol arm and 18.4 in the tiotropium arm, and most patients were classed as belonging to medium (48.4%) or high (34.0%) CAT categories. Tiotropium/olodaterol improved mean CAT score change from baseline compared with tiotropium across the trial period by ‐0.4 to ‐0.7 units (all P<0.01), with the largest between‐group difference observed at 3 months (‐0.7 units) (Figure). Overall, there was a higher proportion of responders in the tiotropium/olodaterol arm (44.5%) than in the tiotropium arm (40.8%) (odds ratio 1.17; 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.06‐1.28), and tiotropium/olodaterol reduced the risk of CAT deterioration compared with tiotropium (49.3% versus 51.6%, respectively; hazard ratio 0.89; 95% CI 0.83‐0.94). CONCLUSIONS Tiotropium/olodaterol reduces symptoms of COPD and the impact of the disease on patients' lives compared with tiotropium alone. This effect was observed over the course of the 52‐week study period. (Figure Presented).
 The efficacy and safety of combined tiotropium and olodaterol via the Respimat(®) inhaler in patients with COPD: results from the Japanese sub-population of the Tonado(®) studies;  BACKGROUND: The efficacy and safety of once‐daily tiotropium + olodaterol (T+O) maintenance treatment was demonstrated in the large, multinational, replicate, randomized, Phase III, Tonado(®) 1 (NCT01431274) and 2 (NCT01431287) studies in patients with moderate to very severe COPD. However, there may be racial differences in the effects of T+O on lung function in patients with COPD. METHODS: In this Tonado(®) subgroup analysis, we assessed efficacy and safety of T+O in Japanese participants. RESULTS: Versus the overall population, the 413 Japanese patients randomized and treated were slightly older, with more men, lower body mass index, lower baseline St George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) scores, fewer current smokers, but with higher pack‐year smoking history. A lower proportion of Japanese patients used inhaled corticosteroids, short‐acting muscarinic antagonists, or short‐ or long‐acting β‐adrenergic agonists at baseline, but use of long‐acting muscarinic antagonists was higher. At Week 24, mean improvements with T+O 5/5 μg in forced expiratory volume in 1 second area under the curve from 0‐3 hours response were 151 mL versus olodaterol and 134 mL versus tiotropium 5 μg; mean improvements with T+O 2.5/5 μg were 87 mL versus olodaterol and 70 mL versus tiotropium 2.5 μg. Mean improvements with T+O 5/5 μg in trough forced expiratory volume in 1 second were 131 mL versus olodaterol and 108 mL versus tiotropium 5 μg; mean improvements with T+O 2.5/5 μg were 60 mL versus olodaterol and 47 mL versus tiotropium 2.5 μg. SGRQ scores improved from baseline to a greater extent with both doses of T+O versus monotherapies. Responses were similar in the overall population. Adverse‐event incidence was generally balanced across treatment groups. CONCLUSION: Consistent with results from the overall population, T+O 5/5 μg was superior to each monotherapy for lung function and SGRQ in the Japanese sub‐population of patients with COPD in Tonado(®).
 Umeclidinium/vilanterol (UMEC/VI) versus monobronchodilator therapy in steroid-free GOLD B patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD): the EMAX trial;  Introduction Long‐acting muscarinic antagonist/long‐acting β2‐agonist (LAMA/LABA) combination therapy is more effective than monotherapies for improving lung function, breathlessness and health status, in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD (Oba et al. Thorax 2016:71;15‐25). Current Global initiative for chronic Obstructive Lung Disease (GOLD) strategy highlights that first‐line maintenance therapy in symptomatic GOLD B patients is LAMA or LABA monotherapy (GOLD 2018 report). The Early MAXimal bronchodilation for improving COPD stability (EMAX) trial aims to compare the efficacy and safety of UMEC/VI (LAMA/LABA), UMEC (LAMA) and salmeterol (SAL [LABA]) in symptomatic, steroidfree GOLD B patients with COPD (study 201749; NCT03034915) to inform the positioning of dual versus monotherapy within treatment guidelines for GOLD B patients. Methods EMAX is a 24 week, multicentre, double‐blind, double‐dummy, parallel‐group study. Patients (n=2,431) were randomised 1:1:1 to UMEC/VI 62.5/25 mcg, UMEC 62.5 mcg or SAL 50 mcg (figure 1). Patients were required to be aged ≥40 years, current/former smokers (≥10 pack‐years), with a forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1)/forced vital capacity ratio <0.70, post‐salbutamol FEV1 ≥30% to≤80% predicted, COPD Assessment Test (CAT) score ≥10, and ≤1 moderate and no severe exacerbations in the past year. Randomisation was stratified by maintenance bronchodilator use (none or one permitted) at screening. The primary endpoint is trough FEV1 with UMEC/VI versus UMEC at Week 24. Secondary endpoints include comparisons of UMEC/VI with UMEC and SAL for other spirometry measures and patient‐reported outcomes (transition dyspnoea index [TDI], Evaluating Respiratory Symptoms‐COPD [E‐RS], SGRQ, CAT), rescue medication use and COPD stability assessed using timeto‐first (TTF) exacerbation and TTF clinically important deterioration (CID). Safety and tolerability are assessed. The study is powered for comparisons of trough FEV1 and TDI. Conclusions EMAX is the largest study to date investigating the efficacy of LAMA/LABA versus monotherapy in inhaled corticosteroid‐naïve symptomatic GOLD B patients, and the first prospective study to explore the impact of these regimens in maintenance‐naïve patients (a pre‐specified subgroup) and assess COPD stability using the CID. The study has completed; upon completion of data analysis, the results should help clarify when, and in which population, LAMA/ LABA should be initiated as first‐choice maintenance therapy.
 Clinical efficacy and safety of tiotropium and indacaterol administration in patient with chronic heart failure due to coronary artery disease combined with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  Purpose: to compare clinical efficacy and safety of tiotropium and indacaterol administration in patient with chronic heart failure (CHF) due to coronary artery disease (CAD) combined with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Methods: after enrollment in this trial 100 patients (73 men and 27 women), aged 67.1±5.7 years, with CHF classes II to III (New York Heart Association) combined with moderate to severe COPD (GOLD‐2011) and with initial ejection fraction of the left ventricle (LVEF) less than 45%, were randomized to three groups ‐ tiotropium (18 μg daily, n=30), indacaterol (150 μg daily, n=36) and tiotropium+indacaterol group (18/150 μg daily, n=34). Patients of all groups received the complex CHF treatment comprising diuretics, nebivolol, losartan, cardiac glycosides (subject to indications) and basic COPD therapy (inhalation corticosteroids). Echocardiography, exercise tolerance (6‐min walk distance), 24‐hour electrocardiography and blood pressure monitoring were assessed at baseline and after 6 months of treatment, respiratory function test was assessed at baseline, after 1 month and after 6 months. The quality of life was evaluated by MYHFQ, SGRQ and mMRC. Results: after 6 months of therapy the improvement of clinical condition and quality of life were marked in all groups. In 1st, 2nd and 3rd group LVEF was increased by 7.2%, 6.3% and 12.5%, pulmonary hypertension decreased by 8.7%, 9.3% and 16.7%, episodes of silent myocardial ischemia decreased by 14%, 16.8% and 22.5%, respectively. Towards the end of the observation period, in all groups there was a confident and authentic increase of forced expiratory volume during 1st second (FEV1) witch made 5.3%, 7.8%, and 11.9% accordingly. 6‐min walk distance increased by 18.7%, 22.3% and 29,4% accordingly. Patients showed statistically significant and clinically meaningful reduction of SGRQ score (17.4%, 19.6%, 24.4%) and MYHFQ score (28%, 24.7%, 32.9%), significant improvements in MMRC dyspnea grade (22.1%, 25.2%, 28,5% respectively). All treatments were well tolerated. Conclusions: the tiotropium and indacaterol inclusion in the structure of complex therapy in patients with CHF combined with COPD raises efficiency of treatment, improves quality of life, basic parameters of central hemodinamics and pulmonary function. Efficacy of long‐acting inhaled anticholinergic agent (tiotropium) and long‐acting β‐agonist (indacaterol) in patient with CHF due to CAD combined with COPD are similar. Combination of these drugs significantly enhances the positive effects of the therapy.
 Clinical efficacy and safety of tiotropium and indacaterol administration in patient with chronic heart failure due to coronary artery disease combined with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  Purpose: to compare clinical efficacy and safety of tiotropium and indacaterol administration in patient with chronic heart failure (CHF) due to coronary artery disease (CAD) combined with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Methods: after enrollment in this trial 100 patients (73 men and 27 women), aged 67.1±5.7 years, with CHF classes II to III (New York Heart Association) combined with moderate to severe COPD (GOLD‐2011) and with initial ejection fraction of the left ventricle (LVEF) less than 45%, were randomized to three groups ‐ tiotropium (18 μg daily, n=30), indacaterol (150 μg daily, n=36) and tiotropium+indacaterol group (18/150 μg daily, n=34). Patients of all groups received the complex CHF treatment comprising diuretics, nebivolol, losartan, cardiac glycosides (subject to indications) and basic COPD therapy (inhalation corticosteroids). Echocardiography, exercise tolerance (6‐min walk distance), 24‐hour electrocardiography and blood pressure monitoring were assessed at baseline and after 6 months of treatment, respiratory function test was assessed at baseline, after 1 month and after 6 months. The quality of life was evaluated by MYHFQ, SGRQ and mMRC. Results: after 6 months of therapy the improvement of clinical condition and quality of life were marked in all groups. In 1st, 2nd and 3rd group LVEF was increased by 7.2%, 6.3% and 12.5%, pulmonary hypertension decreased by 8.7%, 9.3% and 16.7%, episodes of silent myocardial ischemia decreased by 14%, 16.8% and 22.5%, respectively. Towards the end of the observation period, in all groups there was a confident and authentic increase of forced expiratory volume during 1st second (FEV1) witch made 5.3%, 7.8%, and 11.9% accordingly. 6‐min walk distance increased by 18.7%, 22.3% and 29,4% accordingly. Patients showed statistically significant and clinically meaningful reduction of SGRQ score (17.4%, 19.6%, 24.4%) and MYHFQ score (28%, 24.7%, 32.9%), significant improvements in MMRC dyspnea grade (22.1%, 25.2%, 28,5% respectively). All treatments were well tolerated. Conclusions: the tiotropium and indacaterol inclusion in the structure of complex therapy in patients with CHF combined with COPD raises efficiency of treatment, improves quality of life, basic parameters of central hemodinamics and pulmonary function. Efficacy of long‐acting inhaled anticholinergic agent (tiotropium) and long‐acting β‐agonist (indacaterol) in patient with CHF due to CAD combined with COPD are similar. Combination of these drugs significantly enhances the positive effects of the therapy.
 Prolonged use (18 months) of tiotropium and indacaterol in patient with chronic heart failure due to coronary artery disease combined with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  Purpose: to compare clinical efficacy and safety of tiotropium and indacaterol prolonged (18 months) administration in patient with chronic heart failure (CHF) due to coronary artery disease (CAD) combined with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Methods: after enrollment in this trial 81 patients (58 men and 23 women), aged 66.5±4.3 years, with CHF classes II to III (New York Heart Association) combined with moderate to severe COPD (GOLD‐2013) and with initial ejection fraction of the left ventricle (LVEF) less than 45%, were randomized to three groups ‐ tiotropium (18 μg daily, n=29), indacaterol (150 μg daily, n=27) and tiotropium+indacaterol group (18/150 μg daily, n=25). Patients of all groups received the complex CHF treatment comprising diuretics, nebivolol, losartan, cardiac glycosides (subject to indications) and basic COPD therapy (inhalation corticosteroids). Echocardiography, exercise tolerance (6‐min walk distance), 24‐hour electrocardiography and blood pressure monitoring were assessed at baseline and every 6 months of treatment, respiratory function test was assessed at baseline, after 1 month and every 6 months. The quality of life was evaluated by MYHFQ, SGRQ and mMRC. Results: after 18 months of therapy the improvement of clinical condition and quality of life were marked in all groups. In 1st, 2nd and 3rd group LVEF was increased by 4.2%, 5.0% and 8.8%, pulmonary hypertension decreased by 7.4%, 10.8% and 14.5%, episodes of silent myocardial ischemia decreased by 15.3%, 16% and 21.4%, respectively. Towards the end of the observation period, in all groups there was a confident and authentic increase of forced expiratory volume during 1st second (FEV1) witch made 6.6%, 7.7%, and 12.1% accordingly. 6‐min walk distance increased by 19.1%, 21.6% and 30,2% accordingly. Patients showed statistically significant and clinically meaningful reduction of SGRQ score (19.4%, 18.1%, 23.7%) and MYHFQ score (14.2%, 13.8%, 21.9%), significant improvements in MMRC dyspnea grade (23.1%, 22.2%, 27,5% respectively). All treatments were well tolerated. Conclusions: the tiotropium and indacaterol inclusion in the structure of complex therapy in patients with CHF combined with COPD raises efficiency of treatment, improves quality of life, basic parameters of central hemodinamics and pulmonary function. Efficacy of long‐acting inhaled anticholinergic agent (tiotropium) and long‐acting β‐agonist (indacaterol) in patient with CHF due to CAD combined with COPD are similar. Combination of these drugs significantly enhances the positive effects of the prolonged therapy.
 Clinical efficacy and safety of tiotropium and indacaterol administration in patient with chronic heart failure due to coronary artery disease combined with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  Purpose: To compare clinical efficacy and safety of indacaterol and tiotropium administration in patient with chronic heart failure due to coronary artery disease combined with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Methods: After enrollment in this trial 143 patients (96 men and 47 women), aged 66.3±5.7 years, with CHF classes II to III (New York Heart Association) combined with moderate to severe COPD (GOLD) and with initial ejection fraction of the left ventricle (LVEF) less than 45%, were randomized into three groups ‐ tiotropium (18 μg daily, n=50), indacaterol (150 μg daily, n=45) and tiotropium+indacaterol group (18/150 μg daily, n=48). Patients of all groups received the complex CHF treatment comprising diuretics, nebivolol, losartan, cardiac glycosides (if necessary) and basic COPD therapy (inhalation corticosteroids). Echocardiography, exercise tolerance (6‐min walk distance), 24‐hour electrocardiography and blood pressure monitoring were assessed at baseline and after 6 months of treatment, respiratory function test was assessed at baseline, after 1 month and after 6 months. The quality of life was evaluated by MYHFQ, SGRQ and mMRC. Results: After 6 months of therapy the improvement of clinical condition and quality of life were marked in all groups. In 1st, 2nd and 3rd group LVEF was increased by 6.5%, 6.4% and 11.2%, pulmonary hypertension decreased by 7.0%, 8.4% and 15.1%, episodes of silent myocardial ischemia decreased by 14%, 17.4% and 20.8%, respectively. Towards the end of the observation period, in all groups there was a confident and authentic increase of forced expiratory volume during 1st second (FEV1) witch made 5.8%, 7.4%, and 10.2% accordingly. 6‐min walk distance increased by 18.0%, 23.5% and 26,2% accordingly. Patients showed statistically significant and clinically meaningful reduction of SGRQ score (14.1%, 18.5%, 24.5%) and MYHFQ score (25.6%, 27.4%, 32.0%), significant improvements in MMRC dyspnea grade (20.5%, 23.2%, 24,6% respectively). All treatments were well tolerated and side effects of therapy and the number of deaths in patients in all groups was comparable Conclusions: The tiotropium and indacaterol inclusion in the structure of complex therapy in patients with CHF combined with COPD raises efficiency of treatment, improves quality of life, basic parameters of central hemodinamics and pulmonary function. Efficacy and safety of tiotropium and indacaterol in patient with CHF due to CAD combined with COPD are similar. Combination of these drugs significantly enhances the positive effects of the therapy. (Table Presented).
 Efficacy and safety of different types of bronchodilator therapy in patients with chronic heart failure due to coronary artery disease combined with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  Purpose: To compare clinical efficacy and safety of indacaterol and tiotropium administration in patient with chronic heart failure due to coronary artery disease combined with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Methods: After enrollment in this trial 124 patients (87 men and 37 women), aged 65.2±6.9 years, with CHF classes II to III (New York Heart Association) combined with moderate to severe COPD (GOLD‐2011) and with initial ejection fraction of the left ventricle (LVEF) less than 45%, were randomized into three groups ‐ tiotropium (18 μg daily, n=41), indacaterol (150 μg daily, n=40) and tiotropium+indacaterol group (18/150 μg daily, n=43). Patients of all groups received the complex CHF treatment comprising diuretics, nebivolol, losartan, cardiac glycosides (if necessary) and basic COPD therapy (inhalation corticosteroids). Echocardiography, exercise tolerance (6‐min walk distance), 24‐hour electrocardiography and blood pressure monitoring were assessed at baseline and after 6 months of treatment, respiratory function test was assessed at baseline, after 1 month and after 6 months. The quality of life was evaluated by MYHFQ, SGRQ and mMRC. Results: After 6 months of therapy the improvement of clinical condition and quality of life were marked in all groups. In 1st, 2nd and 3rd group LVEF was increased by 7.6%, 6.1% and 12.0%, pulmonary hypertension decreased by 8.5%, 9.3% and 17.0%, episodes of silent myocardial ischemia decreased by 15%, 16.9% and 21.9%, respectively. Towards the end of the observation period, in all groups there was a confident and authentic increase of forced expiratory volume during 1st second (FEV1) witch made 5.0%, 8.8%, and 12.0% accordingly. 6‐min walk distance increased by 18.7%, 23.1% and 29,8% accordingly. Patients showed statistically significant and clinically meaningful reduction of SGRQ score (16.6%, 20.4%, 25.0%) and MYHFQ score (27.9%, 24.9%, 32.0%), significant improvements in MMRC dyspnea grade (22.1%, 25.2%, 28,5% respectively). All treatments were well tolerated. Conclusions: The tiotropium and indacaterol inclusion in the structure of complex therapy in patients with CHF combined with COPD raises efficiency of treatment, improves quality of life, basic parameters of central hemodinamics and pulmonary function. Efficacy of long‐acting inhaled anticholinergic agent (tiotropium) and long‐acting β‐agonist (indacaterol) in patient with CHF due to CAD combined with COPD are similar. Combination of these drugs significantly enhances the positive effects of the therapy.
 POOLED SAFETY RESULTS OVER 24 WEEKS FROM THE ENHANCE PROGRAM WITH ENSIFENTRINE, A NOVEL DUAL PHOSPHODIESTERASE (PDE) 3 AND 4 INHIBITOR;  SESSION TITLE: Latest Advances in Management of Obstructive Lung Disease SESSION TYPE: Rapid Fire Original Inv PRESENTED ON: 10/09/2023 12:00 pm ‐ 12:45 pm PURPOSE: Ensifentrine is a first‐in‐class, inhaled dual inhibitor of phosphodiesterase (PDE)3 and PDE4 with demonstrated bronchodilation and anti‐inflammatory effects. This abstract reports on safety results of nebulized ensifentrine in COPD in two large Phase 3 Trials. METHODS: Two Phase 3, 24‐week, multi‐center, randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trials were performed to evaluate nebulized ensifentrine‐3mg twice‐daily (BID) in subjects aged 40‐80 years with symptomatic moderate to severe COPD. Primary endpoint was change from baseline to Week 12 average FEV1 AUC0‐12h. Subjects were permitted to use concomitant background long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) or long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA) therapy, including up to 20% on stable, concomitant inhaled corticosteroids (LAMA/ICS or LABA/ICS). Treatment‐emergent adverse events (TEAEs), data from ECG, vital signs, and laboratory safety tests were pooled over 24 weeks from ENHANCE‐1 and ENHANCE‐2. RESULTS: In ENHANCE‐1 and ENHANCE‐2, 1569 subjects were treated (ensifentrine=975, placebo=574). Mean age was 65 years, 47% were female and 60% of subjects had a medical history of hypertension. There were 29% ensifentrine‐treated and 32% placebo‐treated subjects taking LABA (including 16% and 20% taking LABA+ICS, respectively). There were 33% ensifentrine‐treated and 30% placebo‐treated subjects taking LAMA (including 0.5% ensifentrine‐treated and 0.9% placebo‐treated on LAMA+ICS). Overall study medication compliance over 24 weeks was high in both studies (>93%). Treatment‐emergent adverse events (TEAEs) were reported in ensifentrine (36.8%) and placebo (35.9%) groups, that was also similar for serious TEAEs (6.2% vs 6.3% respectively). There were few TEAEs reported that were >1% of ensifentrine‐treated subjects that also had a higher rate than placebo: back pain (1.8% vs 1.0%), hypertension (1.7% vs 0.9%) and urinary tract infection (1.3% vs 1.0%). Reports of headache, cardiovascular AEs and pneumonia AEs were lower in ensifentrine‐treated vs placebo‐treated subjects. The proportion of subjects reporting gastrointestinal AEs were low and similar in ensifentrine and placebo groups. At Week 24, the proportion of subjects with abnormalities in ECG, vital sign or lab values were similar between groups (% with ≥1 ECG abnormality: ensifentrine 16.8%, placebo 18.2%; % with ≥1 vital sign abnormality ensifentrine 6.1%, placebo 4.9%; % with ≥1 lab abnormality: ensifentrine 2.0%, placebo 2.4%). CONCLUSIONS: In two Phase 3 trials, nebulized ensifentrine was well tolerated over 24 weeks of twice daily treatment. Safety profile was similar between ensifentrine and placebo groups. CLINICAL IMPLICATIONS: In two Phase 3 trials of nebulized ensifentrine in COPD was well tolerated over 24 weeks of twice daily treatment. DISCLOSURES: Consultant relationship with Verona Pharma Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 by Thomas Bengtsson, value=Consulting fee No relevant relationships by Charles Fogarty Employee relationship with Verona pharma Please note: >$100000 by Tara Rheault, value=Stock Employee relationship with Verona Pharma Please note: >$100000 by Kathleen Rickard, value=Salary Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with Mylan Inc./Theravance Biopharma US, Inc. Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 by Thomas Siler, value=Honoraria Removed 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response Grant/Research Support relationship with Areteia Please note: 03/28/21‐Present Added 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with Astra Zeneca Please note: 03/28/21‐Present Added 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with Genentech Please note: 03/28/21‐Present Added 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with Amphastar Please note: 03/28/21‐Present Added 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with Chiesi Please note: 03/28/21‐Present Added 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with Verona Please note: 03/28/21‐Present Added 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with Proterix Bio Please note: 03/28/21‐Present Added 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Contract Research Support relationship with Proterix Bio Please note: 03/28/21‐03/28/23 Added 03/28/2023 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Removed 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response Contract Research relationship with Proterix Bio Please note: 03/28/21‐03/28/23 Added 03/28/2023 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Removed 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response Consultant relationship with AstraZeneca Please note: $1‐$1000 by Thomas Siler, value=Consulting fee Removed 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response Consultant relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: 03/28/21‐Present Added 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, value=Consulting fee Grant/Research Support relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: 03/28/21‐Present Added 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, value=Grant/Research Support Speaker/Speaker's relationship with Sunovion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 by Thomas Siler, value=Honoraria Removed 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: 03/28/21‐Present Added 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, value=Honoraria Grant/Research Support relationship with Sunovion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 by Thomas Siler, value=Grant/Research Support Removed 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response Grant/Research Support relationship with ResTORbio Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 by Thomas Siler, value=Grant/Research Support Removed 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response Grant/Research Support relationship with Cipla Please note: 03/28/21‐Present Added 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with Novum Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 by Thomas Siler, value=Grant/Research Support Removed 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response Grant/Research Support relationship with Evidera Please note: 03/28/21‐Present Added 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with Sanofi Please note: 03/28/21‐Present Added 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with CompleWare Please note: 03/28/21‐Present Added 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with Seer, Inc. Please note: 03/28/21‐Present Added 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with West‐Ward Please note: >$100000 by Thomas Siler, value=Grant/Research Support Removed 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response Grant/Research Support relationship with Chiesi USA Please note: 03/28/21‐Present Added 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with Novartis Please note: 03/28/21‐Present Added 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with Theravance Biopharma US, Inc. Please note: 03/28/21‐Present Added 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with Pearl Please note: >$100000 by Thomas Siler, value=Grant/Research Support Removed 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response
 Comparative efficacy and safety of umeclidinium/vilanterol, umeclidinium and salmeterol in symptomatic maintenance-naïve and maintenance-treated chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a pre-specified secondary analysis of the EMAX trial;  Rationale: In symptomatic, low exacerbation risk patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) or long‐acting β2‐agonist bronchodilator (LABA) monotherapy is recommended as first‐line maintenance therapy, with LAMA/LABA combinations a step‐up option. This guidance was reached without prospective studies comparing the efficacy of bronchodilators in maintenance‐naïve (MN) patients. This prespecified subgroup analysis of the Early MAXimization of bronchodilation for improving COPD stability (EMAX) trial compared the lung function efficacy and safety of the LAMA/LABA, umeclidinium/vilanterol (UMEC/VI) with UMEC and salmeterol (SAL) in prior MN and maintenance‐treated (MT) patients. Methods: This 24‐week, double‐blind, double‐dummy, parallel‐group study randomized patients 1:1:1 to once‐daily UMEC/VI 62.5/25 mcg, once‐daily UMEC 62.5 mcg, or twice‐daily SAL 50 mcg. Patients were inhaled corticosteroid‐free for ≥6 weeks and had ≤1 moderate exacerbation in the last year. MN patients received no maintenance COPD medications in the 30 days before screening; MT patients had received one bronchodilator. Spirometry results are presented; pairwise statistical comparisons between UMEC/VI and both monotherapies used least squares (LS) mean change from baseline (CFB). Adverse events (AEs) were reported. Results: Overall, 749 [31%] MN and 1676 [69%] MT patients were randomized. At baseline, the proportion of current smokers (MN: 66%, MT: 42%) and symptom burden (COPD Assessment Test mean MN: 20.9, MT: 18.4) were higher in the MN subgroup than the MT subgroup, and fewer MN patients had a moderate exacerbation in the past year (10% vs 19%). After 24 weeks, CFB in trough forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) in the MN subgroup exceeded the minimum clinically important difference (MCID; ≥100 mL) with UMEC/VI and UMEC, but not SAL (Table). In the MT subgroup, the mean CFB in FEV1 did not reach the MCID in any treatment group. CFB trough FEV1 and forced vital capacity (FVC) were greater for UMEC/VI compared with UMEC and SAL in MN and MT subgroups. CFB inspiratory capacity was greater for UMEC/VI versus SAL in the MN and MT subgroups, but only showed an improvement over UMEC in the MT subgroup (Table). On‐treatment incidence of AEs and AEs leading to treatment discontinuation were similar between treatments in MN and MT subgroups. Conclusion: In this analysis, UMEC/VI provides greater improvements in lung function compared with UMEC and SAL in MN and MT patients. The results suggest that early use of LAMA/LABA is effective and well tolerated in symptomatic MN and MT patients.
 Exploring the comparative efficacy and safety of once-daily umeclidinium/vilanterol and tiotropium/ olodaterol in moderate symptomatic COPD: a randomized non-inferiority crossover trial;  PURPOSE: In a prior study of long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) treatment in patients with stable chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), a significant increase in change from baseline (CFB) in trough forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) was observed with umeclidinium (UMEC) vs tiotropium (TIO) (53 mL [95% confidence interval {CI}: 25, 81], p<0.001; Feldman G, Int J COPD 2016;11:719‐730). We hypothesized that this efficacy difference would also be shown during once‐daily fixed‐dose combination treatment with the LAMA/long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA) combinations UMEC/vilanterol (UMEC/VI) and TIO/olodaterol (TIO/OLO). METHODS: This randomized, open‐label, 2‐period, crossover study (204990, NCT02799784) recruited inhaled corticosteroidfree COPD patients with a modified Medical Research Council dyspnea score ≥2, FEV1/forced vital capacity ratio <0.70 and post‐albuterol FEV1 50‐70% predicted. Patients were randomized to receive UMEC/VI (62.5/25 mcg once daily) via an ELLIPTA inhaler followed by TIO/OLO 5/5 mcg (2 puffs once daily) via a RESPIMAT inhaler (each for 8 weeks with an interim 3‐week washout), or vice versa. The primary endpoint was CFB in trough FEV1 at Week 8 with a non‐inferiority (NI) margin of ‐50mL in the per protocol (PP) population. If NI was established, superiority was tested in the intent‐to‐treat (ITT) population. Rescue medication use and adverse events (AEs) were also assessed. RESULTS: 236 patients (mean age 64.4 years, 60% male) were included in the ITT population (PP population, n=227). The primary endpoint of CFB in trough FEV1 at Week 8 in the PP population confirmed NI of UMEC/VI vs TIO/OLO (175 mL vs 122 mL; least squares [LS] mean difference 53 mL [95% CI: 26, 80]; p<0.001). CFB in trough FEV1 in the ITT population was superior at Week 8 with UMEC/VI (180 mL) vs TIO/OLO (128 mL; LS mean difference 52 mL [95% CI: 28, 77]; p<0.001]). CFB in mean rescue use (puffs/day; Weeks 1‐8) favored UMEC/VI over TIO/OLO (‐0.94 vs ‐0.68; p<0.001). The incidence of ontreatment AEs was similar in both groups (UMEC/VI, n=59 [25%]; TIO/OLO, n=71 [31%]). CONCLUSIONS: In this first, direct, once‐daily LAMA/LABA comparison, statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvements in lung function were observed in patients receiving UMEC/VI vs TIO/OLO. Both LAMA/LABAs were well tolerated.
 A comprehensive assessment of the safety profile of olodaterol in the Respimat® device versus formoterol for maintenance treatment of COPD;  Rationale: Olodaterol is a once‐daily (QD) long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA) approved for maintenance treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) via the Respimat® inhaler. Long‐term safety data for olodaterol were reported from a large clinical trial program.1 We assessed the long‐term safety profile of olodaterol in comparison to the LABA formoterol to explore the occurrence of observed side effects of LABAs, including those in the formoterol and olodaterol labels. Methods: This analysis included pooled data from two replicate, multicenter, double‐blind, Phase III studies (1222.13, NCT00793624; 1222.14, NCT00796653) of olodaterol (5 μg QD via Respimat®) compared to formoterol (12 μg twice daily dry powder inhalation) or placebo over 48 weeks. Patients with moderate to very severe COPD (mean pre‐bronchodilator FEV1 <80% to <30% predicted, mean post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC ratio <0.70, GOLD 2‐4), without a history of asthma, aged ≥40 years, and current or ex‐smokers (>10 2 pack‐years) continued their maintenance treatment during the studies, with the exception of LABAs. Salbutamol was used as rescue medication. Descriptive statistics were provided for the incidence of adverse events (AEs) and aggregated AE groups (based on Standardised Medical Dictionary for Regulatory Activities Queries, or sponsor‐defined pharmacovigilance endpoints). Results: The analysis included 1379 patients: 460 placebo, 459 olodaterol 5 μg, and 460 formoterol 12 μg. Treatment groups were generally well balanced with respect to baseline characteristics and maintenance COPD treatment. At baseline, 48.5% were on inhaled corticosteroids and 25.7% were on tiotropium. A substantial proportion of patients had cardiac (placebo 18.9%, olodaterol 19.0%, and formoterol 20.0%, respectively) or vascular (42.0%, 41.2%, and 43.7%, respectively) co‐morbidities. The proportion of patients reporting any AE was 70.9%, 71.7%, and 69.1% in the placebo, olodaterol, and formoterol groups, respectively. The most frequent event in the olodaterol group was nasopharyngitis (placebo 8.0%; olodaterol 12.9%; formoterol 10.0%). There were no significant differences in cardiac AEs between olodaterol and formoterol. Cough was significantly lower in the olodaterol group, and metabolism and nutrition disorders were significantly in favor of formoterol. There were no other significant differences between the two groups (Figure). Conclusions: Olodaterol 5 μg QD had a similar long‐term safety profile compared to formoterol and could be considered as an adequate alternative maintenance therapy for patients with moderate to very severe COPD.
 Efficacy of umeclidinium/vilanterol according to the degree of reversibility of airflow limitation at screening: a post hoc analysis of the EMAX trial;  BACKGROUND: In patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), the relationship between short‐term bronchodilator reversibility and longer‐term response to bronchodilators is unclear. Here, we investigated whether the efficacy of long‐acting bronchodilators is associated with reversibility of airflow limitation in patients with COPD with a low exacerbation risk not receiving inhaled corticosteroids. METHODS: The double‐blind, double‐dummy EMAX trial randomised patients to umeclidinium/vilanterol 62.5/25 µg once daily, umeclidinium 62.5 µg once daily, or salmeterol 50 µg twice daily. Bronchodilator reversibility to salbutamol was measured once at screening and defined as an increase in forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1) of ≥ 12% and ≥ 200 mL 10‐30 min post salbutamol. Post hoc, fractional polynomial (FP) modelling was conducted using the degree of reversibility (mL) at screening as a continuous variable to investigate its relationship to mean change from baseline in trough FEV1 and self‐administered computerised‐Transition Dyspnoea Index (SAC‐TDI) at Week 24, Evaluating Respiratory Symptoms‐COPD (E‐RS) at Weeks 21‐24, and rescue medication use (puffs/day) over Weeks 1‐24. Analyses were conducted across the full range of reversibility (‐850‐896 mL); however, results are presented for the range ‐100‐400 mL because there were few participants with values outside this range. RESULTS: The mean (standard deviation) reversibility was 130 mL (156) and the median was 113 mL; 625/2425 (26%) patients were reversible. There was a trend towards greater improvements in trough FEV1, SAC‐TDI, E‐RS and rescue medication use with umeclidinium/vilanterol with higher reversibility. Improvements in trough FEV1 and reductions in rescue medication use were greater with umeclidinium/vilanterol compared with either monotherapy across the range of reversibility. Greater improvements in SAC‐TDI and E‐RS total scores were observed with umeclidinium/vilanterol versus monotherapy in the middle of the reversibility range. CONCLUSIONS: FP analyses suggest that patients with higher levels of reversibility have greater improvements in lung function and symptoms in response to bronchodilators. Improvements in lung function and rescue medication use were greater with umeclidinium/vilanterol versus monotherapy across the full range of reversibility, suggesting that the dual bronchodilator umeclidinium/vilanterol may be an appropriate treatment for patients with symptomatic COPD, regardless of their level of reversibility.
 Salbutamol use in relation to maintenance bronchodilator efficacy in COPD: a prospective subgroup analysis of the EMAX trial;  Background: Short‐acting β2‐agonist (SABA) bronchodilators help alleviate symptoms in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and may be a useful marker of symptom severity. This analysis investigated whether SABA use impacts treatment differences between maintenance dual‐ and mono‐bronchodilators in patients with COPD. Methods: The Early MAXimisation of bronchodilation for improving COPD stability (EMAX) trial randomised symptomatic patients with low exacerbation risk not receiving inhaled corticosteroids 1:1:1 to once‐daily umeclidinium/vilanterol 62.5/25 μg, once‐daily umeclidinium 62.5 μg or twice‐daily salmeterol 50 μg for 24 weeks. Pre‐specified subgroup analyses stratified patients by median baseline SABA use (low, < 1.5 puffs/day; high, ≥1.5 puffs/day) to examine change from baseline in trough forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1), change in symptoms (Transition Dyspnoea Index [TDI], Evaluating Respiratory Symptoms‐COPD [E‐RS]), daily SABA use and exacerbation risk. A post hoc analysis used fractional polynomial modelling with continuous transformations of baseline SABA use covariates. Results: At baseline, patients in the high SABA use subgroup (mean: 3.91 puffs/day, n = 1212) had more severe airflow limitation, were more symptomatic and had worse health status versus patients in the low SABA use subgroup (0.39 puffs/day, n = 1206). Patients treated with umeclidinium/vilanterol versus umeclidinium demonstrated statistically significant improvements in trough FEV1 at Week 24 in both SABA subgroups (59–74 mL; p < 0.001); however, only low SABA users demonstrated significant improvements in TDI (high: 0.27 [p = 0.241]; low: 0.49 [p = 0.025]) and E‐RS (high: 0.48 [p = 0.138]; low: 0.60 [p = 0.034]) scores. By contrast, significant reductions in mean SABA puffs/day with umeclidinium/vilanterol versus umeclidinium were observed only in high SABA users (high: − 0.56 [p < 0.001]; low: − 0.10 [p = 0.132]). Similar findings were observed when comparing umeclidinium/vilanterol and salmeterol. Fractional polynomial modelling showed baseline SABA use ≥4 puffs/day resulted in smaller incremental symptom improvements with umeclidinium/vilanterol versus umeclidinium compared with baseline SABA use < 4 puffs/day. Conclusions: In high SABA users, there may be a smaller difference in treatment response between dual‐ and mono‐bronchodilator therapy; the reasons for this require further investigation. SABA use may be a confounding factor in bronchodilator trials and in high SABA users; changes in SABA use may be considered a robust symptom outcome. Funding: GlaxoSmithKline (study number 201749 [NCT03034915]).
 Effects of aclidinium bromide on major adverse cardiovascular events and COPD exacerbations in patients with COPD and cardiovascular risk factors;  Rationale: Approximately 30% of patients with COPD die from cardiovascular (CV) disease. Treatment using inhaled long‐acting bronchodilators, such as long‐acting muscarinic antagonists (LAMAs), is recommended; however, some studies have suggested that LAMAs may increase the risk of CV events. This study aimed to evaluate the long‐term effects of aclidinium bromide 400 μg twice‐daily (BID; a LAMA approved for the maintenance treatment of COPD) on CV safety and exacerbations in patients with moderate to very severe COPD and a history of cerebrovascular, coronary, or peripheral artery disease, or the presence of ≥2 CV risk factors. Methods: ASCENT COPD (NCT01966107) was a Phase IV, multicenter, double‐blind, randomized, placebo‐controlled, parallel‐group study conducted at 452 sites in the USA and Canada. The primary safety and efficacy variables were time to first major adverse CV event (MACE; CV death, non‐fatal myocardial infarction, or non‐fatal stroke), and rate of moderate to severe COPD exacerbations during the first year of treatment, respectively. Per protocol, the study was terminated after ≥122 MACE had occurred (with a maximum study duration of 3 years) in order to achieve 90% power to rule out a hazard ratio (HR) of 1.8 in time to first MACE for aclidinium versus placebo. Non‐inferiority was concluded if the upper bound of the 95% confidence interval was <1.8. Results: In total, 3589 patients were included in the full analysis set (aclidinium, n=1791; placebo, n=1798), with 2084 (58.1%) completing the first year of the study on treatment. Mean age was 67.2 years, 58.7% were male, and the mean post‐bronchodilator FEV1 was 47.7% predicted. Almost two‐thirds (63%) of patients were receiving concomitant longacting β2‐agonist (LABA, 6.3%) or LABA/inhaled corticosteroid (56.3%). There was no increased risk of MACE, or of MACE or other serious CV event of interest with aclidinium versus placebo (HR 0.89 [p=0.469] and 1.03 [p=0.772], respectively); the upper bound 95% confidence interval excluded 1.8 for both endpoints (Table). There was a 22% reduction in moderate to severe exacerbation rate with aclidinium versus placebo (p<0.001), and a 35% reduction in hospitalizations (p<0.01) due to COPD exacerbation, during the first year of treatment (Table). The incidence of AEs was comparable between groups. Conclusions: We found no increased risk of MACE in at‐risk patients receiving aclidinium vs placebo with moderate to very severe COPD. In addition, the risk of moderate to severe exacerbations and associated hospitalizations was reduced significantly with aclidinium bromide versus placebo.
 Seasonal pattern of COPD exacerbations in the dynagito trial;  RATIONALE COPD exacerbations can be triggered by various factors, some of which are seasonal. To date, there are limited data about the effects of seasonality on the treatment received for an exacerbation (potentially reflecting different triggers or the severity of the event) or whether COPD treatments are as effective at reducing the risk of different 'types' of exacerbation. We used data from the DYNAGITO trial to investigate the rate of exacerbations treated with antibiotics, systemic corticosteroids (SCS) or both by season, and to investigate the effect of tiotropium/olodaterol (T/O) versus tiotropium (Tio) on exacerbation rate by season. METHODS DYNAGITO was a 52‐week, double‐blind trial in which patients with COPD were randomized to receive T/O 5/5μg or Tio 5μg once daily, delivered via Respimat® (NCT02296138). Patients continued inhaled corticosteroids if they were taking them at baseline. Patients had FEV1 <60% predicted at baseline and at least one moderate or severe exacerbation in the previous 12 months. Moderate exacerbations were those treated with antibiotics, SCS or both; severe exacerbations also required hospitalization or an emergency room visit. The year was split into two periods: warmer months (May‐October for the Northern hemisphere and November‐April for the Southern hemisphere) and colder months (November‐April for the Northern hemisphere and May‐October for the Southern hemisphere). RESULTS As expected, there were more events in the colder months than in the warmer months (Table). There were similar relative increases in rate of exacerbations treated with antibiotics only, SCS only and antibiotics+SCS between colder and warmer months. Overall, T/O had a greater effect on reducing exacerbations versus Tio in the colder months compared with the warmer months. As previously published, there was no difference between T/O and Tio in exacerbations treated with antibiotics only. The greatest effect of T/O compared with Tio was on exacerbations treated with SCS, irrespective of season. CONCLUSIONS These data confirm previous findings that COPD exacerbations are most frequent in the colder months. The effect of T/O versus Tio was generally greatest in the colder months, perhaps due to the higher event rate, and T/O had the largest effect on exacerbations treated with SCS, irrespective of season. (Table Presented).
 Dual bronchodilator therapy as first-line treatment in maintenance-naïve patients with symptomatic copd: a pre-specified analysis of the emax trial;  Introduction: Limited prospective evidence is available to guide selection of first‐line maintenance therapy in patients with COPD. This pre‐specified analysis of the EMAX trial explored the efficacy and safety of dual‐versus mono‐bronchodilator therapy in maintenance‐naïve and maintenance‐treated patients. Methods: The 24‐week EMAX trial evaluated lung function, symptoms (including rescue medication use), exacerbations, and safety with umeclidinium/vilanterol, umeclidinium, and salmeterol in symptomatic patients at low exacerbation risk who were not receiving inhaled corticosteroids. Maintenance‐naïve and maintenance‐treated subgroups were defined by maintenance bronchodilator use 30 days before screening. Results: The analysis included 749 (31%) maintenance‐naïve and 1676 (69%) maintenance‐treated patients. For both subgroups, improvements from baseline in trough FEV1 at Week 24 (primary endpoint) were greater with umeclidinium/vilanterol versus umeclidinium (mean difference [95% CI]; maintenance‐naïve: 44 mL [1, 87]; maintenance‐treated: 77 mL [50, 104]), and salmeterol (maintenance‐naïve: 128 mL [85, 171]; maintenance‐treated: 145 mL [118, 172]), and in rescue medication inhalations/day over 24 weeks versus umeclidinium (maintenance‐naïve: −0.44 [−0.73, −0.16]; maintenance‐treated: −0.28 [−0.45, −0.12]) and salmeterol (maintenance‐naïve: −0.37 [−0.66, −0.09]; maintenance‐treated: −0.25 [−0.41, −0.08]). In maintenance‐naïve patients, umeclidinium/vilanterol numerically improved scores at Week 24 for Transition Dyspnea Index versus umeclidinium (0.37 [−0.21, 0.96]) and versus salmeterol (0.47 [−0.10, 1.05]) and Evaluating Respiratory Symptoms–COPD versus umeclidinium (−0.26 [−1.04, 0.53]) and versus salmeterol (−0.58 [−1.36, 0.20]), with similar improvements seen in maintenance‐treated patients. All treatments were well tolerated across both subgroups. Conclusion: Similar to maintenance‐treated patients, maintenance‐naïve patients receiving umeclidinium/vilanterol showed greater improvements in lung function and symptoms com‐pared with patients receiving umeclidinium or salmeterol. These findings provide support for the consideration of dual bronchodilator treatment in symptomatic maintenance‐naïve patients with COPD.
 Efficacy and safety of carvedilol and losartan with various combinations of bronchodilators in patients with chronic heart failure due to coronary artery disease combined with COPD;  Purpose: to compare clinical effcacy and safety of carvedilol and losartan with various combinations of bronchodilators in complex therapy in patient with CHF due to CAD combined with COPD. Methods: after enrollment in this trial 98 patients (70 men and 28 women), aged 64.1 ± 4.8 years, with CHF classes II to III (New York Heart Association) combined with moderate to severe COPD (GOLD‐2015) with initial ejection fraction of the left ventricle (LVEF) less than 45%, were randomized into three groups‐tiotropium (18 μg daily, n=36), indacaterol (150 μg daily, n=32) and tiotropium/indacaterol group (18/150 μg daily, n=30). Patients of all groups received the complex CHF treatment comprising carvedilol, losartan, diuretics, nitrates, cardiac glycosides (if necessary) and basic COPD therapy (inhalation corticosteroids). Echocardiography, exercise tolerance, 24‐hour electrocardiography, respiratory function test were assessed at baseline and after 6 months of treatment. The quality of life was evaluated by MYHFQ, SGRQ and mMRC. Results: after 6 months of therapy the improvement of clinical condition and quality of life were marked in all groups. In 1st, 2nd and 3rd group LVEF was increased by 20.9%, 18.3% and 22.5%, pulmonary hypertension decreased by 21.2%, 22.8% and 26.7%, episodes of silent myocardial ischemia decreased by 52.3%, 47.6% and 52.4%, respectively. Towards the end of the observation period, in all groups there was a confdent and authentic increase of FEV1 witch made 10.4%, 7.8%, and 11.9% accordingly. Patients showed statistically significant and clinically meaningful reduction of SGRQ, MYHFQ scores and MMRC dyspnea grade (see table 1). All treatment regimens were well tolerated. Conclusions: the carvedilol and losartan with tiotropium and/or indacaterol administration in patients with CHF combined with COPD raises effciency of treatment, improves quality of life, basic parameters of central hemodinamics and pulmonary function. Effcacy of long‐acting inhaled anticholinergic agent (tiotropium) and long‐acting agonist (indacaterol) in patient with CHF due to CAD combined with COPD are similar. Combination of these drugs significantly enhances the positive effects of the therapy. [Figure Presented].
 NEBULIZED ENSIFENTRINE IMPROVES LUNG FUNCTION, SYMPTOMS, QUALITY OF LIFE AND REDUCES EXACERBATIONS IN SYMPTOMATIC COPD PATIENTS REGARDLESS OF BACKGROUND LAMA OR LABA THERAPY;  SESSION TITLE: Latest Advances in Management of Obstructive Lung Disease SESSION TYPE: Rapid Fire Original Inv PRESENTED ON: 10/09/2023 12:00 pm ‐ 12:45 pm PURPOSE: Ensifentrine is a first‐in‐class, inhaled dual inhibitor of phosphodiesterase (PDE)3 and PDE4 with demonstrated bronchodilation and anti‐inflammatory effects. METHODS: Two Phase 3, 24‐week, multi‐center, randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trials were performed to evaluate nebulized ensifentrine‐3mg twice‐daily (BID) compared to placebo in subjects aged 40‐80 years with symptomatic moderate to severe COPD (post‐bronchodilator FEV1 30–70% predicted, FEV1/FVC ratio <0.7, ≥2mMRC, and smoking history ≥10 pack‐years. Primary endpoint was change from baseline to Week 12 average FEV1 AUC0‐12h. Key secondary endpoints included: change from baseline to Week 12 peak FEV1 and morning trough FEV1, and Week 24 symptoms (E‐RS Total Score) and quality of life (SGRQ Total Score). Other endpoints included annualized rate and time to first moderate/severe COPD exacerbation. Post‐hoc sub‐group analyses were performed on subjects on ensifentrine or placebo who were also taking either background long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA or LAMA+inhaled corticosteroids [ICS]) or long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA or LABA+ICS) therapy. RESULTS: Overall, 1569 subjects were treated over 24 weeks (975 ensifentrine; 574 placebo). The LAMA sub‐group had 324 ensifentrine‐treated and 171 placebo‐treated subjects (including LAMA+ICS in 1.5% [n=5] of ensifentrine‐treated and 2.9% [n=5] placebo‐treated subjects). The LABA sub‐group had 282 ensifentrine‐treated and 181 placebo‐treated subjects (including LABA+ICS in 56% [n=159] ensifentrine‐treated and 62% [n=113] placebo‐treated subjects). Week 12 average FEV1 AUC0‐12h was significantly improved vs placebo in both sub‐groups (LAMA: 93mL [95%CI 55, 131]; LABA: 88mL [95%CI 53, 122]; p<0.001 for both). Week 12 peak FEV1 and morning trough FEV1 were significantly improved in both sub‐groups (p<0.05 for both). Week 24 E‐RS Total Score improved from baseline with ensifentrine vs placebo in both sub‐groups (LAMA: ‐0.9 [95%CI ‐1.9, 0.0]; LABA: ‐0.8 [95%CI ‐1.7, 0.1]). Similar improvements were observed with SGRQ Total Score at Week 24 vs placebo (LAMA: ‐2.3 [95%CI ‐4.9, 0.3]; LABA: ‐1.2 [95%CI ‐3.9, 1.4]). Moderate/severe exacerbation rate was reduced by 46% in the LAMA sub‐group (rate ratio [RR]: 0.54 [95%CI 0.32, 0.93]) and by 34% in the LABA sub‐group (RR: 0.66 [95%CI 0.41, 1.16]). There was a 48% reduction in risk of moderate/severe exacerbation (measured by time to first event) in the LAMA sub‐group (hazard ratio [HR]: 0.52 [95%CI: 0.30, 0.90]) as well as a 42% risk reduction in the LABA sub‐group (HR: 0.58 [95%CI: 0.34, 0.99]) vs placebo. CONCLUSIONS: Treatment with ensifentrine resulted in improvements in lung function and symptoms, quality of life as well as reduced moderate/severe COPD exacerbation rate and risk in symptomatic subjects with COPD regardless of background therapy. CLINICAL IMPLICATIONS: Nebulized ensifentrine improves lung function, symptoms, quality of life and reduces exacerbations in symptomatic COPD patients regardless of background LAMA or LABA therapy. DISCLOSURES: Consultant relationship with Verona Pharma Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 by Thomas Bengtsson, value=Consulting fee No relevant relationships by Charles Fogarty Employee relationship with Verona pharma Please note: >$100000 by Tara Rheault, value=Stock Employee relationship with Verona Pharma Please note: >$100000 by Kathleen Rickard, value=Salary Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with Mylan Inc./Theravance Biopharma US, Inc. Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 by Thomas Siler, value=Honoraria Removed 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response Grant/Research Support relationship with Areteia Please note: 03/28/21‐Present Added 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with Astra Zeneca Please note: 03/28/21‐Present Added 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with Genentech Please note: 03/28/21‐Present Added 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with Amphastar Please note: 03/28/21‐Present Added 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with Chiesi Please note: 03/28/21‐Present Added 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with Verona Please note: 03/28/21‐Present Added 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with Proterix Bio Please note: 03/28/21‐Present Added 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Contract Research Support relationship with Proterix Bio Please note: 03/28/21‐03/28/23 Added 03/28/2023 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Removed 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response Contract Research relationship with Proterix Bio Please note: 03/28/21‐03/28/23 Added 03/28/2023 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Removed 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response Consultant relationship with AstraZeneca Please note: $1‐$1000 by Thomas Siler, value=Consulting fee Removed 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response Consultant relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: 03/28/21‐Present Added 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, value=Consulting fee Grant/Research Support relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: 03/28/21‐Present Added 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, value=Grant/Research Support Speaker/Speaker's relationship with Sunovion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 by Thomas Siler, value=Honoraria Removed 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: 03/28/21‐Present Added 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, value=Honoraria Grant/Research Support relationship with Sunovion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 by Thomas Siler, value=Grant/Research Support Removed 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response Grant/Research Support relationship with ResTORbio Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 by Thomas Siler, value=Grant/Research Support Removed 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response Grant/Research Support relationship with Cipla Please note: 03/28/21‐Present Added 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with Novum Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 by Thomas Siler, value=Grant/Research Support Removed 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response Grant/Research Support relationship with Evidera Please note: 03/28/21‐Present Added 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with Sanofi Please note: 03/28/21‐Present Added 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with CompleWare Please note: 03/28/21‐Present Added 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with Seer, Inc. Please note: 03/28/21‐Present Added 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with West‐Ward Please note: >$100000 by Thomas Siler, value=Grant/Research Support Removed 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response Grant/Research Support relationship with Chiesi USA Please note: 03/28/21‐Present Added 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with Novartis Please note: 03/28/21‐Present Added 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with Theravance Biopharma US, Inc. Please note: 03/28/21‐Present Added 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with Pearl Please note: >$100000 by Thomas Siler, value=Grant/Research Support Removed 03/29/2023 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response
 The impact of stepwise withdrawal of inhaled corticosteroids on lung function in COPD patients receiving dual bronchodilation: WISDOM study;  Background: WISDOM (NCT00975195) demonstrated non‐inferiority in exacerbation risk with ICS withdrawal versus ICS (ERS 2014). Here we report the change in lung function. Objective: To evaluate the effects of stepwise withdrawal of ICS in patients (pts) with GOLD 3‐4 COPD and a history of exacerbation treated with LAMA+LABA. Methods: WISDOM was a 12‐month, double‐blind, parallel‐group, active‐controlled study where all pts received triple therapy (tiotropium 18 μg QD, salmeterol 50 μg BID and fluticasone 500 μg BID) for a 6‐week run‐in period. Pts were randomised 1:1 to continue triple therapy or stepwise withdrawal of ICS over 12 weeks (dose reduction every 6 weeks). Secondary end points included trough FEV1. Results: 2485 pts were treated (2049 male); mean age was 63.8 years and mean baseline FEV1 was 0.975 L (34.2% predicted). At Week 18, the adjusted mean decrease from baseline (Week 0) in trough FEV1 was 38 mL greater on complete ICS withdrawal than on ICS (p<0.0001), with similar results at Week 52. (Figure Presented) Conclusions: While exacerbation risk is comparable irrespective of concomitant ICS therapy in pts with GOLD 3‐4 COPD receiving dual bronchodilation, there was a small but statistically significantly greater decrease in lung function with complete ICS withdrawal.
 The impact of stepwise withdrawal of inhaled corticosteroids on exacerbations in COPD patients receiving dual bronchodilation: WISDOM study;  Background: Although guidance recommends ICS for prevention of recurrent COPD exacerbations, there is still uncertainty about the benefits of ICS. Objective: To evaluate the effects of stepwise withdrawal of ICS in patients (pts) with GOLD 3‐4 COPD and a history of exacerbation who are treated with LAMA+LABA. Methods: WISDOM (NCT00975195) was a 12‐month, double‐blind, parallel‐group, active‐controlled study in which all pts received triple therapy (tiotropium 18 μg QD, salmeterol 50 μg BID and fluticasone 500 μg BID) for a 6‐week run‐in period. Pts were randomised 1:1 to continue triple therapy or stepwise withdrawal of ICS over 12 weeks (dose reduction every 6 weeks). Primary end point (time to first moderate or severe on‐treatment exacerbation) is reported here. Results: 2485 pts were treated (2049 male); mean age was 63.8 years and mean baseline FEV1 was 0.975 L (34.2% predicted). (Figure Presented) ICS withdrawal was non‐inferior to continued ICS for time to first moderate or severe on‐treatment COPD exacerbation (hazard ratio 1.058; upper limit of the 95% CI below the pre‐specified non‐inferiority margin of 1.2 [0.941, 1.189]). No significant safety signals were identified. Conclusions: In pts with GOLD 3‐4 COPD receiving dual bronchodilation, exacerbation risk is non‐inferior with ICS withdrawal compared to ICS therapy.
 Comparative efficacy of once-daily LAMA/labas in COPD patients with high and low use of rescue medication;  Rationale: In the first direct comparison of once‐daily fixed‐dose long‐acting muscarinic antagonist/long‐acting β2‐agonist (LAMA/LABA) combination therapies for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), umeclidinium/vilanterol (UMEC/VI) demonstrated superiority versus tiotropium/olodaterol (TIO/OLO) in improvements in trough forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) after 8 weeks [Feldman et al, Adv Ther 2017]. Rescue medication (albuterol/salbutamol) use was allowed throughout the study. The aim of this analysis was to investigate the potential impact of baseline rescue medication use on treatment effects. Methods: This was an analysis of a randomized, open‐label, 8‐week, crossover study (204990, NCT02799784) comparing UMEC/VI 62.5/25 mcg with TIO/OLO 5/5 mcg in inhaled corticosteroid‐naïve patients with symptomatic moderate COPD (modified Medical Research Council dyspnea score ≥2, FEV1/forced vital capacity ratio <0.70, and post‐albuterol FEV1 50‐70% predicted). The intent‐to‐treat (ITT) population was divided by median baseline rescue medication use into subgroups with lower (<1.71 mean puffs/day) and higher (≥1.71 mean puffs/day) use, as recorded in the eDiary. Least squares mean changes in trough FEV1 were compared between these subgroups; analysis of rescue medication use during follow‐up was descriptive. Results: The ITT population included 236 patients (mean age 64.4 years, 60% male); approximately 50% of patients were classified as higher albuterol users in each treatment arm (UMEC/VI: 112/220 [51%]; TIO/OLO: 109/216 [50%]). Mean baseline rescue medication use was 0.5 puffs/day in both arms for lower users and 4.3 puffs/day (UMEC/VI: 4.6 puffs/day; TIO/OLO: 4.0 puffs/day) in higher users. The statistically significant improvements observed with UMEC/VI versus TIO/OLO in trough FEV1 at Week 8 in the entire ITT population were maintained in the subgroups with lower and higher rescue medication use (Table 1). UMEC/VI was also associated with a significantly greater proportion of responders (≥100 mL increase in trough FEV1 from baseline) versus TIO/OLO in both subgroups at Week 8 (Table 1). Baseline rescue medication use appeared to have a differential impact on rescue medication use during follow‐up across the two treatment arms (Table 1). Conclusions: UMEC/VI demonstrated significantly greater improvements in trough FEV1, and a higher proportion of FEV1 responders, at 8 weeks than TIO/OLO in subgroups of patients with lower and higher baseline rescue medication use. These results suggest that the efficacy gradient between these two once‐daily fixed‐dose LAMA/LABA combinations is not affected by baseline rescue medication use. Further research on the impact of baseline symptom burden on patient‐reported outcomes, such as rescue medication use, is warranted. (Table Presented).
 Once-daily indacaterol versus tiotropium for patients with severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (INVIGORATE): a randomised, blinded, parallel-group study;  BACKGROUND: We compared the efficacy and safety of indacaterol and tiotropium in patients with severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and a history of at least one moderate to severe exacerbation in the previous 12 months. METHODS: In this multicentre, randomised, blinded, double‐dummy, parallel group study, we enrolled patients aged 40 years or older with severe COPD and at least one exacerbation within the previous year. We used a computer‐generated sequence to randomly allocate patients (1:1; stratified by baseline inhaled corticosteroid use, with the balance of treatments maintained at country level) to receive either indacaterol (150 μg) or tiotropium (18 μg) once‐daily for 52 weeks. Our primary and key secondary objectives were to investigate whether indacaterol was non‐inferior to tiotropium for trough forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1) at week 12 (primary endpoint), and for rate of exacerbations at week 52 (secondary endpoint). Analysis populations for the primary and key secondary endpoints were per‐protocol sets. The safety set included all patients who received at least one dose of study drug. This study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT00845728. FINDINGS: Between March 16, 2009, and July 5, 2012, we enrolled and randomly allocated 3444 patients: 1723 to indacaterol and 1721 to tiotropium. At week 12, the estimated least squares mean trough FEV1 difference between the groups was ‐0.011 L (least squares mean with indacaterol [n=1450] 1.134 L [SE 0.008] vs tiotropium [n=1467] 1.145 L [0.008]; one‐sided 97.5% CI lower limit ‐0.026 L; p<0.0001). The lower limit of the 97.5% CI was above the prespecified non‐inferiority margin of ‐0.055 L, suggesting that indacaterol was non‐inferior to tiotropium. Indacaterol did not show non‐inferiority in terms of annualised exacerbation rates: 0.79 (indacaterol, n=1529) versus 0.61 (tiotropium, n=1543); ratio 1.29 (one‐sided 97.5% CI upper limit 1.44). In the safety set, we recorded no between‐group difference in the number of patients who had adverse events (indacaterol 1119 [65%] of 1721 patients vs tiotropium 1065 [62%] of 1718 patients) or serious adverse events (indacaterol, 263 [15%] of 1721 patients vs tiotropium, 255 [15%] of 1718 patients). Respiratory disorders, particularly worsening of COPD, were the most common adverse events (COPD: indacaterol, 747 [43%] of 1721 patients and tiotropium, 665 [39%] of 1718 patients) and serious adverse events (COPD: indacaterol, 147 [9%] of 1721 patients and tiotropium, 121 [7%] of 1718 patients). INTERPRETATION: Indacaterol and tiotropium provided clinically relevant improvements in lung function with comparable safety profiles. Tiotropium afforded greater protection from exacerbations, although the absolute number of events was small and the difference between treatments is of uncertain clinical importance. The present data offer evidence consistent with current guidelines. FUNDING: Novartis Pharma AG.
 Once-daily indacaterol versus tiotropium for patients with severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (INVIGORATE): a randomised, blinded, parallel-group study;  BACKGROUND: We compared the efficacy and safety of indacaterol and tiotropium in patients with severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and a history of at least one moderate to severe exacerbation in the previous 12 months. METHODS: In this multicentre, randomised, blinded, double‐dummy, parallel group study, we enrolled patients aged 40 years or older with severe COPD and at least one exacerbation within the previous year. We used a computer‐generated sequence to randomly allocate patients (1:1; stratified by baseline inhaled corticosteroid use, with the balance of treatments maintained at country level) to receive either indacaterol (150 μg) or tiotropium (18 μg) once‐daily for 52 weeks. Our primary and key secondary objectives were to investigate whether indacaterol was non‐inferior to tiotropium for trough forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1) at week 12 (primary endpoint), and for rate of exacerbations at week 52 (secondary endpoint). Analysis populations for the primary and key secondary endpoints were per‐protocol sets. The safety set included all patients who received at least one dose of study drug. This study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT00845728. FINDINGS: Between March 16, 2009, and July 5, 2012, we enrolled and randomly allocated 3444 patients: 1723 to indacaterol and 1721 to tiotropium. At week 12, the estimated least squares mean trough FEV1 difference between the groups was ‐0.011 L (least squares mean with indacaterol [n=1450] 1.134 L [SE 0.008] vs tiotropium [n=1467] 1.145 L [0.008]; one‐sided 97.5% CI lower limit ‐0.026 L; p<0.0001). The lower limit of the 97.5% CI was above the prespecified non‐inferiority margin of ‐0.055 L, suggesting that indacaterol was non‐inferior to tiotropium. Indacaterol did not show non‐inferiority in terms of annualised exacerbation rates: 0.79 (indacaterol, n=1529) versus 0.61 (tiotropium, n=1543); ratio 1.29 (one‐sided 97.5% CI upper limit 1.44). In the safety set, we recorded no between‐group difference in the number of patients who had adverse events (indacaterol 1119 [65%] of 1721 patients vs tiotropium 1065 [62%] of 1718 patients) or serious adverse events (indacaterol, 263 [15%] of 1721 patients vs tiotropium, 255 [15%] of 1718 patients). Respiratory disorders, particularly worsening of COPD, were the most common adverse events (COPD: indacaterol, 747 [43%] of 1721 patients and tiotropium, 665 [39%] of 1718 patients) and serious adverse events (COPD: indacaterol, 147 [9%] of 1721 patients and tiotropium, 121 [7%] of 1718 patients). INTERPRETATION: Indacaterol and tiotropium provided clinically relevant improvements in lung function with comparable safety profiles. Tiotropium afforded greater protection from exacerbations, although the absolute number of events was small and the difference between treatments is of uncertain clinical importance. The present data offer evidence consistent with current guidelines. FUNDING: Novartis Pharma AG.
 Short-term effects of inhalative tiotropium/formoterol/budenoside versus tiotropium/formoterol in surgery patients with newly diagnosed copd: a prospective randomized trial;  Objectives: During the evaluation for lung surgery, patients are not uncommonly newly diagnosed with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). The impaired lung function in these patients can lead to either contraindications for lung surgery, or if they qualify for surgery increase the risk for perioperative complications. There are is a paucity of data comparing the effectiveness of treatment strategies in these patients before planned lung surgery. Methods: A prospective‐randomized study was conducted comparing oneweek treatment periods of tiotropium/formoterol/budenoside (GR1) with tiotropium/formoterol (GR2) in conjunction with smoking cessation and chest physiotherapy. All patients were newly diagnosed with COPD during an evaluation for lung surgery and had not been previously treated for COPD. The primary end‐points were forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1), forced vital capacity (FVC), FEV1/FVC, airway‐resistance (RAW) at the end of each treatment. Secondary endpoints were improvement of the severity of COPD and the rate of pulmonary complications after surgery. Results: Forty‐six patients were randomized in GR1 (n=24) and GR2 (n=22). Mean baseline FEV1 (1.70 l/57.5% vs. 1.61 l/53.1%), FVC (2.55 l/65.0% vs. 2.58 l/65.2%), FEV1/FVC (67.8% vs. 61.7%), RAW (0.50 vs. 0.47) did not differ between the groups. However, the short‐term effects of the treatment with regard to FEV1 (2.0 l vs. 1.71 l, P=0.031; 68.3% vs. 56.5%, P=0.001), increase in FEV1 (+19.67% vs. +7.85%; P=0.007) and decrease in RAW (‐24.9% vs. ‐12.2%; P=0.043) were better in GR1. No differences were observed comparing post‐treatment FVC (2.88 l vs. 2.69 l; 73.3% vs. 69.0%), increase in FVC (0.34 l vs. 0.11 l; +16.7% vs. +7.4%), FEV1/FVC (70.1% vs. 63.8%) and increase in FEV1/FVC (+4.34% vs. +2.75%), respectively. More patients in GR1 (41.7% vs. 9.1%; P=0.012) showed an improvement of the severity of COPD. Less pulmonary complication (11.1% vs. 42.9%; P=0.04) were observed in GR1 after surgery. Conclusions: Both treatment strategies resulted in an improvement of lung function. There is benefit from adding inhalative budenoside in terms of improvement in FEV1, RAW and severity of COPD. The strategy of maximizing preoperative treatment for newly diagnosed COPD by adding an inhaled corticosteroid to long acting bronchodilators was associated with less pulmonary complications in the postoperative period.
 A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study of sun-101 (glycopyrrolate inhalation solution) in subjects with moderate to severe COPD;  PURPOSE: Studies with SUN‐101 (Glycopyrrolate Inhalation Solution) delivered via a novel nebulizer have evaluated once‐daily dosing in COPD subjects. This study evaluated the efficacy and safety of twice daily treatment. METHODS: This was a double‐blind, randomized, placebo‐controlled, parallel group study. Subjects meeting inclusion criteria (35‐70 years old with COPD, baseline FEV1 ≥ 30% and ≤70% of predicted and ≥10 pack‐year smoking history) were randomized to one of four doses of SUN‐101 (12.5 mcg, n=55; 25 mcg, n=54; 50 mcg n=57; 100 mcg n=59) or placebo (n=57) BID for 28 days. Subjects receiving LABA or LAMA therapy had their treatment replaced with albuterol MDI as “rescue therapy”. Inhaled corticosteroids and roflumilast were continued throughout the study. The primary assessment was change from baseline in morning trough FEV1 after 28 days of treatment. RESULTS: All doses were associated with rapid onset of bronchodilation which persisted throughout the 24 hour dosing interval. Improvements in trough FEV1 after 28 days of treatment (placebo adjusted LS [95% CI]) were 116.8 mL(36.9, 196.6), 128.4 mL (47.9, 208.9), 146.2 mL (66.7, 225.7) and 177.0 mL (99.2, 254.8) for the 12.5, 25, 50 and 100 mcg doses respectively (p<0.05 vs placebo). Improvements were seen in FEV1 AUC0‐12 with changes from baseline (mean [95% CI]) of 135.7 (70.9, 200.5) mL, 163.2 (98.2, 228.3) mL, 105.4 (41.5, 169.4) mL and 183.1 (119.9, 246.2) mL for the 12.5 mcg, 25 mcg. 50 mcg and 100 mcg groups respectively (p<0.05 vs placebo). The most commonly reported adverse events were COPD exacerbations and headache, reported by 3.2% and 2.8% of the population respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Twice daily treatment with SUN‐101 produced dose‐dependent increases in trough FEV1 and FEV1 AUC0‐12. Although all doses were associated with a mean increase above the MCID of 100 mL, the lower bound of the 95% confidence intervals suggest that lower doses (e.g., 12.5 mcg bid) may be less consistently beneficial. FEV1 AUC0‐12 may be a useful endpoint for the assessment of twice daily bronchodilators. Additional work is required to further define the appropriate dose regimen for SUN‐101. CLINICAL IMPLICATIONS: Nebulized glycopyrrolate delivered via the eFlow may represent an additional treatment option for patients with moderate to severe COPD.
 Tiotropium Respimat® add-on therapy to inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) + long-acting β2-agonists (LABAs) in patients with symptomatic severe asthma: efficacy by level of airway obstruction;  Two replicate, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, 48‐week, parallel‐group studies of once‐daily tiotropium Respimat® 5 μg versus placebo were conducted. Inclusion criteria included: age 18‐75 years; ≥5‐year history of asthma diagnosed before age 40; seven‐question Asthma Control Questionnaire score ≥1.5; ≥1 exacerbation during the previous year; post‐bronchodilator FEV1 ≤80 %; treatment with high‐dose ICS (≥800 μg/day budesonide or equivalent) and LABA for ≥4 weeks prior to screening. Exclusion criteria included diagnosis of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease or significant lung disease other than asthma. Primary lung function endpoints were peak FEV1(0‐3h) and trough FEV1 response (difference from baseline) assessed at 24 weeks. Pre‐specified analyses of the two trials (pooled population) were performed to evaluate the treatment effect at 24 weeks in subgroups defined by <60 % and ≥60‐<80 % of predicted post‐bronchodilator FEV1 values at screening. In total, 912 patients were randomized to once‐daily tiotropium Respimat (n=456) or placebo Respimat (n=456). In the analysis of post‐bronchodilator % predicted, statistically significant improvements in peak FEV1(0‐3h) and trough FEV1 responses, versus placebo Respimat, were observed with tiotropium Respimat 5 μg in the <60 % subgroup and the ≥60‐<80 % subgroup. Overall, improvements in peak FEV1(0‐3h) response and trough FEV1 response with tiotropium were numerically almost twice as high in the <60 % predicted postbronchodilator FEV1 subgroup as in the ≥60‐<80 % subgroup. However, because of large overlapping confidence intervals, there was no statistically significant difference between subgroups. In conclusion, once‐daily tiotropium Respimat® 5 μg add‐on to ICS + LABA is an efficacious bronchodilator and improves asthma control in patients with symptomatic asthma, independent of the severity of airflow obstruction.
 Tiotropium RESPIMAT® add-on therapy to inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) + long-acting β2-agonists (LABAS) in patients with symptomatic severe asthma: efficacy by level of airway obstruction;  Introduction/Aim: In two replicate Phase III trials (NCT00772538, NCT00776984), tiotropium Respimat® (TioR) improved lung function in patients with severe asthma, symptomatic despite treatment with ICS + LABA. We analyzed the efficacy of TioR 5 μg in patients with different degrees of airflow obstruction. Methods: Two replicate, double‐blind, 48‐week, parallel‐group studies of once‐daily TioR 5 μg versus placebo included patients with age 18‐75 years; ≥5‐year history of asthma diagnosed before age 40; seven‐question Asthma Control Questionnaire score (ACQ‐7) ≥1.5; ≥1 exacerbation during the previous year; post‐bronchodilator FEV1 ≤ 80%; life‐long non‐smoker or exsmoker (<10 pack‐years); receiving high‐dose ICS (≥800 μg/day budesonide or equivalent) and LABA for ≥4 weeks prior to screening. Patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease or significant lung disease other than asthma were excluded. Primary lung function endpoints were peak FEV1(0‐3h) and trough FEV1 response (difference from baseline) at 24 weeks. Pre‐specified pooled analyses evaluated the treatment effect at 24 weeks in subgroups defined by <60% and ≥60‐ < 80% of predicted post‐bronchodilator FEV1 values at screening. Post hoc analyses of ACQ‐7 responder rate (pooled) were done at week 24 and 48. Results: A total of 912 patients were randomized to once‐daily TioR 5 μg (n = 456) or placebo (n = 456). Baseline demographics were comparable across treatment groups. Significant improvements in peak FEV1(0‐3h) and trough FEV1 responses versus placebo were observed with TioR 5 μg in both <60% and ≥60‐ < 80% subgroups (all P < 0.05). Improvements with TioR were numerically higher in the <60% predicted post‐bronchodilator FEV1 subgroup versus the ≥60‐ < 80% subgroup, but the difference between subgroups was not statistically significant. TioR improved asthma control at week 24 and 48, as measured by ACQ‐responder rate (P < 0.05). Conclusion: Once‐daily tiotropium Respimat® 5 μg is an effective bronchodilator when added to ICS + LABA in symptomatic asthma patients and may provide greater spirometric benefit in patients with more severe airflow obstruction.
 Tiotropium respimat® add-on therapy to inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) + long-acting β2-agonists (LABAS) in patients with symptomatic severe asthma: efficacy by level of airway obstruction;  Introduction: In two replicate Phase III trials (NCT00772538 and NCT00776984), once‐daily tiotropium 5 μg delivered via the Respimat® inhaler (tiotropium Respimat®) improved lung function in patients with severe asthma who remained symptomatic despite treatment with ICS + LABA. Other studies have demonstrated the efficacy of tiotropium Respimat® 5 μg and 2.5 μg in patients with mild or moderate asthma. In our study of severe asthma we have analyzed the efficacy of tiotropium Respimat® 5 μg in patients with different degrees of airflow obstruction. Methods: These were two replicate, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, 48‐week, parallel‐group studies of once‐daily tiotropium Respimat® 5 μg versus placebo. Inclusion criteria included: age 18‐75 years; ≥5‐year history of asthma diagnosed before age 40; seven‐question Asthma Control Questionnaire score ≥1.5; ≥1 exacerbation during the previous year; post‐bronchodilator forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) ≤80%; life‐long non‐smoker or ex‐smoker (<10 pack‐years). Patients must have been receiving treatment with high‐dose ICS (≥800 μg/day budesonide or equivalent) and LABA for ≥4 weeks prior to screening. Exclusion criteria included diagnosis of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease or significant lung disease other than asthma. Primary lung function endpoints were peak FEV1 (0‐3h) and trough FEV1 response (difference from baseline) assessed at 24 weeks. Pre‐specified analyses of the two trials (pooled population) were performed to evaluate the treatment effect at 24 weeks in subgroups defined by <60% and ≥60‐<80% of predicted post‐bronchodilator FEV1 values at screening. Results: In total, 912 patients were randomized to once‐daily tiotropium Respimat® 5 μg (n=456) or placebo (n=456). Baseline patient demographics were comparable across treatment groups. In the analysis of post‐bronchodilator FEV1 (percent predicted), statistically significant improvements in peak FEV1(0‐3h) and trough FEV1 responses, versus placebo, were observed with tiotropium Respimat 5 μg ® in the <60% subgroup (both p<0.001) and the ≥60‐<80% subgroup (p=0.015 and p=0.022, respectively) (Table). Overall, improvements in peak FEV1 (0‐3h) response and trough FEV1 response with tiotropium Respimat were numerically almost twice as high in the <60% ® predicted post‐bronchodilator FEV1 subgroup as in the ≥60‐<80% subgroup. However, because of large overlapping confidence intervals (CIs), there was no statistically significant difference between subgroups (Table). Conclusion: Once‐daily tiotropium Respimat® 5 μg is an effective bronchodilator when added to ICS + LABA in patients with symptomatic asthma. Although no statistically significant difference between subgroups was observed, tiotropium Respimat® may provide greater spirometric benefit in patients with more severe airflow obstruction. (Table Presented).
 Efficacy of umeclidinium/vilanterol compared with tiotropium: results from a pooled analysis of three phase III, randomized studies;  Rationale: The long‐acting muscarinic antagonist, umeclidinium in combination with the long‐acting β2‐agonist, vilanterol (UMEC/VI) is an approved maintenance treatment for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) in the US and EU. The objective of this analysis was to compare the efficacy of UMEC/VI with the monotherapy tiotropium (TIO). Methods: This was a post hoc pooled analysis of three 6‐month randomized, blinded, double‐dummy studies which included UMEC/VI and TIO arms (NCT01316900, NCT01316913, NCT01777334). Subjects received UMEC/VI 62.5/25 mcg, UMEC/VI 125/25 mcg, or TIO 18 mcg for 24 weeks. Monotherapy treatment arms were excluded from this analysis. Primary endpoint was trough forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) on Day 169. Other endpoints included proportion of subjects achieving increase in trough FEV1 ≥100 mL above baseline, rescue salbutamol use, and St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) total score. Results: A total of 878, 423, and 869 subjects were randomized to UMEC/VI 62.5/25 mcg, UMEC/VI 125/25 mcg, or TIO 18 mcg, respectively. Baseline demographics of treatment groups were similar. Improvements in trough FEV1 with UMEC/VI 62.5/25 mcg were significantly greater versus TIO at all time points from Day 2‐169 (LS mean range: 0.086‐0.105 L; all p<0.001). This treatment difference was similar in GOLD category B or D patients and irrespective of inhaled corticosteroid use (Table). More patients treated with UMEC/VI 62.5/25 mcg versus TIO showed increase in trough FEV1 of ≥100 mL from baseline on Day 2 and 169 (68 and 59% UMEC/VI 62.5/25 mcg versus 48 and 43% TIO; odds ratio: Day 2: 2.3, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.9, 2.9; Day 169: 1.9, 95% CI: 1.6, 2.3: both p<0.001). Improvements in rescue‐free days were significantly greater with UMEC/VI 62.5/25 mcg (19.0%) versus TIO (12.4%) (6.5%; 95% CI: 3.2, 9.9; p<0.001). Similar improvements were recorded in rescue use (mean puffs/day: ‐0.5; 95% CI ‐0.8, ‐0.3; p<0.001). Clinically important improvements in SGRQ score significantly favored UMEC/VI 62.5/25 mcg versus TIO on Day 28 (‐2.25 units; 95% CI: ‐3.26, ‐1.23; p<0.001), Day 84 (‐1.63; 95% CI: ‐2.76, ‐0.49; p=0.005) but not Day 168 (‐0.93; 95% CI: ‐2.19, 0.33; p=0.15). Similar results were demonstrated for UMEC/VI 125/25 mcg. Conclusions: Compared with TIO, once‐daily UMEC/VI 62.5/25 mcg resulted in greater improvements in lung function from first to final dose, which was associated with greater reduction in rescue use and similar or greater improvements in health‐related quality of life.
 EFFICACY AND SAFETY OF DUPILUMAB FOR COPD WITH TYPE 2 INFLAMMATION;  SESSION TITLE: Late‐Breaking Insights in Pulmonary Medicine Posters SESSION TYPE: Original Investigation Posters PRESENTED ON: 10/10/2023 12:00 pm ‐ 12:45 pm PURPOSE: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is characterized by progressive lung function decline and worsening symptoms. The aim of the BOREAS study (NCT03930732) was to determine the efficacy and safety of dupilumab (DPL), a fully human monoclonal antibody which blocks the shared receptor component for IL‐4 and IL‐13, in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD with Type 2 (T2) inflammation. There is a need to minimize antibiotic (ABX) use for the treatment of acute exacerbations of COPD (AECOPD) to prevent the emergence of multi‐resistant bacteria. There are no clear guidelines for ABX use in AECOPD. METHODS: BOREAS was a 52‐week, phase 3, randomized, double‐blind, placebo (PBO)‐controlled trial of efficacy and safety of subcutaneous add‐on DPL 300 mg once every 2 weeks vs PBO in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD and T2 inflammation (blood eosinophils ≥300 cells/µL at screening), on triple therapy consisting of inhaled corticosteroids (ICS), long‐acting β2‐agonists (LABA), and long‐acting muscarinic antagonists (LAMA) (or LABA/LAMA if ICS was contraindicated). Key inclusion: age 40–80 years, current/former smoker (≥10 pack‐years); post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC <0.7 and post‐bronchodilator FEV1 % predicted >30% to ≤70%, chronic bronchitis, and ≥2 moderate or ≥1 severe AECOPD in the previous year. Key exclusion: current diagnosis/history of asthma, or other significant pulmonary disease. Primary endpoint: annualized rate of moderate or severe AECOPD. Secondary/other endpoints: change from baseline in pre‐bronchodilator FEV1 at Weeks 12 and 52; and safety. RESULTS: 939 participants were randomized to PBO (N=471) or DPL (N=468). Treatment groups were balanced in baseline demographic and disease characteristics. DPL met all multiplicity‐adjusted endpoints. The DPL group experienced a 30% reduction in the annualized rate of moderate‐to‐severe exacerbations (p=0.0005). DPL treatment significantly increased pre‐BD FEV1 at Week 12 vs PBO (least squares mean (LSM) difference vs PBO: 83 mL, p<.0001); sustained through Week 52 (83 mL, p=0.0003). A trend towards lower exacerbation‐associated annualized total ABX treatment duration was seen in DPL (12.50 days; SD: 10.50) vs PBO (14.63 days, SD:13.32). Safety results and treatment‐emergent adverse events were balanced. CONCLUSIONS: DPL significantly improved moderate‐severe, lung function, health‐related quality of life, and symptoms in COPD patients with T2 inflammation. DPL reduced the use of ABX days required for the treatment of AECOPD. CLINICAL IMPLICATIONS: The results from this study underscore the importance of careful clinical evaluation to identify this subset of COPD patients with T2 inflammation. These data demonstrate the safety and efficacy of DPL in patients aged 40–80 years with moderate‐to‐severe COPD for up to 52 weeks of treatment. DISCLOSURES: Employee relationship with Sanofi Please note: 2018‐Present Added 06/01/2023 by Raolat Abdulai, value=Stocks, Intellectual Property Scientific Medical Advisor relationship with AstraZeneca Please note: Jan 2016 Added 06/08/2023 by Mona Bafadhel, value=Honoraria to institution Scientific Medical Advisor relationship with ProAxsis Please note: Jan 2018 Added 06/08/2023 by Mona Bafadhel, value=nil Scientific Medical Advisor relationship with Albus Health Please note: Jan 2017 Added 06/08/2023 by Mona Bafadhel Travel to conference relationship with Chiesi Please note: May 2023 Added 06/08/2023 by Mona Bafadhel Grant Holder relationship with GSK Please note: May 2023 Added 06/08/2023 by Mona Bafadhel Grant holder relationship with Roche Please note: June 2021 Added 06/08/2023 by Mona Bafadhel Grant Holder relationship with AstraZeneca Please note: Oct 2018 Added 06/08/2023 by Mona Bafadhel Grant Holder relationship with Asthma + Lung UK Please note: Oct 2022 Added 06/08/2023 by Mona Bafadhel Employee relationship with Regeneron pharmaceuticals Please note: 8/25/2014 to current Added 06/06/2023 by Ashish Bansal Employee relationship with Sanofi Please note: 1998‐present Added 05/31/2023 by Deborah Bauer, value=Stocks Employee relationship with Sanofi Please note: 1998‐present Added 05/31/2023 by Deborah Bauer Consultant relationship with Boehringer Ingelheim Please note: 2020‐present Added 05/30/2023 by Surya Bhatt Grant support relationship with NIH Please note: 2016 ‐ present Added 05/30/2023 by Surya Bhatt Consultant relationship with Regeneron Pharmaceutical Inc. Please note: 2021‐present Added 05/30/2023 by Surya Bhatt Honorarium relationship with IntegrityCE Please note: 2023 Added 05/26/2023 by Surya Bhatt, value=Honoraria Removed 05/30/2023 by Surya Bhatt, Consultant relationship with Sanofi Please note: 2021‐present Added 05/30/2023 by Surya Bhatt Honorarium relationship with IntegrityCE Please note: 2021 Added 05/30/2023 by Surya Bhatt, value=Honoraria Writer relationship with UpToDate Please note: 6/2021‐Present Added 06/05/2023 by Stephanie Christenson, value=Royalty Non‐branded speaking engagements relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: 8/2022‐3/2023 Added 06/05/2023 by Stephanie Christenson, value=Honoraria Advisory Committee Member relationship with Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Please note: 6/2021‐12/2022 Added 06/05/2023 by Stephanie Christenson Non‐branded speaking engagement relationship with AstraZeneca Please note: 7/2021 Added 06/05/2023 by Stephanie Christenson, value=Honoraria Advisory Committee Member relationship with AstraZeneca Please note: 6/2021‐Present Added 06/05/2023 by Stephanie Christenson Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with Sanofi Please note: 7/2022‐9/2022 Added 06/05/2023 by Stephanie Christenson, value=Honoraria Consultant relationship with Regeneron Please note: 11/2021‐Present Added 06/05/2023 by Stephanie Christenson Consultant relationship with Sanofi Please note: 11/2021‐Present Added 06/05/2023 by Stephanie Christenson No relevant relationships by Jeremy Cole Advisory Committee Member relationship with AstraZeneca, Genentech, GSK, Mylan, Sanofi Please note: 2020‐2021 by Nicola Hanania, Research support relationship with Sanofi Genzyme and Genentech Please note: 2020‐2021 by Nicola Hanania, Consultant relationship with AstraZeneca, Genentech, GSK, Mylan, Sanofi Please note: 2020‐2021 by Nicola Hanania, Advisory Committee Member relationship with Regeneron, Amgen, and Teva Please note: 2020‐2021 by Nicola Hanania, Research support relationship with Boehringer Ingelheim, GSK, Novartis Please note: 2020‐2021 by Nicola Hanania, Employee relationship with Sanofi Please note: Since 2010 Added 05/31/2023 by Elizabeth Laws Employee relationship with Sanofi US Services Inc. Please note: 2015 ‐ now Added 05/31/2023 by Xin Lu Employee relationship with Regeneron Please note: 2019‐present Added 05/31/2023 by Jennifer Maloney Employee relationship with sanofi Please note: 2001‐2023 Added 06/02/2023 by Leda Mannent Employee relationship with Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Please note: April 2022 Added 05/31/2023 by Eric Mortensen, value=Stock Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with CHIESI, ASTRAZENECA, GSK, ZAMBON, MUNDIPHARMA, SANOFI Please note: since 2020 Added 05/31/2023 by Alberto Papi, value=Honoraria Advisory Committee Member relationship with Chiesi, ASTRAZENECA, GSK, SANOFI, AVILLION, MODERNA, ROCHE Please note: since 2020 Added 05/31/2023 by Alberto Papi, value=Honoraria Grant relationship with CHIESI, ASTRAZENECA, GSK, SANOFI Please note: since 2020 Added 05/31/2023 by Alberto Papi Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with Sanofi & Regeneron Please note: 2022 ‐ 2023 Added 06/06/2023 by Klaus Rabe Advisory Committee Member relationship with AstraZeneca Please note: 2022 ‐ 2023 Added 06/06/2023 by Klaus Rabe, value=Honoraria Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with AstraZeneca Please note: 2022 ‐ 2023 Added 06/06/2023 by Klaus Rabe Advisory Committee Member relationship with Boehringer Ingelheim Please note: 2022 ‐ 2023 Added 06/06/2023 by Klaus Rabe, Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with Boehringer Ingelheim Please note: 2022 ‐ 2023 Added 06/06/2023 by Klaus Rabe Advisory Committee Member relationship with Sanofi & Regeneron Please note: 2022 ‐ 2023 Added 06/06/2023 by Klaus Rabe Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with Berlin Chemie Please note: 2022 ‐ 2023 Added 06/06/2023 by Klaus Rabe, value=Honoraria Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with Chiesi Pharmaceuticals Please note: 2022 ‐ 2023 Added 06/06/2023 by Klaus Rabe Employee relationship with Sanofi Please note: 10/2021‐ present Added 05/31/2023 by Lacey Robinson Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with Viatris Please note: Spring 2021 Added 05/31/2023 by Lacey Robinson, value=Honoraria Consultant relationship with SANOFI Please note: 2018‐23 Added 06/01/2023 by Dave Singh Consultant relationship with BOEHRINGER Please note: 2018‐23 Added 06/01/2023 by Dave Singh Consultant relationship with CHIESI Please note: 2018‐23 Added 06/01/2023 by Dave Singh Consultant relationship with NOVARTIS Please note: 2018‐23 Added 06/01/2023 by Dave Singh Consultant relationship with AZ Please note: 2018‐23 Added 06/01/2023 by Dave Singh Consultant relationship with GSK Please note: 2018‐23 Added 06/01/2023 by Dave Singh Consultant relationship with CSLBEHRING Please note: 2018‐23 Added 06/01/2023 by Dave Singh Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with Boehringer Ingelheim Please note: current Added 06/01/2023 by Claus Vogelmeier, value=Honoraria Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with Sanofi Please note: current Added 06/01/2023 by Claus Vogelmeier, value=Honoraria Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with Grifols Please note: current Added 06/01/2023 by Claus Vogelmeier, value=Honoraria Advisory Committee Member relationship with Grifols Please note: current Added 06/01/2023 by Claus Vogelmeier, value=Honoraria Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with Insmed Please note: current Added 06/01/2023 by Claus Vogelmeier, value=Honoraria Advisory Committee Member relationship with Insmed Please note: current Added 06/01/2023 by Claus Vogelmeier, value=Honoraria Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with Menarini Please note: current Added 06/01/2023 by Claus Vogelmeier, value=Honoraria Advisory Committee Member relationship with Menarini Please note: current Added 06/01/2023 by Claus Vogelmeier, value=Honoraria Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with Novartis Please note: current Added 06/01/2023 by Claus Vogelmeier, value=Honoraria Advisory Committee Member relationship with Novartis Please note: current Added 06/01/2023 by Claus Vogelmeier, value=Honoraria Advisory Committee Member relationship with Nuvaira Please note: current Added 06/01/2023 by Claus Vogelmeier, value=Honoraria Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with Roche Please note: current Added 06/01/2023 by Claus Vogelmeier, value=Honoraria Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with Aerogen Please note: current Added 06/01/2023 by Claus Vogelmeier, value=Honoraria Advisory Committee Member relationship with Sanofi Please note: current Added 06/01/2023 by Claus Vogelmeier, value=Honoraria Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: current Added 06/01/2023 by Claus Vogelmeier, value=Honoraria Advisory Committee Member relationship with Chiesi Please note: current Added 06/01/2023 by Claus Vogelmeier, value=Honoraria Advisory Committee Member relationship with CSL Behring Please note: current Added 06/01/2023 by Claus Vogelmeier, value=Honoraria Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with CSL Behring Please note: current Added 06/01/2023 by Claus Vogelmeier, value=Honoraria Advisory Committee Member relationship with Boehringer Ingelhem Please note: current Added 06/01/2023 by Claus Vogelmeier, value=Honoraria Advisory Committee Member relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: current Added 06/01/2023 by Claus Vogelmeier, value=Honoraria Advisory Committee Member relationship with AstraZeneca Please note: current Added 06/01/2023 by Claus Vogelmeier, value=Honoraria Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with AstraZeneca Please note: current Added 06/01/2023 by Claus Vogelmeier, value=Honoraria
 Effect of lung deflation with indacaterol plus glycopyrronium on ventricular filling in patients with hyperinflation and COPD (CLAIM): a double-blind, randomised, crossover, placebo-controlled, single-centre trial;  BACKGROUND: Pulmonary hyperinflation in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is associated with reduced biventricular end‐diastolic volumes and increased morbidity and mortality. The combination of a long‐acting β agonist (LABA) and a muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) is more effective in reducing hyperinflation than LABA‐inhaled corticosteroid combination therapy but whether dual bronchodilation improves cardiac function is unknown. METHODS: We did a double‐blind, randomised, two‐period crossover, placebo‐controlled, single‐centre study (CLAIM) at the Fraunhofer Institute of Toxicology and Experimental Medicine (Hannover, Germany), a specialty clinic. Eligible participants were patients aged at least 40 years with COPD, pulmonary hyperinflation (defined by a baseline residual volume >135% of predicted), a smoking history of at least ten pack‐years, and airflow limitation (FEV1 <80% predicted and post‐bronchodilator FEV1: forced vital capacity <0·7). Patients with stable cardiovascular disease were eligible, but those with arrhythmias, heart failure, unstable ischaemic heart disease, or uncontrolled hypertension were not. We randomly assigned participants (1:1) to either receive a combined inhaled dual bronchodilator containing the LABA indacaterol (110 μg as maleate salt) plus the LAMA glycopyrronium (50 μg as bromide salt) once per day for 14 days, followed by a 14‐day washout, then a matched placebo for 14 days, or to receive the same treatments in reverse order. The randomisation was done using lists and was concealed from patients and investigators. The primary endpoint was the effect of indacaterol‐glycopyrronium versus placebo on left‐ventricular end‐diastolic volume measured by MRI done on day 1 (visit 4) and day 15 (visit 5) in treatment period 1 and on day 29 (visit 6) and day 43 (visit 7) in treatment period 2 in the per‐protocol population. Left‐ventricular end‐diastolic volume was indexed to body surface area. Safety was assessed in all participants who received at least one dose of the study drug. This study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT02442206. INTERPRETATION: This is the first study to analyse the effect of LABA‐LAMA combination therapy on cardiac function in patients with COPD and lung hyperinflation. Dual bronchodilation with indacaterol‐glycopyrronium significantly improved cardiac function as measured by left‐ventricular end‐diastolic volume. The results are important because of the known association of cardiovascular impairment with COPD, and support the early use of dual bronchodilation in patients with COPD who show signs of pulmonary hyperinflation. FUNDING: Novartis Pharma GmbH. FINDINGS: Between May 18, 2015, and April 20, 2017, we randomly assigned 62 eligible participants to treatment; 30 to indacaterol‐glycopyrronium followed by placebo and 32 to placebo followed by indacaterol‐glycopyrronium. The 62 randomly assigned patients were included in the intent‐to‐treat analysis. There were two protocol violations and therefore 60 were included in the per‐protocol analysis. 57 patients completed both treatment periods. After indacaterol‐glycopyrronium treatment, left‐ventricular end‐diastolic volume increased from a mean 55·46 mL/m2 (SD 15·89) at baseline to a least‐squares (LS) mean of 61·76 mL/m2 (95% CI 57·68‐65·84), compared with a change from 56·42 mL/m2 at baseline (13·54) to 56·53 mL/m2 (52·43‐60·62) after placebo (LS means treatment difference 5·23 mL/m2 [95% CI 3·22 to 7·25; p<0·0001]). The most common adverse events reported with indacaterol‐glycopyrronium were cough (in nine patients [15%] of 59) and throat irritation (in seven [12%]). With placebo, the most common adverse events reported were headache (in five patients [8%] of 61) and upper respiratory tract infection (in four [7%]). Two patients had serious adverse events: one (2%) after indacaterol‐glycopyrronium (endometrial cancer) and one (2%) after placebo (myocardial infarction); these were not thought to be treatment related. No patients died during the study.
 Effect of lung deflation with indacaterol plus glycopyrronium on ventricular filling in patients with hyperinflation and COPD (CLAIM): a double-blind, randomised, crossover, placebo-controlled, single-centre trial;  Background: Pulmonary hyperinflation in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is associated with reduced biventricular end‐diastolic volumes and increased morbidity and mortality. The combination of a long‐acting β agonist (LABA) and a muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) is more effective in reducing hyperinflation than LABA–inhaled corticosteroid combination therapy but whether dual bronchodilation improves cardiac function is unknown. Methods: We did a double‐blind, randomised, two‐period crossover, placebo‐controlled, single‐centre study (CLAIM) at the Fraunhofer Institute of Toxicology and Experimental Medicine (Hannover, Germany), a specialty clinic. Eligible participants were patients aged at least 40 years with COPD, pulmonary hyperinflation (defined by a baseline residual volume >135% of predicted), a smoking history of at least ten pack‐years, and airflow limitation (FEV1 <80% predicted and post‐bronchodilator FEV1: forced vital capacity <0·7). Patients with stable cardiovascular disease were eligible, but those with arrhythmias, heart failure, unstable ischaemic heart disease, or uncontrolled hypertension were not. We randomly assigned participants (1:1) to either receive a combined inhaled dual bronchodilator containing the LABA indacaterol (110 μg as maleate salt) plus the LAMA glycopyrronium (50 μg as bromide salt) once per day for 14 days, followed by a 14‐day washout, then a matched placebo for 14 days, or to receive the same treatments in reverse order. The randomisation was done using lists and was concealed from patients and investigators. The primary endpoint was the effect of indacaterol–glycopyrronium versus placebo on left‐ventricular end‐diastolic volume measured by MRI done on day 1 (visit 4) and day 15 (visit 5) in treatment period 1 and on day 29 (visit 6) and day 43 (visit 7) in treatment period 2 in the per‐protocol population. Left‐ventricular end‐diastolic volume was indexed to body surface area. Safety was assessed in all participants who received at least one dose of the study drug. This study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT02442206. Findings: Between May 18, 2015, and April 20, 2017, we randomly assigned 62 eligible participants to treatment; 30 to indacaterol–glycopyrronium followed by placebo and 32 to placebo followed by indacaterol–glycopyrronium. The 62 randomly assigned patients were included in the intent‐to‐treat analysis. There were two protocol violations and therefore 60 were included in the per‐protocol analysis. 57 patients completed both treatment periods. After indacaterol–glycopyrronium treatment, left‐ventricular end‐diastolic volume increased from a mean 55·46 mL/m2 (SD 15·89) at baseline to a least‐squares (LS) mean of 61·76 mL/m2 (95% CI 57·68–65·84), compared with a change from 56·42 mL/m2 at baseline (13·54) to 56·53 mL/m2 (52·43–60·62) after placebo (LS means treatment difference 5·23 mL/m2 [95% CI 3·22 to 7·25; p<0·0001]). The most common adverse events reported with indacaterol–glycopyrronium were cough (in nine patients [15%] of 59) and throat irritation (in seven [12%]). With placebo, the most common adverse events reported were headache (in five patients [8%] of 61) and upper respiratory tract infection (in four [7%]). Two patients had serious adverse events: one (2%) after indacaterol–glycopyrronium (endometrial cancer) and one (2%) after placebo (myocardial infarction); these were not thought to be treatment related. No patients died during the study. Interpretation: This is the first study to analyse the effect of LABA–LAMA combination therapy on cardiac function in patients with COPD and lung hyperinflation. Dual bronchodilation with indacaterol–glycopyrronium significantly improved cardiac function as measured by left‐ventricular end‐diastolic volume. The results are important because of the known association of cardiovascular impairment with COPD, and support the early use of dual bronchodilation in patients with COPD who show signs of pulmonary hyperinflation. Funding: Novartis Pharma GmbH.
 A study to test a potential new treatment for COPD patients suffering from the common cold or influenza;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: Interferon beta‐1a (IFN‐ß1a) Product Code: SNG001 Pharmaceutical Form: Nebuliser solution INN or Proposed INN: Interferon beta‐1a CAS Number: 145258‐61‐3 Current Sponsor code: SNG001 Concentration unit: million IU million international units Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 12‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Nebuliser solution Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use CONDITION: Patients with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD). In part 1 of the study the patients are in stable state. In part 2 of the study patients have a respiratory virus infection (i.e. cold or flu virus). ; MedDRA version: 20.0 Level: LLT Classification code 10010953 Term: COPD exacerbation System Organ Class: 100000015472 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): There are no secondary endpoints for this study. This is a Phase II exploratory study which aims to both confirm the effect of inhaled SNG001 on the upregulation of IFN‐ß driven anti‐viral biomarkers in conjunction with assessing impact on efficacy and safety measures for COPD patients with and without respiratory viral induced exacerbations. As such, the outcome measures assessed during the study are considered of equal importance to meet the study objectives and are listed as co‐primary endpoints in section E5‐1. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Not applicable. INCLUSION CRITERIA: PART 1 1. Male or female, between and including 40‐75 years of age, at the time of the screening visit. 2. A confirmed physician diagnosis of COPD or a medical history consistent with a diagnosis of COPD for at least 12 months prior to the screening visit. 3. Post bronchodilator FEV1/FVC ratio <0.7. 4. Post bronchodilator FEV1 =40% of predicted (at screening and post sputum induction pre‐dose). 5. Should have stable COPD, having no symptoms of an exacerbation and/or respiratory tract infection currently and/or within the past 6 weeks of screening and/or randomisation. 6. Should be prescribed and taking regularly one or more long acting bronchodilator (e.g. long acting ß2 agonist (LABA), long acting muscarinic antagonist [LAMA]) with or without an inhaled corticosteroid maintenance therapies for their COPD. 7. Patients who produce sputum most days. 8. Provide written informed consent. 9. The patient produced an adequate sputum sa PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: We want to see if SNG001 activates antiviral defences in the lungs of people with COPD. We are interested in doing this because COPD patients often suffer badly when they get colds, it seems that the colds really hit their chest. SNG001 is an inhaled form of interferon beta, an antiviral protein we all make when we have a viral infection. Data has shown that interferon beta boosts COPD cell defences in the laboratory. We hope we can boost the lungs defences in COPD patients by delivering SNG001 by inhaler directly into the lungs of patients when they have a confirmed virus infection. We can measure this in sputum (phlegm) during the trial. Primary end point(s): Part 1; The following outcome measures will be used to assess respiratory function, induction of biomarkers and general safety and tolerability as co‐primary endpoints of equal importance:; ‐ Forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) and forced vital capacity (FVC); ‐ Changes in sputum differential cell counts; ‐ Anti‐viral IFN‐stimulated genes (eg, MXA, 2’‐5’ OAS, GBP1, IFIT2, CXCL10) in cells from expectorated sputum; ‐ General safety and tolerability measures including changes in incidence of adverse events, vital signs, ECG readings, haematology, blood chemistry, coagulation and urinalysis.; ; Part 2; The following outcome measures will be used to assess induction of anti‐viral biomarkers, efficacy and general safety and tolerability as co‐primary endpoints of equal importance:; ‐ Anti‐viral IFN‐stimulated genes (eg, MXA, 2’‐5’ OAS, GBP1, IFIT2, CXCL10) in cells from expectorated sputum; ‐ CXCL10 in blood samples; ‐ Changes in FEV1 during the treatment period and between days 1 and 13, and the end of study; ‐ Changes in Breathlessness, cough and sputum scale (BCSS) score and time to return to normal symptoms post a moderate exacerbation (Group B only); ‐ Sputum viral load; ‐ Sputum bacterial load and identification; ‐ Clinical assessment by physician; ‐ Reliever medication usage during the treatment period; ‐ Antibiotic and oral corticosteroid usage between Day 14 and April 2018; ‐ Patient perceived efficacy; ‐ General safety and tolerability measures including changes in incidence of adverse events, vital signs, ECG readings, haematology, blood chemistry, coagulation and urinalysis.; Secondary Objective: We will also want to see if lung function and symptoms scores suggest a potential clinical benefit of SNG001. This will help with the design of future trials.; ; SNG001 has been delivered safely to more than 130 asthma patients before, and it showed some clinical benefit, this is the first time it has been delivered to COPD patients, so we will dose 10 (8 SNG001, 2 placebo) patients when they haven’t got a cold, before moving onto the main part of the study, where 80 patients will be dosed. Thus an important aspect of the trial is the assessment of the safety of SNG001 in COPD patients.; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Included above (E5‐1).
 COPD EXACERBATION RATE BY BASELINE COPD ASSESSMENT TEST SCORE IN THE DYNAGITO STUDY;  SESSION TITLE: Wednesday Electronic Posters 3 SESSION TYPE: Original Inv Poster Discussion PRESENTED ON: 10/23/2019 09:45 AM ‐ 10:45 AM PURPOSE: The Global Initiative for Chronic Obstructive Lung Disease (GOLD) strategy document defines patients with symptomatic chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) as those with a COPD Assessment Test (CAT) score cut‐off of 10. We investigated whether baseline CAT score predicted the rate of exacerbations treated with antibiotics, systemic corticosteroids or both in patients with a history of exacerbations in the DYNAGITO study. METHODS: DYNAGITO was a 52‐week, double‐blind, randomized clinical trial in patients with COPD with forced expiratory volume in 1 second <60% predicted and at least 1 moderate‐to‐severe exacerbation in the previous year (NCT02296138). Patients received tiotropium/olodaterol 5/5 µg or tiotropium 5 µg once daily. In this post hoc analysis, we have pooled the treatment arms. A negative binomial model adjusted for treatment, baseline smoking status, inhaled corticosteroid use at screening, GOLD stage, region and exacerbation history was used to analyze exacerbation rate. RESULTS: At baseline, 920 patients were categorized with CAT score 0–9, 3,810 with 10–20, 2,681 with 21–30 and 442 with 31–40. Patients with a history of ≥2 exacerbations in the previous year had higher CAT scores at baseline (46.6% CAT 21–40) than patients with 0 or 1 exacerbation in the previous year (37.1% CAT 21–40). The adjusted rate of moderate‐to‐severe exacerbations was higher in patients with a higher CAT score at baseline (0.93 and 0.96 per patient‐year in patients with CAT 21–30 and 31–40, respectively) than in those with a lower CAT score (0.62 and 0.79 in patients with CAT 0–9 and 10–20, respectively; P<0.05 for all comparisons except 21 ‐30 versus 31 ‐40). The rate of exacerbations treated with both corticosteroids and antibiotics rose with increasing CAT score: 0.29, 0.38, 0.49 and 0.52 per patient‐year for CAT 0 ‐9, 10 ‐20, 21 ‐30 and 31 ‐40, respectively. The rate of exacerbations treated with antibiotics only was similar across CAT subgroups (0.24 ‐0.25 per patient‐year), and events treated with corticosteroids alone were less frequent in patients with CAT 0 ‐9 (0.07 per patient‐year), but similar across the other CAT subgroups (0.14 ‐0.15 per patient‐year). CONCLUSIONS: CAT score was higher among patients with 2 or more exacerbations. High baseline CAT score predicted a higher rate of moderate‐to‐severe exacerbations and a more aggressive treatment of events, demonstrated by a higher rate of exacerbations treated with both corticosteroids and antibiotics. CLINICAL IMPLICATIONS: In patients with a history of exacerbations, symptom burden defined by higher CAT scores was associated with a higher rate of exacerbations, particularly those treated with both corticosteroids and antibiotics, in patients with COPD. DISCLOSURES: Consultant relationship with Boehringer Ingelheim Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 03/13/2019 by Antonio Anzueto, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Removed 03/13/2019 by Antonio Anzueto, source=Web Response Consultant relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 03/13/2019 by Antonio Anzueto, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Removed 03/13/2019 by Antonio Anzueto, source=Web Response Consultant relationship with AstraZeneca Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 03/13/2019 by Antonio Anzueto, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee+travel Consultant Consultant relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 03/13/2019 by Antonio Anzueto, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee+travel Consultant relationship with Sunovion Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 03/13/2019 by Antonio Anzueto, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee+travel Advisory Committee Member relationship with Boehringer Ingelheim Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 03/12/2019 by Peter Calverley, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with Boehringer Ingelheim Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 03/12/2019 by Peter Calverley, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with Boehringer Ingelheim Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 03/12/2019 by Peter Calverley, source=Web Response, value=Travel Advisory Committee Member relationship with Boehringer Ingelheim Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 03/12/2019 by Peter Calverley, source=Web Response, value=Travel Employee relationship with Boehringer Ingelheim Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 03/14/2019 by Alberto de la Hoz, source=Web Response, value=Salary Consultant relationship with Boehringer Ingelheim Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 03/21/2019 by Christine Jenkins, source=Admin input, value=Consulting fee Scientific Medical Advisor relationship with Boehringer Ingelheim Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 03/22/2019 by Klaus Rabe, source=Admin input, value=Consulting fee Scientific Medical Advisor relationship with Takeda Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 03/22/2019 by Klaus Rabe, source=Admin input, value=Grant/Research Support Scientific Medical Advisor relationship with AstraZeneca Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 03/22/2019 by Klaus Rabe, source=Admin input, value=Consulting fee Scientific Medical Advisor relationship with Novartis Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 03/22/2019 by Klaus Rabe, source=Admin input, value=Consulting fee Scientific Medical Advisor relationship with Chiesi Pharmaceuticals Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 03/22/2019 by Klaus Rabe, source=Admin input, value=Consulting fee Employee relationship with Boehringer Ingelheim Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 03/13/2019 by Florian Voß, source=Web Response, value=Salary Other relationship with GSK Please note: >$100000 Added 03/12/2019 by Jadwiga Wedzicha, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Other relationship with Boehringer Please note: >$100000 Added 03/12/2019 by Jadwiga Wedzicha, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Other relationship with Astra Zeneca Please note: >$100000 Added 03/12/2019 by Jadwiga Wedzicha, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Other relationship with Novartis Please note: >$100000 Added 03/12/2019 by Jadwiga Wedzicha, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Other relationship with Chiesi Please note: >$100000 Added 03/12/2019 by Jadwiga Wedzicha, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support
 IMPROVEMENTS IN HEALTH STATUS WITH REVEFENACIN: a POST HOC ANALYSIS OF ST GEORGE'S RESPIRATORY QUESTIONNAIRE IN PATIENT SUBGROUPS FROM REPLICATE PHASE 3 TRIALS;  SESSION TITLE: Obstructive Lung Disease Posters SESSION TYPE: Original Investigation Posters PRESENTED ON: October 18‐21, 2020 PURPOSE: Revefenacin (REV), a long‐acting muscarinic antagonist, is approved for the maintenance treatment of patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Previous phase 3 trials showed significant bronchodilation in patients with COPD in response to once‐daily REV and significant improvements in St George’s Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ). This post hoc analysis assessed SGRQ in prespecified subgroups of patients with moderate to very severe COPD defined by certain demographic and clinical characteristics. METHODS: Changes in health status were analyzed, pooled from replicate 12‐week phase 3 studies (0126 [NCT02459080]/0127 [NCT02512510]), REV 175 μg vs placebo [PBO]) using SGRQ patient‐reported outcomes administered at day 85. RESULTS: Statistically significant (P<0.05) improvements in SGRQ total scores were found with REV vs PBO by age group: <65 years (least square mean difference [95% confidence interval] vs PBO −4.23 [−6.25, −2.21]), ≥65 years (−3.15 [−5.25, −1.04]); inhaled corticosteroid use: yes (−3.73 [−6.00, −1.48]), no (−3.47 [−5.39, −1.55]); baseline post‐bronchodilator percent predicted forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1): <50% (−5.65 [−8.12, −3.18]), ≥50% (−2.74 [−4.55, −0.94]); symptom improvement by modified Medical Research Council Dyspnea Scale (mMRC): <2 (−2.97 [−5.00, −0.95]), ≥2 (−4.35 [−6.43, −2.26]); smoking status: current smoker (−5.22 [−7.35, −3.10]), former smoker (−2.26 [−4.26, −0.26]). Statistical significance of REV over PBO was also reached in the subgroup of patients not concurrently using a long‐acting β‐agonist (LABA)‐containing product (−3.73 [−5.20, −2.27]). However, statistically significant improvements in SGRQ total scores were not observed in patients taking concomitant LABA (3.35 [−10.69, 17.39]; P=0.64). CONCLUSIONS: Improvements in health status based on SGRQ occurred in REV‐treated patients regardless of demographics (age <65 or ≥65 years, current or former smoker) and clinical characteristics, including patients with severe markers of disease (FEV1 <50%, mMRC ≥2). These findings further support the use of revefenacin as a once‐daily bronchodilator for the maintenance treatment of patients with COPD. CLINICAL IMPLICATIONS: Maintenance treatment with REV may improve the health status of patients with COPD. DISCLOSURES: Employee relationship with Theravance Biopharma Please note: >$100000 Added 04/30/2020 by Glenn Crater, source=Web Response, value=Salary Own Stock relationship with Theravance Biopharma Please note: >$100000 Added 04/30/2020 by Glenn Crater, source=Web Response, value=Ownership No relevant relationships by James Donohue, source=Web Response Consultant relationship with Theravance BioPharma, Inc Please note: >$100000 by David Lombardi, source=Web Response, value=Consulting Consultant relationship with Forest, Please note: $1‐$1000 Added 04/07/2020 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Removed 04/07/2020 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response Grant/Research Support relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: >$100000 Added 04/15/2020 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with Pearl Please note: >$100000 Added 04/15/2020 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with Theravance Biopharma US, Inc. Please note: >$100000 Added 04/15/2020 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with Novartis Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 04/15/2020 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with Chiesi USA Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 04/15/2020 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with West‐Ward Please note: >$100000 Added 04/15/2020 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with Seer, Inc. Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 04/15/2020 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with CompleWare Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 04/15/2020 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with Sanofi Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 04/15/2020 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with Evidera Please note: >$100000 Added 04/15/2020 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with Novum Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 04/15/2020 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with Cipla Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 04/15/2020 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with ResTORbio Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 04/15/2020 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Grant/Research Support relationship with Sunovion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 04/15/2020 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 04/15/2020 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Speaker/Speaker's relationship with Sunovion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 04/15/2020 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with Mylan Inc./Theravance Biopharma US, Inc. Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 04/15/2020 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Consultant relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 04/15/2020 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Consultant relationship with AstraZeneca Please note: $1‐$1000 Added 04/15/2020 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee
 Effect of Dual Bronchodilation With Umeclidinium/Vilanterol on Patients With COPD, Hyperinflation and Heart Failure;  Phase IV clinical trial, single‐center, double‐blind, randomized, two‐period crossover, placebo‐controlled, to determine the effect of treatment with umeclidinium/vilanterol 55/22 μg compared with placebo on the increase in left systolic chamber function during exercise in patients with COPD, lung hyperinflation and mild to moderate left ventricular dysfunction. The participants will be patients from the outpatient offices of the Cardiology, Pulmonology and Internal Medicine departments of the Gregorio Marañon University Hospital in Madrid, over 40 years of age with a diagnosis of COPD, lung hyperinflation with a residual volume more than 135 % and stable heart failure with a left ventricular ejection fraction between 35‐55%. Patients will be randomly assigned (1:1) to either umeclidinium/vilanterol 55/22 μg Ellipta for 14 days followed by a washout period of 14 days and then placebo for 14 days, or the same treatments in reverse order. The randomization numbers will be generated by blocks of 4 elements selected with a computer‐generated random list. Patients, investigators, individuals in charge of the assessments, sponsor, CRO staff, and data analysts will be blinded to the identity and assignment of the treatments from the time of randomization until database lock, using the following methods: 1. Randomization data will be kept confidential until the time of unmasking (unlocking the database) and will not be accessible to anyone else involved in the study and 2. The identities of the treatments will be concealed by the use of active drugs and placebo identical in packaging, labeling, schedule of administration, appearance, and taste. Two crossover treatment periods (treatments 1 and 2) of 14 days each separated by 14 days washout, and follow‐up. The active treatment will be a combination of umeclidinium/vilanterol 55/22 μg Ellipta given by inhalation once per day over 14 days. Matching placebo will be used as a control. Any ongoing hypertensive and cardiovascular medications (including beta‐blockers if prescribed) will be kept stable throughout the study. All previous COPD medications except inhaled corticosteroids (if dose stable for at least 30 days) will be withdrawn. Patients will be given salbutamol as rescue medication throughout the study and the respective study drugs in the treatment phases. All adverse effects (AEs) spontaneously referred to either by the patients or during the visits will be registered and notified. All AEs will be collected, including those that are not considered associated with the study treatment. All clinical information will be anonymously recorded in an e‐CRF system programmed using in‐house resources. Any abnormal result of the study variables that the investigator considers clinically significant and require adjustments or transient or permanent interruption of treatment or any type of intervention or diagnostic evaluation to assess the associated risk for the patient will be collected as an adverse event and should be investigated and monitored adequately. During the study, cardiac parameters will be determined by exercise echocardiography and MRI and assessed by experienced cardiologists (with cardiac MRI experience) blinded to all clinical and trial‐related data. Lung function will be assessed using constant‐volume body plethysmography and spirometry in accordance with the American Thoracic Society and European Respiratory Society standards. Patients will undergo a symptom‐limited bicycle‐exercise test at 30⁰ lateral decubitus in a dedicated ergometer (Easystress, Ecogito Medical SPRL, Liege, Belgium). Workrate will be initiated at 25 W and increased by 15 W every 3 min. The gas exchange will be simultaneously analyzed breath‐by‐breath (Ergostik, Geratherm, Germany). Doppler‐derived stroke volume, systolic ejection period, and left ventricular outflow tract, at a specific point from the aortic valve, will be measured as recommended. The LV outflow tract cross‐sectional area will be assumed constant so that the change in SV will be determined by the change in the outflow tract time‐velocity integral as measured by pulsed‐wave Doppler. We have recently validated the Doppler‐derived method for measuring SV during exercise. Baseline LV volumes and ejection fraction will be measured using the biplane Simpson's method. In addition, color‐Doppler M‐mode images will be acquired at baseline and during all exercise phases both for the ejection and diastolic phases at the outflow and inflow tract locations, respectively. These recordings have been validated both in clinical and preclinical studies as robust and load‐independent indices of global LV systolic chamber function and diastolic suction, respectively. Furthermore, the ejection intraventricular pressure difference (EIVPD) is a simple but very sensitive method to detect subtle changes in LV systolic function, undetectable by other conventional methods. Because frequently patients do not reach the anaerobic threshold during exercise echocardiography (decubitus…), a separate maximal ergospirometry on a cycle ergometer will be performed to measure peak exercise capacity. The cycle ergometer (ER‐900, Vyasis, Hochberg, Germany) exercise test will start with a period of quiet breathing for at least 3 min followed by unloaded pedaling for 3 min, thereafter an immediate increase in work rate to 10 W and then by further increments of 10 W every minute until symptom limitation during which breath by breath gas exchange ( i.e. VO2 and VCO2) (Oxycon‐pro Vyasis, Hoechberg Germany) lactate threshold (if attained by the patient) maximum ventilation and heart‐rate dyspnea, inspiratory capacity and exercise flow‐volume loops (every 2 min) and HR recovery rate will be measured. Peak oxygen uptake will be defined as the greatest work rate that was maintained for ≥30 s at 50‐70 rpm. Patients will undergo a conventional cardiac MRI study (Philips Achieva 1.5 T) without gadolinium to assess the size of the left and right ventricles. In addition, phase‐contrast studies will be obtained to address cardiac output and flow characteristics at the level of the aorta and the main pulmonary artery, as previously described. Patient reported outcomes will be assessed using the COPD assessment test (CAT) to measure health status and the transition dyspnea index to measure dyspnea. External data monitorization and Adverse Event Reporting shall be contracted to an independent CRO, following current standards of clinical investigation Primary objective: To address the effect (compared with placebo) of umeclidinium/vilanterol 55/22 μg on the increase in exercise stroke volume (from baseline). Secondary objectives: To address the effect (compared with placebo) of umeclidinium/vilanterol 55/22 μg on the reduction of dynamic hyperinflation (from baseline). To address the effect (compared with placebo) of umeclidinium/vilanterol 55/22 μg on resting cardiac function (from baseline). To address the effect (compared with placebo) of umeclidinium/vilanterol 55/22 μg on PROMs (patient‐reported outcomes measurement) from baseline.
 Efficacy of indacaterol in COPD is maintained irrespective of inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) use;  Introduction: Indacaterol is a once‐daily inhaled β ‐agonist bronchodilator for COPD. Aim: Pooled analysis to determine indacaterol efficacy in subgroups of COPD patients (pts) receiving ICS or not. Methods: Data from 4088 pts with moderate‐to‐severe COPD in 3 randomized, double‐blind, placebocontrolled studies of indacaterol 150 and 300μg od, tiotropium 18μg od (open‐label), formoterol 12μg bid & salmeterol 50μg bid were pooled: 44% of pts had baseline ICS use, 56% no ICS use. Endpoints at 6 months: trough FEV1 , transition dyspnoea index (TDI) and St George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) total scores. The% of pts with clinically important difference in TDI and SGRQ were analysed as odds ratios (OR). Results: Differences vs placebo (n=661 not on ICS, 524 on ICS) (∗p<0.05, ∗∗p<0.01, ∗∗∗p≤0.001) in pts not on ICS (“no”) or on ICS (“ICS”) ( p<0.05 vs tiotropium, p<0.05 vs formoterol, p<0.05 vs salmeterol, p<0.05 vs indacaterol 150μg). Conclusions: Indacaterol improved FEV1 and clinical outcomes after 6 months in patients not receiving ICS and those on ICS.
 Journal Club: do Inhaled Corticosteroids Reduce All-Cause Mortality in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease? What is the Latest Evidence?;  Rationale: The IMPACT (Informing the Pathway of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease Treatment) trial demonstrated a significant reduction in all‐cause mortality (ACM) risk with fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) versus UMEC/VI in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) at risk of future exacerbations. Five hundred seventy‐four patients were censored in the original analysis owing to incomplete vital status information. Objectives: Report ACM and impact of stepping down therapy, following collection of additional vital status data. Methods: Patients were randomized 2:2:1 to FF/ UMEC/VI 100/62.5/25μg, FF/VI 100/25μg, or UMEC/VI 62.5/25μg following a run‐in on their COPD therapies. Time to ACM was prespecified. Additional vital status data collection and subsequent analyses were performed post hoc. Measurements and Main Results: We report vital status data for 99.6% of the intention‐to‐treat population (n=10,355), documenting 98 (2.36%) deaths on FF/UMEC/VI, 109 (2.64%) on FF/VI, and 66 (3.19%) on UMEC/VI. For FF/UMEC/VI, the hazard ratio for death was 0.72 (95% confidence interval, 0.53–0.99; P=0.042) versus UMEC/VI and 0.89 (95% confidence interval, 0.67–1.16; P=0.387) versus FF/VI. Independent adjudication confirmed lower rates of cardiovascular and respiratory death and death associated with the patient’s COPD. Conclusions: In this secondary analysis of an efficacy outcome from the IMPACT trial, once‐daily single‐inhaler FF/UMEC/VI triple therapy reduced the risk of ACM versus UMEC/VI in patients with symptomatic COPD and a history of exacerbations.
 Daily home-based spirometry during withdrawal of inhaled corticosteroid in severe to very severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  The WISDOM study (NCT00975195) reported a change in lung function following withdrawal of fluticasone propionate in patients with severe to very severe COPD treated with tiotropium and salmeterol. However, little is known about the validity of home‐based spirometry measurements of lung function in COPD. Therefore, as part of this study, following suitable training, patients recorded daily home‐based spirometry measurements in addition to undergoing periodic in‐clinic spirometric testing throughout the study duration. We subsequently determined the validity of home‐based spirometry for detecting changes in lung function by comparing in‐clinic and home‐based forced expiratory volume in 1 second in patients who underwent stepwise fluticasone propionate withdrawal over 12 weeks versus patients remaining on fluticasone propionate for 52 weeks. Bland‐Altman analysis of these data confirmed good agreement between in‐clinic and home‐based measurements, both across all visits and at the individual visits at study weeks 6, 12, 18, and 52. There was a measurable difference between the forced expiratory volume in 1 second values recorded at home and in the clinic (mean difference of ‐0.05 L), which may be due to suboptimal patient effort in performing unsupervised recordings. However, this difference remained consistent over time. Overall, these data demonstrate that home‐based and in‐clinic spirometric measurements were equally valid and reliable for assessing lung function in patients with COPD, and suggest that home‐based spirometry may be a useful tool to facilitate analysis of changes in lung function on a day‐to‐day basis.
 The wisdom study: assessing lung function and exacerbation with inhaled corticosteroid withdrawal in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  Background: The WISDOM study (NCT00975195) was a 1‐year, doubleblind, parallel‐group trial in 2,485 patients with severe to very severe COPD (post‐bronchodilator FEV1 <50% predicted). Patients received salmeterol, tiotropium, and ICS during a 6‐week run‐in period, before randomization to continue the same treatment or discontinue ICS in a stepwise manner. WISDOM demonstrated that risk of moderate or severe exacerbations was noninferior in patients discontinuing ICS compared to those continuing ICS. However, patients in the ICS‐withdrawal arm had a small reduction in trough FEV1 (‐43 mL; p<0.01) [Magnussen H et al. N Engl J Med 2014;371:1285‐94]. Post hoc, we analyzed the relationship between magnitude of change in trough FEV1 and moderate or severe exacerbations. Methods: All patients were categorized into 3 groups according to tertiles (33rd and 67th percentiles) of the change from baseline in trough FEV1 after 1 year of treatment: decrease (<‐130 mL), medium change (≥‐130 mL to <20 mL), or increase (≥20 mL). Incidence and rate of exacerbation were analyzed by trough FEV1 change group for all patients and in each treatment arm using descriptive statistics. Results: Demographic and patient characteristics at baseline were comparable between the groups by tertile of trough FEV1 change; however, there were slightly fewer patients with very severe airflow limitation (FEV1 <30% predicted) at screening in the decrease group (32%) compared to the medium change (43%) and increase (38%) groups. The percentage of patients with at least one moderate or severe on‐treatment exacerbation was similar between the decrease and increase trough FEV1 change groups, and was ∼10% higher in the medium change group, in both treatment arms (Table). The percentage of patients who had at least one severe exacerbation was slightly higher in the medium change group compared to the increase and decrease groups in both treatment arms. Conclusion: In the WISDOM study, no apparent relationship was observed between the magnitude of change in trough FEV1 and exacerbations over 1 year of treatment in patients with severe to very severe COPD. ICS withdrawal did not appear to have an effect on the number of exacerbations in each group of trough FEV1 change, which is consistent with the overall findings of the WISDOM study. (Table Presented).
 Effect on Attendance if Including Focused Information of Spirometry in Preventive Health Checks;  Background: Lung diseases are among the most frequent and most serious ailments in Denmark. Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is the fourth most frequent cause of death and represents a significant burden on the health care system, the patients and their relatives. The National Board of Health in Denmark recommends spirometry to all individuals over 35 years who present at least one respiratory symptom (dyspnea, cough, wheeze or sputum production) or risk factors (prior or current smoking or relevant occupational exposure) in order to facilitate early detection of COPD. However approximately 200,000 citizens with COPD remain undiagnosed and unknown to the health care system. Preventive health checks including spirometry can be used to detect lung diseases earlier. In a Danish municipality, the Check your Health Preventive Programme (CHPP) was initiated, offering preventive health checks to all 30 to 49 year‐old citizens. This health promotion program provides the unique opportunity to evaluate single components of preventive health check in a real‐life setting. Only a few previous studies have included spirometry in a preventive health check. Over time the attendance at preventive health checks has decreased and at present the response rate is approximately 50%. Little is known about initiatives that can influence the attendance rate according to preventive health checks. The aim of the study is to examine whether focused information on spirometry in the invitation material will influence the attendance in preventive health checks. The investigators hypothesize that spirometry as part of the preventive health check will increase the attendance in CHPP from 53% to 58% and the increase will be among prior and current smokers. Materiel/Methods: Check your health preventive program (CHPP): The present study is embedded in the fourth year of the above mentioned CHPP. In CHPP, all citizens living in the municipality of Randers aged 30‐49 years per 1st of January 2012 were identified in the Danish Civil Registration System. CHPP is a house‐hold cluster randomized controlled trial offering a preventive health check to all 30 to 49 year old citizens in a Danish municipality during the years 2012 to 2017 (n= 26,216). The citizens were randomized by household into 5 groups of equal size, each corresponding to a specific year where they would be invited to a health check. Invitations with a prefixed appointment for the health check and information about the health check were dispatched continuously Setting: The health checks and the subsequent health behavioral courses are performed at a local health care center. The subsequent health interview takes place at the participants own general practitioner. The health checks will be conducted by health professionals who have experience with all measurement procedures as well as in risk communication to ensure standardization and quality. The health check: Prior to the health check the participants are asked to answer a web‐based questionnaire regarding physical activity, self‐rated health, mental health, smoking and alcohol. The clinical examination include following measures: biochemical (total cholesterol, lower density lipoprotein (LDL), glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c)), systolic and diastolic blood pressure, bodyweight, height, spirometry and Aastrands submaximal bike‐test (cardiorespiratory fitness). At the end of the health check, the results are presented in a profile pamphlet including recommendations for follow up according to their risk‐profile. Execution of the health check is standardized by a written protocol and adherence is checked continuously. Questionnaire: Based on questionnaire data the following categorical variables will be described for all attendees: ‐ Age will be divided into four groups; 30‐35, 36‐40, 41‐45 and 46‐50 ‐ Smoking status will be classified as smoker, ex‐smoker, or never smoker and supplied with information about pack years. ‐ Airway symptoms (dyspnoea, wheezing or coughing) during the last four weeks will be divided into ‐ All of the time ‐ Most of the time ‐ Now and then ‐ Rarely ‐ Not at all The present study: This is a randomized controlled trial on attendance in preventive health check. From November 2015 until November 2016, 4,356 CHPP‐citizens will be randomized further to either intervention or control in the present trial: The intervention group receives an invitation which highlights the value of spirometry as part of a health check. The invitation is made in collaboration with the Danish Lung Association and has been tested on a focus group before the invitations are dispatched. The control group will receive a standard invitation. Primary outcome measure is effect on attendance. Secondary outcome is the percentage of participants with abnormal spirometry assessed at the preventive health check. The characteristics of the 2 groups will be described according to sex, age, smoking history, spirometry values and lung symptoms. The intervention, the outcome and the group assignment in this trial are not revealed in the invitation for the citizens. Randomization is handled by an independent statistician. Sample size: The sample size is estimated to 4,356 participants in total and is calculated on the basis of the following assumptions: 1:1 randomization, two‐sided significance level of 0.05, power of 0.9, intracluster correlation coefficient of 0.01 and with an average of 1.5 citizens in each household, we calculated the design effect to be 1.05. Calculations are further based on the objective of being able to detect a difference of 5% in effect size of attendance. The investigators determined this 5% difference to be clinically meaningful based on expert opinions and criteria employed in other research. The intracluster correlation coefficient was included to reflect a possible clustering effect of the general practitioners (n = 46), which is seldom greater than 0.01 in primary care settings. Statistic analysis plan: ‐The main outcomes Effect of the intervention on attendance will be estimated by differences in the proportion of citizens attending the health check in each of the groups. Crude and adjusted estimates of the difference in proportion will be based on binominal regression. Also these estimates will be compared with estimates based on propensity scores. Furthermore, a descriptive analysis of attendees and non‐attendees will be performed regarding sex, age, smoking history, self‐reported lung symptoms and spirometry measurements. The analysis will follow the intention to treat principle. For each of the endpoints, the number and percentage of individuals experiencing the endpoint will be presented, by randomisation group. Binominal regression will be used to estimate the difference in proportion between the two groups, and 95% confidence interval, comparing the intervention group with the comparison group. The baseline measure of the outcome will be included as a covariate in the model. If the distribution of the outcome is skewed, a log transformation will be used. Prevention of missing data : Treatment of missing data: Hypothesis: Legal and ethical aspects: The study has been presented to The Scientific Ethics Committee and it is considered as routine data and thus ethical approval is not needed for the trial. ‐Analysis of the baseline characteristics For the descriptive part of this study, bivariate and multivariate analysis will be performed. Continuous variables e.g. height and weight are presented as mean ± standard deviation, unless the variable has a highly skewed distribution, in which case, medians, 25th and 75th percentiles will be presented. For categorical variables, e.g. smoking status, civil status, and sex, the number and percentage of individuals within each category will be presented as absolute numbers and relative (%) frequencies. Anova will be used when comparing means or changes in means of numerical variables; and Chi2‐test will be used when comparing proportions for categorical variables. Categorical outcomes will be analysed with logistic regression. The statistical significance level is set at p < 0.05. Statistical analysis will be performed using STATA 14.0 software. The primary trial analysis will use an Intention To Treat (ITT) population, which includes all participants in the group to which they were randomised, regardless of the amount of intervention actually received. The only exclusion criterion is terminal illness as reported by the general practitioner. To prevent attendees refusing to participate, households are invited together and two reminders are sent out. Furthermore, appointments are scheduled outside of work hours. Finally, we have the unique opportunity to use the Danish registers as a population‐based health care database with information about the non‐attendees, described below. ‐ Missing values due to incomplete clinical measurements or questionnaires Records with missing data due to incomplete questionnaires and incomplete spirometry measurements will be excluded. Sensitivity analysis will be performed and it will be considered if data are missing at random or not at random. Afterwards complete case analysis will be performed. ‐ Missing values of non‐attendees As we have no clinical measurements or any answered questionnaires on the non‐attendees, these data will be obtained from the Danish national registers. Sensitivity analysis will be performed and it will be considered if data are missing at random or not at random. Afterwards complete case analysis will be performed. The results from the present study are expected to contribute with important knowledge about the value of information on spirometry in invitations to health checks measured at different levels of attendance ‐ as described above. The study will comply with the declaration of Helsinki and according to the Danish Health Law each of the participants will provide written informed consent for data to be used for research. Approval by The Danish Data Protection Agency is obtained (2014‐54‐0704). ‐ Non‐attendees will be described on following parameters: ‐ Sociodemographic: Education level, sex, age, ethnicity and civil status from 2016 using Danish Civil Registration System(CRS) ‐ Socioeconomics: income and transfer payments from 2016 using the Danish Civil Registration System(CRS) . ‐ Contacts to their general practitioner from 2014‐16 using reimbursement to the general practitioner from the Danish National Health Service Register. ‐ Prescriptions of respiratory medicine from 2014‐16 using the information about redeemed medication from the Danish National Prescription Register by using the ATC group R03 from 1995‐2013. We categorized the drugs into rescue drugs against airway symptoms e.g. SABA / SAMA and chronic drugs against airway symptoms e.g. SABA/ SAMA, LABA/LAMA, leukotriene inhibitors, theophylline and inhaled corticosteroids.
 Time to COPD exacerbation in the Tonado studies by disease severity (global initiative for chronic obstructive lung disease [GOLD]) and baseline inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) use;  PURPOSE: Reducing exacerbations is a key goal of COPD treatment due to their detrimental effects on lung function and health status. The Phase III, TONADO studies assessed efficacy and safety of tiotropium + olodaterol (T+O) in patients with moderate to very severe COPD. We investigated if GOLD stage and baseline ICS use are prognostic for the number of patients with, and time to first, COPD exacerbation, irrespective of treatment arm. METHODS: TONADO 1 and 2 were replicate, 52‐week, double‐blind, parallel‐group studies (1237.5, NCT01431274; 1237.6, NCT01431287). Patients received once‐daily T+O 2.5/5 or 5/5 mg, T 2.5 or 5 mg, or O 5 mg, via the Respimat inhaler. Continuation of prescribed ICS was permitted. We analyzed time to first moderate or severe exacerbation using pooled data from the two studies. RESULTS: Of 5162 treated patients, 2588 (50.1%), 1989 (38.5%), and 581 (11.3%) were GOLD 2, 3, and 4 at baseline, respectively. Fewer GOLD 2 patients had a moderate/severe on‐study exacerbation: 584 (22.6%) compared to 688 (34.6%) GOLD 3 and 211 (36.3%) GOLD 4. The 25th percentile for time to first moderate/severe exacerbation was not reached within the 52 week study period for GOLD 2, and was 201 days for GOLD 3 and 182 days for GOLD 4 patients; hazard ratios (HRs) (95% CI) were 0.59 (0.53, 0.66) for GOLD 2 vs GOLD 3, 0.55 (0.47, 0.64) for GOLD 2 vs GOLD 4, and 0.93 (0.80, 1.09) for GOLD 3 vs GOLD 4. At baseline, 2446 patients (47.4%) used ICS and 2716 (52.6%) did not. More patients with baseline ICS use had an exacerbation compared to those without ICS: 879 (35.9%) vs 605 (22.3%), respectively. The 25th percentile for time to first moderate/severe exacerbation was 191 days with ICS and was not reached in the 52 week study in patients without ICS; HR (95% CI) 1.78 (1.61, 1.98). In patients stratified by baseline ICS use within GOLD groups, ICS use was associated with shorter time to exacerbation vs no ICS: HR 1.66 (1.41, 1.95) in GOLD 2 and 1.69 (1.47, 1.93) in GOLD 3/4. CONCLUSIONS: In this population, unselected by exacerbation history, more severe COPD by GOLD stage and ICS use were associated with increased exacerbation risk. The association between ICS use and increased exacerbation risk is likely to represent a confounding by indication bias.
 Phase III trials to investigate tiotropium as add-on therapy to inhaled corticosteroids for patients with symptomatic asthma: trial design and planned statistical analyses;  Background: Once‐daily long‐acting anticholinergic bronchodilator tiotropium improves lung function and reduces the risk of severe exacerbation when used as add‐on therapy for patients with symptomatic asthma despite using ICS/ LABAs. We designed two identical Phase III trials (NCT01172808, NCT01172821) to assess the efficacy and safety of tiotropium via Respimat® Soft MistTM Inhaler (Respimat® SMI) in patients with symptomatic moderate asthma using at least ICS. Methods: Two international, randomised, double‐blind, double‐dummy, placebo‐controlled, parallel‐group trials (n = 1070; n = 1030). Primary objective: To test the efficacy of tiotropium 5 and 2.5 μg after 24 weeks vs placebo in two pre‐specified co‐primary end points: peak FEV1(0‐3 h) response (difference from baseline) and trough FEV1 response. A blinded salmeterol HFA‐MDI arm will serve as an active comparator without inferential analysis. To control for a type I error, stepwise testing of the null hypothesis will be used to first test the efficacy of tiotropium 5 μ g, then of 2.5 μg, over placebo. If both co‐primary end points reach statistical significance in each trial, pooling of data from both trials is planned per protocol for analysis of the 3rd pre‐specified co‐primary end point, responder rate assessed by ACQ. Key inclusion criteria: Age 18‐75 years; asthma diagnosis before the age of 40 and ≥3 months before inclusion; FEV1 increase ≥12% and ≥200 ml 15‐30 mins after 400 μg salbutamol; pre‐bronchodilator FEV1 60‐90% of predicted; ACQ score ≥1.5; life‐long non‐smokers or ex‐smokers ≥1 year prior with total of ≤10 pack‐years; ≥4 weeks of stable medium‐dose ICS (alone or in fixed combination with a bagonist). Patients diagnosed with COPD were excluded. Treatment: Patients were randomised to tiotropium 2.5 or 5 μg (both Respimat® SMI), salmeterol HFA‐MDI or placebo. During screening and treatment all patients received medium‐dose ICS. LABAs, other anticholinergics, cromone, methylxanthines and anti‐IgE were not permitted. Continuation of other pre‐study maintenance therapy, and rescue salbutamol, was permitted to mimic normal clinical management and better assess the actual role of tiotropium in asthma care. Conclusion: The hierarchical statistical design controls the probability of a type I error, while allowing for three co‐primary end points. Concomitant medications closely resemble real‐life practice so results should provide a practical assessment of the role of tiotropium in asthma management.
 Phase III trials to investigate tiotropium as add-on therapy to inhaled corticosteroids for patients with symptomatic asthma: trial design and planned statistical analyses;  Background: Once‐daily long‐acting anticholinergic bronchodilator tiotropium improves lung function and reduces the risk of severe exacerbation when used as add‐on therapy for patients with symptomatic asthma despite using ICS/ LABAs. We designed two identical Phase III trials (NCT01172808, NCT01172821) to assess the efficacy and safety of tiotropium via Respimat® Soft MistTM Inhaler (Respimat® SMI) in patients with symptomatic moderate asthma using at least ICS. Methods: Two international, randomised, double‐blind, double‐dummy, placebo‐controlled, parallel‐group trials (n = 1070; n = 1030). Primary objective: To test the efficacy of tiotropium 5 and 2.5 μg after 24 weeks vs placebo in two pre‐specified co‐primary end points: peak FEV1(0‐3 h) response (difference from baseline) and trough FEV1 response. A blinded salmeterol HFA‐MDI arm will serve as an active comparator without inferential analysis. To control for a type I error, stepwise testing of the null hypothesis will be used to first test the efficacy of tiotropium 5 μ g, then of 2.5 μg, over placebo. If both co‐primary end points reach statistical significance in each trial, pooling of data from both trials is planned per protocol for analysis of the 3rd pre‐specified co‐primary end point, responder rate assessed by ACQ. Key inclusion criteria: Age 18‐75 years; asthma diagnosis before the age of 40 and ≥3 months before inclusion; FEV1 increase ≥12% and ≥200 ml 15‐30 mins after 400 μg salbutamol; pre‐bronchodilator FEV1 60‐90% of predicted; ACQ score ≥1.5; life‐long non‐smokers or ex‐smokers ≥1 year prior with total of ≤10 pack‐years; ≥4 weeks of stable medium‐dose ICS (alone or in fixed combination with a bagonist). Patients diagnosed with COPD were excluded. Treatment: Patients were randomised to tiotropium 2.5 or 5 μg (both Respimat® SMI), salmeterol HFA‐MDI or placebo. During screening and treatment all patients received medium‐dose ICS. LABAs, other anticholinergics, cromone, methylxanthines and anti‐IgE were not permitted. Continuation of other pre‐study maintenance therapy, and rescue salbutamol, was permitted to mimic normal clinical management and better assess the actual role of tiotropium in asthma care. Conclusion: The hierarchical statistical design controls the probability of a type I error, while allowing for three co‐primary end points. Concomitant medications closely resemble real‐life practice so results should provide a practical assessment of the role of tiotropium in asthma management.
 A clinical study to evaluate efficacy and safety of inhaled corticosteroids in mild to moderate cases of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease;  INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Metered dose inhaler containing Ciclosonide 200 mcg, Tiotropium Bromide 9 mcg and Formoterol 6 mcg: Drug will be given one puff once a day for 3 months Control Intervention1: Metered dose inhaler containing Tiotropium Bromide 9 mcg and Formoterol 6 mcg: Drug will be given one puff once a day for 3 months CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease PRIMARY OUTCOME: Pulmonary function test (FEV1 and FVC)‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Prospective SECONDARY OUTCOME: Six minute walk distance (6MWD)‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Prospective INCLUSION CRITERIA: Age between 35 to 70 years of either sex Clinically diagnosed mild to moderate COPD as per GOLD guideline (FEV1 more than 50 FEV1 and FVC ratio less than 0.7) Ability to give written informed consent Smokers and ex‐smokers more and equal to 10 pack per years
 A 26-week treatment, multi-center, randomized, double-blind, double dummy, parallel-group study to assess the efficacy, safety and tolerability of QVA149 compared to fluticasone/salmeterol in patients with moderate to severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  INTERVENTION: Product Code: QVA149 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, hard capsule INN or Proposed INN: Glycopyrronium bromide Current Sponsor code: NVA237 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ INN or Proposed INN: Indacaterol maleate Current Sponsor code: QAB149 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 110‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, hard capsule Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Trade Name: Seretide Accuhaler Product Name: Seretide Accuhaler Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder CAS Number: 94749‐08‐3 Other descriptive name: SALMETEROL XINAFOATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ CAS Number: 80474‐14‐2 Other descriptive name: FLUTICASONE PROPIONATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 500‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease ; MedDRA version: 12.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10009033 Term: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To demonstrate the superiority of QVA149 110/50 µg q.d. as compared to fluticasone/salmeterol (500µg /50µg) b.i.d. in terms of standardized FEV1 AUC0‐12h following 26 weeks of treatment in patients with moderate to severe COPD. Primary end point(s): To demonstrate the superiority of QVA149 110/50 µg q.d. as compared to fluticasone/salmeterol (500µg /50µg) b.i.d. in terms of standardized FEV1 AUC0‐12h following 26 weeks of treatment in patients with moderate to severe COPD. Secondary Objective: To evaluate the effect of QVA149 110/50 µg q.d. as compared to fluticasone/salmeterol 500/50µg b.i.d. in terms of:; • Standardized FEV1 AUC0‐12h following 12 weeks of treatment.; • FVC at all time points following 12 and 26 weeks of treatment.; • The focal score of the Transitional Dyspnea Index after 12 and 26 weeks of treatment (TDI version).; • The total score of the St George’s Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ‐C) following 12 and 26 weeks of treatment as compared to baseline.; • The mean change from baseline in daily number of puffs of rescue medication following 12 and 26 weeks of treatment.; • Symptoms reported over 12 and 26 weeks of treatment using e‐diary.; • Inspiratory capacity (IC) in a subset of patients at all time points following 12 and 26 weeks of treatment.; • Safety and tolerability (electrocardiograms (ECGs), laboratory tests, blood pressure, heart rate and adverse events including COPD exacerbations and oral candidiasis) over 26 weeks of treatment.; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Male or female adults aged =40 years, who have signed an Informed Consent Form prior to initiation of any study‐related procedure. 2. Patients with moderate to severe stable COPD (Stage II or Stage III) according to the GOLD Guidelines 2009. 3. Current or ex‐smokers who have a smoking history of at least 10 pack years. (Ten pack‐years are defined as 20 cigarettes a day for 10 years, or 10 cigarettes a day for 20 years etc.) 4. Patients with a post‐bronchodilator FEV1 =40% and < 80% of the predicted normal, and post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC < 0.7 at Visit 2 (Day ‐14). (Post refers to 1 hour after sequential inhalation of 84 µg (or equivalent dose) of ipratropium bromide and 400 µg of salbutamol) 5. Symptomatic patients, according to daily electronic diary data between Visit 2 (‐14) and Visit 3 (Day 1), with a total score of 1 or more on at least 4 of the last 7 days. Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age r
 QVA149 Versus Fluticasone/Salmeterol in Patients With Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD);  The purpose of this study is to compare the efficacy and safety/tolerability of indacaterol and glycopyrronium (QVA149) (fixed‐dose combination) with fluticasone/salmeterol over a 26‐week period in patients with moderate to severe COPD.
 A Randomized, Open-Label, 8-Week Cross-Over Study to Compare Umeclidinium/Vilanterol with Tiotropium/Olodaterol Once-Daily in Subjects with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD);  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Anoro Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed INN or Proposed INN: UMECLIDINIUM BROMIDE CAS Number: 869113‐09‐7 Current Sponsor code: GSK573719 Other descriptive name: 1‐{2‐[(Benzyl)oxy]ethyl}4‐[hydroxydi(phenyl)methyl]‐1‐ azabicyclo[2.2.2]octan‐1‐ Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 62.5‐ INN or Proposed INN: VILANTEROL CAS Number: 503068‐34‐6 Current Sponsor code: GW642444 Other descriptive name: Triphenylacetic acid ‐ 4‐{(1R)‐2‐[(6‐{2‐[(2,6‐ Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 25‐ Trade Name: Spiolto Respimat Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation solution INN or Proposed INN: Tiotropium bromide CAS Number: 411207‐31‐3 Other descriptive name: TIOTROPIUM BROMIDE MONOHYDRATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 2.5‐ INN or Proposed INN: Olodaterol CAS Number: 869477‐96‐3 Other descriptive name: OLODATEROL HYDROCHLORIDE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 2.5‐ CONDITION: Subjects with COPD ; MedDRA version: 19.0 Level: LLT Classification code 10010952 Term: COPD System Organ Class: 100000004855 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To compare the effect of UMEC/VI 62.5/25 mcg with TIO/OLO 5/5mcg once daily on lung function in subjects with moderate COPD over 8 weeks of treatment. Primary end point(s): Trough FEV1 Secondary Objective: To compare the effect of UMEC/VI; 62.5/25 mcg with TIO/OLO 5 /5mcg on other; measures of efficacy and measures of healthrelated; quality of life Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: at Week 8 SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): ‐ Proportion of responders according to FEV1 (a responder is defined as a =100mL change in Trough FEV1 from baseline) at Week 8; ‐ Rescue albuterol/salbutamol use (percentage of rescue‐free days and mean number of Inhalations/day) captured in e diary; ‐ Trough FEV1, at Week 4; ‐ Trough FVC at Weeks 4 and 8; ‐ Trough IC at Weeks 4 and 8; ‐ COPD Assessment Test (CAT) score at Weeks 4 and 8; ‐ Proportion of responders according to CAT (defined as a >=1 unit improvement in score from baseline) at Weeks 4 and 8; ‐ Time to clinically important deterioration composite endpoint ; ‐ Inhaler ease of use; ‐ Inhaler errors; ‐ Assessment of respiratory daily symptoms over Weeks 1‐8 using Evaluating Respiratory Symptoms‐ COPD (E‐RS) and its subscales (breathlessness, cough and sputum and chest symptoms) Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: ‐ Proportion of responders according to FEV1 (a responder is defined as a >=100mL change in Trough FEV1 from baseline) at Wk 8; ‐ Rescue albuterol/salbutamol use (percentage of rescue‐free days and mean number of Inhalations/day) captured in e diary; ‐ Trough FEV1, at Wk 4; ‐ Trough FVC at Wks 4 and 8; ‐ Trough IC at Wks 4 and 8; ‐ COPD Assessment Test (CAT) score at Wks 4 and 8; ‐ Proportion of responders according to CAT (defined as a >=1 unit improvement in score from baseline) at Weeks 4 and 8; ‐ Time to clinically important deterioration composite endpoint ; ‐ Inhaler ease of use; ‐ Inhaler errors; ‐ Assessment of respiratory daily symptoms over Wks 1‐8 using Evaluating Respiratory Symptoms‐ COPD (E‐RS) and its subscales (breathlessness, cough and sputum and chest symptoms) INCLUSION CRITERIA: A subject will be eligible for inclusion in this study only if all of the following criteria apply: [1] Type of subject: Outpatient. [2] Informed Consent: A signed and dated written informed consent prior to study participation [3] AGE: Subjects 40 years of age or older at Visit 1 [4] Gender: Male and female subjects are eligible to participate in the study. At the discretion of the study investigator and in alignment with local country acceptable criteria, a female is eligible to enter and participate in the study if she is not pregnant (as confirmed by a negative urine human chorionic gonadotrophin (hCG) test), not lactating, and at least one of the following conditions applies: Non‐reproductive potential (i.e., physiologically incapable of becoming pregnant, including any female who is post‐menopausal or surgically sterile) defined as: Pre‐menopausal females with one of the following: ‐ Documented tubal ligation ‐ Documented hyst
 SERETIDE 50/500mcg Versus Tiotropium Bromide On Exacerbation Rates In Severe Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease;  A Multicentre, Randomised, Double‐Blind, Double Dummy, Parallel Group, 104 Week Study to Compare the Effect of the Salmeterol/Fluticasone Propionate Combination Product (SERETIDE) 50/500mcg with Tiotropium Bromide 18 mcg on the Rate of Exacerbations in Subjects with Severe Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD)
 Comparison of airway dimensions with once daily tiotropium plus indacaterol versus twice daily Advair(®) in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  Background: Current guidelines recommend combining long‐acting bronchodilators with different modes of action in patients with moderate‐to‐severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). We evaluated the effects of airway dimensions and pulmonary function with tiotropium plus indacaterol versus Advair®. Methods: Subjects (n=46) were randomized to receive tiotropium (18μg once daily) plus indacaterol (150μg once daily) or Advair® (50/250μg twice daily) for 16 weeks. Airway geometry was determined by quantitative computed tomography (luminal area, Ai; total area of the airway, Ao; wall area, WA; and percentage wall area, WA/Ao and wall thickness, T). Spirometry (forced expiratory volume in 1s, FEV1; forced vital capacity, FVC and inspiratory capacity, IC) and St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) were evaluated. Results: Tiotropium plus indacaterol significantly increased CT‐indices including Ai corrected for body surface area (Ai/BSA), and decreased WA/BSA, WA/Ao and T/√BSA compared with Advair® (p<0.05, respectively). In physiological parameters, mean difference in IC was significantly higher under treatment with tiotropium plus indacaterol than Advair® (p<0.05). The changes in Ai/BSA, WA/BSA, WA/Ao and T/√BSA were significantly correlated with changes in IC (r=0.535, p=0.011; r=‐0.688, p<0.001; r=‐0.555, p=0.002 and r=‐0.542, p=0.007; respectively). There were more significant improvements in SGRQ scores after treatment with tiotropium plus indacaterol than Advair®. Conclusions: These findings suggest that dual bronchodilation with tiotropium plus indacaterol is superior in airway geometry and lung function compared with Advair® in COPD.
 Comparison of airway dimensions with once daily tiotropium plus indacaterol versus twice daily Advair(®) in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  Background: Current guidelines recommend combining long‐acting bronchodilators with different modes of action in patients with moderate‐to‐severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). We evaluated the effects of airway dimensions and pulmonary function with tiotropium plus indacaterol versus Advair®. Methods: Subjects (n=46) were randomized to receive tiotropium (18μg once daily) plus indacaterol (150μg once daily) or Advair® (50/250μg twice daily) for 16 weeks. Airway geometry was determined by quantitative computed tomography (luminal area, Ai; total area of the airway, Ao; wall area, WA; and percentage wall area, WA/Ao and wall thickness, T). Spirometry (forced expiratory volume in 1s, FEV1; forced vital capacity, FVC and inspiratory capacity, IC) and St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) were evaluated. Results: Tiotropium plus indacaterol significantly increased CT‐indices including Ai corrected for body surface area (Ai/BSA), and decreased WA/BSA, WA/Ao and T/√BSA compared with Advair® (p<0.05, respectively). In physiological parameters, mean difference in IC was significantly higher under treatment with tiotropium plus indacaterol than Advair® (p<0.05). The changes in Ai/BSA, WA/BSA, WA/Ao and T/√BSA were significantly correlated with changes in IC (r=0.535, p=0.011; r=‐0.688, p<0.001; r=‐0.555, p=0.002 and r=‐0.542, p=0.007; respectively). There were more significant improvements in SGRQ scores after treatment with tiotropium plus indacaterol than Advair®. Conclusions: These findings suggest that dual bronchodilation with tiotropium plus indacaterol is superior in airway geometry and lung function compared with Advair® in COPD.
 Comparison of airway dimensions with once daily tiotropium plus indacaterol versus twice daily Advair(®) in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  BACKGROUND: Current guidelines recommend combining long‐acting bronchodilators with different modes of action in patients with moderate‐to‐severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). We evaluated the effects of airway dimensions and pulmonary function with tiotropium plus indacaterol versus Advair(®). METHODS: Subjects (n = 46) were randomized to receive tiotropium (18 μg once daily) plus indacaterol (150 μg once daily) or Advair(®) (50/250 μg twice daily) for 16 weeks. Airway geometry was determined by quantitative computed tomography (luminal area, Ai; total area of the airway, Ao; wall area, WA; and percentage wall area, WA/Ao and wall thickness, T). Spirometry (forced expiratory volume in 1 s, FEV1; forced vital capacity, FVC and inspiratory capacity, IC) and St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) were evaluated. RESULTS: Tiotropium plus indacaterol significantly increased CT‐indices including Ai corrected for body surface area (Ai/BSA), and decreased WA/BSA, WA/Ao and T/√BSA compared with Advair(®) (p < 0.05, respectively). In physiological parameters, mean difference in IC was significantly higher under treatment with tiotropium plus indacaterol than Advair(®) (p < 0.05). The changes in Ai/BSA, WA/BSA, WA/Ao and T/√BSA were significantly correlated with changes in IC (r = 0.535, p = 0.011; r = ‐0.688, p < 0.001; r = ‐0.555, p = 0.002 and r = ‐0.542, p = 0.007; respectively). There were more significant improvements in SGRQ scores after treatment with tiotropium plus indacaterol than Advair(®). CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggest that dual bronchodilation with tiotropium plus indacaterol is superior in airway geometry and lung function compared with Advair(®) in COPD.
 A randomised study, comparing FF/UMEC/VI single inhaler triple therapy, versus multiple inhaler therapy(budesonide/formoterol plus tiotropium) in participants with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Trelegy Ellipta 92 micrograms/55 micrograms/22 micrograms inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed Product Code: GSK2834425 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed INN or Proposed INN: FLUTICASONE FUROATE CAS Number: 397864‐44‐7 Current Sponsor code: GW685698 Other descriptive name: FLUTICASONE FUROATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 100‐ INN or Proposed INN: UMECLIDINIUM CAS Number: 869113‐09‐7 Current Sponsor code: GSK573719 Other descriptive name: GSK573719A Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 62.5‐ INN or Proposed INN: VILANTEROL TRIFENATATE CAS Number: 503070‐58‐4 Current Sponsor code: GW642444 Other descriptive name: GW642444M Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 25‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Trade Name: Symbicort, 200 micrograms/6 micrograms per actuation, pressurised inhalation, suspension Pharmaceutical Form: Pressurised inhalation, suspension INN or Proposed INN: BUDESONIDE CAS Number: 51333‐22‐3 Other descriptive name: BUDESONIDE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 200‐ INN or Proposed INN: FORMOTEROL FUMARATE CAS Number: 43229‐80‐7 Other descriptive name: FORMOTEROL FUMARATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 6‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Pressurised inhalation, suspension Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Trade Name: SPIRIVA 18 microgram, inhalation powder, hard capsule Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, hard capsule INN or Proposed INN: TIOTROPIUM BROMIDE CAS Number: 139404‐48‐1 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 18‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, hard capsule Route of administrati CONDITION: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) ; MedDRA version: 20.0 Level: PT Classification code 10009033 Term: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease System Organ Class: 10038738 ‐ Respiratory, thoracic and mediastinal disorders Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): Secondary end points ; ‐ Change from baseline in trough FEV1 on Day 2, Day 28, Day 84 and Day 85 ; ‐ Weighted mean change from baseline in FEV1 over 0‐24 hours on Day 1 ; ; Other end points ; ‐ Proportion of responders based on the St George’s Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) Total Score at Week 4 and Week 12 ; ‐ Change from baseline in SGRQ Total Score at Week 4 and Week 12 ; ‐ Proportion of responders based on the COPD Assessment Test (CAT) Total Score at Week 4 and Week 12 ; ‐ Change from baseline in CAT Total Score at Week 4 and Week 12 ; ‐ Moderate or severe exacerbation event ; ‐ Peak Inspiratory Flow Rate (PIFR) at Screening (Week ‐4) ; ; Safety end points ; ‐ Incidence of adverse events ; ‐ Vital signs ; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: For the timepoints of evaluation of endpoints please refer to section E.5.2 ; ; ; ; ; 2. Type of participant: Outpatient. 3. Age: Participants 40 years of age or older at Screening (Visit 1). 4. Gender: Male or female participants. Female participants: A female participant is eligible to participate if she is not pregnant, not breastfeeding, and at least one of the following conditions applies: Not a woman of childbearing potential (WOCBP) OR A WOCBP who agrees to follow the contraceptive guidance in Appendix 3 of the protocol during the treatment period and until the safety follow‐up contact after the last dose of study treatment. PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To evaluate the effects of single inhaler triple therapy (FF/UMEC/VI) compared to multiple inhaler triple combination therapy with budesonide/formoterol plus tiotropium after 12 weeks of treatment on lung function.; Primary end point(s): Weighted mean change from baseline in FEV1 over 0‐24 hours at Week 12; Secondary Objective: To evaluate the effects of single inhaler triple therapy (FF/UMEC/VI) compared to multiple inhaler triple combination therapy with budesonide/formoterol plus tiotropium after 12 weeks of treatment on Health Status.; ; To evaluate the effects of single inhaler triple therapy (FF/UMEC/VI) compared to multiple inhaler triple combination therapy with budesonide/formoterol plus tiotropium after 12 weeks of treatment on COPD exacerbations.; ; Assess how inspiratory airflow limitation affects ability to use the ELLIPTA; ; To evaluate the safety profile of single inhaler triple therapy (FF/UMEC/VI) compared to multiple inhaler triple combination therapy with budesonide/formoterol plus tiotropium over 84 days of treatment; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: For the timepoints of evaluation of endpoints please refer to section E.5.1 INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Informed consent: capable of giving signed informed consent prior to study start which includes compliance with the requirements and restrictions listed in the informed consent form (ICF) and in this protocol. 5. COPD Diagnosis: An established clinical history of COPD in accordance with the definition by the American Thoracic Society/European Respiratory Societ
 A randomised study, comparing FF/UMEC/VI single inhaler triple therapy, versus multiple inhaler therapy(budesonide/formoterol plus tiotropium) in participants with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Trelegy Ellipta 92 micrograms/55 micrograms/22 micrograms inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed Product Code: GSK2834425 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed INN or Proposed INN: FLUTICASONE FUROATE CAS Number: 397864‐44‐7 Current Sponsor code: GW685698 Other descriptive name: FLUTICASONE FUROATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 100‐ INN or Proposed INN: UMECLIDINIUM CAS Number: 869113‐09‐7 Current Sponsor code: GSK573719 Other descriptive name: GSK573719A Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 62.5‐ INN or Proposed INN: VILANTEROL TRIFENATATE CAS Number: 503070‐58‐4 Current Sponsor code: GW642444 Other descriptive name: GW642444M Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 25‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Trade Name: Symbicort, 200 micrograms/6 micrograms per actuation, pressurised inhalation, suspension Pharmaceutical Form: Pressurised inhalation, suspension INN or Proposed INN: BUDESONIDE CAS Number: 51333‐22‐3 Other descriptive name: BUDESONIDE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 200‐ INN or Proposed INN: FORMOTEROL FUMARATE CAS Number: 43229‐80‐7 Other descriptive name: FORMOTEROL FUMARATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 6‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Pressurised inhalation, suspension Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Trade Name: SPIRIVA 18 microgram, inhalation powder, hard capsule Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, hard capsule INN or Proposed INN: TIOTROPIUM BROMIDE CAS Number: 139404‐48‐1 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 18‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, hard capsule Route of administrati CONDITION: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) ; MedDRA version: 20.0 Level: PT Classification code 10009033 Term: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease System Organ Class: 10038738 ‐ Respiratory, thoracic and mediastinal disorders Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): Secondary end points ; ‐ Change from baseline in trough FEV1 on Day 2, Day 28, Day 84 and Day 85 ; ‐ Weighted mean change from baseline in FEV1 over 0‐24 hours on Day 1 ; ; Other end points ; ‐ Proportion of responders based on the St George’s Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) Total Score at Week 4 and Week 12 ; ‐ Change from baseline in SGRQ Total Score at Week 4 and Week 12 ; ‐ Proportion of responders based on the COPD Assessment Test (CAT) Total Score at Week 4 and Week 12 ; ‐ Change from baseline in CAT Total Score at Week 4 and Week 12 ; ‐ Moderate or severe exacerbation event ; ‐ Peak Inspiratory Flow Rate (PIFR) at Screening (Week ‐4) ; ; Safety end points ; ‐ Incidence of adverse events ; ‐ Vital signs ; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: For the timepoints of evaluation of endpoints please refer to section E.5.2 ; ; ; ; ; 2. Type of participant: Outpatient. 3. Age: Participants 40 years of age or older at Screening (Visit 1). 4. Gender: Male or female participants. Female participants: A female participant is eligible to participate if she is not pregnant, not breastfeeding, and at least one of the following conditions applies: Not a woman of childbearing potential (WOCBP) OR A WOCBP who agrees to follow the contraceptive guidance in Appendix 3 of the protocol during the treatment period and until the safety follow‐up contact after the last dose of study treatment. PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To evaluate the effects of single inhaler triple therapy (FF/UMEC/VI) compared to multiple inhaler triple combination; therapy with budesonide/formoterol plus tiotropium after 12 weeks of treatment on lung function.; Primary end point(s): Weighted mean change from baseline in FEV1 over 0‐24 hours at Week 12; Secondary Objective: To evaluate the effects of single inhaler triple therapy (FF/UMEC/VI) compared to multiple inhaler triple combination therapy with budesonide/formoterol plus tiotropium after 12 weeks of treatment on Health Status.; ; To evaluate the effects of single inhaler triple therapy (FF/UMEC/VI) compared to multiple inhaler triple combination therapy with budesonide/formoterol plus tiotropium after 12 weeks of treatment on COPD exacerbations.; ; Assess how inspiratory airflow limitation affects ability to use the ELLIPTA; ; To evaluate the safety profile of single inhaler triple therapy (FF/UMEC/VI) compared to multiple inhaler triple combination therapy with budesonide/formoterol plus tiotropium over 84 days of treatment; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: For the timepoints of evaluation of endpoints please refer to section E.5.1 INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Informed consent: capable of giving signed informed consent prior to study start which includes compliance with the requirements and restrictions listed in the informed consent form (ICF) and in this protocol. 5. COPD Diagnosis: An established clinical history of COPD in accordance with the definition by the American Thoracic Society/European Respiratory Societ
 Once-daily QVA149 is more effective than twice-daily salmeterol/fluticasone in improving lung function, in patients with severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD): the illuminate study;  Rationale QVA149 is a once‐daily inhaled dual bronchodilator with a fixed‐dose combination of long‐acting β2‐agonist (indacaterol) and long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (glycopyrronium) for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Here, we report comparison results of lung function tests, dyspnea and health status achieved with QVA149 and the salmeterol‐fluticasone combination (SFC) in a subgroup of patients with severe COPD in the ILLUMINATE study. Methods ILLUMINATE was a 26‐week, multicenter, double‐blind, double‐dummy, parallel‐group study. Patients aged ≥40 years with moderate‐to‐severe COPD (post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC <0.7 and FEV1 ≥40% to <80% predicted) with no history of exacerbations in the previous year and a smoking history ≥10 pack‐years were randomized (1:1) to QVA149 110/50μg once daily (via the Breezhaler® device) or SFC 50/500 μg twice daily (via the Accuhaler® device). Lung function assessments included FEV area under the curve for 0‐12h (FEV AUC 1 1 0‐12 h) and pre‐dose trough FEV1 (defined as the average of the ‐45 minutes and ‐15 minutes values taken prior to each dose during treatment period). Dyspnea and health status were assessed using the transition dyspnea index (TDI) and St George's Respiratory Questionnaire for COPD (SGRQ‐C), respectively. Results Of the 523 patients randomized, 103 patients were categorized as having severe COPD [QVA149 (n=51), SFC (n=52)]. In these patients, FEV 1 AUC0‐12h was significantly higher for QVA149 compared with SFC (treatment difference 0.10 L; 95% CI 0.02‐0.18; p<0.05) at Week 26. Pre‐dose FEV1 was significantly higher with QVA149 compared with SFC (treatment difference 0.11 L; 95% CI 0.03‐0.19; p<0.01). At Week 26, improvements in TDI score (treatment difference: least squares mean [LSM] ± standard error [SE] ‐0.05 ± 0.57) and SGRQ‐C total score (treatment difference: LSM ± SE 1.55 ± 2.25) with QVA149 were similar to SFC (Table). In patients with severe COPD, once‐daily QVA149 was more effective than twice‐daily SFC in providing significant improvement in lung function but improvements in dyspnea and health status were similar. (Table Presented).
 Efficacy and safety of once-daily QVA149 compared with twice-daily salmeterol-fluticasone in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (ILLUMINATE): a randomised, double-blind, parallel group study;  BACKGROUND: QVA149 is an inhaled fixed‐dose combination therapy under development for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). It combines indacaterol (a longacting β2‐agonist) with glycopyrronium (a longacting muscarinic antagonist) as a dual bronchodilator. We aimed to compare the efficacy, safety, and tolerability of QVA149 versus salmeterol‐fluticasone (SFC) over 26 weeks in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD. METHODS: In this multicentre double‐blind, double‐dummy, parallel‐group study, 523 patients (age 40 years or older, Global Initiative for Chronic Obstructive Lung Disease [GOLD] stages II‐III, without exacerbations in the previous year) were randomly assigned (1:1; via automated, interactive response technology and stratified for smoking status) to once‐daily QVA149 110/50 μg or twice‐daily SFC 50/500 μg for 26 weeks. Efficacy was assessed in the full analysis set (randomised patients who received at least one dose of study drug); safety was assessed in all patients who received at least one dose of study drug. The primary endpoint was to demonstrate the superiority of QVA149 compared with SFC for the standardised area under the curve from 0 to 12 h post dose for forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1 AUC0‐12h) after 26 weeks of treatment. This trial was registered at ClinicalTrial.gov, NCT01315249. FINDINGS: Between March 25, 2011, and March 12, 2012, 259 patients were randomly assigned to receive QVA149 and 264 to receive SFC. At week 26, FEV1 AUC0‐12h was significantly higher with QVA149 than with SFC (treatment difference 0·138 L; 95% CI 0·100‐0·176; p<0·0001). Overall incidence of adverse events (including COPD exacerbations) was 55·4% (143 of 258) for the QVA149 group and 60·2% (159 of 264) for the SFC group. Incidence of serious adverse events was similar between treatment groups (QVA149, 13 of 258 [5·0%]; SFC 14 of 264 [5·3%]); COPD worsening was the most frequent serious adverse event (one of 13 [0·4%] and three of 14 [1·1%], respectively). INTERPRETATION: Once‐daily QVA149 provides significant, sustained, and clinically meaningful improvements in lung function versus twice‐daily SFC, with significant symptomatic benefit. These results indicate the potential of dual bronchodilation as a treatment option for non‐exacerbating symptomatic COPD patients. FUNDING: Novartis Pharma AG.
 Efficacy and Tolerability of Symbicort as an add-on Treatment to Spiriva Compare With Spiriva Alone in Patients With Severe Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD);  This is a multicentre study with a randomised, parallel group, open‐label, 3‐month phase IV design to assess the efficacy and tolerability of Symbicort as an add‐on treatment to Spiriva compare with Spiriva alone in patients with severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
 Active Controlled Trial of CHF5993 Pressurized Metered-dose Inhaler ( pMDI) vs Symbicort®Turbuhaler® in Patients With Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease ( COPD);  The purpose of this study is to demonstrate the superiority of CHF 5993 pMDI (fixed combination of extrafine beclometasone dipropionate plus formoterol fumarate plus glycopyrronium bromide) over Symbicort® Turbuhaler® in terms of pulmonary function, as well as to assess its safety.
 Efficacy and tolerability of Symbicort as an add-on treatment to Spiriva compare with Spiriva alone in patients with severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD);  Completed Has Results Drug: Budesonide/formoterol (Symbicort® Turbuhaler®)|Drug: Tiotropium (SpirivaTM) All Phase 4 793 Interventional Allocation: Randomized|Intervention Model: Parallel Assignment|Masking: Open Label|Primary Purpose: Treatment
 A 16-Week Study to Evaluate the Effect of Advair DISKUS™ 250/50mcg on Arterial Stiffness in Subjects With Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD);  This is a multicenter, randomized, double‐blind, placebo controlled study to evaluate the effect of Fluticasone Propionate/Salmeterol DISKUS 250/50mcg (FSC) BID on arterial stiffness in COPD subjects. Following a 1 to 14 day run‐in period, approximately 250 subjects will be randomly assigned to double‐blind treatment for 12 weeks. After the 12 week treatment period, subjects in both treatment arms will receive open label Tiotropium bromide Handihaler18mcg (Tio)QD for 4 weeks in addition to their continued study drug (either FSC250/50 or placebo). The primary measure of efficacy is Pulse Wave Velocity (PWV) at Endpoint. Secondary efficacy measures include Augmentation Index (AIx), Biomarkers of cardiovascular disease, measures of lung function. (e.g. FEV1). Safety will be assessed through the collection of adverse events and COPD exacerbations. Exploratory endpoints include the effect of Tiotropium on PWV and AIx when added to placebo or FSC. Treatment groups will be stratified based on current smoking status. There will be a total of 6 study visits (screening, randomization, and after 4, 8, 12 and 16 weeks of treatment). A follow‐up phone contact for collection of adverse event and pregnancy information (if applicable) will be conducted approximately 14 days following the last study visit.
 Efficacy and tolerability of budesonide/formoterol added to tiotropium compared with tiotropium alone in Asian patients with severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  RATIONALE: Tiotropium and budesonide/formoterol (BUD/FORM; Symbicort® Turbuhaler®) have been shown to improve outcomes, including exacerbations, in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Triple combination therapy with these drugs could further improve efficacy, although limited data (i.e., randomized prospective studies) are currently available, with no such data available to date in Asian patients. METHODS: This multicenter, randomized, parallel‐group, open‐label study (NCT01397890) was conducted in Asian patients with severe and very severe COPD. Following a 14‐day run‐in period during which patients received tiotropium 18 μg once daily, patients were randomized to BUD/FORM 160/4.5 μg two inhalations twice daily + tiotropium 18 μg once daily (BUD/FORM+T), or tiotropium alone (18 μg once daily), for 12 weeks. The primary endpoint was the ratio of treatment period mean to baseline in pre‐dose forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1). RESULTS: There were 287 randomized patients in the BUD/FORM+T group versus 291 in the tiotropium alone group (mean age: 67 years, 96% male, mean pre‐dose FEV1: 0.94 L). The incidence of discontinuations was 8.0% with BUD/FORM+T versus 10.7% with tiotropium. Both regimens increased pre‐dose FEV1 from baseline (5% with BUD/FORM+T versus 0.6% with tiotropium alone, treatment difference: 4.4% [95% CI: 1.9‐6.9], p=0.0004). Significant increases in FEV1 of 7.9% and 8.6% with BUD/FORM+T versus tiotropium were also seen at 5 and 60 minutes post dose, respectively (both p<0.0001). The rate of COPD exacerbations was 41% lower with BUD/FORM+T versus tiotropium alone (rate ratio: 0.59 [95% CI: 0.42‐0.84], p=0.0032). BUD/FORM+T also prolonged the time to first exacerbation (Figure). Reliever use during the day and SGRQ‐C total score decreased from baseline by 0.8 versus 0.1 inhalations/day and 10.0 versus 4.8 units (minimum clinically important difference >4.0 units) with BUD/FORM+T versus tiotropium, respectively (p<0.0001 and p=0.0003, respectively). There was a similar incidence of adverse events (AEs) (26% for both groups), with fewer serious AEs for BUD/FORM+T versus tiotropium alone (5% versus 8%, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: In Asian patients with severe and very severe COPD, the addition of BUD/FORM to tiotropium provided rapid and sustained improvements in FEV1, prevented COPD exacerbations, and provided marked improvements in health‐related quality of life. The patient‐centered benefits of adding BUD/FORM to tiotropium were obtained without any concern of increased incidence of AEs. (Figure Presented).
 Efficacy and safety of tiotropium bromide combined with budesonide/formoterol in the treatment of moderate to severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  INTERVENTION: Intervention group:Budesonide/formoterol (Symbicort; 160 µg/4.5 µg; 1 suction/time, 2 times/day); treatment of tiotropium bromide (Spiriva; 1.8 µg inhaled once a day before sleeping).;Control group:Bbudesonide/formoterol (Symbicort; 160 µg/4.5 µg; 1 suction/time, 2 times/day).; CONDITION: Moderate to severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease PRIMARY OUTCOME: Lung function;Body mass index;The dyspnea score;The six‐minute walking test;Health‐associated quality of life;Prognosis and safety indices; INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients aged >18 years; patients who were diagnosed with group B and C COPD in accordance with the Guidelines for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (revised edition from 2013), published by the COPD Group of the Chinese Thoracic Society; patients who received inhalation therapy; patients who didnt receive any cholinolytic drugs within 4 weeks; patients who didnt suffer from any acute attack and didnt receive any antibiotic therapy within 4 weeks; patients who had not received any systemic glucocorticoid therapy in the past two months; patients who provided written informed consent.
 Study to assess lung function and patient preference after a 4 week treatment each with QVA149 vs. tiotropium in patients with stable chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and moderate to severe airflow limitation who are on a tiotropium therapy;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Ultibro Breezhaler 85 microgramms/43 microgramms, inhalation powder hard capsule Product Name: Ultibro Breezhaler 85 microgramms/43 microgramms, inhalation powder hard capsule Product Code: QVA149 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, hard capsule INN or Proposed INN: Indacaterol maleate CAS Number: 753498‐25‐8 Current Sponsor code: QAB149 Other descriptive name: INDACATEROL MALEATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 110‐ INN or Proposed INN: GLYCOPYRRONIUM BROMIDE CAS Number: 596‐51‐0 Current Sponsor code: NVA237 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ Trade Name: Spiriva 18 Mikrogramm Kapsel mit Inhalationspulver Product Name: Spiriva 18 Mikrogramm Kapsel mit Inhalationspulver Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, hard capsule INN or Proposed INN: TIOTROPIUM BROMIDE CAS Number: 139404‐48‐1 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 18‐ CONDITION: chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) ; MedDRA version: 16.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10010952 Term: COPD System Organ Class: 100000004855 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To demonstrate superiority of QVA149 (100/50 µg o.d.) as compared to tiotropium (18 µg o.d.) in terms of FEV1 1 h post‐inhalation after 4 weeks of treatment in patients with stable COPD and moderate to severe airflow limitation still having symptoms (CAT score of at least 10) despite treatment with tiotropium. Primary end point(s): Demonstration of superiority of QVA149 (100/50 µg o.d.) as compared to tiotropium (18 µg o.d.) in terms of FEV1 1 h post‐inhalation after 4 weeks of treatment in patients with stable COPD and moderate to severe airflow limitation still having symptoms despite treatment with tiotropium. Secondary Objective: • To evaluate patient preference for a QVA149 or tiotropium treatment after experiencing both treatment regimens; • To evaluate investigator preference for the future treatment suggestion of the patient after experiencing both treatment regimens ; • To evaluate safety parameters of both treatment regimens ; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: after 4 and 8 weeks SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): Evaluation of patient preference for a QVA149 or tiotropium treatment after experiencing both treatment regimens. ; Evaluation of investigator preference for the future treatment suggestion of the patient after experiencing both treatment regimens. ; Evaluation of safety parameters of both treatment regimens. ; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: after 4 and 8 weeks INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Male and female adults aged =40 years. 2. Patients who have signed an Informed Consent Form prior to initiation of any study‐related procedure. 3. Patients with stable COPD according to current guidelines (GOLD 2013). 4. Patients with airflow limitation indicated by a post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC ratio of <0.70 and a post‐bronchodilator FEV1 of =30% and <80% of predicted normal values at Visit 2. 7. Symptomatic patients defined as patients with 5. Current or ex‐smokers who have a smoking history of at least 10 pack years (10 pack years are defined as 20 cigarettes a day for 10 years, or 10 cigarettes a day for 20 years etc.). An ex‐smoker may be defined as a subject who has not smoked for = 6 months at Visit 1 (Screening). 6. Patients on stable tiotropium (18 µg/d) monotherapy (tiotropium monotherapy + ICS is allowed) administered via HandiHaler® and adherent, with good device technique for at least 8 weeks before Visit 1 (Screening).
 Efficacy and Safety of Glycopyrronium/Formoterol Fumarate fixed-dose combination relative to Umeclidinium/Vilanterol fixed-dose combination over 24 Weeks in Patients with Moderate to Very Severe Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: 7.2 mcg glycopyrronium/4.8 mcg formoterol fumarate per actuation Pharmaceutical Form: Pressurised inhalation, suspension INN or Proposed INN: Glycopyrronium Bromide CAS Number: 596‐51‐0 Other descriptive name: GLYCOPYRRONIUM BROMIDE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 7.2‐ INN or Proposed INN: Formoterol Fumarate CAS Number: 43229‐80‐7 Other descriptive name: FORMOTEROL FUMARATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 4.8‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Pressurised inhalation, suspension Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Trade Name: Anoro Ellipta Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder INN or Proposed INN: umeclidinium bromide CAS Number: 869113‐09‐7 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 62.5‐ INN or Proposed INN: vilanterol CAS Number: 503070‐58‐4 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 25‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use CONDITION: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To assess the effects of GFF (glycopyrronium and formoterol fumarate) relative to UV (umeclidinium vilanterol) on lung function as measured by trough FEV1 (volume of air forcibly exhaled in 1 second) and peak FEV1 in patients with moderate to very severe COPD Primary end point(s): Change from baseline in morning pre‐dose trough FEV1 (Forced Expiratory Volume in 1 second); Peak change from baseline in FEV1 within 2 hours post‐dosing Secondary Objective: To further assess the effects of GFF relative to UV on lung function.; To assess the effects of GFF relative to UV on dyspnea; To assess the effects of GFF relative to UV on symptoms of COPD; To assess the effects of GFF relative to UV on health‐related quality of life Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 24 weeks of treatment SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): Onset of action on day 1; proportion of patients with increase of FEV1 of =100 ml from baseline at 5 minutes; Peak change from baseline in Inspiratory Capacity (IC) within 2 hours post‐dosing ; Transition Dyspnea Index (TDI) focal score ; Change from baseline in Early Morning Symptoms COPD Instrument (EMSCI) Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 5 minutes on Day 1 for early onset, 24 weeks for all other endpoints INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Age 40‐95 years at screening 2. Current or former smoker with a history of at least 10 pack‐years of cigarette smoking 3. Current clinical diagnosis of COPD, with COPD symptoms > 1 year prior to screening, as defined by GOLD criteria or other current guidelines 4. COPD Severity defined by FEV1/FVC ratio <0.70 and FEV1 <80% of predicted normal value at screening and at randomization 5. COPD treatment with rescue medication only, or stable dose of maintenance monotherapy (LAMA, LABA or ICS), or stable dose of double maintenance therapy (LAMA/LABA or ICS/LABA), for one month prior to screening 6. COPD Assessment Test (CAT) score =10 at randomisation 7. Documentation of a chest x‐ray (as per local practice) or computed tomography (CT) within 6 months prior to screening, with no clinically significant pulmonary abnormalities other than related to COPD Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adult
 Efficacy and Safety of Glycopyrronium/Formoterol Fumarate fixed-dose combination relative to Umeclidinium/Vilanterol fixed-dose combination over 24 Weeks in patients with Moderate to Very Severe Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: 7.2 mcg glycopyrronium/4.8 mcg formoterol fumarate per actuation Pharmaceutical Form: Pressurised inhalation, suspension INN or Proposed INN: Glycopyrronium Bromide CAS Number: 596‐51‐0 Other descriptive name: GLYCOPYRRONIUM BROMIDE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 7.2‐ INN or Proposed INN: Formoterol Fumarate CAS Number: 43229‐80‐7 Other descriptive name: FORMOTEROL FUMARATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 4.8‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Pressurised inhalation, suspension Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Trade Name: Anoro Ellipta Product Code: R03AL03 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder INN or Proposed INN: UMECLIDINIUM BROMIDE CAS Number: 869113‐09‐7 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 62.5‐ INN or Proposed INN: VILANTEROL CAS Number: 503070‐58‐4 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 25‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use CONDITION: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To assess the effects of GFF relative to UV on lung function as measured by trough FEV1 in patients with moderate to very severe COPD Primary end point(s): Change from baseline in morning pre‐dose trough FEV1 (Forced Expiratory Volume in 1 second) Secondary Objective: 1. To further assess the effects of GFF relative to UV on lung function.; 2. To assess the effects of GFF relative to UV on dyspnea; 3. To assess the effects of GFF relative to UV on symptoms of COPD; 4. To assess the effects of GFF relative to UV on health‐related quality of life Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 24 weeks of treatment SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): Onset of action on day 1; proportion of patients with increase of FEV1 of =100 ml from baseline at 5 minutes ; Change from baseline in Peak FEV1 within 2 hours post‐dosing ; Change from baseline in Peak Inspiratory Capacity (IC) within 2 hours post‐dosing ; Transition Dyspnea Index (TDI) focal score ; Change from baseline in Early Morning Symptoms COPD Instrument (EMSCI) Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 5 minutes on Day 1 for early onset, 24 weeks for all other endpoints INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Provision of informed consent prior to any study specific procedures 2. Female or male patients aged 40‐95 years inclusive at the time of enrolment at screening 3. Tobacco Use: Current or former smoker with a history of at least 10 pack‐years of cigarette smoking (1 pack year = 20 cigarettes smoked per day for 1 year) 4. A current clinical diagnosis of COPD, with COPD symptoms for more than 1 year prior to screening, as defined by GOLD criteria or other current guidelines 5. COPD Severity defined as: ‐ At screening visits, post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC ratio <0.70, FEV1 <80% of predicted normal value, and FEV1 =750 mL if FEV1 is <30% of predicted normal value ‐ At randomisation, FEV1/FVC ratio <0.70 and FEV1 <80% of predicted normal value in both pre‐dose assessments 6. COPD treatment with rescue medication only, or stable dose of maintenance monotherapy (LAMA, LABA or ICS), or stable dose of double maintenance therapy (LAMA/LABA or
 A Randomized Study, Comparing Fluticasone Furoate/Umeclidinium/Vilanterol (FF/UMEC /VI) Single Inhaler Triple Therapy, Versus Multiple Inhaler Therapy (Budesonide/Formoterol Plus Tiotropium) in Subjects With Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD);  The primary purpose of this study is to evaluate lung function and health related quality of life (HRQoL) after 84 days of treatment with a single inhaler triple therapy combination of FF/UMEC /VI [100/62.5/25 microgram (mcg)] once daily via ELLIPTA® compared with a multiple inhaler combination therapy of Symbicort Metered Dose Inhaler (MDI) (budesonide/formoterol 320/9 mcg) twice daily plus Spiriva HandiHaler (tiotropium 18 mcg) once daily. The study will inform healthcare providers that subjects can be effectively and safely switched to FF/UMEC /VI single inhaler therapy from a multiple inhaler triple therapy regimen of Symbicort MDI and Spiriva Handihaler. Eligible subjects will enter a 4‐week run‐in period during which they will be administered budesonide/formoterol (320/9 mcg) twice daily plus tiotropium (18 mcg) once daily plus placebo via ELLIPTA. Following the run‐in period, subjects will be randomized to receive one of the following study treatments for 84 days: 1) FF/UMEC /VI 100/62.5/25 mcg via ELLIPTA once daily in the morning plus two inhalations of placebo to match budesonide/formoterol via MDI, twice daily plus placebo to match tiotropium via HandiHaler once daily in the morning or 2) Budesonide/formoterol 320/9 mcg via MDI, twice daily plus tiotropium 18 mcg via HandiHaler once daily in the morning plus placebo via ELLIPTA once daily in the morning. Subjects will then enter a one week follow‐up period. The total duration for a subject in the study will be approximately 17 weeks. ELLIPTA is a registered trademark of the GlaxoSmithKline group of companies.
 A Randomized Study, Comparing Fluticasone Furoate/Umeclidinium/Vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) Single Inhaler Triple Therapy, Versus Multiple Inhaler Therapy (Budesonide/Formoterol Plus Tiotropium) in Subjects With Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD);  The primary purpose of this study is to evaluate lung function and health related quality of life (HRQoL) after 84 days of treatment with a single inhaler triple therapy combination of FF/UMEC/VI [100/62.5/25 microgram (mcg)] once daily via the ELLIPTA™ compared with a multiple inhaler combination therapy of Symbicort Metered Dose Inhaler (MDI) (budesonide/formoterol 320/9 mcg) twice daily plus Spiriva HandiHaler (tiotropium 18 mcg) once daily. The study will inform healthcare providers that subjects can be effectively and safely switched to FF/UMEC/VI single inhaler therapy from a multiple inhaler triple therapy regimen of Symbicort MDI and Spiriva Handihaler. Eligible subjects will enter a 4‐week run‐in period during which they will be administered budesonide/formoterol (320/9 mcg) twice daily plus tiotropium (18 mcg) once daily plus placebo via ELLIPTA. Following the run‐in period, subjects will be randomized to receive one of the following study treatments for 84 days: 1) FF/UMEC/VI 100/62.5/25 mcg via ELLIPTA once daily in the morning plus two inhalations of placebo to match budesonide/formoterol via MDI, twice daily plus placebo to match tiotropium via HandiHaler once daily in the morning or 2) Budesonide/formoterol 320/9 mcg via MDI, twice daily plus tiotropium 18 mcg via HandiHaler once daily in the morning plus placebo via ELLIPTA once daily in the morning. Subjects will then enter a one week follow‐up period. The total duration for a subject in the study will be approximately 17 weeks. ELLIPTA is a registered trademark of the GlaxoSmithKline group of companies.
 A 24-Week Study to Evaluate the Safety and Efficacy of ADVAIR DISKUS® Inhaler 250/50mcg Plus SPIRIVA HANDIHALER® Inhaler Versus SPIRIVA HANDIHALER® Inhaler Plus Placebo DISKUS® Inhaler in Subjects With Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD);  The purpose of the study is to determine the efficacy and safety of the combination of ADVAIR DISKUS® 250/50mcg (FLUTICASONE PROPIONATE/SALMETEROL COMBINATION PRODUCT) plus SPIRIVA® HANDIHALER® inhaler 18mcg (TIOTROPIUM) compared to SPIRIVA® HANDIHALER® inhaler 18mcg (TIOTROPIUM) in patients with COPD. SPIRIVA® and HANDIHALER® are trade marks of Boehringer Ingelheim Pharma GmbH & Co. KG. ADVAIR DISKUS® are registered trademarks of the GSK group of companies.
 Efficacy and tolerability of budesonide/formoterol (B/F) added to tiotropium (T) vs T alone in East-Asian patients (pts) with severe/very severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD);  RATIONALE:Triple therapy with B/F (Symbicort® Turbuhaler®) and T improves outcomes in COPD pts, but no such data are currently available in East‐Asian pts. METHODS: In this open‐label study (NCT01397890), East‐Asian pts with severe/very severe COPD were randomised to B/F 160/4.5 μg 2 inhalations twice daily + T 18 μg once daily (od) or T alone (18 μg od), for 12 weeks. Primary endpoint: pre‐dose forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1). RESULTS:Both regimens increased pre‐dose FEV1, treatment difference with B/F+T [n=287] vs T alone [n=291]: 4.4% (95% CI: 1.9‐6.9), p=.0.0004. B/F+T vs Tincreased 5‐min (7.9%) and 60‐min (8.6%) post‐dose FEV1 (both p<0.0001), reduced COPD exacerbations (COPD‐related systemic steroid use, hospitalisation or emergency room visit) by 41% (p=0.0032), prolonged time to first exacerbation (p=0.017; Figure), and reduced daytime reliever use by 0.7 inhalations (p<0.0001) and St George's Respiratory Questionnaire for COPD pts total score by 5.2 units (p=0.0003). There was a similar incidence of adverse events (AEs; both 26%), with fewer serious AEs for B/F+T vs T alone (5% vs 8%). (Figure Presented) CONCLUSIONS: In East‐Asian pts with severe/very severe COPD, B/F+T rapidly and sustainably improved FEV1, prevented COPD exacerbations and improved health‐related quality of life vs T alone.
 Diuretics, plasma brain natriuretic peptide and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  BACKGROUND: Brain natriuretic peptide (BNP) is associated with increased myocardial stretching. This study aims to assess the effect of mild diuretics on plasma BNP levels in patients with an acute exacerbation of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) who have high plasma concentrations of BNP. METHODS: Thirty consecutive patients with an acute exacerbation of COPD without any clinical evidence of cor pulmonale who had elevated plasma BNP concentrations (group 1) and 15 patients with stable COPD as controls (group 2) participated in this study. A mild diuretic treatment in addition to the standard treatment for an acute attack of COPD was randomised to 15 patients in group 1 (group 1A). The remaining patients in group 1 only took standard treatment for acute COPD exacerbation (group 1B). Plasma BNP concentrations were measured on admission and repeated on the 5th and 10th days. RESULTS: There was a significant decrease in plasma BNP concentrations, more striking in group 1A than 1B. Both in group 1A and 1B, the fall in plasma BNP concentrations was independent of either presence or absence of right ventricular dysfunction on echo evaluation. CONCLUSION: Adding mild diuretics to the standard treatment for an acute attack of COPD may rapidly reduce plasma BNP levels in COPD patients with acute exacerbations who have high plasma BNP levels without any clinical evidence of cor pulmonale.
 Effect of Acupuncture on Patients With Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease;  COPD, characterized by progressive airflow obstruction, airway inflammation, and systemic effects or comorbidities, is a leading cause of morbidity and mortality and is projected to be the third leading cause of death worldwide by 2030. Since breathlessness, exercise limitation and health status impairment broadly exist in COPD patients, effective management should be based on an individualized assessment of disease in order to reduce both current symptoms, which involves relieving symptoms, improving exercise tolerance and health status. At present, although appropriate pharmacologic therapy can relieve COPD symptoms, reduce the frequency and severity of exacerbations, and improve health status and exercise tolerance, its cost and adverse effects can never be ignored. Acupuncture, an important part of traditional Chinese Medicine, has been used for thousands of years in treating many painful and non‐painful conditions. To date, it has become popular and widely practiced in many countries around the world. In the past two decades, acupuncture research has grown markedly, in both the proportion of randomized clinical trials (RCTs) and the impact factor of journals. Evidences from both clinicians and patients suggest that there is some beneficial effect of acupuncture on COPD. At present, there are many therapies available for patients with COPD, it is difficult for us to identify the most suitable therapy. Thus, this study aims to compare the efficacy of conventional drug, acupuncture and the combination of conventional drug and acupuncture, and then determine which is the most suitable therapy, providing a scientific basis for clinical decision. This is a multi‐center, randomized, controlled trial to compare the efficacy of three therapies for patients with COPD. After a 14‐day run‐in period, 150 subjects will be randomly assigned to one of the three therapies (conventional drug, acupuncture, and the combination of conventional drug and acupuncture) for 12 weeks treatment. After the treatment period, subjects in three arms will be followed up for 12 weeks. The primary outcomes will include exercise capacity (6MWD) and St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ), and secondary outcomes dyspnea (mMRC), acute exacerbation, lung function, quality of life (COPD assessment test, clinical symptom assessment questionnaire, COPD‐PRO and EQ‐5D) and health economics.
 Efficacy of tiotropium in COPD patients with FEV1 ≥ 60% participating in the UPLIFT® trial;  GOLD stage II COPD encompasses patients with FEV₁ 50‐80% predicted. A published trials review suggested that benefits of maintenance therapy are limited to patients with FEV₁ <60% predicted. We previously reported data demonstrating the efficacy of tiotropium in GOLD stage II disease in the 4‐year UPLIFT® trial, and present here a further analysis of a sub‐category of GOLD stage II patients with post‐bronchodilator FEV1 ≥60% predicted from UPLIFT®. Outcomes included pre‐ and post‐bronchodilator spirometry, exacerbations, SGRQ and mortality. Of the 5,992 UPLIFT® cohort, 1,210 (632 tiotropium, 578 control) had baseline post‐bronchodilator FEV₁ ≥60% predicted (range 60‐78%), mean age was 64 years, 70% were men, and mean SGRQ total score was 39.9 units. Mean annual rate of post‐bronchodilator FEV₁ decline was 41 (tiotropium) and 49 (control) mL/year (P = 0.07); corresponding pre‐bronchodilator values were 32 and 37 mL/year (P = 0.24). Morning pre‐drug FEV₁ and FVC improvements for tiotropium versus control were 87‐127 mL and 139‐186 ml, respectively (P < 0.001, all time‐points). SGRQ total score improvements (tiotropium‐control) were 2.0‐3.4 units (P < 0.05 for all); a higher percentage of patients had an improvement of ≥4 units with tiotropium (P <0.05). Tiotropium reduced risk for an exacerbation (HR [95% CI] = 0.83 [0.71, 0.96]) and mortality for the 4‐year protocol‐defined treatment period (HR [95% CI] = 0.66 [0.45, 0.96]). Tiotropium treatment provides clinical efficacy in patients with GOLD stage II disease with an FEV₁ ≥60% predicted, supporting current GOLD guidelines for COPD treatment. (ClinicalTrials.gov number NCT00144339).
 A CLINICAL STUDY TO COMPARE TWO DRUGS: ACLIDINIUM BROMIDE/FORMOTEROL FUMARATE (treatment 1) COMPARED WITH SALMETEROL/FLUTICASONE PROPRIONATE (treatment 2) FOR 24-WEEKS TREATMENT IN SYMPTOMATIC PATIENTS WITH CHRONIC OBSTRUCTIVE PULMONARY DISEASE (COPD). THE STUDY IS "RANDOMISED" (EQUAL CHANCE OF RECEIVING TREATMENT 1 or TREATMENT 2) AND "DOUBLE BLIND" (NEITHER PATIENTS NOR THE STUDY DOCTOR WILL KNOW THE TREATMENT)";  INTERVENTION: Product Name: Aclidinium bromide/Formoterol Fumarate 400/12 µg fixed‐dose combination Product Code: LAS40464 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder INN or Proposed INN: ACLIDINIUM BROMIDE CAS Number: 320345‐99‐1 Current Sponsor code: LAS34273 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 400‐ INN or Proposed INN: Formoterol CAS Number: 183814‐30‐4 Other descriptive name: FORMOTEROL FUMARATE DIHYDRATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 12‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Trade Name: Seretide Accuhaler Product Name: Seretide Accuhaler 50 µg /500 µg Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed INN or Proposed INN: Salmeterol CAS Number: 94749‐08‐3 Other descriptive name: SALMETEROL XINAFOATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ INN or Proposed INN: Fluticasone CAS Number: 80474‐14‐2 Other descriptive name: FLUTICASONE PROPIONATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 500‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use CONDITION: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) ; MedDRA version: 16.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10010952 Term: COPD System Organ Class: 100000004855 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: 1. To assess the long term bronchodilator efficacy of Aclidinium bromide/Formoterol fumarate, administered twice a day, compared to Salmeterol/Fluticasone propionate (SeretideTM AccuhalerTM) in symptomatic COPD patients.; ; 2. To compare the benefits of Aclidinium bromide/Formoterol fumarate, administered twice a day, versus twice‐daily regimen of SeretideTM AccuhalerTM in disease‐related health status and COPD symptoms.; ; 3. To evaluate the long term safety and tolerability of Aclidinium bromide/Formoterol fumarate, administered twice a day, compared to twice daily SeretideTM AccuhalerTM in the same target population. Primary end point(s): Peak FEV1 at week 24 Secondary Objective: not applicable Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Please refer to point E.5.1 SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): TDI focal score at week 24 Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Please refer to point E.5.2 INCLUSION CRITERIA: For inclusion and randomisation in the trial, patients must meet each of the following criteria at Screening Visit (Visit 1) and at Visit 2 prior to randomisation. 1. Adult male or non‐pregnant, non‐lactating female aged = 40. Women of childbearing potential will follow specific study requirements. Explanatory note: A female is considered to be of childbearing potential unless she has had a hysterectomy, is at least one year post‐menopausal or has undergone tubal ligation. Women of childbearing potential are allowed to enter the trial if they show to have a negative serum pregnancy test at the Screening Visit (Visit 1) and are using, during the last two months before the Screening Visit, at least one medically approved and highly effective method of birth control defined as those which result in a low failure rate (i.e less than 1% per year) when used consistently and correctly such as implants, injectables, oral contraceptives combined with at
 Role and pharmacological modulation of lug inflammation in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) - ND;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: FLIXOTIDE DISK 500 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder INN or Proposed INN: Fluticasone Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 500‐ Trade Name: SPIRIVA Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, hard capsule INN or Proposed INN: Tiotropium bromide Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 18‐ CONDITION: chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ; MedDRA version: 12.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10008842 Term: Chronic bronchitis & emphysema PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: Study of the effects of therapy with inhaled glucocorticoids on neutrophil cell counts in sputum, iPF2alfa, a biomarker of oxidative stress, and endogenous anti‐inflammatory compounds (prostaglandin E, lipoxins) in exhaled breath condensate (EBC) and sputum supernatants in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Primary end point(s): 1. Neutrophil cell counts in sputum Secondary Objective: 1) cellular analysis of induced sputum 2) measurement of fractional exhaled nitric oxide (FeNO) 3) measurement of biomarkers of systemic inflammation (serum C reactive protein, urinary iPF2alfa) 4) assessment of lung function 5) study of possible correlations between clinical, biochemical, cellular and functional parameters INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Patient is male or female, at least 40 years of age and no more than 85 years. 2. Patient has mild, moderate or severe COPD according to the GOLD guidelines with a FEV1/FVC < 70% and FEV1 > 30% of the predicted value. 3. Reversibility to short‐acting beta‐agonists (SABA) of less than 200 ml or less than 12% predicted value FEV1 4. No acute exacerbations in the previous 3 months 5. No history of systemic disease or other pulmonary disease 6. No treatment with inhaled or systemic glucocorticoids in the previous 3 weeks. 7. No history of asthma or atopic disease 8. Current treatment for COPD includes SABA alone as needed; patients on tiotropium before the beginning of the study will continue tiotropium; patients on a different antimuscarinic drug before the beginning of the study will continue bronchodilating treatment with tiotropium; patients on a LABA before the beginning of the study, will continue bronchodilating treatment with tiotropium 9. Ability
 Study of Fluticasone/Formoterol/Glycopyrronium for the Treatment Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (TRIPLAR);  This is a phase 3 non‐inferiority, randomized, open‐label study with active control tocompare the efficacy and safety of a fixed‐dose triple combination to another triplecombination with already established efficacy in subjects with symptomatic chronicobstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).This study will be conducted in two stages. Study Step 1 The primary assessment ofnon‐inferiority will be performed after 12 weeks of treatment by assessing FEV1 (Forcedexpiratory volume in the first second) in relation to baseline.Study Step 2 In a second step, it will be assessed whether the benefits of the new triplecombination on respiratory symptoms and health‐related quality of life are sustained inthe long term and to determine the annual rate of flares in 52 weeks of treatment.The study will comprise a screening phase, consisting of a screening and run‐in visitlasting up to 14 days, and a treatment phase in which, after collecting baseline data(which includes assessment of FEV1 (Forced expiratory volume in the first second) andquality of life through a questionnaire), participants will be randomized and begin theirrespective treatments.Visits during Step 1 of treatment will be performed at weeks 4 and 12. The week 12 visitwill be the primary endpoint visit.After 12 weeks, Step 2 of the study will begin with all participants who completed Step 1and who agreed to remain in the study to receive Eurofarma's experimental drug for up to52 weeks. Visits during this step will be performed at weeks 24, 36 and 52 to assesssafety, quality of life, lung function and flare rate (exploratory endpoints).
 Exhaled NO Based Treatment of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD), ICS/LABA Versus LAMA;  Eligible COPD patients (newly diagnosed or untreated for at least 3 months) will be enrolled at out‐patient clinic after consenting by participants. Upon enrollment, exhaled NO (eNO) will be measured and patients will be categorized into 2 groups according to eNO levels: either high exhaled NO (greater than or equal to 23.5 ppb) or low eNO (< 23.5 ppb) group. In each group, patients will be randomized to receive either 2 inhalations of fluticasone/salmeterol 250/25 mcg/ pudd twice daily or 2 inhalations of tiotropium 2.5 mcg/inhalation for 12 weeks and followed at scheduled visits. Testing outcome measures include eNO, lung function, different count and mediators in induced sputum, and which will be tested as the following timings: before (baseline, week 0), and after treatment (week 4 and week 12). Rescue medication and drug compliance will be record.
 Differential Trough Effects of 'Triple Therapy' on Pulmonary Function in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD);  Different medications are often used in combination for the condition COPD (chronic obstructive pulmonary disease). Some medicines act by opening the airways (bronchodilators) and some act as anti‐inflammatories (steroids). More recently an approach of using a combination inhaler (containing a steroid and a long‐acting bronchodilator) at the same time as a long acting bronchodilator of a different group of medicines (anti‐cholinergics inhalers) has been used. This approach is sometimes called 'triple therapy'. Studies which have looked at these combinations usually use only standard blowing tests (spirometry) to test these medicines and focus on the effects of the medicines at their highest (peak) levels. It is some ways more relevant to study these medicines towards to end of the dose period (trough)‐ just before the next dose. This is when there is less medicine in the system, and differences in drug effects are more obvious. There are also more detailed breathing tests than spirometry which get a more detailed picture of the way the lungs respond to bronchodilator medicines. The investigators have studied 'triple therapy' in COPD, by measuring the effects at the end of the dosing interval (trough) using a range of detailed respiratory tests.
 Investigation of steroid responsiveness in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  INTERVENTION: 188 patients with COPD, GOLD groups B‐D, are recruited within 18 months. Based on the histological analysis of endobronchial biopsies taken by flexible bronchoscopy, patients are divided into two groups. Group A includes patients with ASMC area >20% and group B includes patients with ASMC area =20%. All patients follow a run‐in period of 6 weeks on open‐label triple therapy with LAMA (aclidinium 400 mcg, bid), LABA (formoterol 12 mcg, bid) and ICS (budesonide 400 mcg, bid). Subsequently, patients from each group are randomized (1:1) to receive either: 1. Triple treatment with LAMA, LABA and ICS (groups A1 and B1) or 2. Combined bronchodilator therapy with LAMA and LABA and placebo for ICS (groups A2 and B2) Randomization will be stratified by group (A vs B), follow a block size of 4. The duration of treatment will be 12 months, with follow‐up at 3, 6, 9 and 12 months after randomization. CONDITION: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ; Respiratory ; Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, unspecified PRIMARY OUTCOME: To compare the differences in the mean decrease of post‐bronchodilator FEV1 in milliliters measured using a spirometer at 12 months, between patients with low (=20%) and high (>20%) ASMC area and according to whether they received ICS or not SECONDARY OUTCOME: Immediately after the run‐in phase, at 3, 6, 9 and 12 months after randomization to compare changes in:; 1. Modified Medical Research Council (MMRC) dyspnea scale; 2. COPD assessment test (CAT); 3. Health‐related quality of life, measured using SF‐36, SGRQ; 4. Pre and post bronchodilator body plethysmography/DLCO; 5. Expiratory FeNO; 6. Single and multiple‐breath N2 wash‐out; 7. Forced impulse oscillometry; 8. 6‐minute walking distance (6MWD); 9. Movement patterns, measured using accelerometry; 10. Therapy‐related side effects (oral candidiasis, tachycardia, tremor, hoarseness, pneumonia); 11. Exacerbations rate; 12. Serum biomarkers; between patients with low (=20%) and high (>20%) ASMC area and according to whether they received ICS or not INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Age = 40 years 2. COPD, as defined by the GOLD Guidelines and categorization in groups B‐D 3. No acute exacerbation of COPD or any respiratory infection requiring medical attention or leading to a change in medication within the last 4 weeks 4. Unchanged respiratory medication regimen within the last 8 weeks 5. At least one exacerbation in the previous year 6. Current or ex‐smokers with smoking history of = 10 pack‐years 7. Willingness to participate in a longitudinal, cohort study 8. Capability to provide written informed consent
 Bronchodilator efficacy of combined salmeterol and tiotropium in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  OBJECTIVE: Bronchodilators are still the most effective drugs for controlling the symptoms of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Tiotropium bromide, a long‐acting anticholinergic drug, has recently been added to the therapeutic arsenal for the disease. To date, there have been no studies combining 2 long‐acting bronchodilators. The aim of the present trial was to determine whether the combination of salmeterol and tiotropium improved lung function in COPD patients more than either of them alone. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Twenty‐two patients (20 men) diagnosed with COPD, with a mean age of 64 years, were enrolled in this cross‐over trial. Active smokers were excluded. Mean (SD) forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) was 43% (14%) of predicted. All patients were experienced in the use of inhalers. The following 3 therapeutic combinations were randomly assigned to be administered for a 1‐week period: a) fluticasone (500 microg/12 h), salmeterol (50 microg/12 h) and placebo; b) fluticasone, tiotropium (18 microg/24 h), and placebo; and c) fluticasone, salmeterol, and tiotropium. At the end of each period, forced spirometry was performed before inhalation of the therapeutic combination (between 8:30 am and 9:30 am) and 2 hours after inhalation. Throughout the week, morning peak flow rates measured immediately before inhalation were recorded, and there was a 48‐hour wash‐out period between each therapeutic combination. RESULTS: All the patients completed the protocol. There were no significant differences in preinhalation or postinhalation FEV1 with salmeterol compared to tiotropium (preinhalation FEV1, 1.17 [0.55] L compared to 1.19 [0.49] L; postinhalation FEV1, 1.32 [0.65] L compared to 1.29 [0.61] L). In all cases postinhalation FEV1 was significantly higher than preinhalation FEV1. The combination of fluticasone, salmeterol, and tiotropium proved superior to the other 2 combinations with respect to both preinhalation FEV1 and postinhalation FEV1 (preinhalation FEV1, 1.32 [0.56] L, [P<.03 in both comparisons]; postinhalation FEV1, 1.49 [0.68] L [P<.001 in both comparisons]). Peak flow rate was also significantly higher with the combination of the 2 bronchodilators (345 L/min compared to 291 L/min and 311 mL, respectively [P <.04 in both cases]). There were no notable side effects. CONCLUSIONS: In terms of improvement in lung function, the combination of salmeterol and tiotropium together with fluticasone is more effective in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD than either of the 2 bronchodilators administered alone.
 A 12-week, double-blind, randomised, parallel group, multi-centre, study to evaluate efficacy and safety of budesonide/formoterol (Symbicort® Turbuhaler®) 320/9 µg one inhalation twice daily on top of tiotropium (Spiriva®) 18 µg one inhalation once daily compared with tiotropium 18 µg one inhalation once daily, in patients with severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) - CLIMB;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Symbicort Turbuhaler 320/9 microgram/inhalation Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder INN or Proposed INN: BUDESONIDE CAS Number: 51333223 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 320‐ INN or Proposed INN: FORMOTEROL FUMARATE CAS Number: 43229807 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 9‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Trade Name: Spiriva Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, hard capsule CAS Number: 411207313 Other descriptive name: TIOTROPIUM BROMIDE MONOHYDRATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 22.5‐ CONDITION: Severe Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) ; MedDRA version: 9.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10010952 Term: COPD PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: The primary objective of this study is to evaluate the efficacy on lung function of; tiotropium bromide (Spiriva®, Boehringer Ingelheim) 18 µg one inhalation once daily + budesonide/formoterol (Symbicort®) Turbuhaler® 320/9 µg one inhalation twice daily compared to Spiriva 18 µg one inhalation once daily alone.; Primary end point(s): The primary outcome variable will be pre‐dose Forced Expiratory Volume in 1 second; (FEV1) assessed by spirometry at clinic visits.; Secondary Objective: The secondary objective of the study is to evaluate safety by assessing the nature, incidence and severity of adverse events (AEs) and vital signs within the treatment groups.; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Provision of informed consent prior to conducting any study‐related procedure 2. Outpatient, man or woman =40 years 3. A clinical diagnosis of COPD, and symptoms for more than 2 years 4. A current or previous smoker with a smoking history equivalent to 10 or more pack years (1 pack year =20 cigarettes smoked per day for one year) 5. A history of at least one COPD exacerbation, requiring a dose of oral steroids and/or antibiotics within 1 to 12 months before Visit 2 6. FEV1 =50% of predicted normal value, pre‐bronchodilator 7. FEV1/VC <70%, pre‐bronchodilator 8. Able to read and write and use the electronic devices (eDiary and ePEF) To be randomised to the treatment period, the following criteria must be fulfilled at Visit 3: 9. Total COPD symptom score =2 per day for at least 7 days of the run‐in period (by totalling the breathing, cough, and chest tightness scores from the diary) or during at least half of the run‐in pe
 A Randomized, Double-Blind, Parallel-Group, 28-Week, Chronic-Dosing, Multi-Center, Extension Study to Assess the Safety and Efficacy of PT010, PT003, and PT009 in Japanese Subjects With Moderate to Very Severe Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) Compared With Symbicort Turbuhaler as an Active Control (PT010007);  INTERVENTION: Intervention name : BGF MDI (PT010) Dosage And administration of the intervention : BGF MDI (PT010) Budesonide, Glycopyrronium, and Formoterol Fumarate Inhalation Aerosol, BGF MDI, PT010 Intervention name : GFF MDI (PT003) Dosage And administration of the intervention : GFF MDI (PT003) Glycopyrronium and Formoterol Fumarate Inhalation Aerosol, GFF MDI, PT003 Intervention name : BFF MDI (PT009) Dosage And administration of the intervention : BFF MDI (PT009) Budesonide and Formoterol Fumarate Inhalation Aerosol, BFF MDI, PT009 Control intervention name : Symbicort Turbohaler Inhalation Powder Dosage And administration of the control intervention : Budesonide and Formoterol Fumarate Inhalation Powder, Symbicort Turbohaler Inhalation Powder, Symbicort Turbohaler CONDITION: COPD INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐Given their signed written informed consent to participate. ‐Subjects must have agreed to participate and complete the lead‐in Study PT010006. ‐Non‐child bearing potential (ie, physiologically incapable of becoming pregnant, including any female who is 2 years post‐menopausal); or Child bearing potential, has a negative serum pregnancy test at Visit 1, and agrees to acceptable contraceptive methods used consistently and correctly for the duration of the study. ‐Subjects with an established clinical history of COPD as defined by the American Thoracic Society (ATS)/European Respiratory Society (ERS), or other local applicable guidelines. ‐Current or former smokers with a history of at least 10 pack‐years of cigarette smoking. ‐Forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1)/Forced vital capacity (FVC) ratio must be <0.70 and FEV1 must be <80% predicted normal value calculated using NHANES III reference equations (or reference norms appl
 Capturing Exacerbations of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease with EXACT. A Subanalysis of FLAME;  RATIONALE: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease exacerbations accelerate lung function decline, reduce quality of life, and increase mortality. A subset of patients (n = 457) from the FLAME (Effect of Indacaterol Glycopyrronium vs. Fluticasone Salmeterol on COPD Exacerbations) study used the Exacerbations of COPD Tool (EXACT) to capture symptom‐defined exacerbations. OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the effect of indacaterol/glycopyrronium versus salmeterol/fluticasone on symptom‐defined exacerbations measured using EXACT, and to assess differences between these events and exacerbations requiring healthcare resource use (HCRU). METHODS: All patients in FLAME used an electronic diary to record and detect symptom deteriorations; HCRU‐related exacerbations were confirmed by investigators. In patients using the EXACT questionnaire, the onset, recovery, and magnitude of symptom‐defined exacerbations were identified by changes in total scores relative to baseline. We analyzed the annualized rate and time to first symptom‐defined (EXACT) exacerbation and assessed differences between symptom‐defined and HCRU events in terms of number, severity, and concordance. MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: A nonsignificant 17% reduction in the annualized rate of symptom‐defined (EXACT) exacerbations (rate ratio, 0.83; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.60‐1.14; P = 0.242) and a numerically longer time to first symptom‐defined exacerbation were observed with indacaterol/glycopyrronium versus salmeterol/fluticasone (hazard ratio, 0.76; 95% CI, 0.56‐1.03; P = 0.075). These results were consistent with data from the overall FLAME population. Of the symptom‐defined (EXACT) events, 23.5% corresponded to HCRU events, and 22.2% of HRCU events were captured by EXACT (κ index, 0.24; 95% CI, 0.15‐0.33). CONCLUSIONS: Regardless of the exacerbation definition used, our findings support the use of long‐acting β2 agonists/long‐acting muscarinic receptor antagonists as the preferred treatment option for patients at risk of future exacerbations. Clinical trial registered with www.clinicaltrials.gov (NCT01782326).
 Population Pharmacokinetic Analysis of Fluticasone Furoate/Umeclidinium Bromide/Vilanterol in Patients with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease;  BACKGROUND: Population pharmacokinetic methods were used to characterize the pharmacokinetics of fluticasone furoate (FF), umeclidinium (UMEC), and vilanterol (VI) in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) when administered as a fixed‐dose combination via a single closed inhaler. METHODS: Plasma concentration data from three studies were analyzed using non‐linear mixed‐effects modeling in NONMEM®. RESULTS: The pooled dataset consisted of 2948, 2589, and 3331 FF, UMEC, and VI observations from 714, 622, and 817 patients with COPD, respectively. There were 41%, 13%, and 21% of observations below the quantification limit for FF, UMEC, and VI, respectively. The pharmacokinetics of FF, UMEC, and VI were all adequately described by a two‐compartment model with first‐order absorption. The following covariates were statistically significant, but none were considered to be clinically relevant. For FF, Japanese heritage and FF/VI treatment on apparent inhaled clearance (CL/F) with FF CL/F 35% lower in patients of Japanese heritage across all treatments and FF CL/F 42% higher in patients with COPD following FF/VI administration. This is in line with the product label. For UMEC, weight, age, and smoking status on CL/F and weight on apparent volume of distribution (V2/F) with every 10% increase in age from 60 years of age leading to approximately a 6% decrease in UMEC CL/F and every 10% increase in weight from 70 kg leading to approximately a 6% increase in UMEC CL/F and approximately an 8% increase in UMEC V2/F. For a subject with COPD who smoked, UMEC CL/F was 28% higher. For VI, weight on CL/F and smoking status on V2/F with an approximately 4% increase in VI CL/F for every 10% increase in weight from 70 kg, and for a subject with COPD who smoked, VI V2/F was 46% higher. The majority of these covariates have been previously identified in historical analyses. None of these effects were clinically relevant in terms of systemic exposures and do not warrant dose adjustment. CONCLUSIONS: All FF, UMEC, and VI plasma concentrations were well interspersed with historical data and were all adequately described by a two‐compartment model with first‐order absorption. There were no clinically relevant differences in FF, UMEC, or VI systemic exposures when administered as FF/UMEC/VI, FF/VI + UMEC, or the dual combinations FF/VI and/or UMEC/VI.
 A multicentre, randomised, double-blind, double dummy, parallel group 12-week exploratory study to compare the effect of the salmeterol/fluticasone propionate combination product (SERETIDE) 50/500mcg bd via the DISKUS/ACCUHALER inhaler with tiotropium bromide 18 mcg od via the Handihaler inhalation device on efficacy and safety in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD);  Study period: March 2003 ‐ October 2003
 A Randomized, Double-Blind, Parallel-Group, 24-Week, Chronic-Dosing, Multi-Center Study to Assess the Efficacy and Safety of PT010, PT003, and PT009 Compared With Symbicort Turbuhaler as an Active Control in Subjects With Moderate to Very Severe Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (PT010006);  INTERVENTION: Intervention name : BGF MDI (PT010) 320/14.4/9.6 micrograms Dosage And administration of the intervention : BGF MDI (PT010) 320/14.4/9.6 micrograms ex‐actuator : BGF MDI 320/14.4/9.6 micrograms, Budesonide, Glycopyrronium, Formoterol Fumarate Inhalation Aerosol Intervention name : GFF MDI (PT003) 14.4/9.6 micrograms Dosage And administration of the intervention : GFF MDI (PT003) 14.4/9.6 micrograms ex‐actuator : GFF MDI 14.4/9.6 micrograms ex‐actuator Glycopyrronium, Formoterol Fumarate Inhalation Aerosol Intervention name : BFF MDI (PT009) 320/9.6 micrograms Dosage And administration of the intervention : BFF MDI (PT009) 320/9.6 micrograms ex‐actuator : BFF MDI 320/9.6 micrograms, Budesonide, Formoterol Fumarate Inhalation Aerosol Control intervention name : Symbicort Turbuhaler (TBH) Inhalation Powder Dosage And administration of the control intervention : Symbicort Turbuhaler (TBH) Inhalation Powder 200/6 micrograms CONDITION: COPD INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐Given their signed written informed consent to participate. ‐Non‐child bearing potential (ie, physiologically incapable of becoming pregnant, including any female who is 2 years post‐menopausal); or Child bearing potential, has a negative serum pregnancy test at Visit 1, and agrees to acceptable contraceptive methods used consistently and correctly for the duration of the study. ‐Subjects with an established clinical history of COPD as defined by the American Thoracic Society (ATS)/European Respiratory Society (ERS), or other local applicable guidelines. ‐Current or former smokers with a history of at least 10 pack‐years of cigarette smoking. ‐Forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1)/Forced vital capacity (FVC) ratio must be <0.70 and FEV1 must be <80% predicted normal value calculated using NHANES III reference equations (or reference norms applicable to other regions). ‐Required COPD maintenance therapy: ‐All Subjects
 A clinical study in which two different study drugs (CHF5993 and CHF1535) and placebo are administered with the same aerosol spray inhaler to evaluate the effect of study drugs on lung function parameters, exercise tolerance and physical activity in subjects with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: TRIMBOW® Product Name: TRIMBOW® Product Code: CHF5993 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation solution INN or Proposed INN: BECLOMETASONE DIPROPIONATE CAS Number: 5534‐09‐8 Current Sponsor code: CHF 718 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 100‐ INN or Proposed INN: FORMOTEROL FUMARATE CAS Number: 43229‐80‐7 Other descriptive name: FORMOTEROL FUMARATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 6‐ INN or Proposed INN: GLYCOPYRRONIUM Other descriptive name: GLYCOPYRRONIUM Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 10‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation solution Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Trade Name: FOSTER® Product Name: FOSTER® Product Code: CHF1535 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation solution INN or Proposed INN: BECLOMETASONE DIPROPIONATE CAS Number: 5534‐09‐8 Current Sponsor code: CHF 718 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 100‐ INN or Proposed INN: FORMOTEROL FUMARATE CAS Number: 43229‐80‐7 Other descriptive name: FORMOTEROL FUMARATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 6‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation solution Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) ; MedDRA version: 21.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10009032 Term: Chronic obstructive lung disease System Organ Class: 100000004855 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: • To evaluate the effect of CHF5993 and CHF1535 compared with placebo in terms of change from baseline in 2‐hour post‐dose inspiratory capacity (IC) prior to constant work‐rate cycle ergometry (CWRCE) test at Week 3 (of treatment) Primary end point(s): •Change from baseline in 2‐hour post‐dose IC prior to CWRCE test after 3 weeks of treatment Secondary Objective: • To evaluate the effect of CHF5993 and CHF1535 compared with placebo in terms of change from baseline in IC at isotime at Week 3. ; • To evaluate the effect of CHF5993 and CHF1535 compared with placebo in terms of change from baseline in 2‐hour post‐dose exercise endurance time (EET) at Week 3.; • To evaluate the safety profile of the study treatments in terms of occurrence of treatment‐emergent adverse events (TEAEs), adverse drug reactions (ADRs), severe ADRs, serious AEs (SAEs), severe AEs, AEs leading to discontinuation from study treatment and AEs leading to death.; • To evaluate the safety profile of the study treatments in terms of change from baseline in systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure and heart rate. ; ; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: At the end of each 3‐week treatment period SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): • Change from baseline in IC at isotime after 3 weeks of treatment.; • Change from baseline in 2‐hour post‐dose EET after 3 weeks of treatment.; • Occurrence of TEAEs, adverse drug reactions (ADRs), severe ADRs, serious TEAEs (SAEs), severe TEAEs, TEAEs leading to discontinuation from study treatment and TEAEs leading to death.; • Change from baseline in SBP, DBP and HR after 3 weeks of treatment.; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: • At the end of each 3‐week treatment period; • Safety endpoints will be monitored throughout all the study period; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1.A signed and dated written informed consent obtained prior to any study‐related procedures 2.Outpatient population 3.Male or female subjects > 40 years at Screening visit 4.COPD diagnosis for at least 12 months before the Screening visit according to the definition by the GOLD 2020 report 5.Current or ex‐smokers (who quit smoking for at least 6 months prior to Screening Visit) with a smoking history of at least 10 pack‐years 6.A post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC < 0.7 within 30 min after 4 puffs (4 x 100 µg) of salbutamol pMDI and a post‐bronchodilator FEV1 = 40% and <80% of the predicted normal values. 7.Pre‐bronchodilator functional residual capacity (FRC) of > 120% of predicted normal FRC values at Screening visit 1. 8.A score of >2 on the Modified Medical Research Council Dyspnea Scale (mMRC) at Visit 1 9.Subjects on mono‐ or dual inhaled maintenance COPD treatment at a stable dose for at least 3 months prior to screening 10.A coo
 Effects of tiotropium and salmeterol/fluticasone propionate on airway wall thickness in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  BACKGROUND: Triple inhalation therapy with tiotropium (Tio) and salmeterol/fluticasone propionate combination (SFC) is widely used in the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). However, the effects of triple therapy on airway structural changes remain unknown. OBJECTIVE: The aim of the study was to assess the effects of Tio, salmeterol (SM), SFC and Tio plus SFC on airway dimensions in COPD. METHODS: A randomized, open‐label, 4‐way study (n = 60) was conducted comparing 16‐week treatment periods of Tio (18 μg once daily), SM (50 μg twice daily), SFC (50/250 μg twice daily) and Tio (18 μg once daily) plus SFC (50/250 μg twice daily). Airway dimensions were assessed by a validated CT technique, and airway wall area (WA) corrected for body surface area (BSA), percentage WA (WA%), wall thickness/√BSA and luminal area (Ai)/BSA at the right apical segmental bronchus were measured. Pulmonary function and the St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) were evaluated. RESULTS: Tio plus SFC resulted in a significant decrease in WA corrected for BSA and WA% compared with Tio, SM and SFC (p < 0.05 for all). The changes in WA% and Ai/BSA were significantly correlated with changes in forced expiratory volume in 1 s (r = ‐0.86, p < 0.001, and r = 0.48, p < 0.05, respectively). There were more significant improvements in SGRQ scores after treatment with triple therapy than after the 3 other treatments. CONCLUSIONS: Tio plus SFC therapy is more effective than Tio, SM and SFC for reducing airway wall thickness in COPD.
 The prevention of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease exacerbations by salmeterol/fluticasone propionate or tiotropium bromide;  RATIONALE: Exacerbations are key drivers of morbidity and mortality in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). OBJECTIVES: We compared the relative efficacy of the long‐acting inhaled bronchodilator/antiinflammatory combination (salmeterol/fluticasone propionate) 50/500 microg twice daily and the long‐acting bronchodilator (tiotropium) 18 microg once daily in preventing exacerbations and related outcomes in severe and very severe COPD. METHODS: A total of 1,323 patients (mean age, 64 yr, post‐bronchodilator FEV1, 39% predicted) were randomized in this 2‐year, double‐blind, double‐dummy parallel study. MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: Primary endpoint was health care utilization exacerbation rate. Other endpoints included health status measured by St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ), mortality, adverse events, and study withdrawal. Probability of withdrawing from the study was 29% greater with tiotropium than salmeterol/fluticasone propionate (P = 0.005). The modeled annual exacerbation rate was 1.28 in the salmeterol/fluticasone propionate group and 1.32 in the tiotropium group (rate ratio, 0.967; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.836‐1.119]; P = 0.656). The SGRQ total score was statistically significantly lower at 2 years on salmeterol/fluticasone propionate versus tiotropium (difference 2.1 units; 95% CI, 0.1‐4.0; P = 0.038). Mortality was significantly lower in the salmeterol/fluticasone propionate group; 21 (3%) of patients in this group died compared with 38 (6%) in the tiotropium group (P = 0.032). More pneumonias were reported in the salmeterol/fluticasone propionate group relative to tiotropium (P = 0.008). CONCLUSIONS: We found no difference in exacerbation rate between salmeterol/fluticasone propionate and tiotropium. More patients failed to complete the study while receiving tiotropium. A small statistically significant beneficial effect was found on health status, with an unexpected finding of lower deaths in salmeterol/fluticasone propionate‐treated patients. Clinical trial registered with www.clinicaltrials.gov (NCT 00361959).
 Efficacy and Safety of Tozorakimab in Symptomatic Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease With a History of Exacerbations;  The purpose of this Phase III study is to evaluate the efficacy and safety of tozorakimab administered subcutaneously (SC) in adult participants with symptomatic COPD with a history of ≥ 2 moderate or ≥ 1 severe exacerbations of COPD in the 12 months prior to enrolment. Participants should be receiving optimised treatment with inhaled maintenance therapy (ICS/LABA/LAMA triple therapy, or dual therapy if triple is not considered appropriate) throughout at least the last 3 months prior to enrolment.
 Efficacy and Safety of Tozorakimab in Symptomatic Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease With a History of Exacerbations;  The purpose of this Phase III study is to evaluate the efficacy and safety of tozorakimab Dose 1 and Dose 2 administered subcutaneously (SC) in adult participants with symptomatic COPD and history of ≥ 2 moderate or ≥ 1 severe exacerbation of COPD in the previous 12 months. Participants should be receiving optimised treatment with maintenance inhaled therapy (ICS/LABA/LAMA triple therapy, or dual therapy if triple is not considered appropriate) in stable doses throughout at least 3 months prior to enrolment.
 Efficacy and Safety of Tozorakimab in Symptomatic Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease With a History of Exacerbations;  The purpose of this Phase III study is to evaluate the efficacy and safety of tozorakimab Dose 1 and Dose 2 administered subcutaneously (SC) in adult participants with symptomatic COPD and history of ≥ 2 moderate or ≥ 1 severe exacerbation of COPD in the previous 12 months. Participants should be receiving optimised treatment with maintenance inhaled therapy (ICS/LABA/LAMA triple therapy, or dual therapy if triple is not considered appropriate) in stable doses throughout at least 3 months prior to enrolment.
 Effect of tiotropium compared to salmetrol on dynamic hyperinflation in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  Background: Dynamic hyperinflation now is increasingly recognized as the main factor in exercise limitation in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease(COPD). Tiotropium is suggested to exert anti‐inflammatory and bronchodilator effects in patients with COPD with increase in inspiratory capacity(IC), FEV1 and decrease in RV/TLC. The aim of this study was compare the efficacy of Tiotrpium and Salmetrol in reducing in dynamic hyperinflation. Methods and material: seventy‐five patients with COPD in the early stages (stages mild & moderate) selected based on ATS criteria and after excluding other cardiopulmonary or other interfering diseases and were randomly divided into two groups with Tiotropium (only Tiotropium with 18 microgram per day via inhalation ) and the classical treatment group (salmeterol 50 microgram twice daily via inhalation ). After complete history and physical exam spirometry and lung volume measurements were performed (using Jaeger body plethysmograph, Germany) before and at the end of treatment. The results of the change in various parameters of pulmonary function indicating hyperinflation were compared in the two groups. Results: Of parameters tested FEV1 and IC increased and RV/TLC decreased significantly after treatment (P‐Value=0.0001) in both groups. However in comparison of the two groups only FEV1 and IC improvement were significantly higher in tiotropium group( P‐Value =0,0001 and 0.02 respectively) compared to salmerterol group. Conclusion: These findings suggest that in patients with COPD, improvement in dynamic hyperinflation may be more prominent with tiotropium compared to salmeterol.
 The effect of blocking TSLP signalling on airway inflammation in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: tezepelumab Product Code: MEDI9929 Pharmaceutical Form: Solution for injection in vial INN or Proposed INN: TEZEPELUMAB Other descriptive name: MEDI9929 Concentration unit: mg/ml milligram(s)/millilitre Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 110‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Solution for injection in vial Route of administration of the placebo: Subcutaneous use CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) ; MedDRA version: 21.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10009032 Term: Chronic obstructive lung disease System Organ Class: 100000004855 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To evaluate the effect of tezepelumab on eosinophilic bronchial mucosal tissue inflammation Primary end point(s): The primary endpoint in the trial will be change in eosinophil cell counts per mm2, expressed as ratio Secondary Objective: To evaluate the effect of tezepelumab on bronchial mucosal tissue inflammation Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Baseline to week‐20 SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): The change, expressed as ratio, in inflammatory cell counts (including neutrophils, mast cells, CD4+, CD8+ and macrophages) Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: baseline to week‐20 INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Written informed consent 2. A diagnosis of COPD 3. = 10 packyears smoked (current or ex‐smokers) 4. Age 40 years or older 5. Postbronchodilator FEV1 = 30% predicted (and = 1.0L) and < 80% predicted 6. Maintenance treatment with LAMA+LABA±ICS (stable dose) for at least 3 months prior to V1 7. =1 prednisolon and/or antibiotic treated exacerbation in the past 12 months Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range 40 F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range 40
 Efficacy of indacaterol, a modern ultralong-acting bronchodilator, in elderly patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is one of the most prevalent chronic diseases among elderly population worldwide. Because of the central role of long‐acting bronchodilators in the treatment of COPD, the interest of researchers for the development of new bronchodilators agents administered in a single dose is increasing in order to simplify the regimen for patients with moderate to severe COPD and to improve patient adherence to treatment. The objective of this study was to evaluate the effectiveness of modern bronchodilators in once‐daily administration on pulmonary function tests, dyspnoea scale, BODE index and the need to use rescue medication in elderly patients with COPD. The study was performed on patients aged over 65 years old previously diagnosed with moderate and severe COPD having a baseline medication with tiotropium, combination of budesonide and formoterol or combination fluticasone and salmeterol. After a baseline evaluation of the parameters mentioned above, the patients were divided into three groups. Patients already receiving tiotropium became the control group ant the others were randomly divided into two groups: one receiving treatment with indacaterol and the other new treatment with tiotropium. All the patients were reassessed after 60 days. We noticed an improvement of all parameters selected in patients who received indacaterol and tiotropium: a significant difference between baseline and final values of forces expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1), report between forced expiratory volume and forced vital capacity (FEV1/FVC), and peripheral capillary oxygen saturation (SpO2) and also a significant decrease of the BODE (Body mass index, airflow Obstruction, Dyspnoea and Exercise capacity) index score and the number of daily rescue medication use at the end of the study.
 Efficacy of indacaterol, a modern ultralong-acting bronchodilator, in elderly patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is one of the most prevalent chronic diseases among elderly population worldwide. Because of the central role of long‐acting bronchodilators in the treatment of COPD, the interest of researchers for the development of new bronchodilators agents administered in a single dose is increasing in order to simplify the regimen for patients with moderate to severe COPD and to improve patient adherence to treatment. The objective of this study was to evaluate the effectiveness of modern bronchodilators in once‐daily administration on pulmonary function tests, dyspnoea scale, BODE index and the need to use rescue medication in elderly patients with COPD. The study was performed on patients aged over 65 years old previously diagnosed with moderate and severe COPD having a baseline medication with tiotropium, combination of budesonide and formoterol or combination fluticasone and salmeterol. After a baseline evaluation of the parameters mentioned above, the patients were divided into three groups. Patients already receiving tiotropium became the control group ant the others were randomly divided into two groups: one receiving treatment with indacaterol and the other new treatment with tiotropium. All the patients were reassessed after 60 days. We noticed an improvement of all parameters selected in patients who received indacaterol and tiotropium: a significant difference between baseline and final values of forces expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1), report between forced expiratory volume and forced vital capacity (FEV1/FVC), and peripheral capillary oxygen saturation (SpO2) and also a significant decrease of the BODE (Body mass index, airflow Obstruction, Dyspnoea and Exercise capacity) index score and the number of daily rescue medication use at the end of the study.
 Safety of tiotropium/olodaterol in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: pooled analysis of three large, 52-week, randomized clinical trials;  Background: An extensive clinical trial program supports the efficacy and safety of tiotropium/olodaterol in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). We examined the safety of tiotropium/olodaterol compared with tiotropium in a large population of patients, focusing on cardiovascular and respiratory events. Methods: Patients (n = 9942) who received once‐daily tiotropium/olodaterol 5/5 μg or tiotropium 5 μg (via Respimat®) in TONADO 1 & 2 and DYNAGITO were included. The number of patients and exposure‐adjusted rate of events are presented for adverse events (AEs), serious AEs (SAEs), AEs leading to discontinuation, and cardiovascular and respiratory events. Findings: Fewer patients discontinued due to AEs with tiotropium/olodaterol (5.9%) versus tiotropium (7.9%; rate ratio [RR] 0.72; 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.62–0.84). There was no significant difference in the incidence of AEs, SAEs, cardiovascular AEs or central nervous system vascular AEs between treatments. Incidences of major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE) were 2.11 per 100 patient‐years with tiotropium/olodaterol and 2.22 with tiotropium (RR 0.95; 95% CI 0.72–1.25), and incidences of fatal MACE (including death with undetermined cause) were 0.91 and 1.00 per 100 patient‐years with tiotropium/olodaterol and tiotropium, respectively (RR 0.91; 95% CI 0.60–1.37). Respiratory AEs were generally balanced between treatment groups. Conclusions: These results provide robust evidence that the benefits of tiotropium/olodaterol versus tiotropium are not at the expense of an increased risk of safety events. The combination is a suitable option for patients with COPD, even in the presence of cardiovascular risk factors. Clinical trials registration: clinicaltrials. gov (TONADO 1 and 2: NCT01431274, NCT01431287; DYNAGITO: NCT02296138).
 Long-term general and cardiovascular safety of tiotropium/olodaterol in patients with moderate to very severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  BACKGROUND: Long‐term safety, particularly cardiovascular safety, is of special interest in maintenance treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) with long‐acting β2‐agonists and long‐acting muscarinic antagonists, given potential cardiovascular effects. METHODS: Two 52‐week Phase III trials (TONADO®) investigated tiotropium/olodaterol (5/5 and 2.5/5 μg) versus tiotropium 2.5, 5 μg and olodaterol 5 μg. In a pre‐specified safety analysis, investigator‐reported treatment‐emergent adverse events (AEs), electrocardiogram and laboratory data were pooled. All serious AE (SAE) reports were reviewed by an independent Adjudication Committee, which assessed whether deaths, hospitalisations or intubations were respiratory, cardiovascular, cerebrovascular or other disease related. Subgroup analyses investigated cardiovascular safety including major cardiac events in patients with cardiovascular co‐morbidities. RESULTS: This analysis comprised 3100 patients with moderate to very severe COPD, treated for ≤1 year, including 784 patients with cardiovascular co‐morbidities. AEs were balanced across treatments in the total population as well as in patient subgroups with pre‐existing cardiovascular co‐morbidities. The incidence and nature of events were consistent with the disease under study and a 1‐year trial duration. 494/3100 patients contributed to an adjudicated analysis of SAEs: 260 had respiratory‐related, 53 had cardiovascular‐related and 16 had cerebrovascular‐related SAEs. Incidences of these SAEs were comparable between treatments. There was no evidence of any increased risk for the combination compared to the monotherapy groups. CONCLUSIONS: These data provide confidence for clinicians that tiotropium/olodaterol 5/5 μg can be safely administered once‐daily to patients with moderate to very severe COPD long‐term, including those with significant cardiovascular co‐morbidity. TRIAL REGISTRY: ClinicalTrials.gov, Nos.: NCT01431274, NCT01431287.
 Study Design of VESUTO®: efficacy of Tiotropium/Olodaterol on Lung Hyperinflation, Exercise Capacity, and Physical Activity in Japanese Patients with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease;  Introduction: The superiority of tiotropium/olodaterol is demonstrated in improvement of lung function, dyspnea, lung hyperinflation, and quality of life compared with either monotherapy in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Japanese Respiratory Society Guidelines for COPD management include improvement of exercise tolerance and daily physical activity as the treatment goals; however, there is limited evidence in Japanese patients with COPD. Methods: A protocol is developed for the VESUTO® study that investigates the efficacy of tiotropium/olodaterol fixed‐dose combination (FDC) compared with tiotropium alone on inspiratory capacity (IC, volume from functional residual capacity to total lung capacity), exercise capacity, and daily physical activity in Japanese patients with COPD. Results: A total of 180 Japanese patients with COPD, aged ≥40 years will be enrolled into the double‐blind, multicenter, active‐controlled, crossover study (NCT02629965) and will be randomized to receive either tiotropium/olodaterol FDC or tiotropium for 6 weeks each [two puffs via RESPIMAT® (Boehringer Ingelheim, Ingelheim, Germany) inhaler in the morning]. The primary endpoint is IC at rest measured at 60 min post‐dose after 6 weeks treatment. The secondary endpoints include the 6‐min walk distance (6MWD) at 90 min post‐dose and physical activity measured by the activity monitor in the last 2 weeks of the 6‐week treatment periods. Lung function tests will also be assessed after 6 weeks treatment. A mixed‐effects model repeated measures approach will be used for the primary and secondary endpoints. Conclusion: The VESUTO® study is the first randomized interventional study to investigate exercise capacity (6MWD) and physical activity measured by a 3‐axis accelerometer in Japanese patients with COPD. The study could provide additional evidence of long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) + long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA) combination therapy on patients’ physical activities as well as lung function. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT02629965 (registered on December 1, 2015). Funding: The VESUTO study was funded by Nippon Boehringer Ingelheim Co., Ltd., Tokyo, Japan.
 Effect of formoterol, tiotropium, and their combination in patients with acute exacerbation of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a pilot study;  The aim of our study was to evaluate the pharmacodynamic effects of 1‐day treatment with formoterol, tiotropium and their combination in patients with acute exacerbation of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (AECOPD). Twenty‐one (19 males, mean age 72+/‐8 years, mean FEV1 38+/‐14% of predicted values) patients with mild to moderate AECOPD were enrolled. Patients received formoterol (12 microg deliver via Modulite b.i.d.), tiotropium (18 microg dry powder capsules delivered via HandiHaler once daily), and their combination, in randomized sequence. Serial measurements of FEV1, FVC, IC, SpO2 and HR were performed over 24h. Formoterol, tiotropium, and their combination significantly improved the area under curves (AUCs) for FEV1, FVC and IC over 12 and 24h. The mean FEV1, FVC and IC AUC(0‐12h) and AUC(0‐24h) after formoterol and tiotropium combination were significantly higher than formoterol and tiotropium alone, whereas the differences between the two single drugs were not statistically significant. Formoterol, either alone or in combination with tiotropium, elicited a significantly faster onset of action, and combination elicited a greater maximum bronchodilation than both single drugs in terms of FEV1 and FVC. After 24h the bronchodilating effect of the three treatments disappeared, with the exception of the combination on FEV1. The results of this study have documented that, although the time course of the effects of evaluated drugs differs significantly from that in stable COPD, with a shorter bronchodilation both for tiotropium and formoterol, these two long‐acting bronchodilators appear to also be complementary in mild to moderate AECOPD.
 Study Design of VESUTO®: efficacy of Tiotropium/Olodaterol on Lung Hyperinflation, Exercise Capacity, and Physical Activity in Japanese Patients with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease;  INTRODUCTION: The superiority of tiotropium/olodaterol is demonstrated in improvement of lung function, dyspnea, lung hyperinflation, and quality of life compared with either monotherapy in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Japanese Respiratory Society Guidelines for COPD management include improvement of exercise tolerance and daily physical activity as the treatment goals; however, there is limited evidence in Japanese patients with COPD. METHODS: A protocol is developed for the VESUTO® study that investigates the efficacy of tiotropium/olodaterol fixed‐dose combination (FDC) compared with tiotropium alone on inspiratory capacity (IC, volume from functional residual capacity to total lung capacity), exercise capacity, and daily physical activity in Japanese patients with COPD. RESULTS: A total of 180 Japanese patients with COPD, aged ≥40 years will be enrolled into the double‐blind, multicenter, active‐controlled, crossover study (NCT02629965) and will be randomized to receive either tiotropium/olodaterol FDC or tiotropium for 6 weeks each [two puffs via RESPIMAT® (Boehringer Ingelheim, Ingelheim, Germany) inhaler in the morning]. The primary endpoint is IC at rest measured at 60 min post‐dose after 6 weeks treatment. The secondary endpoints include the 6‐min walk distance (6MWD) at 90 min post‐dose and physical activity measured by the activity monitor in the last 2 weeks of the 6‐week treatment periods. Lung function tests will also be assessed after 6 weeks treatment. A mixed‐effects model repeated measures approach will be used for the primary and secondary endpoints. CONCLUSION: The VESUTO® study is the first randomized interventional study to investigate exercise capacity (6MWD) and physical activity measured by a 3‐axis accelerometer in Japanese patients with COPD. The study could provide additional evidence of long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) + long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA) combination therapy on patients' physical activities as well as lung function. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT02629965 (registered on December 1, 2015). FUNDING: The VESUTO study was funded by Nippon Boehringer Ingelheim Co., Ltd., Tokyo, Japan.
 Efficacy of tiotropium/olodaterol on lung hyperinflation, exercise capacity, and physical activity in Japanese patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (vesuto study): a randomized crossover trial;  RATIONALE: LAMA/LABA combination therapies improve lung function, breathlessness and quality of life more significantly than each monotherapy alone. However, there is limited evidence that LAMA/LABA combination therapies show statistically significant improvement in exercise tolerance compared with LAMA monotherapy. METHODS: We conducted a multicenter, randomized, double‐blind, active‐controlled, 2‐way crossover trial to evaluate once‐daily administration of orally inhaled tiotropium/olodaterol fixed‐dose combination 5μg/5μg (T/O 5/5μg) vs tiotropium 5μg (T 5μg) monotherapy (both delivered by the RESPIMAT Inhaler) in Japan. The study included Japanese patients with COPD (GOLD stage II, III, IV) who were ≥40 years of age and current or ex‐smokers with a smoking history of >10 pack‐years. Patients were randomized in a 1:1 ratio to receive T 5μg for 6 weeks followed by T/O 5/5μg for 6 weeks without washout, or vice versa. The primary objective was to assess the effects of treatment on lung hyperinflation after 6 weeks by measuring inspirational capacity (IC) at rest and 60 minutes post‐dose. Secondary endpoints included forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1), forced vital capacity (FVC), slow vital capacity (SVC); and assessments of exercise capacity (6‐minute walk distance [6MWD]) and daily physical activity. Adverse events (AEs) were also evaluated. RESULTS: 184 patients were randomized to receive treatment. Statistically significant improvements were shown for T/O 5/5μg vs T 5μg: adjusted mean IC after 6 weeks of treatment was 1.990 L vs 1.875 L, respectively (P<0.0001). FEV1, FVC and SVC were also significantly improved with T/O 5/5μg vs T 5μg. 6MWD did not show a difference with T/O 5/5μg compared to T 5μg in the overall population. In the GOLD stage III/IV patients, 6MWD was improved by T/O 5/5μg compared to T 5μg (adjusted mean difference 18.1m; 95% CI [2.3, 33.9]), whereas no difference was observed for GOLD II patients (adjusted mean difference ‐5.4m; 95% CI [‐19.0, 8.2]). No significant differences were found between the two groups in terms of mean number of steps per day. The incidences of AEs were similar between the treatment groups. CONCLUSIONS: Combination therapy of T/O 5/5μg significantly improved inspiratory capacity and other lung function measurements compared to T 5μg. No safety concerns were identified with combination therapy; our results demonstrate that treatment with T/O improves IC and may improve exercise tolerance in GOLD III/IV patients with COPD.
 Reduction in All-Cause Mortality with Fluticasone Furoate/Umeclidinium/Vilanterol in Patients with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease;  Rationale: The IMPACT (Informing the Pathway of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease Treatment) trial demonstrated a significant reduction in all‐cause mortality (ACM) risk with fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) versus UMEC/VI in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) at risk of future exacerbations. Five hundred seventy‐four patients were censored in the original analysis owing to incomplete vital status information.Objectives: Report ACM and impact of stepping down therapy, following collection of additional vital status data.Methods: Patients were randomized 2:2:1 to FF/UMEC/VI 100/62.5/25 μg, FF/VI 100/25 μg, or UMEC/VI 62.5/25 μg following a run‐in on their COPD therapies. Time to ACM was prespecified. Additional vital status data collection and subsequent analyses were performed post hoc.Measurements and Main Results: We report vital status data for 99.6% of the intention‐to‐treat population (n = 10,355), documenting 98 (2.36%) deaths on FF/UMEC/VI, 109 (2.64%) on FF/VI, and 66 (3.19%) on UMEC/VI. For FF/UMEC/VI, the hazard ratio for death was 0.72 (95% confidence interval, 0.53‐0.99; P = 0.042) versus UMEC/VI and 0.89 (95% confidence interval, 0.67‐1.16; P = 0.387) versus FF/VI. Independent adjudication confirmed lower rates of cardiovascular and respiratory death and death associated with the patient's COPD.Conclusions: In this secondary analysis of an efficacy outcome from the IMPACT trial, once‐daily single‐inhaler FF/UMEC/VI triple therapy reduced the risk of ACM versus UMEC/VI in patients with symptomatic COPD and a history of exacerbations.
 Efficacy and safety study to assess between two drugs (Inhaler) in patients with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease;  INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Glycopyrronium 50 Î¼g plus Vilanterol 25 Î¼g DPI: Glycopyrronium 50 Î¼g plus Vilanterol 25 Î¼g DPI for Once a day Inhalation Treatment Period:12 Weeks Control Intervention1: AIRZ‐25F: Glycopyrronium 25 Î¼g plus Formoterol 12 Î¼g + DPI for Twice a day Inhalation Treatment Period:12 Weeks CONDITION: Health Condition 1: J449‐ Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, unspecified PRIMARY OUTCOME: â?¢Change from baseline in trough FEV1Timepoint: week 12 SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1.Change from baseline in trough FEV1 ; 2. Change from baseline in 2 h post‐dose FEV1 ; 3.Use of rescue medication averaged over treatment period ; 4.Frequency of exacerbations (COPD exacerbation requiring treatment with antibiotics, systemic corticosteroids (oral or intravenous), and/or a hospitalization) during the treatment periodTimepoint: 1.week 4 and week 8 ; 2.week 12 ; 3.12 weeks ; 4.12 weeks INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Male or female patients, aged â?¥18 to â?¤ 75 years at screening 2. Patients with a diagnosis of COPD (as defined by the GOLD Guidelines, 2021) 3. Post‐bronchodilator FEV1 â?¥30% and <80% of the predicted normal value and post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC (forced vital capacity) ratio < 0.70 4. A modified Medical Research Council dyspnoea scale (mMRC) grade 2 or greater. 5. COPD treatment stable dose of maintenance monotherapy (LAMA, LABA or ICS), or stable dose of double maintenance therapy (LAMA/LABA or ICS/LABA), for one month prior to screening 6. Current or previous cigarette/beedi smokers with a history of cigarette/beedi smoking of at least 10 pack/years. (Previous smokers are defined as those who have stopped smoking for at least 6 months prior to Screening Visit.)
 Long-term Efficacy and Safety of Tozorakimab in Participants with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease with a History of Exacerbations;  INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Tozorakimab: 300 mg every 4 weeks + Maintenance inhaled therapy (ICS/LABA/LAMA) Intervention2: Tozorakimab: 300 mg every 8 weeks + Maintenance inhaled therapy (ICS/LABA/LAMA) Control Intervention1: Placebo: Placebo + Maintenance inhaled therapy (ICS/LABA/LAMA) CONDITION: Health Condition 1: J449‐ Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, unspecified Health Condition 2: J449‐ Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, unspecified PRIMARY OUTCOME: To evaluate the long‐term effect of tozorakimab as an add on to SoC compared with SoC plus placebo on the time to first severe COPD exacerbation in former smokers.Timepoint: 52 weeks INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1 Participants who have completed the treatment period and have not been prematurely discontinued from IP in the predecessor studies. 2 Participants who received their last dose of IP in the predecessor studies within the previous 12 weeks and were not withdrawn from the predecessor study. Reproduction 3 FOCBP must have a negative urine pregnancy test at Visit 1. (a) For a definition of FOCBP, refer to Appendi XE. 4 Participants who are willing to continue using contraceptive methods as agreed to for the predecessor OBERON or TITANIA studies. Contraceptive use by men or women should be consistent with local regulations regarding the methods of contraception for those participating in clinical studies. (a) Male participants: Non‐sterile male participants who are sexually active with a FOCPB partner must agree to use a SECONDARY OUTCOME: To assess the long‐term safety and tolerability of tozorakimab as an add on to SoC compared with SoC plus placebo.Timepoint: week 52 To evaluate the effect of tozorakimab as an add on to SoC compared with SoC plus placebo on overall and COPD‐related healthcare resource utilisation.Timepoint: Week 52 To evaluate the effect of tozorakimab as an add on to SoC compared with SoC plus placebo on time to all‐cause death.Timepoint: Time to all‐cause death. ‐ 52 weeks To evaluate the effect of tozorakimab as an add on to SoC compared with SoC plus placebo on time to respiratory‐related death.Timepoint: Week 52 To evaluate the long‐term effect of tozorakimab as an add on to SoC compared with SoC plus placebo on measures of lung function.Timepoint: Week 52 To evaluate the long‐term effect of tozorakimab as an add on to SoC compared with SoC plus placebo on mucus plugging, airway structure and function, and emphysema ; progression. ; Timepoint: Week 52 To evaluate the long‐term effect of tozorakimab as an add on to SoC compared with SoC plus placebo on the rate of moderate to severe COPD exacerbations.Timepoint: Annualised rate of moderate to severe COPD exacerbations. ‐ 52 weeks To evaluate the long‐term effect of tozorakimab as an add on to SoC compared with SoC plus placebo on the rate of severe COPD exacerbations.Timepoint: Annualised rate of severe COPD exacerbations. ‐ 52 weeks To evaluate the long‐term effect of tozorakimab as an add on to SoC compared with SoC plus placebo on the time to first moderate to severe COPD exacerbation.Timepoint: Time to first moderate‐to‐severe COPD exacerbation. ‐ 52 weeks To evaluate the long‐term effect of tozorakimab as an add on to SoC compared with SoC plus placebo on the time to first severe COPD exacerbation in former and current smokersTimepoint: First severe COPD exacerbation ‐ 52 weeks To evaluate the PK and immunogenicity of tozorakimab.Timepoint: Trough serum concentrations of tozorakimab over the treatment ; period. Incidence of anti‐drug antibodies ‐ 52 weeks
 Population pharmacokinetic analysis of single inhaler triple therapy (ICS/LAMA/LABA) versus dual therapy (LAMA/LABA AND ICS/LABA) in patients with symptomatic COPD: combined results from three phase iii trials;  Rationale: The pharmacokinetics (PK) of fluticasone furoate (FF), umeclidinium (UMEC) and vilanterol (VI) have been characterized thoroughly in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) when administered as monotherapy and the dual‐combinations FF/VI and UMEC/VI but not as the triple‐combination FF/UMEC/VI. Methods: Three phase III, randomised, double‐blind, parallel group, studies evaluated single‐inhaler triple therapy with FF/UMEC/VI (100/62.5/25 μg) versus dual‐combination or 'open‐triple' (FF/VI + UMEC) therapies in patients aged ≥40 years with COPD who were at risk of exacerbation. POP‐PK models for FF, UMEC and VI were developed using NONMEM® software. A likelihood‐based approach accounted for plasma samples with drug concentrations below the limit of quantification. Demographic and baseline characteristic data were evaluated as covariates to determine any effect on FF, UMEC and VI pharmacokinetic parameters. Goodness‐of‐fit plots, visual predictive checks, objective function value, parameter precision were used for model selection. Area under the curve (AUC) and maximum observed concentration (Cmax) for FF/UMEC/VI (via a single ELLIPTA® inhaler) were derived and compared with once‐daily FF/VI and UMEC/VI from IMPACT and historical data for once‐daily FF/VI (RELVAR or BREO ELLIPTA®) and UMEC/VI (ANORO ELLIPTA®). Results: Final FF, UMEC and VI population pharmacokinetic (PK) datasets from combined IMPACT, FULFIL, and study 200812 contained 2948, 2589 and 3331 plasma concentration‐time data from 714, 622 and 817 subjects, respectively, with 21‐41% samples below limit of quantification. FF, UMEC and VI PK were all adequately described by a two‐compartment model with first‐order absorption. For FF, Japanese heritage and FF/VI treatment were significant covariates on apparent inhaled clearance. For both UMEC and VI, weight and age were significant covariates on apparent inhaled clearance. Smoking status was a significant covariate on UMEC inhaled apparent volume and VI inhaled apparent clearance, POP‐PK analyses demonstrated that the effects of these covariates on PK were marginal and no dose adjustment was deemed necessary for FF, UMEC or VI based on these covariates. Steady state AUCss (geometric mean, pg∗h/mL) and Cmax ss (geometric mean, pg/mL) for FF/UMEC/VI were consistent with historical data for FF/VI and UMEC/VI. Conclusions: Population PK analysis for FF/UMEC/VI using combined data from IMPACT, FULFIL and study 200812 were consistent with those for the components when given in dual combination. The models described adequately the PK of FF, UMEC and VI in patients with COPD. No dose adjustments are warranted based on age, weight, smoking status or race.
 A 1-year Multi-center, Prospective, Cohort Study in Patients With Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease Treated With Long-acting Bronchodilator;  This multi‐center study is designed to describe natural history of disease, treatment and health care products in physician‐diagnosed COPD patients who require adding daily maintenance therapy in real world. The study planned to enroll 550 patients in Indacaterol group and 9450 patients in non‐ Indacaterol group, a total of 10,000 patients. Enrollment was stopped at 2253 patients due to low recruitment in indacaterol group. Finally a total of 2229 patients were analyzed in full analysis set. A total of 2253 patients entered into the database, of which 24 patients were exclude during the data review meetings, because they did not met the inclusion/exclusion criteria. Hence a total of 2229 patients enrolled successfully.
 Reduction in emergency department (ED) visits in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (Copd): analysis of the impact trial;  Rationale: ED visits and hospitalizations associated with COPD place a burden on healthcare systems, and account for most COPD‐related healthcare costs in the US. In the IMPACT trial, fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) significantly reduced rates of severe exacerbations (resulting in hospitalization or death) versus UMEC/VI in patients with COPD. The rate of ED visits in patients enrolled in IMPACT has not been published; this analysis investigated the annual rate of ED visits by treatment arm for patients with COPD in the IMPACT trial. Methods: IMPACT was a Phase 3, randomized, double‐blind, 52‐week trial comparing once‐daily FF/UMEC/VI 100/62.5/25μg with FF/VI 100/25μg and UMEC/VI 62.5/25μg. Eligible patients (aged ≥40 years) had symptomatic COPD (COPD Assessment Test score ≥10), a forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) <50% predicted and ≥1 moderate or severe exacerbation in the prior year, or a FEV1 50‐<80% predicted and ≥2 moderate or ≥1 severe exacerbation in the prior year. Unscheduled healthcare resource utilization, including ED visits, was recorded in patients' electronic case report form. This post hoc analysis quantified annual rates of ED visits for any reason by treatment arm, using a generalized linear model assuming a negative binomial distribution. Results: The intent‐to‐treat population comprised 10,355 patients of which data on ED visits were available for 10,351 patients (FF/UMEC/VI, n=4148; FF/VI, n=4134; UMEC/VI, n=2069). Overall, 11.5% (n=477/4148) of patients on FF/UMEC/VI, 10.4% (n=432/4134) on FF/VI, and 12.2% (n=252/2069) on UMEC/VI had 1 ED visit, and 4.4% (n=182/4148), 4.8% (n=199/4134), and 4.2% (n=86/2069), respectively, had ≥2 ED visits. The model estimated annual event rates (95% confidence interval [CI]) were 0.27 (0.24, 0.29), 0.29 (0.26, 0.32), and 0.33 (0.28, 0.37) for FF/UMEC/VI, FF/VI, and UMEC/VI, respectively (Figure). The rate of ED visits for patients on FF/UMEC/VI was significantly lower versus UMEC/VI (18% reduction; rate ratio: 0.82; 95% CI: 0.70, 0.97; p=0.017) but there was no statistically significant difference versus FF/VI (7% reduction; rate ratio: 0.93; 95% CI: 0.81, 1.06; p=0.256). Conclusions: The rate of ED visits was significantly lower for patients on FF/UMEC/VI compared with UMEC/VI and similar to the FF/VI arm. In addition to the reduction in severe exacerbation rates with FF/UMEC/VI versus UMEC/VI seen in the IMPACT trial, this reduction in ED visits for any reason highlights the benefits of single‐inhaler FF/UMEC/VI triple therapy over UMEC/VI dual therapy in patients with symptomatic COPD and a history of exacerbations. Funding: GSK (CTT116855/NCT02164513).
 All-cause mortality by subgroup in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: post hoc analysis of the impact trial;  Rationale: The IMPACT trial demonstrated a significant reduction in on‐/off‐treatment all‐cause mortality (ACM) risk with fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) versus UMEC/VI in patients with symptomatic chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and a history of exacerbations. To identify whether this mortality benefit finding was associated with specific patient characteristics, the time to on‐/off‐treatment ACM by patient subgroups was investigated. Methods: IMPACT was a Phase III, randomized, double‐blind, 52‐week trial comparing once‐daily FF/UMEC/VI 100/62.5/25 mcg with FF/VI 100/25 mcg and UMEC/VI 62.5/25 mcg. Eligible patients (aged ≥40 years) had symptomatic COPD (COPD Assessment Test score ≥10), and a forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) <50% predicted and ≥1 moderate or severe exacerbation in the prior year, or a FEV1 50‐<80% predicted and ≥2 moderate or ≥1 severe exacerbations in the prior year. This post hoc analysis analyzed time to on‐/off‐treatment ACM, including additional vital status data, for FF/UMEC/VI versus UMEC/VI using a Cox proportional hazards model with covariates of treatment group, age (at screening), and sex. On‐/offtreatment deaths were defined as those occurring between study treatment start date and the latest of study treatment stop date or projected Week 52 date (based on treatment start date) +7 days, inclusive. Subgroups included pneumonia history, cardiovascular risk, smoking status, age, sex, body mass index, race, geographical region, and exacerbation history in the prior year. Results: The intent‐to‐treat (ITT) population comprised 10,355 patients (FF/UMEC/VI, n=4151; FF/VI n=4134; UMEC/VI, n=2070); vital status at Week 52 was obtained for 99.6% of the ITT population. There were 98 (2.36%) and 66 (3.19%) on‐/off‐treatment deaths reported in the FF/UMEC/VI and UMEC/VI arms, respectively. FF/UMEC/VI demonstrated a significant reduced risk of on‐/offtreatment ACM compared with UMEC/VI in some subgroups, including patients with ≥2 cardiovascular risk factors (39.4% reduction; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 7.1, 60.5; P=0.022), a past history of pneumonia (49.1% reduction; 95% CI: 10.4, 71.1; P=0.019), or with <2 moderate/severe exacerbations (42.1% reduction; 95% CI: 7.3, 63.8; P=0.023) (Figure 1). Conclusions: This post hoc analysis examined multiple patient subgroups representing predefined demographics and baseline disease characteristics. The mortality reduction was generally consistent across subgroups with none disproportionately contributing to the overall on‐/off‐treatment ACM benefits for FF/UMEC/VI versus UMEC/VI seen in the IMPACT trial. However, the small number of events in some patient subgroups limits the interpretation of these findings. Funding: GSK (CTT116855/NCT02164513).
 Pilot Study Comparing Tiotropium (Spiriva) to Salmeterol (Serevent) Plus Fluticasone (Flixotide) in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD);  This is a six‐week, multi‐centre, randomised, double‐blind, triple‐dummy, parallel group pilot study to compare the bronchodilator efficacy and safety of the long‐acting bronchodilator tiotropium (Spiriva, 18 µg q.d.) to the free combination of fluticasone (Flixotide, 250 µg b.i.d.) and salmeterol (Serevent, 50 µg b.i.d.) in patients with COPD. Following an initial screening at Visit 1, subjects will enter a two‐week run‐in period during which they will record daily rescue salbutamol use in the Patient Daily Diary Card. At Visit 1, pre‐dose and post‐bronchodilator pulmonary function tests (PFT) will be measured. Four inhalations of ipratropium (20 µg per puff) and four inhalations of salbutamol (100 µg per puff) will be administered 60 minutes prior to obtaining post‐bronchodilator PFT measurement. At Visit 2, a pre‐dose PFT will be performed prior to first administration of trial medication. Treatment with blinded study medication (tiotropium or fluticasone + salmeterol) will start in the morning of Visit 2 (Day 1). After three weeks of treatment, at Visit 3 (Day 22), pre‐dose FEV1 and FVC will be measured, patient compliance checked and a re‐supply of study medication dispensed. After six weeks of treatment, at Visit 4 (Day 43), a 12 hour profile of PFTs will be obtained. Study Hypothesis: As this is a pilot trial to investigate the efficacy and safety of tiotropium (18 µg q.d.) as compared to the free combination of fluticasone (250 µg b.i.d.) and salmeterol (50 µg b.i.d.), no formal hypothesis testing will be performed. However, the underlying hypothesis for this trial is that tiotropium is superior to the free combination with respect to the primary efficacy endpoint FEV1AUC0‐12 (area under the curve for the time period 0 to 12 hours). Comparison(s): At least 100 male or female outpatients with clinical and spirometric evidence of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) will be entered in this study. Patients will be randomly assigned to receive either tiotropium inhalation capsules 18 µg q.d., or salmeterol 50 µg oral inhalation b.i.d. in free combination with fluticasone 250 µg oral inhalation b.i.d. in a double‐blind triple‐dummy fashion.
 Efficacy and safety of umeclidinium added to fluticasone furoate/vilanterol in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: results of two randomized studies;  OBJECTIVE: The aim of these studies (NCT01957163; NCT02119286) was to evaluate the efficacy and safety of umeclidinium (UMEC 62.5 μg and 125 μg) added to fluticasone furoate/vilanterol (FF/VI, 100/25 μg) in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). METHODS: These were 12‐week, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, parallel‐group, multicenter studies. Eligible patients were randomized 1:1:1 to treatment with once‐daily blinded UMEC 62.5 μg (delivering 55 μg), UMEC 125 μg (delivering 113 μg) or placebo (PBO) added to open‐label FF/VI (delivering 92/22 μg; N = 1238 [intent‐to‐treat population]). The primary endpoint was trough forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) on Day 85; the secondary endpoint was 0‐6 h post‐dose weighted mean (WM) FEV1 at Day 84. Health‐related quality of life was reported using St George's respiratory questionnaire (SGRQ). Adverse events (AEs) were also assessed. RESULTS: In both studies, trough FEV1 was significantly improved with UMEC + FF/VI (62.5 μg and 125 μg) versus PBO + FF/VI (range: 0.111‐0.128 L, all p < 0.001 [Day 85]), as was 0‐6 h post‐dose WM FEV1 (range: 0.135‐0.153 L, all p < 0.001 [Day 84]). SGRQ results were inconsistent, with statistically significant improvements with UMEC + FF/VI versus PBO + FF/VI in one study only and with UMEC 62.5 μg only (difference in SGRQ total score from baseline between treatments: ‐2.16, p < 0.05). Across all treatment groups, the overall incidences of AEs were similar (30‐39%), as were cardiovascular AEs of special interest (<1‐3%) and pneumonia AEs (0‐1%). CONCLUSION: Overall, the addition of UMEC to FF/VI therapy resulted in significant improvements in lung function compared with PBO + FF/VI in patients with COPD, with similar safety profiles, though SGRQ results were inconsistent. CLINICAL RELEVANCE: The results from these two studies demonstrate that the addition of umeclidinium (62.5 μg and 125 μg) to FF/VI (100/25 μg) provides statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvements in lung function compared with placebo + FF/VI in patients with COPD. Statistically significant improvements in quality of life with UMEC + FF/VI versus placebo + FF/VI were reported in one study only. Safety profiles were consistent across all treatment groups in both studies. These studies support the use of triple therapy in COPD, providing physicians with an alternative treatment option.
 Assessments of the effect of Salmeterol and Fluticasone Propionate (SFC250) on the patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease by Impulse Oscillometry;  INTERVENTION: Salmeterol and fluticasone propionate (25/250), 1 puff twice daily. Control(continue treatment without SFC) CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease PRIMARY OUTCOME: To assess the additive effects of SFC250 on pulmonary functions (IOS, etc) of COPD patients treated by tiotropium on 4, 8,12weeks SECONDARY OUTCOME: a) Improvement of clinical symptoms (dyspnea, cough, sputum) and QOL; b) Reduction of the exacerbations (follow up to 52weeks); c) Adverse events INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Patient is able to read and understand the Informed Consent Form and he/she will sign the Informed Consent. 2. COPD patient, in the age range of 40‐80 years, meets all of the following inclusion criteria. FEV1 < 80% of predicted value Current or former smokers with at least 10 pack years smoking history Patient is able to use Diskus. Patient is already treated with tiotropium Patient has COPD symptoms in spite of tiotropium treatment
 Comparative study on effectiveness of inhaler treatment for elderly patients with asthma-Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) overlap syndrome (ACOS);  INTERVENTION: Drug : A arm : ICS+LABA B arm : ICS+LABA+LAMA 1 year observation, if acute exacerbation occur, patient drop out CONDITION: Diseases of th respiratory system PRIMARY OUTCOME: Time to first exacerbation SECONDARY OUTCOME: Exhaled Breathing condensate (EBC) K‐AQLQ (Asthma Quality of Life Questionnaire) adverse reaction blood test the change of Asthma Control Test (ACT) score the change of inflammatory cells in sputum the change of pulmonary function test the frequency of using rescue medication INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1)ACOS definition ‐ any of following 3 criteria (1) positive response bronchodilator: > 200mL forced expiratory volume in 1s (FEV1) and > 12% baseline (2) positive methacholine or mannitol provocation test (3) increase in FEV1 by > 12% and 200 mL from baseline after 4weeks of treatment and satisfied pre‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC ratio < 0.7 at the initial time and continuing after at least 3 months follow‐up 2) controlled patients with ICS+LABA treatment 3) patients over 19 years of age 4) 30 = FEV1 (%) < 80 5) acute exacerbation history past 1‐year 6) patients agreed to participate in clinical trials
 Effects of adding salmeterol/fluticasone propionate to tiotropium on airway dimensions in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Although salmeterol/fluticasone propionate combination (SFC) therapy has been widely used for the treatment of COPD, the relationship between airway dimensions and improvement in pulmonary function remains unknown. The aim of this study was to compare the effects of SFC in combination with tiotropium (Tio) and Tio alone, on airway dimensions and pulmonary function in COPD patients. METHODS: Thirty COPD patients were randomized to receive inhaled Tio (18 µg once daily) or inhaled SFC (50/250 µg twice daily) plus Tio for 12 weeks. Spirometry and CT were performed, and the St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) was completed, before and after the trial. Airway dimensions were assessed by a validated CT technique, and airway wall area (WA) corrected for body surface area (BSA), percentage wall area (WA%), absolute wall thickness T/√BSA, and luminal area Ai/BSA at the right apical segmental bronchus, were measured. RESULTS: Treatment with SFC plus Tio significantly decreased WA/BSA (P < 0.05), WA% (P < 0.01) and T/√BSA (P < 0.01), and increased Ai/BSA (P < 0.01), whereas treatment with Tio alone had no effect. The changes in WA/BSA and Ai/BSA were significantly correlated with increases in FEV1 (r = 0.48, P < 0.05, and r = 0.36, P < 0.05, respectively). There were significant improvements in SGRQ scores after treatment with SFC plus Tio. CONCLUSIONS: Airway wall thickening and airway narrowing decreased after treatment with SFC plus Tio, and the changes in airway dimensions were proportional to the improvements in FEV1 . These results suggest that SFC plus Tio is more effective than Tio alone in the management of COPD patients.
 Clinical Study to Assess the Mode of Action of QBW251 in Patients With Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD);  INTERVENTION: Product Code: QBW251 Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule, hard INN or Proposed INN: Not yet defined Current Sponsor code: QBW251 Other descriptive name: CFTR potentiator Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 450‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Capsule, hard Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use Product Code: QBW251 Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule, hard INN or Proposed INN: Not yet defined Current Sponsor code: QBW251 Other descriptive name: CFTR potentiator Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 300‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Capsule, hard Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use CONDITION: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ; MedDRA version: 21.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10029972 Term: Obstructive airways disease (chronic) System Organ Class: 100000004855 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To assess the effect of QBW251 compared to placebo after 12 weeks of treatment on fibrinogen plasma concentration. Primary end point(s): Change from baseline in fibrinogen plasma concentration. Secondary Objective: â€¢To assess the effect of QBW251 compared to placebo after 12 weeks of treatment on: ; a)sputum bacterial load; b)airway structure and function; c)COPD patients symptom burden changes; d)health status; e)changes in health‐related quality of life; f)COPD exacerbations; g)clinical symptoms, cough and sputum; h)pharmacokinetics; i)spirometry; â€¢To assess the safety and tolerability of QBW251 in patients with COPD Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 12 weeks of treatment SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): â€¢Change from baseline in total bacteria load of colony forming units (CFU/mL) of potentially pathogenic microorganisms in sputum. ; â€¢Change from baseline in airway wall and lumen parameters along with extent of global and regional air trapping, as measured by HRCT. ; â€¢Change from baseline in COPD Assessment Test (CAT) questionnaire. ; â€¢Changes from baseline in the Euro Quality of Life‐5 Dimensions‐3 Level (EQ‐5D‐3L) questionnaire. ; â€¢Change from baseline in St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) total and domain scores. ; â€¢Time to first COPD exacerbation, Proportion of patients with exacerbations and Annualized rate of exacerbations as defined by EXACT‐PRO questionnaire. ; â€¢Change from baseline in Cough and Sputum Assessment Questionnaire (CASA‐Q) domain scores. ; â€¢Assessment of safety and tolerability (ECG intervals, vital signs, standard clinical laboratory Evaluations, adverse Events) ; â€¢Assessment of drug exposure (Ctrough collected at pre‐dose and Cmax at post‐dose +3hr) on Day 1, Day 28, Day 56 and Day 84. Cmax and AUC post‐dose (+1hr, +2hr, +3hr, +4hr, +6hr, +8hr) on Day 1 and Day 28 in subset of patient population ; â€¢Change from baseline in trough FEV1, FVC, and FEV1/FVC. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 12 weeks of treatment INCLUSION CRITERIA: â€¢Patients who have signed an Informed Consent Form prior to initiation of any study‐related procedure. â€¢Male and female adults aged =40 years at screening. â€¢Patients with stable COPD, stages GOLD 2‐4, according to the current GOLD strategy (GOLD 2019) at screening. â€¢Patients with a post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC < 0.70 at screening â€¢Patients with sputum bacterial load (log10=105 CFU/mL) with at least one strain of potentially pathogenic microorganism at screening (H influenzae, H parainfluenzae, P aeruginosa, S pneumoniae, S aureus, Moraxella catarrhalis, Enterobacteriaceae). â€¢Patients who have been treated with a combination of LABA/LAMA or LABA/ICS or LABA/L â€¢Patients with airflow limitation indicated by a post‐bronchodilator FEV1 = 30% and FEV1 < 80% of the predicted normal at Screening who must have had at least 2 documented moderate or at least 1 documented severe exacerbation(s) in the 12 months prior to study entry.
 Enhancing physical activity in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) through a program of patient selected goals;  Rationale: Physical inactivity in patients with COPD has been associated with poor quality of life, exacerbations, hospitalizations and mortality. The objective of this study was to evaluate whether patient‐determined goals (such as going for walks with a grandchild) designed to increase activity and goal reinforcement would increase patient activity as measured by steps/day in COPD patients. Methods: This was a 12‐week single‐center, randomized study in patients with moderate to severe COPD treated with maintenance COPD medication(s). Patients were randomized to either a “wellness group” that helped patients select personal goals to increase steps/day aided with goal reinforcement via telephone by a health coach, or the “control group” without goals or reinforcement but with a telephone contact to report pedometer results. The primary outcome was percent change from baseline in mean steps/day at week 12, measured by pedometer in both groups. Results: A total of 115 patients were randomized: (mean age=65.5 yrs; female=58%; mean pre‐bronchodilator FEV1=50.6%; OCS/antibiotic‐requiring exacerbation in prior year=38%; LAMA use=69%, ICS/LABA use=81% and home oxygen use=37%). The mean smoking pack year was 46.6 and 19% were current smokers. At baseline the median (min, max) steps per day for the “wellness group” was lower than 2952.9 (475, 9361) than the “control group” 3331.3 (405, 18,004)). Other demographics including baseline age, gender, lung function, SGRQ and CAT were comparable. At week 12, the wellness group showed a significantly greater percent improvement (mean + SE) from baseline in steps/day compared with the control group; 36.0% + 7.74 compared with 6.0% + 8.70, respectively; least squares mean difference=30.0%, 95% CI (9.9, 50.1), p=0.004. Improvements in steps/day for the “wellness group” were incremental and consistent over the 12 weeks. Conclusion: This study demonstrates that in physically inactive COPD patients, a simple, low resource strategy that focused on increasing daily activity with goal setting and goal reinforcement resulted in a 36% increase in steps per day compared to only a 6% increase in the control group. A patient‐centric approach to develop and reinforce activity goals should be considered as a routine part of clinical care in patients with COPD.
 Clinical study of Wenshen Yiqi Granules in improving airway hypersecretion in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  INTERVENTION: experimental group C:Wenshen Yiqi Granules+ Tiotropium Bromide Powder Inhalation;control group C:Tiotropium Bromide Powder Inhalation;experimental group D:Wenshen Yiqi Granules+ Tiotropium Bromide Powder Inhalation+Budesonide formoterol inhalation powder;control group D:Tiotropium Bromide Powder Inhalation+Budesonide formoterol inhalation powder; CONDITION: COPD PRIMARY OUTCOME: TNF‐a;IL‐8;MUC5AC; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. It meets the diagnostic criteria of the Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease Global Initiative 2013 Edition, and the forced expiratory volume in the first second after inhalation of bronchodilator accounts for the percentage of the predicted value (FEV1 accounts for the predicted value%) between 30% and 79%; 2. Comply with the diagnostic criteria of lung and kidney qi deficiency in the Diagnosis and Curative Effect Criteria for TCM Diseases; 3. In a stable period, no respiratory infection and acute attack of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in the past 4 weeks; 4. Have at least 2 history of acute exacerbations or one hospitalization for acute exacerbations in the past year; 5. No other treatments were used before treatment, and no other drug clinical research was taken within one month; 6. Accept the experimental research voluntarily and sign an informed consent form. The informed consent process complies with ethical requirements.
 Study of Aclidinium Bromide/Formoterol Fumarate Compared With Salmeterol/Fluticasone Propionate in Patients With Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD);  The purpose of the study is to compare the efficacy, safety and tolerability of aclidinium bromide/formoterol fumarate and salmeterol/fluticasone propionate in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)
 Cost-effectiveness of single-inhaler triple therapy for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease treatment by baseline blood eosinophil count: IMPACT trial;  Background: Cost‐effectiveness of fluticasone furoate (FF), umeclidinium (UMEC) and vilanterol (VI) single‐inhaler triple therapy has been previously demonstrated versus FF/VI and UMEC/VI in symptomatic COPD patients with a history of exacerbations, using data from the IMPACT trial [NCT02164513; Ismaila (2019) Int J COPD;14]. Objective: To assess incremental cost‐effectiveness of FF/UMEC/VI versus FF/VI and UMEC/VI by baseline blood eosinophil count (< or ≥ 100, 150 and 300 per μL) from a Québec, Canada societal perspective. Methods: Clinical inputs from IMPACT, for each subgroup defined by baseline eosinophil count, were used in a validated linked risk equation model [Briggs (2017) Med Decis Making;37]. Québec costs (Canadian dollars [C$], 2017) were used. The analysis was probabilistic, with a life‐time horizon and costs and outcomes discounted at 1.5%. Results: When compared with UMEC/VI, FF/UMEC/VI showed greater benefit, lower costs and lower incremental cost‐effectiveness ratios in the high versus low eosinophil subgroups (Table 1). FF/UMEC/VI was cost‐effective at a willingness‐to‐pay threshold of C$50,000 versus both comparators in all six subgroups, with one exception. Conclusions: FF/UMEC/VI is expected to be a cost‐effective treatment option for COPD patients in Québec, irrespective of baseline blood eosinophil count.
 Long-term treatment with budesonide/formoterol attenuates circulating CRP levels in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease patients of group D;  BACKGROUND: The systemic inflammation is associated with clinical outcome and mortality in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) patients. To investigate the effects of tiotropium (Tio) and/or budesonide/formoterol (Bud/Form) on systemic inflammation biomarkers in stable COPD patients of group D, a randomized, open‐label clinical trial was conducted. METHODS: Eligible participants (n = 324) were randomized and received either Tio 18ug once daily (group I), Bud/Form 160/4.5ug twice daily (group II), Bud/Form 320/9ug twice daily (group III), or Tio 18ug once daily with Bud/Form 160/4.5ug twice daily (group IV) for 6 months. Systemic inflammation biomarkers were measured before randomization and during the treatment, including C‐reactive protein (CRP), interleukin‐6 (IL‐6), interleukin‐8 (IL‐8), serum amyloid A (SAA), tumor necrosis factor‐α (TNF‐α), fibrinogen (Fib), and white blood cell (WBC). RESULTS: After 6‐month treatment, CRP levels in group II, group III and group IV changed by a median (interquartile range) of ‐1.25 (‐3.29, 1.18) mg/L, ‐1.13 (‐2.55, 0.77) mg/L, and ‐1.56 (‐4.64, 0.22) mg/L respectively, all of which with statistical differences compared with group I. In addition, there were no treatment differences in terms of IL‐8, SAA, TNF‐α, Fib and WBC levels. CONCLUSIONS: A long‐term treatment with Bud/Form alone or together with Tio can attenuate circulating CRP levels in COPD patients of group D, compared with Tio alone.
 Effect of Triple Therapy with Budesonide-Formoterol-Tiotropium Versus Placebo-Tiotropium on Sleep Quality in Patients with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease;  Background: Factors responsible for poor sleep quality in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) includes the effects of medications. The study evaluates the effect of the inhaled triple therapy with budesonide‐formoterol‐tiotropium versus placebo‐tiotropium on sleep quality in COPD patients. Methods: Twenty‐three patients (11 (48%) males; age 55 (51‐60, 48‐75) yrs; body mass index [BMI] 25 (22‐30, 18‐40) kg/m2; FEV1 1.10 (0.80‐1.90, 0.60‐2.80) L, 42 (31‐62, 24‐75) % predicted were studied. Ten patients were randomized to budesonide‐formoterol‐tiotropium and 13 patients to placebo‐tiotropium. At baseline and after 28 days patients completed spirometry, polysomnography, an Epworth sleepiness scale (ESS), Pittsburgh sleep quality index (PSQI), COPD‐specific St. George’s Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ‐C) and short form 36 (SF 36). Results: After 28 days there was a significant 29% increase in the bedtime FEV1 in the budesonide‐formoterol‐tiotropium group (from 0.75 (0.55‐1.30, 0.50‐2.40) L to 1.00 (0.75‐1.55, 0.50‐3.00) L p=0.031), with no change in the placebo‐tiotropium group (from 1.20 (0.80‐1.50, 0.60‐1.90) L to 1.15 (0.75‐1.55, 0.50‐1.80) L, p=0.91). No change was found post treatment in sleep efficiency or total sleep time in both the budesonide‐formoterol‐tiotropium group (from 78 (72‐92, 62‐98)% to 88 (77‐92, 40‐98)%, p=0.70 and 290 (268‐358, 252‐382) min to 342 (303‐358, 157‐372) min, p=0.77, respectively) and the placebo‐tiotropium group (from 82 (75‐88, 46‐93)% to 84 (77‐87, 62‐94)%, p=0.96 and 320 (292‐350, 180‐378) min to 339 (303‐349, 241‐366) min, p=0.79, respectively). While there was no change in the arousal index in the budesonide‐formoterol‐tiotropium group (9 (5‐16, 0‐48) arousals/hr to 14 (9‐17, 2‐36) arousals/hr, p=0.43), a significant increase was seen in the placebo‐tiotropium group (11 (4‐13, 3‐32) arousals/hr to 17 (11‐21, 2‐33) arousals/hr, p=0.027). Similarly, there was no change in the ESS in the budesonide‐formoterol‐tiotropium group (6 (3‐8, 0‐11) to 6 (5‐8, 0‐11), p=0.44), but a marginally significant increase in the placebo‐tiotropium group (8 (5‐12, 2‐18) to 10 (7‐13, 5‐18), p=0.07), with a significant difference in the ESS 28 days post treatment between the 2 groups (6 (5‐8, 0‐11) vs. 10 (7‐13, 5‐18), p=0.043). There was no significant change in nocturnal oxygenation, sleep architecture, PSQI, SGRQ‐C, or SF 36 in both groups. Conclusion: In patients with COPD inhaled triple therapy with budesonide‐formoterol‐tiotropium as compared to placebo‐tiotropium improves pulmonary function while preserving sleep quality and architecture.
 Effect of ensifentrine on dyspnea in patients with moderate-to-severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: pooled analysis of the ENHANCE trials;  Background: Dyspnea is a critical component of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). We report the effect of ensifentrine, a novel PDE3/PDE4 inhibitor, on dyspnea using pooled data from the Phase 3 ENHANCE‐1/2 trials. Methods: The pooled population (ensifentrine, n = 975; placebo, n = 574) included patients aged 40–80 years with post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC <0.7, FEV1 30–70% predicted, mMRC Dyspnea Scale score ≥2, and a smoking history ≥10 pack‐years. Patients taking dual LAMA/LABA or LAMA/LABA/ICS triple therapy were excluded. Dyspnea measures included the Transition Dyspnea Index (TDI), Evaluating Respiratory Symptoms (E‐RS), and rescue medication use. Results: After 24 weeks, ensifentrine significantly improved TDI scores (least‐squares mean difference, 0.97; 95% CI, 0.64, 1.30; p < 0.001) and across all TDI subdomains. Ensifentrine‐treated patients were more likely to be TDI responders at week 24 (p < 0.001), which was consistent across clinically relevant subgroups. Ensifentrine‐treated patients had improved E‐RS breathlessness subdomain scores (p = 0.053) and reduced rescue medication use (p = 0.002). Conclusion: Ensifentrine produced clinically meaningful improvements in multiple dyspnea measures in patients with symptomatic, moderate‐to‐severe COPD. A limitation of this study was the exclusion of patients taking dual LAMA/LABA and LAMA/LABA/ICS triple therapy. Clinical trial registration: www.clinicaltrials.gov identifiers are ENHANCE‐1: NCT04535986; ENHANCE‐2: NCT04542057.
 Efficacy and safety of once-daily single-Inhaler TRiple(Trelegy Ellipta) therApy for Japanese with mild to moderate COPD in Kyushu;  INTERVENTION: Trelegy100 (Fluticasone Furoate/Umeclidinium Bromide/Vilanterol Trifenatate 100mcg/62.5mcg/25mcg) once a day via ellipta dry powder inhaler. Anoro (Umeclidinium Bromide/Vilanterol Trifenatate 62.5mcg/25mcg) once a day via ellipta dry powder inhaler. CONDITION: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) PRIMARY OUTCOME: Changes in the trough FEV1 on treatment 12‐weeks from baseline SECONDARY OUTCOME: Responder rate based on the CAT Score (decreasing of minimum clinically important deterioration [MCID] >=2 points as a responder) and on the SGRQ Total Score (decreasing of MICD >=4 points as a responder) at treatment 24‐weeks from baseline. INCLUSION CRITERIA:
 Characterization of 24-hour Lung Function Profiles of Inhaled Tiotropium + Olodaterol Fixed Dose Combination in Patients suffering from Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: Tiotropium 1.25µg/Olodaterol 2.5µg Product Code: Ba 679/BI 1744 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation solution INN or Proposed INN: tiotropium Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 1.25‐ INN or Proposed INN: olodaterol Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 2.5‐ Product Name: Tiotropium 2.5µg/Olodaterol 2.5µg Product Code: Ba 679/BI 1744 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation solution INN or Proposed INN: tiotropium Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 2.5‐ INN or Proposed INN: olodaterol Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 2.5‐ Trade Name: Spiriva Respimat 2.5 µg Product Name: Spiriva Respimat 2.5 µg Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation solution INN or Proposed INN: tiotropium Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 2.5‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation solution Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Product Name: Tiotropium 1.25µg Product Code: Ba 679 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation solution INN or Proposed INN: tiotropium Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 1.25‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation solution Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Product Name: Olodaterol 2.5µg Product Code: BI 1744 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation solution INN or Proposed INN: olodaterol Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 2.5‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation solution Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use CONDITION: Patients with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) ; MedDRA version: 14.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10010952 Term: COPD System Organ Class: 10038738 ‐ Respiratory, thoracic and mediastinal disorders Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): Key secondary endpoints: ; FEV1 AUC0‐12h response [L] ; FEV1 AUC12‐24h response [L] ; ; Secondary endpoints ; Trough FEV1 response [L] ; Peak FEV1 responses [L] ; Trough FVC response [L] ; Peak FVC response [L] ; FVC AUC0‐24h response [L] ; FVC AUC0‐12h response [L] ; FVC AUC12‐24h response [L] ; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: after 6‐weeks treatment INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. All patients must sign an informed consent consistent with ICH‐GCP guidelines prior to participation in the trial, which includes medication washout and restrictions. 2. All patients must have a diagnosis of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and must meet the following spirometric criteria: Patients must have relatively stable airway obstruction with a post‐bronchodilator FEV1< 80% of predicted normal and a post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC <70% at Visit 1. 3. Male or female patients, 40 years of age or older. 4. Patients must be current or ex‐smokers with a smoking history of more than 10 pack years 5. Patients must be able to • perform technically acceptable pulmonary function tests (spirometry), • maintain records (patient paper diary) during the study period, as required in the protocol. • applicable for body plethysmography substudy only: perform technically acceptable body plethysmography measurements. 6. Patients PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: The primary objective of the trial is to determine the 24‐hour FEV1‐time profile of tiotropium + olodaterol FDC (2.5/5 µg, 5/5 µg), administered once daily by the RESPIMAT Inhaler, after 6 weeks of treatment. Primary end point(s): FEV1 AUC0‐24h response [L] Secondary Objective: ‐ to compare the 24‐hour FEV1‐time profile of tiotropium + olodaterol FDC (2.5/5 µg, 5/5 µg) administered once daily by the RESPIMAT Inhaler with the profile of tiotropium (2.5 µg, 5 µg) and olodaterol (5 µg), administered once daily by the RESPIMAT Inhaler, after 6 weeks of treatment; ; ‐ to determine the 24‐hour profile of other lung function parameters (FVC, FRC, IC, TLC, RV) for tiotropium + olodaterol FDC (2.5/5 µg and 5/5 µg), administered once daily by the RESPIMAT Inhaler, after 6 weeks of treatment and compare with the profiles of tiotropium (2.5 µg, 5 µg) and olodaterol (5 µg), administered once daily by the RESPIMAT Inhaler, after 6 weeks of treatment; ; ‐ to assess the pharmacokinetic profiles of tiotropium and olodaterol after administration of tiotropium + olodaterol (2.5/5 µg) FDC and tiotropium + olodaterol (5/5 µg) FDC in COPD patients; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: after 6‐weeks treatment
 Study To compare Umeclidinium/Vilanterol combination with Tiotropium in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) Patients Who Continue To have Symptoms on Tiotropium;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: Umeclidinium/Vilanterol Product Code: GSK573719/GW642444 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed INN or Proposed INN: Umeclidinium CAS Number: 869113‐09‐70 Current Sponsor code: GSK573719 Other descriptive name: GSK573719 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 62.5‐ INN or Proposed INN: trifenatate CAS Number: 503070‐58‐4 Current Sponsor code: GW642444 Other descriptive name: trifenatate Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 25‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Trade Name: Spiriva Product Name: Tiotropium Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, hard capsule INN or Proposed INN: Tiotropium CAS Number: 139404‐48‐1 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 18‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, hard capsule Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) which may also be called emphysema or chronic bronchitis ; MedDRA version: 16.0 Level: LLT Classification code 10010952 Term: COPD System Organ Class: 100000004855 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: The primary objective is to compare the efficacy of UMEC/VI Inhalation Powder (62.5/25 mcg) once‐daily with tiotropium (18 mcg) once‐daily over 12 weeks for the treatment of subjects with COPD who have received tiotropium and continue to have symptoms while on tiotropium. Primary end point(s): The primary efficacy endpoint is trough FEV1 on Day 85. Trough FEV1 on Day 85 is defined as the mean of the FEV1 values obtained at 23 and 24 hours after dosing on Day 84 (i.e. at Week 12) Secondary Objective: Secondary objectives are to compare effects of UMEC/VI Inhalation Powder (62.5/25 mcg once‐daily) with tiotropium (18 mcg once‐daily) on Health Related Outcomes and symptoms over 12 weeks in subjects with COPD.; ; Safety and tolerability of UMEC/VI will also be assessed. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: The primary efficacy endpoint is trough FEV1 on Day 85. Trough FEV1 on Day 85 is defined as the mean of the FEV1 values obtained at 23 and 24 hours after dosing on Day 84 (i.e. at Week 12) SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): • FEV1 at 3 hrs post‐dose on Day 84 ; Other endpoints will include: ; • Trough FEV1 at other time points ; • Trough FVC at Day 85 and other time points ; • Measure of lung volume (IC, FRC and RV) at 3 hrs post‐dose ; • FEV1 at 15 mins and 3 hours post‐dose at other time points ; • FVC at 15 mins and 3 hours post‐dose ; • Measure of trough lung volume (IC, FRC and RV) ; • Mean TDI focal score at Day 28, Day 56 and Day 84 ; • Rescue albuterol/salbutamol use (percentage of rescue‐free ; days and puffs/day) ; ; Safety ; • Incidence of adverse events ; • Vital signs (pulse rate and systolic and diastolic pressure) ; • COPD exacerbations ; ; Health‐Related Quality of Life/Health Outcomes ; • EQ‐5D ; • Quality of Life Assessment with St. George's Respiratory ; Questionnaire (SGRQ‐C) total ; • COPD Assessment Test (CAT) ; • The Patient Reported Global Severity Impression and Global ; Impression of Change ; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: • FEV1 at 3 hrs post‐dose on Day 84 ; • Trough FEV1 at other time points ; • Trough FVC at Day 85 and other time points ; • Measure of lung volume (IC, FRC and RV) at 3 hrs post‐dose ; • FEV1 at 15 mins and 3 hours post‐dose at other time points ; • FVC at 15 mins and 3 hours post‐dose ; • Measure of trough lung volume (IC, FRC and RV) ; • Mean TDI focal score at Day 28, Day 56 and ; Day 84 ; • Rescue albuterol/salbutamol use (percentage of rescue‐free ; days and puffs/day) recorded each morning ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: Subjects eligible for enrolment in the run‐in phase must be able to read and understand the study documentation relating to informed consent and patient questionnaires and meet all the following criteria: 1. Type of subject: Outpatient. 2. Informed Consent: A signed and dated written informed consent prior to study participation. 3. Age: Subjects 40 years of age or older at Visit 1. 4. Gender: Male or female subjects. A female is eligible to enter and participate in the study if she is of: Non‐child bearing potential (i.e. physiologically incapable of becoming pregnant, including any female who is post‐menopausal or surgically sterile). Surgically sterile females are defined as those with a documented hysterectomy and/or bilateral oophorectomy or tubal ligation. Post‐menopausal females are defined as being amenorrhoeic for greater than 1 year with an appropriate clinical profile, e.g. age appropriate, >45 years, in the absence of hormone
 A clinical study to assess the efficacy and safety of Vilanterol, Glycopyrronium and Fluticasone furoate Inhalation in patients with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease;  INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Vilanterol, Glycopyrronium and Fluticasone furoate Inhalation 12.5 mcg, 25 mcg and 50 mcg : Patients will dispensed 2 MDIs each; one for the morning dose and another for the evening dose during visit 2 and visit 4. The MDI for morning dose will contain the test drug, Vilanterol, Glycopyrronium and Fluticasone furoate Inhalation 12.5 mcg, 25 mcg and 50 mcg while the MDI for evening dose will contain placebo. Patients will be instructed to administer 2 actuations at a time through oral inhalation route from the dispensed MDIs at regular interval for a treatment period of 12 weeks. Control Intervention1: Glycopyrrolate, Formoterol Fumarate and Budesonide Inhalation 9 mcg, 4.8 mcg and 160 mcg: Patients will dispensed 2 MDIs each; one for the morning dose and another for the evening dose during visit 2 and visit 4. Both the MDIs will contain the reference drug, Glycopyrrolate, Formoterol Fumarate and Budesonide Inhalation 9 mcg, 4.8 mcg and 160 mcg. Patients will be instructed to administer 2 actuations at a time through oral inhalation route from the dispensed MDIs at regular interval for a treatment period of 12 weeks CONDITION: Health Condition 1: J449‐ Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, unspecified PRIMARY OUTCOME: Change from baseline in trough FEV1 at the end of the study in the two groups ; Timepoint: 12 weeks ; SECONDARY OUTCOME: Change from baseline in trough FEV1 at week 4 in the two groups ; Timepoint: 12 weeks INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Patients of either gender between 40‐65 years of age (both inclusive) 2. Patients who are current/ex‐smokers 3. Patients diagnosed with moderate to severe COPD as per the GOLD guidelines classification at screening visit: a. Post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC ratio < 0.7; b. Post‐bronchodilator FEV1, â?¥ 30% to < 80% predicted 4. COPD Assessment Test (CATTM) score â?¥ 10 even after receiving at least two inhaled maintenance therapies (LABA + LAMA or LABA + ICS) for at least 4 weeks at the time of screening 5. Patients willing to provide written informed consent and comply with the protocol requirements 6. Patients literate enough to fill the diary card
 Single-inhaler fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol versus fluticasone furoate/vilanterol plus umeclidinium using two inhalers for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a randomized non-inferiority study;  BACKGROUND: Single‐inhaler fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) 100/62.5/25 μg has been shown to improve lung function and health status, and reduce exacerbations, versus budesonide/formoterol in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). We evaluated the non‐inferiority of single‐inhaler FF/UMEC/VI versus FF/VI + UMEC using two inhalers. METHODS: Eligible patients with COPD (aged ≥40 years; ≥1 moderate/severe exacerbation in the 12 months before screening) were randomized (1:1; stratified by the number of long‐acting bronchodilators [0, 1 or 2] per day during run‐in) to receive 24‐week FF/UMEC/VI 100/62.5/25 μg and placebo or FF/VI 100/25 μg + UMEC 62.5 μg; all treatments/placebo were delivered using the ELLIPTA inhaler once‐daily in the morning. Primary endpoint: change from baseline in trough forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1) at Week 24. The non‐inferiority margin for the lower 95% confidence limit was set at ‐ 50 mL. RESULTS: A total of 1055 patients (844 [80%] of whom were enrolled on combination maintenance therapy) were randomized to receive FF/UMEC/VI (n = 527) or FF/VI + UMEC (n = 528). Mean change from baseline in trough FEV1 at Week 24 was 113 mL (95% CI 91, 135) for FF/UMEC/VI and 95 mL (95% CI 72, 117) for FF/VI + UMEC; the between‐treatment difference of 18 mL (95% CI ‐13, 50) confirmed FF/UMEC/VI's was considered non‐inferior to FF/VI + UMEC. At Week 24, the proportion of responders based on St George's Respiratory Questionnaire Total score was 50% (FF/UMEC/VI) and 51% (FF/VI + UMEC); the proportion of responders based on the Transitional Dyspnea Index focal score was similar (56% both groups). A similar proportion of patients experienced a moderate/severe exacerbation in the FF/UMEC/VI (24%) and FF/VI + UMEC (27%) groups; the hazard ratio for time to first moderate/severe exacerbation with FF/UMEC/VI versus FF/VI + UMEC was 0.87 (95% CI 0.68, 1.12). The incidence of adverse events was comparable in both groups (48%); the incidence of serious adverse events was 10% (FF/UMEC/VI) and 11% (FF/VI + UMEC). CONCLUSIONS: Single‐inhaler triple therapy (FF/UMEC/VI) is non‐inferior to two inhalers (FF/VI + UMEC) on trough FEV1 change from baseline at 24 weeks. Results were similar on all other measures of efficacy, health‐related quality of life, and safety. TRIAL REGISTRATION: GSK study CTT200812; ClinicalTrials.gov NCT02729051 (submitted 31 March 2016).
 A Study to Compare the Efficacy and Safety of Umeclidinium/Vilanterol and Fluticasone Propionate/Salmeterol in Subjects With Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD);  This is a multicenter, randomized, double‐blind, double‐dummy, parallel group study. The purpose of this study is to compare the efficacy and safety of umeclidinium/vilanterol (UMEC/VI) and fluticasone propionate/salmeterol (FSC) in subjects with COPD. Subjects who meet the eligibility criteria at Screening will complete a 7 to 14 day Run‐in period. At the end of the run‐in period, approximately 710 eligible subjects will be equally randomized (to complete at least 568 evaluable subjects) to one of the 2 treatment groups for 12 weeks: 1. UMEC/VI 62.5/25 micrograms (mcg) administered as one inhalation once‐daily in the morning via the Novel dry powder inhaler (NDPI) + placebo administered as one inhalation each morning and evening via single multidose powdered inhaler (ACCUHALER/DISKUS) or 2. FSC 250/50 mcg administered as one inhalation each morning and evening via ACCUHALER/DISKUS + placebo administered once‐daily in the morning via NDPI. A safety Follow‐up assessment will be conducted approximately 7 days after the end of the study treatment (Early Withdrawal, if applicable). The total duration of subject participation will be approximately 15 weeks.
 A Study to Compare the Efficacy and Safety of Umeclidinium/Vilanterol With Fluticasone Propionate/Salmeterol in Subjects With Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD);  Umeclidinium/vilanterol (UMEC/VI) is a combination product under development that is used for the treatment of airflow obstruction in patients with COPD. Fluticasone propionate/salmeterol (FSC) is an approved drug that is already in use for the treatment of COPD. This is a multicenter, randomized, double‐blind, double‐dummy, parallel group study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of UMEC/VI 62.5/25 microgram [mcg] once daily administered via Novel Dry Powder Inhaler (NDPI) compared with fluticasone propionate /salmeterol (FSC) 250/50 mcg twice‐daily when administered via ACCUHALER/DISKUS inhaler over a treatment period of 12 weeks in subjects with COPD. Eligible subjects will be equally randomized to UMEC/VI 62.5/25 mcg or FSC 250/50 mcg for 12 weeks. A safety follow‐up assessment will be conducted approximately 7 days after the end of the study treatment.
 Assessment of peak inspiratory flow rate in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: impact on dose delivery and relationship with response to fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol triple therapy;  Rationale: Two clinical studies (RES113817/RES117178 [NCT01345266/NCT02076269]) have shown a clear relationship between peak inspiratory flow rate (PIFR) measured by spirometry and PIFR achieved through the moderate‐resistance Ellipta inhaler across patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) of all severities. Subsequent in vitro data has shown consistent dose delivery of fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) across the Ellipta PIFR range of 30‐130L/min. This analysis evaluated the range of spirometry PIFR observed, and any relationship between PIFR and study efficacy outcomes, in a pooled patient population from two recent replicate studies (207608/207609). Methods: 207608/207609 (NCT03478683/NCT03478696) were Phase IV, 12‐week, randomized, double‐blind, triple‐dummy studies comparing once‐daily FF/UMEC/VI 100/62.5/25μg via Ellipta with twice‐daily budesonide/formoterol 320/9μg via metered dose inhaler plus once‐daily tiotropium 18μg via HandiHaler in patients with symptomatic COPD (COPD Assessment Test score ≥10) and forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) <50% predicted (or FEV1 <80% predicted and ≥2 moderate or 1 severe exacerbations in the prior year). Spirometry PIFR was measured at screening. Interaction testing was performed post hoc between spirometry PIFR at screening and treatment for weighted mean FEV1 (wmFEV1) (0‐24h), trough FEV1, 12‐h FEV1 and ratio of trough FEV1 to baseline at Week 12. Additionally, an equation to calculate the predicted Ellipta PIFR from patients' spirometry PIFR was derived using 95% lower bound of linear regression between spirometry PIFR and Ellipta PIFR values from RES113817/RES117178 in patients with all severities of COPD (n=60). Results: In studies 207608/207609, 1951 patients had spirometry PIFR measured at screening (median [range]: 191L/min [28‐519]). Extrapolation of the equation from the RES113817/RES117178 studies, with supporting in vitro flow rate data, indicates that an Ellipta PIFR of 30L/min corresponds to a spirometry PIFR of 50L/min. This suggests that nearly all patients (>99%) in studies 207608/207609 can achieve the level of inspiratory effort needed for consistent dose delivery (Figure A). Furthermore, no interaction between treatment and spirometry PIFR at screening was observed for any efficacy endpoints (intent‐to‐treat population, n=1460); Figure B shows results for Week‐12 trough FEV1. Conclusion: Results indicate that nearly all patients with COPD in studies 207608/207609 have spirometry PIFR values corresponding with Ellipta PIFR that are likely to result in consistent dose delivery of FF/UMEC/VI from this moderate‐resistance dry powder inhaler. These studies also indicate that there is no correlation between spirometry PIFR at screening and treatment efficacy, which is consistent with previous results demonstrating flow‐independent dose delivery from the Ellipta inhaler.(Figure Presented).
 Safety of regadenoson, a selective adenosine A2A agonist, in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial (RegCOPD trial);  BACKGROUND: Patients with reactive airways are at risk for adenosine‐induced bronchoconstriction, mediated via A(2B) and/or A(3) adenosine receptors. METHODS AND RESULTS: In this randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled crossover trial, we examined the safety of regadenoson, a selective adenosine A(2A) receptor agonist, in patients with moderate chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) (n = 38) and patients with severe COPD (n = 11) with a baseline mean forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV(1)) of 1.74 +/‐ 0.50 L and 1.0 +/‐ 0.35 L, respectively, 37% of whom had dyspnea during activities of daily living. Patients receiving glucocorticoids or oxygen and those with pretreatment wheezing were included. Short‐acting bronchodilators were withheld for at least 8 hours before treatment. No differences emerged between regadenoson and placebo on multiple lung function parameters, including repeated FEV(1) and forced vital capacity, respiratory rate, pulmonary examinations, and oxygen saturation. The mean maximum decline in FEV(1) was 0.11 +/‐ 0.02 L and 0.12 +/‐ 0.02 L (P = .55) in patients after regadenoson and placebo, respectively, and new‐onset wheezing was observed in 6% and 12%, respectively (P = .33). No patient required acute treatment with bronchodilators or oxygen. CONCLUSIONS: This pilot study showed the overall safety of regadenoson in 49 compromised outpatients with clinically stable moderate and severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
 Benefit and safety of fluticasone furoate/vilanterol in the Salford Lung Study in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (SLS COPD) according to baseline patient characteristics and treatment subgroups;  Background: SLS COPD was the first open‐label randomised controlled trial demonstrating a reduction in moderate/severe COPD exacerbations with once‐daily inhaled fluticasone furoate/vilanterol (FF/VI) in everyday clinical practice. Here we report FF/VI effectiveness and safety in predefined patient subgroups. Methods: Patients with COPD, exacerbation history, and receiving maintenance inhaler therapy, were randomised to initiate FF/VI 100/25 μg or continue usual care (UC) with 12 months’ follow‐up. Annual rates of moderate/severe exacerbations (primary outcome), selected secondary outcomes, and incidence of pneumonia serious adverse events of special interest (SAESI) were compared between randomisation groups across various patient subgroups/baseline treatment strata. SAESI rates by actual treatment were also assessed. Results: Lower exacerbation rates were observed for FF/VI versus UC across all subgroups/strata, including ICS + LABA therapy subset (8.0% [0.1, 15.4]), except in patients without baseline airflow limitation (−0.5% [–29.8, 22.1]). Larger reductions compared to the overall analysis were observed for patients on ICS‐containing regimens (excluding LAMA) before the study (15.6% [3.4, 26.3]), and with baseline CAT score <10 (25.3% [–0.4, 44.4]). Pneumonia SAESI rates were similar for FF/VI versus UC across all subgroups/strata, except the LABA, LAMA or LABA + LAMA stratum (incidence ratio 2.8 [0.9, 8.5]). SAESI rates were not increased for FF/VI versus other ICS + LABA. Conclusions: Initiating FF/VI versus continuing UC reduced exacerbation rates without increased pneumonia SAESI risk compared to other ICS‐containing regimens and in various patient subgroups, consistent with primary study findings. FF/VI may be a therapeutic option for a broad population of COPD patients, including those with more severe disease.
 A Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Umeclidinium Bromide/Vilanterol Compared With Fluticasone Propionate/Salmeterol Over 12 Weeks in Subjects With Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD);  This is a multicenter, randomized, double‐blind, double‐dummy, parallel group study. The purpose of this study is to compare the efficacy and safety of umeclidinium/vilanterol (UMEC/VI) and fluticasone propionate/salmeterol (FSC) in subjects with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD). Subjects who meet the eligibility criteria at Screening will complete a 7 to 14 day Run‐in period. At the end of the run‐in period, approximately 710 eligible subjects will be equally randomized (to complete at least 568 evaluable subjects) to one of the 2 treatment groups for 12 weeks: 1. UMEC/VI 62.5/25 micrograms (mcg) administered as one inhalation once‐daily in the morning via the Novel dry powder inhaler (NDPI) + placebo administered as one inhalation each morning and evening via single multidose powdered inhaler (ACCUHALER/DISKUS) or 2. FSC 500/50 mcg administered as one inhalation each morning and evening via ACCUHALER/DISKUS + placebo administered once‐daily in the morning via NDPI. A safety Follow‐up assessment will be conducted approximately 7 days after the end of the study treatment (Early Withdrawal, if applicable). The total duration of subject participation will be approximately 15 weeks.
 Cost-effectiveness analysis of a single-inhaler triple therapy for patients with advanced chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) using the FULFIL trial: a UK perspective;  Objectives: The clinical benefit of once‐daily fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) versus twice‐daily budesonide/formoterol (BUD/FOR) for patients with symptomatic chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) was demonstrated in a clinical trial setting (FULFIL [NCT02345161]). The lifetime cost‐effectiveness analysis of FF/UMEC/VI versus BUD/FOR, based on FULFIL data, is reported here. Methods: A previously developed and validated GALAXY‐COPD linked‐risk equation model was used to assess the cost‐effectiveness of FF/UMEC/VI from the UK National Health Service (NHS) perspective. Baseline characteristics and efficacy results from FULFIL and UK NHS reference cost data (2017) were included as inputs. Exacerbation rates (undiscounted), costs, life years (LYs; undiscounted) and quality‐adjusted life years (QALYs), and the incremental cost‐effectiveness ratio (ICER) were calculated over a lifetime horizon. Costs and QALYs were discounted at 3.5% per year, beyond one year, in accordance with National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) guidelines. Deterministic and probabilistic sensitivity analyses were performed to evaluate the robustness of the results. Results: Predicted cumulative exacerbations per patient over a lifetime were 8.393 with FF/UMEC/VI and 10.456 with BUD/FOR. Patients receiving FF/UMEC/VI gained an additional 0.764 LYs and 0.492 QALYs, at an additional mean cost of £1,652, resulting in an ICER of £3,357 per QALY gained (95% confidence interval: £1,816, £5,194) compared with BUD/FOR. The ICER remained below £6,000 in all but one of the scenario and sensitivity analyses. Conclusions: Compared with BUD/FOR, treatment with FF/UMEC/VI was predicted to improve health outcomes at an additional cost that suggests it would be cost‐effective for patients with COPD in the UK.
 Once-daily single-inhaler versus twice-daily multiple-inhaler triple therapy: two replicatetrials in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD);  Rationale: Comparative effectiveness of once‐or twice‐daily, single‐or multiple‐inhaler triple therapy has not beencomprehensively evaluated. Methods: The Phase IV, 12‐week, randomized, double‐blind, triple‐dummy 207 608/207 609 (NCT03478683/NCT03478696)trials compared OD fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) 100/62.5/25 μg via Ellipta with BIDbudesonide/formoterol (BUD/FOR) 320/9 μg via metered‐dose inhaler plus OD tiotropium (TIO) 18 μg via HandiHaler insymptomatic COPD‐patients with predicted FEV < 50% (or FEV < 80% and ≥ 2 moderate or 1 severe exacerbations in theprior year). Primary endpoint was Week‐12 weighted mean change from baseline (wmCFB) in 0‐24‐hour FEV , Secondaryendpoints included Day‐1 wmCFB in 0‐24‐hour FEV and Day‐84 and Day‐85 trough FEV CFB. Serial FEV measurements,CFB in St George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) total score and COPD Assessment Test (CAT) score and proportion ofSGRQ and CAT responders at Week 12 (≥ 4.0‐unit increase in SGRQ total score or ≥ 2.0‐unit increase in CAT score) werealso assessed. Endpoints were analyzed for each study separately and for the pooled ITT population. Results: 207 608 and 207 609 modified per‐protocol populations comprised 720 and 711 patients (Intention to treat: 728and 732). FF/UMEC/VI was non‐inferior to BUD/FOR+TIO for Week‐12 wmCFB in FEV (0‐24‐hour) in both studies. In thepooled analysis FF/UMEC/VI improved Day‐85 CFB in trough FEV vs. BUD/FOR+TIO; no between‐treatment difference wasseen in Day‐1 wmCFB FEV (0‐24‐hour). FF/UMEC/VI improved Week 12 serial FEV measurements vs. BUD/FOR+TIO at 12‐hour and 24‐hour. No significant difference was seen for Week 12 SGRQ total score (0.0 [95% CI:‐1.0, 1.1]; P = 0.956), CAT score (‐0.3 [‐0.9, 0.2]; P = 0.201) or proportion of responders (odds ratio [95% CI]: SGRQ, 1.05 [0.84,1.31]; P = 0.671; CAT, 1.04 [0.83, 1.30]; P = 0.732). Safety profiles were similar; pneumonia occurred in 7 (< 1%) and 9(1%) patients in FF/UMEC/VI and BUD/FOR+TIO groups. Conclusion: The results suggest that once‐daily single‐inhaler triple therapy may provide more sustained lung functionbenefits throughout the dosing interval compared with twice‐daily multiple‐inhaler therapy, with a similar safety profile.
 Risk of all-cause mortality during and after severe exacerbations in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (Copd): post hoc analysis of the impact trial;  Rationale: Severe exacerbations are associated with an increased risk of mortality in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). In the IMPACT trial, fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) triple therapy was associated with a 34% reduction in the annual rate of severe exacerbations versus the long‐acting muscarinic antagonist/long‐acting β2‐agonist (LAMA/LABA) UMEC/VI in patients with symptomatic COPD and a history of exacerbations. Furthermore, FF/UMEC/VI also reduced on‐treatment allcause mortality (ACM) risk by 42% when compared with UMEC/VI. This analysis investigated the risk of ACM during and following a moderate or severe exacerbation in patients enrolled in the IMPACT trial. Methods: IMPACT was a Phase III, randomized, double‐blind, 52‐week trial comparing once‐daily FF/UMEC/VI 100/62.5/25 mcg with FF/VI 100/25 mcg and UMEC/VI 62.5/25 mcg. Eligible patients (≥40 years of age) had symptomatic COPD (COPD Assessment Test score ≥10), and a forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) <50% predicted and ≥1 moderate or severe exacerbation in the prior year, or a FEV1 50‐<80% predicted and ≥2 moderate or ≥1 severe exacerbations in the prior year. This post hoc analysis analyzed the risk of on‐treatment ACM during and 1‐90 and 91‐365 days post moderate or severe exacerbations, versus baseline using a time‐dependent repeated measures Cox model. Moderate exacerbations were those requiring treatment with antibiotics or systemic/oral corticosteroids. Severe exacerbations were those resulting in hospitalization or death. Results: 10,355 patients were included in the intent‐to‐treat population. 5034 (48.6%) patients experienced moderate/severe exacerbations. The risk of ACM was significantly increased during a severe exacerbation event compared with baseline (hazard ratio [HR] 41.22, 95% confidence interval [CI] 26.49, 64.15; P<0.001). This risk decreased post severe exacerbation, with neither time period demonstrating a significant difference in risk compared with the baseline period (1‐90 days: HR 2.13, 95% CI 0.86, 5.29, P=0.102; 91‐365 days: HR 1.15, 95% CI 0.27, 4.84, P=0.852; Figure 1). The risk of ACM during and 1‐90 days following a moderate exacerbation was slightly elevated but did not reach statistical significance. Conclusions: This time‐dependent model analysis demonstrates that the risk of death was significantly increased during a severe exacerbation event in patients with symptomatic COPD and a history of exacerbations, with the risk of death decreasing following the severe exacerbation event. These results emphasize the importance of preventing severe exacerbations as a COPD treatment goal and the need to optimize treatment in patients at risk of exacerbations. Funding: GSK (CTT116855/NCT02164513).
 A Study Comparing the Closed Triple Therapy, Open Triple Therapy and a Dual Therapy for Effect on Lung Function in Subjects With Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD);  The primary purpose of this study is to assess the equivalence of closed triple therapy Fluticasone Furoate (FF)/Umeclidinium (UMEC)/Vilanterol (VI) to open triple therapy (FF/VI + UMEC), with a comparison of both triple therapies to dual therapy (FF/VI) on lung function. This is a phase III, 4‐week, randomized, double‐blind, parallel group, multicenter study comparing FF/UMEC/VI (100 micrograms [mcg]/62.5 mcg/25 mcg) delivered via a single ELLIPTA® inhaler ('closed' triple) + matching placebo ELLIPTA inhaler, FF/VI + UMEC delivered via two ELLIPTA inhalers ('open' triple) and FF/VI via a single ELLIPTA inhaler + matching placebo ELLIPTA inhaler, all once daily. The total duration of subject participation will be approximately 7 weeks, consisting of a 2‐week run‐in period, 4‐week treatment period and a 1‐week follow‐up period. ELLIPTA is a registered trade mark of the GSK group of companies.
 Effect of chronic mucus hypersecretion on treatment responses to inhaled therapies in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: post hoc analysis of the IMPACT trial;  Background and objective: Chronic mucus hypersecretion (CMH) is a clinical phenotype of COPD. This exploratory post hoc analysis assessed relationship between CMH status and treatment response in IMPACT. Methods: Patients were randomized to once‐daily fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) 100/62.5/25 μg, FF/VI 100/25 μg or UMEC/VI 62.5/25 μg and designated CMH+ if they scored 1/2 in St George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) questions 1 and 2. Endpoints assessed by baseline CMH status included on‐treatment exacerbation rates, change from baseline in trough forced expiratory volume in 1 second, SGRQ total score, COPD Assessment Test (CAT) score, proportion of SGRQ and CAT responders at Week 52 and safety. Results: Of 10,355 patients in the intent‐to‐treat population, 10,250 reported baseline SGRQ data (CMH+: 62% [n = 6383]). FF/UMEC/VI significantly (p < 0.001) reduced on‐treatment moderate/severe exacerbation rates versus FF/VI and UMEC/VI in CMH+ (rate ratio: 0.87 and 0.72) and CMH− patients (0.82 and 0.80). FF/UMEC/VI significantly (p < 0.05) reduced on‐treatment severe exacerbation rates versus UMEC/VI in CMH+ (0.62) and CMH− (0.74) subgroups. Similar improvements in health status and lung function with FF/UMEC/VI were observed, regardless of CMH status. In CMH+ patients, FF/VI significantly (p < 0.001) reduced on‐treatment moderate/severe and severe exacerbation rates versus UMEC/VI (0.83 and 0.70). Conclusion: FF/UMEC/VI had a favourable benefit: risk profile versus dual therapies irrespective of CMH status. The presence of CMH did not influence treatment response or exacerbations, lung function and/or health status. However, CMH did generate differences when dual therapies were compared and the impact of CMH should be considered in future trial design.
 A Six-week Study Comparing the Efficacy and Safety of Tiotropium Plus Formoterol to Salmeterol Plus Fluticasone in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD);  Tiotropium (Spiriva®) is a once‐daily inhaled anticholinergic for the treatment of COPD. A six‐week, multicentre, randomized, double‐blind, parallel group study was conducted to compare the efficacy and safety of the free combination of tiotropium 18 µg once daily plus formoterol 12 µg b.i.d. [Tio+For] to salmeterol 50 µg b.i.d. plus fluticasone 500 µg b.i.d. [Sal+Flu] in COPD patients. Information regarding the differential efficacy and safety of the two different combinations may be essential for physicians to make informed choices of therapy for COPD patients considered candidates for combination therapy. Following an initial screening visit, subjects entered a two or four‐week run‐in period in which they received ipratropium (Atrovent®) on a regular basis. At the second visit (Baseline), subjects were randomized into the six‐week, double blind portion of the study in which they received either Tio+For or Sal+Flu. After three weeks of treatment, an interim visit was scheduled. After six weeks of treatment, a 12‐hour profile of pulmonary function testings (FEV1, FVC) was obtained. Spirometric measurements were performed at pre‐dose and 30 minutes, 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 8, 10 and 12 hours post‐dosing. There were two co‐primary endpoints: FEV1 area under the curve for the time period 0 to 12 hours (FEV1 AUC0‐12) and peak FEV1. The efficacy evaluation (intention‐to‐treat) comprised 592 patients [Tio+For: N=297, Sal+Flu: N=295]. The two treatment groups were comparable with regard to demographic data and baseline disease characteristics [Baseline FEV1 (±SE): Tio+For: 1.310 L (±0.026 L); Sal+Flu: 1.325 L (±0.025 L)]. Adjustment was done for baseline and centre‐effects. Study Hypothesis: The following primary hypotheses (one‐sided) were tested with regard to superiority (all means are adjusted means): H01: FEV1AUC(0‐12 hours) (tiotropium+formoterol) <= FEV1AUC (0‐12 hours) (salmeterol+fluticasone) versus H11: FEV1AUC(0‐12 hours) (tiotropium+formoterol) > FEV1AUC 0‐12 hours(salmeterol+fluticasone) It was stipulated in the protocol that, if the null hypothesis H01 was rejected in favour of H11, then the following hypothesis would be tested: H01: Peak FEV1 (tiotropium+formoterol) <= Peak FEV1 (salmeterol+fluticasone) versus H11: Peak FEV1 (tiotropium+formoterol) > Peak FEV1 (salmeterol+fluticasone) Each step was only considered confirmatory providing all previous steps were successful. If any of the previous steps were not successful, any analysis of the current step would have been considered descriptive. Comparison(s): Test therapy: Test product: Tiotropium inhalation capsules plus formoterol inhalation capsules Dose: 18 µg tiotropium per day (one capsule), 12 µg formoterol twice daily (two times one capsule) Mode of administration: inhalation via the Handihaler device (tiotropium), inhalation via the Blue Inhaler device (formoterol) Reference therapy: Test product: Salmeterol plus fluticasone propionate Dose: Salmeterol 50 µg (2 puffs of 25 µg each) b.i.d., fluticasone propionate 500 µg (2 puffs of 250 µg each) b.i.d. Mode of administration: inhalation via MDI The treatment duration was 42 days each. Primary endpoint measurements were performed on the last treatment day.
 An evaluation of activity tolerance, patient-reported outcomes and satisfaction with the effectiveness of pulmonary daoyin on patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Pulmonary Daoyin (PD) (evolved from ancient Chinese daoyin skills), is a rehabilitation technology that combines specially designed movements of the arms and body and controlled breathing exercises, to improve the physiological and psychological status of patients with chronic respiratory disease. Pulmonary rehabilitation is effective for patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), and the efficacy of PD is unknown. The aim of this study is to investigate the effect of a PD program in enhancing activity tolerance, patient‐reported outcomes and satisfaction with the effectiveness on patients with COPD. MATERIALS AND METHODS: The multi‐center, randomized controlled trial was conducted from November 2011 to June 2012 in local communities in cities of the 11 research centers in China. It included COPD patients (moderate to very severe) who were recruited from an outpatient clinic. A randomized controlled study included 464 COPD patients who were randomly allocated either to the PD group, participating in a 3‐month, ten times‐weekly supervised PD‐based pulmonary rehabilitation program, or to a control group continuing with regular medical treatment alone. Data were gathered using the 6‐minute walking distance (6MWD) test, COPD patient‐reported outcomes (COPD‐PRO) and Effectiveness Satisfaction Questionnaire for COPD (ESQ‐COPD), which was filled out at baseline and 3 months post‐intervention. SAS 9.2 was used for statistical analysis. RESULTS: Of the 464 patients in the study, 461 were included in the full analysis set (FAS); 429 were in the per‐protocol analysis set (PPS). After 3‐month intervention, there was a significant difference between the two groups in 6MWD (FAS; P=0.049; PPS; P=0.041), total score and all domains of COPD‐PRO (FAS; P=0.014; PPS; P=0.003) and ESQ‐COPD (FAS; P=0.038; PPS; P<0.001). CONCLUSIONS: The PD program was able to improve the activity tolerance level and satisfaction of COPD patients because of its effectiveness.
 A Study to Assess the Safety of Budesonide/Glycopyrronium/Formoterol Fumarate with the Hydrofluoroolefin Propellant in Participants with Moderate to Very Severe Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Trixeo Aerosphere Product Code: BGF MDI HFA Pharmaceutical Form: Pressurised inhalation, suspension INN or Proposed INN: Budesonide CAS Number: 51333‐22‐3 Other descriptive name: Budesonide Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 160‐ INN or Proposed INN: Formoterol fumarate dihydrate CAS Number: 183814‐30‐4 Other descriptive name: FORMOTEROL FUMARATE DIHYDRATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 5‐ INN or Proposed INN: Glycopyrronium CAS Number: 51186‐83‐5 Other descriptive name: Glycopyrronium Bromide Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 7.2‐ Product Name: BGF MDI HFO (contains HFO1234ze propellant) Pharmaceutical Form: Pressurised inhalation, suspension INN or Proposed INN: Budesonide CAS Number: 51333‐22‐3 Other descriptive name: Budesonide Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 160‐ INN or Proposed INN: Formoterol fumarate dihydrate CAS Number: 183814‐30‐4 Other descriptive name: FORMOTEROL FUMARATE DIHYDRATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 5‐ INN or Proposed INN: Glycopyrronium CAS Number: 51186‐83‐5 Other descriptive name: Glycopyrronium bromide Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 7.2‐ CONDITION: Moderate to Very Severe Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) ; MedDRA version: 21.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10010952 Term: COPD System Organ Class: 100000004855 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: Safety objectives: To assess the safety and tolerability of BGF MDI HFO as compared to BGF MDI HFA over 12 to 52 weeks in participants with moderate to very severe COPD Primary end point(s): 1. AEs (including SAEs, DAEs, AEOSIs, non‐serious AEs) ; 2. Digital 12‐lead Holter electrocardiogram (ECG) ; 3. 12‐lead ECG; 4. Clinical laboratory testing; 5. Vital signs Secondary Objective: Exploratory objectives: ; 1. To assess the safety and tolerability of BGF MDI HFO compared to BGF MDI HFA over 12 to 52 weeks in participants with moderate to very severe COPD; 2. To explore the effect of BGF MDI HFO compared to BGF MDI HFA over 12 to 52 weeks on respiratory health status Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 1. Over 16 or 56 Weeks (if attending 56 weeks study); 2. Week 0 and week 12; 3. Week 4, 8 and 52 (if attending 56 weeks study); 4. Week 0, 12 and 52 (if attending 56 weeks study); 5. Over 14 or 54 Weeks (if attending 56 weeks study) SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): 1. Change from pre‐dose value in FEV1 at 5, 15, 30, and 60 min post dose; 2. Change from baseline COPD Assessment Test (CAT) at 12 and 52 weeks Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 1. Over 12 or 52 Weeks (if attending 56 weeks study); 2. Week 12 and 52 (if attending 56 weeks study) INCLUSION CRITERIA: Age 1. Participant must be 40 to 80 years of age inclusive, at the time of signing the ICF; Type of Participant and Disease Characteristics 2. Participants who have a documented history of physician‐diagnosed COPD as defined by the ATS/ERS (Celli et al 2004) or by locally applicable guidelines; 3. Participants who have been regularly using dual ICS/LABA, LAMA/LABA, or ICS/LAMA/LABA (open or fixed‐dose combinations) inhaled maintenance therapies for the management of their COPD for at least 6 weeks prior to Screening; 4. Participants who have pre‐bronchodilator FEV1 of < 80% predicted normal at Visit 1; 5. Participants who have post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC ratio of < 0.70 and post bronchodilator FEV1 of = 25% to < 80% predicted normal at Visit 2; 6. Participants who have CAT score = 10 at Visit 1; 7. Participants who are current/former smokers with a history of at least 10 pack‐years of tobacco smoking (1 pack year = 20 cigarettes smoked p
 Efficacy of Fixed Combination of Beclomethasone Dipropionate (BDP) + Formoterol Fumarate (FF) + Glycopyrronium Bromide (GB) (CHF 5993)Administered Via Dry Powder Inhaler (DPI) in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD);  The purpose of this study is to evaluate the efficacy of Fixed Combination of Beclomethasone Dipropionate + Formoterol Fumarate + Glycopyrronium Bromide Administered Via Dry Powder Inhaler in COPD
 An open label, phase IV trial of Glycopyrronium/Formoterol/Budesonide (25mcg/12mcg/400mcg) fixed dose triple combination (FDC) in patients with moderate to severe Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD);  INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Glycopyrronium/Formoterol/Budesonide (25mcg/12mcg/400mcg) fixed dose triple combination (FDC) twice daily: Dose: one rotacap twice daily, Duration: Intervention duration 24 weeks, Mode of Administration: Inhalation Control Intervention1: NA: NIL CONDITION: Health Condition 1: J449‐ Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, unspecified Health Condition 2: J439‐ Emphysema, unspecified PRIMARY OUTCOME: Adverse events (Serious/Non‐Serious, Expected/Unexpected, Related/Not Related).Timepoint: 24 Weeks SECONDARY OUTCOME: Mean change in CAT score at week 6, week 12, week 18 and 24 from baseline. ; Mean change in pre‐dose trough FEV1 and FVC at week 12 and 24 from baseline. ; Mean change in 2‐hour post dose FEV1 and FVC at week 12 and 24 from baseline. ; Proportion of subjects with improvement in mMRC score at week 6, week 12, week 18 and week 24 from baseline. ; St Georgeâ??s Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) at week 6, 12, 18 and 24. ; Timepoint: 52 Weeks INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. A voluntarily given, written, signed, and dated informed consent from subject and/or legally acceptable representative. 2. Subjects of either gender and age between 40 and 75 years (both inclusive). 3. Subjects with a documented history of COPD (GOLD 2020 guidelines)‐based on spirogram within past one year from screening. 4. Post‐bronchodilator FEV1 greater than or equal to 30% and less than or equal to 80% of the predicted normal value. 5. Post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC ratio of less than 0.7. 6. Subjects with CAT score greater than 10. 7. Current or ex‐smoker of at least 10 pack years of cigarette/ biddi smoking or subjects who had exposure to noxious stimuli which led to development of COPD. 8. Subjects having ability to use RevolizerÂ® during course of the study and able to comply with protocol.
 A randomised study, comparing FF/UMEC/VI single inhaler triple therapy versus tiotropium monotherapy in participants with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Trelegy Ellipta 92 micrograms/55 micrograms/22 micrograms inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed Product Code: GSK2834425 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed INN or Proposed INN: FLUTICASONE FUROATE CAS Number: 397864‐44‐7 Current Sponsor code: GW685698X Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 100‐ INN or Proposed INN: UMECLIDINIUM BROMIDE Current Sponsor code: GSK573719A Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 74.2‐ INN or Proposed INN: VILANTEROL TRIFENATATE CAS Number: 503070‐58‐4 Other descriptive name: GW642444M Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 40‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Trade Name: SPIRIVA 18 microgram, inhalation powder, hard capsule Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, hard capsule INN or Proposed INN: TIOTROPIUM BROMIDE CAS Number: 139404‐48‐1 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 18‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, hard capsule Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use CONDITION: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) ; MedDRA version: 20.0 Level: PT Classification code 10009033 Term: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease System Organ Class: 10038738 ‐ Respiratory, thoracic and mediastinal disorders Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To evaluate the effect of single inhaler triple therapy (FF/UMEC/VI) compared to Tiotropium after 12 weeks of treatment on lung function Primary end point(s): Change from baseline in trough FEV1 at Week 12 (Day 85); ; Secondary Objective: ‐ To evaluate the effect of single inhaler triple therapy (FF/UMEC/VI) compared to Tiotropium after 12 weeks of treatment on Health Status; ‐ To evaluate the effect of single inhaler triple therapy (FF/UMEC/VI) compared to Tiotropium after 12 weeks of treatment on COPD exacerbations; ‐ To evaluate the safety profile of single inhaler triple therapy (FF/UMEC/VI) compared to Tiotropium over 12 weeks of treatment Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Week 12, day 85 SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): Secondary end point ; • Change from baseline in trough FEV1 at Week 4 (Day 28) and Week 12 (Day 84) ; ; Safety end points: ; • Incidence of adverse events ; • Vital signs ; ; Other end points: ; • Proportion of responders based on the St George’s Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) Total Score at Week 4 and Week 12 ; • Change from baseline in SGRQ Total Score at Week 4 and Week 12 ; • Proportion of responders based on the COPD Assessment Test (CAT) Total Score at Week 4 and Week 12 ; • Change from baseline in CAT Total Score at Week 4 and Week 12 ; • Moderate or severe exacerbation event Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Secondary and other end points ; ‐ Week 4, day 28 ; ‐ Week 12, day 84 ; ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: Participants are eligible to be included in the study only if all of the following criteria apply: 2. Type of participant: Outpatient. 3. Age: Participants 40 years of age or older at Screening (Visit 1). 4. Gender: Male or female participants. Female participants: A female participant is eligible to participate if she is not pregnant, not breastfeeding, and at least one of the following conditions applies: • Not a woman of childbearing potential (WOCBP) OR • A WOCBP who agrees to follow the contraceptive guidance in Appendix 3 during the treatment period and until the safety follow‐up contact after the last dose of study treatment. 1. Informed consent: capable of giving signed informed consent prior to study start which includes compliance with the requirements and restrictions listed in the informed consent form (ICF) and in this protocol. 5. COPD Diagnosis: An established clinical history of COPD in accordance with
 Study to Compare the Addition of Umeclidinium Bromide (UMEC) to Fluticasone Furoate (FF)/Vilanterol (VI), With Placebo Plus FF/VI in Subjects With Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD);  After screening, subjects will enter a 4 week open‐label run‐in period with fluticasone furoate (FF)/vilanterol (VI) 100/25 mcg administered once daily via dry powder inhaler (DPI). Subjects will then be randomized to receive any one of the 3 treatments (umeclidinium bromide [UMEC] [62.5 mcg] administered once daily via a DPI; OR UMEC [125 mcg] administered once daily via a DPI; OR matching placebo administered once daily via a DPI), while continuing treatment with open label FF/VI 100/25 mcg during a 12‐week treatment period. There will be a total of eight scheduled clinic visits at Pre‐Screening (Visit0), Screening (Visit 1), blinded treatment Day 1(Visit2), 2(Visit3), 28 (Visit4), 56 (Visit5), 84 (Visit6) and 85 (Visit7). A follow‐up phone contact will be conducted approximately 7 days after the last clinic visit. The total duration of subject participation in the study from Screening to Follow‐up will be approximately 17 weeks.
 Comparative Study of Fluticasone Furoate(FF)/Umeclidinium Bromide (UMEC)/ Vilanterol (VI) Closed Therapy Versus FF/VI Plus UMEC Open Therapy in Subjects With Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD);  This multicenter study will be conducted to compare the effect of FF/UMEC/VI with FF/VI plus UMEC on lung function after 24 weeks of treatment. This is a phase IIIB, 24‐week, randomized, double‐blind, parallel group multicenter study. This study will test the hypothesis that the difference in trough forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) between treatment groups is less than or equal to a pre‐specified non‐inferiority margin. Alternatively, this study will also test the hypothesis that the difference between treatment groups is greater than the margin. The triple therapy of FF/UMEC/VI in a single inhaler is being developed with the aim of providing a new treatment option for the management of advanced Global Initiative for Chronic Obstructive Lung Disease (GOLD) Group D COPD which will reduce the exacerbation frequency, allow for a reduced burden of polypharmacy, convenience, and improve lung function, health related quality of life (HRQoL) and symptom control over established dual/monotherapies. This study has a 2 week run in period where subjects will continue to have their existing COPD medications. At randomization, subjects will discontinue all existing COPD medications and will be assigned to treatment of FF/UMEC/VI, 100 microgram (mcg)/62.5 mcg/25 mcg and placebo or FF/VI, 100 mcg/25 mcg and UMEC, 62.5 mcg in a 1:1 ratio for 24 weeks. Subjects will have clinical visits at Pre‐Screening (Visit 0), Screening (Visit 1), Randomization (Week 0, Visit 2), Week 4 (Visit 3), Week 12 (Visit 4) and Week 24 (Visit 5). A follow‐up visit will be conducted at 1 week after the end of treatment period or after early withdrawal visit. Approximately, 1020 subjects will be enrolled in this study. There will be two pharmacokinetic (PK) groups (subset A and subset B). Approximately 120 subjects will be assigned to subset A and approximately 60 subjects will be assigned to subset B. The total duration of subject participation will be approximately 27 weeks, consisting of a 2‐week run‐in period, 24‐week treatment period and a 1‐week follow‐up period.
 A Study Evaluating the Efficacy of Budesonide, Glycopyrronium and Formoterol Fumarate Metered Dosed Inhaler on Cardiopulmonary Outcomes in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease;  This is a Phase III randomized, double‐blind, parallel group, multi‐center event‐driven study comparing BGF MDI 320/14.4/9.6 μg BID with GFF MDI 14.4/9.6 μg BID in participants with COPD who are at risk of a cardiopulmonary event.
 A Study Evaluating the Efficacy of Budesonide, Glycopyrronium, and Formoterol Fumarate Metered-Dose Inhaler on Cardiopulmonary Outcomes in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: Bevespi Aerosphere 7.2 micrograms/5 micrograms pressurised inhalation, suspension, Product Code:PRD8033578, Pharmaceutical Form: PRESSURISED INHALATION, SUSPENSION, Other descriptive name: , Strength: , Product Name: SALBUTAMOL, Product Code:SUB10422MIG, Pharmaceutical Form: PRESSURISED INHALATION, SUSPENSION, Other descriptive name: , Strength: , Product Name: Trixeo Aerosphere 5 micrograms/7.2 micrograms/160 micrograms pressurised inhalation, suspension, Product Code:PRD8600525, Pharmaceutical Form: PRESSURISED INHALATION, SUSPENSION, Other descriptive name: , Strength: CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: Evaluate the effect of combination triple therapy (BGF MDI 320/14.4/9.6 µg) compared with dual bronchodilator therapy (GFF MDI 14.4/9.6 µg) on severe cardiopulmonary outcomes. Primary end point(s): Time to first severe cardiac or COPD event. Secondary Objective: Evaluate the effect of combination triple therapy (BGF MDI 320/14.4/9.6 µg) compared with dual bronchodilator therapy (GFF MDI 14.4/9.6 µg) on: ‐severe COPD exacerbations ‐severe cardiac events ‐cardiopulmonary deaths ‐moderate/severe COPD exacerbations ‐Myocardial Infarction hospitalization (or cardiac death) ‐Heart Failure acute healthcare visit/hospitalization (or cardiac death) SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s):‐Time to first severe COPD exacerbation ‐Time to first severe cardiac event ‐Time to cardiopulmonary death ‐moderate/severe COPD exacerbation rate ‐Time to MI hospitalization (or cardiac death) ‐Time to HF acute healthcare visit/hospitalization (or cardiac death) INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1 Male or female participants must be 40 to 80 years of age inclusive, at the time of signing the ICF., 9 Willing to visit at the study site or participate in virtual visits as required per the protocol to complete all study assessments., 2 Demonstrate acceptable MDI administration technique at Visit 1(V1) and Visit 2(V2) (randomization), 10 A female is eligible to enter and participate in the study if the female is of: • Non‐childbearing potential: either permanently sterilized or who are post‐menopausal. • Childbearing potential: has a negative serum pregnancy test at V1 and must use one highly effective form of birth control., 11 Capable of giving signed informed consent, which includes compliance with the requirements and restrictions listed in the ICF and in the protocol., 3 A diagnosis of COPD confirmed by a post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC ratio < 70% predicted at V1., 4 Current or former smokers with a history of at least 10 pack‐years of cigarette smoking; defi
 A Study to Assess the Safety of Budesonide/Glycopyrronium/Formoterol Fumarate With the Hydrofluoroolefin Propellant in Participants With Moderate to Very Severe Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease;  This is a Phase 3 randomized, double‐blind, 12‐week (with an extension to 52 weeks in a subset of participants) study comparing the safety of BGF MDI HFO 320/14.4/9.6 μg twice daily (BID) with BGF MDI HFA 320/14.4/9.6 μg BID in participants with moderate to very severe COPD. For the 12‐week study, 542 participants will be randomized to treatments BGF MDI HFO and BGF MDI HFA in a 1:1 ratio. Randomization will be stratified by region (Americas, Europe) and COPD disease severity (percent predicted FEV1 ≥ 50%, percent predicted FEV1 < 50%). Subsequently, the 120 participants per treatment arm who were randomized to the extended study will continue and remain on the randomized treatment to 52 weeks.
 Efficacy and safety of tiotropium bromide combined with budesonide/formoterol in the treatment of moderate to severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  With the increase of environmental pollution, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) has become a serious health threat. In the present study, the efficacy and safety of inhalation therapy of tiotropium bromide combined with budesonide/formoterol were assessed in 180 patients with moderate to severe COPD (clinical trial registry no. ChiCTR1800017584). Patients were treated by inhalation of budesonide/formoterol (control group) or inhalation of tiotropium bromide combined with budesonide/formoterol (intervention group). The results indicated that after the treatment, the forced expiratory volume in 1 sec, the modified Medical Research Council scale, the 6‐min walking distance and the St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire scores for quality of life were significantly improved in the two groups, while the improvements in the intervention group were more significant (all P<0.05). There was no significant difference in body mass indices between the two groups during the course of the treatment (P=0.302). The difference in the risk of an acute exacerbation between the two groups was also not significant (P=0.238). The median time to the first acute exacerbation from the start of treatment in the intervention group (53 days; 25% quartile, 50 days; 75% quartile, 62 days) was significantly longer than that in the control group (37 days; 25% quartile, 23 days; 75% quartile, 39 days; P=0.042). The adverse reaction rates in the intervention and control groups were 14.4 and 10.0%, respectively, without any significant difference. In conclusion, inhalation treatment of tiotropium bromide combined with budesonide/formoterol significantly improves pulmonary function, exercise capacity and quality of life of patients with COPD compared with budesonide/formoterol inhalation alone, while the effect of reducing the acute attack risk requires further evaluation.
 Efficacy and Safety of Benralizumab in Moderate to Very Severe Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) With a History of Frequent Exacerbations;  Phase 3 study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of a benralizumab in patients with moderate to very severe COPD with a history of frequent COPD exacerbations and elevated peripheral blood eosinophils (≥300/μL). Eligible patients must have a history of ≥2 moderate and/or severe COPD exacerbations in the previous year despite receiving triple (ICS/LABA/LAMA) background therapy for at least 3 months and ICS‐based dual inhaled treatment for the remainder of the year. Eligible patients must also have an elevated blood eosinophil count. The treatment period will be of variable duration and will continue until the last patient has the opportunity to complete a minimum of 56 weeks, at which point all patients will complete the study. The primary endpoint will be analyzed at Week 56.
 Effect of low dose sustained release theophylline as adjunctive therapy to recommended inhaled bronchodilator & coricosteroid therapy in patients of stable chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  Objective: To study the effect of Low dose sustained release Theophylline as adjunctive therapy to Inhaled LABA/LAMA/ICS therapy in patients of stable Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease. Materials and Methods: This is a part of an ongoing double‐centre prospective controlled study conducted over period of 1 year. Patients admitted with acute exacerbations of COPD above 45 years were included [N = 106]; excluding those with cardiac co‐morbidities and cor‐pulmonale and prior history of theophylline intake. Post‐bronchodilator Spirometry was performed after exacerbation was controlled and considered as baseline. Group A (N = 43) were prescribed Salmeterol, Fluticasone and tiotropium at recommended doses. Group B (N = 63) received additional low dose sustained release oral Theophylline. Spirometry was repeated at 1, 3 and 6 months of therapy. Results: The preliminary results at 6 month follow‐up yield a loss of follow‐up of 7 (3 in group A and 4 in group B). Effective study size: Group A = 40, group B = 59. Rate of decline of mean FEV1 = 9.2 ± 1.3 % versus 4.6 ± 1.8% in group A and B respectively with reduction in frequency of exacerbation (relative risk reduction of 12.8%, p < 0.001) in group B. Median duration for 1st reported exacerbation of COPD was 88 versus 109 days in group A versus B. group B patients reported higher St. George Respiratory Questionnaire score than group A at 6 months but was statistically insignificant. Conclusion: Low dose sustained release theophylline is effective in alleviating symptoms and reducing exacerbations as an adjunct to recommended inhalational therapy to COPD with no significant side‐effects at 6 months of initiation.
 Efficacy, safety and tolerability of the co-administration of NVA237 + indacaterol once daily vs. indacaterol once daily in patients with moderate to severe Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD);  INTERVENTION: Product Name: Glycopyrronium bromide Product Code: NVA237 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, hard capsule INN or Proposed INN: GLYCOPYRRONIUM BROMIDE CAS Number: 596‐51‐0 Current Sponsor code: NVA237 Other descriptive name: Glycopyrronium Bromide Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, hard capsule Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) ; MedDRA version: 15.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10010952 Term: COPD System Organ Class: 100000004855 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To demonstrate the superiority of NVA237 50 µg + indacaterol 150 µg administered once daily as compared with indacaterol 150 µg administered once daily in terms of trough FEV1 at Week 12. Primary end point(s): 24 h trough forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) after 12 weeks. Secondary Objective: To evaluate the effect of NVA237 50 µg o.d. + indacaterol 150 µg o.d. as compared to indacaterol 150 µg o.d. in terms of:; •FEV1 AUC5 min – 4 h post dosing at Week 12; •Peak FEV1 at Week 12 (where peak FEV1 is defined as the maximum FEV1 during the first 4 h post morning dosing); •FEV1, FVC and IC at individual time‐points on Day 1, Day 29, Day 57 and Days 84/85; •The mean change from baseline in daily number of puffs of rescue medication following 12 weeks of treatment; •The focal score of the Transitional Dyspnea Index (TDI) after 12 weeks of treatment; •Symptoms reported over 12 weeks of treatment using e‐diary; •Safety and tolerability; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Timeframe: 12 Weeks; SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): a. Post dose FEV1 Area Under the Curve (AUC)5 min – 4 h ; b. Peak FEV1 ; c. FEV1 at individual time‐points ; d. Forced Vital Capacity (FVC) at individual time‐points ; e. Inspiratory capacity (IC) at individual time‐points ; f. Mean change from baseline in daily number of puffs of rescue medication ; g. Focal score of the Transitional Dyspnea Index (TDI) ; h. Symptoms via patient e‐diary ; i. Safety and tolerability Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: a. b. Timeframe: 12 Weeks ; c. d. e. Timeframe: Day 1, Day 29, Day 57 and Days 84/85 ; f. Timeframe: Baseline and 12 weeks ; g. h. i. Timeframe: 12 weeks INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Patients with moderate to severe stable COPD (Stage II or Stage III) according to Global Initiative for Chronic Obstructive Lung Disease (GOLD) Guidelines. 2. Patients with a post‐bronchodilator FEV1 = 30 % and/or <80 % of the predicted normal, and a post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC < 0.70 at screening. 3. Current or ex‐smokers who have a smoking history of at least 10 pack years 4. Symptomatic patients according to daily diary data. Other protocol defined inclusion criteria may apply Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range 225 F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range 225
 Real-world effects of medications for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: protocol for a UK population-based non-interventional cohort study with validation against randomised trial results;  INTRODUCTION: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is a progressive disease affecting 3 million people in the UK, in which patients exhibit airflow obstruction that is not fully reversible. COPD treatment guidelines are largely informed by randomised controlled trial results, but it is unclear if these findings apply to large patient populations not studied in trials. Non‐interventional studies could be used to study patient groups excluded from trials, but the use of these studies to estimate treatment effectiveness is in its infancy. In this study, we will use individual trial data to validate non‐interventional methods for assessing COPD treatment effectiveness, before applying these methods to the analysis of treatment effectiveness within people excluded from, or under‐represented in COPD trials. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: Using individual patient data from the landmark COPD Towards a Revolution in COPD Health (TORCH) trial and validated methods for detecting COPD and exacerbations in routinely collected primary care data, we will assemble a cohort in the UK Clinical Practice Research Datalink (selecting people between 1 January 2004 and 1 January 2017) with similar characteristics to TORCH participants and test whether non‐interventional data can generate comparable results to trials, using cohort methodology with propensity score techniques to adjust for potential confounding. We will then use the methodological template we have developed to determine risks and benefits of COPD treatments in people excluded from TORCH. Outcomes are pneumonia, COPD exacerbation, mortality and time to treatment change. Groups to be studied include the elderly (>80 years), people with substantial comorbidity, people with and without underlying cardiovascular disease and people with mild COPD. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: Ethical approval has been granted by the London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine Ethics Committee (Ref: 11997). The study has been approved by the Independent Scientific Advisory Committee of the UK Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency (protocol no. 17_114R). An application to use the TORCH trial data made to clinicalstudydatarequest.com has been approved. In addition to scientific publications, dissemination methods will be developed based on discussions with patient groups with COPD.
 A randomized, crossover, placebo controlled, double-blind trial of the effects of tiotropium-olodaterol on neuromuscular performance during exercise in COPD;  Exercise intolerance in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is associated with dyspnea, reduced inspiratory capacity (IC) and occurs with a neuromuscular "power reserve," i.e., an acute ability to increase isokinetic locomotor power. This power reserve is associated with resting forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1)/forced vital capacity (FVC) suggesting that treatments to target pulmonary function may protect neuromuscular performance and extend whole body exercise in COPD. We, therefore, tested whether combination long‐acting β‐agonist and muscarinic antagonist bronchodilator therapy [long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) + long‐acting β‐agonist (LABA); Stiolto Respimat] would ameliorate the decline in neuromuscular performance and increase endurance time during constant power cycling at 80% peak incremental power. Fourteen patients with COPD (4 female; 64 [58, 72] yr; FEV1 67% [56%, 75%] predicted; median [25th, 75th percentile]) participated in a randomized, placebo‐controlled crossover trial (NCT02845752). Pulmonary function and cardiopulmonary exercise responses were assessed before and after 1 wk of treatment, with 2 wk washout between conditions. Performance fatigue was assessed using an ∼4‐s maximal isokinetic cycling effort at preexercise, isotime, and intolerance. Isotime was the shorter exercise duration of the two treatment conditions. Significance was assessed using ANOVA with treatment as fixed factor and subject as random factor. FEV1 was greater with LAMA + LABA versus placebo (1.81 [1.58, 1.98] L vs. 1.72 [1.29, 1.99] L; P = 0.006), but IC at isotime, performance fatigue at isotime, and constant power endurance time were not different between conditions (each P > 0.05). A modest (∼95 mL) increase in FEV1 following 1 wk of combination LAMA + LABA treatment did not alleviate neuromuscular performance fatigue or enhance cycle exercise tolerance in patients with mild‐to‐severe COPD with largely preserved "static" lung volumes.NEW & NOTEWORTHY Bronchodilation is known to increase forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1) and reduce hyperinflation in COPD. In a randomized controlled trial, we investigated whether combined inhaled long‐acting β‐agonist and muscarinic antagonist would alleviate maximal voluntary neuromuscular performance fatigue or enhance maximal muscle activation during cycling in patients with COPD. Despite increased FEV1, combination bronchodilator therapy did not reduce neuromuscular performance fatigue or enhance muscle activity or exercise tolerance in patients with mild‐to‐severe COPD.
 A 12 month study to compare FF/UMEC/VI with FF/VI and UMEC/VI in patients with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease(COPD) and a history of COPD exacerbation;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: Fluticasone Furoate/Umeclidinium/Vilanterol Trifenatate Product Code: GSK2834425 (GW685698/GSK573719/GW642444) Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder INN or Proposed INN: FLUTICASONE FUROATE CAS Number: 397864‐44‐7 Current Sponsor code: GW685698 Other descriptive name: Fluticasone Furoate Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 100‐ INN or Proposed INN: Umeclidinium CAS Number: 869113‐09‐7 Current Sponsor code: GSK573719 Other descriptive name: GSK573719A Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 62.5‐ INN or Proposed INN: Vilanterol Trifenatate CAS Number: 503068‐34‐6 Current Sponsor code: GW642444 Other descriptive name: GW642444M Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 25‐ Trade Name: Relvar Ellipta Product Name: Fluticasone Furoate/Vilanterol Trifenatate Product Code: GW685698/GW642444 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder INN or Proposed INN: Fluticasone Furoate CAS Number: 397864‐44‐7 Current Sponsor code: GW685698 Other descriptive name: Fluticasone Furoate Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 100‐ INN or Proposed INN: Vilanterol Trifenatate CAS Number: 503070‐58‐4 Current Sponsor code: GW642444M Other descriptive name: GW642444M Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 25‐ Product Name: Umeclidinium/Vilanterol Trifenatate Product Code: GSK573719/GW642444 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder INN or Proposed INN: Umeclidinium CAS Number: 869113‐09‐7 Current Sponsor code: GSK573719 Other descriptive name: GSK573719A Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 62.5‐ INN or Proposed INN: Vilanterol Trifenatate CAS Number: 503068‐34‐6 Current Sponsor code: GW642444 Other descriptive name: GW642444M Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 25‐ CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) ; MedDRA version: 18.0 Level: LLT Classification code 10010952 Term: COPD System Organ Class: 100000004855 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To evaluate the efficacy of FF/UMEC/VI to reduce the annual rate of moderate and severe exacerbations compared with dual therapy of FF/VI or UMEC/VI in subjects with COPD. Primary end point(s): Annual rate of on‐treatment moderate and severe exacerbations comparing FF/UMEC/VI with UMEC/VI ; ; Annual rate of on‐treatment moderate and severe exacerbations comparing FF/UMEC/VI with FF/VI; Secondary Objective: ‐To evaluate the long term safety and other efficacy assessments of; FF/UMEC/VI compared with dual therapy of FF/VI or UMEC/VI.; ; ‐To evaluate the efficacy of FF/UMEC/VI to reduce exacerbations compared with UMEC/VI in the subset of subjects with a blood eosinophil count =150 cells/µl Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Over 52 weeks SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): • Change from baseline trough FEV1 at Week 52 comparing FF/UMEC/VI with FF/VI; • Change from baseline SGRQ Total Score at Week 52 comparing FF/UMEC/VI with FF/VI; • Time to first on‐treatment moderate or severe exacerbation comparing FF/UMEC/VI with FF/VI and with UMEC/VI; • Annual rate of on‐treatment moderate and severe exacerbations comparing FF/UMEC/VI with UMEC/VI in the subset of subjects with a blood eosinophil count =150 cells/µl; • Time to first on‐treatment moderate or severe exacerbation comparing FF/UMEC/VI with UMEC/VI in the subset of subjects with a blood eosinophil count = 150 cells/µl; • Annual rate of on‐treatment severe exacerbations comparing FF/UMEC/VI with FF/VI and with UMEC/VI; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: • Change from baseline trough FEV1 at Week 52 comparing FF/UMEC/VI with FF/VI; • Change from baseline SGRQ Total Score at Week 52 comparing FF/UMEC/VI with FF/VI; • Time to first on‐treatment moderate or severe exacerbation comparing FF/UMEC/VI with FF/VI and with UMEC/VI; • Annual rate of on‐treatment moderate and severe exacerbations comparing FF/UMEC/VI with UMEC/VI in the subset of subjects with a blood eosinophil count =150 cells/µl at Week 52; • Time to first on‐treatment moderate or severe exacerbation comparing FF/UMEC/VI with UMEC/VI in the subset of subjects with a blood eosinophil count = 150 cells/µl; • Annual rate of on‐treatment severe exacerbations comparing FF/UMEC/VI with FF/VI and with UMEC/VI at Week 52; ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Informed Consent: A signed and dated written informed consent prior to study participation. 2. Type of subject: Outpatient. 3. Age: Subjects 40 years of age or older at Visit 1. 4. Gender: Male or female subjects. A female is eligible to enter and participate in the study if she is of: Non‐child bearing potential (i.e. physiologically incapable of becoming pregnant, including any female who is post‐menopausal or surgically sterile). Surgically sterile females are defined as those with a documented hysterectomy and/or bilateral oophorectomy or tubal ligation. Post‐menopausal females are defined as being amenorrhoeic for greater than 1 year with an appropriate clinical profile, e.g. age appropriate, > 45 years, in the absence of hormone replacement therapy. OR Child bearing potential, has a negative pregnancy test at screening, and agrees to one of the following acceptable contraceptive methods used consistently and correctly (i.e. in accor
 Non Inferiority of Fixed Combination of Beclomethasone Dipropionate (BDP) + Formoterol Fumarate (FF) + Glycopyrronium Bromide (GB) Versus Combination of Fluticasone Furoate (FlF)/Vilanterol (VI) + Tiotropium Bromide in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD);  The purpose of the study is to demonstrate the triple combination of beclometasone dipropionate + formoterol fumarate + glycopyrronium bromide is effective in term of quality of life in COPD patients (Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease).
 Effect of Recent Exacerbation History on the Efficacy of Once-Daily Single-Inhaler Fluticasone Furoate/Umeclidinium/Vilanterol Triple Therapy in Patients with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease in the FULFIL Trial;  Background: In the FULFIL trial, once‐daily single‐inhaler triple therapy with fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) resulted in reduced moderate/severe exacerbation rates and conferred significant improvements in lung function and health status in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) versus twice‐daily budesonide/formoterol (BUD/FOR) dual therapy. Methods: FULFIL was a Phase III, randomized, double‐blind, double‐dummy, parallel‐group study. Patients ≥40 years of age with symptomatic COPD were randomized 1:1 to FF/UMEC/VI 100/62.5/25 mcg or BUD/FOR 400/12 mcg. In this post hoc analysis, patients were categorized by exacerbation history in the year prior to study entry (≥1 moderate/severe exacerbation [recent exacerbation] versus no recent exacerbation). Endpoints included annual rate of on‐treatment moderate/severe exacerbations up to Week 24, annual rate of on‐treatment severe exacerbations up to Week 24, change from baseline in trough forced expiratory volume in 1 second at Week 24, and change from baseline in health status as measured by St George's respiratory questionnaire total score at Week 24. Results: Of the 1810 patients in the intent‐to‐treat population, 1180 (65%) had one or more moderate/severe exacerbation in the year prior to entry, while 630 (35%) patients did not. FF/UMEC/VI versus BUD/FOR significantly reduced moderate/severe exacerbation rates in the recent exacerbation subgroup (mean annualized rate: 0.19 vs 0.29; rate ratio [95% confidence interval [CI]]: 0.64: [0.45, 0.91]; p=0.014) and numerically reduced moderate/severe exacerbation rates in the no recent exacerbation subgroup (mean annualized rate: 0.29 vs 0.43; rate ratio [95% CI]: 0.67 [0.43, 1.04]; p=0.073). Severe exacerbation rates were numerically reduced with FF/UMEC/VI versus BUD/FOR treatment across both subgroups. FF/UMEC/VI conferred significant improvements in lung function and health status versus BUD/FOR, regardless of recent exacerbation history. Conclusion: FF/UMEC/VI reduced moderate/severe and severe exacerbation rates and improved lung function and health status versus BUD/FOR in patients with symptomatic COPD, regardless of recent exacerbation history.
 A study to evaluate whether a new inhaled medicine (combination of beclometasone plus formoterol plus glycopyrronium) works as well as a combination of licensed medicines (combination of fluticasone plus vilanterol and tiotropium) in patient with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: CHF 5993 pMDI Pharmaceutical Form: Pressurised inhalation, solution INN or Proposed INN: BECLOMETASONE DIPROPIONATE CAS Number: 5534‐09‐8 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 100‐ INN or Proposed INN: FORMOTEROL FUMARATE CAS Number: 43229‐80‐7 Other descriptive name: FF Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 6‐ INN or Proposed INN: GLYCOPYRRONIUM BROMIDE CAS Number: 596‐51‐0 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 12.5‐ Trade Name: Relvar Ellipta® Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed INN or Proposed INN: FLUTICASONE FUROATE CAS Number: 397864‐44‐7 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 92‐ INN or Proposed INN: VILANTEROL TRIFENATATE CAS Number: 503070‐58‐4 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 22‐ Trade Name: SPIRIVA® Product Name: Spiriva® Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, hard capsule INN or Proposed INN: TIOTROPIUM BROMIDE CAS Number: 139404‐48‐1 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 18‐ CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease ; MedDRA version: 18.0 Level: PT Classification code 10009033 Term: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease System Organ Class: 10038738 ‐ Respiratory, thoracic and mediastinal disorders Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To demonstrate the non‐inferiority of CHF 5993 pMDI versus fixed combination of fluticasone furoate/vilanterol plus tiotropium in terms of quality of life (change from baseline in the St. George’s Respiratory Questionnaire [SGRQ] total score after 26 weeks of treatment). Primary end point(s): Change from baseline in the SGRQ total score Secondary Objective: • To evaluate the effect of CHF 5993 pMDI on lung function parameters, patient’s health status and on clinical outcome measures.; • To collect data in order to assess the impact of study treatments on health economic outcomes.; • To assess the safety and tolerability of the study treatments.; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Visit 2 (week 0) to visit 5 (week 26) SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): • SGRQ response (change from baseline in total score = ‐4) ; • Change from baseline in the SGRQ total score ; • Change from baseline in pre‐dose morning FEV1, FVC and FEV1 response ; • Change from baseline of night‐time COPD symptoms on sleep ; • Use of rescue medication ; • CAT score at the end of treatment ; • Rate of moderate and severe COPD exacerbation over 26 weeks of treatment. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Study duration INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Male and female adults aged = 40 years with written informed consent obtained prior to any study‐related procedure. 2. Patients with a diagnosis of COPD at least 12 months before the screening visit (according to GOLD document updated 2014). 3. Current smokers or ex‐smokers who quit smoking at least 6 months prior to screening visit, with a smoking history of at least 10 pack years 4. A post‐bronchodilator FEV1 < 50% of the predicted normal value and a post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC < 0.7 at least 10‐15 min after 4 puffs (4 x 100 µg) of salbutamol pMDI. 5. A documented history of at least one exacerbation in the 12 months preceding the screening visit. 7. Symptomatic patients at screening with a CAT score = 6. Patients under double therapy for at least 2 months prior to screening visit of an inhaled corticosteriod (ICS) plus a long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) or long‐acting ß2‐agonist (LABA) or a double combination of LABA/LAMA
 An open clinical study to evaluate two inhaled treatments containing bronchodilators and cosrticosteroids on the market in terms of effects on some parts of the lungs in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease through a user friendly innovative device;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: TRIMBOWÂ® Product Name: TRIMBOWÂ® Pharmaceutical Form: Pressurised inhalation, solution INN or Proposed INN: Beclometasone dipropionate CAS Number: 5534‐09‐8 Current Sponsor code: SUB00681MIG Concentration unit: Âµg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 100‐ INN or Proposed INN: Formoterol fumarate CAS Number: 43229‐80‐7 Current Sponsor code: SUB02257MIG Concentration unit: Âµg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 6‐ INN or Proposed INN: Glycopyrronium Bromide CAS Number: 596‐51‐0 Current Sponsor code: SUB07951MIG Concentration unit: Âµg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 9‐ Trade Name: RELVARÂ® ELLIPTAÂ® Product Name: RELVARÂ® ELLIPTAÂ® Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed INN or Proposed INN: FLUTICASONE FUROATE CAS Number: 397864‐44‐7 Current Sponsor code: GW685698 Concentration unit: Âµg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 100‐ INN or Proposed INN: VILANTEROL (AS TRIFENATE) CAS Number: 503070‐58‐4 Current Sponsor code: GW642444 Concentration unit: Âµg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 25‐ CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: â€¢ To compare the effect of TRIMBOWÂ® and RELVARÂ® on small airways restriction and lung stiffness with specific test measured 5‐120 minutes post‐dose after 4 weeks of treatment.; â€¢ To compare the effect of TRIMBOWÂ® and RELVARÂ® on other Forced Oscillation Technique (FOT) parameters used to assess the lung function; â€¢ To compare the effect of TRIMBOWÂ® and RELVARÂ® in terms of lung function parameters;; â€¢ To compare the effect of TRIMBOWÂ® and RELVARÂ® in terms of health status and COPD impact on patient health assessed through COPD Assessment Test (CAT);; â€¢ To evaluate safety and tolerability of TRIMBOWÂ® and RELVARÂ®.; Primary end point(s): Area under the curve of Reactance (AX) 5 ‐ 120 minutes post‐dose after 4 weeks of treatment with Trimbow and Relvar. Secondary Objective: NA Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: The AX will be measured as the average of 5, 15, 30, 60, 90 and 120 minutes post‐dose assessments. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): NA Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: NA INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐ Patients with established diagnosis of COPD at least 12 months prior to the screening visit (according to GOLD Report, revised 2019). Patients with a diagnosis of Asthma COPD Overlap Syndrome (ACOS) and with a current diagnosis of atopy or allergic rhinitis based on their medical history and investigator judgement will be also eligible for inclusion. ‐ Current smokers or ex‐smokers, who quit smoking at least 6 months prior to screening visit, with a smoking history of at least 10 pack years [pack‐years = (number of cigarettes per day x number of years)/20]. If patients underwent any kind of smoking cessation therapy, it should be finished at least 2 months prior to screening. ‐ A post‐bronchodilator FEV1 <60 % of the predicted normal value and a post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC < 0.7 within 30 min after 4 puffs (4 x 100 Âµg) of salbutamol pMDI. ‐ Patients under double or triple therapy for at least 2 months prior to screening visit in stable
 A prospective study of salvational intervention with ICS/LABA for reducing chronic obstructive pulmonary disease exacerbation under severe air pollution (SIRCAP) in Beijing: protocol of a multi-center randomized controlled trial;  Background: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) is a major cause of morbidity and mortality all over the world. Acute exacerbation of COPD (AECOPD) not only accelerates the progression of disease, but also causes hospital administration and death events. Epidemiologic studies have shown air pollution is a high risk factor of AECOPD. However, there are rare technics or treatment strategies recommended to reduce severe air pollution related AECOPD. Methods: This is a multi‐center, prospective, randomized and standard treatment parallel control clinical trial. Seven hundred sixty‐four stable COPD patients in group B, C and D according to GOLD 2017 will be recruited and equally divided into two parallel groups, salvational intervention (SI group) and control group (CT group). Original treatments for participants include tiotropium (18μg once q.d), budesonide/formoterol (160μg/4.5μg once or twice b.i.d) or budesonide/formoterol (160μg/4.5μg once or twice b.i.d) with tiotropium (18μg once q.d). The savational intervention for SI group is routine treatment plus budesonide/formoterol (160μg/4.5μg once b.i.d) from the first day after severe air pollution (air quality index, AQI ≥200) to the third day after AQI < 200. CT group will maintain the original treatment. The intervention will last for 2 years. Primary outcome is the frequency of AECOPD per year and the secondary outcomes include the incidence of unplanned outpatient visits, emergency visits, hospitalization, medical cost and mortality associated with AECOPD per year. Discussion: The salvational intervention is a novel strategy for COPD management under severe air pollution. Results of the present study will provide reference information to guide clinical practice in reducing the air pollution related exacerbation of COPD. Trial registration: This study has been registered at www.ClinicalTrials.gov (registration identifier: NCT03083067) in 17 March, 2017.
 A Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled, Parallel-group, 52-week Pivotal Study to Assess the Efficacy, Safety, and Tolerability of Dupilumab in Patients with Moderate-to-severe Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) with Type 2 inflammation;  INTERVENTION: ‐ Dupilumab 300 mg/2 ml, administered as 1 SC injection q2w ‐ Placebo 2 ml, administered as 1 SC injection q2w CONDITION: ; chronic bronchitis 10006436 PRIMARY OUTCOME: ‐ Annual rate of acute COPD exacerbation (AECOPD); SECONDARY OUTCOME: ‐ Change in SGRQ ; ‐ Improvement in SGRQ ; ‐ Change in pre‐bronchodilator FEV1 from baseline to Week 52 ; ‐ Change in pre‐bronchodilator FEV1 from baseline to time points up to Week 44 ; ‐ Change in post‐bronchodilator FEV1 lung function ; ‐ Change in forced expiratory flow (FEF) 25‐75% ; ‐ Annualized rate of severe AECOPD ; ‐ Time to first AECOPD ; ‐ Adverse events ; ‐ Potentially clinically significant abnormality (PCSA) in laboratory tests ; ‐ Anti‐drug antibodies ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: Participants with a physician diagnosis of COPD who meet the following criteria at screening: ‐ Current or former smokers with a smoking history of >=10 pack‐years ‐ Moderate to severe COPD (post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC ratio <0.70 and post‐bronchodilator FEV1 % predicted >30% and <=70%) ‐ Medical Research Council (MRC) Dyspnea Scale grade >=2 ‐ Patient‐reported history of signs and symptoms of chronic bronchitis (chronic productive cough) for 3 months in the year up to screening in the absence of other known causes of chronic cough ‐ Documented history of high exacerbation risk defined as exacerbation history of >=2 moderate* or >=1 severe** within the year prior to inclusion. At least one exacerbation should have occurred while the patient was taking ICS/LAMA/LABA (or LAMA/LABA if ICS is contradicted). Moderate exacerbations are recorded by the Investigator and defined as AECOPD that require either systemic cor
 Study to Compare the Addition of Umeclidinium Bromide (UMEC) to Fluticasone Furoate (FF)/Vilanterol (VI), With Placebo Plus FF/VI in Subjects With Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) -Study 2;  After screening, subjects will enter a 4 week open‐label run‐in period with fluticasone furoate (FF)/vilanterol (VI) 100/25 mcg administered once daily via dry powder inhaler (DPI). Subjects will then be randomized to receive any one of the 3 treatments (umeclidinium bromide [UMEC] [62.5 mcg] administered once daily via a DPI; OR UMEC [125 mcg] administered once daily via a DPI; OR matching placebo administered once daily via a DPI), while continuing treatment with open label FF/VI 100/25 mcg during a 12‐week treatment period. There will be a total of eight scheduled clinic visits at Pre‐Screening (Visit0), Screening (Visit 1), blinded treatment Day 1(Visit2), 2(Visit3), 28 (Visit4), 56 (Visit5), 84 (Visit6) and 85 (Visit7). A follow‐up phone contact will be conducted approximately 7 days after the last clinic visit. The total duration of subject participation in the study from Screening to Follow‐up will be approximately 17 weeks.
 Improved lung function by 24-hour serial spirometric assessment with single inhaler triple therapy versus dual therapy in patients with advanced chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD): subgroup analysis of the global, randomized, phase iii fulfil study;  Rationale: FULFIL compared 24wks of treatment with once‐daily fluticasone furoate 100μg/umeclidinium 62.5μg/vilanterol 25μg (FF/UMEC/VI) delivered via the ELLIPTA® inhaler with twice‐daily budesonide 400μg/formoterol 12μg (BUD/FOR) delivered via Turbuhaler®, in 1810 patients aged ≥40 years with advanced COPD. The primary analysis of FULFIL demonstrated clinically meaningful and statistically significant improvements at Week 24 (Wk24) with FF/UMEC/VI versus BUD/FOR in the co‐primary endpoints of change from baseline in trough FEV1 and St George's Respiratory Questionnaire total score (both p<0.001). The safety profile of FF/UMEC/VI reflected that of the components, no new safety signals emerged (Lomas et al, ERS 2016). Here we present a pre‐specified subgroup analysis of 24‐hr serial spirometry in FULFIL. Methods: A subgroup of randomized patients underwent serial 24‐hr spirometric assessments (30min and 5min pre‐morning dose and 0.25hrs, 0.5hrs, 1hr, 3hrs, 6hrs, 12hrs, 15hrs, 21hrs, 23hrs, and 24hrs post‐dose) on Day 1 (D1) and Wk24. Time to onset of bronchodilation (≥100mL increase over baseline in FEV1 during 0‐6hrs post‐dose) on D1 was analyzed using a Cox proportional hazards model and weighted mean FEV1 over 0‐6hrs, 0‐12hrs, 0‐24hrs, and 12‐24hrs post‐dose and peak FEV1 on D1 and Wk24 were analyzed using mixed model repeated measures analysis. Results: 406 patients (203 FF/UMEC/VI; 203 BUD/FOR) were included. Mean baseline FEV1 was similar between the groups (1381mL and 1362mL, respectively). Median time to onset of bronchodilation during 0‐6hrs on D1 was 30min and 39min with FF/UMEC/VI and BUD/FOR, respectively, and patients on FF/UMEC/VI had a statistically significantly higher probability of attaining ≥100mL increase over baseline in FEV1 during this interval (HR=1.51; p<0.001). Change from baseline in FEV1 with FF/UMEC/VI and BUD/FOR over time is shown in the Figure; notably, there was substantial benefit with FF/UMEC/VI versus BUD/FOR on trough FEV1 at Wk24. FF/UMEC/VI demonstrated statistically significant improvements over BUD/FOR in weighted mean FEV1 at every assessed post‐dose interval; however, treatment differences were more marked at Wk24 (range 196mL‐210mL [p<0.001]). Change from baseline to peak FEV1 post‐dose was significantly greater with FF/UMEC/VI than BUD/FOR at Wk24 (difference 178mL [95% CI: 123mL‐233mL]; p<0.001). Conclusions: FF/UMEC/VI demonstrated a superior treatment effect over BUD/FOR in terms of improved lung function over 24hrs, which was evident early and maintained over 24wks. These data further support the lung function benefits of once‐daily FF/UMEC/VI single inhaler triple therapy in advanced COPD. (Figure Presented).
 A Study to Evaluate the Effect of Budesonide, Glycopyrronium, Formoterol Fumarate (BGF) Metered Dose Inhaler (MDI), Budesonide and Formoterol Fumarate (BFF) MDI and Placebo MDI on Exercise Parameters in Participants With Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD);  This is a multicenter, three‐treatment, three‐period, cross‐over study to assess theeffect of BGF MDI vs Placebo MDI and BFF MDI in participants with COPD who haveexertional breathlessness despite treatment with mono or dual COPD maintenance therapy.Eligible participants will be randomized equally (1:1:1:1:1:1) to 1 of 6 treatmentsequences. The total duration of the study for each participant will be up to 14 weeks.
 Phase 3b Study to evaluate the effects of Budesonide/Glycopyrronium/Formoterol Fuumarate and Glycopyrronium/Formoterol Fumarate on Specific Image based Airway Volumes and Resistance in Subjects with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD);  INTERVENTION: Product Name: Budesonide Glycopyrronium Formoterol Fumarate Product Code: PT010 Pharmaceutical Form: Pressurised inhalation, suspension INN or Proposed INN: BUDESONIDE CAS Number: 51333‐22‐3 Other descriptive name: BUDESONIDE Concentration unit: Âµg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 160‐ INN or Proposed INN: GLYCOPYRRONIUM Other descriptive name: GLYCOPYRRONIUM Concentration unit: Âµg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 7.2‐ INN or Proposed INN: FORMOTEROL FUMARATE CAS Number: 43229‐80‐7 Other descriptive name: FORMOTEROL FUMARATE Concentration unit: Âµg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 4.8‐ Trade Name: Bevespi Product Name: Glycopyrronium Formoterol Fumarate (GFF) Product Code: PT0003 Pharmaceutical Form: Pressurised inhalation, suspension INN or Proposed INN: GLYCOPYRRONIUM Other descriptive name: GLYCOPYRRONIUM Concentration unit: Âµg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 7.2‐ INN or Proposed INN: FORMOTEROL FUMARATE CAS Number: 43229‐80‐7 Other descriptive name: FORMOTEROL FUMARATE Concentration unit: Âµg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 4.8‐ CONDITION: Moderate to Severe Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) ; MedDRA version: 21.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10010952 Term: COPD System Organ Class: 100000004855 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To assess the effects of BGF and GFF on specific image‐based airway volumes and; resistance in subjects with moderate to severe COPD Primary end point(s): Change from baseline to the specific airway volume and Specific airway resistance in each treatment. Secondary Objective: To assess the effects of BGF and GFF on various Functional Respiratory Imaging (FRI) parameters; ; To assess the effects of BGF and GFF on lung function parameters; ; To assess the effects of BGF and GFF on body plethysmography parameters Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Day 29 SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): Change from baseline in: ; ; ‐Airway Volume and Airway Resistance ; ; ‐Forced expiratory volume in one second ; ; ‐Functional Residual Capacity Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Day 29 INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐Subject must be 40 years to =80 years of age inclusive, at the time of signing the informed consent form at Visit 1. ‐COPD Diagnosis: Subjects with an established clinical history of COPD ‐Screening clinical laboratory tests must be acceptable to the Investigator. ‐Screening ECG must be acceptable to the Investigator ‐Individual Compliance: Subjects must be willing to remain at the study center as required per protocol to complete all visit assessments ‐Patients should be on scheduled maintenance treatment with one or more inhaled bronchodilator therapies. Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range 5 F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range 15
 Short-term effects of inhalative tiotropium/formoterol/budenoside versus tiotropium/formoterol in patients with newly diagnosed chronic obstructive pulmonary disease requiring surgery for lung cancer: a prospective randomized trial;  OBJECTIVE: A new diagnosis of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is often made during the evaluation of patients requiring a surgical intervention for lung cancer. Based on initial impaired lung function, these untreated patients are often considered not fit for lung surgery. There is limited information on the short‐term effectiveness of preoperative pharmacologic treatment strategies in patients with newly diagnosed COPD before lung surgery. METHODS: A prospective randomized study was conducted comparing 1‐week‐treatment periods of tiotropium/formoterol/budenoside (GR1) with tiotropium/formoterol (GR2) in conjunction with smoking cessation and chest physiotherapy. No patients had been previously treated for COPD. The primary end point was body plethysmography (forced expiratory volume in 1s (FEV1), forced vital capacity (FVC), and airway resistance (RAW)) at the end of each treatment period. Secondary end points were improvement of ≥ 10% in FEV1 (% predicted) and improvement of the severity of COPD after the 1‐week treatment, as well as the rate of pulmonary complications after surgery. RESULTS: A total of 46 patients were randomized in GR1 (n=24) and GR2 (n=22). Both groups were comparable with regard to age, height, weight, smoking history, baseline body plethysmography (FVC, FEV1, and RAW), and the severity of COPD according to the Global Initiative for Obstructive Lung Disease (GOLD) staging, respectively. However, the short‐term effects of the treatment with regard to FEV1 (2.0 l vs 1.7 l; p=0.031) and increase of FEV1 (0.31 l vs 0.10 l; p=0.02) were better in GR1. More patients in GR1 had an improvement of ≥ 10% in FEV1 (p=0.004) and improvement of the severity of COPD (p=0.012) after the 1‐week treatment. Fewer pulmonary complications (11.1% vs 42.9%, p=0.04) were observed in GR1 after surgery. CONCLUSIONS: Both therapies resulted in an improvement of lung function. There is benefit from adding inhalative budenoside to tiotropium and formoterol in terms of an improvement in FEV1 and the severity of COPD. These beneficial results might lead to less pulmonary complications in the postoperative period.
 Characterization of lung function profile of inhaled tiotropium + olodaterol fixed dose combination compared to fluticason propionate + salmeterol fixed dose combination in COPD patients;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: Tiotropium 1.25µg/Olodaterol 2.5µg Product Code: Ba 679/BI 1744 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation vapour, solution INN or Proposed INN: TIOTROPIUM CAS Number: 186691‐13‐4 Other descriptive name: TIOTROPIUM Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 1.25‐ INN or Proposed INN: Olodaterol CAS Number: 868049‐49‐4 Other descriptive name: Olodaterol Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 2.5‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation vapour, solution Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Product Name: Tiotropium 2.5µg/Olodaterol 2.5µg Product Code: Ba 679/BI 1744 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation vapour, solution INN or Proposed INN: TIOTROPIUM CAS Number: 186691‐13‐4 Other descriptive name: TIOTROPIUM Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 2.5‐ INN or Proposed INN: Olodaterol CAS Number: 868049‐49‐4 Other descriptive name: Olodaterol Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 2.5‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation vapour, solution Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Trade Name: Seretide® Diskus® Product Name: Fluticasone propionate 250 µg/salmeterol 50 µg Product Code: Fluticasone propionate 250 µg/salmeterol 50 µg Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed INN or Proposed INN: FLUTICASONE PROPIONATE CAS Number: 80474‐14‐2 Other descriptive name: FLUTICASONE PROPIONATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 250‐ INN or Proposed INN: SALMETEROL CAS Number: 89365‐50‐4 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Trade Name: Seretide® Diskus® Product Name: Fluticasone propionate 500 µg/salmeterol 50 µg Product Code: Flu CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease ; MedDRA version: 14.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10010952 Term: COPD System Organ Class: 100000004855 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: The overall objective of the trial is to compare the lung function profile of 2 doses of once daily treatment with tiotropium+olodaterol FDC delivered by the RESPIMAT with the lung function profile of 2 doses of twice daily treatment with fluticasone propionate+salmeterol FDC delivered by the Acuhaler�� after 6 weeks of treatment. Primary end point(s): 1: FEV1 AUC0‐12h ‐ change from baseline after 6 weeks of treatment; Secondary Objective: None Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 1: Baseline and 6 weeks; SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): 1: FEV1 AUC0‐24h ‐ change from baseline 6‐weeks of treatment. ; ; 2: Trough FEV1‐ change from baseline 6‐weeks of treatment. ; ; 3: FEV1 AUC 12‐24 h ‐ change from baseline 6‐weeks of treatment. ; ; 4: Peak 0‐3h FEV1‐ change from baseline 6‐weeks of treatment. ; ; ; ; ; ; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 1: Baseline and 6 weeks ; ; 2: Baseline and 6 weeks ; ; 3: Baseline and 6 weeks ; ; 4: Baseline and 6 weeks ; ; ; ; ; ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Diagnosis of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease 3. Male or female patients, 40 years of age or older 4. Smoking history of more than 10 pack years 5. Ability to perform technically acceptable pulmonary function tests and maintain records 6. Ability to inhale medication in a competent manner from the RESPIMAT Inhaler, Accuhaler and from a metered dose inhaler (MDI) 2. Relatively stable airway obstruction with a post‐bronchodilator 30% </= Forced Expiratory Volume in 1 second (FEV1)<80% of predicted normal and a post‐bronchodilator FEV1/(Forced Vital Capacity)FVC <70% Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: 0 F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range 114 F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range 114
 Effect of roflumilast on cough and sputum in patients with severe or very severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) receiving inhaled combination therapy: evaluation of the exacerbation of chronic pulmonary disease tool-patient reported outcomes (exact-pro) subdomain scores;  Introduction: Cough and sputum production, together with dyspnea, are cardinal symptoms of COPD,1 and questions relating to these symptoms form an important component of the EXAcerbation of Chronic Pulmonary Disease Tool‐Patient Reported Outcomes (EXACT‐PRO) questionnaire.2 Roflumilast is an oral selective PDE4 inhibitor that reduces the risk of exacerbations in patients with severe COPD associated with chronic bronchitis and a history of exacerbations. To further evaluate the effects of roflumilast on cough and sputum production, EXACT‐PRO symptom subdomains were explored in the Phase 4, double blind RE2SPOND study (NCT01443845).3 Methods: RE2SPOND included participants with severe/very severe COPD with chronic bronchitis and ≥2 exacerbations in the previous year. Roflumilast 500μg once daily or placebo was added to background therapy with ICS/LABA ± LAMA for 52 weeks. Change in EXACT‐PRO total and cough and sputum, breathlessness, and chest symptom subdomain scores were measured over the 52‐week treatment period. Participants were required to record their COPD symptoms each evening using an electronic diary; daily scores were calculated into weekly averages. Changes in mean scores at weeks 4, 12, 20, 28, 40 and 52 vs baseline were analyzed using a Mixed Model for Repeated Measures analysis in the ITT population. Results: The roflumilast (n=1178) and placebo (n=1174) groups were balanced at baseline with respect to the EXACT‐PRO total and subdomain scores. There was no significant difference between the groups in mean change from baseline at 52 weeks in the EXACT‐PRO total score.3 However, analysis of the EXACT‐PRO subdomains revealed that compared with placebo, roflumilast significantly improved cough and sputum domain scores at all time points (p<0.0001; figure). At week 52, change from baseline in cough and sputum domain score was 2.673 with roflumilast compared with 1.509 with placebo (least squares mean difference, 1.164; 95%CI, 1.447, 0.881; p<0.0001). Roflumilast was also associated with significant improvement in breathlessness domain scores at weeks 4 to 28 (p≤0.0286). There were no significant between‐treatment differences in chest symptoms domain scores. Conclusions: In severe/very severe COPD and chronic bronchitis, addition of roflumilast to ICS/LABA ± LAMA improved symptoms of cough and sputum over the 52‐week period (as measured by EXACT‐PRO).
 A Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled, Parallel Group, Multicenter, Phase 2a Study to Explore the Efficacy and Safety of Tezepelumab in Patients with Moderate to Very Severe Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) (COURSE);  INTERVENTION: Subjects will be randomized in a 1:1 ratio to either 420 mg of tezepelumab or matching placebo both administered Q4W SC. During treatment period, IP will be administered from day 0 until week 48. CONDITION: ; Chronic Obstructive Pulmoray Disease ; COPD 10024967 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Primary endpoint: Rate of moderate or severe COPD exacerbations ; Primary outcome measure: Moderate or severe COPD exacerbation rate ratio ; (tezepelumab vs placebo) ; Supportive endpoint: Rate of moderate (excluding exacerbations treated only ; with antibiotics) or severe COPD exacerbations ; Supportive Measure: Moderate (excluding exacerbations treated only with ; antibiotics) or severe COPD exacerbation rate ratio (tezepelumab vs placebo); SECONDARY OUTCOME: To evaluate the effect of tezepelumab compared with placebo on time to first ; moderate/severe exacerbation ; ‐Time to first moderate or severe COPD exacerbation ; ; To evaluate the effect of tezepelumab as compared with placebo on severe COPD ; exacerbations ; ‐Rate of severe COPD excerbations ; ; Secondary Objectives ; ‐ To evaluate the effect of tezepelumab compared with placebo on time to first ; exacerbation ; ‐ To evaluate the effect of tezepelumab as compared with placebo on severe COPD ; exacerbations ; ‐ To evaluate the effect of tezepelumab as compared with placebo on ; prebronchodilator (BD) lung function ; ‐ To evaluate the effect of tezepelumab as compared with placebo on respiratory ; health status/health‐related quality of life ; ‐ To evaluate the pharmacokinetics (PK) and immunogenicity of tezepelumab ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1.Female or Male subjects between 40‐80 years 2.History of moderate to severe physician‐diagnosed COPD for at least 12 months prior to enrollment with a post‐bronchodilator FEV1 > 20% and < 80% of predicted normal value 3.History of at least 2 documented moderate to severe COPD exacerbation's, within 2‐52 weeks prior to enrollment 4.CAT score of > 15 at Visit 1 5.Subjects should have evidence of having been treated with triple (medium or high dose ICS/LABA/LAMA) therapy for COPD throughout the year prior to enrollment, the dose should be stable for 3 months prior to screening visit. 6.Current smoker or ex‐smoker with a tobacco history of > 10 pack years 7.If on allergen‐specific immunotherapy, subjects must be on a maintenance dose and schedule for at least 2 months prior to screening visit. 8.If on theophylline or roflumilast, subjects must be on maintenance treatment for at least 12 months prior to screening vi
 Cost-effectiveness of roflumilast as add-on to triple inhaled therapy versus triple inhaled therapy in patients with severe and very severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease associated with chronic bronchitis in the UK;  OBJECTIVES: To assess the cost‐effectiveness of roflumilast (ROF) added to triple inhaled therapy (ICS+LABA+LAMA) versus ICS+LABA+LAMA alone in UK patients with severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), chronic bronchitis and >2 moderate or severe COPD exacerbations in the past year. Data used were from the phase 3b/4 clinical trial REACT's (NCT01329029) valid cases set, as a proportion of REACT patients did not meet the licence criteria for ROF. METHODS: An Excel‐based cohort state transition (Markov) model estimated total costs and outcomes over 40 years from a UK National Health Service and Personal Social Services perspective. The model has three GOLD‐based states: severe COPD, very severe COPD, and death. All patients enter in the severe state and there is an irreversible transition from severe to very severe COPD. Background rates of moderate and severe exacerbations were estimated with negative binomial regressions adjusting for disease severity and treatment in the trial sub‐population treated with triple therapy. Published health‐related quality of life weights were applied to health states and exacerbations to generate quality‐adjusted life years (QALYs). List prices for drugs were used. RESULTS: ROF reduced the annual rate of exacerbations (moderate or severe) compared with ICS+LABA+LAMA alone (rate ratio [RR]: 0.80, p=0.0117). There was a greater reduction in rates of severe (RR: 0.66; p=0.003) than moderate (RR: 0.89; p=0.247) exacerbations. ROF treatment resulted in the avoidance of >1 severe and 0.6 moderate exacerbations per patient. Approximate incremental gains for ROF were 0.17 QALYs at £2996 per patient (probabilistic cost per QALY: £17,855/QALY), with a 70% probability of being cost‐effective at a £20,000/QALY threshold. ROF remained cost‐effective under several different sensitivity analyses, and also had favorable cost‐effectiveness when evaluated in patients with very severe COPD. CONCLUSIONS: ROF as add‐on to ICS+LABA+LAMA is cost‐effective for patients with severe COPD and frequent exacerbations.
 Effect of budesonide formoterol combined with tiotropium bromide on pulmonary function and inflammatory factors in patients with asthma-COPD overlap syndrome;  Objective: To investigate the clinical efficacy of combining budesonide formoterol with tiotropium bromide for treating asthma–chronic obstructive pulmonary disease overlap syndrome (AOCS). Methods: The data of 104 patients with AOCS admitted to our hospital from December 2019 to December 2020 were assessed, randomly and divided into an experimental group (comprising 52 patients, receiving drug combination therapy) and a conventional group (comprising 52 patients, receiving drug therapy alone). Patients’ clinical efficacy, pulmonary function, fractioned exhaled nitric oxide (FeNO), immune function, endothelial function, serum lipid peroxidation injury indexes, adverse reactions, and quality of life scores were compared. Results: Prior to treatment, no significant differences were observed in various pulmonary function indicators, FeNO, immune function, endothelial function, and lipid peroxidation injury indexes between the two groups (P > 0.05). However, after treatment, all observation indexes in both groups improved to different levels, with the experimental group demonstrating significantly superior improvement, compared to the conventional group (P < 0.05). We also observed that adverse reactions in the experimental group were significantly lower than in the conventional group (P < 0.05). Conclusion: The combination of budesonide formoterol to tiotropium bromide in treating asthma–COPD overlap syndrome may significantly improve pulmonary function, endothelial function, and immune status of patients and encourage the recovery of serum lipid peroxidation injury; therefore, this may deserve widespread adoption and application.
 Evaluation of the efficacy and safety of QVA149 (110/50 µg o.d.) vs tiotropium (18 µg o.d.) + salmeterol/fluticasone propionate FDC (50/500 µg b.i.d.) in patients with moderate to severe COPD;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Ultibro Breezhaler Product Name: indacaterol maleate/glycopyrronium bromide Product Code: QVA149 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, hard capsule INN or Proposed INN: INDACATEROL MALEATE CAS Number: 753498‐25‐8 Current Sponsor code: QAB149 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 110‐ INN or Proposed INN: GLYCOPYRRONIUM BROMIDE CAS Number: 596‐51‐0 Current Sponsor code: NVA237 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, hard capsule Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Trade Name: Seretide Product Name: salmeterol/fluticasone Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder INN or Proposed INN: SALMETEROL CAS Number: 89365‐50‐4 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ INN or Proposed INN: FLUTICASONE CAS Number: 90566‐53‐3 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 500‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Trade Name: Spiriva Product Name: tiotropium Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, hard capsule INN or Proposed INN: TIOTROPIUM BROMIDE CAS Number: 411207‐31‐3 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 18‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, hard capsule Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) ; MedDRA version: 18.0 Level: LLT Classification code 10010952 Term: COPD System Organ Class: 100000004855 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To demonstrate the non‐inferiority of QVA149 (110/50 µg o.d.) on trough FEV1 vs. tiotropium (18 µg o.d.) + salmeterol/fluticasone propionate FDC (50/500 µg b.i.d.) after 26 weeks of treatment in moderate‐to‐severe COPD patients. Primary end point(s): Mean change from baseline in post‐dose trough FEV1 Secondary Objective: ‐ To evaluate the effect of QVA149 (110/50 µg o.d.) compared with tiotropium (18 µg o.d.) + salmeterol/fluticasone propionate FDC (50/500 µg b.i.d.) over 26 weeks of treatment in terms of Rate of moderate or severe COPD exacerbations.; ‐ To evaluate the effect of QVA149 compared with tiotropium + salmeterol/fluticasone propionate FDC on:; ‐ Trough FEV1 and FVC over 26 weeks ; ‐ Total score of the SGRQ‐C after 12 and 26 weeks ; ‐ Total score of the TDI after 12 and 26 weeks ; ‐ Mean use of rescue therapy (number of puffs/day) and the percentage of days without rescue therapy over 26 weeks.; ‐ To assess the safety of QVA149 vs. tiotropium + salmeterol/fluticasone propionate FDC over 26 weeks (particularly with regard to ECG, laboratory tests, vital signs and adverse events) and tolerability (discontinuation due to adverse events). Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: week 26 SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): ‐ Rate of moderate to severe COPD exacerbations requiring treatment with systemic glucocorticosteroids and/or antibiotics at 26 weeks ; ‐ Rate of moderate to severe COPD exacerbations requiring hospitalisation at 26 weeks ; ‐ Trough FEV1 and FVC at 26 weeks ; ‐ Total St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire score at 12 weeks and 26 weeks ; ‐ Total Transitional Dyspnea Index score at 12 weeks and 26 weeks ; ‐ Number of puffs of rescue medication at 26 weeks ; ‐ HPA axis function at 26 weeks ; ‐ Safety and tolerability at 26 weeks Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: week 12 and week 26 INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐ Patients who have signed Informed Consent Form prior to initiation of any study‐related procedure. ‐ Male and female adults aged = 40 years. ‐ Patients with moderate to severe airflow obstruction with stable COPD (Stage 2 or Stage 3)according to the 2014 GOLD Guidelines. ‐ Patients with a post‐bronchodilator FEV1 =40 and < 80% of the predicted normal value, and post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC <0.70 at run‐in Visit 101. (Post refers to 15 min after inhalation of 400 µg of salbutamol). ‐ Current or ex‐smokers who have a smoking history of at least 10 pack years (e.g. 10 pack years = 1 pack /day x 10 years, or ½ pack/day x 20 years). An ex‐smoker is defined as a patient who has not smoked for = 6 months at screening. ‐ Patients who are on triple treatment at least for the last 6 months (LAMA +LABA/ICS). Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects
 The effectiveness of single dose Ultibro by Breezhaler versus ipratropium/salbutamol by nebulizer;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Ultibro Breezhaler (indacaterol/glycopyrronium) Product Name: indacaterol maleate/glycopyrronium bromide Product Code: QVA149 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, hard capsule Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, hard capsule Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Trade Name: Combivent, salbutamol/ipratropium Product Name: ipratropium/salbutamol Pharmaceutical Form: Nebuliser liquid INN or Proposed INN: IPRATROPIUM BROMIDE CAS Number: 22254‐24‐6 INN or Proposed INN: SALBUTAMOL SULFATE CAS Number: 51022‐70‐9 Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation solution Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use CONDITION: COPD, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: ; Main Objective: To test our hypothesis that:; The combination of the two long‐acting bronchodilators indacaterol and glycopyrronium confers a superior improvement compared to nebulisation with ipratropium/salbutamol, as administered single dose in patients with stable state COPD.; ; Primary objective:; The combination of the two long‐acting bronchodilators indacaterol and glycopyrronium once daily confers a superior improvement in FEV1 as compared to nebulisation with ipratropium/salbutamol, both administered single dose in patients with stable state COPD.; ; ; ; Primary end point(s): Area under the curve (AUC) from 0 to 6 hours of FEV1 with indacaterol and glycopyrronium, compared to nebulisation with ipratropium/salbutamol.; ; Secondary Objective: Secondary objectives:; The combination of the two long‐acting bronchodilators indacaterol and glycopyrronium once daily confers a superior reduction in dyspnea, hyperinflation (IC), FEV1 onset of action and peak effect compared to nebulisation with ipratropium/salbutamol, both administered single dose in patients with stable state COPD.; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: from 0 to 6 hours SECONDARY OUTCOME: ; Secondary end point(s): 1. Change in Borg dyspnea score at 30 min: change in Borg score at other time points, and proportion of patients reaching the MCID at all time points (15, 30, 60, 120 240 and 360 min) (1); 2. Changes in level of hyperinflation (by IC measurement), and proportion of participants reaching a difference of 100 ml.; 3. Time to FEV1 increase of 100 ml; 4. Peak effect of FEV1 from 0 to 6 hours; 5. Time to peak of FEV1; 6. FEV1 at all other time points (15, 30, 60, 120 240 and 360 min); Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: See E.5.2 INCLUSION CRITERIA: In order to be eligible to participate in this study, a subject must meet all of the following criteria: 1. COPD, post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC < 70%; post‐br FEV1 < 80%pred 2. Active mastery of Dutch 3. Written informed consent Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range 40 F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range 40
 Randomized, double-blind, double-dummy, active-controlled, 4 period complete cross-over study to compare the effect on lung function of 6 weeks once daily treatment with orally inhaled tiotropium+olodaterol fixed dose combination delivered by the Respimat® inhaler vs. 6 weeks twice daily treatment with fluticasone propionate+salmeterol fixed dose combination delivered by the Accuhaler® in patients with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD);  INTERVENTION: Once daily inhalation of study medication with the Respimat inhaler and twice daily inhalation of the comparator with the Accuhaler (Diskus). 4 different treatment periods of 6 weeks each, separated by a washout period of 3 weeks. Studiemedication: tiotropium + olodaterol 2,5 mcg/5 mcg solution for inhalation, tiotropium + olodaterol 5 mcg/5 mcg solution for inhalation, fluticasone propionate+salmeterol 250 mcg/50 mcg, fluticasone propionate+salmeterol 500 mcg/50 mcg. Restrictions before randomization and during test days (see E4 ). CONDITION: ; chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ; COPD 10038716 PRIMARY OUTCOME: FEV1 AUC 0‐12h (L) response after 6 wks treatment; SECONDARY OUTCOME: FEV1 AUC 0‐24h (L) response after 6 wks treatment ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: Written informed consent; Diagnosis of COPD; Male or female patients, 40 years of age or older; Smoking or non‐smoker, smoking history of more than 10 pack years; Ability to perform requested procedures (spirometry, diary completion, inhalation of (study)medication.
 A 52-WEEK TREATMENT, MULTI-CENTER, RANDOMIZED, DOUBLEBLIND, DOUBLE DUMMY, PARALLEL-GROUP, ACTIVE CONTROLLED STUDY TO COMPARE THE EFFECT OF QVA149 (INDACATEROL MALEATE / GLYCOPYRRONIUM BROMIDE) WITH SALMETEROL/FLUTICASONE ON THE RATE OF EXACERBATIONS IN SUBJECTS WITH MODERATE TO VERY SEVERE COPD;  INTERVENTION: Patients will be assigned to one of the following 2 blinded treatment arms in a ratio of 1:1 1. QVA149 (110/50 &#956;g) once daily 2. Salmeterol/fluticasone (50/500&#956;g) b.i.d Patients, investigator staff, persons performing the assessments, and data analysts will remain blind to the identity of the treatment from the time of randomization until database lock, using the following methods: (1) Randomization data are kept strictly confidential until the time of unblinding, and will not be accessible by anyone involved in the study; (2) The identity of the treatments will be concealed by the use of investigational treatment that are identical in packaging, labeling, schedule of administration and appearance. A double‐dummy design is used because the identity of the study drugs cannot be disguised due to their different forms. Unblinding will only occur in the case of patient emergencies (see Section 5.5.9) and at the conclusion of the study. CONDITION: ‐J44 Other chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ; Other chronic obstructive pulmonary disease Other chronic obstructive pulmonary disease PRIMARY OUTCOME: NA; NAME OF THE RESULT: NA; USED MEASURING METHOD :NA; PERIOD OF TIME WHERE THE MEASUREMENT WILL BE CONDUCTED AND WHICH WILL ALLOW OBTAINING THE PRIMARY RESULT: NA SECONDARY OUTCOME: NA ; NAME OF THE RESULT: NA ; USED MEASURING METHOD :NA ; PERIOD OF TIME WHERE THE MEASUREMENT WILL BE CONDUCTED AND WHICH WILL ALLOW OBTAINING THE SECONDARY RESULT: NA INCLUSION CRITERIA: Written informed consent must be obtained before any assessment is performed. 2. Male or female adults aged ≥40 years. 3. Patients with stable COPD according to the current GOLD strategy (GOLD 2011). 4. Current or ex‐smokers who have a smoking history of at least 10 pack years. (Ten packyears are defined as 20 cigarettes a day for 10 years, or 10 cigarettes a day for 20 years). 5. Patients with a post‐bronchodilator FEV1 ≥25 and < 60% of the predicted normal value, and post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC < 0.70 at Visit 101 (day ‐28). (Post refers to 1 h after sequential inhalation of 84 μg (or equivalent dose) of ipratropium bromide and 400 μg of salbutamol). 6. A documented history of at least 1 COPD exacerbation in the previous 12 months that required treatment with systemic glucocorticosteroids and/or antibiotics. 7. Patients taking stable COPD medication (at least 60 days) prior to Visit 101. 8. Pat
 A randomised, double-blind, cross-over study to evaluate the effect of 6 weeks treatment of orally inhaled tiotropium + olodaterol fixed dose combination (5/5 µg) compared with tiotropium (5 µg), both delivered by the Respimat® Inhaler, on breathlessness during the three minute Constant Speed Shuttle Test (3min CSST) in patients with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD);  INTERVENTION: Patients will recieve twice: _ Bronchodilator therapy; during 6 weeks a once daily inhalation of studymedication with the Respimat® Inhaler with one of the following treatments: 1. tiotropium + olodaterol (5 g/5 g) fixed dose combination inhalation solution 2. tiotropium (5 g) inhalation solution Patients will also undergo/ need to: ‐ Shuttle walk test (while wearing a mobile pulmonary equipment) ‐ Laboratory tests ‐ Completing several different patient questionnaires during study visits ‐ Spirometry and Body Plethysmography ‐ECG COPD trials Fixed dose combination Shuttle test Tiotropium/ olodaterol CONDITION: ; COPD (Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease 10038716 COPD (Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease PRIMARY OUTCOME: The primary objective of the study is to evaluate the effect of tiotropium + ; olodaterol FDC ; compared to tiotropium monotherapy on the intensity of breathlessness during ; the 3min CSST.; SECONDARY OUTCOME: A secondary objective is to explore the relationship between reductions in ; breathlessness during ; the 3min CSST and reductions in breathlessness during activities of everyday ; living as measured ; by the dyspnea domain of the Chronic Respiratory Questionnaire (CRQ) following ; bronchodilator therapy ; ; Secondary Endpoints include: ; Change from baseline in Inspiratory Capacity (IC) measured prior to ; exercise, after 6 weeks of treatment. ; Change from baseline in IC measured at the end of exercise, after 6 ; weeks of treatment ; Change from baseline in 1 hour post‐dose FEV1, after 6 weeks of ; treatment. ; Change from baseline in 1 hour post‐dose FVC, after 6 weeks of ; treatment. ; Change from baseline in intensity of Breathlessness (MBS‐S) at 1, 2 ; and 2.5 min during the 3min CSST after 6 weeks of treatment. ; Change in CRQ‐SAI dyspnea subscale score after 6 weeks of treatment. ; Change in CRQ‐SAS dyspnea subscale score after 6 weeks of ; treatment. ; None of the primary or secondary endpoints are safety issues. ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐ All patients must sign an informed consent consistent with International Conference on Harmonization ‐ Good Clinical Practice (ICH‐GCP) guidelines prior to participation in the trial, which includes medication washout and restrictions.;‐ All patients must have a diagnosis of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and must meet the following spirometric criteria:;Patients must have relatively stable airway obstruction with a post‐bronchodilator 30% <<= FEV1 <80% of predicted normal (ECSC); GOLD 2 ‐ 3, and a postbronchodilator FEV1/FVC <0.70 at visit 1.;‐ Male or female patients, between 40 and 75 years of age (inclusive) on day of signing informed consent.;‐ Patients must be current or ex‐smokers with a smoking history of more than 10 pack‐years. Patients who have never smoked cigarettes must be excluded.;‐ Patients with a score on the Baseline Dyspnea Inde X(BDI) < 8 at visit 0.;‐ Patients with hyperinflation at rest, defined as FRC > 120% predict
 An explorarory, 12 week, randomised, partially double-blinded, placebo-controlled parallel group trial to explore the effects of once daily treatments of orally inhaled tiotropium + olodaterol fixed dose combination or tiotropium (both delivered by Respimat® inhaler), supervised exercise training and behavior modification on exercise capacity and physical activity in patients with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD);  INTERVENTION: Bronchodilator therapy; during twelve weeks a once daily inhalation of studymedication with the Respimat® Inhaler with one of the following treatments: 1. tiotropium + olodaterol (5 *g/5 *g) fixed dose combination inhalation solution 2. tiotropium (5 *g) inhalation solution 3. placebo inhalation solution Patients will also undergo/ need to: ‐ Behavioural modification (group) sessions ‐ An exercise training program (pulmonay rehabilitation) of 8 weeks duration to improve exercise tolerance ‐ Spirometry ‐ (Shuttle) walk tests ‐ Laboratory tests ‐ completing an eDiary every night ‐ completing several different patient questionnaires during study visits CONDITION: ; chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ; COPD 10038716 PRIMARY OUTCOME: The primary endpoint is endurance time [sec] during ESWT to symptom limitation ; at walking speed corresponding to 85% of predicted maximum oxygen consumption ; (VO2 peak) after 8 weeks of pharmacological treatment and non‐pharmacological ; intervention. ; SECONDARY OUTCOME: ‐ Average daily walking time measured by the activity monitor in the week prior ; to Week 12. ; ‐ Average daily walking intensity measured by the activity monitor in the week ; prior to Week 12. ; ‐ Perceived difficulties as evaluated with FPI‐SF total score at Week 12. ; ‐ Endurance time during ESWT to symptom limitation at walking speed ; corresponding to 85% of predicted maximum oxygen consumption (VO2 peak) after ; 12 weeks of treatment. ; ‐ 1 hour post‐dose FEV1, after 8 weeks of treatment. ; ‐ 1 hour post‐dose FVC, after 8 weeks of treatment. ; ‐ Resting IC measured at 1.5 hours post *dose, after 8 weeks of treatment. ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐ All patients must sign an informed consent consistent with ICH‐GCP guidelines prior to participation in the trial, which includes medication washout and restrictions.;‐ All patients must have a diagnosis of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and must meet the following spirometric criteria:;Patients must have relatively stable airway obstruction with a post‐bronchodilator 30% <= forced expiratory volume in one second <80% of predicted normal; Global Initiative for Chronic Obstructive Lung DiseaseGlobal stage II ‐ III, and a post‐bronchodilator Tiffeneau inde X<70% at Visit 1.;‐ Male or female patients, aged <= 40 years and <= 75 years.;‐ Patients must be current or ex‐smokers with a smoking history of more than 10 pack years (see Appendi X10.3 for calculations). Patients who have never smoked cigarettes must be excluded.
 A 12-week study to evaluate the effect of the drug fluticasone furoate/vilanterol at the dose of 100/25 mcg Inhalation Powder delivered once daily via a Novel Dry Powder Inhaler (NDPI) on arterial stiffness compared with the drug Tiotropium bromide at the dose of 18 mcg delivered once daily via a HandiHaler in subjects with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD);  INTERVENTION: Product Name: Fluticasone Furoate/Vilanterol Product Code: GW685698/GW642444 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed INN or Proposed INN: FLUTICASONE FUROATE CAS Number: 397864‐44‐7 Current Sponsor code: GW685698 Other descriptive name: Fluticasone Furoate Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 100‐ INN or Proposed INN: vilanterol trifenatate CAS Number: 503070‐58‐4 Current Sponsor code: GW642444 Other descriptive name: vilanterol trifenatate Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 25‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Trade Name: SPIRIVA*30CPS 18MCG HANDIHALER Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, hard capsule INN or Proposed INN: TIOTROPIUM BROMIDE MONOHYDRATE CAS Number: 411207313 Other descriptive name: tiotropium bromide Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 18‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, hard capsule Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Trade Name: VENTOLIN*SOSP INAL 200D 100MCG Pharmaceutical Form: Pressurised inhalation, suspension INN or Proposed INN: SALBUTAMOL SULFATE CAS Number: 51022‐70‐9 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 100‐ CONDITION: Subjects with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) ; MedDRA version: 14.0 Level: LLT Classification code 10010952 Term: COPD System Organ Class: 10038738 ‐ Respiratory, thoracic and mediastinal disorders Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: The primary objective of the study is to evaluate the effect of FF/VI Inhalation Powder 100/25 mcg administered once daily (QD) compared with Tiotropium 18 mcg QD on arterial stiffness measured as aortic pulse wave velocity (aPWV) in subjects with COPD and aPWV â?¥ 12.0 m/s at baseline. Primary end point(s): The primary endpoint is change from baseline in aortic pulse wave velocity (aPWV) at the end of the 12‐week study treatment period. View protocol page 40 for further information. Secondary Objective: The secondary objectives of the study are to confirm the efficacy of FF/VI Inhalation Powder 100/25 mcg QD compared with Tiotropium 18 mcg QD in improving lung function in subjects with COPD and aPWVâ?¥12.0 m/s at baseline, and to further evaluate the safety in those subjects. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: At week 12 SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): Other Efficacy Endpoints: â?¢Change from baseline in morning clinic visit trough FEV1 (pre‐bronchodilator and pre‐dose) at the end of the 12‐week study treatment period, â?¢Change from baseline in morning clinic visit trough IC (pre‐bronchodilator and pre‐dose) at the end of the 12‐week study treatment period. Exploratory: â?¢Change from baseline in Central pulse pressure, â?¢Change from baseline in Augmentation Index (AIx), â?¢Change from baseline in Peripheral pulse pressure, â?¢COPD Assessment Test (CAT), â?¢EuroQol Questionnaire (EQ‐5D), â?¢St Georgeâ??s Respiratory Questionnaire‐C (SGRQ‐C), â?¢Healthcare resource utilization Safety: â?¢Incidence of Adverse Events (AEs),â?¢Change from baseline in pulse rate (PR) and mean arterial pressure (MAP) at the end of 12‐week treatment period, â?¢Oropharyngeal examination findings at the end of the 12‐week treatment period, â?¢Incidence of COPD exacerbations Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: At week 12 INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Type of subject: Outpatient 2. Informed consent: Subjects must give their signed and dated written informed consent to participate. 3. Gender: Male or female subjects A female is eligible to enter and participate in the study if she is of: Non‐child bearing potential OR Child bearing potential, has a negative pregnancy test at screening, and agrees to one of the acceptable contraceptive methods used consistently and correctly 4. Age: â?¥40 years of age at Screening (Visit 1) 5. COPD diagnosis: Subjects with a clinical history of COPD in accordance with the following definition by the American Thoracic Society (ATS) /European Respiratory Society(ERS) [Celli, 2004]: COPD is a preventable and treatable disease characterized by airflow limitation that is not fully reversible. The airflow limitation is usually progressive and is associated with an abnormal inflammatory response of the lungs to noxious particles or gases, primarily caused by cigarette smoking. Alth
 Study to compare umeclidinium/vilanterol compared with fluticasone propionate/salmeterol in COPD;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: Umeclidinium bromide/vilanterol Product Code: GSK573719/GW642444 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed INN or Proposed INN: Umeclidinium bromide CAS Number: 869113‐09‐7 Current Sponsor code: GSK573719 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 62.5‐ INN or Proposed INN: VILANTEROL CAS Number: 503068‐34‐6 Current Sponsor code: GW642444 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 25‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Trade Name: Seretide™ Product Name: fluticasone propionate/salmeterol Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed INN or Proposed INN: fluticasone propionate CAS Number: 80474‐14‐2 Other descriptive name: FLUTICASONE PROPIONATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 500‐ INN or Proposed INN: SALMETEROL CAS Number: 89365‐50‐4 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) ; MedDRA version: 14.1 Level: PT Classification code 10009033 Term: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease System Organ Class: 10038738 ‐ Respiratory, thoracic and mediastinal disorders Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: Compare the efficacy and safety of UMEC/VI Inhalation Powder (62.5/25mcg once daily) with fluticasone propionate/salmeterol (500/50mcg twice‐daily) over 12 weeks in subjects with COPD who have a history of infrequent COPD exacerbations Primary end point(s): 24‐hour weighted‐mean serial FEV1 Secondary Objective: Not applicable Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: On Treatment Day 84, the weighted mean is calculated from the pre‐dose FEV1 and post‐dose FEV1 measurements at 5 and 15 minutes and 1, 3, 6, 9, 12 (pre evening dose), 13, 15, 18, 23, and 24 hours after the morning dose. ; ; SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): Trough and Weighted Mean FEV1 ; Rescue salbutamol use (percentage of rescue‐free days and puffs/day) ; Proportion of subjects achieving an increase in FEV1 of =12% and =200mL above baseline ; Proportion of subjects achieving an increase of =100mL above baseline in trough FEV1 ; Peak and serial FEV1 ; Serial, trough and weighted mean FVC ; TDI focal score ; Incidence of adverse events (AEs) ; COPD exacerbations ; Vital signs ; EQ‐5D health outcome assessment ; COPD Assessment Test (CAT) ; St. George’s Respiratory Questionnaire for COPD patients (SGRQ‐C) ; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Weighted Mean FEV1 and FVC over 0‐6 hours post‐dose on Day 1 and day 84 ; Trough FEV1 and FVC at Day 28, Day 56, Day 84 and 85 ; Rescue salbutamol use ; Proportion of subjects achieving an increase in FEV1 of =12% and =200mL above baseline at any time during 0‐6 hours post‐dose on Treatment Day 1 ; Proportion of subjects achieving an increase of =100mL above baseline in trough FEV1 ; Peak FEV1 ; Serial FEV1 and FVC over 0 to 6 hours post‐dose on Day 1 and over 0 to 24 hours post‐dose on Day 84 ; Weighted mean FVC over 0‐24 hours post‐dose on Day 84 ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Type of subject: Outpatient 2. Informed Consent: A signed and dated written informed consent prior to study participation 3. Age: Subjects 40 years of age or older at Visit 1 4. Gender: Male or female subjects. A female is eligible to enter and participate in the study if she is of: Non‐child bearing potential (i.e. physiologically incapable of becoming pregnant, including any female who is post‐menopausal or surgically sterile). Surgically sterile females are defined as those with a documented hysterectomy and/or bilateral oophorectomy or tubal ligation. Post‐menopausal females are defined as being amenorrhoeic for greater than 1 year with an appropriate clinical profile, e.g. age appropriate, > 45 years, in the absence of hormone replacement therapy. OR Child bearing potential, has a negative pregnancy test at screening, and agrees to one of the following acceptable contraceptive methods used consistently and correctly (i.e. in accor
 Description of the ability to learn how to handle inhaler devices in COPD;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Ultibro® Breezhaler® 110/50 µg Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, hard capsule INN or Proposed INN: GLYCOPYRRONIUM BROMIDE CAS Number: 596‐51‐0 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ INN or Proposed INN: INDACATEROL CAS Number: 312753‐06‐3 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 110‐ Trade Name: Spiriva® Respimat® 2,5 µg Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation solution INN or Proposed INN: TIOTROPIUM BROMIDE CAS Number: 139404‐48‐1 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 2.5‐ Trade Name: Seretide® Diskus® 500/50 µg Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed INN or Proposed INN: SALMETEROL CAS Number: 89365‐50‐4 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ INN or Proposed INN: FLUTICASONE CAS Number: 90566‐53‐3 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 500‐ CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: The main objective of this study is to describe the handling of inhaler devices (indacaterol‐glycopyrronium Breezhaler®, tiotropium Respimat® and salmeterol‐fluticasone Diskus®) in patients with COPD. Primary end point(s): Critical errors from standardized checklist Secondary Objective: ‐ Describe, during the various recordings, for every inhalation system (indacaterol‐glycopyrronium Breezhaler®, tiotropium Respimat® and salmeterol‐fluticasone Diskus®) :; . The proportion of subjects presenting at least an error independent from the inhalation system,; . The proportion of subjects presenting at least a not major error,; . the time necessary mean for the treatment auto‐administration; ‐ Estimate the observance and the safety of use of every treatment,; ‐ Describe the evolution of the FEV1 in presence and in absence of critical errors for every treatment,; ‐ Estimate the perception of the efficiency and the satisfaction score of the patients for every treatment,; ‐ Estimate the preference of the patient between the 3 inhalers.; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 7 days after the use of every inhaler SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): ‐ Non critical errors from standardized checklist,; ‐ Non device‐dependant errors from standardized checklist,; ‐ Time necessary for drug administration,; ‐ FEV1 at baseline and at day 7,; ‐ Patient satisfaction and efficacy questionnaire,; ‐ Compliance,; ‐ Safety.; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 7 days after the use of every inhaler INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐ Male or female aged more than 40 years, ‐ Written informed consent, ‐ Diagnosis of COPD according to international guidelines (GOLD 2012), ‐ Social security or health insurance, ‐ Women of childbearing potential with a very effective contraception according to the HAS recommendations. Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range 30 F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range 30
 A MULTINATIONAL, MULTICENTRE, RANDOMISED, OPEN-LABEL, ACTIVE-CONTROLLED, 26-WEEK, 2-ARM, PARALLEL GROUP STUDY TO EVALUATE THE NON-INFERIORITY OF FIXED COMBINATION OF BECLOMETASONE DIPROPIONATE PLUS FORMOTEROL FUMARATE PLUS GLYCOPYRRONIUM BROMIDE ADMINISTERED VIA PMDI (CHF 5993) VERSUS FIXED COMBINATION OF FLUTICASONE FUROATE PLUS VILANTEROL ADMINISTERED VIA DPI (RELVAR*) PLUS TIOTROPIUM BROMIDE (SPIRIVA®) FOR THE TREATMENT OF PATIENTS WITH CHRONIC OBSTRUCTIVE PULMONARY DISEASE;  INTERVENTION: A 2‐week open‐label run‐in period under tiotropium followed by a 26‐week open‐label, randomised treatment period. Test product dose/route/regimen CHF 5993 pMDI: Fixed combination of beclometasone dipropionate 100 µg plus formoterol fumarate 6 µg plus glycopyrronium bromide 12.5 µg (BDP/FF/GB) administered via pressurised metered dose inhaler (pMDI). Dose regimen: BDP/FF/GB, 100/6/12.5 µg per inhalation, 2 inhalations bid (total daily dose: 400/24/50 µg). Administration: pressurised metered dose inhaler (pMDI). Reference product dose/route/regimen Relvar® + Spiriva®: Fixed combination of fluticasone furoate 100 µg/unit dose plus vilanterol 25 µg/unit dose administered once‐daily using Ellipta®, a dry powder inhaler (DPI) + Tiotropium bromide 18 µg inhalation powder, hard capsule, one capsule once daily. Dose regimen: fluticasone furoate / vilanterol, 100/25 µg per inhalation, 1 inhalation o.d. + Tiotropium bromide 18 µg per capsule, one capsule o.d. (total daily dose: 92/22 µg + 18 µg). Administration: ELLIPTA® (DPI) + HandiHaler® inhaler. CONDITION: ; COPD; airflow obstruction 10006436 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Change from baseline in the SGRQ total score at Week 26.; INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients must meet all of the following inclusion criteria to be eligible for enrolment into the study: 1. Male and female adults aged >= 40 years with written informed consent obtained prior to any study‐related procedure. 2. Patients with a diagnosis of COPD at least 12 months before the screening visit (according to GOLD document updated 2014). 3. Current smokers or ex‐smokers who quit smoking at least 6 months prior to screening visit, with a smoking history of at least 10 pack years [pack‐years = (number of cigarettes per day Xnumber of years)/20]. 4. A post‐bronchodilator FEV1 < 50% of the predicted normal value and a post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC < 0.7 at least 10‐15 min after 4 puffs (4 X100 µg) of salbutamol pMDI. If this criterion is not met at screening, the test can be repeated once before randomisation. 5. A documented history of at least one exacerbation in the 12 months preceding the screening visit. COPD exacerbation wil SECONDARY OUTCOME: Key secondary efficacy variable ; • SGRQ response (change from baseline in total score <= ‐4) at Week 26. ; • Change from baseline in the SGRQ total score at all the other clinic visits ; and in the domain scores at all clinic visits. ; • Change from baseline in pre‐dose morning FEV1 at all clinic visits. ; • FEV1 response (change from baseline in pre‐dose morning FEV1 >= 100 ml) at ; Week 26. ; • Change from baseline in pre‐dose morning FVC at all clinic visits. ; • Change from baseline to each inter‐visit period and the entire treatment ; period in the percentage of days without nocturnal awakenings due to COPD, in ; the average impact of night‐time COPD symptoms on sleep and in the average ; impact of night‐time COPD symptoms on patient*s ability to get up in the ; morning (impacts evaluated daily on a 7‐point Likert scale and averaged over ; inter‐visit periods). ; • Change from baseline to each inter‐visit period and the entire treatment ; period in the percentage of days without intake of rescue medication and in the ; average use of rescue medication (number of puffs/day), distinguishing by ; day‐time, night‐time and overall intake. ; • CAT score at the end of treatment ; • Rate of moderate and severe COPD exacerbation over 26 weeks of treatment. ; ; Health economic variables ; • EQ‐5D‐3L VAS score and EQ‐5D‐3L inde Xat all clinic visits ; • Number of hospital admissions due to COPD and other causes ; • Number of hospital days due to COPD and other causes ; • Number of days in ICU due to COPD and other causes ; • Number of emergency room visits due to COPD and other causes ; • Number of ambulance rides to hospital due to COPD and other causes ; • Number of unscheduled contacts due to COPD: ; o family practitioner ; o specialist outpatients setting ; o specialist hospital outpatients setting ; • Number of days with professional home assistance due to COPD ; • Number of days with family caregivers due to COPD ; • Number of days with oxygen therapy use due to COPD ; • Unplanned diagnostic or instrumental tests performed due to COPD ; • Lost productivity due to COPD (sick leave days from work, anticipated ; retirement) ; • Mortality. ; ; Safety Assessments ; • Adverse Events (AEs) and Adverse Drug Reactions (ADRs). ; • Vital signs (systolic and diastolic blood pressure, pulse rate) pre‐dose and ; 10 min post‐dose at each clinic visit ; • 12‐lead ECG parameters: heart rate (HR), QTcF, PR and QRS pre‐dose at the end ; of treatment ; • Standard Haematology and Blood Chemistry at the end of treatment. ;
 Clinical study to assess the effect of QVA149 on cardiac functions in COPD patients;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Ultibro Breezhaler Product Code: QVA149 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, hard capsule INN or Proposed INN: Indacaterol maleate CAS Number: 753498‐25‐8 Current Sponsor code: QAB149 Other descriptive name: INDACATEROL MALEATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 110‐ INN or Proposed INN: GLYCOPYRRONIUM BROMIDE CAS Number: 596‐51‐0 Current Sponsor code: NVA237 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, hard capsule Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use CONDITION: chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) ; MedDRA version: 19.0 Level: LLT Classification code 10010952 Term: COPD System Organ Class: 100000004855 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To determine the effect of once‐daily QVA149 (110/50 µg o.d.) compared with placebo on left ventricular enddiastolic volume as measured by MRI after 2 weeks of treatment in hyperinflated COPD patients.; ; Primary end point(s): The primary efficacy variable is the left ventricular enddiastolic volume assessed by MRI after 2 weeks of treatment. Secondary Objective: • To evaluate the effects of QVA149 compared to placebo on lung function parameters after 14 days of treatment, as measured by:; o Forced spirometry (75 min post‐dose); ‐ FEV1 and FVC; o Bodyplethysmography (60 min post‐dose):; ‐ inspiratory capacity (IC); ‐ total lung capacity (TLC); ‐ residual volume (RVol); ‐ specific airway resistance (sRaw); ‐ functional residual capacity (FRC); ; To evaluate the effects of QVA149 compared to placebo on cardiac parameters, as measured by MRI after 14 days of treatment:; o right and left ventricular ejection fraction; o right and left ventricular endsystolic volumes; o right ventricular enddiastolic volume; o cardiac output; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 14 days SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): All secondary endpoints (lung function‐ and other cardiac function parameters) will be analyzed analogous to the primary endpoint. Exploratory endpoints and Qol‐measurements will be analyzed descriptively. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 14 days INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Written informed consent must be obtained before any assessment is performed. 2. Male or female subjects, aged = 40 years, giving written Informed Consent and who are willing and capable to comply with all study procedures. 3. Patients with stable COPD according to the current GOLD guidelines (GOLD 2014). 4. Patients with airflow limitation indicated by a post‐bronchodilator FEV1 <80% of the predicted normal value and a post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FC<0.7 at Visit 3. Post‐bronchodilator refers to within 10‐15 min after inhalation of 400 µg (4x100 µg) of salbutamol. 5. Current or ex‐smokers who have a smoking history of at least 10 pack years. (Ten pack‐years are defined as 20 cigarettes a day for 10 years, or 10 cigarettes a day for 20 years etc.) 6. Hyperinflated patients with RVol>135% predicted as measured at Visit 3, before intake of salbutamol. Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2
 A RANDOMISED, DOUBLE-BLIND, DOUBLE-DUMMY, ACTIVE-CONTROLLED STUDY EVALUATING THE EFFICACY, SAFETY AND TOLERABILITY OF TWICE-DAILY ACLIDINIUM BROMIDE /FORMOTEROL FUMARATE COMPARED WITH TWICE-DAILY SALMETEROL/FLUTICASONE PROPIONATE FOR 24-WEEKS TREATMENT IN SYMPTOMATIC PATIENTS WITH CHRONIC OBSTRUCTIVE PULMONARY DISEASE (COPD);  INTERVENTION: Treatment with study medication instead of the patients usual treatment. CONDITION: ; Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease; COPD 10006436 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Peak‐FEV1 (Forced Expiratory Volume in one second) in week 24; SECONDARY OUTCOME: TDI‐focal (Transition Dyspnoea Index) score in week 24 ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: For inclusion and randomisation in the trial, patients must meet each of the following criteria at Screening Visit (Visit 1) and at Visit 2 prior to randomisation. 1. Adult male or non‐pregnant, non‐lactating female aged * 40. Women of childbearing potential will follow specific study requirements. Explanatory note: A female is considered to be of childbearing potential unless she has had a hysterectomy, is at least one year post‐menopausal or has undergone tubal ligation. Women of childbearing potential are allowed to enter the trial if they show to have a negative serum pregnancy test at the Screening Visit (Visit 1) and are using, during the last two months before the Screening Visit, at least one medically approved and highly effective method of birth control defined as those which result in a low failure rate (i.e less than 1% per year) when used consistently and correctly such as implants, injectables, oral contraceptives c
 A PHASE III, 52 WEEK, RANDOMIZED, DOUBLE-BLIND, 3-ARM PARALLEL GROUP STUDY, COMPARING THE EFFICACY, SAFETY AND TOLERABILITY OF THE FIXED DOSE TRIPLE COMBINATION FF/UMEC/VI WITH THE FIXED DOSE DUAL COMBINATIONS OF FF/VI AND UMEC/VI, ALL ADMINISTERED ONCE-DAILY IN THE MORNING VIA A DRY POWDER INHALER IN SUBJECTS WITH CHRONIC OBSTRUCTIVE PULMONARY DISEASE;  INTERVENTION: Following the run‐in period, eligible subjects will be randomized (2:2:1) to one of the following double‐blind treatment groups: • Fluticasone Furoate (FF)/Umeclidinium (UMEC)/Vilanterol (VI) 100mcg/62.5mcg/25mcg QD via DPI • FF/VI 100mcg/25mcg QD via DPI • UMEC/VI 62.5mcg/25mcg QD via DPI CONDITION: ‐J44 Other chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ; Other chronic obstructive pulmonary disease Other chronic obstructive pulmonary disease PRIMARY OUTCOME: • Annual rate of on‐treatment moderate and severe exacerbations comparing FF/UMEC/VI with UMEC/VI ; • Annual rate of on‐treatment moderate and severe exacerbations comparing FF/UMEC/VI with FF/VI; NAME OF THE RESULT: • Annual rate of on‐treatment moderate and severe exacerbations comparing FF/UMEC/VI with UMEC/VI ; • Annual rate of on‐treatment moderate and severe exacerbations comparing FF/UMEC/VI with FF/VI; USED MEASURING METHOD :Potential COPD exacerbations will be identified based on symptoms reported via the eDiary (triggering contact with the investigator for review via phone contact or at a clinic visit) and the Investigator’s judgment.; If the subject experiences a moderate or severe exacerbation, every effort should be made to complete the following assessments within 48 hours of the exacerbation:; • Chest X‐ray ; • Pulse oximetry; PERIOD OF TIME WHERE THE MEASUREMENT WILL BE CONDUCTED AND WHICH WILL ALLOW OBTAINING THE PRIMARY RESULT: NA SECONDARY OUTCOME: • Change from baseline trough FEV1 at Week 52 comparing FF/UMEC/VI with FF/VI ; • Change from baseline SGRQ Total Score at Week 52 comparing FF/UMEC/VI with FF/VI ; • Time to first on‐treatment moderate or severe exacerbation comparing FF/UMEC/VI with FF/VI and with UMEC/VI ; NAME OF THE RESULT: • Change from baseline trough FEV1 at Week 52 comparing FF/UMEC/VI with FF/VI ; • Change from baseline SGRQ Total Score at Week 52 comparing FF/UMEC/VI with FF/VI ; • Time to first on‐treatment moderate or severe exacerbation comparing FF/UMEC/VI with FF/VI and with UMEC/VI ; USED MEASURING METHOD :Spirometry ; PERIOD OF TIME WHERE THE MEASUREMENT WILL BE CONDUCTED AND WHICH WILL ALLOW OBTAINING THE SECONDARY RESULT: NA INCLUSION CRITERIA: Subjects eligible for enrolment in the study must meet all of the following criteria: 1. Informed Consent: A signed and dated written informed consent prior to study participation. 2. Type of subject: Outpatient. 3. Age: Subjects 40 years of age or older at Visit 1. 4. Gender: Male or female subjects. 5. COPD Diagnosis: An established clinical history of COPD in accordance with the definition by the American Thoracic Society/European Respiratory Society. 6. Smoking History: Current or former cigarette smokers with a history of cigarette smoking of >=10 pack‐years at screening (visit 1) [number of pack years = (number of cigarettes per day / 20) x number of years smoked (e.g., 20 cigarettes per day for 10 years, or 10 cigarettes per day for 20 years)]. Previous smokers are defined as those who have stopped smoking for at least 6 months prior to Visit 1. Note: Pipe and/or cigar use cannot be used to calculate pack‐year history 7. Seve
 A Randomized, Double-blind, Two Treatment, Two Period, Chronic dosing (4 weeks), Crossover, Multi-center Pilot study to evaluate the effects of Budesonide/Glycopyrronium/Formoterol Fumarate and Glycopyrronium/Formoterol Fumarate on Specific Image based Airway Volumes and Resistance in Subjects with Moderate to Severe Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease;  INTERVENTION: Experimental: BGF‐GFF Subject first treated with Budesonide/Glycopyrronium/Formoterol Fumarate followed by a washout period then treated with Glycopyrronium/Formoterol Fumarate Interventions: Combination Product: BGF Combination Product: GFF Experimental: GFF‐BGF Subject first treated with Glycopyrronium/Formoterol Fumarate followed by a washout period then treated with Budesonide/Glycopyrronium/Formoterol Fumarate Interventions: Combination Product: BGF Combination Product: GFF CONDITION: ; COPD ; lung disease 10038716 PRIMARY OUTCOME: To assess the effects of BGF and GFF on specific image‐based airway volumes and ; resistance in subjects with moderate to severe COPD following chronic ; twice‐daily (BID) dosing after approximately four weeks of treatment; SECONDARY OUTCOME: To assess the effects of BGF and GFF on various Functional Respiratory Imaging ; (FRI) parameters ; ; To assess the effects of BGF and GFF on lung function parameters ; ; To assess the effects of BGF and GFF on body plethysmography parameters ; ; To assess the safety of BGF and GFF through incidence of Adverse events (AEs), ; serious adverse events (SAEs), adverse events leading to treatment ; discontinuation (DAEs) ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐ Subject must be 40 years to *80 years of age inclusive, at the time of signing the informed consent form at Visit 1., ‐ COPD Diagnosis: Subjects with an established clinical history of COPD , ‐ Screening clinical laboratory tests must be acceptable to the Investigator., ‐ Screening ECG must be acceptable to the Investigator, ‐ Individual Compliance: Subjects must be willing to remain at the study center as required per protocol to complete all visit assessments, ‐ Patients should be on scheduled maintenance treatment with one or more inhaled bronchodilator therapies.
 Efficacy, Tolerability and Safety of NVA237 in Patients With Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease;  This study will assess the efficacy, tolerability and safety of NVA237 compared to tiotropium when added on to fluticasone/salmeterol in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
 A RANDOMISED, DOUBLE-BLIND, DOUBLE DUMMY, CHRONIC DOSING (56 WEEK) PLACEBO-CONTROLLED, PARALLEL GROUP, MULTICENTRE, PHASE III STUDY TO EVALUATE THE EFFICACY AND SAFETY OF 3 DOSES OF BENRALIZUMAB (MEDI-563) IN PATIENTS WITH MODERATE TO VERY SEVERE CHRONIC OBSTRUCTIVE PULMONARY DISEASE (COPD) WITH A HISTORY OF COPD EXACERBATIONS (TERRANOVA);  INTERVENTION: Benralizumab 20mg/ml, 30mg/ml, 100 mg/ml y placebo.Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP). Benralizumab and placebo administered in the study will be a clear to opalescent, colourless to yellow solution. Each study subject will receive two injections from two syringes with a fill volume of 1 ml and 0.5 ml respectively to achieve blinding in a double dummy fashion CONDITION: ‐J44 Other chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ; Other chronic obstructive pulmonary disease Other chronic obstructive pulmonary disease PRIMARY OUTCOME: The primary analysis of the primary and key secondary endpoints will include all data captured during the 56‐week treatment period, regardless of whether study treatment was prematurely discontinued, or delayed, and/or irrespective of protocol adherence.; NAME OF THE RESULT: COPD exacerbation rate; USED MEASURING METHOD :The primary efficacy variable is the annual COPD exacerbation rate and the primary analysis is to compare the annual COPD exacerbation rate of each benralizumab dose group with placebo in subjects with baseline blood eosinophil counts &#8805;300/&#956;L.; For each of the three benralizumab dose groups, the null hypothesis is that the exacerbation rate on benralizumab is equal to the exacerbation rate on placebo. The alternative hypothesis is that the exacerbation rate on benralizumab is not equal to the exacerbation rate on placebo; ; PERIOD OF TIME WHERE THE MEASUREMENT WILL BE CONDUCTED AND WHICH WILL ALLOW OBTAINING THE PRIMARY RESULT: 56 week SECONDARY OUTCOME: &#61485;All the secondary efficacy endpoints will be analyzed in subjects with baseline blood eosinophil counts &#8805;300/&#956;L. In addition, the exacerbation rate and the two key secondary endpoints will also be summarized in subjects with baseline blood eosinophil counts <300/&#956;L, <150/&#956;L, 150‐299/&#956;L, 300‐449/&#956;L, and &#8805;450/&#956;L separately for descriptive purpose only. ; NAME OF THE RESULT: &#61485; Change from baseline in pre‐dose/pre‐bronchodilator FEV1 at Week 56 ; &#61485; Change from baseline in SGRQ total score at Week 56 ; ; USED MEASURING METHOD :&#61485; Change from baseline in pre‐dose/pre‐bronchodilator FEV1 at Week 56 ; &#61485; Change from baseline in SGRQ total score at Week 56 ; ; PERIOD OF TIME WHERE THE MEASUREMENT WILL BE CONDUCTED AND WHICH WILL ALLOW OBTAINING THE SECONDARY RESULT: 56 week INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Provision of informed consent prior to any study specific procedures. 2. Female or male subjects aged 40‐85 years inclusive 3. History of moderate to very severe COPD with a post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC<0.70 and a post‐bronchodilator FEV1>20% and ≤65% of predicted normal value at screening (central spirometry will be used for this criteria assessment). 4. History of 2 or more moderate COPD exacerbations that required treatment with systemic corticosteroids and/or antibiotics, 5. mMRC score ≥1 at Visit 1 6. Subjects should have evidence of having been treated with double (ICS/LABA or LABA/LAMA) or triple (ICS/LABA/LAMA) therapy approved for COPD in a given country in the year prior to enrolment (Visit 1). Women of childbearing potential (WOCBP) must use a highly effective form of birth control (confirmed by the Investigator). 7. Male subjects who are sexually active must be surgically sterile at least one year prior to V
 Study to compare umeclidinium/vilanterol compared with fluticasone propionate/salmeterol in COPD;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: Umeclidinium/Vilanterol Product Code: GSK573719/GW642444 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed INN or Proposed INN: Umeclidinium CAS Number: 869113‐09‐7 Current Sponsor code: GSK573719 Other descriptive name: GSK573719 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 62.5‐ INN or Proposed INN: Vilanterol Trifenatate CAS Number: 503070‐58‐4 Current Sponsor code: GW642444 Other descriptive name: Vilanterol Trifenatate Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 25‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Trade Name: Advair Product Name: Fluticasone propionate/salmeterol Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed INN or Proposed INN: Fluticasone propionate Current Sponsor code: Fluticasone propionate Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 250‐ INN or Proposed INN: salmeterol Current Sponsor code: salmeterol Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) ; MedDRA version: 14.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10010952 Term: COPD System Organ Class: 100000004855 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: Compare the efficacy and safety of UMEC/VI Inhalation Powder (62.5/25mcg oncedaily) with fluticasone propionate/salmeterol (250/50mcg twice‐daily) over 12 weeks in subjects with COPD who have a history of infrequent COPD exacerbations Primary end point(s): 24‐hour weighted‐mean FEV1 Secondary Objective: N/A Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Treatment Day 84. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): Trough and Weighted Mean FEV1 ; Rescue salbutamol use (percentage of rescue‐free days and puffs/day) ; Proportion of subjects achieving an increase in FEV1 of ?12% and ?200mL above baseline ; Proportion of subjects achieving an increase of ?100mL above baseline in trough FEV1 ; Peak and serial FEV1 ; Serial, trough and weighted mean FVC ; TDI focal score ; inspiratory capacity ; Incidence of adverse events (AEs) ; COPD exacerbations ; Vital signs ; EQ‐5D health outcome assessment ; COPD Assessment Test (CAT) ; St. George’s Respiratory Questionnaire for COPD patients (SGRQ‐C) ; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Trough FEV1 on Day 85, defined as the mean of the FEV1 values obtained 23 and 24 hours after morning dosing on Day 84. ; Weighted Mean FEV1 over 0‐6 hours post‐dose on Day 1 Trough FEV1 at Day 28, Day 56, and Day 84 Rescue salbutamol use (percentage of rescue‐free days and puffs/day) Proportion of subjects achieving an increase in FEV1 of 12% and 200mL above baseline at any time during 0‐6 hours post‐dose on Treatment Day 1 ; Proportion of subjects achieving an increase of 100mL above baseline in trough FEV1 Peak FEV1 Serial FEV1 over 0 to 6 hours post‐dose on Day 1 Serial FEV1 over 0 to 24 hours post‐dose on Day 84 ; Serial FVC at Day 1 (0‐6 hours post‐dose) and Day 84 (0‐24 hours post‐dose) ; Trough FVC at Day 28, Day 56, Day 84 and Day. For further deatils refer to the protocol. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Subjects eligible for enrolment in the study must meet all of the following criteria: 1. Type of subject: Outpatient 2. Informed Consent: A signed and dated written informed consent prior to study participation 3. Age: Subjects 40 years of age or older at Visit 1 4. Gender: Male or female subjects. A female is eligible to enter and participate in the study if she is of: Non‐child bearing potential (i.e. physiologically incapable of becoming pregnant, ncluding any female who is post‐menopausal or surgically sterile). Surgically sterile females are defined as those with a documented hysterectomy and/or bilateral oophorectomy or tubal ligation. Post‐menopausal females are defined as being amenorrhoeic for greater than 1 year with an appropriate clinical profile, e.g. age appropriate, > 45 years, in the absence of hormone replacement therapy. OR Child bearing potential, has a negative pregnancy test at screening, and agrees to
 Efficacy and Safety Comparison of Steroid or Placebo in Combination With Salmeterol and Tiotropium in COPD;  This efficacy and safety study compares four different combinations of blinded inhaled steroid treatments on top of open‐label tiotropium and salmeterol in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). The primary objective is the effect on lung function parameters.
 Effect of QVA149 on lung volumes and exercise tolerance in COPD patients: the BRIGHT study;  INTRODUCTION: QVA149 is a novel, inhaled, once‐daily dual bronchodilator containing a fixed‐dose combination of the long‐acting β2‐agonist indacaterol and the long‐acting muscarinic antagonist glycopyrronium (NVA237), for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). This study evaluated the effects of QVA149 on exercise tolerance, hyperinflation, lung function and lung volumes versus placebo and tiotropium. METHODS: Patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD were randomized to QVA149 110/50 μg, placebo or tiotropium 18 μg once daily in a blinded, 3‐period crossover study for 3 weeks. The primary endpoint was exercise endurance time at Day 21 for QVA149 versus placebo. RESULTS: Eighty‐five patients were randomized; 86% completed the study. QVA149 significantly improved exercise endurance time at Day 21 compared with placebo (least squares mean treatment difference 60 s [p = 0.006]). No significant improvements in exercise endurance time at Day 21 between QVA149 and tiotropium were found. Dynamic inspiratory capacity (IC) at exercise isotime, trough forced expiratory volume in 1 s, residual volume and functional residual capacity showed significant improvements with QVA149 from Day 1 of treatment that were maintained throughout the study. The safety profiles were similar across groups. CONCLUSIONS: In patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD, once‐daily QVA149 significantly improved exercise endurance time compared with placebo which was associated with sustained reductions of lung hyperinflation as indicated by significant improvement in IC at rest and during exercise. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT01294787. TAKE HOME MESSAGE: Dual bronchodilation with QVA149 decreases lung hyperinflation and improves exercise tolerance and lung function in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD.
 Informing the pathway of copd treatment (the impact study): single inhaler triple therapy (FF/ UMEC/VI) versus dual bronchodilator therapy (UMEC/VI) in patients with COPD-costeffectiveness in the UK;  Introduction and objective Exacerbations associated with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) are costly and affect health related quality of life (HRQoL) for patients. An economic model was developed to estimate the cost‐effectiveness of once‐daily single‐inhaler triple‐therapy, fluticasone furoate/ umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) Trelegy®, 100 μg/ 62.5 μg/22 μg and dual therapy, umeclidinium/vilanterol (UMEC/VI) Anoro®, 55 μg/22 μg from a UK NHS perspective using results from the IMPACT study (NCT02164513). Patients and methods The model combines a decision tree for the within‐trial period (52 weeks) and a Markov model to predict lifetime costs and outcomes of FF/UMEC/VI compared with UMEC/VI. Risk equations for prediction of exacerbations (by severity of COPD) and FEV1 decline (based on exacerbation history) were derived using data from the TORCH study (NCT00268216). Baseline characteristics, efficacy and medication use were based on data from IMPACT. Direct costs, including drug acquisition costs were calculated using UK NHS reference costs and drug prices. Healthcare resource utilisation was based on published sources. Costs (2018 £) and health outcomes were discounted at 3.5% and modelled on a lifetime horizon. Sensitivity analyses were performed to evaluate the robustness of the model to variations in the underlying input parameters and assumptions. Results Patients treated with FF/UMEC/VI had fewer moderate and severe exacerbations, more life years gained, improved HRQoL and higher total costs compared with patients treated with UMEC/VI based on deterministic analyses (table 1). The incremental cost‐effectiveness ratio (ICER) was £7451 per QALY gained. Sensitivity analyses identified that results were most sensitive to drug acquisition cost, utilities associated with moderate COPD and severe COPD, mortality risk in very severe COPD, and exacerbation rates. The ICERs ranged from £1110 to £13 793 per QALY. Probabilistic sensitivity analysis indicated a 73% chance that FF/UMEC/VI is cost‐effective versus UMEC/VI at a willingness to pay threshold of £20 000 per QALY. Funding GSK (study number HO‐17‐17596). ICON Health Economics received funding from GSK to conduct the study only. (Table Presented) .
 Umeclidinium bromide added onto fluticasone furoate/vilanterol in COPD – Study 1;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: Umeclidinium bromide (UMEC) Product Code: GSK573719 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed INN or Proposed INN: UMECLIDINIUM BROMIDE Current Sponsor code: GSK573719 Other descriptive name: GSK713719 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 62.5‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Product Name: Umeclidinium bromide (UMEC) Product Code: GSK573719 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed INN or Proposed INN: UMECLIDINIUM BROMIDE Current Sponsor code: GSK573719 Other descriptive name: GSK573719 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 125‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Trade Name: Breo Ellipta Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed INN or Proposed INN: FLUTICASONE FUROATE CAS Number: 397864‐44‐7 Current Sponsor code: GW685698 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 100‐ INN or Proposed INN: Vilanterol trifenatate CAS Number: 503070‐58‐4 Current Sponsor code: GW642444 Other descriptive name: Vilanterol trifenatate Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 25‐ CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) ; MedDRA version: 17.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10010952 Term: COPD System Organ Class: 100000004855 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: The primary objective is to evaluate the efficacy and safety of the addition of UMEC 125 mcg to FF/VI 100/25 mcg once‐daily and the addition of UMEC 62.5 mcg to FF/VI 100/25 mcg once‐daily, compared with placebo plus FF/VI 100/25 once‐daily over 12; weeks in subjects with COPD. Primary end point(s): Trough Forced Expiratory Volume in one second (FEV1) on Day 85.; ; Trough FEV1 on Day 85 is defined as the mean of the FEV1 values obtained 23 and 24 hours after dosing on Day 84 (i.e., at Week 12). Baseline trough FEV1 is the mean of the two assessments made at ‐30 and ‐5 minutes pre‐dose on Treatment Day 1. Secondary Objective: The secondary objective is to evaluate the addition of UMEC 125 mcg to FF/VI 100/25mcg once‐daily and the addition of UMEC 62.5 mcg to FF/VI 100/25 mcg once‐daily, compared with placebo; plus FF/VI 100/25 once‐daily on COPD‐related health status; assessments over 12 weeks in subjects with COPD. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Day 85 SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): Weighted mean (WM) 0‐6 hour FEV1 obtained post‐dose on Day 84 (Week 12) Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Day 84 INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Type of subject: Outpatient. 2. Informed Consent: A signed and dated written informed consent prior to study participation. 3. Age: Subjects 40 years of age or older at Visit 1. 4. Gender: Male or female subjects. A female is eligible to enter and participate in the study if she is of: Non‐child bearing potential (i.e., physiologically incapable of becoming pregnant, including any female who is post‐menopausal or surgically sterile). Surgically sterile females are defined as those with a documented hysterectomy and/or bilateral oophorectomy or tubal ligation. Post‐menopausal females are defined as being amenorrhoeic for greater than 1 year with an appropriate clinical profile, e.g., age appropriate, > 45 years, in the absence of hormone replacement therapy. OR Child bearing potential, has a negative pregnancy test at screening, and agrees to one of the following acceptable contraceptive methods used consistently and correctly (
 Study to compare umeclidinium/vilanterol compared with fluticasone propionate/salmeterol in COPD;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: Umeclidinium/Vilanterol Product Code: GSK573719/GW642444 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed INN or Proposed INN: Umeclidinium Bromide CAS Number: 869113‐09‐7 Current Sponsor code: GSK573719 Other descriptive name: GSK573719 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 62.5‐ INN or Proposed INN: Vilanterol Trifenatate CAS Number: 503070‐58‐4 Current Sponsor code: GW642444 Other descriptive name: Vilanterol trifenatate Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 25‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Trade Name: Seretide Product Name: Fluticasone propionate/salmeterol Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed INN or Proposed INN: Fluticasone propionate CAS Number: 80474‐14‐2 Other descriptive name: FLUTICASONE PROPIONATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 250‐ INN or Proposed INN: SALMETEROL CAS Number: 89365‐50‐4 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) ; MedDRA version: 17.0 Level: LLT Classification code 10010952 Term: COPD System Organ Class: 100000004855 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: Primary Objective: ; ; Compare the efficacy and safety of UMEC/VI Inhalation Powder (62.5/25mcg oncedaily) with fluticasone propionate/salmeterol (250/50mcg twice‐daily) over 12 weeks in subjects with COPD who have a history of infrequent COPD exacerbations Primary end point(s): '24‐hour weighted mean serial FEV1on Treatment Day 84.' Secondary Objective: N/A Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 24‐hour weighted‐mean serial FEV1 on Treatment Day 84. This weighted mean is calculated from the pre‐dose FEV1 and post‐dose FEV1 measurements at 5 and 15 minutes and 1, 3, 6, 9, 12 (pre evening dose), 13, 15, 18, 23, and 24 hours after the morning dose. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): Trough and Weighted Mean FEV1 ; Rescue salbutamol use (percentage of rescue‐free days and puffs/day) ; Proportion of subjects achieving an increase in FEV1 of = 12% and =200mL above baseline Proportion of subjects achieving an increase of = 100mL above baseline in trough FEV1 ; Peak and serial FEV1 ; Serial, trough and weighted mean FVC ; TDI focal score ; Incidence of adverse events (AEs) ; COPD exacerbations ; Vital signs ; EQ‐5D health outcome assessment ; COPD Assessment Test (CAT) ; St. George’s Respiratory Questionnaire for COPD patients (SGRQ‐C) ; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Trough FEV1 on Day 85, defined as the mean of the FEV1 values obtained 23 and 24 hours after morning dosing on Day 84. ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: Subjects eligible for enrolment in the study must meet all of the following criteria: 1. Type of subject: Outpatient 2. Informed Consent: A signed and dated written informed consent prior to study participation 3. Age: Subjects 40 years of age or older at Visit 1 4. Gender: Male or female subjects. A female is eligible to enter and participate in the study if she is of: amenorrhoeic for greater than 1 year with an appropriate clinical profile, e.g. age appropriate, > 45 years, in the absence of hormone replacement therapy. OR ; Weighted Mean FEV1 over 0‐6 hours post‐dose on Day 1 Trough FEV1 at Day 28, Day 56, and Day 84 Rescue salbutamol use (percentage of rescue‐free days and puffs/day) Proportion of subjects achieving an increase in FEV1 of =12% and =200mL above baseline at any time during 0‐6 hours post‐dose on Treatment Day 1. Proportion of subjects achieving an increase of =100mL above baseline in trough FEV1 Peak FEV1 ; Serial FEV1 over 0 to 6 hours post‐dose on Day 1 Serial FEV1 over 0 to 24 hours post‐dose on Day 84 Serial FVC at Day 1 (0‐6 hours post‐dose) and Day 84 (0‐24 hours post‐dose) Trough FVC at Day 28, Day 56, Day 84 and Day 85 . For further details refer to the protocol. Non‐child bearing potential (i.e. physiologically incapable of becoming pregnant, including any female who is post‐menopausal or surgically sterile). Surgically sterile females are defined as those with a documented hysterectomy and/or bilateral oophorectomy or tubal ligation. Post‐menopausal females are defined as being Child bearing potential, has a negative pregnancy test at screening, and agrees to one of
 Dual-bronchodilation with once-daily QVA149 in patients with moderate-to-severe COPD: overview of the IGNITE program;  Introduction In patients with moderate‐to‐severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) whose symptoms are insufficiently controlled by monotherapy, current treatment strategies recommend the addition of a second bronchodilator with a different mechanism of action. Once‐daily QVA149 is a dual bronchodilator combining the long‐acting β2‐agonist indacaterol (IND) and long‐acting muscarinic antagonist glycopyrronium (GLY). The IGNITE program comprises a series of randomised controlled trials that investigate the efficacy and safety of QVA149 in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD. Methods This overview includes data from 4 multicentre, double‐bind, randomised controlled trials evaluating the effect of QVA149 110/50 μg versus IND 150 μg, GLY 50 μg, tiotropium (TIO) 18 μg (open‐label in the SHINE and SPARK studies; blinded in the BLAZE study), salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) 50/500 μg, and placebo (PBO) in patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD. Outcomes reported here are lung function, transitional dyspnoea index (TDI), health status (via the St George's Respiratory Questionnaire [SGRQ]), and exacerbations over 6 weeks (BLAZE), 26 weeks (SHINE, ILLUMINATE), and 64 weeks (SPARK). Results Data from 5138 patients were included in this overview. QVA149 provided statistically significant and clinically meaningful bronchodilation (p < 0.001) that was sustained throughout the treatment periods versus all comparators in all studies. QVA149 provided superior benefits versus TIO, SFC, and PBO with respect to TDI score in BLAZE and ILLUMINATE studies. At Week 64, QVA149 significantly improved SGRQ score (p≤0.001) and significantly lowered the rate of all exacerbations compared with GLY and TIO in the SPARK study (Table). In addition, QVA149 reduced the rate of all exacerbations by 31% and significantly delayed the time to first exacerbation versus SFC in the ILLUMINATE trial. Conclusion The results from the IGNITE trials demonstrate that superior improvements in lung function with once‐daily QVA149 translate into meaningful therapeutic outcomes for patients with COPD as demonstrated by improved lung function, dyspnoea, health status, and reduced exacerbations. (Table Presented).
 QVA149 once daily improves exercise tolerance and lung function in patients with moderate to severe COPD: the BRIGHT study;  Introduction QVA149 is a novel once‐daily fixed‐dose combination of the long‐acting β2‐agonist indacaterol and the long‐acting muscarinic antagonist glycopyrronium (NVA237) in development for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). The BRIGHT study evaluated the effects of QVA149 versus placebo and tiotropium on exercise tolerance and lung function in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD. Methods In a double‐blind, double‐dummy, 3‐period crossover study, patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD were randomised to QVA149 110/50 μg, placebo or tiotropium 18 μg once daily for 3 weeks. The primary endpoint was exercise endurance time for QVA149 versus placebo during a submaximal exercise tolerance test (SMETT) via cycle ergometry at Day 21. Dynamic inspiratory capacity (IC) at isotime during exercise, trough IC, trough FEV1 and trough forced vital capacity (FVC) were also measured. Results Eighty five patients were randomised; mean age was 62 years, mean post‐bronchodilator FEV1 56% predicted. 86% patients completed the study. At Day 21, QVA149 significantly improved exercise endurance time by 59.5 seconds versus placebo (p=0.006), which was of a similar magnitude to the improvement seen with tiotropium versus placebo (66.3 seconds; p=0.002). More patients stopped exercise due to dyspnoea with placebo (43% versus 36% with both QVA149 and tiotropium) and due to muscle fatigue with QVA149 and tiotropium (44‐46% versus 38% with placebo). QVA149 also produced significant and clinically meaningful improvements in trough FEV1, dynamic IC at exercise isotime, trough IC and trough FVC versus placebo and tiotropium Conclusion QVA149 once daily provided significant and clinically meaningful improvements in exercise tolerance and lung function in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD. Despite superior bronchodilation demonstrated by QVA149 versus tiotropium, improvements seen in exercise endurance were similar, perhaps due to extra‐pulmonary factors (muscle fatigue, ceiling effect). There were no safety concerns. (Table presented).
 Fluticasone Propionate/Salmeterol Combination 250/50 DISKUS in the Exercise Endurance Time in Patients With Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease;  We postulate that adding fluticasone propionate/salmeterol combination DISKUS 250/50 (FSC) to tiotropium (TIO) will improve exercise endurance time (EET) and its clinical and physiologic correlates, based on the combination of the three different mechanisms of action represented. We propose to test this hypothesis by comparing outcomes of exercise testing (Endurance Shuttle Walk Test; ESWT) with FSC added to TIO compared to those on TIO alone. The primary objective is to demonstrate that, when added to TIO, FSC significantly increases EET compared to TIO alone at Visit 6 (V6; week [wk]‐8) vs. V4 (wk‐3; the last ESWT before double‐blind drug). Secondary efficacy measures will be as follows. Exercise dyspnea scale (EDS), exercise inspiratory capacity (EIC) and cardio‐respiratory measurements (CRM) will involve V6 vs. V4 comparisons. Dyspnea related to activities of daily living (ADLs) will be assessed using the baseline dyspnea index and transition dyspnea index interviewer‐administered (BDI‐TDI), and quality of life will be assessed using the Chronic Respiratory Disease Questionnaire Self‐Administered Standardized (CRQ‐SAS). The BDI‐TDI and CRQ‐SAS will be based on comparisons of data from V6 vs. V5. We will also attempt to validate prospectively the minimal clinically‐important difference (MCID) for a change in the EET through correlation with dyspnea (Likert scale). Safety evaluations will include the type, incidence and severity of adverse events. This is a randomized, parallel‐group study totalling 6 visits. Screening is at or up to 6 wk prior to V1, and includes a discussion of study procedures, a review of inclusion/exclusion criteria, collection of informed written consent, adjustment of medications and determination of spirometry pre‐ and post‐albuterol/salbutamol. At V1, subjects meeting inclusion criteria will be enrolled, familiarized with the incremental shuttle walk test (ISWT), and given paper diaries. The run‐in will begin with the dispensing of open‐label medications at the end of V1. During the 4‐wk run‐in, subjects will have 3 visits (V2‐V4). Open‐label TIO will be taken daily beginning after V1, and open‐label relief inhaler (identical formulations called albuterol in the US and salbutamol in Canada) will be taken on an as‐needed basis beginning after V1. Open‐label medications will be withheld before V2, V3 and V4 (last dose of TIO, the morning of the day before the visit; last dose of albuterol/salbutamol, at least 6 hr before the start of the visit). At V2, subjects will be given open‐label TIO, will undergo ISWT 2.5‐hr post‐TIO, and will be familiarized with the ESWT. At V3 and V4, subjects will be given open‐label TIO, and will undergo ESWT 2.5‐hr post‐TIO. ESWT will be performed again at V4 only if the EET at V3 was ≤20 min. Subjects will be studied at V5 if the EET result from V4 is also ≤20 min and the EET from V3 and V4 vary from each other by ≤2 min; otherwise, subjects will be withdrawn. The ESWT from V4 will be used as the baseline EET for exercise‐related outcomes because it will be the last ESWT done before double‐blind study drug is given. All study visits will begin with a check‐up to determine eligibility for further study procedures. Details of the paper diary report will be reviewed after drug administration, V2 through V6. Immediately after review of the paper diary, BDI (at V5), TDI (at V6) and CRQ‐SAS (V5 and V6) will be undertaken, and the post‐dose study activities, as outlined above, will follow. Subjects at a subset of sites will undergo EIC and CRM during each ESWT using portable telemetric monitoring (Oxycon Mobile; CareFusion, San Diego, CA). Open‐label medications will be withheld before V5 and V6 (last dose of TIO the morning of the day before the visit; last dose of albuterol/salbutamol, at least 6 hr before the start of the visit). At V5, subjects will undergo spirometry, lung volumes and diffusing capacity, and will be randomized. Subjects will then be given open‐label TIO and double‐blind DISKUS study drug, and undergo spirometry and lung volumes 2 hr post‐TIO/double‐blind DISKUS study drug, and ESWT 2.5 hr post‐dose. Per randomization, subjects will receive for 4 wk after V5, open‐label TIO plus either FSC or placebo DISKUS. Double‐blind DISKUS study drug will be withheld before V6 (last dose the evening of the day before the visit). V6 will be the last study visit, consisting of spirometry and lung volumes, followed by open‐label TIO and double‐blind DISKUS study drug, spirometry and lung volumes 2 hr post‐dose, and the final ESWT 2.5 hr post‐dose. Final contact will be by telephone approximately 2 wk after V6 or Early Withdrawal. The total duration of the study will be 8 wk, including the 4 wk run‐in and the 4 wk period of double‐blind plus open‐label treatment. There will also be a screening period of up to 6 wk prior to V1, and the 2‐wk period after the final study visit for phone call follow‐up.
 Effect of tiotropium + olodaterol on breathlessness in COPD patients;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Spiolto Respimat 2.5 microgram/2.5 microgram, inhalation solution Product Name: Tiotropium 2.5 µg/Olodaterol 2.5µg Fixed dose combination Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation solution INN or Proposed INN: Tiotropium CAS Number: 186691‐13‐4 Other descriptive name: TIOTROPIUM Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 2.5‐ INN or Proposed INN: Olodaterol CAS Number: 868049‐49‐4 Other descriptive name: OLODATEROL Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 2.5‐ Trade Name: Spiriva Respimat 2.5 microgram, inhalation solution Product Name: Tiotropium 2.5 µg Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation solution INN or Proposed INN: Tiotropium CAS Number: 186691‐13‐4 Other descriptive name: TIOTROPIUM Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 2.5‐ CONDITION: Patients with moderate to severe Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease according to the GOLD guidelines. ; MedDRA version: 19.0 Level: LLT Classification code 10009026 Term: Chronic obstructive airways disease System Organ Class: 100000004855 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To evaluate the effect of tiotropium + olodaterol FDC compared to tiotropium monotherapy on the intensity of breathlessness during the 3 min CSST. Primary end point(s): 1: The change from baseline in intensity of breathlessness measured using the Modified Borg Scale (MBS‐S) at the end of the 3 minute Constant Speed Shuttle Test; Secondary Objective: To explore the relationship between reductions in breathlessness during the 3min CSST and reductions in breathlessness during activities of everyday living as measured by the dyspnea domain of the Chronic Respiratory Questionnaire (CRQ) following bronchodilator therapy. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 1: 6 weeks; SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): 1: Change from baseline in 1 hour post‐dose FEV1 ; ; 2: Change from baseline in 1 hour post‐dose FVC ; ; 3: Change from baseline in Inspiratory capacity (IC) measured prior to exercise ; ; 4: Change in Chronic Respiratory Questionnaire ‐ Self Administered Individualized (CRQ‐SAI) dyspnea domain score ; ; 5: Change from baseline in intensity of Breathlessness (MBS‐S) at 1min, 2min and 2.5min during the 3min CSST ; ; 6: Change in Chronic Respiratory Questionnaire ‐ Self Administered Standardized (CRQ‐SAS) dyspnea domain score ; ; 7: Change from baseline in IC measured at the end of exercise ; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 1: 6 weeks ; ; 2: 6 weeks ; ; 3: 6 weeks ; ; 4: 6 weeks ; ; 5: 6 weeks ; ; 6: 6 weeks ; ; 7: 6 weeks ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐ All patients must sign an informed consent consistent with International Conference on Harmonization ‐ Good Clinical Practice (ICH‐GCP) guidelines prior to participation in the trial, which includes medication washout and restrictions. ‐ All patients must have a diagnosis of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and must meet the following spirometric criteria: ‐ Male or female patients, between 40 and 75 years of age (inclusive) on day of signing informed consent. ‐ Patients must be current or ex‐smokers with a smoking history of more than 10 pack‐years. Patients who have never smoked cigarettes must be excluded. ‐ Patients with a score on the Baseline Dyspnea Index (BDI) < 8 at visit 0. ‐ Patients with hyperinflation at rest, defined as FRC > 120 Patients must have relatively stable airway obstruction with a post‐bronchodilator 30% <= FEV1 <80% of predicted normal (ECSC); GOLD 2 ‐ 3, and a postbronchodilator FEV1/FVC <0.70 at visit 1.
 The effect of tiotropium/olodaterol versus fluticasone propionate/salmeterol on left ventricular filling and lung hyperinflation in patients with COPD;  This exploratory, randomised, double‐blind, double‐dummy, multicentre, cross‐over study explored the effect of 6 weeks of treatment with tiotropium/olodaterol (T/O) versus fluticasone propionate/salmeterol (F/S) on left ventricular filling in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with functional residual capacity (FRC) >120% predicted and postbronchodilator improvement of FRC ≥7.5%. Overall, 76 patients were randomised across nine sites. Treatment with T/O or F/S increased left ventricular end‐diastolic volume index from baseline (adjusted mean change: T/O: 2.317 mL/m 2, F/S: 2.855 mL/m 2), with no statistically significant difference between treatments. However, T/O resulted in a significantly greater reduction in lung hyperinflation versus F/S (FRC plethysmography absolute change from baseline: F/S:‐0.329 L, T/O:‐0.581 L).
 Prospective randomised controlled trial to investigate the effectiveness of inhalers for the relief of breathlessness in patients with lung cancer and COPD - Airway disease optimisation of pharmaco-therapy in lung cancer;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: VentolinTM EvohalerTM Product Name: VentolinTM EvohalerTM. Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation vapour* Trade Name: SPIRIVA® 18 microgram, inhalation powder, hard capsule Product Name: SPIRIVA® 18 microgram, inhalation powder, hard capsule Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, hard capsule Trade Name: salmeterol xinafoate (as Seretide) Product Name: Salmeterol xinafoate Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed Trade Name: Seretide Accuhaler 50 microgarms (salmeterol)/500 micrograms (fluticasone)dose inhalation powder pre‐dispensed Product Name: Fluticasone propionate Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed CONDITION: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, lung cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To investigate whether optimisation of inhaler therapy in patients with lung cancer and co‐existing COPD improves breathlessness (an increase in the proportion of patients with COPD and Lung cancer who have an improvement in their their visual analogue scale for breathlessness) at 4 weeks compared to best supportive care. Primary end point(s): To investigate whether optimisation of inhaler therapy increases the proportion of patients who have a >/= 2 point change in their visual analogue scale (VAS) for dyspnoea (breathlessness) at 4 weeks compared to best supportive care. Secondary Objective: To investigate whether the optimisation of inhaler therapy in patients who have lung cancer and co‐existing COPD:; a. Improves the distance that they are able to walk in 6 minutes (6 minute walk test ‐ 6MWT)at 2 weeks and 4 weeks from commencing the inhalers;; b. Improves forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) at 2 weeks and 4 weeks from commencing inhalers. FEV1 is a measure of the ability of patients to breathe out (expiration). FEV1 can be used to determine the severity of COPD; c. Improve peak expiratory flow rate (PEFR) at 2 weeks and 4 weeks. PEFR is measure of the ability of patients to breath out fast.; d. Improves quality of life using (using a quality of life questionnaire)at 4 weeks;; e. Improves level of physical activity at 4 weeks (using a questionnaire) ; ; 2. To investigate and describe the relationship of breathlessness and COPD in patients with lung cancer.; 3. To investigate and describe any relationship between breathlessness and the position of the tumour in INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Male or female, age > 35 years 2. Diagnosis of lung cancer ( Non‐small cell lung cancer, Small cell lung cancer and mesothelioma) 3. Diagnosis of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) 4. Subjective dyspnoea (breathlessness) of VAS score >/= 4 Are the trial subjects under 18? Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range
 Effect of Indacaterol on Inspiratory Capacity (IC);  This study is being conducted to assess the effect of indacaterol (150 μg o.d.) on inspiratory capacity (IC), using placebo and open label tiotropium (18 μg o.d.) as comparators in patients with moderate chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). In particular, spirometric timepoints are included to elucidate the peak‐IC in a period of approximately 4 hour post inhalation
 TRIMBOW® and RELVAR® on Lung Stiffness Reduction Assessed Through Forced Oscillation Technique in Patients With COPD;  An open label, multicentre, randomised, 2‐way cross‐over exploratory clinical trial comparing a fixed combination of beclometasone dipropionate plus formoterol fumarate plus glycopyrronium administered via pMDI (TRIMBOW®) and a fixed combination of fluticasone furoate plus vilanterol administered via DPI (RELVAR® ELLIPTA®) on lung stiffness reduction assessed through area under the reactance curve (AX) using forced oscillation technique (FOT) in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
 A 12 week study to assess the efficacy and safety of switching from salmeterol/fluticasone to QVA149 in symptomatic COPD patients;  INTERVENTION: Intervention1: QVA149 : QVA149 (Indacaterol maleate & Glycopyrronium bromide) 110/50 Î¼g o.d. capsules for inhalation, supplied in blisters via a single dose dry powder inhaler (SDDPI) Total duration of therapy: 12 weeks Control Intervention1: Salmeterol/Fluticasone: Salmeterol/fluticasone 50/500 Î¼g b.i.d. dry inhalation powder delivered via AccuhalerÂ®/DiskusÂ® device Total duration of therapy: 12 weeks CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease PRIMARY OUTCOME: To demonstrate superiority of QVA149 110/50 Âµg o.d. compared to salmeterol/fluticasone 50/500 Âµg b.i.d. in trough pre‐dose FEV1 at week 12.‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 12 weeks SECONDARY OUTCOME: COPD symptoms at week 12 as measured by the COPD Assessment Test (CAT)‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 12 weeks FVC at week 12‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 12 weeks Safety and tolerability during the 12 week treatment period‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 12 weeks The mean number of puffs per day of rescue medication use, and percentage of days without rescue medication use over the 12 week treatment period‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 12 weeks Total score of TDI at week 12‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 12 weeks INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Written informed consent must be obtained before any assessment is performed. 2. Male and female â?¥ 40 years 3. Current or ex‐smokers who have a smoking history of at least 10 pack years (Ten pack years is defined as 20 cigarettes per day for 10 years or 10 cigarettes per day for 20 years). An ex‐smoker is defined as a patient who has not smoked for â?¥ 6 months at visit 1. 4. Confirmed diagnosis of COPD and post‐bronchodilator FEV1 â?¥ 30% and < 80% of the predicted normal value and post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC < 0.70 at visit 1 5. Treated with salmeterol/fluticasone 50/500 Î¼g b.i.d. for at least 3 months prior to visit 1 (Salmeterol/fluticasone 50/500 Î¼g b.i.d. treatment has been decided by the patientâ??s primary physician who has full discretion of the appropriateness of this treatment. This treatment decision has been taken outside the context of study and prior to the patientâ??s con
 Effects of indacaterol/glycopyrronium (QVA149) on lung hyperinflation and physical activity in patients with moderate to severe COPD: a randomised, placebo-controlled, crossover study (The MOVE Study);  BACKGROUND: Physical activity limitation is common in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), and is associated with worse health status, and increased hospitalisation and mortality. Long‐acting bronchodilators, either alone or in combination, have been shown to improve exercise intolerance. However, none of these studies were designed with physical activity as primary outcome. This study assessed the effect of indacaterol/glycopyrronium fixed dose combination (IND/GLY) 110/50 μg once daily (OD) versus placebo on lung hyperinflation (inspiratory capacity [IC]) and physical activity in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD. METHODS: In this multicentre, randomised, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled crossover study, patients received IND/GLY or placebo OD in two 21‐day treatment periods (14‐day washout between periods). Eligible patients were ≥40 years of age, current or ex‐smokers (smoking history ≥10 pack‐years), with post‐salbutamol forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1) 40‐80 % predicted, and FEV1:forced vital capacity <0.70. The co‐primary endpoints were peak IC after 21 days and average daily activity‐related energy expenditure. Key secondary endpoints were average number of steps per day and the duration of at least moderate activity per day. Peak IC and FEV1 on Day 1, and trough IC and FEV1 after 21 days were other secondary endpoints. RESULTS: A total of 194 patients were randomised (65.5 % male, mean age 62.8 years, mean FEV1 61.6 % predicted), with 183 (94.3 %) completing the study. Compared with placebo, IND/GLY significantly increased peak IC after 21 days (difference 202 mL, p < 0.0001), activity‐related energy expenditure (difference 36.7 kcal/day, p = 0.040), and the average number of steps per day (difference 358, p = 0.029), with a trend towards an improvement in the duration of at least moderate activity (difference 4.4 min, p = 0.264). IND/GLY was associated with statistically significant improvements versus placebo in peak IC and FEV1 on Day 1, and trough IC and FEV1 after 21 days. The incidence of treatment‐emergent adverse events was 22.8 % with IND/GLY and 22.9 % with placebo. CONCLUSIONS: In this study, compared with placebo, IND/GLY reduced hyperinflation, and, despite no patient education or lifestyle advice, improved daily physical activity levels. This suggests that IND/GLY has the potential to impact two of the main clinical concerns in the care of patients with COPD. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov number: NCT01996319 .
 Clinical study on yuxingcao injection combined with tiotropium bromide and salmeterol xinafoate and fluticasone propionate in treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  Objective: To explore the clinical curative effect of Yuxingcao Injection combined with tiotropium bromide and salmeterol xinafoate and fluticasone propionate in treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Methods: Patients (162 cases) with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in Yan'an University Affiliated Hospital from January 2013 to January 2016 enrolled in this study were randomly divided into control group (81 cases) and treatment group (81 cases). The patients in the control group were inhalation administered with Salmeterol Xinafoate and Fluticasone Propionate Powder for inhalation, 1 bubble/time, twice daily. And they were aerosol inhalation administered with Tiotropium Bromide Powder for inhalation, 1 grain/time, once daily. The patients in the treatment group were iv administered with Yuxingcao Injection on the basis of control group, 1 mL/kg added into 5%‐10% glucose injection. The patients in two groups were treated for 12 weeks. After treatment, the clinical efficacies were evaluated, and the changes of FEV1, FEV1/VC, FEV1%, CRP, TNF‐ alpha , WBC, PaO2, PaCO2, 6MWD, and dyspnea symptom scores in two groups before and after treatment were compared. Results: After treatment, the clinical efficacies in the control and treatment groups were 87.65% and 93.83%, respectively, and there were differences between two groups (P<0.05). After treatment, FEV1, FEV1/FVC, and FEV1% levels in two groups were significantly increased, and the difference was statistically significant in the same group (P<0.05). After treatment, the observational indexes in the treatment group were significantly higher than those in the control group, with significant difference between two groups (P<0.05). After treatment, CRP, WBC, and TNF‐ alpha in two groups were significantly decreased, and the difference was statistically significant in the same group (P<0.05). After treatment, the improvement of the indexes levels in the treatment group was better than those in the control group with significant difference between two groups (P<0.05). After treatment, pO2 and pCO2 in two groups were significantly improved (P<0.05). After treatment, the observational indexes in the treatment group were significantly better than those in the control group, with significant difference between two groups (P<0.05). After treatment, 6MWD and dyspnea symptom scores in two groups were significantly improved (P<0.05). And the improvement of these indexes levels in treatment group was better than those in the control group, with significant difference between two groups (P<0.05). Conclusion: Yuxingcao Injection combined with tiotropium bromide and salmeterol xinafoate and fluticasone propionate can effectively improve the lung function of patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, and relieve dyspnea symptoms, which has a certain clinical application value.
 Clinical observation of salmeterol xinafoate and fluticasone propionate combined with tiotropium bromide in treatment of acute exacerbation of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease;  Objective To investigate the therapeutic effect of salmeterol xinafoate and fluticasone propionate combined with tiotropium bromide in treatment of acute exacerbation of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Methods A total of 200 patients with acute exacerbation of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease admitted to Yulin Second Hospital from December 2018 to December 2019 were selected as the research subjects, and the patients were randomly divided into control group (n=66), observation group 1 (n=67) and observation group 2 (n=67) by random number grouping method. Patients in the control group were given Tiotropium Bromide Powder for Inhalation 18 μg on the basis of conventional treatment. Patients in the observation group 1 were given 1 mL Salbutamol Aerosol and 2 mL normal saline on the basis of control group, twice daily. Patients in the observation 2 groups were treated with Salmeterol Xinafoate and Fluticasone Propionate Powder for Inhalation on the basis of control group, 1 inhalation/time, twice daily. All patients in the 3 groups were evaluated after continuous treatment for 14 d. Clinical efficacy of three groups was observed, and lung function indexes and inflammatory factors before and after treatment in the three groups were compared. Results After treatment, the total effective rate of control group was 71.21%, observation group 1 was 85.07%, observation group 2 was 94.03%, observation group 2 was significantly higher than control group (P < 0.05). After treatment, the
 Superior lung function with once-daily QVA149 translates into improvements in patient-reported breathlessness compared with placebo and tiotropium in COPD patients: the BLAZE study;  Introduction QVA149, a novel once‐daily inhaled dual bronchodilator combining a fixed dose of the long‐acting β2 agonist indacaterol and the long‐acting muscarinic antagonist glycopyrronium, has demonstrated improvements in dyspnoea versus its mono‐components (indacaterol and glycopyrronium), tiotropium, and salmeterol/fluticasone using the interviewer‐based Transition Dyspnoea Index (TDI) questionnaire.1,2 The BLAZE study evaluated the effect of once‐daily QVA149 on patient‐reported dyspnoea versus placebo and blinded tiotropium in patients with moderate‐to‐severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Methods This was a 6 week, multicentre, randomised, blinded, double‐dummy, placebo‐controlled, 3‐period, cross‐over study. Patients aged ≥40 years with moderate‐to‐severe COPD, post‐bronchodilator forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) ≥30% and <80% of the predicted normal, and post‐bronchodilator FEV1/ forced vital capacity <0.7 were randomised to receive QVA149 110/50 μg (via the Breezhaler® device) or placebo (via the Breezhaler®/ HandiHaler® device) or blinded tiotropium 18 μg (via the HandiHaler® device). The primary objective of the study was to evaluate the superiority of QVA149 versus placebo in the improvement of patient‐reported dyspnoea as assessed by Self‐Administered Computerised (SAC) version of the Baseline Dyspnoea Index (BDI)/TDI after 6 weeks of treatment. Other objectives included; standardised FEV1 area under the curve from 0 to 4 hours post‐dose (AUC0‐4 h); rescue medication use; safety and tolerability. Results Of the 247 patients (mean age 62.8 years) randomised, 191 completed the study. The SAC TDI total score was significantly improved with QVA149 compared with placebo and tiotropium after 6 weeks (figure). FEV1 AUC 0‐4 h was significantly higher for QVA149 versus placebo and tiotropium at Day 1 and Week 6 (all p < 0.001). Rescue medication use was significantly lower with QVA149 versus placebo (p < 0.001) and tiotropium (p = 0.002). Incidence rate of adverse events was similar across all the treatment groups (QVA 149: 35.0%; tiotropium: 35.5%; placebo: 39.4%). Conclusion The BLAZE study provides evidence that the improved lung function with QVA149 translates into greater relief of breathlessness and improved patient‐reported outcomes. (Table Presented).
 Superior lung function with once-daily QVA149 translates into improvements in patient-reported breathlessness compared with placebo and tiotropium in COPD patients: the BLAZE study;  Introduction QVA149, a novel once‐daily inhaled dual bronchodilator combining a fixed dose of the long‐acting β2 agonist indacaterol and the long‐acting muscarinic antagonist glycopyrronium, has demonstrated improvements in dyspnoea versus its mono‐components (indacaterol and glycopyrronium), tiotropium, and salmeterol/fluticasone using the interviewer‐based Transition Dyspnoea Index (TDI) questionnaire.1,2 The BLAZE study evaluated the effect of once‐daily QVA149 on patient‐reported dyspnoea versus placebo and blinded tiotropium in patients with moderate‐to‐severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Methods This was a 6 week, multicentre, randomised, blinded, double‐dummy, placebo‐controlled, 3‐period, cross‐over study. Patients aged ≥40 years with moderate‐to‐severe COPD, post‐bronchodilator forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) ≥30% and <80% of the predicted normal, and post‐bronchodilator FEV1/ forced vital capacity <0.7 were randomised to receive QVA149 110/50 μg (via the Breezhaler® device) or placebo (via the Breezhaler®/ HandiHaler® device) or blinded tiotropium 18 μg (via the HandiHaler® device). The primary objective of the study was to evaluate the superiority of QVA149 versus placebo in the improvement of patient‐reported dyspnoea as assessed by Self‐Administered Computerised (SAC) version of the Baseline Dyspnoea Index (BDI)/TDI after 6 weeks of treatment. Other objectives included; standardised FEV1 area under the curve from 0 to 4 hours post‐dose (AUC0‐4 h); rescue medication use; safety and tolerability. Results Of the 247 patients (mean age 62.8 years) randomised, 191 completed the study. The SAC TDI total score was significantly improved with QVA149 compared with placebo and tiotropium after 6 weeks (figure). FEV1 AUC 0‐4 h was significantly higher for QVA149 versus placebo and tiotropium at Day 1 and Week 6 (all p < 0.001). Rescue medication use was significantly lower with QVA149 versus placebo (p < 0.001) and tiotropium (p = 0.002). Incidence rate of adverse events was similar across all the treatment groups (QVA 149: 35.0%; tiotropium: 35.5%; placebo: 39.4%). Conclusion The BLAZE study provides evidence that the improved lung function with QVA149 translates into greater relief of breathlessness and improved patient‐reported outcomes. (Table Presented).
 Correction: effect of PIFR-based optimised inhalation therapy in patients recovering from acute exacerbation of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: protocol of a prospective, multicentre, superiority, randomised controlled trial;  The authors want to alert readers to the following update in the published version. On page 3 the line “Spiriva HandiHaler (18 μg once a day) or Spiriva Respimat (2.5 μg once a day, Boehringer Ingelheim Pharma & Co KG) will be given in combination with ICS/LABA” has been corrected to “Spiriva HandiHaler (18 μg once a day) or Spiriva Respimat (2.5 μg twice a day, Boehringer Ingelheim Pharma & Co KG) will be given in combination with ICS/LABA.”
 In patients with more severe dyspnea, dual bronchodilation with once-daily QVA149 improves dyspnea, health status, and lung function compared with tiotropium and salmeterol/fluticasone combination: the ignite trials;  Rationale QVA149, a novel, oncedaily dual bronchodilator containing the longacting β2‐agonist, indacaterol and longacting muscarinic antagonist glycopyrronium, improves lung function, dyspnea, and health status compared with tiotropium 18 μg and salmeterol/fluticasone combination (SFC) 50/500 μg, in patients with moderatetosevere chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).1,2 The purpose of this analysis is to examine the efficacy of QVA149 110/50 μg in patients with more severe baseline dyspnea (grade B in GOLD) compared with tiotropium or SFC in terms of functional impairment and dyspnea (Transition Dyspnea Index [TDI]), health status, and lung function at Week 26. Methods The SHINE (N=2144) and ILLUMINATE (N=523) studies randomized patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD to placebo, indacaterol, glycopyrronium, tiotropium or QVA149 (SHINE); SFC or QVA149 (ILLUMINATE) for 26 weeks. In this analysis, symptomatic patients having a baseline dyspnea index (BDI) ≤7 were selected as a sub‐group of patients, representing those with moderate to very severe functional impairment and very severe dyspnea. In this sub‐group of patients, the average BDI score is less than 6. Previous studies have shown a BDI of 6 is comparable to a modified Medical Research Council (mMRC) dyspnea score >2.3,4 TDI, health status (St George's Respiratory Questionnaire [SGRQ]), and lung function (trough and pre‐dose forced expiratory volume in 1 second [FEV1]), at 26 weeks were evaluated. Results The baseline mean BDI in each treatment arm were comparable in both SHINE (indacaterol: 5.50, glycopyrronium: 5.44, tiotropium: 5.57, QVA149: 5.44) and ILLUMINATE (QVA149: 5.78, SFC: 5.85) studies. Improvements in TDI and SGRQ total score, and trough and pre‐dose FEV 1 were greater for QVA149 versus tiotropium or SFC at Week 26 (Table). Compared with SFC, the improvement in TDI exceeded the Conclusion In a subgroup of symptomatic patients (with a BDI ≤7) from SHINE and ILLUMINATE population, QVA149 110/50 μg provided greater improvements in functional impairment, dyspnea, heath status, and lung function in COPD patients with more severe dyspnea (GOLD grade B) compared with tiotropium 18 μg or SFC 50/500 μg. (Table Presented).
 A 24 week study (with an extension to 52 weeks in a proportion of subjects) to compare the safety and effectiveness of FF/UMEC/VI with budesonide/formoterol in subjects with COPD;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: Fluticasone Furoate/Umeclidinium/Vilanterol Product Code: GSK2834425 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder INN or Proposed INN: FLUTICASONE FUROATE CAS Number: 397864‐44‐7 Current Sponsor code: GW685698 Other descriptive name: Fluticasone Furoate Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 100‐ INN or Proposed INN: Umeclidinium CAS Number: 869113‐09‐7 Current Sponsor code: GSK573719 Other descriptive name: GSK573719A Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 62.5‐ INN or Proposed INN: Vilanterol Trifenatate CAS Number: 503068‐34‐6 Current Sponsor code: GW642444 Other descriptive name: GW642444M Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 25‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Trade Name: Symbicort Turbuhaler 400 micrograms/12 micrograms/inhalation, inhalation powder Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder INN or Proposed INN: BUDESONIDE CAS Number: 51333‐22‐3 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 400‐ INN or Proposed INN: FORMOTEROL FUMARATE CAS Number: 43229‐80‐7 Other descriptive name: FORMOTEROL FUMARATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 12‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease ; MedDRA version: 17.0 Level: PT Classification code 10009033 Term: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease System Organ Class: 10038738 ‐ Respiratory, thoracic and mediastinal disorders Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To evaluate the effects of FF/UMEC/VI on lung function and health related quality of life compared with budesonide/formoterol after 24 weeks of treatment Primary end point(s): ‐ Change from baseline in trough FEV1 at Week 24; ‐ Change from baseline in SGRQ total score at Week 24 Secondary Objective: ‐ To evaluate the effect on annual rate of exacerbations of FF/UMEC/VI compared to budesonide/formoterol; ; ‐ To evaluate the safety profile of FF/UMEC/VI compared to budesonide/formoterol over 24 weeks and 52 weeks of treatment Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: ‐ Change from baseline in trough FEV1 at 24 weeks: Visit 2 (Day 1) and Visit 6 (Week 24); ‐ Change from baseline in SGRQ total score at 24 weeks: Visit 2 (Day 1) and Visit 6 (Week 24) SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): ‐ Annual rate of on‐treatment moderate and/or severe COPD exacerbations ; ; ‐ Assessment of respiratory symptoms using EXACT Respiratory Symptoms PRO and its subscales (breathlessness, cough and sputum and chest symptoms) ; ; ‐ Transitional Dyspnea Index (TDI) focal score at Week 24 ; ; ‐ Daily Activity Question Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: ‐ Annual rate of on‐treatment moderate and/or severe COPD exacerbations: Visit 2 (Day 1) to Visit 6 (Week 24) or Visit 8 (Week 52)‐for the subset of subjects continuing for an additional 28 weeks or at Early Withdrawal. ; ‐ Transitional Dyspnea Index (TDI) focal score at 24 weeks: Visit 6 (24 weeks) ; ‐ Daily Activity Question: Daily from Visit 1 (Week 2) to Visit 6 (Week 24) or Visit 8 (Week 52)‐ for the subset of subjects continuing for an additional 28 weeks or at Early Withdrawal. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Subjects eligible for enrolment in the study must meet all of the following criteria: 1. Informed Consent: A signed and dated written informed consent prior to study participation. 2. Type of subject: Outpatient. 3. Age: Subjects 40 years of age or older at Screening (Visit 1). ; ‐ Assessment of respiratory symptoms using EXACT Respiratory Symptoms PRO and its subscales (breathlessness, cough and sputum and chest symptoms) : Daily from Visit 1 (Week 2) to Visit 6 (Week 24) or Visit 8 (Week 52)‐ for the subset of subjects continuing for an additional 28 weeks or at Early Withdrawal. 4. Gender: Male or female subjects. A female is eligible to enter and participate in the study if she is of: Non‐child bearing potential (i.e. physiologically incapable of becoming pregnant, including any female who is post‐menopausal or surgically sterile). Surgically sterile females are defined as those with a documented hysterectomy and/or bilateral oophorectomy or tubal ligation. Post‐menopausal females are defined as being amenorrhoeic for greater than 1 year with an appropriate clinical profile, e.g. age appropriate, > 45 years, in the absence of hormone replacement therapy. OR Child bearing potential, has a neg
 The effect of switching to single-inhaler triple combination in patients with COPD treated with single-inhaler dual combination;  INTERVENTION: One inhalation of a single‐inhaler triple combination (fluticasone furoate at a dose of 100 ug, umeclidinium at a dose of 62.5 ug, and vilanterol at a dose of 25 ug) a day continuation of dual combination CONDITION: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease PRIMARY OUTCOME: A change of FEV1 after 8 weeks SECONDARY OUTCOME: A change of symptom score, FVC, IC, respiratory impedance, FeNO after 8 weeks INCLUSION CRITERIA:
 The effect of the combination treatment with tiotropium and olodaterol compared to tiotropium on symptoms, respiratory functions and physical activity in maintenance naive Japanese patient with COPD;  INTERVENTION: Participants take Spiolto respimat(tiotropim bromide hydrate/olodaterol hydrochloride) or Spiriva respimat(tiotropium bromide hydrate) for 12 weeks. CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease PRIMARY OUTCOME: Forced expiratory volume 1 second at 12 weeks SECONDARY OUTCOME: Physical activity (measured by accelerometer); Quality of life (COPD assessment test); Inspiratory capacity; Symptoms (TDI score); Six minuites walk distance and Borg's scale INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) Patients who are over 40 years old and under 85 years old 2) male and female 3) COPD (FEV 1 / FVC <70%) diagnosis in respiratory function test after bronchodilator inhalation, and those with% FEV 1 <80% 4) Current smoker (10 pack‐years or more) or smoker (smoking history of 10 pack‐years or more, and quit smoking for over 1 year) 5) In the past 12 months, those who have not received periodic treatment for COPD Treatment for COPD refers to treatment with LABA, LAMA, ICS. ICS, LABA, tulobuterol patches should not be used for the past month. 6) Patients who obtained consent in writing about participation in this research
 The clinical efficacy of perioperative inhalation of budesonide/formoterol fumarate dehydrate for lung cancer patients with COPD;  INTERVENTION: Tiotropium inhalation once daily Tiotropium once daily with budesonide / formoterol combination drug 2 inhalation twice a day CONDITION: lung cancer patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease PRIMARY OUTCOME: Lung function SECONDARY OUTCOME: QOL and CT or MRI INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) Lung cancer patients with COPD(FEV1/FVC<70% in stage I‐III) 2) Patients who is scheduled for a standard surgery for lung cancer with clinical stage IA‐IIB.
 24-h bronchodilation and inspiratory capacity improvements with glycopyrrolate/formoterol fumarate via co-suspension delivery technology in COPD;  BACKGROUND: Symptoms of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease may vary throughout the day and it is important that therapeutic approaches provide 24‐h symptom control. We report the results of two phase IIIb crossover studies, PT003011 and PT003012, investigating the 24‐h lung function profile of GFF MDI (glycopyrrolate/formoterol fumarate 18/9.6 μg delivered using innovative co‐suspension delivery technology) administered twice daily. METHODS: Patients with moderate‐to‐very severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease received 4 weeks' treatment with each of GFF MDI, placebo MDI, and open‐label tiotropium (PT003011 only). Lung function was assessed over 24 h on day 29 of each treatment period. The primary outcome was forced expiratory volume in 1 second area under the curve from 0 to 24 h (FEV1AUC0‐24). Other outcomes included change from baseline in average daily rescue medication use over the treatment period. In addition, we conducted a post‐hoc analysis of data pooled from both studies to further characterize the effect of GFF MDI on inspiratory capacity. RESULTS: GFF MDI treatment significantly increased FEV1AUC0‐24 versus placebo in studies PT003011 (n = 75) and PT003012 (n = 35) on day 29 (both studies p < 0.0001), with similar improvements in FEV1AUC versus placebo for hours 0‐12 and 12‐24. In PT003011, improvements with GFF MDI versus tiotropium in FEV1AUC were greater during hours 12‐24 compared to 0‐12 h. GFF MDI treatment also resulted in a significant reduction in rescue medication use versus placebo (‐0.84 [p<0.0001] and ‐1.11 [p=0.0054] puffs/day in PT003011 and PT003012, respectively), and versus tiotropium in PT003011 (‐0.44 [p=0.017] puffs/day). A post‐hoc pooled analysis showed patients treated with GFF MDI were more likely to achieve a >15% increase from baseline in inspiratory capacity than patients treated with placebo or tiotropium (72.1%, 19.0% and 47.0% of patients, respectively after the evening dose on day 29). There were no significant safety/tolerability findings. CONCLUSIONS: GFF MDI significantly improved 24‐h lung function versus placebo in patients with moderate‐to‐very severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, with similar benefits in the second 12‐h period compared to the first, supporting twice‐daily dosing of GFF MDI. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Pearl Therapeutics, Inc.; www.clinicaltrials.gov ; NCT02347072 and NCT02347085 . Registered 21 January 2015.
 Study to assess the effects of a 3 week therapy each with QVA149 versus placebo on pulmonary function and average physical activity levels in patients with moderate to severe COPD;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: QVA149 Product Code: QVA149 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, hard capsule CAS Number: 753498‐25‐8 Current Sponsor code: QAB149 Other descriptive name: INDACATEROL MALEATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 110‐ INN or Proposed INN: GLYCOPYRRONIUM BROMIDE CAS Number: 596‐51‐0 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, hard capsule Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use CONDITION: chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) ; MedDRA version: 17.0 Level: LLT Classification code 10010952 Term: COPD System Organ Class: 100000004855 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: Primary objective:; ? To demonstrate that QVA149 (110/50 µg q.d.) is superior compared to placebo on peak inspiratory capacity (IC) after 21 days of treatment in patients with moderate to severe COPD.; ; Co‐primary objective:; ? To evaluate whether QVA149 is superior to placebo with respect to average physical activity level as defined by average daily activity‐related energy consumption [Kcal/day]. Primary end point(s): To demonstrate that QVA149 (110/50 µg q.d.) is superior compared to placebo on peak inspiratory capacity (IC) after 21 days of treatment in patients with moderate to severe COPD.; ; To evaluate whether QVA149 is superior to placebo with respect to average physical activity level as defined by average daily activity‐related energy consumption [Kcal/day]. Secondary Objective: ? To evaluate the effects QVA149 compared to placebo on the average number of steps per day; ? To evaluate the effects QVA149 compared to placebo on the duration of at least moderate activity per day; ? To demonstrate that QVA149 (110/50 µg o.d.) is superior compared to placebo on peak IC on day 1; ? To demonstrate that QVA149 (110/50 µg o.d.) is superior compared to placebo on trough IC after 21 days of treatment; ? To demonstrate that QVA149 (110/50 µg o.d.) is superior compared to placebo on peak FEV1 on day 1; ? To demonstrate that QVA149 (110/50 µg o.d.) is superior compared to placebo on trough FEV1 after 21 days of treatment Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 8 to 10 weeks SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): To evaluate the effects QVA149 compared to placebo on the average number of steps per day ; ? To evaluate the effects QVA149 compared to placebo on the duration of at least moderate activity per day ; ? To demonstrate that QVA149 (110/50 µg o.d.) is superior compared to placebo on peak IC on day 1 ; ? To demonstrate that QVA149 (110/50 µg o.d.) is superior compared to placebo on trough IC after 21 days of treatment ; ? To demonstrate that QVA149 (110/50 µg o.d.) is superior compared to placebo on peak FEV1 on day 1 ; ? To demonstrate that QVA149 (110/50 µg o.d.) is superior compared to placebo on trough FEV1 after 21 days of treatment Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 8 to 10 weeks INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Male and female adults aged =40 years. 2. Patients who have signed an Informed Consent Form prior to initiation of any study‐related procedure. 3. Patients with stable COPD according to the current GOLD guidelines (GOLD 2013). 4. Current or ex‐smokers who have a smoking history of at least 10 pack years (e.g. 10 pack years = 1 pack /day x 10 yrs, or ½ pack/day x 20 yrs). An ex‐smoker may be defined as a subject who has not smoked for = 6 months at screening. 5. Patients with airflow limitation indicated by a post‐bronchodilator FEV1 =40% and <80% of the predicted normal, and a post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC <0.70 at Visit 2. Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range 70 F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range 120
 Comparison of efficacy in pulmonary function of tiotropium / indacaterol and tiotropium / budesonide / formoterol in patients with COPD: multicenter study;  INTERVENTION: Add indacaterol on tiotropium treatment in COPD patients. Add budesonide / formoterol on tiotropium treatment in COPD patients. CONDITION: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) PRIMARY OUTCOME: Improvement in FEV1 at 24 hours post dose (trough) before and after 8 weeks treatment. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Improvements in the data of spirometry and IOS at 24 hours post dose (trough) before and after 8 weeks treatment.; ; CAT score, transition dyspnea index (TDI), MMRC; ; Exacerbations. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Smoking history of 10 pack‐years or more Diagnosis of moderate‐to‐severe COPD Post bronchodilator FEV1 <80% predicted normal Post‐bronchodilator FEV1 / FVC <70% Patients treated with tiotropium for more than 2 weeks
 Evaluation of short acting beta-agonist on selection of bronchodilators in newly diagnosed moderate-to-severe COPD patients;  INTERVENTION: Tiotropium Bromide group:Tiotropium Bromide ;Formoterol group:formoterol;Budesonide/Formoterol group:Budesonide/Formoterol ; CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease PRIMARY OUTCOME: increased FEV1 absolute value; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. patients who first diagnosed COPD with FEV1/FVC <70% and 30%<=FEV1%<80%predicted, 15min after bronchodilator Salbutamol 400ug inhalation;no respiratory failure; 2. age 40‐75 years old, no gender limitation; 3. patients know how to use inhalation equipment, and never used long‐term bronchodilator within 4 weeks; 4. no COPD exacerbation within 4 weeks; 5. voluntarily participated and signed informed consent.
 A Study to Evaluate the Effects of BGF and GFF on Specific Image Based Airway Volumes and Resistance in Subjects With Moderate to Severe COPD;  This is a randomised, controlled, two period cross‐over, 4 weeks chronic dosing, study to evaluate the effects of Budesonide/Glycopyrronium/Formoterol Fumarate (BGF), and Glycopyrronium/Formoterol Fumarate (GFF), on specific image based airway volumes and resistance in subjects with moderate to severe Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease. In this study, airway dimension parameters will be calculated for each of the active compounds. This imaging methodology will allow an assessment of the extent of airway changes using a triple combination of Budesonide/Glycopyrronium/Formoterol Fumarate (BGF) and the dual combination Glycopyrronium/Formoterol Fumarate (GFF).
 Maximising adherence and gaining new information for your COPD;  INTERVENTION: This is a pragmatic real‐life study which does not involve any study visits outside routine care. All patient contact and visits during the study will be part of routine COPD management at the patientsâ€™ own GP practice, in accordance with NICE recommendations which state that patients with mild/moderate/severe COPD should be reviewed at least once a year. The hypothesis is that patients at sites that have availability of adherence support technology together with the Ultibro inhaler, will demonstrate better clinical outcomes than patients at sites that continued their usual routine care without access to the adherence support technology. The researchers will use anonymised data extracted from 176 GP practicesâ€™ electronic health records to assess the study outcomes. Data will be extracted by Optimum Patient Care (OPC) who are an organization specialized in primary care data extraction. The study will be randomised on a practice‐level, which means that instead of randomising individual study participants, the researchers will randomise the participating sites. Randomization will be stratified according to practice size, deprivation score and the percentage of patients with COPD with a record of FEV1 in the preceding 12 months. Sites will be randomised in 1:1 ratio to the control arm or to the adherence support arm (ASA). As this study aims to collect real‐life data on the impact of Ultibro + adherence technology, sites in the control arm will continue to administer their usual routine care. Particularly for studies looking at real‐life impact, a cluster randomised study design can offer various benefits over a traditional randomised controlled trial (RCT) design, where individual patients (rather than sites or clusters) are randomised. Firstly, in a traditional RCT the same investigator is treating patients in both treatment groups. This can result in contamination. For example, in the case of this study, in a traditional RCT setting CONDITION: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) ; Respiratory SECONDARY OUTCOME: ; 1. Adherence, determined as Medication Possession Ratio (MPR) based on electronic medical record data at 12 months; 2. Proportion of patients with moderate/severe exacerbations, and total number of exacerbations at 12 months, based on electronic medical record data, where exacerbation is defined as requiring: an acute oral corticosteroid course prescription, antibiotics prescribed with evidence of a lower respiratory consultation at the same day, respiratory‐related hospital attendance or admission (based on GP medical record data), or respiratory‐related A&E/ER attendance (based on GP medical record data); ; PRIMARY OUTCOME: ; The primary endpoint is time to treatment failure. Data will be collected from electronic medical health records. Time to treatment failure is defined as the time (in whole days) from baseline to the first occurrence of:; 1. Moderate/severe COPD exacerbation, requiring: an acute oral corticosteroid course prescription, antibiotics prescribed with evidence of a lower respiratory consultation at the same day, respiratory‐related hospital attendance/admission (based on GP medical record data), or respiratory‐related A&E/ER attendance (based on GP medical record data); 2. Escalation of therapy to triple therapy (ICS/LABA/LAMA); 3. Prescription of additional chronic therapy for COPD (i.e. theophylline or other methylxanthines, maintenance oral corticosteroids, PDE4 inhibitors, macrolides (e.g. Azithromycin, Erythromycin), mucolytics (e.g. carbocysteine, N‐acetylcysteine), or any other respiratory medication prescribed for COPD); 4. Respiratory‐related death; INCLUSION CRITERIA: For a practice to be eligible for participation, the following criteria should be met: 1. Willing to receive OPC clinical audit and quality improvement services, including IT access for secure software installation and de‐identified data extraction 2. Willing to use adherence technology as part of clinical practice 3. At least 16 patients suitable for adherence technology support (see below) 4. A clinician (doctor, nurse, pharmacist, etc) willing to act as a practice lead 5. Prescribing or able to prescribe UltibroÂ® BreezehalerÂ® as a routine clinical care option i.e. inhaler compatible with the add‐on technology Patients suitable for adherence technology support: 1. Confirmed COPD diagnosis 2. Smoking history 3. At least 2 COPD exacerbations in the last 24 months
 Efficacy of budesonide/glycopyrronium/formoterol metered dose inhaler in patients with COPD: post-hoc analysis from the KRONOS study excluding patients with airway reversibility and high eosinophil counts;  Background: In the Phase III KRONOS study, triple therapy with budesonide/glycopyrronium/formoterol fumarate metered dose inhaler (BGF MDI) was shown to reduce exacerbations and improve lung function versus glycopyrronium/formoterol fumarate dihydrate (GFF) MDI in patients with moderate‐to‐very severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). However, whether the benefits related to the ICS component of BGF are driven by patients with high blood eosinophil counts (EOS) and/or airway reversibility has not been previously studied. Methods: KRONOS was a Phase III, double‐blind, parallel‐group, multicenter, randomized, controlled study of patients with moderate‐to‐very‐severe COPD. Patients were randomized 2:2:1:1 to receive BGF 320/14.4/10 μg, GFF 14.4/10 μg, budesonide/formoterol fumarate dihydrate (BFF) MDI 320/10 μg via a single Aerosphere inhaler, or open‐label budesonide/formoterol fumarate dihydrate dry powder inhaler 400/12 μg (BUD/FORM DPI; Symbicort Turbuhaler) twice‐daily for 24 weeks. Efficacy outcomes included in this post‐hoc analysis were change from baseline in morning pre‐dose trough FEV1 over weeks 12–24 and the rate of moderate‐to‐severe and severe COPD exacerbations. Adverse events in the non‐reversible subgroup are also reported. Results: Of 1896 patients analyzed, 948 (50%) were non‐reversible and had EOS < 300 cells/mm3. In this group, BGF significantly improved morning pre‐dose trough FEV1 versus BFF and BUD/FORM (least squares mean treatment difference, 95% confidence interval [CI] 69 mL [39, 99], unadjusted p < 0.0001 and 51 mL [20, 81], unadjusted p = 0.0011, respectively) and was comparable to GFF. BGF also significantly reduced annual moderate‐to‐severe exacerbation rates versus GFF (rate ratio [95% CI] 0.53 [0.37, 0.76], unadjusted p = 0.0005), with numerical reductions observed versus BFF and BUD/FORM. These results were similar for the overall study population. Safety findings were generally similar between non‐reversible patients with EOS < 300 cells/mm3 and the overall population. Conclusions: In patients with moderate‐to‐very‐severe COPD without airway reversibility and EOS < 300 cells/mm3, BGF significantly improved morning pre‐dose trough FEV1 versus BFF and BUD/FORM and significantly reduced the rate of moderate‐to‐severe exacerbations versus GFF. These findings demonstrate that BGF can provide benefits for a broad range of patients with COPD, and that the overall findings of the KRONOS primary analysis were not driven by patients with reversible airflow obstruction or high eosinophil counts. Trial registration ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT02497001. Registered 14 July 2015, https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02497001
 Prospective, multicenter, randomized controlled trial to evaluate the efficacy and safety of endobronchial valve replacement for heterogeneous emphysema;  INTERVENTION: treatment group:Endobronchial valve + optimal medical treatment;control group:optimal medical treatment;According to the Global Strategy for the Diagnosis, Treatment, and Prevention of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (GOLD) edition 2023, based on the patients condition and the doctor's judgment, the recommended medication for the stable period is as follows: 0 or 1 moderate acute exacerbation without hospitalization, A bronchodilator in group A, and LABA+LAMA* in group B; =2 moderate acute exacerbations or =1 acute exacerbations leading to hospitalization in group E LABA+LAMA* If EOS=300, LABA+LAMA+ICS* was considered.; CONDITION: Pulmonary emphysema PRIMARY OUTCOME: Forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) difference from baseline 6 months after surgery; SECONDARY OUTCOME: Forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) difference from baseline at 3 and 12 months after surgery;Difference in forced vital capacity (FVC) from baseline at 3, 6, and 12 months after surgery;Residual air volume (RV) difference from baseline at 3, 6, and 12 months after surgery;Difference in total lung volume (TLC) from baseline at 3, 6, and 12 months after surgery;Changes from baseline in the 6‐minute walking test (6MWT) at 3, 6, and 12 months after surgery;Changes in the modified dyspnea Inde X(mMRC) from baseline at 3, 6, and 12 months after surgery;Changes in the St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) from baseline at 3, 6, and 12 months after surgery;The change of lung volume from baseline at 6 months after the operation; INCLUSION CRITERIA: (1) Patients = 40 years of age =75 years of age, gender is not limited; (2) Patients clinically diagnosed with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD); (3) Heterogeneous emphysema was determined by HRCT examination, which was defined as: emphysema involved the target lung lobe =40%, and the difference from ipsilateral lobe =15%; (4) HRCT examination confirmed the integrity of target lobar interlobar fissure (cross section, coronal plane, sagittal plane) At least one face interlobar cleft integrity =90%); (5) Patients who meet the following measurement conditions: a. After inhaling bronchodilator, the measured value of forced expiratory volume (FEV1) in the first second is =15% The estimated value and =45% of the estimated value; b. Total lung volume (TLC) measured by plethysmography =100% of the predicted value; c. The measured residual gas (RV) value measured by plethysmography =150% of the expected value; (6) Patients with sta
 Anti-inflammatory effects of salmeterol/fluticasone, tiotropium/fluticasone or tiotropium in COPD;  The anti‐inflammatory effects of salmeterol/fluticasone (SFP), tiotropium/fluticasone (Tio+FP) and tiotropium (Tio) alone were investigated on the inflammatory cells and mediators in sputum induced from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease patients. Subjects were either newly diagnosed or had not taken any medication for 3 months prior to the study. Subjects (n = 99) were randomised (not double blinded) and received either SFP (100/1,000 microg daily), Tio+FP (18/1,000 microg daily) or Tio (18 microg daily) for 12 weeks. Induced sputum and serum C‐reactive protein (CRP) were analysed prior to and at the end of treatment. The results showed that treatment with SFP caused a significant reduction in interleukin (IL)‐8 and matrix metalloprotease (MMP)‐9 in induced sputum, compared with treatment with Tio alone. There were no treatment differences between the SFP and Tio+FP groups in decreasing IL‐8 and MMP‐9 levels. The reduction in IL‐8 showed significant association with the reduction in MMP‐9. All treatment groups failed to significantly reduce the numbers of total cells, neutrophils, macrophages and eosinophils in induced sputum; in addition, there were no treatment differences in terms of improvement of forced expiratory volume in one second, forced vital capacity, CRP or quality of life between the three groups. The anti‐inflammatory effects of salmeterol/fluticasone probably contribute to the clinical benefits seen in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease patients.
 Differential Response to 12 Weeks of Once-Daily Tiotropium/Olodaterol Fixed Dose Combination in Patients with COPD: a Multidimensional Response Profiling in the TORRACTO Study;  PURPOSE: Long‐acting bronchodilators (LABD), in general, reduce respiratory symptoms, improve exercise endurance time and pulmonary function in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). However, there might be heterogeneity in improvement for several outcomes on an individual level. Therefore, we aimed to profile the multidimensional response in patients receiving tiotropium/olodaterol (T/O) using self‐organizing maps (SOM). MATERIALS AND METHODS: This is a secondary analysis of the TORRACTO study: a multicenter, multinational, randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, parallel‐group trial to evaluate the effects of T/O (2.5/5 and 5/5 μg) compared with placebo after 6 and 12 weeks of treatment in patients with COPD. In the current study, we used endurance time, forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1), forced vital capacity (FVC), inspiratory capacity (IC) at rest and IC at isotime (ICiso) to identify clusters by means of SOM in patients treated with T/O. RESULTS: Six clusters with distinct response profiles were generated at week 12 in COPD patients receiving T/O (n = 268). Patients in cluster 1 improved significantly on all outcomes, whilst cluster 5 showed strong improvement in endurance time (357s); contrarily, FEV1, FVC, ICrest and ICiso decreased when compared to baseline. CONCLUSION: Individual responses on endurance time and pulmonary function after 12 weeks of T/O are heterogeneous. This study identified clusters in COPD patients with markedly different multidimensional response on LABD.
 Study to compare Umeclidinium when added to FP/SAL versus placebo when added to FP/SAL in COPD Patients;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: Umeclidinium Bromide (UMEC) Product Code: GSK573719 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed INN or Proposed INN: GSK573719 Current Sponsor code: GSK573719 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 62.5‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Product Name: Umeclidinium Bromide (UMEC) Product Code: GSK573719 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed INN or Proposed INN: GSK573719 Current Sponsor code: GSK573719 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 125‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Trade Name: Seretide Diskus Product Name: fluticasone propionate/salmeterol Pharmaceutical Form: INN or Proposed INN: FLUTICASONE PROPIONATE CAS Number: 80474‐14‐2 Other descriptive name: FLUTICASONE PROPIONATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 250‐ INN or Proposed INN: SALMETEROL CAS Number: 89365‐50‐4 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) ; MedDRA version: 14.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10010952 Term: COPD System Organ Class: 100000004855 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: The primary objective is to compare the efficacy and safety of the addition of UMEC (62.5mcg) once‐daily to FSC (250/50mcg) twice‐daily, UMEC (125mcg) once‐daily to FSC (250/50mcg) twice‐daily with placebo to FSC (250/50mcg) twice‐daily over 12 weeks for the treatment of subjects with COPD. Primary end point(s): The primary endpoint is trough FEV1 on treatment day 85. Secondary Objective: The secondary objective is to compare the effect of the addition of UMEC (62.5mcg) once‐daily to FSC (250/50mcg) twice‐daily, UMEC (125mcg) once‐daily to FSC (250/50mcg) twice‐daily with placebo to FSC (250/50mcg) twice‐daily on COPD‐related health status assessments over 12 weeks in subjects with COPD. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Visit 7/ Day 85 SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): 0‐6 hour weighted mean FEV1 ; Rescue albuterol/salbutamol usage ; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Visit 6 / Day 84 ; Summary at end of the 12 week treatment period ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Type of subject: Outpatient. 2. Informed Consent: A signed and dated written informed consent prior to study participation. 3. Age: Subjects 40 years of age or older at Visit 1. 4. Gender: Male or female subjects. A female is eligible to enter and participate in the study if she is of: Non‐child bearing potential OR Child bearing potential agreeing to one of the following contraceptive methods: • Abstinence • Oral Contraceptive, either combined or progestogen alone • Injectable progestogen • Implants of levonorgestrel • Estrogenic vaginal ring • Percutaneous contraceptive patches • Intrauterine device (IUD) or intrauterine system (IUS) that meets the SOP effectiveness criteria as stated in the product label • Male partner sterilization (vasectomy with documentation of azoospermia) prior to the female subject's entry into the study, and this male is the sole partner for that subject. For this definition,
 Tiotropium+olodaterol FDC in COPD and the effect on exercise tolerance;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: Tiotropium 1.25µg/Olodaterol 2.5µg Product Code: Ba 679/BI 1744 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation vapour, solution INN or Proposed INN: tiotropium Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 1.25‐ INN or Proposed INN: olodaterol Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 2.5‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation vapour, solution Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Product Name: Tiotropium 2.5µg/Olodaterol 2.5µg Product Code: Ba 679/BI 1744 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation vapour, solution INN or Proposed INN: tiotropium Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 2.5‐ INN or Proposed INN: olodaterol Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 2.5‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation vapour, solution Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Trade Name: Spiriva Respimat 2.5 µg Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation vapour, solution INN or Proposed INN: tiotropium Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 2.5‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation vapour, solution Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Product Name: Olodaterol 2.5µg Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation vapour, solution INN or Proposed INN: olodaterol Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 2.5‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation vapour, solution Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease ; MedDRA version: 14.1 Level: PT Classification code 10009033 Term: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease System Organ Class: 10038738 ‐ Respiratory, thoracic and mediastinal disorders ; MedDRA version: 14.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10009032 Term: Chronic obstructive lung disease System Organ Class: 10038738 ‐ Respiratory, thoracic and mediastinal disorders Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): The following key secondary endpoint will also be assessed during the ; constant work rate cycle ergometry: ; ‐ intensity of breathing discomfort at isotime during constant work rate ; cycle ergometry to symptom limitation at 75% Wcap after 6 weeks of ; treatment Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: After 6 weeks treatment. For BORG breathing discomfort this will be measured at isotime where for each individual subject, isotime is defined ; as the endurance time of the constant work rate exercise test of shortest ; duration from Visit 2, Visit 4, Visit 6, Visit 8 and Visit 10. INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. All patients must sign an informed consent consistent with ICH‐GCP guidelines prior to participation in the trial, which includes medication washout and restrictions. 2. All patients must have a diagnosis of chronic obstructive pulmonarydisease and must meet the following spirometric criteria: Patients must have relatively stable airway obstruction with a postbronchodilator 30% = FEV1 <80% of predicted normal (ECSC) ; GOLD II ‐ III and a postbronchodilator FEV1/FVC <70% at Visit 1 (ECSC predicted normal equations) 3. Male or female patients, between 40 and 75 years of age (inclusive) on day of signing informed consent. 4. Patients must be current or ex‐smokers with a smoking history of more than 10 pack years. Patients who have never smoked cigarettes must be excluded. 5. Patients must be able to perform technically acceptable pulmonary function tests (spirometry), must be able to complete multiple sympt PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: The primary objectives of this study are:; 1) To compare the effects of orally inhaled tiotropium + olodaterol fixed; dose combination (2.5 / 5 µg ; 5 / 5 µg) with tiotropium (5 µg),; olodaterol (5 µg) and placebo on lung hyperinflation during constant; work rate exercise in patients with COPD. Lung hyperinflation will be; assessed by measurement of inspiratory capacity (IC).; 2) To compare the effects of orally inhaled tiotropium + olodaterol fixed; dose combination (2.5 / 5 µg ; 5 / 5 µg) with tiotropium (5 µg),; olodaterol (5 µg) and placebo on constant work rate exercise tolerance; after 6 weeks of treatment in patients with COPD. Exercise tolerance will; be assessed by measurement of symptom‐limited endurance time during; constant work rate cycle ergometry. Primary end point(s): Two primary endpoints are defined:; • inspiratory capacity (IC) at isotime during constant work rate cycle; ergometry to symptom limitation at 75% Wcap after 6 weeks of; treatment.; • endurance time during constant work rate cycle ergometry to; symptom limitation at 75% Wcap* (maximal work capacity) after 6; weeks of treatment.; * Wcap (maximal work capacity) is the maximum work rate achieved for; at least 30 seconds during the incremental cycle ergometry performed at; Visit 1. Secondary Objective: The secondary objective of this study is to compare the effects of orally; inhaled tiotropium + olodaterol fixed dose combination (2.5 / 5 µg ; 5 /; 5 µg) with tiotropium (5 µg), olodaterol (5 µg) and placebo on the; intensity of breathing discomfort experienced during constant work rate; exercise in patients with COPD. The intensity of breathing discomfort will; be rated by the patients using the Borg Category‐Ratio Scale. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: After 6 weeks treatment. For IC, this will be measured at isotime where; for each individual subject, isotime is defined as the endurance time of; the constant work rate exercise test of shortest duration from Visit 2,; Visit 4, Visit 6, Visit 8 and Visit 10.
 Tiotropium+olodaterol FDC in COPD and the effect on exercise tolerance;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: Tiotropium 1.25µg/Olodaterol 2.5µg Product Code: Ba 679/BI 1744 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation vapour, solution INN or Proposed INN: tiotropium Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 1.25‐ INN or Proposed INN: olodaterol Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 2.5‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation vapour, solution Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Product Name: Tiotropium 2.5µg/Olodaterol 2.5µg Product Code: Ba 679/BI 1744 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation vapour, solution INN or Proposed INN: tiotropium Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 2.5‐ INN or Proposed INN: olodaterol Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 2.5‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation vapour, solution Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Trade Name: Spiriva Respimat 2.5 µg Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation vapour, solution INN or Proposed INN: tiotropium Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 2.5‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation vapour, solution Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Product Name: Olodaterol 2.5µg Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation vapour, solution INN or Proposed INN: olodaterol Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 2.5‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation vapour, solution Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease ; MedDRA version: 14.1 Level: PT Classification code 10009033 Term: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease System Organ Class: 10038738 ‐ Respiratory, thoracic and mediastinal disorders ; MedDRA version: 14.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10009032 Term: Chronic obstructive lung disease System Organ Class: 10038738 ‐ Respiratory, thoracic and mediastinal disorders Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): The following key secondary endpoint will also be assessed during the ; constant work rate cycle ergometry: ; ‐ intensity of breathing discomfort at isotime during constant work rate ; cycle ergometry to symptom limitation at 75% Wcap after 6 weeks of ; treatment Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: After 6 weeks treatment. For BORG breathing discomfort this will be ; measured at isotime where for each individual subject, isotime is defined ; as the endurance time of the constant work rate exercise test of shortest ; duration from Visit 2, Visit 4, Visit 6, Visit 8 and Visit 10. INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. All patients must sign an informed consent consistent with ICH‐GCP guidelines prior to participation in the trial, which includes medication washout and restrictions. 2. All patients must have a diagnosis of chronic obstructive pulmonarydisease and must meet the following spirometric criteria: Patients must have relatively stable airway obstruction with a postbronchodilator 30% = FEV1 <80% of predicted normal (ECSC) ; GOLD II ‐ III and a postbronchodilator FEV1/FVC <70% at Visit 1 (ECSC predicted normal equations) 3. Male or female patients, between 40 and 75 years of age (inclusive) on day of signing informed consent. 4. Patients must be current or ex‐smokers with a smoking history of more than 10 pack years. Patients who have never smoked cigarettes must be excluded. 5. Patients must be able to perform technically acceptable pulmonary function tests (spirometry), must be able to complete multiple symptom limit PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: The primary objectives of this study are:; 1) To compare the effects of orally inhaled tiotropium + olodaterol fixed; dose combination (2.5 / 5 µg ; 5 / 5 µg) with tiotropium (5 µg),; olodaterol (5 µg) and placebo on lung hyperinflation during constant; work rate exercise in patients with COPD. Lung hyperinflation will be; assessed by measurement of inspiratory capacity (IC).; 2) To compare the effects of orally inhaled tiotropium + olodaterol fixed; dose combination (2.5 / 5 µg ; 5 / 5 µg) with tiotropium (5 µg),; olodaterol (5 µg) and placebo on constant work rate exercise tolerance; after 6 weeks of treatment in patients with COPD. Exercise tolerance will; be assessed by measurement of symptom‐limited endurance time during; constant work rate cycle ergometry. Primary end point(s): Two primary endpoints are defined:; • inspiratory capacity (IC) at isotime during constant work rate cycle; ergometry to symptom limitation at 75% Wcap after 6 weeks of; treatment.; • endurance time during constant work rate cycle ergometry to; symptom limitation at 75% Wcap* (maximal work capacity) after 6; weeks of treatment.; * Wcap (maximal work capacity) is the maximum work rate achieved for; at least 30 seconds during the incremental cycle ergometry performed at; Visit 1. Secondary Objective: The secondary objective of this study is to compare the effects of orally; inhaled tiotropium + olodaterol fixed dose combination (2.5 / 5 µg ; 5 /; 5 µg) with tiotropium (5 µg), olodaterol (5 µg) and placebo on the; intensity of breathing discomfort experienced during constant work rate; exercise in patients with COPD. The intensity of breathing discomfort will; be rated by the patients using the Borg Category‐Ratio Scale. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: After 6 weeks treatment. For IC, this will be measured at isotime where; for each individual subject, isotime is defined as the endurance time of; the constant work rate exercise test of shortest duration from Visit 2,; Visit 4, Visit 6, Visit 8 and Visit 10.
 Population Pharmacokinetic Analysis of Fluticasone Furoate/Umeclidinium/Vilanterol via a Single Inhaler in Patients with COPD;  A population pharmacokinetic analysis was conducted from a subset of samples obtained from the Lung Function and Quality of Life Assessment in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease with Closed Triple Therapy trial to characterize the pharmacokinetics of fluticasone furoate, umeclidinium, and vilanterol in patients with symptomatic COPD following treatment with fluticason furoate‐umeclidinium‐vilanterol combined in a single inhaler. This was a randomized, double‐blind, double‐dummy study comparing 24 weeks of once‐daily triple therapy (fluticason furoate‐umeclidinium‐vilanterol, 100 μg/62.5 μg/25 μg; Ellipta inhaler) with twice‐daily dual therapy (budesonide/formoterol 400 μg/12 μg; Turbuhaler). The analyses were conducted in a subset of 74 patients who received fluticason furoate‐umeclidinium‐vilanterol and provided serial or sparse samples. Monte Carlo simulations and a model‐based estimation approach both indicated that systemic drug concentrations of fluticasone furoate, umeclidinium, and vilanterol after administration of fluticason furoate‐umeclidinium‐vilanterol triple combination therapy from a single inhaler were within the ranges observed following administration of these drugs as monotherapy (fluticasone furoate, umeclidinium, and vilanterol) or as dual‐combination therapy (fluticasone furoate/vilanterol or umeclidinium/vilanterol).
 Study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of glycopyrronium or indacaterol maleate and glycopyrronium bromide fixed - dose combination regarding symptoms and health status in patients with moderate COPD switching from treatment with any standard COPD regimen;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Seebri Breezhaler 44 micrograms inhalation powder, hard capsule Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, hard capsule INN or Proposed INN: GLYCOPYRRONIUM BROMIDE CAS Number: 596‐51‐0 Current Sponsor code: NVA237 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 44‐ Trade Name: Ultibro Breezhaler 85 micrograms/43 micrograms, inhalation powder hard capsules Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, hard capsule INN or Proposed INN: GLYCOPYRRONIUM BROMIDE CAS Number: 596‐51‐0 Current Sponsor code: NVA237 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 43‐ INN or Proposed INN: Indacaterol maleate CAS Number: 753498‐25‐8 Current Sponsor code: QAB149 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 85‐ Product Name: Ipratropium Pharmaceutical Form: Pressurised inhalation, solution INN or Proposed INN: IPRATROPIUM BROMIDE CAS Number: 22254‐24‐6 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 20‐ Product Name: Formoterol Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, hard capsule INN or Proposed INN: FORMOTEROL CAS Number: 73573‐87‐2 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 12‐ Product Name: Tiotropium Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, hard capsule INN or Proposed INN: TIOTROPIUM BROMIDE CAS Number: 139404‐48‐1 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 18‐ Product Name: Salmeterol, Fluticasone Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder INN or Proposed INN: SALMETEROL CAS Number: 89365‐50‐4 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ INN or Proposed INN: FLUTICASONE CAS Number: 90566‐53‐3 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 500‐ Product Name: budezonid Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, hard capsule INN or Proposed INN: BUDESONIDE CAS Number: 5133 CONDITION: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) ; MedDRA version: 18.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10010952 Term: COPD System Organ Class: 100000004855 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): • To show the non‐inferiority of glycopyrronium (50 µg o.d) vs. shortacting ; bronchodilators (SABA and/or SAMA as monotherapy or in free or FDC) or long‐acting bronchodilators (LABA or LAMA monotherapy) on TDI at week 12. ; • To show the superiority of indacaterol maleate and glycopyrronium ; bromide FDC (110/50 µg o.d.) vs. LABA or LAMA monotherapy or LABA and ICS in free or FDC on TDI at week 12. ; • To evaluate the effect of glycopyrronium (50 µg o.d.) and indacaterol maleate and glycopyrronium bromide FDC (110/50 µg o.d.) vs. baseline therapy on: ; o Total score of COPD Assessment Test (CAT) at week 12 ; o Total score of Clinical COPD Questionnaire (CCQ) at week 12 ; o Mean number of puffs of rescue medication use and percentage of days without rescue medication use assessed by electronic patient diary (eDiary) over the 12‐week treatment period ; o Patient‐reported symptoms of COPD assessed by eDiary over the 12‐week treatment period ; Safety and tolerability over the 12‐week treatment period. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: week 12 INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Patients who have signed an Informed Consent Form before any assessment is performed. 2. Male and female adults aged = 40 years. 3. Patients with moderate COPD according to the GOLD criteria 2013. 6. Patients, who, at Visit 1, have been for ate least 3 months on a stable dose of one of the following COPD baseline treatments: Any SABA monotherapy (such as, but not limited to, salbutamol), PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: • To show the superiority of glycopyrronium (50 µg o.d.) vs. short‐acting; bronchodilators (SABA and/or SAMA as monotherapy or in free or FDC) on FEV1 at week 12.; • To show the non‐inferiority of glycopyrronium (50 µg o.d.) vs. longacting; bronchodilators (LABA or LAMA monotherapy) on on FEV1 at week 12.; • To show the superiority of indacaterol maleate and glycopyrronium bromide FDC (110/50 µg o.d.) vs. LABA and ICS in free or FDC on FEV1 at week 12.; • To show the superiority of indacaterol maleate and glycopyrronium bromide FDC (110/50 µg o.d.) vs. long‐acting bronchodilators (LABA or; LAMA monotherapy) on on FEV1 at week 12.; • To show the superiority of glycopyrronium (50 µg o.d.) vs. short‐acting bronchodilators (SABA and/or SAMA as monotherapy or in free or FDC) on Transition Dyspnea Index (TDI) at week 12.; • To show the non‐inferiority of glycopyrronium (50 µg o.d.) vs. longacting; bronchodilators (LABA or LAMA monotherapy) on on TDI at week 12. Primary end point(s): • To show the superiority of glycopyrronium (50 µg o.d.) vs. short‐acting bronchodilators (SABA and/or SAMA as monotherapy or in free or FDC) on Transition Dyspnea Index (TDI) at week 12.; • To show the non‐inferiority of glycopyrronium (50 µg o.d.) vs. longacting; bronchodilators (LABA or LAMA monotherapy) on TDI at week 12.; • To show the superiority of indacaterol maleate and glycopyrronium; bromide FDC (110/50 µg o.d.) vs. LABA and ICS in free or FDC on TDI at week 12.; • To show the superiority of indacaterol maleate and glycopyrronium; bromide FDC (110/50 µg o.d.) vs. long‐acting bronchodilators (LABA or LAMA monotherapy) on TDI at week 12. Secondary Objective: • To show the non‐inferiority of glycopyrronium (50 µg o.d) vs. shortacting bronchodilators (SABA and/or SAMA as monotherapy or in free or FDC) or long‐acting bronchodilators (LABA or LAMA monotherapy) on trough FEV1 at week 12.; • To show the non‐inferiority of glycopyrronium (50 µg o.d) vs. shortacting; bronchodilators (SABA and/or SAMA as monotherapy or in free or FDC) or long‐acting bronchodilators (LABA or LAMA monotherapy) on TDI at week 12.; • To show the superiority of indacaterol maleate and glycopyrronium bromide FDC (110/50 µg o.d) vs. LABA or LAMA monotherapy or LABA and ICS in free or FDC on trough FEV1 total score at week 12.; • To show the superiority of indacaterol maleate and glycopyrronium bromide FDC (110/50 µg o.d) vs. LABA or LAMA monotherapy or LABA and ICS in free or FDC on TDI total score at week 12.; • To evaluate the effect of glycopyrronium (50 µg o.d.) and indacaterol maleate and glycopyrronium bromide FDC (110/50 µg o.d) vs. baseline therapy Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: week 12 4. Current or ex‐smokers who have a smoking history of at least 10 pack years. (Ten pack years are defined as 20 cigarettes a day for 10 years, or 10 cigarettes a day for 20 years. An ex‐smoker is defined as a subject who has not smoked for = 6 months at Visit 1.) 5. Patients with airflow limitation indicated by a post‐bronchodilator FEV1 =50% and <80% of the predicted normal value and a post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC <0.7 at Visit 2. Post‐bronchodilator refers to within 10‐15 min of inhalation of 400 µg (4x100 µg) of salbutamol. ‐ Any SAMA monot
 INTREPID: investigation of TRELEGY Effectiveness: usual Practice Design;  The primary purpose of this study is to assess the effectiveness of TRELEGY ELLIPTA relative to non‐ELLIPTA Multiple Inhaler Triple Therapies (MITT) for Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) control within the usual clinical practice setting. The study will be conducted once TRELEGY ELLIPTA has been approved in the countries in which the study will be conducted and is available commercially. This is a randomized, open‐label, effectiveness, phase 4 study of 24 weeks' duration in COPD subjects to evaluate TRELEGY ELLIPTA (fluticasone furoate [FF]/vilanterol [VI]/umeclidinium bromide [UMEC]: 100 microgram [mcg]/62.5 mcg/25 mcg) inhalation powder taken once daily using a single ELLIPTA inhaler compared with any non‐ELLIPTA MITT in the usual care setting. Effectiveness of TRELEGY ELLIPTA will be assessed by comparing proportion of COPD Assessment Test (CAT) responders at Week 24 between two treatment groups. TRELEGY and ELLIPTA are trademarks of GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) group of companies. The study will enroll approximately 3000 subjects.
 Tiotropium/olodaterol improves pulmonary function and physical activity in patients with treatment-naïve COPD;  RATIONALE: The effects of pharmacological treatment on physical activity (PA) in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) are still unclear, especially for patients with treatment naïve‐COPD. Therefore, we investigated the effects of a newly introduced bronchodilator on pulmonary function, dyspnea, quality of life (QOL), six minutes' walk test, and PA in patients with treatment‐naïve COPD. METHODS: For this prospective, multicenter, randomized interventional study, 80 treatment‐naïve COPD subjects without any other diseases that might reduce PA were recruited between June 2017 and February 2019. The subjects were randomized to receive either tiotropium (Tio) or tiotropium/olodaterol (Tio/Olo) combination treatment for 12 weeks. Pulmonary function tests, Baseline Dyspnea Index/Transition Dyspnea Index (BDI/TDI) dyspnea index, COPD assessment tests and the six minutes' walk test were examined before and after 12 weeks of treatment. PA levels were also measured with a triaxle accelerometer (Active Style Pro, HJA‐750C) over a 2‐week period before and after treatment. RESULTS: The differences in forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEVl.0) and inspiratory capacity (IC) after administration of the bronchodilator for 12 weeks were 242.8±28.8 ml for Tio/Olo vs. 103.9±32.9 mL for Tio (p<0.01) and 266.9±48.1 ml for Tio/Olo vs. 162.2±59.1 mL for Tio (p=0.17), respectively. The TDI index score was 2.6±0.3 mL for Tio/Olo vs. 1.6±0.3 mL for Tio (p=0.06). Change in the duration of PA >2.0 Metabolic equivalents (METS) increased in both groups (+13.2±6.9 min for Tio/Olo vs. +10.2±6.6 min for Tio, p=0.75). Change in the duration of PA 1.0‐1.5 METs, which represents the sedentary position, tended to decrease more for Tio/Olo (‐27.6±9.4 min) than for Tio (‐4.2±8.1 min) (p=0.06). CONCLUSION: Tio/Olo significantly improved FEV1.0 compared with Tio in patients with treatment‐naïve COPD. Tio/Olo also decreased the amount of time spent in the sedentary position. These data suggest that Tio/Olo improves not only pulmonary function, but also physical activity in patients with treatment‐naïve COPD.
 Study on Pulmonary Rehabilitation for COPD;  INTERVENTION: Non‐multidisciplinary Intervention:Persuade strongly to quit smoke and treated with inhaled medication (Tiotropium, Fluticasone/salmeterol or combination of both) ;Multidisciplinary Intervention:Disease focus education, persuade strongly to quit smoke; home or community based daily exercise supervised by telephoning; inhaled medication (Tiotropium, Fluticasone/salmeterol or combination of both) ; CONDITION: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) PRIMARY OUTCOME: SGRQ;EELV/TLC;Borg's Index;FEV1/FVC;RV/TLC;ABparadox;FEV1%;IC;6MW; SECONDARY OUTCOME: Number of acute episodes during study period;AB/V; INCLUSION CRITERIA: The subject has history of chronic exposure to inhaled risk factors, such as cigarette smoke or biomass smoke, with a baseline FEV1 before bronchodilation that was 30‐60% of that predicted, a prebronchodilator FEV1/FVC ratio of 70% or less, an increase of less than 10% of predicted FEV1 30 min after inhaling 300 ug salbutamol. Exclude those had respiratory disorders other than COPD.
 Effect of inhalation of a free combination of tiotropium once daily 18 mcg and salmeterol twice daily 50 mcg versus a fixed combination of fluticasone and salmeterol twice daily (500/50 mcg) on static lung volumes and exercise tolerance in COPD patients (a randomized, double-blind, double dummy, 16 (2 x 8) weeks, crossover study) - Octane;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Spiriva 18 microgram Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, hard capsule INN or Proposed INN: TIOTROPIUM BROMIDE CAS Number: 139404481 Current Sponsor code: Ba 679 BR Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 18 tiotropium‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, hard capsule Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Trade Name: Serevent Diskus (Accuhaler) Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed INN or Proposed INN: SALMETEROL XINAFOATE CAS Number: 94749083 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50 salmeterol‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Trade Name: Seretide (Viani) Diskus (Accuhaler) Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed INN or Proposed INN: SALMETEROL XINAFOATE CAS Number: 94749083 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50 salmeterol‐ INN or Proposed INN: FLUTICASONE PROPIONATE CAS Number: 80474142 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 500‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use CONDITION: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) ; MedDRA version: 9.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10010952 Term: COPD PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: The primary objective of this study is to demonstrate that treatment with a free combination of tiotropium and salmeterol provides superior improvement in static lung volumes and exercise tolerance compared to a fixed combination of fluticasone and salmeterol in patients with COPD.; Primary end point(s): The primary efficacy parameters are defined as thoracic gas volume (functional residual volume)(TGV(FRC)) and endurance time (ET) during a constant work rate exercise test to symptom limitation.; Two co‐primary efficacy endpoints are defined:; ‐ Post‐dose TGV(FRC) after 8 weeks of investigational treatment.; ‐ Endurance time to the point of symptom limitation during a constant work rate; exercise test at 75% Wcap after 8 weeks of investigational treatment.; The baseline measurement for both co‐primary endpoints is defined as pre‐dose measurement (prior to first administration of randomised treatment) on Day 1. The two co‐primary endpoints will be measured post dosing. Note that for each patient two values for each primary endpoint will be observed due to the crossover design, for one treatment at Day 57 (end of first period) and at Day 113 (end of second period) for the other treatment.; Secondary Objective: The secondary objective includes assessment of safety. INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1.) The patient has signed an Informed Consent Form in accordance with GCP and local legislative requirements prior to participation in the trial, i.e., prior to pre‐trial washout of any restricted medications. 2.) The patient has a clinical diagnosis of COPD. 3.) The patient has relatively stable, moderate to severe airway obstruction. 4.) The patient has a pre‐bronchodilator FEV1 less than or equal to 65% of predicted normal determined at Visit 1 using the following predicted equations (R94‐1408): a) Males FEV1 predicted [L] = 4.30 x Height [metres] – 0.029 x Age [years] – 2.49 b) Females FEV1 predicted [L] = 3.95 x Height [metres] – 0.025 x Age [years] – 2.60 and a TGV(FRC) ?120% predicted normal at visit 1 (or historical data not older than 6 month) c) Males TGV(FRC) pred. [L] = 2.34 x Height [metres] + 0.009 x Age [years] – 1.09 d) Females TGV(FRC) pred. [L] = 2.24 x Height [metres] + 0.001 x Age [years] – 1.00 5.) The patie
 A study to evaluate lung treatment and exercise tolerance of COPD patients with a new bronchodilator: GSK573719/GW642444;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: GSK573719/GW642444 Product Code: GSK573719/GW642444 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed INN or Proposed INN: GSK573719 Current Sponsor code: GSK573719 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 125‐ INN or Proposed INN: Vilanterol Current Sponsor code: GW642444 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 25‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Product Name: GSK573719/Vilanterol Product Code: GSK573719/Vilanterol Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed INN or Proposed INN: GSK573719 Current Sponsor code: GSK573719 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 62.5‐ INN or Proposed INN: Vilanterol Current Sponsor code: Vilanterol Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 25‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Product Name: GW642444 Product Code: GW642444 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed INN or Proposed INN: GW642444 Current Sponsor code: GW642444 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 25‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Product Name: GSK573719 Product Code: GSK573719 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed INN or Proposed INN: GSK573719 Current Sponsor code: GSK573719 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 125‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Product Name: GSK573719 Product Code: GSK573719 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed INN or Proposed INN: GSK573719 Current CONDITION: Moderate/severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). ; MedDRA version: 14.0 Level: LLT Classification code 10010952 Term: COPD System Organ Class: 10038738 ‐ Respiratory, thoracic and mediastinal disorders Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To evaluate the effect of GSK573719/GW642444, administered once‐daily, on pre‐dose FEV1 and exercise endurance time over 12 weeks in subjects with COPD. Primary end point(s): • Exercise endurance time (EET) post‐dose at Week 12, defined as the EET obtained 3 hours after dosing at Week 12 (Treatment Day 85) ; • Clinic visit trough (pre‐bronchodilator and pre‐dose) FEV1 at Week 12, defined as the FEV1 value obtained 24 hours after dosing on Treatment Day 84. ; Secondary Objective: To evaluate the effect of GSK573719/GW642444, its components, and placebo administered once‐daily on measures of hyperinflation and post dose lung function over 12 weeks in subjects with COPD. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: week 12 SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): • Measure of lung hyperinflation (IC) at Week 12 (Treatment Day 85) ; • Measure of lung hyperinflation (FRC) at Week 12 (Treatment Day 85) ; • Measure of lung hyperinflation (RV) at Week 12 (Treatment Day 85) ; • Clinic visit 3 hour post‐dose FEV1 at Week 12 (Treatment Day 85) Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: week 12 INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Type of subject: Outpatient. 2. Informed Consent: A signed and dated written informed consent prior to study participation. 3. Age: 40 years of age or older at Visit 1. 4. Gender: Male or female subjects. A female is eligible to enter and participate in the study if she is of: Non‐child bearing potential (i.e. physiologically incapable of becoming pregnant, including any female who is post‐menopausal or surgically sterile). Surgically sterile females are defined as those with a documented hysterectomy and/or bilateral oophorectomy or tubal ligation. Post‐menopausal females are defined as being amenorrhoeic for greater than 1 year with an appropriate clinical profile, e.g. age appropriate, > 45 years, in the absence of hormone replacement therapy. However in questionable cases, post‐menopause status may be confirmed by analysis of a blood sample with FSH > 40MIU/ml and estradiol <40pg/ml (<140 pmol/L) as confirmator
 Baseline characteristics of patients with frequent exacerbations in the POET-COPD™ trial;  Background: The randomized, double‐blind, double‐dummy, 1‐year POET‐COPD™ trial showed that tiotropium (18 μg qd) was superior to salmeterol (50 μg bid) in preventing moderate or severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) exacerbations. Aims and objectives: An exploratory post‐hoc subgroup analysis to compare baseline characteristics of frequent and infrequent exacerbators (patients experiencing ≥2 and ≤1 exacerbations during the trial, respectively). Methods: Important inclusion criteria were age ≥40 years, postbronchodilator forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1) ≤70% predicted and ≥1 exacerbation in previous year. Results: Baseline characteristics of the 7376 patients who were randomized and treated are shown in the table. Conclusion: Compared with infrequent exacerbators, frequent exacerbators in POET‐COPD™ were characterized at baseline by: more severe COPD; longer disease duration; increased LABA and ICS use; and more frequent antibiotic or systemic steroid courses in the past year.
 A Study to Assess the Pulmonary Distribution of Budesonide, Glycopyrronium and Formoterol Fumarate;  This study is a 2 treatment period, single dose crossover, gamma scintigraphy study investigating the deposition in the lungs of a Budesonide, Glycopyrronium and Formoterol Fumarate Metered Dose Inhaler. This study will be investigating how the drug (known as PT010) is distributed in the lungs following a 10 second or 3 second breath hold. This inhaler is intended to be used in the treatment of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD), which is a group of diseases which cause lung problems and difficulty breathing. PT010 contains a combination of 3 marketed drugs called Glycopyrronium, Formoterol Fumarate and Budesonide. Budesonide is a corticosteroid that works by preventing inflammation and thus can aid in respiratory diseases such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Glycopyrronium & Formoterol Fumarate are bronchodilators which act by relaxing the smooth muscle cells in the trachea and bronchi, allowing greater airflow into the lungs. To enable us to determine how much of the drug gets into the lungs following different lengths of breath hold, a technique called gamma scintigraphy will be used. Gamma scintigraphy is a technique used to track the movement of a radiolabelled tracer inside the body. By assessing the amount of PT010 in the lungs following different lengths of breath hold, it is intended that this information will provide guidance as to the most effective way of taking the inhaler. The study will involve the following visits: 1 screening visits, 2 treatment visits, each separated by around 7 days (each with 1 overnight stay; from the evening before dosing until a minimum of 4 hours post‐dose on the morning of Day 1) and a post‐study follow up phone call. The study population will be 10 healthy males, aged between 28 and 50 years of age.
 DB2114930: a RANDOMIZED, MULTI-CENTER, DOUBLE-BLIND, DOUBLE-DUMMY, PARALLEL GROUP STUDY TO EVALUATE THE EFFICACY AND SAFETY OF UMECLIDINIUM/VILANTEROL COMPARED WITH FLUTICASONE PROPIONATE/SALMETEROL OVER 12 WEEKS IN SUBJECTS WITH COPD;  INTERVENTION: ELIGIBLE SUBJECTS WILL BE EQUALLY RANDOMIZED TO UMEC/VI 62.5/25 MCG OR FSC 250/50 MCG FOR 12 WEEKS. THERE WILL BE A TOTAL OF UP TO 6 CLINIC VISITS AT PRE SCREENING, SCREENING, RANDOMIZATION/VISIT 2 (DAY 1), VISIT 3 (DAY 28), VISIT 4 (DAY 56), AND VISIT 5 (DAY 84). IN SOME CIRCUMSTANCES THE PRE‐SCREENING AND SCREENING VISITS COULD OCCUR ON THE SAME VISIT DAY. A PRE‐SCREENING VISIT WILL BE CONDUCTED TO SIGN THE INFORMED CONSENT FORM (ICF) AND REVIEW DEMOGRAPHY, MEDICAL HISTORY AND CONCOMITANT MEDICATIONS. ONCE THE ICF IS SIGNED A SUBJECT WILL RECEIVE A SUBJECT IDENTIFIER. SUBJECTS WILL THEN WASHOUT OF ANY MEDICATIONS IF REQUIRED AS DETAILED IN THE EXCLUSION CRITERIA. SUBJECTS WHO MEET THE ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA AT SCREENING (VISIT 1) WILL COMPLETE A 7‐ TO 14 DAY RUN‐IN PERIOD FOLLOWED BY A 12‐WEEK TREATMENT PERIOD. A SAFETY FOLLOW‐UP ASSESSMENT WILL BE CONDUCTED APPROXIMATELY 7 DAYS AFTER THE END OF THE STUDY TREATMENT (VISIT 5 OR EARLY WITHDRAWAL, IF APPLICABLE). THE FOLLOW‐UP ASSESSMENT COULD BE EITHER A CLINIC VISIT OR A TELEPHONE CALL. THE TOTAL DURATION OF SUBJECT PARTICIPATION, INCLUDING THE FOLLOW‐UP PERIOD, WILL BE APPROXIMATELY 15 WEEKS. CONDITION: ‐J44 Other chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ; Other chronic obstructive pulmonary disease Other chronic obstructive pulmonary disease PRIMARY OUTCOME: The 24‐hour weighted‐mean serial Forced Expiratory Volume over 1 second (FEV1) on Treatment Day 84.; NAME OF THE RESULT: The 24‐hour weighted‐mean serial Forced Expiratory Volume over 1 second on Treatment Day 84.; USED MEASURING METHOD :Weighted‐mean is calculated from the pre‐dose FEV 1 and post‐dose FEV 1.; PERIOD OF TIME WHERE THE MEASUREMENT WILL BE CONDUCTED AND WHICH WILL ALLOW OBTAINING THE PRIMARY RESULT: Day 84. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Trough FEV1 on Day 85. ; NAME OF THE RESULT: Forced expiratory volume over 1 second on Day 85. ; USED MEASURING METHOD :Mean of the FEV 1 values obtained 23 and 24 hours after morning dosing on Day 84 ; PERIOD OF TIME WHERE THE MEASUREMENT WILL BE CONDUCTED AND WHICH WILL ALLOW OBTAINING THE SECONDARY RESULT: Day 85. INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. TYPE OF SUBJECT: OUTPATIENT 2. INFORMED CONSENT: A SIGNED AND DATED WRITTEN INFORMED CONSENT PRIOR TO STUDY PARTICIPATION 3. AGE: SUBJECTS 40 YEARS OF AGE OR OLDER AT VISIT 1 4. GENDER: MALE OR FEMALE SUBJECTS. A FEMALE IS ELIGIBLE TO ENTER AND PARTICIPATE IN THE STUDY IF SHE IS OF: . NON‐CHILD BEARING POTENTIAL (I.E. PHYSIOLOGICALLY INCAPABLE OF BECOMING PREGNANT, INCLUDING ANY FEMALE WHO IS POST‐MENOPAUSAL OR SURGICALLY STERILE). SURGICALLY STERILE FEMALES ARE DEFINED AS THOSE WITH A DOCUMENTED HYSTERECTOMY AND/OR BILATERAL OOPHORECTOMY OR TUBAL LIGATION. POST‐MENOPAUSAL FEMALES ARE DEFINED AS BEING AMENORRHOEIC FOR GREATER THAN 1 YEAR WITH AN APPROPRIATE CLINICAL PROFILE, E.G. AGE APPROPRIATE, > 45 YEARS, IN THE ABSENCE OF HORMONE REPLACEMENT THERAPY. OR . CHILD BEARING POTENTIAL, HAS A NEGATIVE PREGNANCY TEST AT SCREENING, AND AGREES TO ONE OF THE FOLLOWING ACCEPTABLE CONTRACEPTIVE METHODS USED CONSISTENTLY AND CORRECTLY (I.E. IN
 Acute and two-week effects of SpioltoÂ® RespimatÂ® (Tiotropium/Olodaterol) on cardiac function, the autonomic nervous system and small airway function in hyperinflated COPD subjects;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: SpioltoÂ® RespimatÂ® Product Name: SpioltoÂ® RespimatÂ® Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation solution INN or Proposed INN: Tiotropiumbromid CAS Number: 411207‐31‐3 Other descriptive name: TIOTROPIUM BROMIDE MONOHYDRATE Concentration unit: Âµg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 2.5‐ INN or Proposed INN: Olodaterol Hydrochloride CAS Number: 868049‐49‐4 Other descriptive name: OLODATEROL HYDROCHLORIDE Concentration unit: Âµg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 2.5‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation solution Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease ; MedDRA version: 21.1 Level: PT Classification code 10009033 Term: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease System Organ Class: 10038738 ‐ Respiratory, thoracic and mediastinal disorders Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To determine the change from baseline in left ventricular end‐diastolic volume (LVEDV) index evaluated by MRI in mL/m2 after single dose administration of SpioltoÂ® RespimatÂ® versus nebulized saline in hyperinflated COPD patients. Primary end point(s): To determine the change from baseline in left ventricular end‐diastolic volume index evaluated by MRI in mL/m2 after single dose administration of SpioltoÂ® RespimatÂ® versus nebulized saline in hyperinflated COPD patients. Secondary Objective: To determine the change from baseline in ; â€¢ LVEDV evaluated by MRI in mL/m2 after multiple dose administration of SpioltoÂ® RespimatÂ® compared with single dose administration.; â€¢ muscle sympathetic nerve activity evaluated by microneurography as bursts/ 100 heart beats after single dose administration of SpioltoÂ® RespimatÂ® versus nebulized saline.; â€¢ residual volume and other lung function parameters such as FEV1, FVC, IC, TLC, specific airway resistance, FRC and forced expiratory flows after single dose of SpioltoÂ® RespimatÂ® versus nebulized saline and after multiple dose administration of SpioltoÂ® RespimatÂ® compared with single dose administration; â€¢ exhaled particle numbers per volume after single dose of SpioltoÂ® RespimatÂ® versus nebulized saline. ; â€¢ exhaled particle numbers per volume after multiple dose administration of SpioltoÂ® RespimatÂ® compared with single dose administration.; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Visit number 2, 3, 4 SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): To determine the change from baseline in ; â€¢ LVEDV evaluated by MRI in mL/m2 after multiple dose administration of SpioltoÂ® RespimatÂ® compared with single dose administration. ; â€¢ muscle sympathetic nerve activity evaluated by microneurography as bursts/ 100 heart beats after single dose administration of SpioltoÂ® RespimatÂ® versus nebulized saline. ; â€¢ residual volume and other lung function parameters such as FEV1, FVC, IC, TLC, specific airway resistance, FRC and forced expiratory flows after single dose of SpioltoÂ® RespimatÂ® versus nebulized saline and after multiple dose administration of SpioltoÂ® RespimatÂ® compared with single dose administration ; â€¢ exhaled particle numbers per volume after single dose of SpioltoÂ® RespimatÂ® versus nebulized saline. INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Able and willing to give written informed consent. 2. Male and female subjects, aged = 40 years. Women will be considered for inclusion if they are: Not pregnant, as confirmed by pregnancy test (see flow chart), and not nursing. ; â€¢ exhaled particle numbers per volume after multiple dose administration of SpioltoÂ® RespimatÂ® compared with single dose administration. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Visit number 2, 3, 4, 5 Of non‐child bearing potential (i.e. physiologically incapable of becoming pregnant, including any female who is post‐menopausal, with documented proof of hysterectomy or tubal ligation, or meets clinical criteria for menopause and has been amenorrhoeic for more than 1 year prior to the screening visit). Of childbearing potential and using a highly effective method of contraception during the entire study (vasectomised partner, sexual abstinence ‐ the lifestyle of the female should be such that there is complete abstinence from intercourse from two weeks prior to the first dose of study medication until at least 72 hours after treatment ‐, implants, injectables, combined oral contraceptives, hormonal IUDs or double‐ba
 A study comparing the effects of Trimbow to Fostair in COPD;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Trimbow 87 micrograms/5 micrograms/9 micrograms pressurised inhalation, solution Product Name: Trimbow 87 micrograms/5 micrograms/9 micrograms pressurised inhalation, solution Pharmaceutical Form: Pressurised inhalation, solution INN or Proposed INN: Beclometasone dipropionate Other descriptive name: BDP Concentration unit: Âµg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 87‐ INN or Proposed INN: Formoterol fumarate dihydrate Other descriptive name: FF Concentration unit: Âµg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 5‐ INN or Proposed INN: Glycopyrronium bromide Other descriptive name: GB Concentration unit: Âµg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 9‐ Trade Name: Fostair 100/6 micrograms per actuation pressurised inhalation solution. Product Name: Fostair 100/6 micrograms per actuation pressurised inhalation solution. Pharmaceutical Form: Pressurised inhalation, solution INN or Proposed INN: Beclometasone dipropionate Other descriptive name: BDP Concentration unit: Âµg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 100‐ INN or Proposed INN: Formoterol fumarate dihydrate Other descriptive name: FF Concentration unit: Âµg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 6‐ CONDITION: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) ; MedDRA version: 20.0 Level: LLT Classification code 10010952 Term: COPD System Organ Class: 100000004855 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: ; Main Objective: 1) To compare the effect of Trimbow and Fostair on FEV1 [(forced expiratory volume in 1 second â€“ changes from pre‐dose day 1)].; 2) To compare the effect of Trimbow and Fostair on RV [(residual volume) â€“ changes from pre‐dose day 1)].; ; Primary end point(s): Primary efficacy variables:; â€¢Forced Expired Volume in 1 second (FEV1), L; â€¢Residual Volume (RV), L; ; The primary endpoint will be the area under the FEV1 curve in the 12 hours after treatment on day 5 of each treatment period (AUC0‐12).; ; Secondary Objective: Secondary:; 1) To compare the effect of Trimbow and Fostair on peripheral airway resistance (R5‐R20) and expiratory flow limitation (?X5) ‐ changes from pre‐dose day 1.; 2) To compare the effect of Trimbow and Fostair on other measures of Impulse Oscillometry (IOS), Body plethysmography and Spirometry (FVC; FEF25‐75%; R5; X5; Fres; AX; TLC; FRC; IC; SGaw; Raw) ‐ changes from pre‐dose day 1.; 3) To evaluate the effect of Trimbow compared to Baseline (Visit 2) on measures of IOS, Body plethysmography and Spirometry (FEV1, FVC; FEF25‐75%; R5; X5; RV; Fres; AX; TLC; FRC; IC; SGaw; Raw).; 4) To evaluate the effect of Fostair compared to Baseline (Visit 2) on measures of IOS, Body plethysmography and Spirometry (FEV1, FVC; FEF25‐75%; R5; X5; RV; Fres; AX; TLC; FRC; IC; SGaw; Raw).; ; Other:; To assess the safety and tolerability of the study treatment, as frequency of adverse events (AEs) reported.; ; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Objective 1) FEV1 = Spirometry perfromed pre‐dose, 30 minutes, 1, 2, 4, 6, 8, 10 and 12 hours post dose on Day 5 (Treatment Period 1 & 2).; ; Objective 2) Residual Volume = Whole body plethysmography performed pre‐dose, 1, 2, 4, 8 and 12 hours post dose on Day 5 (Treatment Period 1 & 2).; SECONDARY OUTCOME: ; Secondary end point(s): Secondary efficacy variables:; â€¢Forced Vital Capacity (FVC), L; â€¢Forced Expiratory Flow between 25‐75% of FVC (FEF25‐75%), L/s; â€¢Resistance at 5Hz (R5), kPa/L/s; â€¢Peripheral Respiratory Resistance (R5‐R20), kPa/L/s; â€¢Reactance at 5Hz (X5), kPa/L/s; â€¢Expiratory Flow Limitation (Delta X5), kPa/L/s; â€¢Resonance Frequency (Fres), Hz; â€¢Reactance Area (AX), kPa/L; â€¢Total Lung Capacity (TLC), L; â€¢Functional Residual Capacity (FRC), L; â€¢Inspiratory Capacity (IC), L; â€¢Specific Airway Conductance (SGaw), L/s/kPa/L; â€¢Airway Resistance (Raw), kPa/L/s; ; Safety variables:; â€¢Adverse Events (AEs) and Adverse Drug Reactions (ADRs); ; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Objective 1) R5‐R20 & Delta X5 = IOS performed pre‐dose, 30 mins, 1, 2, 4, 6, 8, 10 & 12 hrs post dose on Day 5 (both TPs).; ; Objective 2) FVC, FEF25‐75%, R5, X5, Fres, AX, TLC, FRC, IC, SGaw, Raw = IOS, Spirometry & plethysmography performed pre‐dose, 30 mins, 1, 2, 4, 6, 8, 10 & 12 hrs post dose on Day 5 (both TPs).; ; Objectives 3 & 4) FEV1, FVC, FEF25‐75%, R5, X5, RV, Fres, AX, TLC, FRC, IC, SGaw, Raw = IOS, Spirometry & plethysmography performed pre‐dose on Day 1 and pre‐dose, 30 mins, 1, 2, 4, 6, 8, 10 & 12 hrs post dose on Day 5 (both TPs).; ; Other Objective) AEs & ADRs = throughout the study from signing consent.; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Male and female adults aged 40 to 75 years with written informed consent obtained prior to any study‐related procedure. 2. COPD diagnosis: Subjects with a diagnosis of moderate to severe COPD according to the GOLD 2018 COPD recommendations, with symptoms compatible with COPD for at least 1 year prior to screening. 3. Clinically stable COPD in the 6 weeks prior to screening and during the run‐in period prior to randomisation. 4. Body mass index (BMI) in the range of 18.0 to 35.0 kg/m2 and with a minimum weight of 50 kg at screening. 5. Current smokers or ex‐smokers with a smoking history of at least 10 pack years [pack‐years = (number of cigarettes per day x number of years)/20]. 6. A post‐bronchodilator FEV1 = 30 % and = 80% of the predicted normal value and a post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC ratio < 0.7 at screening. 7. Evidence of pr
 Effects of 6 weeks' treatment with once-daily tiotropium and olodaterol fixed-dose combination on inspiratory capacity and exercise endurance in patients with COPD: the MORACTO™ studies;  Rationale Both tiotropium (T) and olodaterol (O) monotherapies have demonstrated reductions in lung hyperinflation and exertional breathlessness and improvements in exercise endurance in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).1‐5 MORACTO™ 1 and 2 (1237.13 [NCT01533922] and 1237.14 [NCT01533935]) were designed to investigate the effects of T+O fixed‐dose combination on these end points compared to placebo and monotherapy components in patients with COPD. Methods MORACTO™ 1 and 2 were replicate, 6‐week, randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, five treatment arm, four‐period, incomplete crossover, Phase III studies in which GOLD 2‐3 COPD patients received T+O 2.5/5 μg or 5/5 μg, T 5 μg, O 5 μg, or placebo via Respimat®. Primary end points were (i) inspiratory capacity (IC) at rest (pre‐exercise) and (ii) endurance time (ET) during constant work‐rate cycle ergometry (CWRCE) to symptom limitation at 75% of incremental test peak work rate, both after 6 weeks' treatment (2 hours post‐dose). Secondary end points included Borg‐time slope for breathing discomfort (Borg Category‐Ratio Scale) during CWRCE. Results 295 (MORACTO™ 1; 72% male) and 291 (MORACTO™ 2; 70% male) patients were randomized. Baseline demographics were balanced between studies, with post‐bronchodilator forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) values of 1.71 L (58.6% predicted) and 1.73 L (57.7% predicted), respectively. T+O 5/5 μg and 2.5/5 μg provided significant improvements in IC at rest versus placebo and monotherapies (Table 1). T+O 5/5 μg and 2.5/5 μg also provided significant improvements in ET and Borg‐time slopes during CWRCE versus placebo (p<0.001 in both studies). There was a significant improvement in ET and Borg‐time slope for T+O 5/5 μg and 2.5/5 μg compared with O 5 μg in MORACTO™ 2 (p<0.01), but not MORACTO™ 1, with no significant differences in ET or Borg‐time slope for T+O 5/5 μg or 2.5/5 μg compared with T 5 μg in either study. No safety concerns were identified. Conclusions T+O 5/5 μg and 2.5/5 μg reduced lung hyperinflation versus placebo, versus T 5 μg and versus O 5 μg and improved exercise endurance versus placebo. (Figure Presented).
 Turning a molecule into a medicine: the development of indacaterol as a novel once-daily bronchodilator treatment for patients with copd;  Indacaterol is the first once‐daily, long‐acting β2‐adrenergic agonist (LABA) approved for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Indacaterol was developed using a combination of informed drug design and molecular chemistry to generate a β2‐adrenergic agonist with a fast onset and long duration of action, enabling once‐daily dosing with an acceptable safety profile. Early preclinical studies with indacaterol demonstrated these characteristics, and this promising molecule was taken into clinical development, originally for asthma treatment. Subsequent safety concerns over LABA monotherapy in patients with asthma redirected indacaterol's development to centre on COPD, where a good evidence base and guideline recommendations for bronchodilator monotherapy existed. Clinical development was initially complicated by different inhaler devices and differing doses of indacaterol. Using a phase III innovative adaptive‐design clinical trial (INHANCE), indacaterol 150 and 300 μg once‐daily doses were selected to be taken forward into the phase III INERGIZE programme. This programme delivered placebo‐controlled and active‐comparator data, including comparisons with formoterol, tiotropium and salmeterol/fluticasone, as well as the use of indacaterol in combination with tiotropium. Together, these studies provided a comprehensive assessment of the benefit‐risk profile of indacaterol, allowing for regulatory submission. Indacaterol was first approved at once‐daily doses of 150 and 300 μg in the European Union in 2009, followed by 150 µg in Japan (2011) and China (2012), and 75 μg in the United States (2011). To date, indacaterol is approved and marketed in more than 100 countries worldwide for once‐daily maintenance treatment of COPD.
 Single-inhaler fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) triple therapy versus tiotropium monotherapy in patients with COPD;  Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) treatment guidelines do not currently include recommendations for escalation directly from monotherapy to triple therapy. This 12‐week, double‐blind, double‐dummy study randomized 800 symptomatic moderate‐to‐very‐severe COPD patients receiving tiotropium (TIO) for ≥3 months to once‐daily fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) 100/62.5/25 mcg via ELLIPTA (n = 400) or TIO 18 mcg via HandiHaler (n = 400) plus matched placebo. Study endpoints included change from baseline in trough forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1) at Days 85 (primary), 28 and 84 (secondary), health status (St George’s Respiratory Questionnaire [SGRQ] and COPD Assessment Test [CAT]) and safety. FF/UMEC/VI significantly improved trough FEV1 at all timepoints (Day 85 treatment difference [95% CI] 95 mL [62–128]; P < 0.001), and significantly improved SGRQ and CAT versus TIO. Treatment safety profiles were similar. Once‐daily single‐inhaler FF/UMEC/VI significantly improved lung function and health status versus once‐daily TIO in symptomatic moderate‐to‐very‐severe COPD patients, with a similar safety profile.
 Clinical effectiveness of once-daily fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/ vilanterol in usual practice: the COPD INTREPID study design;  Effectiveness studies complement conventional randomised controlled trials by providing a holistic view of treatments in the setting of usual clinical practice. We present the protocol for the ongoing INTREPID (INvestigation of TRelegy Effectiveness: usual PractIce Design; ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT03467425) study, a randomised, open‐label, 24‐week effectiveness study of once‐daily fluticasone furoate/ umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI; Trelegy) delivered by the ELLIPTA inhaler versus non‐ELLIPTA multiple‐inhaler triple therapy in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) in usual practice settings. INTREPID was designed to provide evidence of FF/UMEC/VI effectiveness in patients with COPD managed in routine healthcare systems across multiple European countries. Between study initiation and endof‐ study visits, patients will receive their medication and care as they would ordinarily receive it, from their usual healthcare provider at their usual healthcare centre. Study‐specific intervention will be minimal. The primary end‐point will be the proportion of COPD assessment test (CAT) responders, defined as a clinically meaningful improvement from baseline of ≥2 units, at week 24. The CAT was chosen as it provides health status information relevant to patients, physicians, health technology agencies and payers. Lung function (forced expiratory volume in 1 s) and critical inhaler errors will also be assessed in a subgroup of patients. The strengths and weaknesses of the protocol and some of the challenges associated with conducting this multicountry study, such as differences in healthcare systems and treatment practices across sites, will also be discussed.
 Clinical effectiveness of once-daily fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol in usual practice: the COPD INTREPID study design;  Effectiveness studies complement conventional randomised controlled trials by providing a holistic view of treatments in the setting of usual clinical practice. We present the protocol for the ongoing INTREPID (INvestigation of TRelegy Effectiveness: Usual PractIce Design; ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT03467425) study, a randomised, open‐label, 24‐week effectiveness study of once‐daily fluticasone furoate/ umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI; Trelegy) delivered by the ELLIPTA inhaler versus non‐ELLIPTA multiple‐inhaler triple therapy in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) in usual practice settings. INTREPID was designed to provide evidence of FF/UMEC/VI effectiveness in patients with COPD managed in routine healthcare systems across multiple European countries. Between study initiation and endof‐ study visits, patients will receive their medication and care as they would ordinarily receive it, from their usual healthcare provider at their usual healthcare centre. Study‐specific intervention will be minimal. The primary end‐point will be the proportion of COPD assessment test (CAT) responders, defined as a clinically meaningful improvement from baseline of â©¾2 units, at week 24. The CAT was chosen as it provides health status information relevant to patients, physicians, health technology agencies and payers. Lung function (forced expiratory volume in 1 s) and critical inhaler errors will also be assessed in a subgroup of patients. The strengths and weaknesses of the protocol and some of the challenges associated with conducting this multicountry study, such as differences in healthcare systems and treatment practices across sites, will also be discussed
 Single Inhaler Triple Therapy (fluticasone furoate + vilanterol trifenatate + umeclidinium bromide) (inhaled) - COPD;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Trelegy Ellipta Product Name: Fluticasone Furoate/Umeclidinium/Vilanterol Product Code: GW685698/GSK573719/GW642444 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed INN or Proposed INN: FLUTICASONE FUROATE CAS Number: 397864‐44‐7 Current Sponsor code: GW685698 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 100‐ INN or Proposed INN: Umeclidinium CAS Number: 869113‐09‐7 Current Sponsor code: GSK573719 Other descriptive name: GSK573719A Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 62.5‐ INN or Proposed INN: Vilanterol Trifenatate CAS Number: 503068‐34‐6 Current Sponsor code: GW642444 Other descriptive name: GW642444M Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 25‐ CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) which may be called emphysema or chronic bronchitis. ; MedDRA version: 20.0 Level: LLT Classification code 10010952 Term: COPD System Organ Class: 100000004855 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To compare the effectiveness of TRELEGY ELLIPTA with non‐ELLIPTA; MITT for the impact of COPD on wellbeing and daily life after 24 weeks’ treatment. Primary end point(s): Proportion of responders based on the COPD Assessment Test (CAT) at week 24. Response defined as change from baseline of CAT score = 2 at 24 weeks. Secondary Objective: Secondary: ; ‐ To compare the effectiveness of TRELEGY ELLIPTA with non‐ELLIPTA MITT on lung function after 24 weeks’ treatment.; ‐ To compare critical errors (CE) made by study participants using the ELLIPTA device with participants using selected non‐ ELLIPTA MITT after 24 weeks’ treatment.; Other:; ‐ To compare TRELEGY ELLIPTA with inhaled non‐ELLIPTA MITT for a clinically important deterioration (CID); ‐To quantify the incidence, rate and time to first moderate/severe COPD exacerbation for study participants on TRELEGY ELLIPTA compared with participants on non‐ELLIPTA MITT.; ‐To compare the effectiveness of TRELEGY ELLIPTA with non‐ELLIPTA MITT for COPD‐related Healthcare Resource Utilisation (HCRU).; Exploratory:; ‐To assess the data for correlation between critical errors and clinical outcomes; ‐To describe the patient study experience ; Safety:; ‐To compare safety for study participants using the ELLIPTA device with participants using non‐ELLIPTA MITT after 24 weeks’ treatment. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 24 weeks SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): 1. Change from baseline in Forced Expiratory Volume in one second (FEV1) at 24 weeks (subgroup of patients).; ; 2. Percentage of participants making at least 1 critical error in inhalation technique at the 24‐week visit. (subgroup of patients). ; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 24 weeks INCLUSION CRITERIA: Participants are eligible to be included in the study only if all of the following criteria apply: 1. Informed Consent: Capable of giving signed informed consent as described in Appendix 2 of study protocol which includes compliance with the requirements and restrictions listed in the informed consent form (ICF) and in this protocol. 2. COPD Diagnosis: Patients with a documented physician diagnosis of COPD. 3. Severity of COPD symptoms: A score of =10 on the COPD Assessment Test (CAT) at screening. 4. History of Exacerbations. Patients who have a history of treatment with systemic/oral corticosteroids, antibiotics and/or hospitalisation for at least one COPD exacerbation in the 3 years prior to randomisation. This will be captured through patient recall and/or medical records and must be documented in patients notes. Prior use of systemic/oral corticosteroids and/or antibiotics alone does not qualify as an exacerbation history unless the use was a
 Single Inhaler Triple Therapy (fluticasone furoate + vilanterol trifenatate + umeclidinium bromide) (inhaled) - COPD;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Trelegy Ellipta Product Name: Fluticasone Furoate/Umeclidinium/Vilanterol Product Code: GW685698/GSK573719/GW642444 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed INN or Proposed INN: FLUTICASONE FUROATE CAS Number: 397864‐44‐7 Current Sponsor code: GW685698 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 100‐ INN or Proposed INN: Umeclidinium CAS Number: 869113‐09‐7 Current Sponsor code: GSK573719 Other descriptive name: GSK573719A Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 62.5‐ INN or Proposed INN: Vilanterol Trifenatate CAS Number: 503068‐34‐6 Current Sponsor code: GW642444 Other descriptive name: GW642444M Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 25‐ CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) which may be called emphysema or chronic bronchitis. ; MedDRA version: 20.0 Level: LLT Classification code 10010952 Term: COPD System Organ Class: 100000004855 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To compare the effectiveness of TRELEGY ELLIPTA with non‐ELLIPTA MITT for the impact of COPD on wellbeing and daily life after 24 weeks’ treatment. Primary end point(s): Proportion of responders based on the COPD Assessment Test (CAT) at week 24. Response defined as change from baseline of CAT score = 2 at 24 weeks. Secondary Objective: Secondary: ; ‐ To compare the effectiveness of TRELEGY ELLIPTA with non‐ELLIPTA MITT on lung function after 24 weeks’ treatment.; ‐ To compare critical errors (CE) made by study participants using the ELLIPTA device with participants using selected non‐ ELLIPTA MITT after 24 weeks’ treatment.; Other:; ‐ To compare TRELEGY ELLIPTA with inhaled non‐ELLIPTA MITT for a clinically important deterioration (CID); ‐To quantify the incidence, rate and time to first moderate/severe COPD exacerbation for study participants on TRELEGY ELLIPTA compared with participants on non‐ELLIPTA MITT.; ‐To compare the effectiveness of TRELEGY ELLIPTA with non‐ELLIPTA MITT for COPD‐related Healthcare Resource Utilisation (HCRU).; Exploratory:; ‐To assess the data for correlation between critical errors and clinical outcomes; ‐To describe the patient study experience ; Safety:; ‐To compare safety for study participants using the ELLIPTA device with participants using non‐ELLIPTA MITT after 24 weeks’ treatment. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 24 weeks SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): 1. Change from baseline in Forced Expiratory Volume in one second (FEV1) at 24 weeks (subgroup of patients). ; ; 2. Percentage of participants making at least 1 critical error in inhalation technique at the 24‐week visit. (subgroup of patients). Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 24 weeks INCLUSION CRITERIA: Participants are eligible to be included in the study only if all of the following criteria apply: 1. Informed Consent: Capable of giving signed informed consent as described in Appendix 2 of study protocol which includes compliance with the requirements and restrictions listed in the informed consent form (ICF) and in this protocol. 2. COPD Diagnosis: Patients with a documented physician diagnosis of COPD. 3. Severity of COPD symptoms: A score of =10 on the COPD Assessment Test (CAT) at screening. Prior use of systemic/oral corticosteroids and/or antibiotics alone does not qualify as an exacerbation history unless the use 4. History of Exacerbations. Patients who have a history of treatment with systemic/oral corticosteroids, antibiotics and/or hospitalisation for at least one COPD exacerbation in the 3 years prior to randomisation. This will be captured through patient recall and/or medical records and must be documented in patients notes.
 Efficacy and safety of aclidinium/formoterol versus salmeterol/fluticasone: a phase 3 COPD study;  The efficacy and safety of twice‐daily aclidinium bromide/formoterol fumarate was compared with that of salmeterol/fluticasone propionate in patients with stable, moderate‐to‐severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).AFFIRM COPD (Aclidinium and Formoterol Findings in Respiratory Medicine COPD) was a 24‐week, double‐blind, double‐dummy, active‐controlled study. Patients were randomised (1:1) to aclidinium/formoterol 400/12 µg twice‐daily via Genuair/Pressair or salmeterol/fluticasone 50/500 µg twice‐daily via Accuhaler. The primary end‐point was peak forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1) at week 24. Other end‐points included Transition Dyspnoea Index (TDI) focal score at week 24, TDI and St George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) responders, COPD Assessment Test and SGRQ scores, assessment of COPD symptoms and exacerbations, use of reliever medication, and device preference. Adverse events were monitored throughout.In total, 933 patients were eligible (mean age 63.4 years, 65.1% male). Aclidinium/formoterol was superior to salmeterol/fluticasone in peak FEV1 and noninferior in TDI. Health status and reduction in exacerbation risk were similar in both groups. While both treatments were well tolerated, pneumonia occurred less frequently with aclidinium/formoterol than salmeterol/fluticasone.In stable COPD, aclidinium/formoterol significantly improved bronchodilation versus salmeterol/fluticasone, with equivalent benefits in symptom control and reduction in exacerbation risk. Both treatments were well tolerated and treatment‐related adverse events were less common with aclidinium/formoterol.
 BENEFIT–RISK PROFILES OF FLUTICASONE FUROATE/UMECLIDINIUM/VILANTEROL (FF/UMEC/VI) VS UMEC/VI IN PATIENTS WITH COPD: a MARKOV MODEL;  SESSION TITLE: New Insights into COPD and Its Complications SESSION TYPE: Original Investigations PRESENTED ON: October 18‐21, 2020 PURPOSE: Evaluating benefit–risk profiles is complex as different outcomes are affected in various ways by patient characteristics and treatments. A Markov model was applied post hoc to understand patient‐level benefit–risk of three treatment options using transition times to exacerbation, pneumonia and all‐cause mortality based on data from the IMPACT trial. METHODS: IMPACT was a Phase 3, randomized, double‐blind, 52‐week trial comparing once‐daily FF/UMEC/VI with FF/VI and UMEC/VI in patients with symptomatic chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) <50% predicted and ≥1 moderate or severe exacerbation in the prior year, or FEV1 50–<80% predicted and ≥2 moderate or ≥1 severe exacerbations in the prior year. On‐treatment patient‐time was split into 4 mutually exclusive disease states: death, exacerbation alone, pneumonia and baseline (when a patient is not in any of the first 3 states). A time‐inhomogeneous multistate Markov model assessed the time taken by patients to move between states. Transitions between states were analyzed using a stratified Cox proportional hazard model to evaluate the influence of covariates on events. A tool to calculate expected number of events and time in each state per patient‐year was developed. RESULTS: During...
 Evaluation of the compliance of COPD patients with inhaled drugs based on the gamification design with the Fogg's Behavior Model;  INTERVENTION: Gamification Intervention Group:On the basis of regular health education, patients are required to use inhalation education websites at least once a week, including the use of knowledge education modules and game challenge modules.;Conventional intervention group:Distribute COPD health education handouts and inhaled medication education handouts to patients, as well as demonstrate the steps of using inhaled medication to patients.; CONDITION: chronic obstructive pulmonary disease PRIMARY OUTCOME: Test of adherence to inhalers;Scoring Table for Operating Steps of Inhalers; SECONDARY OUTCOME: Modified Medical Research Council Dyspnea Scale, mMRC;COPD knowledge Questionnaire, COPD‐Q;the frequency of AECOPD;System Usability Scale, SUS;Self‐assessment test questionnaire for COPD patients, CAT;FEV/FVC%; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Diagnosed as primary COPD; 2. Individuals living alone can use WeChat independently or under the guidance of caregivers; 3. The inhaled preparations used are one of the following, Budesonide and Formoterol Fumarate Powder for Inhalation, Salmeterol Xinafoate and Fluticasone Propionate Powder for Inhalation, Tiotropium Bromide Powder for Inhalation, budesonide inhaler aerosol, indaterogron ammonium bromide inhaler aerosol; 4. Understand and agree to participate in this study and sign a written informed consent form.
 24-Hour Serial Spirometric Assessment of Once-Daily Fluticasone Furoate/Umeclidinium/Vilanterol Versus Twice-Daily Budesonide/Formoterol in Patients with COPD: analysis of the FULFIL Study;  Introduction: Few studies have utilized 24‐h serial spirometry to compare the effects of inhaled chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) therapies on lung function. The FULFIL study previously reported significant lung function improvements with once‐daily single‐inhaler fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) versus twice‐daily single‐inhaler budesonide/formoterol (BUD/FOR) in patients with symptomatic COPD at risk of exacerbations. Methods: This prespecified analysis evaluated 24‐h serial spirometry data from a subgroup of 406 patients in FULFIL. BUD/FOR twice‐daily dosing was maintained during 24‐h spirometry. A post hoc analysis evaluated serial forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1) at day 1 and week 24 by disease severity at screening (FEV1 < 50% predicted and no moderate or severe exacerbation in prior year, FEV1 < 50% predicted and ≥ 1 moderate or severe exacerbation in prior year, and FEV1 ≥ 50% and < 80% predicted and ≥ 2 moderate or ≥ 1 severe exacerbations in prior year). Results: Odds of achieving a ≥ 100‐mL increase from baseline in FEV1 within the first 6 h post dose on day 1 were significantly greater with FF/UMEC/VI than BUD/FOR [odds ratio 2.79 (95% confidence interval 1.56–4.98); p < 0.001]. FF/UMEC/VI led to greater improvements in weighted mean FEV1 over 0–6, 0–12, 0–24, and 12–24 h on day 1 and at week 24, with the greatest between‐group differences at week 24 (range 196–210 mL; all p < 0.001). Significant between‐treatment differences in FEV1 and forced vital capacity (FVC) in favor of FF/UMEC/VI versus BUD/FOR were seen at all time points at week 24 (FEV1 range 156–231 mL, all p < 0.001; FVC range 139–309 mL, all p ≤ 0.002). Serial FEV1 results were consistent irrespective of disease severity at screening. Conclusion: These findings further demonstrate sustained lung function benefits with once‐daily FF/UMEC/VI single‐inhaler triple therapy in patients with symptomatic COPD at risk of exacerbations across a range of disease severities.
 A randomised, double-blind, 5 treatment arms, 4-period, incomplete cross-over study to determine the effect of 6 weeks treatment of orally inhaled tiotropium + olodaterol fixed dose combination (FDC) (2.5 / 5 µg; and 5 / 5 µg) (delivered by the Respimat® Inhaler) compared with tiotropium (5 µg), olodaterol (5 µg ) and placebo (delivered by the Respimat® Inhaler) on lung hyperinflation and exercise endurance time during constant work rate cycle ergometry in patients with Chronic Obstructive Pulm;  INTERVENTION: Once daily inhalation of studymedication with the Respimat® inhaler with one of the following treatment arms (randomisation 1:1:1:1:1): ‐ fixed dose combinatie tiotropium‐olodaterol 2.5 / 5 *g ‐ fixed dose combinatie tiotropium‐olodaterol 5 / 5 *g ‐ tiotropium 5 *g ‐ olodaterol 5 *g, and ‐ placebo. During nine visits spirometry will be performed and in total 7 cycle ergometry tests will be done. CONDITION: ; chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ; COPD 10038716 PRIMARY OUTCOME: The primary study parameters are inspiratory capacity at isotime and endurance ; time during constant work rate cycle ergometry to symptom limitation at 75% ; Wcap (= maximal work capacity) after 6 weeks of treatment. ; SECONDARY OUTCOME: The secondary endpoints will also be assessed during the constant work rate ; cycle ergometry: ; ‐ Intensity of breathing discomfort at isotime during constant work rate cycle ; ergometry to symptom limitation at 75% Wcap after 6 weeks of ; treatment ; ‐ FEV1, FVC (trough, 1 hr post‐dose) ; ‐ Inspiratory capacity (IC) during constant work rate cycle ergometry to ; symptom limitation at 75% Wcap: pre‐exercise, during exercise and at end ; exercise ; ‐ Intensity of breathing discomfort during constant work rate cycle ergometry ; to symptom limitation at 75% Wcap: pre‐exercise, during exercise and at ; end‐exercise ; ‐ Intensity of leg discomfort during constant work rate cycle ergometry to ; symptom limitation at 75% Wcap: pre‐exercise, during exercise and at ; end‐exercise ; ‐ Locus of symptom limitation (breathing discomfort, leg discomfort, breathing ; and leg discomfort, other) during constant work rate cycle ergometry to symptom ; limitation at 75% Wcap ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. All patients must sign an informed consent consistent with ICH‐GCP guidelines prior to participation in the trial, which includes medication washout and restrictions. 2. All patients must have a diagnosis of chronic obstructive pulmonarydisease and must meet the following spirometric criteria: Patients must have relatively stable airway obstruction with a postbronchodilator FEV1 <80% of predicted normal (ECSC) ; GOLD II ‐ IV and a postbronchodilator FEV1/FVC <70% at Visit 1 (ECSC predicted normal equations) 3. Male or female patients, between 40 and 75 years of age (inclusive) on day of signing informed consent. 4. Patients must be current or ex‐smokers with a smoking history of more than 10 pack years. Patients who have never smoked cigarettes must be excluded. 5. Patients must be able to perform technically acceptable pulmonary function tests (spirometry), must be able to complete multiple symptom limited cycle ergometry tests durin
 A score to predict short-term risk of COPD exacerbations (SCOPEX);  Background: There is no clinically useful score to predict chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) exacerbations. We aimed to derive this by analyzing data from three existing COPD clinical trials of budesonide/formoterol, formoterol, or placebo in patients with moderate‐to‐very‐severe COPD and a history of exacerbations in the previous year. Methods: Predictive variables were selected using Cox regression for time to first severe COPD exacerbation. We determined absolute risk estimates for an exacerbation by identifying variables in a binomial model, adjusting for observation time, study, and treatment. The model was further reduced to clinically useful variables and the final regression coefficients scaled to obtain risk scores of 0–100 to predict an exacerbation within 6 months. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves and the corresponding C‐index were used to investigate the discriminatory properties of predictive variables. Results: The best predictors of an exacerbation in the next 6 months were more COPD maintenance medications prior to the trial, higher mean daily reliever use, more exacerbations during the previous year, lower forced expiratory volume in 1 second/forced vital capacity ratio, and female sex. Using these risk variables, we developed a score to predict short‐term (6‐month) risk of COPD exacerbations (SCOPEX). Budesonide/formoterol reduced future exacerbation risk more than formoterol or as‐needed short‐acting β2‐agonist (salbutamol). Conclusion: SCOPEX incorporates easily identifiable patient characteristics and can be readily applied in clinical practice to target therapy to reduce COPD exacerbations in patients at the highest risk.
 Assessing the appropriateness of pharmacological prescriptions for COPD to clinical guidelines: EPOCONSUL study;  Background: Adherence to clinical practice guidelines is far from optimal for most of the chronic diseases. Spain has implemented a phenotype based chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) guideline and there is scarce data about the follow‐up of this guideline. The aim of this study is to evaluate the suitability of the pharmacological treatment for COPD to the Spanish Guidelines (GesEPOC) recommendations in patients with COPD recruited at respiratory clinics around Spain. Methods: EPOCONSUL study is a observational, multicentre, cross‐sectional study aimed to audit clinical histories from stable COPD patients attended at respiratory offices. Patients were recruited prospectively from 62 centres around Spain along June 2014 to June 2015. Results: The EPOCONSUL study audited 4,501 medical histories from patients with COPD. Characteristics of study population showed 86.0% males, with a mean age (± SD) of 69.77±9.79 years. In 76.9% of the cases patients were attended at general respiratory offices. Baseline FEV1 values were 52.3%±18.4% of predicted. A COPD diagnosis using GesEPOC guidelines was performed in 2,087 patients (46.3%). The most preferred treatment option was the association of ICS/LABA in fixed‐dose combination and LAMA, that was used in 2,450 patients of the whole sample. Among patients with a diagnosis of COPD according to GesEPOC guidelines, the preferred form of treatment was: non‐exacerbators (LAMA/LABA 37.8%, LAMA/LABA/ICS 36.6%, LAMA 15.9% and LABA/ICS 4.9%), Asthma‐COPD overlap syndrome (LAMA/LABA/ICS 61.9%, LABA/ICS 21.9%, LAMA/LABA 10.3% and LAMA 2.9%), frequent exacerbator with emphysema (LAMA/LABA/ICS 69.2%, LAMA/LABA 18.3%, LABA/ICS 6.4%, and LAMA 3.2%) and finally frequent exacerbator with chronic bronchitis (LAMA/LABA/ICS 77.0%, LAMA/LABA 14.0%, LABA/ICS 5.9% and LAMA 1.1%). Conclusions: According to EPOCONSUL study data, the most used pharmacological option for COPD in Spain is triple therapy, which is prescribed in more than half of the patients. There are many appropriate prescriptions in patients with frequent exacerbations but not so in patients without frequent exacerbations.
 Indacaterol and glycopyrronium versus indacaterol on body plethysmography measurements in COPD-a randomised controlled study;  BACKGROUND: Dual bronchodilator therapy is recommended for symptomatic patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). There are limited data on effects of a combination of two long‐acting bronchodilators on lung function including body plethysmography. METHODS: This multicentre, randomised, double‐blind, single‐dose, cross‐over, placebo‐controlled study evaluated efficacy and safety of the free combination of indacaterol maleate (IND) and glycopyrronium bromide (GLY) versus IND alone on spirometric and body plethysmography parameters, including inspiratory capacity (IC), forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1), forced vital capacity (FVC), total lung capacity (TLC) and airway resistance (Raw) in moderate‐to‐severe COPD patients. RESULTS: Seventy‐eight patients with FEV1 % pred. (mean ± SD) 56 ± 13% were randomised. The combination of IND + GLY versus IND presented a numerically higher peak‐IC (Δ = 0.076 L, 95% confidence interval [CI]: ‐0.010 ‐ 0.161 L; p = 0.083), with a statistically significant difference in mean IC over 4 h (Δ = 0.054 L, 95%CI 0.022 ‐ 0.086 L; p = 0.001). FEV1, FVC and Raw, but not TLC, were consistently significantly improved by IND + GLY compared to IND alone. Safety profiles of both treatments were comparable. CONCLUSION: The free combination of IND + GLY improved lung function parameters as evaluated by spirometry and body plethysmography, with a similar safety profile compared to IND alone. TRIAL REGISTRATION: NCT01699685.
 Umeclidinium bromide added onto fluticasone furoate/ vilanterol in COPD - Study 2;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: Umeclidinium bromide (UMEC) Product Code: GSK573719 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed INN or Proposed INN: UMECLIDINIUM BROMIDE Current Sponsor code: GSK573719 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 62.5‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Product Name: Umeclidinium bromide (UMEC) Product Code: GSK573719 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed INN or Proposed INN: UMECLIDINIUM BROMIDE Current Sponsor code: GSK573719 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 125‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Product Name: Fluticasone Furoate/Vilanterol Product Code: GW685698/GW642444 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed INN or Proposed INN: FLUTICASONE FUROATE CAS Number: 397864‐44‐7 Current Sponsor code: GW685698 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 100‐ INN or Proposed INN: Vilanterol trifenatate CAS Number: 503070‐58‐4 Current Sponsor code: GW642444 Other descriptive name: Vilanterol trifenatate Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 25‐ CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) ; MedDRA version: 14.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10010952 Term: COPD System Organ Class: 100000004855 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: The primary objective is to evaluate the efficacy and safety of the addition of UMEC 125 mcg to FF/VI 100/25 mcg once‐daily and the addition of UMEC 62.5 mcg to FF/VI 100/25 mcg once‐daily, compared with placebo plus FF/VI 100/25 once‐daily over 12 weeks in subjects with COPD. Primary end point(s): Trough Forced Expiratory Volume in One Second (FEV1) on Day 85; Trough FEV1 on Day 85 is defined as the mean of the FEV1 values obtained 23 and 24 hours after dosing on Day 84 (i.e., at Week 12). Baseline trough FEV1 is the mean of the two assessments made at ‐30 and ‐5 minutes pre‐dose on Treatment Day 1.; Secondary Objective: The secondary objective is to evaluate the addition of UMEC 125 mcg to FF/VI 100/25 mcg once‐daily and the addition of UMEC 62.5 mcg to FF/VI 100/25 mcg once‐daily, compared with placebo plus FF/VI 100/25 once‐daily on COPD‐related health status assessments over 12 weeks in subjects with COPD. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Day 85 SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): Weighted mean (WM) 0‐6 hour FEV1 obtained post‐dose on Day 84 (Week 12) Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Day 84 INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Type of subject: Outpatient. 2. Informed Consent: A signed and dated written informed consent prior to study participation. 3. Age: Subjects 40 years of age or older at Visit 1. 4. Gender: Male or female subjects. A female is eligible to enter and participate in the study if she is of: Non‐child bearing potential (i.e., physiologically incapable of becoming pregnant, including any female who is post‐menopausal or surgically sterile). Surgically sterile females are defined as those with a documented hysterectomy and/or bilateral oophorectomy or tubal ligation. Post‐menopausal females are defined as being amenorrhoeic for greater than 1 year with an appropriate clinical profile, e.g., age appropriate, > 45 years, in the absence of hormone replacement therapy. OR Child bearing potential, has a negative pregnancy test at screening, and agrees to one of the following acceptable contraceptive methods used consistently and correctly (
 TIME-DEPENDENT RISK OF CARDIOVASCULAR EVENTS FOLLOWING AN EXACERBATION IN PATIENTS WITH COPD: POST HOC ANALYSIS FROM THE IMPACT TRIALl;  SESSION TITLE: Obstructive Lung Disease Posters SESSION TYPE: Original Investigation Posters PRESENTED ON: October 18‐21, 2020 PURPOSE: An increased risk of cardiovascular (CV) events following an exacerbation in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and with CV risk factors has been suggested. This analysis evaluated the time‐dependent risk of CV events following an exacerbation, using data from the IMPACT trial. METHODS: IMPACT was a Phase 3, randomized, double‐blind, 52‐week trial comparing once‐daily fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) with FF/VI and UMEC/VI in patients aged ≥40 years with symptomatic COPD and a history of exacerbations in the prior year. CV adverse events of special interest (CVAESI) included cardiac arrhythmia, cardiac failure, central nervous system hemorrhages and cerebrovascular conditions, hypertension and ischemic heart disease. This post hoc analysis assessed the risk (time to first [TTF]) of CVAESI or CVAESI resulting in hospitalization or death during an exacerbation and 1–30, 31–90 and 91–365 days following an exacerbation using a time‐dependent repeated measures Cox model. The hazard for a CV event was compared between the period before and after an exacerbation. These analyses were repeated by prior exacerbation history (≥2 moderate or ≥1 severe, <2 moderate and 0 severe) and CV risk factors at baseline (0, 1, ≥2). Exacerbation and CV events starting...
 Tiotropium and budesonide/formoterol compared with tiotropium alone for treatment of COPD;  A study was carried out to compare combination treatment with tiotropium plus budesonide/formoterol versus treatment with tiotropium alone in patienhts with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), in China. 58 subjects with diagnosed COPD were randomly divided into treatment group (n=30) and control group (n=28). The treatment group was given 18 micro g of tiotropium, once daily plus budesonide/formoterol, 160/4.5 micro g, twice daily. The control group was treated wwith tiotropium, 18 micro g, once daily. Symptoms and lung function were observed before and after treatment at 8 and 16 weeks. Significantly greater improvements from baseline in the FEV1 and SGRQ symptom scores were seen in the 2 groups at all time points (P<0.05). Compared with the control group, significantly greater improvements in the FEV1 and SGRQ symptom scores were seen in the treatment group at all time points (P<0.05). Patients in the treatment group had less need for daytime albuterol use (P<0.05). Both treatments were well‐tolerated. This study demonstrates that combination treatment with tiotropium plus budesonide/formoterol results in greater therapeutic benefits than tiotropium alone.
 Relationship between exercise endurance and static hyperinflation in a post hoc analysis of two clinical trials in patients with COPD;  Background: Lung hyperinflation and exercise intolerance are hallmarks of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). However, their relationship remains uncertain. A combined analysis of two placebo‐controlled, randomized studies examined the effects of the long‐acting muscarinic antagonist umeclidinium (UMEC) and long‐acting β2‐agonist vilanterol (VI) separately and in combination on static hyperinflation, exercise endurance time (EET), and their relationship in patients with COPD. Methods: Patients with moderate‐to‐severe stable COPD and resting functional residual capacity >120% predicted were randomized to UMEC/VI 62.5/25 μg, UMEC 62.5 μg, VI 25 μg, or placebo for 12 weeks. Inspiratory capacity (IC), residual volume (RV), total lung capacity (TLC), and EET in an endurance shuttle‐walk test were measured. In this post hoc analysis, IC/TLC, RV/TLC, and IC were used as hyperinflation markers. Results: After 12 weeks, UMEC/VI and UMEC and VI showed significant improvements in hyperinflation versus placebo when measured by absolute change from baseline in IC/TLC (trough and 3 hours postdose [P≤0.011]). UMEC/VI showed significant improvements versus UMEC and VI in absolute changes in IC/TLC (trough and 3 hours postdose [P≤0.001]). Statistical significance for comparisons with placebo and between treatments for absolute changes in IC and percentage changes in RV/TLC followed similar patterns to those for absolute changes in IC/TLC. UMEC/VI showed significant improvements in EET versus placebo at day 2 and week 12, measured as change from baseline in seconds (P≤0.002) and as a percentage from baseline (P≤0.005). There was a lack of evidence to suggest a correlation between improvements in static hyperinflation and EET at any time point. Conclusion: Although the dual bronchodilator UMEC/VI demonstrated greater improvements in static hyperinflation markers than UMEC or VI and significant improvements in exercise endurance, no direct relationship was observed between static hyperinflation and exercise endurance.
 Preventing clinically important deterioration with single-inhaler triple therapy in COPD;  Clinically important deterioration (CID) is a novel composite end‐point (lung function, health status, exacerbations) for assessing disease stability in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). We prospectively analysed CID in the FULFIL study. FULFIL (ClinicalTrials.gov NCT02345161; randomised, double‐blind, double‐dummy, multicentre study) compared 24 weeks of once daily, single‐inhaler fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) 100/62.5/25 µg with twice daily budesonide/formoterol (BUD/FOR) 400/12 μg in patients aged ≥40 years with symptomatic advanced COPD (Global Initiative for Chronic Obstructive Lung Disease group D). A subset of patients received study treatment for up to 52 weeks. Time to first CID event was assessed over 24 and 52 weeks using two approaches for the health status component: St George's Respiratory Questionnaire and COPD assessment test. FF/UMEC/VI significantly reduced the risk of a first CID event by 47‐52% versus BUD/FOR in the 24‐ and 52‐week populations using both CID definitions (p<0.001). The median time to first CID event was ≥169 days and ≤31 days with FF/UMEC/VI and BUD/FOR, respectively. Only stable patients with no CID at 24 weeks demonstrated sustained clinically important improvements in lung function and health status at 52 weeks versus those who had experienced CID. Once daily, single‐inhaler FF/UMEC/VI significantly reduced the risk of CID versus twice daily BUD/FOR with a five‐fold longer period without deterioration.
 Preventing clinically important deterioration with single-inhaler triple therapy in COPD;  Clinically important deterioration (CID) is a novel composite end‐point (lung function, health status, exacerbations) for assessing disease stability in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). We prospectively analysed CID in the FULFIL study. FULFIL (ClinicalTrials.gov NCT02345161; randomised, double‐blind, double‐dummy, multicentre study) compared 24 weeks of once daily, single‐inhaler fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) 100/62.5/25 µg with twice daily budesonide/formoterol (BUD/FOR) 400/12 μg in patients aged ≥40 years with symptomatic advanced COPD (Global Initiative for Chronic Obstructive Lung Disease group D). A subset of patients received study treatment for up to 52 weeks. Time to first CID event was assessed over 24 and 52 weeks using two approaches for the health status component: St George’s Respiratory Questionnaire and COPD assessment test. FF/UMEC/VI significantly reduced the risk of a first CID event by 47–52% versus BUD/FOR in the 24‐and 52‐week populations using both CID definitions (p<0.001). The median time to first CID event was ≥169 days and ≤31 days with FF/UMEC/VI and BUD/FOR, respectively. Only stable patients with no CID at 24 weeks demonstrated sustained clinically important improvements in lung function and health status at 52 weeks versus those who had experienced CID. Once daily, single‐inhaler FF/UMEC/VI significantly reduced the risk of CID versus twice daily BUD/ FOR with a five‐fold longer period without deterioration.
 New treatment options in COPD;  OBJECTIVE: To review the role of long‐acting bronchodilators in the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), including the importance of treatment adherence. SUMMARY: Overall, clinical trials show that compared with placebo and ipratropium, tiotropium significantly improves spirometric measures, increases quality‐of‐life scores, and is associated with fewer exacerbations. In addition, compared with salmeterol, tiotropium is associated with greater improvements in spirometric measures and clinically meaningful increases in quality‐of‐life measures. In comparison with either fluticasone or salmeterol alone, the fluticasone/salmeterol combination is associated with statistically greater improvement in spirometric and dyspnea measures; however, the combination is not associated with fewer exacerbations than either fluticasone or salmeterol used by itself. CONCLUSIONS: The 2003 update to the Global Initiative for Chronic Obstructive Lung Disease (GOLD) guidelines recommends regular treatment with long‐acting bronchodilators for maintenance COPD therapy because of superior effectiveness and convenience compared with short‐acting bronchodilators. The results from trials presented in this article demonstrate that inhaled tiotropium is effective in treating COPD and might be considered as a first‐line agent for maintenance therapy in view of its outcomes data. The convenience of once‐daily administration would probably contribute to patient adherence and thus to the overall efficacy of this agent.
 COMPARATIVE EFFICACY AND ADVERSE EFFECTS OF INDACATEROL-GLYCOPYRRONIUM VS. SALMETEROL-FLUTICASONE IN COPD MANAGEMENT: a RANDOMIZED CONTROLLED TRIAL;  Background: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) remains a significant public health concern with multiple therapeutic options available. This study aims to compare the efficacy and safety of two long‐acting bronchodilators, Indacaterol‐Glycopyrronium (Group A) and Salmeterol‐Fluticasone (Group B), in the management of COPD. Methods: This was a single‐center, randomized, active‐controlled, open‐label study conducted at the Varun Arjun Medical & Rohilkhand Hospital, Shahjahanpur, India. Sixty patients were allocated to each treatment group. Primary outcomes included changes in Forced Expiratory Volume in 1 Second (FEV1) and Forced Vital Capacity (FVC). Secondary outcomes were changes in the COPD Assessment Test (CAT) score and the occurrence of adverse effects. The study was approved by the Institutional Review Board and followed the Helsinki Declaration guidelines. Results: Both treatments led to statistically significant improvements in FEV1 and FVC, with p‐values of 0.205 and 0.169, respectively. The CAT score also improved significantly in both groups (p=0.083). Adverse effects were minimal and comparable between the two groups. Limitations: The study was conducted at a single center and had a relatively small sample size. The open‐label design and short follow‐up period of 12 weeks may also affect the generalizability of the findings. Conclusion: Both Indacaterol‐Glycopyrronium and Salmeterol‐Fluticasone were effective in improving lung function parameters and the quality of life in COPD patients, with minimal adverse effects. No significant difference in efficacy or safety was noted between the two treatments. Future multi‐centric trials with larger sample sizes are recommended.
 Indacaterol/glycopyrronium is cost-effective compared to salmeterol/fluticasone in COPD: fLAME-based modelling in a Swedish population;  BACKGROUND: This study assessed the cost‐effectiveness of indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY) versus salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) patients with moderate to very severe airflow limitation and ≥1 exacerbation in the preceding year. METHODS: A previously published and validated patient‐level simulation model was adapted using clinical data from the FLAME trial and real‐world cost data from the ARCTIC study. Costs (total monetary costs comprising drug, maintenance, exacerbation, and pneumonia costs) and health outcomes (life‐years (LYs), quality‐adjusted life‐years (QALYs)) were projected over various time horizons (1, 5, 10 years, and lifetime) from the Swedish payer's perspective and were discounted at 3% annually. Uncertainty in model input values was studied through one‐way and probabilistic sensitivity analyses. Subgroup analyses were also performed. RESULTS: IND/GLY was associated with lower costs and better outcomes compared with SFC over all the analysed time horizons. Use of IND/GLY resulted in additional 0.192 LYs and 0.134 QALYs with cost savings of €1211 compared with SFC over lifetime. The net monetary benefit (NMB) was estimated to be €8560 based on a willingness‐to‐pay threshold of €55,000/QALY. The NMB was higher in the following subgroups: severe (GOLD 3), high risk and more symptoms (GOLD D), females, and current smokers. CONCLUSION: IND/GLY is a cost‐effective treatment compared with SFC in COPD patients with mMRC dyspnea grade ≥ 2, moderate to very severe airflow limitation, and ≥1 exacerbation in the preceding year.
 Ethnic pharmacokinetic comparison of budesonide/glycopyrrolate/formoterol fumarate metered dose inhaler (BGF MDI) between asian and Western healthy subjects;  BACKGROUND: Budesonide/Glycopyrrolate/formoterol fumarate metered dose inhaler (BGF MDI) is a triple fixed‐dose combination approved for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) in Japan. The pharmacokinetics (PK) of budesonide (B), glycopyrronium (G), and formoterol (F) after BGF MDI administration were compared for Chinese, Japanese, and Western healthy subjects. METHODS: A pooled analysis (generalized linear mixed models) of four phase I, randomized double‐blind studies of BGF MDI (NCT01980615, NCT02189304, NCT03075267, NCT02197975) assessed area under the plasma concentration‐time curve 0‐12 hours (AUC0‐12) post‐dose and maximum plasma concentration (Cmax) for B, G, and F in Chinese (n = 32), Japanese (n = 15), and Western (n = 143) subjects. Ethnic sensitivity‐related risks on PK were evaluated based on intrinsic/extrinsic factors according to the ICH Ethnic Factors Guideline (E5). RESULTS: For all components, AUC0‐12 and Cmax were comparable in Chinese, Japanese, and Western subjects after a single dose of BGF MDI, except for G Cmax, which was slightly lower in Chinese versus Western subjects (Table). Of 10 ethnic insensitivity criteria, 6, 8, and 9 were met for B, G, and F, respectively. PII‐117 Table. CONCLUSION: The absence of important differences in B, G, and F PK exposure between Chinese, Japanese, and Western healthy subjects, together with the ethnic sensitivity findings, suggest that there are no appreciable ethnic differences with BGF MDI.
 Prospective validation of the endurance shuttle walking test in the context of bronchodilation in COPD;  This study focused on repeatability data and minimal important difference (MID) estimates of the endurance shuttle walking test (ESWT). 255 chronic obstructive pulmonary disease patients (forced expiratory volume in 1 s 54.7±13.2% predicted) completed four ESWTs at different times during the 8‐week study: two under baseline conditions with tiotropium (1 week apart), one after a single dose and one after 4 weeks of either fluticasone propionate/salmeterol combination or placebo in addition to tiotropium. 97 patients performed all the tests with a portable metabolic system. Reproducibility of test performance and cardiorespiratory response was investigated with the data obtained on the first two ESWTs. The mean differences between the first two ESWT performances (‐6.7±72.2 s and ‐7.3±113.1 m for endurance time and walking distance, respectively) were not statistically significant. The between‐test end‐exercise and isotime values for each cardiorespiratory parameter were not significantly different from each other. With the exception of arterial oxygen saturation by pulse oximetry, the repeatability of cardiorespiratory adaptations to ESWT was also confirmed with strong Pearson and intraclass correlation coefficients. Finally, changes of 56‐61 s and 70‐82 m in endurance time and distance walked, respectively, were perceived by patients. This study provides methodological information supporting the reliability of the ESWT and suggests MID estimates for this test.
 Cost effectiveness of therapy with combinations of long acting bronchodilators and inhaled steroids for treatment of COPD;  BACKGROUND: Little is known about the combination of different medications in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). This study determined the cost effectiveness of adding salmeterol (S) or fluticasone/salmeterol (FS) to tiotropium (T) for COPD. METHODS: This concurrent, prospective, economic analysis was based on costs and health outcomes from a 52 week randomised study comparing: (1) T 18 microg once daily + placebo twice daily (TP group); (2) T 18 microg once daily + S 25 microg/puff, 2 puffs twice daily (TS group); and (3) T 18 microg once daily + FS 250/25 microg/puff, 2 puffs twice daily (TFS group). The incremental cost effectiveness ratios (ICERs) were defined as incremental cost per exacerbation avoided, and per additional quality adjusted life year (QALY) between treatments. A combination of imputation and bootstrapping was used to quantify uncertainty, and extensive sensitivity analyses were performed. RESULTS: The average patient in the TP group generated CAN$2678 in direct medical costs compared with $2801 (TS group) and $4042 (TFS group). The TS strategy was dominated by TP and TFS. Compared with TP, the TFS strategy resulted in ICERs of $6510 per exacerbation avoided, and $243,180 per QALY gained. In those with severe COPD, TS resulted in equal exacerbation rates and slightly lower costs compared with TP. CONCLUSIONS: TFS had significantly better quality of life and fewer hospitalisations than patients treated with TP but these improvements in health outcomes were associated with increased costs. Neither TFS nor TS are economically attractive alternatives compared with monotherapy with T.
 Prospective analysis of adrenal function in patients with acute exacerbations of COPD: the reduction in the use of corticosteroids in exacerbated COPD (REDUCE) trial;  Objective: To analyze prospectively the hypothalamic‐pituitary‐adrenal (HPA) axis and clinical outcome in patients treated with prednisone for exacerbated chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Design: Prospective observational study. Subjects and methods: Patients presenting to the emergency department were randomized to receive 40 mg prednisone daily for 5 or 14 days in a placebo‐controlled manner. The HPA axis was longitudinally assessed with the 1 μg corticotropin test and a clinical hypocortisolism score at baseline, on day 6 before blinded treatment, at hospital discharge, and for up to 180 days of follow‐up. Prednisone was stopped abruptly, irrespective of the test results. Patients discharged with pathological test results received instructions about emergency hydrocortisone treatment. Results: A total of 311 patients were included in the analysis. Mean basal and stimulated serum total cortisol levels were highest on admission (496±398 and 816±413 nmol/l respectively) and lowest on day 6 (235±174 and 453±178 nmol/l respectively). Pathological stimulation tests were found in 63, 38, 9, 3, and 2% of patients on day 6, at discharge, and on days 30, 90, and 180 respectively, without significant difference between treatment groups. Clinical indicators of hypocortisolism did not correlate with stimulation test results, but cortisol levels were inversely associated with re‐exacerbation risk. There were no hospitalizations or deaths as a result of adrenal crisis. Conclusion: Dynamic changes in the HPA axis occur during and after the treatment of acute exacerbations of COPD. In hypocortisolemic patients who were provided with instructions about stress prophylaxis, the abrupt termination of prednisone appeared safe.
 A Randomised, Phase II, Double-Blind, Double-Dummy, four-period Crossover Efficacy and Safety Comparison of 4-Week Treatment Periods of Blinded Fluticasone (500 µg bid, MDI), Ciclesonide (400 µg qd, MDI), Ciclesonide (800 µg qd, MDI) or placebo in Free Combination with Open-Label Tiotropium (18 µg qd, HandiHaler®) and Salmeterol (50 µg bid, Diskus®) in Patients with COPD;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Spiriva 18 microgram, inhalation powder, hard capsule Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, hard capsule INN or Proposed INN: Tiotropium bromide Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 18 ‐ Trade Name: Serevent Diskus Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder INN or Proposed INN: Salmeterol xinafoate Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ Trade Name: Flixotide 250 µg Pharmaceutical Form: Pressurised inhalation, suspension INN or Proposed INN: Fluticasone propionate Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 250‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Pressurised inhalation, solution Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Trade Name: Alvesco 80 Inhaler and Alvesco 160 Inhaler Pharmaceutical Form: Pressurised inhalation, solution INN or Proposed INN: Ciclesonide Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 80 and 160‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Pressurised inhalation, solution Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) ; MedDRA version: 9.1 Level: PT Classification code 10009033 Term: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To evaluate and compare the effect on lung function parameters of the combination of salmeterol (50µg bid, Diskus) and tiotropium (18 µg capsule via Handihaler qd) and the four different treatments: ; ; a) 1000 µg fluticasone (2 puffs of 250 µg bid) ex valve; b) 400 µg ciclesonide (5 puffs of 80 µg qd) ex actuator; c) 800 µg ciclesonide (5 puffs of 160 µg qd) ex actuator; d) or placebo; ; at the end of 4‐week periods of randomised treatment. Primary end point(s): The primary endpoint will be trough forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) response determined at the end of four week treatment periods.; ; Trough FEV1 response is defined as the change from baseline in trough FEV1. Baseline is the pre‐treatment FEV1 measured just prior to first administration of the randomised treatment after the 4‐week run‐in period. Secondary Objective: To evaluate and compare the effect on:; 1. Trough FVC response; 2. FEV1 and FVC morning peak response at day 1 and 28; 3. FEV1 and FVC evening peak response at day 28; 4. FEV1 AUC0‐3h, FEV1 AUC12‐15h, FVC AUC0‐3h and FVC AUC12‐15h ; 5. Individual FEV1 and FVC measurements; 6. Trough and peak IC and VC response at day 1 and 28; 7. Peak Expiratory Flow; 8. Rescue therapy use; 9. Mahler Dyspnea Indices ; 10. Diffusing capacity for carbon monoxide ; 11. Fractional exhaled nitric oxide ; 12. Safety INCLUSION CRITERIA: Outpatients of either sex, aged = 40 years with a diagnosis of relatively stable, moderate to severe COPD [post bronchodilator 30%= FEV1<80% of predicted (ECSC criteria) and FEV1/FVC <70%] and with a smoking history of more than 10 pack years. Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range
 Single-Inhaler Triple Therapy in Patients with Advanced COPD: bayesian Modeling of the Healthcare Resource Utilization Data and Associated Costs from the IMPACT Trial;  Objectives: In the IMPACT trial (NCT02164513), triple therapy with fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) showed clinical benefit compared with dual therapy with either FF/VI or UMEC/VI in the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). We used data from IMPACT to determine whether this translated into differences in COPD‐related healthcare resource utilization (HRU) costs in a United Kingdom (UK) setting. Methods: In a within‐trial analysis, individual patient data from the IMPACT intention‐to‐treat (ITT) population were analyzed to estimate rates of COPD‐related HRU with FF/UMEC/VI, FF/VI, or UMEC/VI. A Bayesian approach was applied to address issues typically encountered with this kind of data, namely data missing due to early study withdrawal, subjects with zero reported HRU, and skewness. Rates of HRU were estimated under alternate assumptions of data being missing at random (MAR) or missing not at random (MNAR). UK‐specific unit costs were then applied to estimated HRU rates to calculate treatment‐specific costs. Results: Under each MNAR scenario, per patient per year (PPPY) rates of COPD‐related HRU were lowest amongst those patients who received treatment with FF/UMEC/VI compared with those receiving either FF/VI or UMEC/VI. Although absolute HRU rates and costs were typically higher for all treatment groups under MNAR scenarios versus MAR, final economic conclusions were robust to patient withdrawals. Conclusions: PPPY rates were typically lower with FF/UMEC/VI versus FF/VI or UMEC/VI.
 Impact of bronchodilator therapy on diaphragmatic function in sleep in COPD;  The impact of bronchodilation (BD) on diaphragm activation (electromyography, EMGdi) and force generation (transdiaphragmatic pressure, Pdi) during sleep in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) is unknown. We examined the effect of nocturnal BD on inspiratory neural drive (IND) in supine wakefulness (W) and sleep (non‐rapid eye movement stage 2, N2) at equivalent time‐points overnight. 20 patients with COPD (FRC 147±32%pred; post‐BD FEV1 56±16%pred) completed a double‐blinded, placebo‐controlled crossover study with two 2wk treatment arms (BD: aclidinium bromide/formoterol fumarate 400/12mcg, or Placebo, PL), polysomnography, and measurement of IND (EMGdi,%max) and Pdi(%max) during stable breathing in W at 2, 6 & 10h post‐dose and in N2 directly before W testing at 6 & 10h post‐dose. BD (vs PL) improved IC and FEV1 by up to 334±310mL and 184±170mL (p<0.05). In W, BD reduced EMGdi (‐21%) and Pdi (‐20%;p<0.05) for 2h post‐dose. At 6h post‐dose, BD decreased EMGdi (‐35%,p<0.05) in N2. BD did not alter neuromuscular efficiency (EMGdi/Pdi) in W or N2. Within each treatment, sleep decreased EMGdi vs W up to 35% (p<0.05) but didn't alter Pdi, such that EMGdi/Pdi decreased from W to N2 (p<0.05). Improved IND and respiratory mechanics (Pdi) after BD in wakefulness were associated with improvements in IND after BD during sleep. Neuromuscular efficiency was unchanged by BD despite the marked decrease in IND between W and N2 in both groups.
 48-week administration of olodaterol QD via Respimat® vs placebo and formoterol BID in patients with COPD: pooled safety analysis;  Background: The novel LABA olodaterol (O) has an acceptable safety profile in clinical studies of ≤4 weeks (wks). Objective: To evaluate the long‐term safety of O QD in patients (pts) with GOLD 2‐4 COPD. Methods: 4 randomised, double‐blind, placebo (P)‐controlled, parallel‐group studies (1: NCT00782210; 2: NCT00782509; A: NCT00793624; B: NCT00796653) investigated O (5 or 10 μg) QD via Respimat®, formoterol (F; 12 mg) BID via Aerolizer® (A and B) or P for 48 wks. Pts continued to receive usual care background COPD maintenance therapy including SAMA, LAMA, ICS and xanthines. An independent Mortality Adjudication Committee (MAC) evaluated fatalities before trial unblinding. Safety data from the pooled dataset are presented. Results: 3104 pts were included. No significant safety signals were identified. AEs, SAEs and deaths were balanced across groups, including treatment‐related respiratory and cardiac disorders (particularly relevant to b‐agonists). Based on MedDRA classification, there was 83% concordance between MAC and site investigator (SI) at System Organ Class (SOC) level although concordance was lower (70%) at Preferred Term level. There was a shift to a 'cardiac' SOC in 8 cases (15%) based on the SI determination. Conclusions: The safety profile for O 5 and 10 μg QD was satisfactory and comparable to F BID and P. (Table Presented).
 A study to assess the effects of PT003 and Placebo MDI on specific image based parameters in subjects with moderate to severe COPD;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: Glycopyrronium and Formoterol Fumarate Inhalation Aerosol (GFF MDI) Product Code: PT003 Pharmaceutical Form: Pressurised inhalation, suspension INN or Proposed INN: FORMOTEROL FUMARATE CAS Number: 43229‐80‐7 Other descriptive name: FORMOTEROL FUMARATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 4.8‐ INN or Proposed INN: GLYCOPYRRONIUM BROMIDE CAS Number: 596‐51‐0 Other descriptive name: glycopyrrolate Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 7.2‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Pressurised inhalation, suspension Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use CONDITION: Moderate to severe Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) ; MedDRA version: 18.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10010952 Term: COPD System Organ Class: 100000004855 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: The primary objective of this trial is to assess the effect of treatment with GFF MDI, twice daily (BID) compared with Placebo MDI on specific image‐based airway volumes and resistance in subjects with moderate to severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) following chronic dosing after two weeks treatment Primary end point(s): FRI Parameters:; ‐ Specific airway volume (siVaw); ‐ Specific airway resistance (siRaw); ; Secondary Objective: The secondary study objective is to compare the effects of GFF MDI on various Functional Respiratory Imaging (FRI) parameters and to compare the effects of GFF MDI and Placebo MDI on pulmonary function test (PFT) parameters. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Visit 2, 3, 4, and visit 5. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): FRI parameters: ; ‐ Airway volume (iVaw) ; ‐ Airway resistance (iRaw) ; ‐ Lobe volumes (iVlobes) ; ‐ Air trapping ; ‐ Internal lobar airflow distribution ; ‐ Low attenuation or emphysema score ; ‐ Blood vessel density or fibrosis score ; ‐ Airway wall thickness ; ‐ Mass of deposited particles per pre‐defined airway section ; ; Spirometry parameters: ; ‐ Forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) ; ‐ Forced vital capacity (FVC) ; ‐ Forced expiratory flow 25%‐75% (FEF 25‐75) ; ‐ Tiffeneau index (FEV1/FVC ratio) ; ‐ Inspiratory capacity (IC) ; ; Body plethysmography Parameters: ; ‐ Residual volume (RV) ; ‐ Total lung capacity (TLC) ; ‐ Functional residual capacity (FRC) ; ‐ Airway resistance (Raw) ; ‐ Specific airway resistance (SRaw) ; ‐ Specific airway conductance (SGaw) Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Visit 2, 3, 4, and visit 5. INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Give their signed written informed consent to participate. 2. Are at least 40 years of age and no older than 80 at Visit 1. 3. A female is eligible to enter and participate in the study if she is of: ‐ Non‐child bearing potential (ie, physiologically incapable of becoming pregnant, including any female who is 2 years post‐menopausal); or ‐ Child bearing potential, has a negative urine pregnancy test at Visit 1, and agrees to one of the following acceptable contraceptive methods used consistently and correctly as outlined below (ie, in accordance with the approved product label and the instructions of the physician for the duration of the study) from Visit 1 (Screening) until 14 days after Visit 5.: ‐ Complete abstinence from intercourse; or ‐ Implants of levonorgestrel inserted for at least 1 month prior to the study drug administration but not beyond the third successive year following insertion; or ‐ Injectable progestogen admini
 Clinically important deterioration in patients with COPD: a post-hoc analysis of ETHOS;  Background: Clinically important deterioration (CID) is a composite endpoint that evaluates key clinical features of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), and can provide useful information on treatment effects among patients with variable clinical presentations of COPD. Aim: To assess the impact of budesonide/glycopyrronium/formoterol fumarate dihydrate (BGF) triple therapy vs dual therapies on CID in ETHOS. Methods: In ETHOS (NCT02465567), patients with ≥1 moderate/severe exacerbation in the prior year were randomized to twice‐daily BGF (320/14.4/10 μg or 160/14.4/10 μg), glycopyrronium/formoterol fumarate dihydrate 14.4/10 μg (GFF), or budesonide/formoterol fumarate dihydrate 320/10 μg (BFF) for 52 weeks, administered via a metered dose Aerosphere inhaler. This post‐hoc analysis evaluated CID up to Week 52, defined by ≥1 of 4 components: a ≥100 mL decrease from baseline in trough forced expiratory volume in 1 second; a ≥4‐point increase from baseline in St George's Respiratory Questionnaire total score; a Transition Dyspnoea Index focal score of ‐1 or less; or a treatment‐emergent moderate/severe exacerbation. Results: Time to CID (median months [95% CI]) was longer with both BGF 320 (2.8 [2.8, 3.0]) and BGF 160 (2.8 [2.7, 2.8]) vs GFF (1.8 [1.2, 2.4]) and BFF (1.6 [1.1, 2.4]), with similar trends observed for CID components (Table). Conclusion: BGF reduced the risk of CID vs dual therapies in patients with COPD. (Figure Presented).
 Efficacy and safety of the dual bronchodilator combination umeclidinium/vilanterol in COPD by age and airflow limitation severity: a pooled post hoc analysis of seven clinical trials;  BACKGROUND: Elderly patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and those with more severe airway limitation are perceived to experience reduced efficacy from inhaled bronchodilators, especially those administered in a dry powder inhaler. This study compared the efficacy and safety of a long‐acting muscarinic antagonist/long‐acting β2‐agonist dry powder combination in elderly patients with COPD and patients with moderate‐to‐very severe airflow limitation. METHODS: This post hoc pooled analysis of seven randomized studies of ≥12 weeks' duration investigated the efficacy and safety of umeclidinium/vilanterol (UMEC/VI) 62.5/25 μg versus tiotropium (TIO) 18 μg or fluticasone propionate/salmeterol (FP/SAL) 250/50 μg. Change from baseline in trough forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1), a common efficacy measure in all trials, proportion of FEV1 responders (≥100 mL increase from baseline) and safety outcomes were analyzed at Day 28, 56, and 84 in patients classified by age (<65, ≥65, and ≥75 years of age) and severity of baseline airflow limitation (Global initiative for chronic Obstructive Lung Disease [GOLD] stage 2 [moderate] and stage 3/4 [severe/very severe]). A 24‐week analysis was also conducted for the UMEC/VI versus TIO comparison. RESULTS: The pooled intent‐to‐treat population comprised 3821 patients (≥65 years: 44‐45%; ≥75 years: 9‐10%; GOLD stage 3/4: 50‐55%); 2246, 874, and 701 patients received UMEC/VI, TIO, or FP/SAL, respectively. Significant improvements in trough FEV1 at Day 84 were observed with UMEC/VI versus TIO or FP/SAL irrespective of age (all p ≤ 0.029) or GOLD stage (all p < 0.001). The proportion of FEV1 responders at Day 84 was significantly greater with UMEC/VI versus TIO or FP/SAL across all age groups (all p ≤ 0.016) and GOLD stages (all p < 0.001). Safety profiles were similar between treatment groups. CONCLUSION: UMEC/VI consistently demonstrated improved lung function versus TIO and FP/SAL across age and airflow limitation severity subgroups, with no safety concerns, indicating that UMEC/VI provides no loss in efficacy or additional safety concerns for both elderly patients with COPD and patients with severe/very severe airway limitation.
 A study to assess COPD Symptom-based Management and to Optimise treatment Strategy in Japan (COSMOS-J) based on GOLD 2011;  BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: The Global initiative for chronic Obstructive Lung Disease (GOLD) Committee has proposed a chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) assessment framework focused on symptoms and on exacerbation risk. This study will evaluate a symptom and exacerbation risk‐based treatment strategy based on GOLD in a real‐world setting in Japan. Optimal management of COPD will be determined by assessing symptoms using the COPD Assessment Test (CAT) and by assessing the frequency of exacerbations. METHODS: This study (ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT01762800) is a 24‐week, multicenter, randomized, double‐blind, double‐dummy, parallel‐group study. It aims to recruit 400 patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD. Patients will be randomized to receive treatment with either salmeterol/fluticasone propionate (SFC) 50/250 μg twice daily or with tiotropium bromide 18 μg once daily. Optimal management of patients will be assessed at four‐weekly intervals and, if patients remain symptomatic, as measured using the CAT, or experience an exacerbation, they have the option to step up to treatment with both drugs, ie, SFC twice daily and tiotropium once daily (TRIPLE therapy). The primary endpoint of the study will be the proportion of patients who are able to remain on the randomized therapy. RESULTS: No data are available. This paper summarizes the methodology of the study in advance of the study starting. CONCLUSION: The results of this study will help physicians to understand whether TRIPLE therapy is more effective than either treatment strategy alone in controlling symptoms and exacerbations in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD. It will also help physicians to understand the GOLD recommendation work in Japan.
 Peak Inspiratory Flow Rate in COPD: an Analysis of Clinical Trial and Real-World Data;  Background: The influence of peak inspiratory flow (PIF) on dose delivery from dry powder inhalers (DPIs) and association with treatment efficacy in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) has not been fully determined. In vitro studies have demonstrated adequate dose delivery through ELLIPTA DPI at PIF ≥30 L/min. This analysis of two clinical trials and a real‐world population of COPD patients determined spirometric PIF distribution, and explored the relationship between PIF and outcomes in the trials. Methods: The replicate Phase IV, 12‐week, randomized, double‐blind 207608/207609 (NCT03478683/NCT03478696) trials evaluated fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol via ELLIPTA DPI versus budesonide/formoterol+tiotropium in COPD patients. This post hoc analysis assessed spirometric PIF distribution at screening and relationship between PIF and lung function outcomes in the pooled 207608/207609 population. Spirometric PIF distributions in a real‐world population of COPD patients were evaluated by retrospective analysis of the Kaiser Permanente Northwest (KPNW) database to assess similarities between clinical trial and real‐world populations. Results: A total of 1460 (207608/207609) and 3282 (KPNW) patients were included. There was considerable overlap between spirometric PIF distributions for both populations. Overall, 99.7% and 99.8% of the 207608/207609 and KPNW populations, respectively, reported spirometric PIF ≥50 L/min, estimated as equivalent to ELLIPTA PIFR ≥30 L/min. In the 207608/207609 combined analysis, there was no significant interaction between spirometric PIF and treatment for lung function endpoints, indicating treatment effect is independent of PIF. Conclusion: Nearly all COPD patients in the 207608/207609 and KPNW populations achieved spirometric PIF values estimated as equivalent to PIFR of ≥30 L/min through the ELLIPTA DPI. Lack of correlation between spirometric PIF at screening and treatment efficacy aligns with consistent dose performance from the ELLIPTA DPI across a wide range of PIFs, achieved by patients with COPD of all severities.
 Indacaterol/glycopyrronium versus salmeterol/fluticasone in the prevention of clinically important deterioration in COPD: results from the FLAME study;  BACKGROUND: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is a progressive disease and a composite endpoint could be an indicator of treatment effect on disease worsening. This post‐hoc analysis assessed whether indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY) 110/50 μg once daily reduced the risk of clinically important deterioration (CID) versus salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) 50/500 μg twice daily in moderate‐to‐very severe COPD patients from the FLAME study. METHODS: CID was defined as ≥100 mL decrease in forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1) or ≥ 4‐unit increase in St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) total score or a moderate‐to‐severe COPD exacerbation. Changes from baseline in the rate of moderate and severe exacerbations, time to first moderate‐to‐severe exacerbation, and change from baseline in the SGRQ score, measured after Week 12 up to Week 52, were assessed by presence of early CID (CID+) or absence of CID (CID‐) at Week 12. RESULTS: IND/GLY significantly delayed the time to CID (hazard ratio [HR] (95% confidence interval [CI]), 0.72 [0.67‐0.78]; P < 0.0001), and reduced the incidences of CID versus SFC. Additionally, IND/GLY delayed the time to CID in all patient subgroups. After 12 weeks until 52 weeks, CID+ patients had a significantly higher rate of moderate‐to‐severe exacerbations versus CID‐ patients (P < 0.0001); moreover, CID+ patients experienced moderate‐to‐severe exacerbations significantly earlier versus CID‐ patients (P < 0.0001). CID+ patients had a comparable change in the SGRQ total score versus CID‐ patients. CONCLUSIONS: IND/GLY reduced the risk of CID versus SFC. CID had a significant impact on long‐term exacerbation outcomes in patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD and a history of ≥1 exacerbations in the previous year. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Clinicaltrials.gov NCT01782326 .
 Response to Indacaterol/Glycopyrronium (IND/GLY) by Sex in Patients with COPD: a Pooled Analysis from the IGNITE Program;  In this pooled analysis, we compared the effect of indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY) by sex versus other commonly used chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) treatments and placebo. Male and female patients with moderate‐to‐very‐severe COPD who had participated in six randomized controlled trials were included in the analysis. Baseline demographics and disease characteristics were analyzed by sex, and any differences noted. The effects of IND/GLY versus salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC), glycopyrronium, tiotropium and placebo, on lung function and the patient‐reported outcomes (health status, dyspnea, rescue medication use and symptoms) were assessed by sex after 26 weeks treatment. The analysis population comprised 4719 men and 1389 women. Most baseline parameters differed significantly between men and women. Nonetheless, despite these differences in baseline characteristics, IND/GLY significantly improved lung function versus placebo (p < 0.0001) and all active comparators (p < 0.01) in men and women. Overall, IND/GLY showed better improvement in dyspnea and health status compared with all other treatments in both sex. Greater reduction of rescue medication use was observed with IND/GLY versus placebo and other treatments (all p < 0.01 expect IND/GLY versus SFC). Although some variability was observed, improvements in health status, dyspnea, rescue medication use and symptoms were generally larger in women than in men. Irrespective of sex, IND/GLY provided superior efficacy to monotherapy or SFC in both men and women. Small differences in efficacy response by sex were observed, which should be evaluated further in prospective clinical studies. Nevertheless, the benefits observed with IND/GLY confirm dual bronchodilator as the preferred therapy in patients with moderate‐to‐very‐severe COPD regardless of sex.
 Response to Indacaterol/Glycopyrronium (IND/GLY) by Sex in Patients with COPD: a Pooled Analysis from the IGNITE Program;  In this pooled analysis, we compared the effect of indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY) by sex versus other commonly used chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) treatments and placebo. Male and female patients with moderate‐to‐very‐severe COPD who had participated in six randomized controlled trials were included in the analysis. Baseline demographics and disease characteristics were analyzed by sex, and any differences noted. The effects of IND/GLY versus salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC), glycopyrronium, tiotropium and placebo, on lung function and the patient‐reported outcomes (health status, dyspnea, rescue medication use and symptoms) were assessed by sex after 26 weeks treatment. The analysis population comprised 4719 men and 1389 women. Most baseline parameters differed significantly between men and women. Nonetheless, despite these differences in baseline characteristics, IND/GLY significantly improved lung function versus placebo (p < 0.0001) and all active comparators (p < 0.01) in men and women. Overall, IND/GLY showed better improvement in dyspnea and health status compared with all other treatments in both sex. Greater reduction of rescue medication use was observed with IND/GLY versus placebo and other treatments (all p < 0.01 expect IND/GLY versus SFC). Although some variability was observed, improvements in health status, dyspnea, rescue medication use and symptoms were generally larger in women than in men. Irrespective of sex, IND/GLY provided superior efficacy to monotherapy or SFC in both men and women. Small differences in efficacy response by sex were observed, which should be evaluated further in prospective clinical studies. Nevertheless, the benefits observed with IND/GLY confirm dual bronchodilator as the preferred therapy in patients with moderate‐to‐very‐severe COPD regardless of sex.
 The 24-h FEV1 time profile of olodaterol QD delivered via Respimat® in COPD: results from two 6-week studies;  Background: Olodaterol (O) is a novel inhaled LABA. Objective: To evaluate the 24‐h lung function profile of O QD in patients (pts) with GOLD 2‐4 COPD. Methods: In two replicate, randomised, double‐blind, placebo (P)‐controlled, 6‐week (wk), crossover studies, pts received O (5 or 10 μg) QD via Respimat®, tiotropium (T; 18 μg) QD via HandiHaler® or P for 6 wks (Study 1: NCT01040689; Study 2: NCT01040728). Pts continued with ICS and xanthines as background therapy. Co‐primary end points were change from study baseline (response) in FEV1 AUC0‐12 and FEV1 AUC12‐24; secondary end points were FEV1 AUC0‐3, FEV1 AUC0‐24 and trough FEV1 response after 6 wks of treatment. Results: 108 and 122 pts were treated in Studies 1 and 2, respectively. Significant bronchodilation vs P was evident over the full 24‐h dosing interval for O and T QD. (Table presented) Conclusions: These data confirm the 24‐h lung function efficacy profile of O QD. Funding: Boehringer Ingelheim.
 Lung function efficacy of olodaterol QD delivered via respimat® in COPD patients: results from two 48-week studies;  Background: The novel inhaled LABA olodaterol (O) has 24‐h bronchodilator activity. Objective: To assess the efficacy of O QD in GOLD 2‐4 COPD patients (pts). Methods: In two replicate, randomized, double‐blind, placebo (P)‐controlled, parallel‐group studies, pts with post‐bronchodilator FEV1 < 80% predicted normal and FEV1/FVC < 70% received O (5 or 10 μg) QD or P (both via Respimat®) for 48 weeks (wks) (Study 1: NCT00782210; Study 2: NCT00782509). Pts continued to receive usual care background COPD maintenance therapy, including SAMA, LAMA, ICS and xanthines. Co‐primary end points were change from study baseline (response) in FEV1 AUC0‐3 and trough FEV1 after 12 wks. Results: 624 (Study 1) and 642 (Study 2) pts were treated. In both studies, O 5 and 10 μg provided statistically significant improvements in the co‐primary end points after 12 wks vs P. Conclusions: O 5 and 10 μg QD over 48 wks provided significant improvements in lung function vs P in pts with moderate to very severe COPD with a magnitude of response in line with expectations for a bronchodilator used in a pt population on multiple concomitant COPD therapies. (Figure Presented).
 Lung function efficacy of olodaterol QD delivered via Respimat® in COPD patients: results from two 48-week studies;  Background: The novel inhaled LABA olodaterol (O) has 24‐h bronchodilator activity. Objective: To assess the efficacy of O QD in GOLD 2‐4 COPD patients (pts). Methods: In two replicate, randomised, double‐blind, placebo (P)‐controlled, parallel‐group studies, pts with post‐bronchodilator FEV1 <80% predicted normal and FEV1/FVC <70% received O (5 or 10 μg) QD or P (both via Respimat®) for 48 weeks (wks) (Study 1: NCT00782210; Study 2: NCT00782509). Pts continued to receive usual care background COPD maintenance therapy, including SAMA, LAMA, ICS and xanthines. Co‐primary end points were change from study baseline (response) in FEV1 AUC0‐3 and trough FEV1 after 12 wks. Results: 624 (Study 1) and 642 (Study 2) pts were treated. In both studies, O 5 and 10 μg provided statistically significant improvements in the co‐primary end points after 12 wks vs P. (Table presented) Results were consistent for FEV1 AUC0‐3 and trough FEV1 response over 48 wks. Conclusions: O 5 and 10 μg QD over 48 wks provided significant improvements in lung function vs P in pts with moderate to very severe COPD with a magnitude of response in line with expectations for a bronchodilator used in a pt population on multiple concomitant COPD therapies.
 Once-Daily Single-Inhaler Triple versus Dual Therapy in Patients with COPD;  BACKGROUND: The benefits of triple therapy for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) with an inhaled glucocorticoid, a long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA), and a long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA), as compared with dual therapy (either inhaled glucocorticoid‐LABA or LAMA‐LABA), are uncertain. METHODS: In this randomized trial involving 10,355 patients with COPD, we compared 52 weeks of a once‐daily combination of fluticasone furoate (an inhaled glucocorticoid) at a dose of 100 μg, umeclidinium (a LAMA) at a dose of 62.5 μg, and vilanterol (a LABA) at a dose of 25 μg (triple therapy) with fluticasone furoate‐vilanterol (at doses of 100 μg and 25 μg, respectively) and umeclidinium‐vilanterol (at doses of 62.5 μg and 25 μg, respectively). Each regimen was administered in a single Ellipta inhaler. The primary outcome was the annual rate of moderate or severe COPD exacerbations during treatment. RESULTS: The rate of moderate or severe exacerbations in the triple‐therapy group was 0.91 per year, as compared with 1.07 per year in the fluticasone furoate‐vilanterol group (rate ratio with triple therapy, 0.85; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.80 to 0.90; 15% difference; P<0.001) and 1.21 per year in the umeclidinium‐vilanterol group (rate ratio with triple therapy, 0.75; 95% CI, 0.70 to 0.81; 25% difference; P<0.001). The annual rate of severe exacerbations resulting in hospitalization in the triple‐therapy group was 0.13, as compared with 0.19 in the umeclidinium‐vilanterol group (rate ratio, 0.66; 95% CI, 0.56 to 0.78; 34% difference; P<0.001). There was a higher incidence of pneumonia in the inhaled‐glucocorticoid groups than in the umeclidinium‐vilanterol group, and the risk of clinician‐diagnosed pneumonia was significantly higher with triple therapy than with umeclidinium‐vilanterol, as assessed in a time‐to‐first‐event analysis (hazard ratio, 1.53; 95% CI, 1.22 to 1.92; P<0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Triple therapy with fluticasone furoate, umeclidinium, and vilanterol resulted in a lower rate of moderate or severe COPD exacerbations than fluticasone furoate‐vilanterol or umeclidinium‐vilanterol in this population. Triple therapy also resulted in a lower rate of hospitalization due to COPD than umeclidinium‐vilanterol. (Funded by GlaxoSmithKline; IMPACT ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT02164513 .).
 Effectiveness of fluticasone furoate-vilanterol for COPD in clinical practice;  BACKGROUND: Evidence for the management of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) comes from closely monitored efficacy trials involving groups of patients who were selected on the basis of restricted entry criteria. There is a need for randomized trials to be conducted in conditions that are closer to usual clinical practice. METHODS: In a controlled effectiveness trial conducted in 75 general practices, we randomly assigned 2799 patients with COPD to a once‐daily inhaled combination of fluticasone furoate at a dose of 100 μg and vilanterol at a dose of 25 μg (the fluticasone furoate‐vilanterol group) or to usual care (the usual‐care group). The primary outcome was the rate of moderate or severe exacerbations among patients who had had an exacerbation within 1 year before the trial. Secondary outcomes were the rates of primary care contact (contact with a general practitioner, nurse, or other health care professional) and secondary care contact (inpatient admission, outpatient visit with a specialist, or visit to the emergency department), modification of the initial trial treatment for COPD, and the rate of exacerbations among patients who had had an exacerbation within 3 years before the trial, as assessed in a time‐to‐event analysis. RESULTS: The rate of moderate or severe exacerbations was significantly lower, by 8.4% (95% confidence interval, 1.1 to 15.2), with fluticasone furoate‐vilanterol therapy than with usual care (P=0.02). There was no significant difference in the annual rate of COPD‐related contacts to primary or secondary care. There were no significant between‐group differences in the rates of the first moderate or severe exacerbation and the first severe exacerbation in the time‐to‐event analyses. There were no excess serious adverse events of pneumonia in the fluticasone furoate‐vilanterol group. The numbers of other serious adverse events were similar in the two groups. CONCLUSIONS: In patients with COPD and a history of exacerbations, a once‐daily treatment regimen of combined fluticasone furoate and vilanterol was associated with a lower rate of exacerbations than usual care, without a greater risk of serious adverse events. (Funded by GlaxoSmithKline; Salford Lung Study ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT01551758 .).
 Acute effects of indacaterol on lung hyperinflation in moderate COPD: a comparison with tiotropium;  BACKGROUND: Evidence has been provided that high‐dose indacaterol (300 μg) can reduce lung hyperinflation in moderate‐to‐severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). AIM: To study whether low‐dose indacaterol (150 μg) also reduces lung hyperinflation in comparison with the recommended dose of tiotropium (18 μg) in moderate COPD. METHODS: This was a multicenter, randomized, blinded, 3‐period cross‐over, placebo‐controlled study. Spirometry and lung volumes were measured before and 30, 60, 120, 180 and 240 min after the administration of single‐doses of indacaterol, tiotropium, or placebo. The primary end‐point was the change in peak inspiratory capacity (IC). The area under the 4‐h curve (AUC(0‐4)) for IC, 1‐s forced expiratory volume (FEV(1)) and forced vital capacity (FVC) were secondary variables. RESULTS: 49 patients completed the study. On average, peak IC and AUC(0‐4) for IC were significantly greater after indacaterol than placebo by 177 mL (p = 0.007) and 142 mL (p = 0.001), respectively. Differences in peak IC and AUC(0‐4) for IC between tiotropium and placebo were 120 mL (p = 0.07) and 85 mL (p = 0.052), respectively. Differences between indacaterol and tiotropium were statistically insignificant. Peak IC increased by >20% in 12 patients with indacaterol and 9 with tiotropium (p = 0.001), and by >30% in 8 patients with indacaterol and 3 with tiotropium (p = 0.001). The effects of indacaterol and tiotropium on FEV(1) and FVC were statistically significant vs placebo. CONCLUSIONS: Low‐dose indacaterol has a bronchodilator effect that is similar to the recommended dose of tiotropium, but it is slightly superior in reducing lung hyperinflation. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov number: NCT00999908.
 COPD exacerbation costs in the IMPACT study: a within-trial analysis;  OBJECTIVES: Exacerbations account for the greatest proportion of costs associated with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Here we aimed to evaluate, from the US payer perspective, the costs associated with moderate and severe COPD exacerbation events for patients treated with fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) compared with FF/VI or UMEC/VI. STUDY DESIGN: This post hoc, within‐trial economic analysis used data derived from the InforMing the PAthway of COPD Treatment (IMPACT) study (NCT02164513). METHODS: Treatment groups within the IMPACT trial received either triple therapy with FF/UMEC/VI (100/62.5/25 mcg) or dual therapy (FF/VI [100/25 mcg] or UMEC/VI [62.5/25 mcg]). The primary end point for this IMPACT post hoc analysis was cost differences between the treatment arms related to 1‐year on‐treatment combined moderate and severe COPD exacerbation events. RESULTS: The final study sample for this within‐trial analysis consisted of 10,355 patients, 49% of whom experienced an on‐treatment moderate or severe exacerbation during the study. The mean 1‐year on‐treatment cost estimate associated with combined moderate and severe exacerbations was highest with UMEC/VI and lowest with FF/UMEC/VI ($6205 vs $4913, respectively). Mean cost differences were statistically significant for all pairwise comparisons of FF/UMEC/VI with FF/VI or UMEC/VI (‐$549 [95% CI, ‐$565 to ‐$533] and ‐$1292 [95% CI, ‐$1313 to ‐$1272], respectively; both P <.0001). CONCLUSIONS: Treatment with FF/UMEC/VI compared with FF/VI or UMEC/VI in the US healthcare system resulted in lower exacerbation‐related costs for combined moderate/severe exacerbation events, as well as moderate and severe exacerbations separately.
 Efficacy and safety of once-daily umeclidinium/vilanterol 62.5/25 mcg in COPD;  Study objective To examine the efficacy and safety of the once‐daily, inhaled, long‐acting muscarinic antagonist/β2‐agonist combination umeclidinium/vilanterol (UMEC/VI) compared with UMEC and VI monotherapies in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Methods In this 24‐week, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, parallel‐group study (ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT01313650) eligible patients were randomised 3:3:3:2 to treatment with UMEC/VI 62.5/25 mcg, UMEC 62.5 mcg, VI 25 mcg or placebo administered once daily via dry powder inhaler (N = 1532; intent‐to‐treat population). Primary endpoint was trough forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) on Day 169 (23‐24 h post‐dose). Additional lung‐function, symptomatic, and health‐related quality‐of‐life endpoints were assessed, including 0‐6 h weighted‐mean FEV1, rescue salbutamol use, Transition Dyspnoea Index (TDI), Shortness Of Breath With Daily Activity (SOBDA) and St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) scores. Safety evaluations included adverse events (AEs), vital signs, 12‐lead/24‐h Holter electrocardiography parameters and clinical laboratory/haematology measurements. Results All active treatments produced statistically significant improvements in trough FEV 1 compared with placebo on Day 169 (0.072‐0.167 L, all p < 0.001); increases with UMEC/VI 62.5/25 mcg were significantly greater than monotherapies (0.052‐0.095 L, p ≤ 0.004). Improvements were observed for UMEC/VI 62.5/25 mcg vs placebo for weighted‐mean FEV1 on Day 168 (0.242 L, p < 0.001), rescue salbutamol use during Weeks 1‐24 (‐0.8 puffs/day, p = 0.001), TDI (1.2 units, p < 0.001), SOBDA (‐0.17 units, p < 0.001) and SGRQ (‐5.51 units, p < 0.001) scores. No clinically‐significant changes in vital signs, electrocardiography, or laboratory parameters were observed. Conclusion Once‐daily UMEC/VI 62.5/25 mcg was well tolerated and provided clinically‐significant improvements in lung function and symptoms in patients with COPD.
 Single-inhaler triple therapy and health-related quality of life in COPD: the IMPACT study;  INTRODUCTION: The phase 3 InforMing the PAthway of COPD (chronic obstructive pulmonary disease) Treatment (IMPACT) trial, single‐inhaler therapy with fluticasone furoate (FF) 100 μg, umeclidinium (UMEC) 62.5 μg, and vilanterol (VI) 25 μg demonstrated a reduction in the rate of moderate or severe exacerbations compared with FF/VI or UMEC/VI in patients with symptomatic COPD at risk of exacerbations. This article reports additional evidence of improvements in symptoms and health‐related quality of life (HRQoL) with FF/UMEC/VI compared with either FF/VI or UMEC/VI from the IMPACT study. METHODS: Patient‐reported HRQoL assessments and symptom measures included as pre‐specified IMPACT end points were the St George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ), COPD Assessment Test (CAT), and Baseline Dyspnea Index (BDI) as the anchor for the Transitional Dyspnea Index (TDI) focal score (BDI/TDI) in a subset of patients enrolled at study sites in North America and Europe. Change from baseline was assessed at weeks 4, 28, and 52. RESULTS: The intent‐to‐treat population included 10,355 patients (TDI population: 5058 patients). Clinically meaningful improvements in SGRQ total score between baseline and week 52 favored FF/UMEC/VI over FF/VI (‐ 1.8 units, p < 0.001) and UMEC/VI (‐ 1.8 units, p < 0.001). Similar improvements in the CAT and TDI focal score were also observed with FF/UMEC/VI versus FF/VI or UMEC/VI. CONCLUSIONS: This study demonstrates that in patients with symptomatic COPD at risk of exacerbations, once‐daily FF/UMEC/VI, compared with FF/VI or UMEC/VI, improves patient‐perceived HRQoL and symptoms. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: NCT02164513.
 Prognostic value of clinically important deterioration in copd: impact trial analysis;  Introduction: Clinically important deterioration (CID) is a multicomponent measure for assessing disease worsening in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). This analysis investigated the prognostic value of a CID event on future clinical outcomes and the effect of single‐inhaler triple versus dual therapy on reducing CID risk in patients in the IMPACT trial. Methods: IMPACT was a phase III, double‐blind, 52‐week, multicentre trial. Patients with symptomatic COPD and at least one moderate/severe exacerbation in the prior year were randomised 2:2:1 to fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) 100/62.5/25 µg, FF/VI 100/25 µg or UMEC/VI 62.5/25 µg. CID at the time‐point of interest was defined as a moderate/severe exacerbation, ⩾100 mL decrease in trough forced expiratory volume in 1 s or deterioration in health status (increase of ⩾4.0 units in St George’s Respiratory Questionnaire total score or increase of ⩾2.0 units in COPD Assessment Test score) from baseline. A treatment‐independent post hoc prognostic analysis compared clinical outcomes up to week 52 in patients with/without a CID by week 28. A prospective analysis evaluated time to first CID with each treatment. Results: Patients with a CID by week 28 had significantly increased exacerbation rates after week 28, smaller improvements in lung function and health status at week 52 (all p<0.001), and increased risk of all‐cause mortality after week 28 versus patients who were CID‐free. FF/UMEC/VI significantly reduced CID risk versus dual therapies (all p<0.001). Conclusions: Prevention of short‐term disease worsening was associated with better long‐term clinical outcomes. FF/UMEC/VI reduced CID risk versus dual therapies; this effect may improve long‐term prognosis in this population.
 Prognostic value of clinically important deterioration in copd: impact trial analysis;  Introduction: Clinically important deterioration (CID) is a multicomponent measure for assessing disease worsening in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). This analysis investigated the prognostic value of a CID event on future clinical outcomes and the effect of single‐inhaler triple versus dual therapy on reducing CID risk in patients in the IMPACT trial. Methods: IMPACT was a phase III, double‐blind, 52‐week, multicentre trial. Patients with symptomatic COPD and at least one moderate/severe exacerbation in the prior year were randomised 2:2:1 to fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) 100/62.5/25 µg, FF/VI 100/25 µg or UMEC/VI 62.5/25 µg. CID at the time‐point of interest was defined as a moderate/severe exacerbation, ⩾100 mL decrease in trough forced expiratory volume in 1 s or deterioration in health status (increase of ⩾4.0 units in St George’s Respiratory Questionnaire total score or increase of ⩾2.0 units in COPD Assessment Test score) from baseline. A treatment‐independent post hoc prognostic analysis compared clinical outcomes up to week 52 in patients with/without a CID by week 28. A prospective analysis evaluated time to first CID with each treatment. Results: Patients with a CID by week 28 had significantly increased exacerbation rates after week 28, smaller improvements in lung function and health status at week 52 (all p<0.001), and increased risk of all‐cause mortality after week 28 versus patients who were CID‐free. FF/UMEC/VI significantly reduced CID risk versus dual therapies (all p<0.001). Conclusions: Prevention of short‐term disease worsening was associated with better long‐term clinical outcomes. FF/UMEC/VI reduced CID risk versus dual therapies; this effect may improve long‐term prognosis in this population.
 Estimating individual treatment effects on COPD exacerbations by causal machine learning on randomised controlled trials;  RATIONALE: Estimating the causal effect of an intervention at individual level, also called individual treatment effect (ITE), may help in identifying response prior to the intervention. OBJECTIVES: We aimed to develop machine learning (ML) models which estimate ITE of an intervention using data from randomised controlled trials and illustrate this approach with prediction of ITE on annual chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) exacerbation rates. METHODS: We used data from 8151 patients with COPD of the Study to Understand Mortality and MorbidITy in COPD (SUMMIT) trial (NCT01313676) to address the ITE of fluticasone furoate/vilanterol (FF/VI) versus control (placebo) on exacerbation rate and developed a novel metric, Q‐score, for assessing the power of causal inference models. We then validated the methodology on 5990 subjects from the InforMing the PAthway of COPD Treatment (IMPACT) trial (NCT02164513) to estimate the ITE of FF/umeclidinium/VI (FF/UMEC/VI) versus UMEC/VI on exacerbation rate. We used Causal Forest as causal inference model. RESULTS: In SUMMIT, Causal Forest was optimised on the training set (n=5705) and tested on 2446 subjects (Q‐score 0.61). In IMPACT, Causal Forest was optimised on 4193 subjects in the training set and tested on 1797 individuals (Q‐score 0.21). In both trials, the quantiles of patients with the strongest ITE consistently demonstrated the largest reductions in observed exacerbations rates (0.54 and 0.53, p<0.001). Poor lung function and blood eosinophils, respectively, were the strongest predictors of ITE. CONCLUSIONS: This study shows that ML models for causal inference can be used to identify individual response to different COPD treatments and highlight treatment traits. Such models could become clinically useful tools for individual treatment decisions in COPD.
 Cost-effectiveness of once-daily single-inhaler triple therapy in COPD: the IMPACT trial;  Background: We assessed the cost‐effectiveness of single‐inhaler fluticasone furoate (FF)/ umeclidinium (UMEC)/vilanterol (VI) versus FF/VI or UMEC/VI from a Canadian public healthcare perspective, incorporating data from the IMPACT trial in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) (NCT02164513). Methods: Baseline inputs and treatment effects from IMPACT were populated into the validated GALAXY‐COPD disease progression model. Canadian unit costs and drug costs (Canadian dollars [C$], 2017) were applied to healthcare resource utilization and treatments. Future costs and health outcomes were discounted at 1.5% annually. Analyses were probabilistic, and outputs included exacerbation rates, costs, and life years (LYs) and qualityadjusted life years (QALYs) gained. Results: Compared with FF/VI and UMEC/VI over a lifetime horizon, the analyses predicted that treatment with FF/UMEC/VI resulted in fewer moderate and severe exacerbations, more LYs and more QALYs gained, with a small incremental cost. The base‐case incremental cost‐effectiveness ratio (ICER) per QALY gained was C$18,989 (95% confidence interval [CI]: C$14,665, C$25,753) versus FF/VI and C$13,776 (95% CI: C$9787, C $19,448) versus UMEC/VI. FF/UMEC/VI remained cost‐effective versus both FF/VI and UMEC/VI in all sensitivity analyses, including in scenario analyses that considered different intervention and comparator discontinuation rates, and treatment effects for subsequent therapy. Conclusion: Treatment with FF/UMEC/VI was predicted to improve outcomes and be a cost‐effective treatment option for patients with symptomatic COPD and a history of exacerbations compared with FF/VI or UMEC/VI, in Canada.
 The long-term clinical and economic benefits of treating advanced COPD patients with single-inhaler triple therapy in Quebec, Canada - the IMPACT trial;  BACKGROUND: This cost‐utility analysis assessed the long‐term clinical and economic benefits of fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) triple therapy vs FF/VI or UMEC/VI from a Quebec societal perspective in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) with ≥1 moderate/severe exacerbation in the previous year. METHODS: The validated GALAXY disease progression model was utilized, with parameters set to baseline and efficacy data from IMPACT. Treatment costs (2017 Canadian dollars [C$]) were estimated using Quebec‐specific unit costs. Costs and health outcomes were discounted at 1.5%/year. A willingness‐to‐pay threshold of C$50,000/quality‐adjusted life year (QALY) was considered cost‐effective. Outcomes modeled were exacerbation rates, QALYs, life years (LYs), costs and incremental cost‐effectiveness ratios (ICERs). Subgroup analyses were performed according to prior treatment, exacerbation history in the previous year, and baseline lung function. RESULTS: Over a lifetime horizon, FF/UMEC/VI resulted in more QALYs and LYs gained, at a small incremental cost compared with FF/VI and UMEC/VI. From a societal perspective, the estimated ICER for the base case was C$18,152/QALY vs FF/VI, and C$15,847/QALY vs UMEC/VI. For the subgroup analyses (FF/UMEC/VI compared with FF/VI and UMEC/VI), ICERs ranged from: C$17,412‐25,664/QALY and C$16,493‐18,663/QALY (prior treatment); C$15,247‐19,924/QALY and C$15,444‐28,859/QALY (exacerbation history); C$14,025‐34,154/QALY and C$16,083‐17,509/QALY (baseline lung function). INTERPRETATION: FF/UMEC/VI was predicted to improve outcomes and be cost‐effective vs both comparators in the base case and all subgroup analyses, and based on this analysis would be an appropriate investment of health service funds in Quebec. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: IMPACT trial NCT02164513.
 Compensatory responses to increased mechanical abnormalities in COPD during sleep;  PURPOSE: To assess whether night‐time increases in mechanical loading negatively impact respiratory muscle function in COPD and whether compensatory increases in inspiratory neural drive (IND) are adequate to stabilize ventilatory output and arterial oxygen saturation, especially during sleep when wakefulness drive is withdrawn. METHODS: 21 patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD and 20 age‐/sex‐matched healthy controls (CTRL) participated in a prospective, cross‐sectional, one‐night study to assess the impact of COPD on serial awake, supine inspiratory capacity (IC) measurements and continuous dynamic respiratory muscle function (esophageal manometry) and IND (diaphragm electromyography, EMGdi) in supine sleep. RESULTS: Supine inspiratory effort and EMGdi were consistently twice as high in COPD versus CTRL (p < 0.05). Despite overnight increases in awake total airways resistance and dynamic lung hyperinflation in COPD (p < 0.05; not in CTRL), elevated awake EMGdi and respiratory effort were unaltered in COPD overnight. At sleep onset (non‐rapid eye movement sleep, N2), EMGdi was decreased versus wakefulness in COPD (‐ 43 ± 36%; p < 0.05) while unaffected in CTRL (p = 0.11); however, respiratory effort and arterial oxygen saturation (SpO2) were unchanged. Similarly, in rapid eye movement (stage R), sleep EMGdi was decreased (‐ 38 ± 32%, p < 0.05) versus wakefulness in COPD, with preserved respiratory effort and minor (2%) reduction in SpO2. CONCLUSIONS: Despite progressive mechanical loading overnight and marked decreases in wakefulness drive, inspiratory effort and SpO2 were well maintained during sleep in COPD. Preserved high inspiratory effort during sleep, despite reduced EMGdi, suggests continued (or increased) efferent activation of extra‐diaphragmatic muscles, even in stage R sleep. CLINICAL TRIAL INFORMATION: The COPD data reported herein were secondary data (Placebo arm only) obtained through the following Clinical Trial: "Effect of Aclidinium/Formoterol on Nighttime Lung Function and Morning Symptoms in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease" ( https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02429765 ; NCT02429765).
 Comparative efficacy and safety of glycopyrronium/formoterol fixed-dose combination versus glycopyrronium monotherapy in patients with moderate-To-severe COPD;  Background: The safety and efficacy of fixed‐dose combination (FDC) of glycopyrronium bromide 12.5 μg/formoterol fumarate 12 μg (GB/FF) twice daily as dry powder inhalers (DPIs) compared to glycopyrronium 50 μg monotherapy (GLY) once daily as DPI in subjects with moderate‐To‐severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) were evaluated. Methods: This was a phase‐3, randomized, double‐blind, active‐controlled, parallel‐group, superiority study conducted in India. COPD patients aged ≥40 to ≤65 years, current or ex‐smokers with FEV 1 /FVC <0.70, using ICS, LAMA, or LABA for ≥1 month were included. Subjects were randomized (1:1) to GB/FF or GLY for 12 weeks. The primary efficacy endpoint was the change from baseline in peak FEV 1 at the end of 12 weeks. The study is registered with the Clinical Trials Registry of India (CTRI/2017/02/007814). Results: Between March 2017 and July 2018, 331 patients were enrolled and randomized into GB/FF FDC (165 patients) and GLY monotherapy (166 patients) groups. At week 12, the difference in change from baseline in the peak FEV 1 for GB/FF DPI versus GLY was 0.115 L (SE = 0.02; 95% CI = 0.061, 0.170; P < 0.0001). Trough FEV 1 increased significantly in the GB/FF group compared to the GLY group with a treatment difference of 0.078 L (SE = 0.02; 95% CI = 0.015, 0.14; P = 0.01). There were no significant differences in adverse events between the groups. Conclusion: FDC of GB/FF (12.5/12 μg twice daily) as a DPI provides superior bronchodilation and lung function improvement over GLY (50 μg once daily) monotherapy. It is safe and well tolerated in symptomatic COPD patients.
 Concurrent use of indacaterol plus tiotropium in patients with COPD provides superior bronchodilation compared with tiotropium alone: a randomised, double-blind comparison;  BACKGROUND: Current guidelines recommend treatment with one or more long‐acting bronchodilators for patients with moderate or more severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). The authors investigated the approach of dual bronchodilation using indacaterol, a once‐daily long‐acting β(2) agonist, and the long‐acting muscarinic antagonist tiotropium, compared with tiotropium alone. METHODS: In two identically designed, double‐blind, 12‐week studies, patients with moderate to severe COPD were randomised to indacaterol 150 μg once daily or matching placebo. All patients concurrently received open‐label tiotropium 18 μg once daily. The primary outcome was standardised area under the curve of forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV(1)) from 5 min to 8 h post dose at week 12. The key secondary outcome was 24 h post‐dose ('trough') FEV(1) at week 12. Resting inspiratory capacity (IC) was measured in a subgroup. RESULTS: 1134 and 1142 patients were randomised in studies 1 and 2; 94% and 94% completed. Compared with monotherapy, concurrent therapy increased FEV(1) (area under the curve by 130 and 120 ml, trough by 80 and 70 ml; all p<0.001) and trough IC (by 130 and 100 ml, p<0.01). Cough was more common with indacaterol plus tiotropium (10% and 9%) than with tiotropium alone (4% and 4%). Most cases (∼90%) of cough were mild. Other adverse events were similar for the treatment groups. CONCLUSIONS: Compared with tiotropium monotherapy, indacaterol plus tiotropium provided greater bronchodilation and lung deflation (reflected by increased resting IC). Adverse events were similar between treatments apart from mild cough being more common with indacaterol plus tiotropium. These results support COPD guideline recommendations to combine bronchodilators with different mechanisms of action. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBERS: NCT00846586 and NCT00877383.
 Cost-effectiveness of Budesonide/Glycopyrrolate/Formoterol Fumarate (BGF) Versus Fluticasone Furoate/Umeclidinium/Vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) to Treat COPD Based on Mortality Risk Reduction From a Matchingadjusted Indirect Treatment Comparison;  RATIONALE: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is one of the leading causes of death globally with substantial clinical and socioeconomic burden. COPD‐related mortality is projected to rise for the foreseeable future and reducing mortality is an important treatment goal. Two fixed‐dose inhaled triple therapies, budesonide/glycopyrrolate/formoterol fumarate 320/18/9.6 μg (BGF) and fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol 100/62.5/25 μg (FF/UMEC/VI), have been shown to reduce all‐cause death in large Phase III trials, ETHOS and IMPACT. A recent matching‐adjusted indirect comparison reported that BGF was shown to have a greater reduction in mortality versus FF/UMEC/VI. However, the economic value of comparing these two treatments remains unknown. The objective of this cost‐effectiveness model was to analyse the costs and mortality benefits of BGF (320/18/9.6 μg) versus FF/UMEC/VI (100/62.5/25 μg) in patients with moderate to very severe COPD eligible for triple therapy from a UK third‐party payer perspective. Methods: The cohortbased semi‐Markov model was developed consisting of four health states, defined by lung function, reflecting various stages following the natural progression of COPD. Patients were permitted to transition to more severe COPD states, remain within the same health state, experience exacerbations, and eventually die. Patient cohort characteristics and clinical efficacy parameters such as health state transitions and exacerbations were derived from the ETHOS trial. The age‐ and sex‐specific general population mortality rates for the UK were adjusted using results from published matched‐adjusted indirect comparison (MAIC) comparing BGF versus FF/UMEC/VI. Healthcare resource utilization was based on ETHOS and the published literature. Unit costs were obtained from the UK National Health Service Schedule of Reference Costs, Unit Costs of Health and Social Care from the Personal Social Services Research Unit, and published literature. A time horizon of up to 5 years was considered, with costs, quality‐adjusted life years (QALYs), and life years (LYs) discounted at 3.5% per annum. Results: BGF is a dominant treatment strategy versus FF/UMEC/VI at both the 1‐year and 5‐year time horizons, respectively, as it is associated with gain in LYs (0.0037 and 0.0982), QALYs (0.0028 and 0.0725), and reduced total costs (‐?23.88 and ‐?18.43) per patient. The BGF treatment‐related costs were offset by the decreased end‐of‐life costs due to the higher number of deaths avoided with BGF compared with FF/UMEC/VI. Conclusions: Based on this cost‐effectiveness model, in a UK setting BGF would improve outcomes and reduce healthcare costs compared with FF/UMEC/VI for patients with moderate to very severe COPD.
 Early Clinically Important Improvement (ECII) and Exacerbation Outcomes in COPD Patients;  Background: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) exacerbations are difficult outcomes to measure in clinical trials. It would be valuable to be able to predict which patients are likely to benefit in terms of exacerbation prevention based on their early response in lung function and symptoms. Methods: This was a post‐hoc analysis from the 52‐week, randomized, double‐blind, double‐dummy, non‐inferiority FLAME trial. Early clinically important improvement (ECII) was defined as achievement of minimal clinically important difference in trough forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1; ≥100 mL increase) and one patient‐reported outcome (PRO): either St. George’s Respiratory Questionnaire for COPD (≥4‐unit reduction; D1), or COPD assessment test (≥2‐point reduction; D2) at Week 4 or 12. Results: Approximately 18–20% of patients achieved ECII at Week 4 or 12 postrandomization according to any of the two definitions. The rate of subsequent exacerbations was lower in patients who achieved ECII at Week 4 (D1: ratio of rates [95% CI], 0.85 [0.74 to 0.98]; D2, 0.88 [0.77 to 1.00]) or at Week 12 (D1, 0.85 [0.74 to 0.98]; D2, 0.86 [0.75 to 1.00]) versus patients not achieving ECII. Patients who achieved ECII experienced longer time‐to‐first exacerbation between Week 4 or 12 to end of study. More patients achieved ECII with indacaterol/glycopyrronium versus salmeterol/fluticasone according to both definitions at Week 4 (D1, odds ratio [95% CI], 1.69 [1.40 to 2.04]; D2, 1.61 [1.34 to 1.93]), and 12 (D1, 2.01 [1.66 to 2.44]; D2, 1.80 [1.48 to 2.18]). Conclusion: ECII is a novel composite endpoint, based on clinically relevant improvement in lung function and PROs in the early phase of treatment intervention that may predict subsequent exacerbation risk and may be used in clinical trials.
 Efficacy and tolerability of budesonide/formoterol added to tiotropium compared with tiotropium alone in patients with severe or very severe COPD: a randomized, multicentre study in East Asia;  BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Triple combination therapy with tiotropium plus budesonide/formoterol has improved lung function and reduced exacerbation risk in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) in Western countries, but no such data exist for East Asian patients. This study aimed to evaluate the efficacy and tolerability of adding budesonide/formoterol to tiotropium compared with tiotropium alone in East Asian patients with severe/very severe COPD. METHODS: This 12‐week, randomized, parallel‐group, multicentre, open‐label study was conducted in East Asia. After a 14‐day run‐in period during which patients received tiotropium 18 μg once daily, patients were randomized to tiotropium (18 μg once daily) + budesonide/formoterol (160/4.5 μg 2 inhalations twice daily) or tiotropium alone (18 μg once daily). The primary endpoint was change from baseline in pre‐dose forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1 ) to the mean of values measured at Weeks 1, 6 and 12. RESULTS: Pre‐dose FEV1 significantly increased from baseline with tiotropium plus budesonide/formoterol (n = 287) versus tiotropium alone (n = 291) (5.0% vs 0.6%; treatment difference: 4.4% (95% CI: 1.9‐6.9), P = 0.0004). Triple therapy also reduced the COPD exacerbation rate by 40.7% (P = 0.0032) and prolonged time to first exacerbation (38.6% risk reduction, P = 0.0167) versus tiotropium alone and markedly improved health‐related quality of life (HRQoL), measured using the St George's Respiratory Questionnaire. Incidence of adverse events was 26% for both groups. CONCLUSIONS: In East Asian patients with severe/very severe COPD, adding budesonide/formoterol to tiotropium was associated with significant improvements in FEV1 and HRQoL and lower COPD exacerbation rates. Treatment was generally well tolerated. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: NCT01397890 at Clinicaltrials.gov.
 Withdrawal of inhaled glucocorticoids and exacerbations of COPD;  BACKGROUND: Treatment with inhaled glucocorticoids in combination with long‐acting bronchodilators is recommended in patients with frequent exacerbations of severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). However, the benefit of inhaled glucocorticoids in addition to two long‐acting bronchodilators has not been fully explored. METHODS: In this 12‐month, double‐blind, parallel‐group study, 2485 patients with a history of exacerbation of COPD received triple therapy consisting of tiotropium (at a dose of 18 μg once daily), salmeterol (50 μg twice daily), and the inhaled glucocorticoid fluticasone propionate (500 μg twice daily) during a 6‐week run‐in period. Patients were then randomly assigned to continued triple therapy or withdrawal of fluticasone in three steps over a 12‐week period. The primary end point was the time to the first moderate or severe COPD exacerbation. Spirometric findings, health status, and dyspnea were also monitored. RESULTS: As compared with continued glucocorticoid use, glucocorticoid withdrawal met the prespecified noninferiority criterion of 1.20 for the upper limit of the 95% confidence interval (CI) with respect to the first moderate or severe COPD exacerbation (hazard ratio, 1.06; 95% CI, 0.94 to 1.19). At week 18, when glucocorticoid withdrawal was complete, the adjusted mean reduction from baseline in the trough forced expiratory volume in 1 second was 38 ml greater in the glucocorticoid‐withdrawal group than in the glucocorticoid‐continuation group (P<0.001); a similar between‐group difference (43 ml) was seen at week 52 (P=0.001). No change in dyspnea and minor changes in health status occurred in the glucocorticoid‐withdrawal group. CONCLUSIONS: In patients with severe COPD receiving tiotropium plus salmeterol, the risk of moderate or severe exacerbations was similar among those who discontinued inhaled glucocorticoids and those who continued glucocorticoid therapy. However, there was a greater decrease in lung function during the final step of glucocorticoid withdrawal. (Funded by Boehringer Ingelheim Pharma; WISDOM ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT00975195.).
 Comparison of tiotropium plus fluticasone propionate/salmeterol with tiotropium in COPD: a randomized controlled study;  BACKGROUND: The combination of tiotropium and fluticasone propionate/salmeterol (FSC) is commonly used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), but no study had evaluated the effectiveness of tiotropium plus FSC with 250 μg of fluticasone propionate. Our aim was to assess whether tiotropium (18 μg once daily) plus FSC (250/50 μg twice daily) provides better clinical outcomes compared to tiotropium monotherapy. METHODS: In this 24‐week, randomized, open label, multicenter two‐arm parallel study, 479 patients received tiotropium plus FSC (n = 237) or tiotropium alone (n = 242). RESULTS: After 24 weeks of treatment, the triple‐inhaled treatment group had a significant improvement in pre‐bronchodilator FEV(1) (L) compared to the tiotropium‐only group (0.090 L vs. 0.038 L; P = 0.005). Regarding health‐related quality of life, the mean change in total score on the St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire for COPD patients (SGRQ‐C) was ‐6.6 points in the tiotropium plus FSC group, but ‐1.5 points in the tiotropium‐only group (P = 0.001). In the subgroup of GOLD stage II patients with COPD, treatment with tiotropium plus FSC also improved FEV(1) compared to tiotropium alone (0.088 L vs. 0.030 L; P = 0.011) and improved the total SGRQ‐C score than tiotropium alone (‐4.5 points vs. ‐1.0 points, respectively). This triple‐inhaled treatment approach did not induce more adverse events, such as pneumonia. CONCLUSION: Over the course of 24 weeks, FSC (250/50 μg twice daily) added to tiotropium provided greater improvement in lung function and quality of life in patients with COPD (FEV(1) ≤ 65%) than tiotropium alone.
 Effects of combining tiotropium and salmeterol/fluticasone propionate on airway dimensions in patients with COPD;  Background: Triple inhalation therapy with tiotropium (Tio) and salmeterol/fluticasone propionate (SFC) is widely used in the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). However, the effects of triple therapy on airway structural changes remain unknown. Aim: To compare the effects of Tio, salmeterol (SM), SFC, and Tio plus SFC on airway dimensions in COPD. Methods: Patients with COPD were randomized to receive 16‐week treatment periods in one of four‐way study: (1) Tio (18 mg once daily; n=15), (2) SM (50 mg twice daily; n=14), (3) SFC (50/250 mg twice daily; n=16), (4) Tio plus SFC (n=15). Airway dimensions were assessed by a validated CT technique, and airway wall area corrected for body surface area (WA/BSA), percentage wall area (WA%), wall thickness (T)/OBSA, and luminal area (Ai)/BSA at the right apical segmental bronchus were measured. Pulmonary function and the St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) were evaluated. Results: Tio plus SFC resulted in a significant decrease in WA/BSA, WA%, and T/OBSA compared with Tio, SM, and SFC (p<0.05, respectively). SFC significantly decreased WA% and T/OBSA (p<0.05), but these changes failed to reach statistical significant difference between Tio and SM. In the Tio plus SFC group, the changes in WA% and Ai/BSA were significantly correlated with changes in FEV1 (r=0.86, p<0.001, and r=048, p<0.05). There were more significant improvements in SGRQ scores after treatment with triple therapy than other treatments.Conclusions: The superiority of triple inhalation therapy may reflect improvements of the range of airway dimensions and pulmonary function measurements in COPD.
 Study of effect of CSJ117 on symptoms, pharmacodynamics and safety in patients with COPD;  INTERVENTION: Product Code: CSJ117 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, hard capsule INN or Proposed INN: Not yet defined Current Sponsor code: CSJ117 Other descriptive name: CSJ117 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 4‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, hard capsule Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Product Code: CSJ117 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, hard capsule INN or Proposed INN: Not yet defined Current Sponsor code: CSJ117 Other descriptive name: CSJ117 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 8‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, hard capsule Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease ; MedDRA version: 21.1 Level: PT Classification code 10009033 Term: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease System Organ Class: 10038738 ‐ Respiratory, thoracic and mediastinal disorders Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To assess the effect of CSJ117 on disease/symptom burden after 12 weeks of treatment Primary end point(s): Change from baseline in E‐RS score Secondary Objective: ‐‐To assess the effect of CSJ117 on disease/symptom burden; ‐‐To assess the number and percentage of patients who respond to treatment with CSJ117 with respect to improvement of symptoms; ‐‐To assess the effect of CSJ117 on lung function; ‐‐To assess the effect of CSJ117 on use of rescue medication (SABA); ‐‐To assess the effect of CSJ117 on COPD exacerbations; ‐‐To characterize the systemic PK profile of CSJ117 after administration of multiple inhaled doses; ‐‐To assess the immunogenicity of multiple dose administrations of CSJ117 over 12 weeks; ‐‐To assess the safety of two doses of CSJ117 once daily, compared with placebo, with respect to (serious) adverse events (AE), electrocardiograms (ECGs), vital signs and laboratory tests; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 12 weeks SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): ‐‐Change from baseline in CAT; ‐‐Change from baseline in SGRQ‐C; ‐‐Response in E‐RS in total score decrease from baseline; ‐‐Response in CAT in total score decrease from baseline; ‐‐Response in SGRQ‐C in total score decrease from baseline; ‐‐Change from baseline in lung function as assessed in spirometry; ‐‐Puffs of rescue medication per day; ‐‐Time to COPD exacerbations via EXACT; ‐‐Rate and severity of COPD exacerbations via EXACT; ‐‐Time to COPD exacerbations via HCRU; ‐‐Rate and severity of COPD exacerbations via HCRU; ‐‐Pre‐dose trough concentration (Ctrough) of CSJ117; ‐‐Accumulation ratio (Racc) of CSJ117; ‐‐Measuring anti‐drug antibodies Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 12 weeks INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐‐Male and female COPD patients aged =40 years, who have signed an Informed Consent Form prior to initiation of any study‐related procedure ‐‐Current or ex‐smokers who have a smoking history of at least 10 pack years ‐‐Patients who have been treated with a triple combination of LABA/LAMA/ICS for the last 3 months prior to screening ‐‐Patients with a documented diagnosis of COPD for at least 1 year prior to screening visit Other protocol‐defined inclusion criteria may apply Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range 150 F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range 150
 Superiority of "triple" therapy with salmeterol/fluticasone propionate and tiotropium bromide versus individual components in moderate to severe COPD;  BACKGROUND: The combination of salmeterol and fluticasone propionate (SFC) and tiotropium bromide (TIO) are commonly used treatments in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) but there are few data on their effectiveness when used together. We compared the effects of SFC 50/500 microg twice daily in addition to TIO 18 microg once daily with the individual treatments alone. METHODS: 41 patients with COPD participated in a randomised, double blind, double dummy, three way crossover study with 2 week washout periods between treatments. Lung function assessment included plethysmography and spirometry. The primary end point was post‐dose specific airways conductance (sGaw) area under the curve (AUC(0‐4 h)) on day 14. RESULTS: AUC(0‐4 h) sGaw was significantly higher on day 14 after SFC+TIO compared with TIO (22%) or SFC alone (27%) (both p<0.001). SFC+TIO significantly improved trough forced expiratory volume in 1 s compared with TIO alone (212 ml, p<0.001) and SFC alone (110 ml, p = 0.017) on day 14. Inspiratory capacity measurements also showed significant benefits for triple therapy over individual components on day 14. Subjects receiving SFC+TIO had clinically relevant improvements in Transition Dyspnoea Index (TDI) total score of 2.2 compared with TIO alone (p<0.001) (but not SFC alone, 0.7; NS) and used significantly less rescue medication (1.0 occasion less daily than TIO (p<0.001) and 0.6 less than SFC (p = 0.01)). CONCLUSION: SFC+TIO triple therapy led to greater improvements in bronchodilation compared with TIO and SFC alone. The advantages of triple therapy are observed across a range of physiologically important parameters, including airway conductance and lung volumes. Triple therapy also led to patient related benefits by improving TDI and use of rescue medication.
 Concurrent use of tiotropium and salmeterol/fluticasone propionate combination in COPD: effects on airway dimensions and airflow limitation;  Background and Aim of Study Concurrent administration of tiotropium (Tio) and salmeterol/fluticasone propionate combination (SFC) are commonly used treatments in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). However, there are few data on their effects of airway structural changes. The aim of the study is to assess the effects of Tio plus SFC on airway dimensions in COPD compared with Tio or salmeterol (SM) alone, or SFC. Methods Patients with COPD were randomized to receive 16‐week treatment periods in one of four‐way study: (1) Tio (18 μg once daily; n = 15), (2) SM (50 μg twice daily; n = 14), (3) SFC (50/250 μg twice daily; n = 16), (4) Tio plus SFC (n = 15). Airway dimensions were assessed by a validated CT technique, and airway wall area corrected for body surface area (WA/BSA), percentage wall area (WA%), airway wall thickness (T), and luminal area (Ai)/BSA at the right apical segmental bronchus were measured. Pulmonary function and the St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) were evaluated. Results Concurrent therapy of Tio plus SFC resulted in a significant decrease in WA/BSA, WA%, and T compared with Tio, SM and SFC (p < 0.05, respectively), and showed a significant increase in Ai/BSA compared with Tio (p < 0.05). Tio plus SFC provided greater improvements in FVC, FEV1 and RV/TLC than monotherapy (p < 0.05, respectively). In the Tio plus SFC group, the changes in WA% and Ai/BSA were significantly correlated with changes in FEV1 (r = ‐0.86, p < 0.001 and r = 048, p < 0.05). There were more significant improvements in SGRQ scores after treatment with Tio plus SFC than the three other treatments. Conclusion The superiority of triple inhalation therapy may reflect improvements of the range of airway dimensions and pulmonary function measurements in COPD.
 Effects of long-acting bronchodilators and prednisolone on inspiratory lung function parameters in stable COPD;  BACKGROUND: In chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), there is a poor correlation between forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1) and dyspnea following bronchodilator use. Better correlations have been observed between inspiratory lung function parameters (ILPs) and dyspnea, which drives our interest in ILPs. However, the acute and prolonged effects of long‐acting bronchodilators and oral corticosteroids on ILPs have not been well investigated. Therefore, the aim of this study was to investigate the effects of these treatments on the ILPs, FEV1, dyspnea (visual analog scale (VAS)) and clinical COPD questionnaire (CCQ). METHODS: Twenty‐eight stable COPD patients had their ILPs and FEV1 measured both before and 2 h after the use of a single dose of 18 mcg bronchodilator tiotropium and 50 mcg salmeterol. Thereafter, the patients were randomized to 2 weeks of treatment with 30 mg oral prednisolone once daily or oral placebo in combination with daily treatment with these two bronchodilators. Four weeks after the cessation of the randomized treatment, the ILPs and FEV1 were again measured. After each intervention, any change in the VAS score was assessed. RESULTS: With both bronchodilators, significant improvements in ILPs were demonstrated (p < 0.005), with the exception of changes in ILPs inspiratory capacity (IC) and forced inspiratory flow at 50% of the vital capacity (FIF50) after tiotropium inhalation. After 2 weeks of treatment with prednisolone, significant differences were found for ILP forced inspiratory volume in 1 s (FIV1) and FEV1 compared with placebo. These differences were no longer present 4 weeks after the cessation of prednisolone. Significant relationships between ILPs and VAS scores were only found after 2 weeks of treatment with prednisolone or placebo. CONCLUSIONS: After a single dose of long‐acting bronchodilator salmeterol, significant improvements are observed in all ILPs and in FIV1 and PIF after tiotropium. Two weeks of oral corticosteroid treatment improved the FIV1 and FEV1. The dyspnea VAS score was only significantly correlated with the ILPs after 2 weeks of oral corticosteroid treatment.
 Effects of long-acting bronchodilators and prednisolone on inspiratory lung function parameters in stable COPD;  Background: In chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), there is a poor correlation between forced expiratory volume in 1s (FEV1) and dyspnea following bronchodilator use. Better correlations have been observed between inspiratory lung function parameters (ILPs) and dyspnea, which drives our interest in ILPs. However, the acute and prolonged effects of long‐acting bronchodilators and oral corticosteroids on ILPs have not been well investigated. Therefore, the aim of this study was to investigate the effects of these treatments on the ILPs, FEV1, dyspnea (visual analogscale (VAS)) and clinical COPD questionnaire (CCQ). Methods: Twenty‐eight stable COPD patients had their ILPs and FEV1 measured both before and 2h after the use of a single dose of 18mcg bronchodilator tiotropium and 50mcg salmeterol. Thereafter, the patients were randomized to 2 weeks of treatment with 30mg oral prednisolone once daily or oral placebo in combination with daily treatment with these two bronchodilators. Four weeks after the cessation of the randomized treatment, the ILPs and FEV1 were again measured. After each intervention, any change in the VAS score was assessed. Results: With both bronchodilators, significant improvements in ILPs were demonstrated (p<0.005), with the exception of changes in ILPs inspiratory capacity (IC) and forced inspiratory flow at 50% of the vital capacity (FIF50) after tiotropium inhalation. After 2 weeks of treatment with prednisolone, significant differences were found for ILP forced inspiratory volume in 1s (FIV1) and FEV1 compared with placebo. These differences were no longer present 4 weeks after the cessation of prednisolone. Significant relationships between ILPs and VAS scores were only found after 2 weeks of treatment with prednisolone or placebo. Conclusions: After a single dose of long‐acting bronchodilator salmeterol, significant improvements are observed in all ILPs and in FIV1 and PIF after tiotropium. Two weeks of oral corticosteroid treatment improved the FIV1 and FEV1. The dyspnea VAS score was only significantly correlated with the ILPs after 2 weeks of oral corticosteroid treatment. © 2013.
 Single-inhaler triple therapy fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol versus fluticasone furoate/vilanterol and umeclidinium/vilanterol in patients with COPD: results on cardiovascular safety from the IMPACT trial;  Background: This analysis of the IMPACT study assessed the cardiovascular (CV) safety of single‐inhaler triple therapy with fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) versus FF/VI and UMEC/VI dual therapy. Methods: IMPACT was a 52‐week, randomized, double‐blind, multicenter Phase III study comparing the efficacy and safety of FF/UMEC/VI 100/62.5/25 mcg with FF/VI 100/25 mcg or UMEC/VI 62.5/25 mcg in patients ≥40 years of age with symptomatic chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and ≥1 moderate/severe exacerbation in the previous year. The inclusion criteria for the study were intentionally designed to permit the enrollment of patients with significant concurrent CV disease/risk. CV safety assessments included proportion of patients with and exposure‐adjusted rates of on‐treatment CV adverse events of special interest (CVAESI) and major adverse cardiac events (MACE), as well as time‐to‐first (TTF) CVAESI, and TTF CVAESI resulting in hospitalization/prolonged hospitalization or death. Results: Baseline CV risk factors were similar across treatment groups. Overall, 68% of patients (n = 7012) had ≥1 CV risk factor and 40% (n = 4127) had ≥2. At baseline, 29% of patients reported a current/past cardiac disorder and 58% reported a current/past vascular disorder. The proportion of patients with on‐treatment CVAESI was 11% for both FF/UMEC/VI and UMEC/VI, and 10% for FF/VI. There was no statistical difference for FF/UMEC/VI versus FF/VI or UMEC/VI in TTF CVAESI (hazard ratio [HR]: 0.98, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.85, 1.11; p = 0.711 and HR: 0.92, 95% CI: 0.78, 1.08; p = 0.317, respectively) nor TTF CVAESI leading to hospitalization/prolonged hospitalization or death (HR: 1.19, 95% CI: 0.93, 1.51; p = 0.167 and HR: 0.96, 95% CI: 0.72, 1.27; p = 0.760, respectively). On‐treatment MACE occurred in ≤3% of patients across treatment groups, with similar prevalence and rates between treatments. Conclusions: In a symptomatic COPD population with a history of exacerbations and a high rate of CV disease/risk, the proportion of patients with CVAESI and MACE was 10‐11% and 1‐3%, respectively, across treatment arms, and the risk of CVAESI was low and similar across treatment arms. There was no statistically significant increased CV risk associated with the use of FF/UMEC/VI versus FF/VI or UMEC/VI, and UMEC/VI versus FF/VI. Trial registration: NCT02164513 (GSK study number CTT116855).
 Effect of salmeterol-fluticasone combination and tiotropium on clinical and physiological improvement of bronchial anthracofibrosis: a double blind randomized, cross over, placebo controlled, clinical trial;  Background: Bronchial anthracosis is the black discoloration of bronchial mucosa that exhibits similar manifestations to Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease ( COPD). The etiology of this obstructive lung disease has not been elucidated and standard therapy for this disease has not been introduced in the literature. The objective of this study is to determine the efficacy of the salmeterol‐fluticasone inhaler and tiotropium as two safe treatments of obstructive lung disease for the treatment of symptomatic subjects of anthracofibrosis of the lung. Materials and Methods: Twenty anthracofibrosis subjects who suffered from dyspnea were enrolled in this three‐phase, cross over, placebo‐controlled clinical trial. The primary outcome variable was quality of life (evaluated with the CAT questionnaire). Clinical findings and spirometry were the secondary outcome variables. Both of these drugs were delivered by an inhaler and were made identically by the reference manufacturer. Salmeterol‐fluticasone was prescribed with a spacer and tiotropium by its special device, and the method of utilization was taught to the patients. Results: Twenty anthracofibrosis subjects were enrolled in this three‐phase, five‐month course of treatment with either salmeterol‐fluticasone or tiotropium inhalers. The response to therapy was not good; neither for salmeterol‐fluticasone nor for tiotropium in the short course of the treatment. However, the overall results of 5 months of therapy with both of the drugs have shown improvement in 57% of the subjects. The most prominent results were found in the CAT score [25.1±5.54 before the trial, which decreased to 19.2±5.14 (Z score=2.7, P=0.007)] and clinical findings especially sputum, chest pain, and wheezing (81, 94 and 92% before the trial and 50, 56, 54% after the trial, respectively). Neither clinical findings nor spirometry was able to predict a good response to salmeterol‐fluticasone or tiotropium. Conclusion: The combination of salmeterol‐fluticasone and tiotropium inhaler was able to improve the clinical findings of symptomatic anthracofibrosis patients.
 Effect of Salmeterol-Fluticasone Combination and Tiotropium on Clinical and Physiological Improvement of Bronchial Anthracofibrosis: a Double Blind Randomized, Cross Over, Placebo Controlled, Clinical Trial;  BACKGROUND: Bronchial anthracosis is the black discoloration of bronchial mucosa that exhibits similar manifestations to Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease ( COPD). The etiology of this obstructive lung disease has not been elucidated and standard therapy for this disease has not been introduced in the literature. The objective of this study is to determine the efficacy of the salmeterol‐fluticasone inhaler and tiotropium as two safe treatments of obstructive lung disease for the treatment of symptomatic subjects of anthracofibrosis of the lung. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Twenty anthracofibrosis subjects who suffered from dyspnea were enrolled in this three‐phase, cross over, placebo‐controlled clinical trial. The primary outcome variable was quality of life (evaluated with the CAT questionnaire). Clinical findings and spirometry were the secondary outcome variables. Both of these drugs were delivered by an inhaler and were made identically by the reference manufacturer. Salmeterol‐fluticasone was prescribed with a spacer and tiotropium by its special device, and the method of utilization was taught to the patients. RESULTS: Twenty anthracofibrosis subjects were enrolled in this three‐phase, five‐month course of treatment with either salmeterol‐fluticasone or tiotropium inhalers. The response to therapy was not good; neither for salmeterol‐fluticasone nor for tiotropium in the short course of the treatment. However, the overall results of 5 months of therapy with both of the drugs have shown improvement in 57% of the subjects. The most prominent results were found in the CAT score [25.1±5.54 before the trial, which decreased to 19.2±5.14 (Z score=2.7, P=0.007)] and clinical findings especially sputum, chest pain, and wheezing (81, 94 and 92% before the trial and 50, 56, 54% after the trial, respectively). Neither clinical findings nor spirometry was able to predict a good response to salmeterol‐fluticasone or tiotropium. CONCLUSION: The combination of salmeterol‐fluticasone and tiotropium inhaler was able to improve the clinical findings of symptomatic anthracofibrosis patients.
 Mortality Risk and Serious Cardiopulmonary Events in Moderate-toSevere COPD: post Hoc Analysis of the IMPACT Trial;  Background: In the InforMing the Pathway of COPD Treatment (IMPACT) trial, single‐inhaler fluticasone furoate (FF)/umeclidinium (UMEC)/vilanterol (VI) significantly reduced severe exacerbation rates and all‐cause mortality (ACM) risk versus UMEC/VI among patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). This post hoc analysis aimed to define the risk of ACM during and following a moderate/severe exacerbation, and further determine the benefit‐risk profile of FF/UMEC/VI versus FF/VI and UMEC/VI using a cardiopulmonary composite adverse event (AE) endpoint. Methods: The 52‐week, double‐blind IMPACT trial randomized patients with symptomatic COPD and ≥1 exacerbation in the prior year 2:2:1 to once‐daily FF/UMEC/VI 100/62.5/25mcg, FF/VI 100/25mcg, or UMEC/VI 62.5/25mcg. Post hoc endpoints included the risk of ACM during, 1–90 and 91–365 days post moderate or severe exacerbation and time‐to‐first cardiopulmonary composite event. Results: Of the 10,355 patients included, 5034 (49%) experienced moderate/severe exacerbations. Risk of ACM was significantly increased during a severe exacerbation event compared with baseline (hazard ratio [HR]: 41.22 [95% confidence interval (CI) 26.49–64.15]; p<0.001) but not significantly different at 1–90 days post‐severe exacerbation (HR: 2.13 [95% CI: 0.86–5.29]; p=0.102). Moderate exacerbations did not significantly increase the risk of ACM during or after an exacerbation. Cardiopulmonary composite events occurred in 647 (16%), 636 (15%), and 356 (17%) patients receiving FF/UMEC/VI, FF/VI, and UMEC/VI, respectively; FF/UMEC/VI significantly reduced cardiopulmonary composite event risk versus UMEC/VI by 16.5% (95% CI: 5.0–26.7; p=0.006). Conclusion: Results confirm a substantial mortality risk during severe exacerbations, and an underlying CV risk. FF/UMEC/VI significantly reduced the risk of a composite cardiopulmonary AE versus UMEC/VI.
 POSA40 Cost-Effectiveness of Single-Inhaler Triple Therapy (FF/UMEC/VI) Versus Tiotropium Monotherapy in Patients with COPD in the UK;  Objectives: To evaluate the cost‐effectiveness of once‐daily fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) 100/62.5/25 μg compared with once‐daily tiotropium (TIO) 18 μg in patients with symptomatic chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and a history of exacerbations from a United Kingdom (UK) National Healthcare System (NHS) perspective. Methods: The GALAXY linked risk equation COPD disease model (Briggs AH et al., 2017 Med Decis Making; 37:4) was used to predict healthcare costs, life‐years (LYs), quality adjusted life years (QALYs) and incremental cost‐effectiveness ratios (ICER) over a lifetime horizon. The model was populated with baseline characteristics and treatment effects, including change from baseline in FEV1 and St George’s Respiratory Questionnaire score, from a 12‐week randomized, double‐blind trial comparing FF/UMEC/VI and TIO in symptomatic COPD patients with a history of exacerbations (NCT03474081). Healthcare resource use, drug costs and unit costs (£, 2021) were from UK public sources and published literature. Costs and health outcomes (except LYs) were discounted at 3.5% per year. Results: Treatment with FF/UMEC/VI, compared with TIO, was predicted to result in fewer exacerbations per patient per year (1.188 vs 1.254), and greater total LYs (9.229 vs 8.836) and QALYs (5.127 vs 4.684) at a lower total cost (£13,710 vs £14,590). FF/UMEC/VI was therefore the dominant treatment. Across sensitivity and scenario analyses, FF/UMEC/VI remained dominant or had an ICER below £10,000 per QALY. In probabilistic sensitivity analysis, the probability of FF/UMEC/VI being cost‐effective versus TIO was 100% at a willingness‐to‐pay threshold of £20,000 per QALY. Conclusions: In a UK NHS setting, treatment with FF/UMEC/VI was predicted to improve health outcomes and be highly cost‐effective versus TIO in patients with symptomatic COPD and a history of exacerbations. Funding: GSK (study 212889).
 POSA40 Cost-Effectiveness of Single-Inhaler Triple Therapy (FF/UMEC/VI) Versus Tiotropium Monotherapy in Patients with COPD in the UK;  Objectives: To evaluate the cost‐effectiveness of once‐daily fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) 100/62.5/25 μg compared with once‐daily tiotropium (TIO) 18 μg in patients with symptomatic chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and a history of exacerbations from a United Kingdom (UK) National Healthcare System (NHS) perspective. Methods: The GALAXY linked risk equation COPD disease model (Briggs AH et al., 2017 Med Decis Making; 37:4) was used to predict healthcare costs, life‐years (LYs), quality adjusted life years (QALYs) and incremental cost‐effectiveness ratios (ICER) over a lifetime horizon. The model was populated with baseline characteristics and treatment effects, including change from baseline in FEV1 and St George’s Respiratory Questionnaire score, from a 12‐week randomized, double‐blind trial comparing FF/UMEC/VI and TIO in symptomatic COPD patients with a history of exacerbations (NCT03474081). Healthcare resource use, drug costs and unit costs (£, 2021) were from UK public sources and published literature. Costs and health outcomes (except LYs) were discounted at 3.5% per year. Results: Treatment with FF/UMEC/VI, compared with TIO, was predicted to result in fewer exacerbations per patient per year (1.188 vs 1.254), and greater total LYs (9.229 vs 8.836) and QALYs (5.127 vs 4.684) at a lower total cost (£13,710 vs £14,590). FF/UMEC/VI was therefore the dominant treatment. Across sensitivity and scenario analyses, FF/UMEC/VI remained dominant or had an ICER below £10,000 per QALY. In probabilistic sensitivity analysis, the probability of FF/UMEC/VI being cost‐effective versus TIO was 100% at a willingness‐to‐pay threshold of £20,000 per QALY. Conclusions: In a UK NHS setting, treatment with FF/UMEC/VI was predicted to improve health outcomes and be highly cost‐effective versus TIO in patients with symptomatic COPD and a history of exacerbations. Funding: GSK (study 212889).
 Cost-Effectiveness of Single- versus Multiple-Inhaler Triple Therapy in a UK COPD Population: the INTREPID Trial;  Purpose: The 24‐week INTREPID trial demonstrated the clinical benefits of once‐daily single‐inhaler triple therapy (SITT) with fluticasone furoate, umeclidinium, and vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) versus non‐ELLIPTA multiple‐inhaler triple therapy (MITT) in patients with symptomatic chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). This analysis assessed the cost‐effectiveness of FF/UMEC/VI versus non‐ELLIPTA MITT for the treatment of symptomatic COPD from a United Kingdom (UK) National Health Service (NHS) perspective. Patients and Methods: The analysis was conducted using the validated GALAXY COPD disease progression model. Baseline characteristics, treatment effect parameters (forced expiratory volume in 1 second and St. George’s Respiratory Questionnaire score [derived from exploratory COPD Assessment Test score mapping]), and discontinuation data from INTREPID were used to populate the model. UK healthcare resource and drug costs (2020 British pounds) were applied, and costs and outcomes were discounted at 3.5%. Analyses were conducted over a lifetime horizon from a UK NHS perspective. Model outputs included exacerbation rates, total costs, life years (LYs), quality‐adjusted LYs (QALYs) and incremental cost‐effectiveness ratio per QALY. Sensitivity analyses were conducted to assess the robustness of the results by varying parameter values and assumptions. Results: Over a lifetime horizon, FF/UMEC/VI provided an additional 0.174 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.024, 0.344) LYs (approximately 2 months), and 0.253 (95% CI: 0.167, 0.346) QALYs (approximately 3 months), at a cost saving of £1764 (95% CI: −£2600, −£678) per patient, compared with non‐ELLIPTA MITT. FF/UMEC/VI remained the dominant treatment option, meaning greater benefits at lower costs, across all scenario and sensitivity analyses. Conclusion: Based on this analysis, in a UK setting, FF/UMEC/VI would improve health outcomes and reduce costs compared with non‐ELLIPTA MITT for the treatment of patients with symptomatic COPD. SITT may help to reduce the clinical and economic burden of COPD and should be considered by physicians as a preferred treatment option.
 InforMing the pathway of COPD treatment (IMPACT study)-single inhaler triple therapy (Fluticasone Furoate/Umeclidinium/Vilanterol) versus fluticasone furoate/vilanterol and umeclidinium/vilanterol in patients with COPD: results based on an analysis of the north American region;  Rationale: Primary results from the IMPACT trial comparing efficacy and safety of single‐inhaler fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) with FF/VI and UMEC/VI have been previously reported. The results from subjects enrolled in the North American (NA) Region (United States [US], Canada, Puerto Rico) are reported here. Methods: IMPACT was a 52‐week, phase III, randomized, double‐blind, parallel group, multicenter study comparing the efficacy and safety of FF/UMEC/VI 100/62.5/25μ g with FF/VI 100/25μ g and UMEC/VI 62.5/25μ g in patients ≥40 years of age with symptomatic chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and a history of exacerbations. The primary endpoint was the annual rate of on‐treatment moderate/severe exacerbations with FF/UMEC/VI vs FF/VI and UMEC/VI. Key secondary endpoints included time‐to‐first moderate/severe exacerbation, trough forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) and St George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) at week 52. A post‐hoc analysis of the NA geographic region was conducted. Results: Of the 10,355 patients in the intention‐to‐treat (ITT) population, 25% (n=2639) were randomized in the NA Region with 91% (n=2406) being from the US. FF/UMEC/VI demonstrated a significant reduction in the annual rate of moderate/severe exacerbations compared with FF/VI (13% reduction; p=0.014) and UMEC/VI (31% reduction; p<0.001) in this subgroup analysis. FF/UMEC/VI also demonstrated a significant reduction in the risk of a moderate/severe exacerbation (time‐to‐first) compared to both FF/VI (13% reduction; p=0.018) and UMEC/VI (22% reduction; p<0.001). These findings are consistent with the ITT population results. An 86 mL (p<0.001) and a 26 mL (p=0.105) improvement in trough FEV1 at week 52 was seen with FF/UMEC/VI vs FF/VI and UMEC/VI, respectively. The adjusted mean change from baseline in SGRQ was ‐4.4., ‐4.3, ‐3.7 for FF/UMEC/VI, FF/VI, UMEC/VI with no significant differences between the treatment groups. In the NA cohort, the incidence of on‐treatment pneumonia adverse events of special interest for FF/UMEC/VI, FF/VI and UMEC/VI was 9%, 8%, 4%. The incidence of on‐treatment fatal pneumonia was <1% across all treatment arms. Conclusions: In a NA region subgroup analysis, FF/UMEC/VI reduced the rate and risk of moderate/severe exacerbations compared with FF/VI and UMEC/VI. Improvement in lung function was seen with FF/UMEC/VI vs FF/VI. Across the three treatment arms, the AE profile was consistent with the ITT population and previous data.
 Cost-effectiveness of the LABA/LAMA dual bronchodilator indacaterol/glycopyrronium in a Swedish healthcare setting;  BACKGROUND: Indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY) is a once‐daily inhaled fixed‐dose combination of indacaterol (IND), a long‐acting β2‐adrenergic agonist (LABA), and glycopyrronium (GLY), a long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) for use as maintenance treatment to relieve symptoms of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) in adults. OBJECTIVE: To determine the economic benefits of IND/GLY compared with the free combination of indacaterol and glycopyrronium (IND + GLY), and with the fixed‐dose combination of salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC), in a moderate‐to‐severe COPD population with low‐exacerbation risk. The model‐based analysis extrapolated results up to lifetime time horizon and calculated costs per quality‐adjusted life year. METHODS: Assuming equal efficacy, a cost‐minimisation analysis compared IND/GLY vs IND + GLY using model inputs from the double‐blind, randomised SHINE trial. The double‐blind, randomised ILLUMINATE and TORCH trials were used to analyse cost‐effectiveness versus SFC. To consider ICS‐related pneumonia events, published odds ratio comparing an ICS‐exposed group to a control group of COPD patients was used. Direct and indirect drug costs as well as drug acquisition costs (in Swedish Krona [SEK]) were derived from published Swedish sources. Cost and effects were discounted with 3%. Uncertainty was assessed by one‐way and probabilistic sensitivity analyses (PSA). RESULTS: IND/GLY was cost‐saving vs IND + GLY with incremental savings of SEK (EUR) 768 (85), and 3309 (368) per patient over one and five years. IND/GLY was found to be less costly and more effective compared to SFC with cost savings of SEK (EUR) 2744 (303), 8854 (976), 13,938 (1536), 27,495 (3031) and 43,033 (4744) over one, three, five, ten years and lifetime. The PSA indicated that all iterations produced dominant results for IND/GLY. CONCLUSION: IND/GLY is cost‐minimising vs IND + GLY and dominates SFC in the maintenance treatment of COPD patients in Sweden. Encouraging dual bronchodilator therapy over an ICS‐containing combination results in lower total costs and better outcomes compared to combination therapy including fluticasone in moderate‐to‐severe COPD patients with low exacerbation risk.
 Short term effect of a single dose of formoterol or tiotropium on the isolated nocturnal hypoxemia in stable COPD patients: a double blind randomized study;  Patients with stable chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and diurnal PaO2 > 60 mmHg may have transient oxygen desaturation during sleep. The effect of bronchodilators on nocturnal hypoxemia is not known. The aim of this study was to evaluate if a single dose of Formoterol or Tiotropium, administered in the evening, could improve nocturnal hypoxemia in patients with stable middle/severe COPD. Thirty‐seven patients (25 M/12 F; mean age 68.97 +/‐ 8.57, range 50‐78; mean FEV1% of predicted 46.29 +/‐ 9.2) with PaO2 > 60 mmHg, but with significant oxygen desaturation during sleep and apnea/hypopnea index < or = 10 were selected. They randomly underwent three consecutive nocturnal pulsoxymetry: baseline and after taking placebo and 12 microg of Formoterol (20 pts) or 18 microg of Tiotropium (17 pts) in the evening. FEV1 and IC, measured after 1 h of taking bronchodilators, were significantly higher than placebo. The variation, with regards to baseline values, in mean heart rate and Lowest SpO2% measured after Tiotropium (‐1.68 +/‐ 4.01 and 3.23 +/‐ 8.58 respectively) was higher (p < 0.05) than placebo (‐0.108 +/‐ 2.85 and 0.29 +/‐ 7.05 respectively). Moreover, the trend time of SpO2% (measured by pulse‐oximeter at each hour of total time registration) after Tiotropium was significantly higher than baseline or placebo (p < 0.01). Instead, the trend time of SpO2% after Formoterol, except for an initial transient hypoxemia fall, was similar to baseline condition and after placebo. Also the trend time of heart rate resulted significantly lower in the Tiotropium group, but higher in the Formoterol group. In conclusion, Formoterol does not seem to influence the nocturnal hypoxemia in stable COPD patients probably for the worsening V/Q ratio. On the contrary, a single dose of tiotropium seems to decrease the severity in the nocturnal desaturations in stable COPD patients probably due to the reduction in the nocturnal bronchial colinergic tone.
 Symptomatic benefit of olodaterol QD delivered via Respimat® vs placebo and formoterol BID in patients with COPD: combined analysis from two 48-week studies;  Background The novel LABA olodaterol has 24‐h bronchodilator activity. Objective To evaluate the symptomatic benefit of olodaterol QD in patients with GOLD 2‐4 COPD. Methods In replicate, randomised, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, parallel‐group studies, patients with post‐bronchodilator FEV1 <80% predicted normal and FEV1/FVC <70% received olodaterol (5 or 10 μg) QD via Respimat®, formoterol (12 μg) BID via Aerolizer® or placebo for 48 weeks (Study A: NCT00793624; Study B: NCT00796653). Patients continued to receive usual care background COPD maintenance therapy, including SAMA, LAMA, ICS and xanthines. In addition to FEV1‐based primary end points, TDI and SGRQ after 24 weeks were identified as co‐primary and key secondary symptomatic end points, respectively. Results 904 (Study A) and 934 (Study B) patients were treated. In the primary analysis using a mixed model for repeated measures (MMRM; combined dataset), there was no significant difference in TDI focal score after 24 weeks for olodaterol or formoterol vs placebo. A post hoc analysis using pattern mixture modelling (PMM) to account for discontinued patients demonstrated statistical significance for olodaterol vs placebo. There were significant improvements in SGRQ total score with olodaterol, but not formoterol, vs placebo after 24 weeks using MMRM and PMM. Conclusions Lung function improvements with olodaterol QD translated into symptomatic benefit in COPD patients receiving usual care background therapy. (Table Presented).
 Symptomatic benefit of olodaterol QD delivered via respimat® vs placebo and formoterol bid in patients with COPD: combined analysis from two 48-week studies;  Background: The novel LABA olodaterol (O) has 24‐h bronchodilator activity. Objective: To evaluate the symptomatic benefit of O QD in patients (pts) with GOLD 2‐4 COPD. Methods: In replicate, randomized, double‐blind, placebo (P)‐controlled, parallel‐group studies, pts with post‐bronchodilator FEV1 < 80% predicted normal and FEV1/FVC < 70% received O (5 or 10 μg) QD via Respimat®, formoterol (F; 12 μg) BID via Aerolizer® or P for 48 weeks (wks; Study A: NCT00793624; Study B: NCT00796653). Pts continued to receive usual care background COPD maintenance therapy, including SAMA, LAMA, ICS and xanthines. In addition to FEV1‐based primary end points, TDI and SGRQ after 24 wks were identified as co‐primary and key secondary symptomatic end points, respectively. Results: 904 (Study A) and 934 (Study B) pts were treated. In the primary analysis using a mixed model for repeated measures (MMRM; combined dataset), there was no significant difference in TDI focal score after 24 wks for O or F vs P. A post hoc analysis using pattern mixture modelling (PMM) to account for discontinued pts demonstrated statistical significance for O vs P. There were significant improvements in SGRQ total score with O, but not F, vs P after 24 wks using MMRM and PMM. Conclusions: Lung function improvements with O QD translated into symptomatic benefit in COPD pts receiving usual care background therapy. (Table Presented).
 Symptomatic benefit of olodaterol QD delivered via Respimat® vs placebo and formoterol BID in patients with COPD: combined analysis from two 48-week studies;  Background The novel LABA olodaterol has 24‐h bronchodilator activity. Objective To evaluate the symptomatic benefit of olodaterol QD in patients with GOLD 2‐4 COPD. Methods In replicate, randomised, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, parallel‐group studies, patients with post‐bronchodilator FEV1 <80% predicted normal and FEV1/FVC <70% received olodaterol (5 or 10 μg) QD via Respimat®, formoterol (12 μg) BID via Aerolizer® or placebo for 48 weeks (Study A: NCT00793624; Study B: NCT00796653). Patients continued to receive usual care background COPD maintenance therapy, including SAMA, LAMA, ICS and xanthines. In addition to FEV1‐based primary end points, TDI and SGRQ after 24 weeks were identified as co‐primary and key secondary symptomatic end points, respectively. Results 904 (Study A) and 934 (Study B) patients were treated. In the primary analysis using a mixed model for repeated measures (MMRM; combined dataset), there was no significant difference in TDI focal score after 24 weeks for olodaterol or formoterol vs placebo. A post hoc analysis using pattern mixture modelling (PMM) to account for discontinued patients demonstrated statistical significance for olodaterol vs placebo. There were significant improvements in SGRQ total score with olodaterol, but not formoterol, vs placebo after 24 weeks using MMRM and PMM. Conclusions Lung function improvements with olodaterol QD translated into symptomatic benefit in COPD patients receiving usual care background therapy. (Table Presented).
 Lung function efficacy of olodaterol qd delivered via respimat® vs placebo and formoterol bid in patients with COPD: two 48-week studies;  Background: Olodaterol (O) is a novel LABA with 24‐h bronchodilator activity. Objective: To evaluate the efficacy of O QD in patients (pts) with GOLD 2‐4 COPD. Methods: In replicate, randomized, double‐blind, placebo (P)‐controlled, parallel‐group studies, pts with post‐bronchodilator FEV1 < 80% predicted and FEV1/FVC < 70% received O (5 or 10 μg) QD via Respimat®, formoterol (F; 12 μg) BID via Aerolizer® or P for 48 weeks (wks; A: NCT00793624; B: NCT00796653). Pts continued to receive usual care background COPD maintenance therapy including SAMA, LAMA, ICS and xanthines. Co‐primary lung function end points were change from study baseline (response) in FEV1 AUC0‐3 and trough FEV1 after 24 wks. Results: 904 (A) and 934 (B) pts were treated. O 5 and 10 μg and F provided statistically significant improvements in co‐primary end points after 24 wks vs P; there were no significant differences between O and F. Results were consistent for co‐primary end points over 48 wks. Conclusions: O 5 and 10 μg QD significantly improved lung function vs P over 48 wks. Response magnitude was comparable to F BID and in line with expectations for a QD bronchodilator considering the pt population and concomitant therapy. (Figure Presented).
 Symptomatic benefit of olodaterol QD delivered via respimat® vs placebo and formoterol bid in patients with COPD: combined analysis from two 48-week studies;  Background: The novel LABA olodaterol (O) has 24‐h bronchodilator activity. Objective: To evaluate the symptomatic benefit of O QD in patients (pts) with GOLD 2‐4 COPD. Methods: In replicate, randomized, double‐blind, placebo (P)‐controlled, parallel‐group studies, pts with post‐bronchodilator FEV1 < 80% predicted normal and FEV1/FVC < 70% received O (5 or 10 μg) QD via Respimat®, formoterol (F; 12 μg) BID via Aerolizer® or P for 48 weeks (wks; Study A: NCT00793624; Study B: NCT00796653). Pts continued to receive usual care background COPD maintenance therapy, including SAMA, LAMA, ICS and xanthines. In addition to FEV1‐based primary end points, TDI and SGRQ after 24 wks were identified as co‐primary and key secondary symptomatic end points, respectively. Results: 904 (Study A) and 934 (Study B) pts were treated. In the primary analysis using a mixed model for repeated measures (MMRM; combined dataset), there was no significant difference in TDI focal score after 24 wks for O or F vs P. A post hoc analysis using pattern mixture modelling (PMM) to account for discontinued pts demonstrated statistical significance for O vs P. There were significant improvements in SGRQ total score with O, but not F, vs P after 24 wks using MMRM and PMM. Conclusions: Lung function improvements with O QD translated into symptomatic benefit in COPD pts receiving usual care background therapy. (Table Presented).
 Lung function efficacy of olodaterol QD delivered via Respimat® vs placebo and formoterol BID in patients with COPD: two 48-week studies;  Background: Olodaterol (O) is a novel LABA with 24‐h bronchodilator activity. Objective: To evaluate the efficacy of O QD in patients (pts) with GOLD 2‐4 COPD. Methods: In replicate, randomised, double‐blind, placebo (P)‐controlled, parallel‐group studies, pts with post‐bronchodilator FEV1 <80% predicted and FEV1/FVC <70% received O (5 or 10 μg) QD via Respimat®, formoterol (F; 12 mg) BID via Aerolizer® or P for 48 weeks (wks; A: NCT00793624; B: NCT00796653). Pts continued to receive usual care background COPD maintenance therapy including SAMA, LAMA, ICS and xanthines. Co‐primary lung function end points were change from study baseline (response) in FEV1 AUC0‐3 and trough FEV1 after 24 wks. Results: 904 (A) and 934 (B) pts were treated. O 5 and 10 mg and F provided statistically significant improvements in co‐primary end points after 24 wks vs P; there were no significant differences between O and F. Results were consistent for co‐primary end points over 48 wks. Conclusions: O 5 and 10 μg QD significantly improved lung function vs P over 48 wks. Response magnitude was comparable to F BID and in line with expectations for a QD bronchodilator considering the pt population and concomitant therapy. (Table Presented).
 Characterization of Lung Function Profile of Inhaled Tiotropium + Olodaterol Fixed Dose Combination Compared to Fluticasone Propionate + Salmeterol Fixed Dose Combination in COPD Patients;  The objective of the trial is to compare the lung function profile of once daily treatment with tiotropium+olodaterol FDC [2.5/ 5µg and 5/ 5µg] delivered by the RESPIMAT with the lung function profile of twice daily treatment with fluticasone propionate+salmeterol FDC [250/50µg and 500/50µg] delivered by the Accuhaler® after 6 weeks of treatment.
 Efficacy of FF/UMEC/VI compared with FF/VI and UMEC/VI in patients with COPD: subgroup analysis of the Spain cohort in IMPACT;  OBJECTIVES: The IMPACT trial has compared the benefit in the reduction of moderate/severe exacerbations of single inhaler triple therapy (SITT) with fluticasone furoate (FF)/umeclidinium (UMEC)/vilanterol (VI) versus dual therapy with FF/VI (ICS/LABA) and UMEC/VI (LAMA/LABA) in the treatment of patients with chronic obstructive disease (COPD). This study performs a subgroup analysis of the cohort from Spain in the IMPACT study. MATERIALS AND METHODS: In IMPACT, a 52‐week randomized, double‐blind, parallel‐group, multicenter study (N = 10,355), patients ⩾40 years of age with COPD and ⩾1 moderate/severe exacerbations in the previous year were randomized 2:2:1 to once‐daily FF/UMEC/VI 100/62.5/25 µg, FF/VI 100/25 µg or UMEC/VI 62.5/25 µg administered via the Ellipta inhaler. Here, we present a subgroup analysis of the 499 patients from Spain, included in the intent‐to‐treat (ITT) population in the study. Endpoint assessed included exposure‐adjusted rate of moderate and severe exacerbations. RESULTS: In the Spain cohort, the exposure‐adjusted rate of on‐treatment moderate/severe COPD exacerbations per year for FF/UMEC/VI was 1.31 versus 1.43 and 1.57 for FF/VI and UMEC/VI, respectively. No new adverse events were identified. The results are consistent with those observed in the overall ITT study population. CONCLUSION: In the Spain cohort of the IMPACT study, patients receiving triple therapy with FF/UMEC/VI had a lower exposure‐adjusted rate of exacerbations compared with FF/VI and UMEC/VI, similar to the overall population.Study Title: A Phase III, 52 Week, Randomized, Double‐blind, 3‐arm Parallel Group Study, Comparing the Efficacy, Safety and Tolerability of the Fixed Dose Triple Combination FF/UMEC/VI With the Fixed Dose Dual Combinations of FF/VI and UMEC/VI, All Administered Once‐daily in the Morning Via a Dry Powder Inhaler in Subjects With Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary DiseaseURL: https://www.clinicaltrialsregister.eu/ctr‐search/search?query=CTT116855/ https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02164513Registration number: GSK (CTT116855/NCT02164513).The reviews of this paper are available via the supplemental material section.
 Efficacy of FF/UMEC/VI compared with FF/VI and UMEC/VI in patients with COPD: subgroup analysis of the Spain cohort in IMPACT;  Objectives: The IMPACT trial has compared the benefit in the reduction of moderate/severe exacerbations of single inhaler triple therapy (SITT) with fluticasone furoate (FF)/umeclidinium (UMEC)/vilanterol (VI) versus dual therapy with FF/VI (ICS/LABA) and UMEC/VI (LAMA/LABA) in the treatment of patients with chronic obstructive disease (COPD). This study performs a subgroup analysis of the cohort from Spain in the IMPACT study. Materials and Methods: In IMPACT, a 52‐week randomized, double‐blind, parallel‐group, multicenter study (N = 10,355), patients ⩾40 years of age with COPD and ⩾1 moderate/severe exacerbations in the previous year were randomized 2:2:1 to once‐daily FF/UMEC/VI 100/62.5/25 µg, FF/VI 100/25 µg or UMEC/VI 62.5/25 µg administered via the Ellipta inhaler. Here, we present a subgroup analysis of the 499 patients from Spain, included in the intent‐to‐treat (ITT) population in the study. Endpoint assessed included exposure‐adjusted rate of moderate and severe exacerbations. Results: In the Spain cohort, the exposure‐adjusted rate of on‐treatment moderate/severe COPD exacerbations per year for FF/UMEC/VI was 1.31 versus 1.43 and 1.57 for FF/VI and UMEC/VI, respectively. No new adverse events were identified. The results are consistent with those observed in the overall ITT study population. Conclusion: In the Spain cohort of the IMPACT study, patients receiving triple therapy with FF/UMEC/VI had a lower exposure‐adjusted rate of exacerbations compared with FF/VI and UMEC/VI, similar to the overall population. Study Title: A Phase III, 52 Week, Randomized, Double‐blind, 3‐arm Parallel Group Study, Comparing the Efficacy, Safety and Tolerability of the Fixed Dose Triple Combination FF/UMEC/VI With the Fixed Dose Dual Combinations of FF/VI and UMEC/VI, All Administered Once‐daily in the Morning Via a Dry Powder Inhaler in Subjects With Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease URL: https://www.clinicaltrialsregister.eu/ctr‐search/search?query=CTT116855/ https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02164513 Registration number: GSK (CTT116855/NCT02164513). The reviews of this paper are available via the supplemental material section.
 Study of efficacy and safety of QVA149 compared to salmeterol/fluticasone active comparator in patients with COPD;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: indacaterol maleate/glycopyrronium bromide Product Code: QVA149 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, hard capsule INN or Proposed INN: indacaterol CAS Number: 753498‐25‐8 Current Sponsor code: QAB149 Other descriptive name: INDACATEROL MALEATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 110‐ INN or Proposed INN: glycopyrronium bromide CAS Number: 596‐51‐0 Current Sponsor code: NVA237 Other descriptive name: glycopyrronium bromide Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, hard capsule Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Trade Name: Seretide Product Name: salmeterol/fluticasone Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder INN or Proposed INN: SALMETEROL CAS Number: 89365‐50‐4 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ INN or Proposed INN: FLUTICASONE CAS Number: 90566‐53‐3 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 500‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use CONDITION: subjects with moderate to very severe COPD ; MedDRA version: 14.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10010953 Term: COPD exacerbation System Organ Class: 100000004855 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To demonstrate that QVA149 (110/50 µg o.d.) is at least noninferior to salmeterol/fluticasone (50/500 µg b.i.d.) in terms of rate of COPD exacerbations (mild/moderate/severe) during 52 weeks of; treatment. Primary end point(s): Rate of COPD exacerbations (mild/moderate/severe) during 52 weeks of treatment Secondary Objective: To demonstrate that QVA149 (110/50 µg o.d.) is superior to salmeterol/fluticasone (50/500 µg b.i.d.) in terms of rate of all COPD exacerbations during 52 weeks of treatment.; To evaluate the effect of QVA149 compared to salmeterol/fluticasone during 52 weeks of treatment in terms of:; • Time to first COPD exacerbation (mild/moderate/severe).; • Rate and time to first moderate/severe COPD exacerbations.; To evaluate the effect of QVA149 compared to salmeterol/fluticasone in terms of:; • FEV1 (including morning pre‐dose FEV1) and FVC on Day 1 and after 4, 12, 26, 38; and 52 weeks of treatment.; • Lung function in terms of standardized FEV1 AUC (0 – 12h), in a subset of patients.; • Total score of the St. George’s Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ‐C) after 4, 12, 26,; 38 and 52 weeks of treatment; • Mean use of rescue therapy over the 52 weeks treatment period.; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: week 52 SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): •Time to first COPD exacerbation (mild/moderate/severe). ; •Rate and time to first moderate/severe COPD exacerbations. ; •Rate and time to first moderate to severe COPD exacerbation requiring: ; • systemic glucocorticosteroids during the treatment period ; • antibiotics during the treatment period ; • hospitalizations during the treatment period. ; • rehospitilisation within 30 days during the treatment period. ; •FEV1 (including morning pre‐dose FEV1) and FVC on Day 1 and after 4, 12, 26, 38 and 52 weeks of treatment. ; •Standardized FEV1 AUC (0 – 12h), in a subset of patients. ; •Total score of the St. George’s Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ‐C) after 4, 12, 26, 38 and 52 weeks of treatment ; •Mean use of rescue therapy over the 52 weeks treatment period. ; •Safety ‐ ECG, laboratory tests, vital signs and adverse events ; •24‐hour weighted mean urine cortisol, in a sub‐set of patients. ; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: week 52 INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Written informed consent must be obtained before any assessment is performed. 2. Male or female adults aged =40 years. 3. Patients with stable COPD according to the current GOLD strategy (GOLD 2011). 4. Current or ex‐smokers who have a smoking history of at least 10 pack years. (Ten packyears are defined as 20 cigarettes a day for 10 years, or 10 cigarettes a day for 20 years). 5. Patients with a post‐bronchodilator FEV1 =25 and < 60% of the predicted normal value, and post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC < 0.70 at Visit 101 (day ‐28). (Post refers to 1 h after sequential inhalation of 84 µg (or equivalent dose) of ipratropium bromide and 400 µg of salbutamol). 6. A documented history of at least 1 COPD exacerbation in the previous 12 months that required treatment with systemic glucocorticosteroids and/or antibiotics. 7. Patients taking stable COPD medication (at least 60 days) prior to Visit 101. 8. Patients with an m
 EXACERBATION RISK IN COPD PATIENTS BASED ON EOSINOPHIL COUNT: POST HOC ANALYSIS OF THE RANDOMIZED PRAGMATIC TRIAL, AIR-WISE, COMPARING TIOTROPIUM/OLODATEROL WITH TRIPLE THERAPY;  SESSION TITLE: COPD Medications and Treatment Outcomes SESSION TYPE: Rapid Fire Original Inv PRESENTED ON: 10/19/2022 11:15 am ‐ 12:15 pm PURPOSE: The WISDOM study reported that in patients (pts) with COPD and a history of ≥1 exacerbation/year, an eosinophil count (EC) ≥300 cells/μL identifies those more likely to benefit from continuation of ICS‐based therapy. GOLD 2022 also recommends ICS for COPD pts with a history of exacerbations, asthma, or high blood EC (≥300). In real‐world practice, research shows that ≥55% of COPD pts receive ICS‐based therapy as first‐line pharmacotherapy, which appears to be discordant with treatment recommendations in the GOLD/ATS/ERS guidelines. This provided the impetus for the AIRWISE study, an open‐label, active‐controlled, pragmatic randomized trial comparing the real‐world efficacy and safety of tiotropium/olodaterol (T/O) vs triple therapy (TT). METHODS: AIRWISE was conducted in the USA between September 2017 and September 2020. Eligible pts included adults (aged ≥40 years) with uncontrolled COPD (physician determined) on LAMA, LABA, or ICS/LABA maintenance therapy. Pts were randomized (1:1) to either T/O or TT and were followed up for 12 months. The primary endpoint was the time to the first moderate/severe (M/S) COPD exacerbation and the secondary endpoint was the annual rate of M/S exacerbations. This abstract presents a post hoc subgroup analysis of these endpoints for blood EC ≥300 vs <300. A Cox proportional hazards model adjusting for prior ICS use estimated the hazard ratio (HR) for the time to the first M/S COPD exacerbation for T/O vs TT, while a negative binomial model adjusting for prior ICS estimated the rate ratio (RR) for T/O vs TT; 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were also reported. The study was terminated earlier than planned due to slow recruitment. RESULTS: In all, 714 pts were randomized (T/O: 356; TT: 358). The mean (SD) age of the pts was 69.5 (9.6) years; 49.7% were men; 49.4% experienced ≥1 moderate exacerbation and 16.9% experienced ≥1 severe exacerbation in the prior 12 months. In all, 509 (71.3%) pts had EC <300, 175 (24.5%) had EC ≥300 and 30 (4.2%) had no baseline EC data. The time to the first M/S COPD exacerbation was similar between treatments for pts with baseline EC <300 (HR [95% CI]: 1.02 [0.68–1.53]); HR favoring TT was only seen in pts with EC ≥300 (HR [95% CI]: 2.16 [1.12–4.16]). Similar results were observed for the annual rate of M/S COPD exacerbations (RR [95% CI]: 1.12 [0.71–1.76] for EC <300 and 2.70 [1.36–5.36] for EC ≥300. CONCLUSIONS: TT reduced the risk of M/S exacerbations only in a subset of COPD pts with an elevated blood EC (≥300), which aligns with the GOLD 2022 report and confirms results from the WISDOM trial. CLINICAL IMPLICATIONS: TT initiation in pts with COPD should be determined by the pt’s phenotype as it may be more beneficial in reducing exacerbation risk in pts with an EC ≥300 (inflammatory/allergic component). DISCLOSURES: No relevant relationships by Francis Averill No relevant relationships by Valentina Bayer Employee relationship with Boehringer Ingelheim Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Please note: 28 years Added 03/30/2022 by Kristin Drda, value=Salary No relevant relationships by Russell Gongwer No relevant relationships by Bernet Kato No relevant relationships by Bushra Mina No relevant relationships by Asif Shaikh Employee relationship with Boehringer Ingelheim Pharma GmbH & Co. KG Please note: 2010‐2022 Added 03/30/2022 by Florian Voss, value=Salary Employee relationship with HealthCore Please note: Jan 2014‐present Added 03/30/2022 by Vince Willey, value=Salary
 Study design of vesuto; study to evaluate the efficacy of tiotropium + olodaterol vs tiotropium on lung hyperinflation, exercise capacity, and physical activity in Japanese COPD patients;  Background and Aims: Tiotropium + olodaterol fixed‐dose combination (T + O FDC) had shown superiority to either of the monotherapies in lung function, dyspnea, lung hyperinflation, and quality of life in COPD patients in several studies. The scientific interest related to patients' daily life, e.g. physical activity, has been growing. Although exercise capacity and daily physical activity improvement are mentioned as one of the important treatment targets in the Japanese COPD treatment guideline, these endpoints have not yet been evaluated in a large‐scale randomized study in Japan. The VESUTO was planned to evaluate pharmacological intervention effects on these endpoints. Methods: The VESUTO is a randomized, double‐blind, 2‐way crossover, active‐controlled study. A total of 180 COPD patients (GOLD stage 2‐4) aged ≥40 years will be randomized in a 1:1 ratio to 1 of 2 sequential treatment groups, starting treatment with T + O FDC 5 μg/5 μg or tiotropium 5 μg, for 6 weeks in each treatment period. Both medications are orally inhaled once daily using RESPIMAT®. The primary endpoint is inspiratory capacity (IC) at rest (60 minutes post‐dose) after 6 weeks, for evaluating hyperinflation. Secondary endpoints are the 6‐minute walk distance (6‐ MWD), for evaluating exercise capacity, and patients' daily physical activity measured using 3‐axis accelerometer. A mixed‐effects model repeated measures approach will be used to assess the primary and secondary endpoints. (NCT02629965) Results: The VESUTO initiated in February 2016 in Japan is currently recruiting patients. This is the first large‐scale, randomized, double‐blind, cross‐over study to evaluate the efficacy of T + O FDC versus tiotropium not only on lung hyperinflation, but also on exercise capacity and physical activity in Japanese COPD patients. The VESUTO would provide further evidence of LAMA/LABA combination therapy for lung function, exercise capacity and physical activity associated with patients' daily life activity in Japanese patients with COPD. (Figure Presented).
 Effect of Chronic Mucus Hypersecretion on COPD Outcomes: impact Trial;  Introduction/Aim. Chronic mucus hypersecretion (CMH) has been associated with reduced lung function and health status and increased exacerbation risk in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). In the IMPACT trial, once‐daily fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) triple therapy reduced moderate/severe exacerbation rates and improved lung function and health status versus FF/VI and UMEC/VI in patients with COPD, with a similar safety profile. This post hoc analysis evaluated CMH prevalence in the IMPACT population and its impact on outcomes. Methods. The 52‐week, double‐blind IMPACT trial randomised patients with symptomatic COPD and ≥ 1 exacerbation in the prior year to once‐daily FF/UMEC/VI 100/62.5/25mcg, FF/VI 100/25mcg, or UMEC/VI 62.5/25mcg. The presence of CMH (CMH+) was defined as cough and phlegm most or several days a week (St. Georgeâs Respiratory Questionnaire [SGRQ] cough and phlegm scores of 1 or 2). Annual moderate/severe exacerbation rates and adverse events of special interest (AESI) incidence by CMH status were assessed post hoc. Results. Of the 10,355 patients in the IMPACT intent‐to‐treat population, 10,250 had baseline CMH data available and were included in this analysis. Of those, 6383 (62%) were CMH+. CMH+ patients were more likely to be current smokers (43% vs 21%), and have worse health status (SGRQ total score: 53.6 vs 45.8) compared with CMH‐patients. Ontreatment moderate/severe exacerbation rates were numerically higher in CMH+ than CMH‐patients in all treatment groups (Figure). FF/UMEC/VI significantly reduced moderate/severe exacerbation rates versus FF/VI and UMEC/VI in both CMH subgroups (Figure). Moderate/severe exacerbation rates were significantly lower with FF/VI than UMEC/VI in CMH+ patients, with no significant difference in CMH‐patients (Figure 1). AESI incidences were similar between CMH subgroups. Conclusion. FF/UMEC/VI provided significant exacerbation benefit versus FF/VI and UMEC/VI regardless of CMH status. Exacerbation benefit with FF/VI versus UMEC/VI was seen in CMH+ but not CMH‐patients.
 Effect of chronic mucus hypersecretion on COPD outcomes: IMPACT trial;  Introduction/Aim: Chronic mucus hypersecretion (CMH) has been associated with reduced lung function and health status and increased exacerbation risk in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). In the IMPACT trial, once‐daily fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) triple therapy reduced moderate/severe exacerbation rates and improved lung function and health status versus FF/VI and UMEC/VI in patients with COPD, with a similar safety profile. This post hoc analysis evaluated CMH prevalence in the IMPACT population and its impact on outcomes. Methods: The 52‐week, double‐blind IMPACT trial randomized patients with symptomatic COPD and 1 exacerbation in the prior year to once‐daily FF/UMEC/VI 100/62.5/25mcg, FF/VI 100/25mcg, or UMEC/VI 62.5/25mcg. The presence of CMH (CMH+) was defined as cough and phlegm most or several days a week (St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire [SGRQ] cough and phlegm scores of 1 or 2). Annual moderate/severe exacerbation rates and adverse events of special interest (AESI) incidence by CMH status were assessed post hoc. Results: Of the 10,355 patients in the IMPACT intent‐to‐treat population, 10,250 had baseline CMH data available and were included in this analysis. Of those, 6383 (62%) were CMH+. CMH+ patients were more likely to be current smokers (43% vs 21%), and have worse health status (SGRQ total score: 53.6 vs 45.8) compared with CMH‐ patients. On‐treatment moderate/severe exacerbation rates were numerically higher in CMH+ than CMH‐ patients in all treatment groups (Figure). FF/UMEC/VI significantly reduced moderate/severe exacerbation rates versus FF/VI and UMEC/VI in both CMH subgroups (Figure). Moderate/severe exacerbation rates were significantly lower with FF/VI than UMEC/VI in CMH+ patients, with no significant difference in CMH‐ patients (Figure). AESI incidences were similar between CMH subgroups. Conclusion: FF/UMEC/VI provided significant exacerbation benefit versus FF/VI and UMEC/VI regardless of CMH status. Exacerbation benefit with FF/VI versus UMEC/VI was seen in CMH+ but not CMH‐ patients.
 A 12-week study to test lung function in people with COPD and who have or at risk for cardiovascular disease;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: Fluticasone Furoate/GW642444 Inhalation Powder Product Code: Fluticasone Furoate/GW642444 Inhalation Powder Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed INN or Proposed INN: Fluticasone Furoate CAS Number: 397864‐44‐7 Current Sponsor code: GW685698X Other descriptive name: Fluticasone Furoate Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 100‐ INN or Proposed INN: Vilanterol trifenatate CAS Number: 503070‐58‐4 Current Sponsor code: GW642444M Other descriptive name: Vilanterol trifenatate Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 25‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Trade Name: SPIRIVA® Product Name: Tiotropium Product Code: Tiotropium Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, hard capsule INN or Proposed INN: Tiotropium bromide CAS Number: 411207313 Other descriptive name: Tiotropium bromide monohydrate Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 18‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, hard capsule Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) ; MedDRA version: 14.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10010952 Term: COPD System Organ Class: 100000004855 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: The primary objective of this study is to evaluate the efficacy (particularly the change from baseline trough in 24‐hour weighted‐mean serial FEV1 at the end of a 12‐week treatment period) and safety of FF/VI Inhalation Powder 100/25mcg once‐daily (QD) via the NDPI compared with tiotropium bromide inhalation powder 18mcg delivered QD via the HandiHaler over a 12‐week treatment period in subjects with COPD who have or are at risk for co‐morbid cardiovascular disease. Primary end point(s): Change from baseline trough in 24‐hour weighted‐mean serial FEV1 at the end of 12 weeks of treatment on Treatment Day 84 (Visit 5). This weighted mean is calculated from the pre‐dose FEV1 and post‐dose FEV1 measurements at 5, 15 and 30 minutes and 1, 2, 4, 6, 8, 12, 13, 14, 16, 20, and 24 hours on Treatment Day 84 (Visit 5).; Baseline trough FEV1 is the mean of the two assessments made ‐30 and ‐5 minutes pre‐dose on Treatment Day 1 (Visit 2).; Secondary Objective: Characterize the time to onset (increase of 100mL above baseline in FEV1) on Treatment Day 1 (Visit 2) of both FF/VI Inhalation Powder 100/25 mcg QD and tiotropium bromide inhalation powder 18mcg QD. ; ; Evaluate the change from baseline in clinic visit trough FEV1 at Treatment Day 84 (Visit 5) of both FF/VI Inhalation Powder 100/25 mcg QD and tiotropium bromide inhalation powder 18mcg QD. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Treatment Day 84 (Visit 5); SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): Time to onset (increase of 100mL above baseline in FEV1) on Treatment Day 1 (Visit 2) ; ; Change from baseline in Clinic Visit trough (pre‐bronchodilator and pre‐dose) FEV1 at Treatment Day 84 (Visit 5) ; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Treatment Day 1 (Visit 2) ; ; Treatment Day 84 (Visit 5) ; Subjects eligible for enrolment in the study must meet all of the following criteria: 1.Type of subject: Outpatient 2.Informed consent: Subjects must give their signed and dated written informed consent to participate. 3.Gender: Male or female subjects Female subjects must be post‐menopausal or using a highly effective method for avoidance of pregnancy. The decision to inc INCLUSION CRITERIA: Specific information regarding warnings, precautions, contraindications, adverse events, and other pertinent information on the GSK investigational product or other study treatment that may impact subject eligibility is provided in the IB/IB Supplements and Prescribing Information (tiotropium bromide). Deviations from inclusion criteria are not allowed because they can potentially jeopardize the scientific integrity of the study, regulatory acceptability or subject safety. Therefore, adherence to the criteria as specified in the protocol is essential.
 InforMing the PAthway of COPD Treatment (IMPACT) trial: fibrinogen levels predict risk of moderate or severe exacerbations;  Background: Fibrinogen is the first qualified prognostic/predictive biomarker for exacerbations in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). The IMPACT trial investigated fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) triple therapy versus FF/VI and UMEC/VI in patients with symptomatic COPD at risk of exacerbations. This analysis used IMPACT trial data to examine the relationship between fibrinogen levels and exacerbation outcomes in patients with COPD. Methods: 8094 patients with a fibrinogen assessment at Week 16 were included, baseline fibrinogen data were not measured. Post hoc analyses were performed by fibrinogen quartiles and by 3.5 g/L threshold. Endpoints included on‐treatment exacerbations and adverse events of special interest (AESIs). Results: Rates of moderate, moderate/severe, and severe exacerbations were higher in the highest versus lowest fibrinogen quartile (0.75, 0.92 and 0.15 vs 0.67, 0.79 and 0.10, respectively). The rate ratios (95% confidence interval [CI]) for exacerbations in patients with fibrinogen levels ≥ 3.5 g/L versus those with fibrinogen levels < 3.5 g/L were 1.03 (0.95, 1.11) for moderate exacerbations, 1.08 (1.00, 1.15) for moderate/severe exacerbations, and 1.30 (1.10, 1.54) for severe exacerbations. There was an increased risk of moderate/severe exacerbation (hazard ratio [95% CI]: highest vs lowest quartile 1.16 [1.04, 1.228]; ≥ 3.5 g/L vs < 3.5 g/L: 1.09 [1.00, 1.16]) and severe exacerbation (1.35 [1.09, 1.69]; 1.27 [1.08, 1.47], respectively) with increasing fibrinogen level. Cardiovascular AESIs were highest in patients in the highest fibrinogen quartile. Conclusions: Rate and risk of exacerbations was higher in patients with higher fibrinogen levels. This supports the validity of fibrinogen as a predictive biomarker for COPD exacerbations, and highlights the potential use of fibrinogen as an enrichment strategy in trials examining exacerbation outcomes. Trial registration: NCT02164513
 Efficacy and Safety of Umeclidinium Added to Fluticasone Propionate/Salmeterol in Patients with COPD: results of Two Randomized, Double-Blind Studies;  Combinations of drugs with distinct and complementary mechanisms of action may offer improved efficacy in the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). In two 12‐week, double‐blind, parallel‐group studies, patients with COPD were randomized 1:1:1 to once‐daily umeclidinium (UMEC; 62.5 g and 125 g) or placebo (PBO), added to twice‐daily fluticasone propionate/salmeterol (FP/SAL; 250/50 g). In both studies, the primary efficacy measure was trough forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) at Day 85. Secondary endpoints were weighted‐mean (WM) FEV1 over 0‐6 hours post‐dose (Day 84) and rescue albuterol use. Health‐related quality of life outcomes (St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire [SGRQ] and COPD assessment test [CAT]) were also examined. Safety was assessed throughout. Both UMEC+FP/SAL doses provided statistically significant improvements in trough FEV1 (Day 85: 0.127‐0.148 L) versus PBO+FP/SAL. Similarly, both UMEC+FP/SAL doses provided statistically‐significant improvements in 0‐6 hours post‐dose WM FEV1 versus PBO+FP/SAL (Day 84: 0.144‐0.165 L). Rescue use over Weeks 1‐12 decreased with UMEC+FP/SAL in both studies versus PBO+FP/SAL (Study 1, 0.3 puffs/day [both doses]; Study 2, 0.5 puffs/day [UMEC 125+FP/SAL]). Decreases from baseline in CAT score were generally larger for both doses of UMEC+FP/SAL versus PBO+FP/SAL (except for Day 84 Study 2). In Study 1, no differences in SGRQ score were observed between UMEC+FP/SAL and PBO+FP/SAL; however, in Study 2, statistically significant improvements were observed with UMEC 62.5+FP/SAL (Day 28) and UMEC 125+FP/SAL (Days 28 and 84) versus PBO+FP/SAL. The incidence of on‐treatment adverse events across all treatment groups was 37‐41% in Study 1 and 36‐38% in Study 2. Overall, these data indicate that the combination of UMEC+FP/SAL can provide additional benefits over FP/SAL alone in patients with COPD.
 Extrafine single inhaler triple therapy effectiveness in COPD patients previously treated with multiple-inhaler triple therapy: the TRIWIN study;  Background: The extrafine single inhaler triple therapy (efSITT) containing beclomethasone dipropionate/formoterol fumarate/glycopyrronium 87/5/9 μg has proved to be efficacious in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) in randomized control trials. Objective: TRIWIN study evaluated the effectiveness of efSITT delivering beclomethasone dipropionate/formoterol fumarate/glycopyrronium 87/5/9 μg in COPD patients previously treated with multiple‐inhaler triple therapy (MITT) in a real‐world study in Greece. Design: Prospective, multicenter, observational, non‐interventional study was conducted over 24 weeks. Methods: A total of 475 eligible patients had moderate‐to‐severe COPD, an indication for treatment with efSITT, and were symptomatic despite receiving MITT. COPD Assessment Test (CAT) score, pulmonary function parameters, use of rescue medication, and adherence to inhaler use were recorded at baseline (Visit 1), 3 (Visit 2), and 6 months (Visit 3) after treatment. Results: Mean CAT score decreased from 21.4 points at Visit 1, to 16.6 at Visit 2 and 15.1 at Visit 3 (p < 0.001 for all pair comparisons). At Visit 3, 79.8% of patients reached a CAT improvement exceeding minimal clinically important difference (⩾2), compared to baseline. Mean forced expiratory volume in 1 s (%pred.) increased from 55.4% at Visit 1 to 63.5% at the end of study period (p < 0.001), while mean forced vital capacity (%pred.) increased from 71.1% at Visit 1, to 76.7% at Visit 3 (p < 0.001). The mean Test of Adherence to Inhalers score increased from 42.5 to 45.3 and 46.3 points, for the three visits, respectively (p < 0.001 comparing Visits 1/2 and Visits 1/3; p = 0.006 comparing Visits 2/3). The percentage of patients showing good adherence rose from 33.7% at baseline to 58.3% at Visit 3. The percentage of patients using rescue medication during the last month dropped from 16.2% to 7.4% at the end of study period (p < 0.001). Pulmonary function parameters also improved. Conclusion: The TRIWIN results suggest that extrafine beclomethasone dipropionate/formoterol fumarate/glycopyrronium is effective in improving health status, pulmonary function, and adherence and in reducing rescue medication use in COPD patients previously treated with MITT, in a real‐world setting in Greece.
 Single inhaler triple therapy (FF/UMEC/VI) versus FF/VI and UMEC/VI in patients with COPD: subgroup analysis of the China cohort in the IMPACT trial;  Objectives: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is becoming a leading cause of morbidity and mortality in China. In the IMPACT trial, fluticasone furoate[FF]/umeclidinium[UMEC]/vilanterol[VI] single‐inhaler triple therapy demonstrated lower rates of moderate/severe exacerbations than dual therapy with FF/VI or UMEC/VI in patients with symptomatic COPD and a history of exacerbations. This analysis investigates the China cohort and its consistency with the overall ITT population. Methods: 10,355 patients were randomized 2:2:1 to once‐daily FF/UMEC/VI 100/62.5/25 µg, FF/VI 100/25 µg, or UMEC/VI 62.5/25 µg for 52 weeks. Endpoints included: annual rates of exacerbations, time‐to‐first on‐treatment moderate/severe exacerbation and change from baseline in trough forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1) at Week‐52. Clinical trial registration is NCT02164513 (CTT116855). Results: 535 patients (5.2%) were from China. Annual on‐treatment moderate/severe exacerbation rate was 0.81 with FF/UMEC/VI versus 0.96 with FF/VI (rate ratio: 0.84; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.64, 1.11; p =.227) and 0.80 with UMEC/VI (rate ratio: 1.02; 95% CI: 0.72, 1.44; p =.929). Hazard ratio for time‐to‐first moderate/severe exacerbation was 0.84 (95% CI: 0.63, 1.11; p =.218) for FF/UMEC/VI versus FF/VI and 0.89 (95% CI: 0.62, 1.27; p =.516) versus UMEC/VI. Significant improvements in mean change from baseline in trough FEV1 were observed for FF/UMEC/VI versus FF/VI (treatment difference 137 mL; 95% CI: 86, 188; p <.001) and UMEC/VI (63 mL; 0, 125; p =.050). Health status was improved with FF/UMEC/VI versus both dual therapies. Results were similar to the overall ITT population. No new safety signals were identified. Conclusions: Single‐inhaler triple therapy with FF/UMEC/VI versus FF/VI or UMEC/VI reduced the rate and risk of exacerbations, and improved lung function and health status in the China cohort similar to the overall ITT population. No new safety signals were identified.
 Rate of severe COPD exacerbations with Budesonide/glycopyrronium/formoterol fumarate Dihydrate metered dose inhaler (bgf mdi) Versus dual therapies: a post-hoc subgroup Analysis of the ethos trial;  Introduction and Objectives The management of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) exacerbations varies by region; in most countries, patients are hospitalized for serious or potentially life‐threatening exacerbations only, while mild/moderate exacerbations are managed in general practice or outpatient settings. To determine whether regional differences had an impact on outcomes in the ETHOS study, we performed a post‐hoc analysis of severe exacerbation rates in selected regions with similar management of COPD exacerbations. Methods ETHOS (NCT02465567) was a 52‐week, randomized, double‐blind study in patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD who had‐1 moderate/severe exacerbation in the previous year. Patients received budesonide/glycopyrronium/formoterol fumarate dihydrate metered dose inhaler (BGF MDI) 320/14.4/10mg or 160/14.4/10mg; glycopyrronium/formoterol fumarate dihydrate (GFF) MDI 14.4/10mg; or budesonide/formoterol fumarate dihydrate (BFF) MDI 320/10mg. All treatments were administered twice‐daily via an Aerosphere inhaler. This post‐hoc analysis assessed the annualized rate of severe exacerbations (a secondary endpoint) in a subgroup of 23 countries with similar patient care practices, including all patients from Europe, North America, South America, Australia, New Zealand, and South Africa. Results The country subgroup population (n=7922) was a subset of the modified intent‐to‐treat (mITT) population (n=8509). In the global mITT population, BGF MDI 320/14.4/10mg significantly reduced the severe exacerbation rate by 20% versus BFF MDI (rate ratio [RR] 0.80 [95% CI 0.66‐0.97], p=0.0221) with a numerical improvement of 16% versus GFF MDI (RR 0.84 [0.69‐1.03], p=0.0944). In the country subgroup, BGF MDI 320/14.4/10mg significantly reduced severe exacerbations by 23% versus BFF MDI (RR 0.77 [95% CI 0.62‐0.96], unadjusted p=0.0194); and by 20% versus GFF MDI (RR 0.80 [0.64‐0.99], unadjusted p=0.0438). BGF MDI 160/14.4/10mg numerically improved severe exacerbation rates versus BFF MDI and GFF MDI (table 1). Conclusions In the 52‐week ETHOS study, BGF MDI 320/14.4/10mg reduced the rate of severe exacerbations versus both BFF MDI and GFF MDI in a subset of 23 countries with similar patient care practices. The consistent risk reductions in this subset compared with the overall population support the benefits of BGF MDI 320/14.4/10mg compared with dual therapies in reducing the rate of exacerbations that require management in a hospital setting.
 Rate of severe copd exacerbations with budesonide/glycopyrronium/formoterol fumarate dihydrate metered dose inhaler (BGF MDI) versus dual therapies: a post-hoc subgroup analysis of the ethos trial;  Introduction: and Objectives: The management of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) exacerbations varies by region; in most countries, patients are hospitalized for serious or potentially life‐threatening exacerbations only, while mild/moderate exacerbations are managed in general practice or outpatient settings. To determine whether regional differences had an impact on outcomes in the ETHOS study, we performed a post‐hoc analysis of severe exacerbation rates in selected regions with similar management of COPD exacerbations. Methods: ETHOS (NCT02465567) was a 52‐week, randomized, double‐blind study in patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD who had ≥1 moderate/severe exacerbation in the previous year. Patients received budesonide/glycopyrronium/formoterol fumarate dihydrate metered dose inhaler (BGF MDI) 320/14.4/10μg or 160/14.4/10μg; glycopyrronium/formoterol fumarate dihydrate (GFF) MDI 14.4/10μg; or budesonide/formoterol fumarate dihydrate (BFF) MDI 320/10μg. All treatments were administered twice‐daily via an Aerosphere inhaler. This post‐hoc analysis assessed the annualized rate of severe exacerbations (a secondary endpoint) in a subgroup of 23 countries with similar patient care practices, including all patients from Europe, North America, South America, Australia, New Zealand, and South Africa. Results: The country subgroup population (n=7922) was a subset of the modified intent‐to‐treat (mITT) population (Table presented) (n=8509). In the global mITT population, BGF MDI 320/14.4/10mg significantly reduced the severe exacerbation rate by 20% versus BFF MDI (rate ratio [RR] 0.80 [95% CI 0.66‐0.97], p=0.0221) with a numerical improvement of 16% versus GFF MDI (RR 0.84 [0.69‐1.03], p=0.0944). In the country subgroup, BGF MDI 320/14.4/10mg significantly reduced severe exacerbations by 23% versus BFF MDI (RR 0.77 [95% CI 0.62‐0.96], unadjusted p=0.0194); and by 20% versus GFF MDI (RR 0.80 [0.64‐0.99], unadjusted p=0.0438). BGF MDI 160/14.4/10mg numerically improved severe exacerbation rates versus BFF MDI and GFF MDI (table 1). Conclusions: In the 52‐week ETHOS study, BGF MDI 320/14.4/10mg reduced the rate of severe exacerbations versus both BFF MDI and GFF MDI in a subset of 23 countries with similar patient care practices. The consistent risk reductions in this subset compared with the overall population support the benefits of BGF MDI 320/14.4/10mg compared with dual therapies in reducing the rate of exacerbations that require management in a hospital setting.
 Pharmacokinetics of budesonide/glycopyrrolate/formoterol fumarate metered dose inhaler formulated using co-suspension delivery technology after single and chronic dosing in patients with COPD;  BACKGROUND: Budesonide/glycopyrrolate/formoterol fumarate metered dose inhaler (BGF MDI), formulated using co‐suspension delivery technology, is a triple fixed‐dose combination in late‐stage clinical development for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). METHODS: We conducted two studies to characterize the pharmacokinetic (PK) profile of BGF MDI in patients with COPD: (i) a phase I, open‐label, single and chronic (7‐day) dosing study (NCT03250182) with one treatment arm (BGF MDI 320/18/9.6 μg); and (ii) a PK sub‐study of KRONOS (NCT02497001), a phase III, randomized, double‐blind study in which patients received 24 weeks' treatment with BGF MDI 320/18/9.6 μg, glycopyrrolate/formoterol fumarate (GFF) MDI 18/9.6 μg, budesonide/formoterol fumarate (BFF) MDI 320/9.6 μg, or budesonide/formoterol fumarate dry powder inhaler (BUD/FORM DPI) 320/9 μg. PK parameters in both studies included maximum observed plasma concentration (Cmax) and area under the plasma concentration‐time curve from 0 to 12h (AUC0‐12). RESULTS: In the phase I PK study (30 patients), budesonide and glycopyrronium Cmax were comparable after single and chronic dosing of BGF MDI (accumulation ratio [RAC] 95% and 107%, respectively) whereas Cmax for formoterol was slightly higher after chronic dosing (RAC 116%). AUC0‐12 for budesonide, glycopyrronium, and formoterol were higher following chronic versus single dosing, with an RAC of 126%, 179%, and 143%, respectively. After 7 days' dosing, AUC0‐12 and Cmax for all three components of BGF MDI were similar to those in the KRONOS PK sub‐study (202 patients) at Week 24. In the latter sub‐study, Cmax and AUC0‐12 at Week 24 were generally comparable across treatments for budesonide (geometric mean ratios [GMR] of 96%‐109% for BGF MDI vs BFF MDI or BUD/FORM DPI), glycopyrronium (GMR of 88%‐100% for BGF MDI vs GFF MDI), and formoterol (GMR of 80%‐113% for BGF MDI vs GFF MDI or BFF MDI). CONCLUSIONS: Steady‐state PK parameters of budesonide, glycopyrronium, and formoterol were similar after 7 days' dosing in the phase I PK study and after 24 weeks in the KRONOS PK sub‐study. Systemic exposure to budesonide, glycopyrronium, and formoterol was generally comparable across treatments in the KRONOS PK sub‐study, suggesting no meaningful drug‐drug or within‐formulation PK interactions.
 Once-daily QVA149 improves symptom scores in patients with COPD;  Introduction QVA149 is a once‐daily dual bronchodilator containing a fixed‐dose combination of the long‐acting β2 ‐agonist indacaterol and the long‐acting muscarinic antagonist glycopyrronium in development for the treatment of COPD. Here we present the symptom score results from three Phase III studies of QVA149. Methods All three studies were multicenter, double‐blind, parallel‐group, which randomized patients (pts) ≥40 yrs with moderate‐to‐severe COPD. E‐diaries were provided to pts to record their daily symptoms. Results The SHINE, ENLIGHTEN and ILLUMINATE studies randomized 2144, 523 and 339 pts, respectively. QVA149 patients had statistically significant improvements in symptom scores compared with other treatment groups as shown in table. (Table Presented) Conclusion Once‐daily QVA149 provides improvements in COPD symptoms compared to indacaterol, glycopyrronium, tiotropium and salmeterol/fluticasone.
 Comparison of inspiratory capacity assessed by spirometry and plethysmography: post-hoc analysis of glycopyrrolate/formoterol fumarate metered dose inhaler (GFF MDI) in patients with COPD;  Introduction Inspiratory capacity (IC), assessed by spirometry, is commonly used in clinical studies as a measure of hyperinflation when the measurement of lung volume by plethysmography is not practical or possible. However, there is a paucity of data comparing results obtained by these two techniques in order to evaluate whether spirometry is an appropriate alternative for measuring hyperinflation in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). In this post‐hoc analysis, we assessed the consistency between spirometry‐ and plethysmography‐based IC results acquired during a Phase IIIb placebocontrolled study of GFF MDI, a fixed‐dose combination of glycopyrrolate and formoterol fumarate delivered by metered dose inhaler (MDI) using innovative co‐suspension delivery technology. Methods PT003018 (NCT02643082) was a single‐center, double‐blind, 2‐week dosing, Phase IIIb crossover study, in which patients 40‐80 years of age with moderate‐to‐severe COPD received GFF MDI 18/9.6 μg (equivalent to glycopyrronium/formoterol fumarate dihydrate 14.4/10 μg) and placebo MDI (both twice daily). Spirometry and body plethysmography assessments were performed pre‐dose on Day 1 of each treatment period to record baseline values, and postdose on Day 15 of each treatment period. IC was measured directly during spirometry and was derived from plethysmography data by subtracting the functional residual capacity from the total lung capacity. Results In total, 20 patients were randomized (75% male; mean age 64.8 years; mean post‐bronchodilator forced expiratory volume in 1 second 60.1% predicted). The least squares mean (LSM) change from baseline in IC at Day 15 following treatment with GFF MDI was similar whether assessed by spirometry (318 mL) or plethysmography (346 mL; Table). Both techniques also demonstrated reductions in IC after placebo MDI treatment (LSM change from baseline ‐136 mL and ‐80 mL assessed by spirometry and plethysmography, respectively). Furthermore, the LSM treatment differences (95% CIs) between GFF MDI and placebo MDI were comparable for spirometry (454 mL [209, 699]) and plethysmography (426 mL [207, 644]). Spirometry‐ and plethysmography‐based absolute IC data at Day 15 were highly correlated, with a Pearson correlation coefficient of r=0.947. The correlation between the change from baseline to Day 15 in IC obtained by spirometry and body plethysmography was r=0.667. Conclusions In this study of GFF MDI in patients with COPD, the spirometry‐based measures of IC correlated well with plethysmography‐based IC, which is considered to be the gold standard of hyperinflation assessment. Therefore, these results support the conclusion that spirometry‐based assessments of IC are a valid measure of hyperinflation in clinical studies.
 Once-daily QVA149 improves symptom scores in patients with COPD;  Rationale QVA149 is a novel inhaled once‐daily, fixed‐dose combination of the long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA) indacaterol and the long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) glycopyrronium, in development for the maintenance treatment of COPD. Patients with COPD experience a progressive deterioration and disability, which lead to a worsening in their symptoms.1 Here we present the results of the symptom scores from three studies in the Indacaterol and GlycopyrroNium bromide ClInical sTudiEs (IGNITE) phase III development program of QVA149. Methods All three studies (SHINE, ILLUMINATE, ENLIGHTEN) were multicenter, double‐blind, parallel‐group which randomized male or female patients ≥40 years of age with moderate‐to‐severe COPD and smoking history ≥10 pack‐years to receive treatments as given in Table 1. All patients were provided e‐diaries to record morning and evening daily symptoms; cough, wheezing, shortness or breath, sputum volume, sputum color, sputum purulence, fever (without other cause), colds (nasal discharge and/or nasal congestion), sore throat, and night time awakenings. The site personnel downloaded and reviewed the patient diary data with the patient, and entered the information from the diary into the electronic case report form. Results The patients were randomized to the treatment groups as given in Table 1. QVA149 when compared to placebo, glycopyrronium and open‐label tiotropium, was statistically significantly superior for change from baseline in the mean daily total symptom score following 26 weeks treatment. The change from baseline in the mean total, daytime and nighttime total symptom scores were also statistically significant in favor of QVA149 versus placebo over 52 weeks in the ENLIGHTEN study. The change from baseline in the mean individual symptom scores was statistically significantly greater in the QVA149 group when compared to placebo over 26 and 52 weeks. The summary statistics are described in Table 2. Conclusion QVA149 once daily provides improvements in several symptomatic measures compared to its mono‐components indacaterol and glycopyrronium, as well as tiotropium and salmeterol/fluticasone. (Table Presented).
 Efficacy and safety of nebulized formoterol as add-on therapy in COPD patients receiving maintenance tiotropium bromide: results from a 6-week, randomized, placebo-controlled, clinical trial;  Current guidelines for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) recommend the use of long‐acting bronchodilators in the maintenance management of COPD. Combining bronchodilators that work through different mechanisms is recommended in patients with continuous symptoms. We conducted this study to confirm and further investigate the efficacy and safety of nebulized formoterol as an add‐on therapy to maintenance tiotropium in patients with COPD. This randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, parallel‐group study (NCT00507234) was conducted at 24 US sites from March to October 2007 in 155 patients aged > or =40 years with post‐bronchodilator forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV(1)) > or =25% to <65% predicted normal. COPD patients receiving open‐label tiotropium bromide 18 microg once daily during a 1‐ to 2‐week run‐in period were randomized to receive either formoterol fumarate inhalation solution 20 microg or placebo by nebulization twice daily for 6 weeks while continuing treatment with tiotropium. Outcomes included serial spirometry, inspiratory capacity (IC), baseline dyspnoea index/transition dyspnoea index (BDI/TDI), daily symptom scores, salbutamol (albuterol) use and health status measured by the St George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ). The primary efficacy endpoint was standardized absolute FEV(1) area under the curve over 3 hours (AUC(0‐3)) at week 6. Treatment groups (formoterol plus tiotropium, n = 78; placebo plus tiotropium, n = 77) were comparable at baseline. At 6 weeks, FEV(1) AUC(0‐3) was significantly greater in the formoterol group compared with the placebo group (1.57 vs 1.38 L [p < 0.0001]). Similarly, formoterol plus tiotropium improved other lung function measures, including FEV(1), forced vital capacity and post‐dose IC at day 1, and maintained efficacy through week 6. Formoterol plus tiotropium decreased rescue albuterol use throughout the study (p < 0.05). Mean TDI, SGRQ and most symptom scores did not differ between the two treatment groups. Overall, 37% of formoterol plus tiotropium recipients experienced adverse events versus 51% of those receiving placebo plus tiotropium. The addition of nebulized formoterol to tiotropium in maintenance treatment of COPD provided clinically meaningful, statistically significant and sustained improvements in pulmonary function without additional adverse effects.
 Combination glycopyrronium and formoterol fumarate inhalation aerosol (PT003) at a dose of 14.4/9.6 μg provides superior improvement in inspiratory capacity compared to tiotropium dry powder inhaler (DPI) in subjects with moderate to severe COPD;  RATIONALE: Pearl Therapeutics is developing PT003, a combination of glycopyrronium (GP) and formoterol fumarate (FF) in a metered‐dose inhaler (GFF MDI), as well as its individual components GP MDI (PT001) and FF MDI (PT005) for the long‐term management of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Inspiratory capacity (IC) is a surrogate to quantify hyperinflation in patients with COPD (Celli, 2003). Evidence suggests that regular treatment with long‐acting bronchodilators may improve IC, which contributes significantly to improvements in dyspnea, and exercise performance (Puente‐Maestu, 2006). Tiotropium bromide dry powder inhaler (Tio DPI) is known to improve IC and exercise performance (O'Donnell, 2006). As a benchmark, GFF MDI was compared with Tio DPI in study PT003005. METHODS: This was a Phase IIb randomized, double‐blind, chronic‐dosing, four‐period, eight‐treatment, incomplete‐block, active‐controlled, cross‐over study (NCT01587079) in subjects with COPD. There were 132 subjects aged 43‐80 years included in the MITT Population. IC was evaluated in all subjects as a supportive endpoint. This analysis focused on the dose of GFF MDI (14.4/9.6 μg) that has been selected for further evaluation in Phase III in comparison with open‐label Tio DPI 18 μg as an active control. Initial onset of effect was assessed by using peak IC on Day 1, and effects following chronic‐dosing were assessed by morning trough IC and peak IC on Day 7. RESULTS: The primary efficacy and safety results have been presented previously (Reisner, 2013). For peak IC, the change from baseline on Day 1 for GFF MDI 14.4/9.6 μg was 393 mL. Differences between GFF MDI 14.4/9.6 μg and Tio DPI were significant (161 mL p=0.0004). For peak IC on Day 7, the change from baseline for GFF MDI 14.4/9.6 μg was 430 mL and was significantly greater than Tio DPI (189 mL p<0.0001). Morning trough IC on Day 7 was improved from baseline by 185 mL for GFF MDI 14.4/9.6 μg, but was not significantly greater than Tio DPI (78 mL p=0.060). CONCLUSION: GFF MDI provided significant benefit in peak IC over Tio DPI on initial dosing, with persistent benefit observed following chronic dosing. These findings suggest GFF MDI may provide a further benefit in exercise performance compared with Tio DPI and support further evaluation of GFF MDI. (Table Presented).
 Relationship between risk, cumulative burden of exacerbations and mortality in patients with COPD: modelling analysis using data from the ETHOS study;  BACKGROUND: The major drivers of cost‐effectiveness for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) therapies are the occurrence of exacerbations and deaths. Exacerbations, including acute and long‐term events, can cause worsening of COPD and lead to an increased risk of further exacerbations, and ultimately may elevate the risk of death. In contrast to this, health economic models are based on COPD severity progression. In this post hoc analysis of the ETHOS study, we focus on the progression of COPD due to exacerbations and deaths. METHODS: We fitted semi‐parametric and fully parametric multi‐state Markov models with the following five progressive states: State 1, no exacerbation; State 2, 1 moderate exacerbation; State 3, ≥ 2 moderate exacerbations; State 4, ≥ 1 severe exacerbations; State 5, death. The models only allowed a patient to transition to a worsened health state, and transitions did not necessarily have to be to the next adjacent state. We used the multi‐state models to analyse data from ETHOS, a phase III, 52‐week study assessing the efficacy and safety of triple therapy with budesonide/glycopyrronium/formoterol fumarate dihydrate in moderate‐to‐very severe COPD. RESULTS: The Weibull multi‐state Markov model showed good fit of the data. In line with clinical evidence, we found a higher mortality risk after a severe exacerbation (11.4‐fold relative ratio increase [95% CI, 7.7‐17.0], 6.4‐fold increase [95% CI, 3.8‐10.8] and 5.4‐fold increase [95% CI, 2.9‐10.3] relative to no exacerbations, 1 moderate exacerbation or ≥ 2 moderate exacerbations, respectively). One moderate exacerbation increased mortality risk 1.8‐fold (95% CI, 1.1‐2.9) vs no exacerbations. We also found a higher risk of severe exacerbation and mortality following ≥ 2 moderate exacerbations. CONCLUSION: Multi‐state modelling of patients with COPD in ETHOS found an acute and chronic effect of severe exacerbations on mortality risk. Risk was also increased after a moderate exacerbation. Clinical management with effective pharmacotherapies should be optimised to avoid even moderate exacerbations. Modelling with exacerbations could be an alternative to current COPD models focused on disease progression. TRIAL REGISTRATION: NCT02465567.
 Dupilumab Does Not Impact Blood Eosinophil Levels in Patients With Moderate-to-Severe COPD and Type 2 Inflammation: from the Phase 3 Boreas Trial;  RATIONALE: In chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), peripheral eosinophilia identifies a subgroup of COPD patients with type 2 inflammation and distinct clinical features, including more frequent exacerbations and worse overall mortality. Dupilumab, a fully human monoclonal antibody, blocks the shared receptor component for IL‐4 and IL‐13, key and central drivers of type 2 inflammation in multiple diseases. In phase 3 BOREAS (NCT03930732), a study investigating the efficacy and safety of dupilumab 300 mg q2w vs placebo in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD with type 2 inflammation (blood eosinophils ≥300 cells/μL), patients who received dupilumab had fewer exacerbations, better lung function, and improved quality of life, compared to those who received placebo. The objective of this analysis from the phase 3 BOREAS trial was to evaluate the effect of dupilumab on circulating eosinophil levels in patients with COPD with type 2 inflammation. METHODS: In phase 3 BOREAS, patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD and type 2 inflammation (blood eosinophils ≥300 cells/μL), on triple therapy (ICS+LABA+LAMA), or LABA/LAMA if ICS was contraindicated, received subcutaneous dupilumab 300mg q2w or placebo for 52 weeks. Eosinophil levels in blood were measured at baseline and Weeks 4, 8, 12, 24, 36, 52, and 64. RESULTS: Of 938 patients, 469 patients received dupilumab and 470 received placebo. At baseline, median (interquartile range [IQR]) blood eosinophil levels were 340 (250 to 460) cells/μL in the dupilumab group (mean [SD] 394 [261]) and 335 (240 to 460) cells/μL in the placebo group (mean [SD] 408 [331]). Median (IQR) change from baseline in blood eosinophil levels at Week 12 was 0 (‐130 to 130) cells/μL in the dupilumab group, and ‐10 (‐120 to 70) cells/μL in the placebo group (Figure). Median (IQR) change from baseline in blood eosinophil levels at Week 52 was ‐30 (‐160 to 70) cells/μL for dupilumab, and ‐30 (‐140 to 50) cells/μL for placebo. Median (IQR) percent change from baseline in blood eosinophil levels at Week 12 was 0.00 (‐33.85 to 50.00) for dupilumab, and ‐5.44 (‐31.71 to 24.00) for placebo. Median (IQR) percent change from baseline in blood eosinophil levels at Week 52 was ‐11.95 (‐42.48 to 26.34) for dupilumab, and ‐9.45 (‐39.01 to 17.55) for placebo. CONCLUSIONS: In patients with COPD and type 2 inflammation, blood eosinophil levels were largely stable overtime in patients treated with dupilumab or placebo.
 Variability in lung function in subjects receiving maintenance therapy;  Rationale: Previous studies have suggested large variability in lung function in subjects with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD). This post‐hoc analysis was designed to examine the variability of lung function in subjects with COPD while receiving maintenance bronchodilator therapy over a six month treatment period and to determine baseline characteristics associated with that variability. Methods: We examined data from GSK‐sponsored study ADC111114, NCT 00784550 which enrolled subjects with COPD (post‐albuterol FEV1 of 40‐80% predicted) and randomized them to treatment with tiotropium 18mcg alone (Tio) via Handihaler® or Tio plus fluticasone/salmeterol combination (250/50 μg) (FSC) via DISKUS® after a 4 week run‐in on Tio. Minimum and maximum values of FEV 1 and FVC starting from the randomization visit were analyzed for each subject over the six months of the study. The difference was used to calculate the variability. Results: 342 subjects were randomized (mean post‐albuterol FEV1 of 56.7%, mean age of 61.2 years, and 47% male). The mean variability in FEV1 in the group who received Tio alone (n=126) was 289mL (95% CI 253, 324) and the FVC mean variability was 443mL (95% CI 392, 494). In the Tio+FSC group (n=134), variability of FEV1 and FVC was 275mL (95%CI 243, 308) and 431mL (95%CI 383, 479). 80% of subjects in the Tio group had ≤ 414mL variability in pre‐dose FEV1 and ≤ 619mL variability in pre‐dose FVC over the 6 month treatment period. In the Tio+FSC group, 80% of subjects had ≤ 380ml variability in FEV1 and ≤ 596ml variability in FVC. Baseline characteristics of the lowest (n=31, mean variability 107mL) and highest quartiles (n=32, mean variability 575mL) of variability in the Tio group showed the highest quartile was slightly more likely to be younger (64 vs. 58, p=0.013), be male (p=0.10), continue to smoke (p=0.16), and have an exacerbation (p=0.07). In a logistic regression model, only age and sex remained statistically significant. Conclusion: Similar to other studies, we found large variations over time in measures of lung function in subjects with COPD despite being on treatment. Variability in lung function may be important marker when evaluating therapies.
 Prospective validation of the minimal important difference estimate of the endurance shuttle walking test;  RATIONALE: The endurance shuttle walking test (ESWT) can be used to evaluate the response to therapy in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) as it shows good responsiveness to interventions (Eaton et al. 2006 ; Brouillard et al. 2008). Pepin et al. in 2011 reported that patients should perceive a 65‐sec change (95% CI: 45 to 85 sec) in the ESWT endurance and proposed an estimate for the minimal important difference (MID). The aim of this study was to prospectively validate this MID estimate. METHODS: 255 patients with COPD (FEV1=55 ± 13% of predicted value) performed 4 ESWTs at four different times during an 8‐week clinical trial: two under stable bronchodilation conditions with tiotropium (each test performed one week apart), one after a single dose and one after 4 weeks of either fluticasone propionate/salmeterol combination (FSC) or placebo. ESWT endurance time and distance were determined at each visit, and changes compared to the previous visit were calculated. Patients were asked to rate their performance using a 7‐point Likert scale after each ESWT, in comparison with their previous ESWT. For MID determination, 2 approaches were used: i) the distribution‐based approach corresponding to half the standard deviation of the changes in ESWT endurance time and distance and ii) the anchor‐based approach corresponding to the slope of the relationship between the patient's rating of change and the change of ESWT performance (if Pearson correlation coefficient > 0.4). RESULTS: Using the distribution‐based approach, the MID estimates were 61 sec and 82m for the ESWT endurance time and distance respectively. The correlation coefficients of the relationship between changes in walking time and distance and perception's rating were 0.48 and 0.45, respectively (Figure 1). The slopes of these relationships, representing the change in walking endurance time and distance necessary to obtain a 1‐point change on the Likert scale were 56 sec (95%CI: 49 to 64) and 70m (95%CI: 60 to 80). CONCLUSIONS: This study adds further support of MID values of 56‐61 sec or 70‐82 m for ESWT endurance time and distance, respectively. These values are in accordance with Pepin et al. (2011) who described MID values of 45‐85 sec or 60‐115m for the ESWT. Relations between the rating of change perception and the ESWT performance changes (Top: endurance distance in meters and bottom: endurance time in seconds) (Figure Presented).
 QVA149 provides superior peak lung function in patients with COPD;  Introduction Peak FEV1 represents an objective endpoint to assess the effectiveness of bronchodilation in the morning when COPD symptoms are worst. Here we present peak FEV1 results from the QVA149 SHINE and ILLUMINATE trials. Methods Both studies randomized patients (pts) ≥40 yrs with moderate‐to‐severe COPD to: QVA149 110/50mg, indacaterol (IND) 150mg, glycopyrronium (GLY) 50mg, placebo (PB; all via the Breezhaler® device) or open‐label tiotropium (TIO), 18mg; via the Handihaler® device) (2:2:2:1:2) in the SHINE study; and QVA149 110/50μg or salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) 50/500μg (via the Accuhaler® device) (1:1) in the ILLUMINATE study. Results The SHINE and ILLUMINATE studies randomized 2144 pts (89.1% completed) and 523 (82.6% completed), respectively. Least squares mean (LSM) difference for peak FEV1 was statistically significant and clinically relevant for QVA149 vs. SFC on Day 1, Wk 12 and 26 (Table). QVA149 showed a statistically significant improvement vs. PB, IND, GLY and TIO for peak FEV1 at Day 1, Wk 12 and 26 (Table). Conclusion Once‐daily QVA149 provided sustained, superior and clinically relevant improvements in peak FEV1 and vs. IND, GLY, TIO, SFC and PB. (Table Presented).
 A 24 week study comparing 'closed' triple therapy delivered as FF/UMEC/VI vs 'open' triple therapy delivered as FF/VI + UMEC in COPD patients;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: Fluticasone Furoate/Umeclidinium/Vilanterol Product Code: GW685698/GSK573719/GW642444 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed INN or Proposed INN: FLUTICASONE FUROATE CAS Number: 397864‐44‐7 Current Sponsor code: GW685698 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 100‐ INN or Proposed INN: Umeclidinium CAS Number: 869113‐09‐7 Current Sponsor code: GSK573719 Other descriptive name: GSK573719A Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 62.5‐ INN or Proposed INN: Vilanterol Trifenatate CAS Number: 503070‐58‐4 Current Sponsor code: GW642444 Other descriptive name: GW642444M Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 25‐ Trade Name: Relvar Ellipta Product Name: Fluticasone Furoate/Vilanterol Product Code: GW685698/GW642444 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed INN or Proposed INN: FLUTICASONE FUROATE CAS Number: 397864‐44‐7 Current Sponsor code: GW685698 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 100‐ INN or Proposed INN: Vilanterol Trifenatate CAS Number: 503070‐58‐4 Other descriptive name: GW642444M Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 25‐ Trade Name: Incruse® Product Name: UMECLIDINIUM BROMIDE Product Code: GSK573719 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed INN or Proposed INN: Umeclidinium CAS Number: 869113‐09‐7 Other descriptive name: GSK573719A Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 62.5‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use CONDITION: in subjects with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) ; MedDRA version: 18.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10010952 Term: COPD System Organ Class: 100000004855 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To compare the effect of FF/UMEC/VI with FF/VI + UMEC on lung function after 24 weeks of treatment Primary end point(s): Change from baseline in trough FEV1 at 24 weeks. Secondary Objective: ‐ To compare the effects of FF/UMEC/VI with FF/VI + UMEC on health related quality of life and dyspnoea after 24 weeks of treatment.; ‐ To compare the effect of FF/UMEC/VI with FF/VI + UMEC on time to first moderate or severe exacerbation during 24 weeks of treatment.; ‐ To compare the PK of FF, UMEC and VI when given as FF/UMEC/VI or FF/VI+UMEC in a subset of subjects.; ‐ To compare the safety profile of FF/UMEC/VI with FF/VI + UMEC over 24 weeks of treatment. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Spirometry will be done at visits 2,3,4 and 5. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): ‐ Proportion of Responders based on the St George Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) Total Score at Week 24 ; ‐ Change from baseline in SGRQ Total Score at Week 24 ; ‐ Proportion of Responders based on Transitional Dyspnoea Index (TDI) focal score at Week 24 ; ‐ TDI focal score at Week 24 ; ‐ Time to first moderate or severe exacerbation ; ‐ Population PK (in a subset of approximately 180 subjects) ; ‐ Incidence of adverse events and adverse events of special interest, ; ‐ ECG measurements ; ‐ Vital signs ; ‐ Haematological and clinical chemistry parameters Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Over 24 weeks ; For PK Subgroup A: At week 12 & Week 24 ; For PK Subgroup B: over 24 hrs starting at Week 12 ; For PK Sub‐study: At Baseline, Week 12 and Week 24 INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Informed Consent: A signed and dated written informed consent prior to study participation. 2. Type of subject: Outpatient. 3. Age: Subjects 40 years of age or older at Screening (V1). 4. Gender: Male or female subjects. Females: A female subject is eligible to participate if she is not pregnant (as confirmed by a negative urine human chorionic gonadotrophin (hCG) test), not lactating, and at least one of the following conditions applies: a. Non‐reproductive potential defined as: ‐ Pre‐menopausal females with one of the following: ‐ Documented tubal ligation ‐ Documented hysteroscopic tubal occlusion procedure with follow‐up confirmation of bilateral tubal occlusion ‐ Hysterectomy ‐ Documented Bilateral Oophorectomy ‐ Postmenopausal defined as 12 months of spontaneous amenorrhea [in questionable cases a blood sample with simultaneous follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) and estradiol levels consistent with men
 Dual bronchodilation with once-daily QVA149 significantly improves lung function versus single bronchodilators and salmeterol/fluticasone;  Rationale: Current guidelines recommend treatment with one or more long‐acting bronchodilators as a treatment option for patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD (GOLD groups B‐D) [GOLD 2011]. QVA149 combines indacaterol (a long‐acting β2‐agonist; LABA) and glycopyrronium (a long‐acting muscarinic antagonist; LAMA) as a fixed‐dose dual bronchodilator for COPD. We evaluated once‐daily QVA149 versus once‐daily indacaterol, glycopyrronium, open‐label tiotropium and placebo (SHINE study), and twice‐daily salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC; ILLUMINATE study) in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD. Methods: ILLUMINATE and SHINE were 26‐week, multicenter, double‐blind, parallel‐group studies in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD. In SHINE, patients were randomized to once‐daily QVA149 110/50 μg, indacaterol 150 μg, glycopyrronium 50 μg, open‐label tiotropium 18 μg and placebo; evaluation of QVA149 versus indacaterol, glycopyrronium, open‐label tiotropium and placebo for trough FEV1 and standardized area under the curve from 0 to 12 hours post‐dose for FEV1 (FEV1 AUC0‐12) were secondary endpoints. In ILLUMINATE, patients with no exacerbations in the previous year received once‐daily QVA149 110/50 μg and twice‐daily SFC 50/500 μg in a double‐dummy design; the primary endpoint was FEV1 AUC0‐12 at Week 26 for QVA149 versus SFC. Results: SHINE and ILLUMINATE randomized 2144 and 523 patients, respectively (89% and 83% completed). In SHINE, trough FEV1 at Week 26 was significantly improved with QVA149 versus placebo, indacaterol, glycopyrronium and tiotropium (all p<0.001; Table). In ILLUMINATE, FEV1 AUC0‐12 was significantly higher with QVA149 versus SFC (treatment difference: 138 mL; p<0.001) at Week 26. These improvements were observed throughout the study (Table). The safety profile of QVA149 was similar to that of SFC, tiotropium and placebo. Conclusions: Once‐daily QVA149 provides significant improvements in lung function versus placebo, indacaterol, glycopyrronium, tiotropium and twice‐daily SFC in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD. These results demonstrate the potential of dual bronchodilation with a fixed‐dose LABA/LAMA combination as a treatment option for patients with COPD, offering superior bronchodilation over LABA/ICS combination and tiotropium monotherapy. (Table Presented).
 Study of efficacy and safety of QVA149 compared to standard of care, a combination of fluticasone/salmeterol, in patients with moderate to severe COPD;  INTERVENTION: Product Code: QVA149 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, hard capsule INN or Proposed INN: indacaterol CAS Number: 753498‐25‐8 Current Sponsor code: QAB149 Other descriptive name: INDACATEROL MALEATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 27.5‐ INN or Proposed INN: glycopyrronium bromide CAS Number: 596‐51‐0 Current Sponsor code: NVA237 Other descriptive name: GLYCOPYRRONIUM BROMIDE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 12.5‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, hard capsule Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Trade Name: ADVAIR DISKUS Product Name: ADVAIR DISKUS Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder INN or Proposed INN: FLUTICASONE CAS Number: 90566‐53‐3 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 250‐ INN or Proposed INN: SALMETEROL CAS Number: 89365‐50‐4 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use CONDITION: Patients with COPD, with moderate to severe airflow limitation and a smoking history of at least 10 pack years. ; MedDRA version: 15.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10010952 Term: COPD System Organ Class: 100000004855 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To demonstrate the superiority of QVA149 as compared to fluticasone/salmeterol in COPD patients with moderate to severe airflow limitation in terms of standardized FEV1 AUC0‐12h at 12 weeks of treatment. Primary end point(s): FEV1 AUC0‐12h Secondary Objective: To evaluate the effect of QVA149 as compared to fluticasone/salmeterol in COPD patients with moderate to severe airflow limitation in terms of:; Lung function:; ‐Trough FEV1 at Day 1 and Week 12 (mean of 23 h 15 min and 23 h 45; min post morning dose); ‐Pre‐dose trough FEV1 at Week 12 (mean of 15 min and 45 min pre; morning dose); ‐Peak FEV1 within 4 hours post dose at Day 1 and Week 12; ‐AUC0‐4h at Day 1 and Week 12; ‐FEV1 and FVC by time point at Day 1 and Week 12; The level of breathlessness experienced by the patients evaluated using Transition Dyspnea Index (TDI) at Week 12; The change in health status, based on total score of the St George’s Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) at Week 12 as compared to baseline; The mean change from baseline in daily number of puffs of rescue medication at Week 12; ; For more Secondary objectives, please refer to the protocol. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Week 12 SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): • Lung function: ; • Trough FEV1 at Day 1 and Week 12 (mean of 23 h 15 min and 23 h 45 min post morning dose) ; • Pre‐dose trough FEV1 at Week 12 (mean of 15 min and 45 min pre morning dose) ; • Peak FEV1 within 4 hours post dose at Day 1 and Week 12 ; • AUC0‐4h at Day 1 and Week 12 ; • FEV1 and FVC bytime point at Day 1 and Week 12 ; • The level of breathlessness experienced by the patients evaluated using Transition Dyspnea Index (TDI) at Week 12 ; • The change in health status, based on total score of the St George’s Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) at Week 12 as compared to baseline ; • The mean change from baseline in daily number of puffs of rescue medication at Week 12 ; • Symptoms reported at Week 12 using the patient electronic diary ; • COPD assessment test (CAT) at Week 12 ; • Safety and tolerability (electrocardiograms (ECGs), laboratory tests, vital signs and ; adverse events including COPD exacerbations and oral candidiasis) over 12 weeks of ; treatment. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: week 12 INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐ Patients who have signed an Informed Consent Form prior to initiation of any study‐related procedure ‐ Male and female adults aged =40 years ‐ Patients with stable COPD according to the current GOLD strategy (GOLD 2011) ‐ Patients with airflow limitation indicated by a post‐bronchodilator FEV1 = 30% and < 80% of the predicted normal, and a post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC < 0.7 at run‐in (Visit 101) ‐ Current or ex‐smokers who have a smoking history of at least 10 pack years (e.g., 10 pack years = 1 pack/day x 10 years, or ½ pack/day x 20 years). An ex‐smoker may be defined as a subject who has not smoked for = 6 months at screening ‐ Patients with an mMRC grade 2 or greater at Visit 101 Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range 288 F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range 266<b
 A 24-week multi-center, double-blind, placebo controlled dose-range finding study to investigate the efficacy and safety of oral QBW251 in COPD patients on triple inhaled therapy (LABA/LAMA/ICS);  INTERVENTION: ‐ Treatment arm 1: QBW251, 300 mg, b.i.d. ‐ Treatment arm 2: QBW251, 150 mg, b.i.d. ‐ Treatment arm 3: QBW251, 75 mg, b.i.d. ‐ Treatment arm 4: QBW251, 25 mg, b.i.d. ‐ Treatment arm 5: Placebo matching QBW251, b.i.d. All patients are receiving standardized background COPD medication consisting of fluticasone furoate, umeclinidium and vilanterol. CONDITION: ; Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease ; COPD 10038716 PRIMARY OUTCOME: The primary objective of this study is to characterize the dose‐response ; relationship of QBW251 administered orally over 12 weeks on lung function, ; compared to placebo, when added to inhaled triple combination therapy ; (LABA/LAMA/ICS). Trough forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) will be ; assessed at Week 12 and evaluated as change from baseline after 12 weeks of ; treatment.; INCLUSION CRITERIA: * Male and female COPD patients aged *40 years, who have signed an Informed Consent Form prior to initiation of any study‐related procedure. * Current or ex‐smokers who have a smoking history of at least 10 pack years. * Patients who have been treated with a triple combination of LABA/LAMA/ICS for the last 3 months prior to screening. * A COPD Assessment Test (CAT) score of at least 10 at Run‐In 1 visit. * Patients with a post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC <0.70 at Run‐In 1 visit. * Patients with airflow limitation indicated by EITHER a post‐bronchodilator FEV1 * 30 % and FEV1 < 50 % of the predicted normal at Run‐in 1, who must have had at least 1 documented moderate or severe healthcare resource utilization (HCRU) exacerbation in the 12 months prior to study entry (screening), OR a post‐bronchodilator FEV1 * 50 % and <80 % of the predicted normal at Run‐In 1, who must have had at least 2 documented moderate or at least 1 SECONDARY OUTCOME: Objective 1: To evaluate symptoms (overall COPD symptoms, cough and sputum) ; across various dose levels of QBW251 administered orally over 24 weeks, ; compared to placebo at Weeks 12 and 24. ; ; Endpoints are ; ‐ Change from baseline in the Evaluating Respiratory Symptoms in COPD (E‐RS) ; weekly mean scores (total and subscale scores). ; ‐ Change from baseline in Patient Global Impression of Severity (PGIS) score. ; ‐ Change from baseline in the Cough and Sputum Assessment Questionnaire ; (CASA‐Q) domain scores ‐ cough symptoms, cough impact, sputum symptoms, and ; sputum impact. ; ; Objective 2: To evaluate health‐related quality of life across various dose ; levels of QBW251 administered orally over 24 weeks, compared to placebo, at ; Weeks 12 and 24. The endpoint assessed is the change from baseline in St. ; George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) total and domain scores at Weeks 12 ; and 24. ; ; Objective 3: To evaluate lung function across various dose levels of QBW251 ; administered orally over 24 weeks, compared to placebo, over 4, 8, 16, 20 and ; 24 weeks. Trough FEV1 change from baseline after 4, 8, 16, 20 and 24 weeks of ; treatment, respectively, will be evaluated. ; ; Objective 4: To evaluate safety and tolerability across various dose levels of ; QBW251, administered orally over 24 weeks, compared to placebo, as assed by ; ECGs, laboratory tests (hematology and clinical chemistry, urinalysis), vital ; signs, and adverse events (AEs) per treatment group. ; ; Objective 5: To assess the pharmacokinetics (PK) of QBW251 in COPD patients ; through measurement of trough concentration and minimum ; concentration (Cmin) on all visits and around maximum concentration (Cmax) on ; Days 1, 15 and 169. The area under the plasma concentration‐time curve (AUC) ; and Cma Xon Days 1 and 15 will be assessed in a sub‐group of patients. ;
 Triple Inhaled Therapy at Two Glucocorticoid Doses in Moderate-to-Very-Severe COPD;  BACKGROUND: Triple fixed‐dose regimens of an inhaled glucocorticoid, a long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA), and a long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA) for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) have been studied at single dose levels of inhaled glucocorticoid, but studies at two dose levels are lacking. METHODS: In a 52‐week, phase 3, randomized trial to evaluate the efficacy and safety of triple therapy at two dose levels of inhaled glucocorticoid in patients with moderate‐to‐very‐severe COPD and at least one exacerbation in the past year, we assigned patients in a 1:1:1:1 ratio to receive twice‐daily inhaled doses of triple therapy (inhaled glucocorticoid [320 μg or 160 μg of budesonide], a LAMA [18 μg of glycopyrrolate], and a LABA [9.6 μg of formoterol]) or one of two dual therapies (18 μg of glycopyrrolate plus 9.6 μg of formoterol or 320 μg of budesonide plus 9.6 μg of formoterol). The primary end point was the annual rate (the estimated mean number per patient per year) of moderate or severe COPD exacerbations, as analyzed in the modified intention‐to‐treat population with the use of on‐treatment data only. RESULTS: The modified intention‐to‐treat population comprised 8509 patients. The annual rates of moderate or severe exacerbations were 1.08 in the 320‐μg‐budesonide triple‐therapy group (2137 patients), 1.07 in the 160‐μg‐budesonide triple‐therapy group (2121 patients), 1.42 in the glycopyrrolate‐formoterol group (2120 patients), and 1.24 in the budesonide‐formoterol group (2131 patients). The rate was significantly lower with 320‐μg‐budesonide triple therapy than with glycopyrrolate‐formoterol (24% lower: rate ratio, 0.76; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.69 to 0.83; P<0.001) or budesonide‐formoterol (13% lower: rate ratio, 0.87; 95% CI, 0.79 to 0.95; P = 0.003). Similarly, the rate was significantly lower with 160‐μg‐budesonide triple therapy than with glycopyrrolate‐formoterol (25% lower: rate ratio, 0.75; 95% CI, 0.69 to 0.83; P<0.001) or budesonide‐formoterol (14% lower: rate ratio, 0.86; 95% CI, 0.79 to 0.95; P = 0.002). The incidence of any adverse event was similar across the treatment groups (range, 61.7 to 64.5%); the incidence of confirmed pneumonia ranged from 3.5 to 4.5% in the groups that included inhaled glucocorticoid use and was 2.3% in the glycopyrrolate‐formoterol group. CONCLUSIONS: Triple therapy with twice‐daily budesonide (at either the 160‐μg or 320��μg dose), glycopyrrolate, and formoterol resulted in a lower rate of moderate or severe COPD exacerbations than glycopyrrolate‐formoterol or budesonide‐formoterol. (Funded by AstraZeneca, ETHOS ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT02465567.).
 Safety and efficacy of NVA237 as an add-on to fixed dose combination LABA/ICS;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: Glycopyrronium bromide Product Code: NVA237 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, hard capsule INN or Proposed INN: GLYCOPYRRONIUM BROMIDE CAS Number: 596‐51‐0 Current Sponsor code: NVA237 Other descriptive name: Glycopyrronium Bromide Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, hard capsule Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) ; MedDRA version: 14.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10010952 Term: COPD System Organ Class: 100000004855 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To demonstrate the superiority of inhaled NVA237 (50 µg od via SDDPI) compared with placebo when added on to a fixed‐dose combination of salmeterol/fluticasone propionate (50/500 µg bid via MDDPI), in terms of trough FEV1 after 12 weeks of treatment in the study population.; Trough FEV1 is defined as the mean of the FEV1 measurements taken at 23 hours 15 minutes and 23 hours 45 minutes after the previous morning dose. Primary end point(s): Trough FEV1 Secondary Objective: To evaluate the superiority of inhaled NVA237 (50 µg od via SDDPI) compared with placebo, when added on to a fixed‐dose combination of salmeterol/fluticasone propionate (50/500 µg bid via MDDPI), in terms of change in total score of St George’s Respiratory Questionnaire for COPD patients (SGRQ‐C), after 26 weeks of treatment in the study population.; ; Other secondary objectives :; To evaluate the effect of inhaled NVA237 (50 µg od via SDDPI) versus placebo added on to fixed‐dose combination of salmeterol/fluticasone propionate (50/500 µg bid via MDDPI) in terms of:; • Trough FEV1 at Week 4 and 26; • Total score of the Transition Dyspnea Index (TDI) at Weeks 12 and 26; • Assessment of safety and tolerability Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Timeframe: after 12 weeks of treatment SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): 1. Change in total score of St George’s Respiratory Questionnaire for COPD patients (SGRQ‐C). ; 2. Trough FEV1 ; 3. Total score of the Transition Dyspnea Index (TDI) ; 4. Assessment of safety and tolerability ; ; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 1. Timeframe: 26 weeks ; 2. Timeframe: week 4 , week 26 ; 3. Timeframe: week 12 and week 26 ; 4. Timeframe: 26 weeks ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: • Current or ex‐smokers who have a smoking history of at least 10 pack years (e.g., 10 pack years = 1 pack/day × 10 years, ½ pack/day × 20 years, etc.). • COPD patients with moderate to severe airflow limitation (Spirometry classification: GOLD 2 or 3) at Visit 2: ‐ Post‐bronchodilator FEV1 =30% and <60% of the predicted normal, and, ‐ Post‐bronchodilator FEV1/forced vital capacity (FVC) <0.70 • Patients on maintenance treatment with fixed‐dose combination of inhaled salmeterol and fluticasone propionate (50/500 µg) b.i.d. delivered via a proprietary MDDPI device for at least 30 days prior to screening visit (Visit 1). • Patients in category Gold B or D with a CAT total score =10 at screening (Visit 1) and before randomization (Visit 3). • Patients with a history of at least 1 moderate or severe COPD exacerbation within the previous year. Other protocol‐defined inclusion criteria may apply Are the trial subjects under 18?
 Utility of inhaled triple therapy to improve expiratory flow limitation in severe COPD exacerbations;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: TRIMBOW 87 micrograms/5 micrograms/9 micrograms Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation solution INN or Proposed INN: FORMOTEROL CAS Number: 73573‐87‐2 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 20‐ INN or Proposed INN: BECLOMETASONE DIPROPIONATE CAS Number: 5534‐09‐8 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 348‐ INN or Proposed INN: Glycopyrronium bromide CAS Number: 596‐51‐0 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 36‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation vapour, solution Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use CONDITION: Severe exacerbation of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) ; MedDRA version: 21.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10010953 Term: COPD exacerbation System Organ Class: 100000004855 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: The main objective of this study is to compare the usual treatment for severe exacerbations vs inhaled extrafine triple therapy with formoterol, glycopyrronium, and beclomethasone in a single device (TRIMBOW) in addition to the usual treatment, during the first three days of hospitalization in patients previously treated with LABA + LAMA, LABA + ICs, or LABA + LAMA + ICs.; The primary endpoint is changes in expiratory flow limitation evaluated with the difference between inspiratory and expiratory reactance measured by impulse oscillometry, between the first and the third day of hospitalization, before the first daily administration of SABA and SAMA (with or without triple therapy according to randomization) Primary end point(s): The primary endpoint is a change in expiratory flow limitation, before first morning treatment with bronchodilators, and a minimal washout period of 12 hours without long‐acting bronchodilators, between the first and third days after randomisation. Expiratory flow limitation will be measured with an impulse oscillometer device (Resmon Pro Full) and calculated as the difference between inspiratory reactance (Xrsinsp) and expiratory reactance (Xrsexp) (?Xrs =Xrsinsp ‐ Xrsexp). Secondary Objective: 1. Changes in expiratory flow limitation, between the first and the third day of hospitalization, 30 minutes after the first daily administration of SABA and SAMA (with or without triple therapy according to randomization).; 2. Changes in dyspnea measured with the validated Spanish version of the Dyspnea‐12 questionnaire and a 10 cm. visual analogue dyspnea scale, before the first daily administration of bronchodilators, between the first and the third day of hospitalization. ; 3. Length of hospital stay.; 4. Required rescue doses of SABA and SAMA. ; 5. Readmissions 1 month after hospital discharge. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 1 year SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): 1. Changes in expiratory flow limitation between the first and third days of hospitalizations measured 30 minutes after the first daily administration of bronchodilators. ; 2. Changes in dyspnea questionnaires completed by patient before first morning bronchodilator treatment between the first and third days after randomisation. ; 3. Days of hospitalization number of short‐acting bronchodilator rescue doses. ; 4. Readmissions 1 month after hospital discharge. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 1 year INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Patients 40 years and older. 2. Accepting participation in the study and signing informed consent. 3. Previous diagnosis of COPD confirmed by spirometry. 4. Currently requiring hospitalization for COPD exacerbation. 5. Domiciliary treatment in stable phase with triple therapy (LABA + LAMA + ICs), combined bronchodilation (LABA + LAMA) or (LABA + ICs) at least two months before current exacerbation. Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range 20 F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range 60
 Molecular signatures associated with response to ICS treatment in patients with COPD stratified by eosinophil levels;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: BUDESONIDE, Product Code:SUB05955MIG, Pharmaceutical Form: INHALATION POWDER, Other descriptive name: , Strength: CONDITION: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) ; MedDRA version: 21.1Level: LLTClassification code: 10010952Term: COPD Class: 10038738 MedDRA version: 21.1Level: LLTClassification code: 10010952Term: COPD Class: 10038738 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To determine the molecular changes associated with the use of ICS in COPD patients with different blood eosinophil counts. Primary end point(s): Significant molecular changes (p<0.05, and/or FDR<0.05) (e.g. microbiome and/or transcriptome and/or proteins and/or epigenetics) in sputum, nasal and oropharyngeal swabs, urine and/or blood associated with ICS treatment vs. no ICS treatment (usual care), in COPD stratified by their blood eosinophil counts. The changes will be calculated as variations from Visit 2 to Visit 3 (8 weeks). Secondary Objective: To determine the molecular changes associated with the use of ICS in COPD patients with different airflow limitation severity (FEV1 % ref.)., To compare the identified molecular changes with available data obtained during an exacerbation event in previous studies. This will be done by calculating the percentage of enrichment and/or overlap with molecular data obtained in this study, with that from previous studies on exacerbation episodes., To compare the identified molecular changes with available data from stable COPD patients of previous longitudinal studies. This will be done by calculating the percentage of enrichment and/or overlap of the obtained data, with the data from previous studies, which have information on outcomes of interest such as subsequent number of exacerbations and lung function decline., To compare the data obtained in the 3TR‐ICS COPD with the other 3TR consortium diseases (e.g. transcriptome and/or proteins and/or epigenome, etc.)., To determine changes in FEV1 associated with the use of ICS in COPD patients. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s):Significant molecular changes (p<0.05, and/or FDR<0.05) (e.g. microbiome and/or transcriptome and/or proteins and/or epigenetics) in sputum, nasal and oropharyngeal swabs, urine and/or blood associated with ICS treatment vs. no ICS treatment (usual care), in COPD with different airflow limitation severities. The molecular changes will be calculated as variations from Visit 2 to Visit 3. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Male and female patients =40 years of age., = 10 pack‐years smoking., Former smokers (=6 months)., post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC<0.70., FEV1 =30 <80% ref. (i.e. mild‐moderated COPD patients)., Signed written informed consent form., On regular treatment with dual long‐acting bronchodilators (LABA+LAMA), minimum 8 weeks of usage., Women of child‐bearing potential must have a negative pregnancy test in serum or urine before the inclusion in the study and agree to use highly effective contraceptive methods during the study. Highly effective contraceptive methods will include: intrauterine device, bilateral tubal occlusion, vasectomized partner and sexual abstinence., Hormonal contraceptive methods will be avoided due to the risk of adverse events and impairment of liver function.
 Pharmacokinetics and Tolerability of Budesonide/Glycopyrronium/Formoterol Fumarate Dihydrate and Glycopyrronium/Formoterol Fumarate Dihydrate Metered Dose Inhalers in Healthy Chinese Adults: a Randomized, Double-blind, Parallel-group Study;  Purpose: The objective of this study was to assess pharmacokinetic (PK) and safety profiles of 2 fixed‐dose combinations in development for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD): budesonide/glycopyrronium/formoterol fumarate dihydrate metered‐dose inhaler (BGF MDI; triple combination) and glycopyrronium/formoterol fumarate dihydrate (GFF MDI; dual combination). The PK and safety profiles of BGF MDI and GFF MDI were assessed for the first time in healthy Chinese adults after single and repeated (7‐day) dosing. Methods: This Phase I, randomized, double‐blind, parallel‐group study was conducted at a single site in Shanghai, China. Male or female Chinese subjects, 18–45 years of age and in good general health, were randomized 1:1:1 to receive BGF MDI 320/14.4/10 μg, BGF MDI 160/14.4/10 μg, or GFF MDI 14.4/10 μg. PK parameters were assessed after a single dose (day 1) and at steady state (day 8), and included AUC0–12, Cmax, and Tmax. Tolerability was assessed using physical examination findings, adverse events reporting, 12‐lead ECG, vital signs, and clinical laboratory values. Findings: Ninety‐six subjects (mean age, 25.6 years; 83.3% male) were randomized and received treatment. All randomized subjects were included in the safety and PK populations. After single and repeated dosing, budesonide AUC0–12 and Cmax were increased dose proportionally from BGF MDI 160/14.4/10 μg to BGF MDI 320/14.4/10 μg, respectively (single dose: AUC0–12, 811.8 vs 1748 h · pg/mL; Cmax, 224.3 vs 459.3 pg/mL; repeated dosing: AUC0–12, 1250 vs 2510 h · pg/mL; Cmax, 315.4 vs 626.4 pg/mL). After single and repeated dosing, glycopyrronium AUC0–12 and Cmax were similar across all treatments (single dose: AUC0–12, 27.20–29.40 h · pg/mL; Cmax, 4.884–5.674 pg/mL; repeated dosing: AUC0–12, 69.49–77.08 h · pg/mL; Cmax, 11.30–13.12 pg/mL) and formoterol (single dose: AUC0–12, 46.49–53.58 h · pg/mL; Cmax 9.651–10.62 pg/mL; repeated dosing: AUC0–12, 81.94–85.32 h · pg/mL; Cmax, 16.13–17.71 pg/mL), suggesting that the addition of budesonide did not appreciably alter the PK properties of GFF MDI. All treatment‐emergent adverse events were mild in severity and rates were similar across groups (range, 50.0%–56.3%). There were no new or unexpected findings on tolerability. Implications: Overall, all treatments were well tolerated and PK parameters were generally comparable to those previously reported in Western and Japanese healthy subjects, suggesting that the doses of BGF MDI and GFF MDI in development globally for COPD are also appropriate for Chinese patients with COPD. ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT03075267.
 Dual bronchodilation with QVA149 reduces COPD exacerbations: results from the ignite program;  Background and Aim of Study Combinations of long‐acting bronchodilators maximize bronchodilation and may reduce the risk of exacerbations. QVA149 is a novel dual bronchodilator containing a fixed‐dose combination of the long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA) indacaterol and long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) glycopyrronium (NVA237) for the maintenance treatment of COPD. We report the annualized rates of all COPD exacerbations with QVA149 versus the once‐daily LAMAs glycopyrronium and tiotropium (SPARK study) and twice‐daily LABA/ICS salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC; ILLUMINATE study). Methods SPARK and ILLUMINATE were multicenter, double‐blind, randomized studies with treatment durations of 64 and 26 weeks, respectively. Patients (aged ≥ 40 yrs) with severe‐to‐very‐severe COPD and a history of exacerbations were randomized to once‐daily QVA149 (110/50 μg), glycopyrronium (50 μg), or open‐label tiotropium 18 μg (1 : 1 : 1) in the SPARK study. Patients (aged ≥ 40 yrs) with moderate‐to‐severe COPD and no history of exacerbations were randomized to QVA149 110/50 μg or salmeterol/ fluticasone 50/500 μg (1 : 1) in the ILLUMINATE study. Results SPARK and ILLUMINATE randomized 2224 (75% completed) and 523 (83% completed) patients, respectively. In the SPARK study, QVA149 significantly reduced the rate of all exacerbations (mild, moderate and severe) by 15% versus glycopyrronium (Rate Ratio [RR] 0.85; 95% CI 0.77‐0.94; p = 0.001) and 14% versus tiotropium (RR 0.86; 95% CI 0.78‐0.94; p = 0.002). In the ILLUMINATE study, the rate ratio of QVA149 versus SFC for all COPD exacerbations was 0.69 (95% CI 0.44‐1.07; P = 0.098). For time to first exacerbation, QVA149 reduced the risk by 35% versus SFC (Hazard Ratio 0.65; 95% CI 0.44‐0.96; p = 0.03). Conclusions QVA149 significantly reduced the rate of exacerbations compared with glycopyrronium and tiotropium, and delayed the time to first exacerbation compared with salmeterol/fluticasone. This suggests the potential of QVA149 for reducing exacerbations compared to current standard of care (LAMA or LABA/ICS), irrespective of patients having a history of exacerbations or not in the previous year.
 Once-daily QVA149 provides consistently superior peak FEV1 in COPD patients;  Rationale QVA149 is a novel inhaled once‐daily fixed‐dose combination of the long‐acting 2‐agonist (LABA) indacaterol and the long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) glycopyrronium, in development for the maintenance treatment of COPD. Efficacy of bronchodilators during daytime hours, and particularly in the first 4 hours after dosing (peak FEV1) is important when selecting a maintenance bronchodilator for patients with COPD, as this is the period during the day which patients are most active and need to perform their usual daytime activities.1 Here we present the results of the peak FEV1 on Day 1, Week 12 and Week 26 from the SHINE and ILLUMINATE trials. Methods Both were 26‐week, multicenter, double‐blind, parallel‐group, studies which randomized male or female patients 40 years of age with moderate‐to‐severe COPD and smoking history 10 pack‐years to receive; once‐daily QVA149 (110/50g), indacaterol (150g), glycopyrronium (50g), placebo (all delivered via the Breezhaler® device) or tiotropium (18g; delivered via the Handihaler® device) (2:2:2:1:2) in the SHINE study; and QVA149 110/50μg or salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) 50/500μg (via the Accuhal®e rdevice) (1:1) in the ILLUMINATE study. Results In the SHINE study, 2144 patients were randomized (QVA149 [n=475]; indacaterol [n=477]; glycopyrronium [n=475]; tiotropium [n=483]; placebo [n=234]), 89.1% completed the study. 75.4% were male; mean age: 63.9 years; mean post‐bronchodilator FEV1: 55.2 % predicted. In the ILLUMINATE study, 523 patients were randomized (QVA149 [n=259]; SFC [n=264]), 82.6% completed the study. 70.9% were male; mean age: 63.3 years; mean post‐bronchodilator FEV1: 60.2 % predicted. The LSM treatment difference for peak FEV1 was statistically significant and clinically relevant for QVA149 compared with SFC on Day 1, Week 12 and Week 26 (Table). The peak FEV1 on Day 1 was statistically significantly greater in the QVA149 treatment group versus placebo and at Week 26, patients on QVA149 demonstrated an even greater improvement in peak FEV1 compared to placebo (LS mean difference 330mL). In addition, QVA149 demonstrated a statistically significant response compared to indacaterol, glycopyrronium and tiotropium for peak FEV1 at Day 1 and Week 26 (Table). Conclusion QVA149 once daily provided superior peak bronchodilation on Day 1, Week 12, and 26 compared to indacaterol, glycopyrronium, tiotropium, SFC, and placebo and showed clinically meaningful improvements in lung function for a sustained period of 26 weeks. (Table Presented).
 Once-daily dual bronchodilation with QVA149 reduces COPD exacerbations: results from the ignite program;  PURPOSE: Combined use of long‐acting bronchodilators with different mechanism of action optimizes bronchodilation and may reduce the risk of exacerbations. QVA149 is a novel dual bronchodilator containing a fixed‐dose combination of the long‐acting β ‐agonist (LABA) indacaterol and long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) glycopyrronium (NVA237) for the maintenance treatment of COPD. Here, we report findings from the SPARK and ILLUMINATE studies of the IGNITE program, with a focus on the rate and prevention of exacerbations. METHODS: Both SPARK and ILLUMINATE were multicenter, double‐blind, randomized studies with treatment durations of 64 and 26 weeks, respectively. Patients (aged ≥40years) with severe‐to‐very severe COPD and a history of exacerbations were randomized to once‐daily QVA149 (110/50μg), glycopyrronium (50μg), or open‐label tiotropium 18μg (1:1:1) in the SPARK study. In the ILLUMINATE study, patients (aged ≥40years) with moderate‐to‐severe COPD with no history of exacerbations were randomized to once‐daily QVA149 110/50μg or twice‐daily salmeterol/fluticasone combination (SFC) 50/500μg (1:1). RESULTS: SPARK and ILLUMINATE randomized 2224 (75% completed) and 523 (83% completed) patients, respectively. In the SPARK study, QVA149 significantly reduced the rate of all (mild, moderate and severe) exacerbations by 15% versus glycopyrronium (Rate Ratio [RR] 0.85; 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.77‐0.94; p=0.001) and 14% versus tiotropium (RR 0.86; 95% CI 0.78‐0.94; p=0.002). In the ILLUMINATE study, QVA149 reduced the rate of all exacerbations by 31% versus SFC (RR 0.69; 95% CI 0.44‐1.07; p=0.098). Furthermore, QVA149 reduced the risk of time to first exacerbation by 35% versus SFC (hazard ratio 0.65; 95% CI 0.44‐0.96; p=0.03) in the ILLUMINATE study. CONCLUSIONS: QVA149 reduced the rate of exacerbations compared with glycopyrronium and tiotropium, and delayed the time to first exacerbation compared with salmeterol/fluticasone combination.
 Once-daily dual bronchodilation with QVA149 reduces COPD exacerbations: results from the ignite program;  PURPOSE: Combined use of long‐acting bronchodilators with different mechanism of action optimizes bronchodilation and may reduce the risk of exacerbations. QVA149 is a novel dual bronchodilator containing a fixed‐dose combination of the long‐acting β ‐agonist (LABA) indacaterol and long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) glycopyrronium (NVA237) for the maintenance treatment of COPD. Here, we report findings from the SPARK and ILLUMINATE studies of the IGNITE program, with a focus on the rate and prevention of exacerbations. METHODS: Both SPARK and ILLUMINATE were multicenter, double‐blind, randomized studies with treatment durations of 64 and 26 weeks, respectively. Patients (aged ≥40years) with severe‐to‐very severe COPD and a history of exacerbations were randomized to once‐daily QVA149 (110/50μg), glycopyrronium (50μg), or open‐label tiotropium 18μg (1:1:1) in the SPARK study. In the ILLUMINATE study, patients (aged ≥40years) with moderate‐to‐severe COPD with no history of exacerbations were randomized to once‐daily QVA149 110/50μg or twice‐daily salmeterol/fluticasone combination (SFC) 50/500μg (1:1). RESULTS: SPARK and ILLUMINATE randomized 2224 (75% completed) and 523 (83% completed) patients, respectively. In the SPARK study, QVA149 significantly reduced the rate of all (mild, moderate and severe) exacerbations by 15% versus glycopyrronium (Rate Ratio [RR] 0.85; 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.77‐0.94; p=0.001) and 14% versus tiotropium (RR 0.86; 95% CI 0.78‐0.94; p=0.002). In the ILLUMINATE study, QVA149 reduced the rate of all exacerbations by 31% versus SFC (RR 0.69; 95% CI 0.44‐1.07; p=0.098). Furthermore, QVA149 reduced the risk of time to first exacerbation by 35% versus SFC (hazard ratio 0.65; 95% CI 0.44‐0.96; p=0.03) in the ILLUMINATE study. CONCLUSIONS: QVA149 reduced the rate of exacerbations compared with glycopyrronium and tiotropium, and delayed the time to first exacerbation compared with salmeterol/fluticasone combination.
 Comparison of COPD exacerbations with once-daily QVA149 versus twice-daily salmeterol/fluticasone combination: the ILLUMINATE study;  Introduction Exacerbations are the most frequent cause of hospitalisation and death among patients with COPD. Combinations of long‐acting bronchodilators maximise bronchodilation and may reduce the risk of exacerbations. QVA149, a once‐daily dual bronchodilator containing the long‐acting β2 agonist (LABA) indacaterol and long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) glycopyrronium, improves lung function, breathlessness and rescue medication use compared with twice‐daily salmeterol/fluticasone combination (SFC), in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD.1 Methods In this 26‐week, multicenter, double‐blind study, patients ≥ 40 years with COPD (forced expiratory volume in 1 second [FEV1] ≥40% to <80% predicted and no history of exacerbations in the previous year) were randomised (1:1) to QVA149 110/50 μg or SFC 50/500 μg. In this post hoc analysis, we report the rate of mild, moderate or severe COPD exacerbations during 26 weeks of treatment with QVA149 or SFC. Results Of 522 patients randomised [QVA149 (n = 258), SFC (n = 264); mean age: 63.3 years; mean post‐bronchodilator FEV1: 60.2% predicted], 82.6% completed. Rate ratio of QVA149 versus SFC [RR] of moderate or severe exacerbations was 0.80 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.41‐1.56) and for all COPD exacerbations (mild, moderate, and severe), RR was 0.69 (95% CI: 0.44‐1.07) (neither statistically significant). Conclusion Risk of exacerbations with once‐daily QVA149 was numerically, but not statistically significantly, lower than twice‐daily SFC in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD and no previous history of exacerbations. The LABA/LAMA combination QVA149 has the potential to be an alternative to LABA/ICS in preventing COPD exacerbations.
 Randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, cross-over single dose study of the bronchodilator duration of action of combination fluticasone furoate/vilanterol inhaler in adult asthma;  BACKGROUND: Fluticasone furoate (FF)/vilanterol (VI) is a once‐daily maintenance treatment for asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. The duration of bronchodilation beyond 24 h has not been determined previously. METHODS: Adults aged 18‐65 (n = 32), with asthma and reversibility to salbutamol (≥15% and ≥200 mL increase in forced expiratory volume in 1 s [FEV1]) participated in a double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, crossover study. Patients were admitted to a clinical trials unit for 72 h, and inhaled, in random order, placebo or FF/VI 100/25 mcg via ELLIPTA dry powder inhaler on two occasions 7‐14 days apart. FEV1 was measured at baseline, 15 and 30 min, 1, 2, 4, 12, 24, 36, 48, 60, and 72 h. The differences in change in FEV1 from baseline between treatments and corresponding two‐sided 95% confidence intervals (CI) were calculated at each time point. FINDINGS: FF/VI produced a rapid onset of bronchodilation (adjusted mean difference in change from baseline in FEV1 versus placebo at 15 min, 252 mL [95% CI 182‐322]). Maximum bronchodilation was observed at 12 h (adjusted mean difference in the change from baseline in FEV1, 383 mL [95% CI 285‐481]). Bronchodilation was maintained throughout the 72‐h assessment period (adjusted mean difference in the change in FEV1 from baseline at 72 h, 108 mL (95% CI 15‐200]). FF/VI was well tolerated and no serious side effects were reported. INTERPRETATION: A single dose of FF/VI 100/25 mcg showed evidence of a 72‐h bronchodilator duration of action in adults with asthma.
 Cardio-and cerebrovascular safety of QVA149 in patients with moderate to severe COPD: a pooled analysis;  Aim: QVA149 is an approved once‐daily dual bronchodilator combining indacaterol (IND) and glycopyrronium (GLY), for maintenance treatment of COPD. As patients (pts) with COPD often suffer cardio‐ and cerebrovascular (CCV) co‐morbidities, we herein report the CCV safety of QVA149 in comparison with IND, GLY, tiotropium (TIO), salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) and placebo (PBO) based on the IGNITE registration program. Methods: Data was pooled from the QVA149 safety database consisting of phase III pivotal clinical studies (ARISE, SHINE, SPARK, ENLIGHTEN and ILLUMINATE) with a duration of ≥6 months. Pts in this database are representative of a general COPD population as in other clinical trials of IND, GLY and other LAMAs. All CCV adverse events (AEs) as well as adjudicated CCV serious AEs (major adverse cardiac events [MACE] and Non‐MACE) were analysed. Results: 5359 patients were included in the safety evaluation. Compared with PBO and active comparators, QVA149 showed similar frequencies of CCV events in pts with COPD (table). QVA149 also showed consistently lower or similar frequencies of respiratory infections and other respiratory AEs compared to PBO and active comparators. Conclusion: Overall CCV safety profile of QVA149 is similar to its monocomponents and other standard COPD treatments, providing reassurance for safe use as a regular long‐term treatment in pts with moderate to very severe COPD. (Table Presented).
 Efficacy of tiotropium/olodaterol on lung volume, exercise capacity, and physical activity;  Purpose: This study evaluated the efficacy of tiotropium/olodaterol vs tiotropium on lung function, exercise capacity, and physical activity in patients with COPD. Patients and methods: A total of 184 patients aged ≥40 years with COPD (Global Initiative for Chronic Obstructive Lung Disease stage II‐IV) received tiotropium/olodaterol for 6 weeks, then tiotropium for 6 weeks, or vice versa. The primary endpoint was inspiratory capacity (IC) at peak post‐dose. Results: Adjusted mean IC after 6‐week treatment was 1.990 L with tiotropium/olodaterol vs 1.875 L with tiotropium (difference: 115 mL; 95% CI: 77, 153; p<0.0001). Forced expiratory volume in 1 s (difference: 105 mL; 95% CI: 88, 123), forced vital capacity (difference: 163 mL; 95% CI: 130, 197), and slow vital capacity (difference: 134 mL; 95% CI: 91, 176) improved with tiotropium/olodaterol (all p<0.0001). Adjusted mean 6‐min walk distance was similar between treatments in the overall population but was significantly increased with tiotropium/olodaterol in the subgroup with Global Initiative for Chronic Obstructive Lung Disease stage III/IV at baseline (difference: 18.1 m; 95% CI: 2.3, 33.9; p=0.0254). In a post hoc analysis, tiotropium/olodaterol improved the values for ≥2.0 metabolic equivalents (difference: 5.0 min; 95% CI: 0.4, 9.7; p=0.0337). Conclusion: Tiotropium/olodaterol significantly improved IC compared with tiotropium and potentially enhanced the exercise capacity in COPD patients. A slight improvement in physical activity of relatively more than moderate intensity was also seen with tiotropium/olodaterol.
 Once-daily QVA149 provides clinically meaningful improvements in lung function and clinical outcomes;  Introduction QVA149 is a once‐daily dual bronchodilator containing a fixed‐dose combination of the long‐acting b2‐agonist indacaterol (IND) and the long‐acting muscarinic antagonist glycopyrronium (GLY) in development for the treatment of COPD. Here we present the pooled analysis from the SHINE, ILLUMINATE and SPARK studies of QVA149. Methods The SHINE study randomized 2144 patients (pts) to QVA149 110/50μg, IND 150μg, GLY 50μg, open‐label tiotropium (TIO) 18μg or placebo (PB) for 26wks. The SPARK study randomized 2224 pts for 64wks to QVA149, GLY 50μg and TIO 18μg. In ILLUMINATE, 523 pts received QVA149 or twice‐daily salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) 50/500mg for 26wks. SHINE and ILLUMINATE evaluated lung function, Transition Dyspnea Index (TDI), St George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) and rescue medication use. The SPARK study assessed annualized exacerbation rates, lung function, SGRQ and rescue medication use. Results QVA149 provided superior bronchodilation vs. all comparators with a rapid onset of action; improvements were sustained throughout the treatment periods. Significant treatment differences were observed for TDI focal score with QVA149 vs. PB (treatment difference=1.09; p<0.001), TIO (0.51; p=0.007) and SFC (0.76; p=0.003). SGRQ scores were significantly improved with QVA149 vs. PB, GLY and TIO. Pts in the QVA149 group used significantly less rescue medication vs. all comparators. Conclusion Once‐daily QVA149 provides significantly superior, rapid and sustained bronchodilation vs. PB, IND, GLY, TIO and SFC, and significant symptomatic improvements in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD.
 QVA149 significantly improves lung function and symptoms compared to twice-daily fluticasone/ salmeterol in COPD patients: the illuminate study;  Background QVA149 is a novel dual bronchodilator combination of the LABA indacaterol and the LAMA NVA237 (glycopyrronium), in development for the treatment of COPD. QVA149 once daily (OD) vs salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) twice daily (BID) was evaluated in moderate‐to‐severe COPD patients with no history of exacerbations in the previous year. Methods In a double‐blind, double‐dummy, parallel‐group study, 523 patients (QVA = 258, SFC = 264) were randomized to receive QVA149 110/50 μg OD (via the Breezhaler device®) or SFC 500/50 μg BID (via the Accuhaler device®) for 26 weeks. Results Mean age was 63 years; mean post‐bronchodilator FEV1 60% predicted. Mean FEV1 AUC0‐12 h at day 1 and weeks 12 and 26 (primary endpoint) was significantly higher with QVA149 vs SFC (p < 0.001 for all comparisons). Serial spirometry showed significantly higher and clinically meaningful improvements in FEV1 with QVA149 vs SFC at all time points from 5 min to 12 h at day 1 and weeks 12 and 26 (p < 0.001). QVA149 significantly improved the Transition Dyspnoea Index score vs SFC (treatment mean: 2.16 vs 1.41, respectively; p = 0.003), reduced rescue medication use (‐0.39 puffs/ day; p = 0.019) and improved other lung function measures over 26 weeks. The safety profile of QVA149 was similar to that of SFC. Conclusion QVA149 OD provided significant, sustained and clinically meaningful improvements in lung function vs SFC BID over 26 weeks, with signifi‐ cant symptomatic benefits.
 Comparison of COPD exacerbations with once-daily QVA149 versus twice-daily salmeterol/fluticasone combination: the illuminate study;  PURPOSE: Exacerbations are the most frequent cause of hospitalization and death among patients with COPD. Combinations of long‐acting bronchodilators maximize bronchodilation and may reduce the risk of exacerbations. QVA149, a once‐daily dual bronchodilator containing the long‐acting β ‐agonist (LABA) indacaterol and long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) glycopyrronium, improves lung function, breathlessness and rescue medication use compared with twicedaily salmeterol/fluticasone combination (SFC), in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD. METHODS: In this 26‐week, multicenter, double‐blind study, patients ≥ 40 years with COPD (forced expiratory volume in 1 second [FEV ] ≥40% to <80% predicted and no history of exacerbations in the previous year) were randomized (1:1) to QVA149 110/50 μg or SFC 50/500 μg. In this post hoc analysis, we report the rate of mild, moderate or severe COPD exacerbations during 26 weeks of treatment with QVA149 or SFC. RESULTS: Of 522 patients randomized [QVA149 (n=258), SFC (n=264); mean age: 63.3 years; mean post‐bronchodilator FEV : 60.2 % predicted], 82.6% completed. Rate ratio of QVA149 versus SFC [RR] of moderate or severe exacerbations was 0.80 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.41‐1.56) and for all COPD exacerbations (mild, moderate, and severe), RR was 0.69 (95% CI: 0.44‐1.07) (neither statistically significant). CONCLUSIONS: The results demonstrate that the risk of exacerbations with once‐daily QVA149 was numerically, but not statistically significantly, lower than twice‐daily SFC in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD and no previous history of exacerbations.
 Comparison of COPD exacerbations with once-daily QVA149 versus twice-daily salmeterol/fluticasone combination: the illuminate study;  PURPOSE: Exacerbations are the most frequent cause of hospitalization and death among patients with COPD. Combinations of long‐acting bronchodilators maximize bronchodilation and may reduce the risk of exacerbations. QVA149, a once‐daily dual bronchodilator containing the long‐acting β ‐agonist (LABA) indacaterol and long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) glycopyrronium, improves lung function, breathlessness and rescue medication use compared with twicedaily salmeterol/fluticasone combination (SFC), in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD. METHODS: In this 26‐week, multicenter, double‐blind study, patients ≥ 40 years with COPD (forced expiratory volume in 1 second [FEV ] ≥40% to <80% predicted and no history of exacerbations in the previous year) were randomized (1:1) to QVA149 110/50 μg or SFC 50/500 μg. In this post hoc analysis, we report the rate of mild, moderate or severe COPD exacerbations during 26 weeks of treatment with QVA149 or SFC. RESULTS: Of 522 patients randomized [QVA149 (n=258), SFC (n=264); mean age: 63.3 years; mean post‐bronchodilator FEV : 60.2 % predicted], 82.6% completed. Rate ratio of QVA149 versus SFC [RR] of moderate or severe exacerbations was 0.80 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.41‐1.56) and for all COPD exacerbations (mild, moderate, and severe), RR was 0.69 (95% CI: 0.44‐1.07) (neither statistically significant). CONCLUSIONS: The results demonstrate that the risk of exacerbations with once‐daily QVA149 was numerically, but not statistically significantly, lower than twice‐daily SFC in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD and no previous history of exacerbations.
 QVA149 provides a rapid onset of action which is sustained throughout treatment in patients with COPD;  Introduction Rapid onset of bronchodilator action is important in patients with COPD due to the troublesome morning symptoms and their impact on normal activities. The non‐adherence to COPD medication regimens can be attenuated by rapid onset of action and decreased frequency to once‐daily dosing. Here we present the results of FEV1 data at 5 and 30 min post‐dose on Day 1 and Wk 26 for the SHINE and ILLUMINATE studies. Methods Both 26wk multicenter, double‐blind studies randomized patients (pts) ≥40 yrs with moderate‐to‐severe COPD to QVA149 (110/50mg), IND (150mg), GLY (50mg), placebo (all via the Breezhaler® device) or tiotropium (TIO, 18mg; via the Handihaler® device) (2:2:2:1:2); and QVA149 (110/50μg) or salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC, 50/500μg; via the Accuhaler® device) (1:1) in the SHINE and ILLUMINATE studies, respectively. Results SHINE: 2144 pts randomized; 89.1% completed; mean post‐bronchodilator FEV1: 55.2% predicted. ILLUMINATE: 523 pts randomized; 82.6% completed; mean post‐bronchodilator FEV1: 60.2% predicted. QVA149 significantly increased the FEV1 at 5 and 30 min on Day 1 and Wk 26 (Table). Conclusions Once‐daily QVA149 provided a rapid onset of action and sustained bronchodilation from Day 1 which was significant and maintained for over 26wks compared with IND, GLY, TIO and SFC. (Table Presented).
 Once-daily QVA149 provides clinically meaningful improvements in lung function and clinical outcomes versus placebo, indacaterol, glycopyrronium, tiotropium and salmeterol/fluticasone in patients with COPD;  Rationale: QVA149 is a once‐daily, fixed‐dose combination of the long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA) indacaterol and the long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) glycopyrronium in development for the treatment of COPD. We evaluated QVA149 versus indacaterol, glycopyrronium, open‐label tiotropium and placebo (SHINE), glycopyrronium and open‐label tiotropium (SPARK), and salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC; ILLUMINATE) in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD. Methods: SHINE, SPARK and ILLUMINATE were multicenter, double‐blind, parallel‐group studies in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD. SHINE randomized 2144 patients to once‐daily QVA149 110/50 μg, indacaterol 150 μg, glycopyrronium 50 μg, open‐label tiotropium 18 μg and placebo for 26 weeks. In SPARK, 2224 patients with severe‐to‐very severe airflow limitation and at least one exacerbation in the previous year were randomized to QVA149 110/50 μg, glycopyrronium 50 μg and open‐label tiotropium 18 μg for 64 weeks. In ILLUMINATE, 523 patients with no exacerbations in the previous year received once‐daily QVA149 110/50 μg and twice‐daily SFC 50/500 μg in a double‐dummy design for 26 weeks. SHINE and ILLUMINATE evaluated QVA149 versus comparators in terms of lung function parameters, Transition Dyspnea Index (TDI), St George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) and rescue medication use, while SPARK measured the effect of treatment on the rate of moderate or severe exacerbations, lung function measures, SGRQ and rescue medication use. Results: Once‐daily QVA149 provided superior bronchodilation versus all comparators with a rapid onset of action; improvements were sustained throughout the studies (Table). Significant improvements were also observed at Week 26 in TDI focal score with QVA149 versus placebo (treatment difference 1.09; p<0.001), tiotropium (treatment difference 0.51; p=0.007) and SFC (treatment difference 0.76; p=0.002). SGRQ total score was significantly improved with QVA149 versus placebo, glycopyrronium and tiotropium. Patients in the QVA149 group used significantly less rescue medication versus comparators. Conclusion: Once‐daily QVA149 provides significantly superior, rapid and sustained bronchodilation versus placebo, indacaterol, glycopyrronium, tiotropium and SFC, along with significant symptomatic improvements, in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD. These results demonstrate the potential of dual bronchodilation with a fixed‐dose LABA/LAMA combination in symptomatic patients with COPD and support the GOLD 2011 strategy recommendation that the addition of a second bronchodilator in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD (Groups B‐D) may optimize symptom benefit. (Table Presented).
 Laba/lama dual bronchodilation as a paradigm shift in COPD therapy: overview of the QVA149 ignite program;  PURPOSE: The IGNITE program investigated the efficacy and safety of dual bronchodilation with once‐daily QVA149 [fixeddose combination of indacaterol (long‐acting β ‐agonist) and glycopyrronium (long‐acting muscarinic antagonist)] for the treatment of patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD. METHODS: Here we present an overview from 5 IGNITE trials: ARISE (Japanese safety study), SHINE, ILLUMINATE, SPARK and BLAZE, reporting lung function, transitional dyspnea index (TDI), health status (via the St George Respiratory Questionnaire [SGRQ]), exacerbations, and safety data in a population of 5298 patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD. RESULTS: QVA149 provided statistically significant and sustained bronchodilation (p<0.001) versus all comparators. The mean change from baseline in pre‐dose forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV ) was 189 and 52 mL for the QVA149 and tiotropium group, respectively at Week 52 in the ARISE study. In the ILLUMINATE study, FEV AUC0‐2h for QVA149 was significantly higher versus salmeterol/fluticasone combination, with a significant and clinically meaningful treatment difference of 0.138 L (95% confidence interval [CI] 0.100‐0.176; p<0.0001). In the BLAZE study, the least squares mean treatment difference in TDI score was 0.49 (95% CI 0.07, 0.91; p=0.021) and 1.37 (95% CI 0.95, 1.79; p<0.001) for QVA149 versus tiotropium and placebo, respectively. QVA149 decreased the rate of overall COPD exacerbations by 15% (rate ratio [RR] 0.85; 95% CI 0.77, 0.94; p=0.001) and 14% (RR 0.86; 95% CI 0.78, 0.94; p=0.002), versus glycopyrronium and tiotropium, respectively in the SPARK study. Moreover, QVA149 significantly improved SGRQ total score versus glycopyrronium (treatment difference: ‐2.07; p=0.07) and tiotropium (‐2.69; p<0.001). In all studies, QVA149 was safe and well tolerated. CONCLUSIONS: Dual bronchodilation with once‐daily QVA149 demonstrated improvements in lung function, dyspnea and health status and reduction in exacerbations, along with a favorable safety profile in patients with COPD.
 A Study to Compare the Impact of Fulticasone Furoate/Vilanterol vs. Tiotropium on Arterial Stiffness in COPD;  Completed Has Results Drug: fluticasone furoate (FF, GW685698)/vilanterol (VI, GW642444) 100/25 mcg Novel Dry Powder Inhaler (NDPI)|Drug: Tiotropium All Phase 3 260 Interventional Allocation: Randomized|Intervention Model: Parallel Assignment|Masking: Double Blind (Subject, Investigator)|Primary Purpose: Treatment Mean Change From Baseline (BL) in Aortic Pulse Wave Velocity (aPWV) at the End of the 12‐week Treatment Period (Day 84)
 EFFECT OF ONCE-DAILY SINGLE-INHALER FLUTICASONE FUROATE/UMECLIDINIUM/VILANTEROL TRIPLE THERAPY ON EXACERBATIONS COMPARED WITH BUDESONIDE/FORMOTEROL DUAL THERAPY IN PATIENTS WITH COPD AND NO HISTORY OF EXACERBATIONS: a POST HOC ANALYSIS OF THE FULFIL STUDY;  TOPIC: Obstructive Lung Diseases TYPE: Original Investigations PURPOSE: FULFIL enrolled patients with symptomatic chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) at risk of exacerbations. FULFIL demonstrated a clinically meaningful and statistically significant reduction in the annualized rate of moderate/severe exacerbations in patients treated with fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) versus budesonide/formoterol (BUD/FOR). Prior history of exacerbations is one of the major risk factors for future exacerbations. The FULFIL study included patients with no prior exacerbations in the past year; therefore, it is of interest to investigate the effect of triple versus dual therapy on exacerbation outcomes in these patients. This post hoc analysis investigated exacerbation outcomes in FULFIL in patients with no exacerbations in the year prior to study entry. METHODS: FULFIL was a Phase 3, 24‐week, randomized, double‐blind, double‐dummy trial in 1810 patients ≥40 years of age with symptomatic COPD (COPD Assessment Test score ≥10) at risk of exacerbations who were randomized to once‐daily FF/UMEC/VI 100/62.5/25μg (ELLIPTA inhaler; N=911) or twice‐daily BUD/FOR 400/12μg (Turbuhaler inhaler; N=899). Patients were required to have a forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1) <50% predicted and no exacerbations in the past year or FEV1 ≥50–<80% predicted and ≥2 moderate or ≥1 severe exacerbation in the past year. On‐treatment annualized rates of moderate/severe and severe exacerbations at Week 24 were evaluated by treatment group for patients with no exacerbations in the year prior to study entry using a generalized linear model assuming a negative binomial distribution. Moderate exacerbations were those requiring corticosteroid or antibiotic therapy; severe exacerbations were those resulting in hospitalization. RESULTS: Of the 1810 patients in the intent‐to‐treat population, 630(35%) had no prior exacerbations (FF/UMEC/VI, n=313; BUD/FOR, n=317). Of these patients, 37 (12%) and 51 (16%) experienced on‐treatment moderate/severe exacerbations with FF/UMEC/VI and BUD/FOR over 24 weeks, respectively; numbers for severe exacerbations were 5 (2%) and 8 (3%), respectively. Patients receiving FF/UMEC/VI vs BUD/FOR had numerically lower annualized rates of moderate/severe exacerbations (mean annualized rate: 0.29 vs 0.43; rate ratio: 0.67 [95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.43, 1.04]; p=0.073) and severe exacerbations (mean annualized rates: 0.013 vs 0.020, respectively; rate ratio: 0.62 [95% CI: 0.18, 2.13]; p=0.446). CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest FF/UMEC/VI may reduce moderate/severe exacerbation rates compared with BUD/FOR in patients with symptomatic COPD who had no exacerbations in the prior year. CLINICAL IMPLICATIONS: These results suggest that there may be exacerbation benefits associated with once‐daily single‐inhaler FF/UMEC/VI triple therapy in COPD patients with severe airflow limitation and no history of exacerbations.Funding: GSK (CTT116853/NCT02345161). DISCLOSURES: Employee relationship with GSK Please note: 2017 to current Added 04/23/2021 by Mohan Bangalore, source=Web Response, value=Stocks Consultant relationship with AstraZeneca Please note: Dec 2019 Added 04/23/2021 by Carlos Camargo, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Scientific Medical Advisor relationship with AstraZeneca Please note: 2020 Added 04/26/2021 by Carlos Camargo, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Scientific Medical Advisor relationship with Sanofi Please note: 2020 Added 04/26/2021 by Carlos Camargo, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with gsk Please note: 2020‐present Added 04/23/2021 by Tariq Cheema, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with Grifols Please note: 2 years Added 04/27/2021 by Sherif El Bayadi, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with GSK Please note: 10 years Added 04/27/2021 by Sherif El Bayadi, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with Sanofi Genzyme Please note: 3 years Added 04/27/2021 by Sherif El Bayadi, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with Mylan Theravance Please note: 3 years Added 04/27/2021 by Sherif El Bayadi, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with Janssen Please note: 1 year Added 04/27/2021 by Sherif El Bayadi, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with United Theraputics Please note: 10 years Added 04/27/2021 by Sherif El Bayadi, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with Bayer Please note: 6 years Added 04/27/2021 by Sherif El Bayadi, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with Mallinckrodt Please note: 5 years Added 04/27/2021 by Sherif El Bayadi, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria No relevant relationships by Stanley Fiel, source=Web Response Employee relationship with GSK Please note: July 2017‐ current Added 04/26/2021 by Renu Jain, source=Web Response, value=Salary Employee relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: >$100000 by David Lipson, source=Web Response, value=Salary Employee relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: APR2000 to current Added 04/26/2021 by Dawn Midwinter, source=Web Response, value=Salary Stockholder relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: Ongoing Added 04/26/2021 by Dawn Midwinter, source=Web Response, value=stocks/shares Advisory Committee Member relationship with AstraZeneca Please note: 24 months Added 04/21/2021 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Consultant relationship with AstraZeneca Please note: 24 months Added 04/21/2021 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with AstraZeneca Please note: 24 months Added 04/21/2021 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Advisory Committee Member relationship with RIFM Please note: 24 months Added 04/21/2021 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Consultant relationship with RIFM Please note: 24 months Added 04/21/2021 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Consultant relationship with Equillium Please note: 24 months Added 04/21/2021 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Advisory Committee Member relationship with Equillium Please note: 24 months Added 04/21/2021 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Advisory Committee Member relationship with Genetech Please note: 24 months Added 04/21/2021 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with Genetech Please note: 24 months Added 04/21/2021 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with Sanofi/Regeneron Please note: 24 months Added 04/21/2021 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Consultant relationship with Bayer Please note: 24 months Added 04/21/2021 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Advisory Committee Member relationship with Theravance Please note: 24 months Added 04/21/2021 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Contracted Research relationship with Novartis Please note: 24 months Added 04/21/2021 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Contracted Research relationship with Optikira Please note: 24 months Added 04/21/2021 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Contracted Research relationship with Medimmune Please note: 24 months Added 04/21/2021 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Contracted Research relationship with Maven Please note: 24 months Added 04/21/2021 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Contracted Research relationship with Evelobio Please note: 24 months Added 04/21/2021 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Contracted Research relationship with Johnson & Johnson Please note: 24 months Added 04/21/2021 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Advisory Committee Member relationship with AstraZeneca; RIFM; Equillium; Genentech; Thervance Please note: 24 months Added 04/22/2021 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Consultant relationship with AstraZeneca; RIFM; Equillium; Bayer Please note: 24 months Added 04/22/2021 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with AstraZeneca; Sanofi/Regeneron; Genentech Please note: 24 months Added 04/22/2021 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Research grant recipient relationship with Novartis; Optikira; Medimmune; Maven; Evelobio Please note: 24 months Added 04/22/2021 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Research grant recipient relationship with Johnson & Johnson; AstraZeneca; RIFM; Equillium; Genentech Please note: 24 months Added 04/22/2021 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Research grant recipient relationship with Theravance Please note: 24 months Added 04/22/2021 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Advisory Committee Member relationship with AstraZeneca Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Principal Investigator relationship with AstraZeneca Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with AstraZeneca Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Advisory Committee Member relationship with MedImmune Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Principal Investigator relationship with MedImmune Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Advisory Committee Member relationship with Reseaerch Institute for Fragrance Materials Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Principal Investigator relationship with Reseaerch Institute for Fragrance Materials Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Advisory Committee Member relationship with Equillium Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Principal Investigator relationship with Equillium Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Advisory Committee Member relationship with Theravance Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Advisory Committee Member relationship with Avillion Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with Sanofi/Regeneron Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with Genentech Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Principal Investigator relationship with Genentech Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Principal Investigator relationship with OncoArendi Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Principal Investigator relationship with Metera Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 by Reynold Panettieri, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with GSK Please note: 2000 TO 2021 Added 04/27/2021 by Nashat Rabadi, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Consultant relationship with GSK Please note: 2019‐2021 Added 04/23/2021 by Byron Thomashow, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee
 A novel study design for the comparison between once-daily QVA149 and twice-daily salmeterol/fluticasone on the reduction of COPD exacerbations: the FLAME study;  Introduction Current COPD treatment guidelines recommend LABA/ICS for severe COPD patients (pts) with a history of exacerbations (exac). The 26wk ILLUMINATE study in moderate‐to‐severe COPD pts showed superiority of QVA149 vs. the LABA/ICS salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) in lung function.1 A novel study design to evaluate the effect of QVA149 vs. SFC on COPD exac in more severe pts with a history of exac is presented. Methods This multicenter, double‐blind, active‐controlled study will randomize ∼3332 pts with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD (1:1) to once‐daily QVA149 (110mg indacaterol/50mg glycopyrronium) or twice‐daily SFC (50/500mg) for 52wks. The study will have a 1wk screening, a 4wk run‐in where tiotropium rather than rescue therapy alone will be provided to all pts, a 52wk blinded treatment, and a 30 day follow‐up period. Pts ≥40yrs, history of ≥1 COPD exac in the past 12 months requiring systemic glucocorticosteroids and/or antibiotics and post‐bronchodilator forced expiratory volume in 1 second ≥25 and <60% predicted value will be included. Primary objective: to show that QVA149 is non‐inferior to SFC for annual rate of all COPD exac (mild/moderate/severe). Secondary outcomes: evaluating potential superiority of QVA149 vs. SFC for annual rate of all exac, time to first COPD exac, lung function, health status, safety and tolerability. Conclusion The results from this study should elucidate the potential place in therapy for dual bronchodilation with QVA149 vs. LABA/ICS in a moderate‐to‐very severe COPD population with a history of exacerbations.
 The effect of dual bronchodilation versus single bronchodilation on 24-hour hyperinflation in COPD patients;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Duaklir Genuair Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder INN or Proposed INN: ACLIDINIUM BROMIDE CAS Number: 320345‐99‐1 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 340‐ INN or Proposed INN: Formoterol Other descriptive name: FORMOTEROL FUMARATE DIHYDRATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 12‐ Trade Name: Spiriva Respimat Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder INN or Proposed INN: Tiotropium CAS Number: 186691‐13‐4 Other descriptive name: TIOTROPIUM Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 2.5‐ CONDITION: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To explore the effect of of aclidinium/formoterol 340/12 mcg DPI twice daily compared to tiotropium respimat 5 mcg PMDI once daily on 24 hour static hyperinflation. Primary end point(s): The static hyperinflation will be used as the primary efficacy variable. A 3 level random‐coefficient analysis will be performed. A regression analysis without random intercept and random slope will be performed at start. Random intercept and or random slope will be added to the model when the difference in ‐2LogLikelihood with the previous model is significant. A second random intercept will be added before at the first level a random slope is added. The assumptions of normal distribution of the random intercept and if applicable random slope and normal distribution of the residuals will be tested. If the assumptions are violated an examination of the data will be done which statistical analysis is allowed. Because of the exploratory nature of the study no confounding variables will be added to the model. Secondary Objective: To explore the effect of of aclidinium/formoterol 340/12 mcg DPI twice daily compared to tiotropium respimat 5 mcg PMDI once daily on 24 hour spirometry, dynamic hyperinflation, respiratory symptoms and sleep quality and nighttime activity as an inverse for sleep quality.</ Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: End of study (the last visit of the last subject undergoing the study) SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): Dynamic hyperinflation measured by metronome paced breathing: A minimal decrease of 11.2% in IC will be considered as hyperinflation. Because of the exploratory nature of this part of the study, there are no clinically relevant changes defined. To analyse the outcomes, mainly descriptive statistics will be used.; Dyspnea symptoms measured by the BDI/TDI: The instrument consists of three components: functional impairment, magnitude of task and magnitude of effort. For the BDI, each of these three compoments are rated in five grades from 0 (severe) to 4 (unimpaired), and are summed to form a baseline total score from 0 to 12. For the TDI, changes in dyspnea are rated for each component by seven grades from ‐3 (major deterioration) to +3 (major improvement), and are added to form a total TDI score from ‐9 to +9. ; Because of the exploratory nature of this study endpoint, there are no clinically relevant changes defined.; Sleep quality: Night‐time awakenings due to COPD symptoms (wheezing, shortness of breath and coughing) will be scored daily by the subjects. For each night, the subject is asked to score the COPD‐related awakenings using the following scale; 0 for no awakenings; 1 for one awakening; 2 for two or three awakenings; and 3 for being awake for most of the night. To evaluate the scores, a mean awakening score will be calculated for each subject per study period. The study will be divided in three periods; the period between visit 1 and the day the study medication will be started (3 days), the period between the start of the study medication and visit 2 (3 days), the periods between visit 2 and visit 3, visit 3 and visit 4 and visit 4 and visit 5 (each period consisting of 3 days). Over each period, a mean awakening score will be calculated, by counting up the scores of the subjects divided by the number of days. ; Because of the exploratory nature of this study, there are no clinically relevant changes defined.; Nighttime physical activity as an inverse for sleep quality measured by an accelerometer: The accelerometer measures heart rate, blood oxygenation, skin temperature, skin blood perfusion and the number of steps.; Because of the exploratory nature of this study, there are no clinically relevant changes defined.; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: End of study (the last visit of the last subject undergoing the study) INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Male and female adults (with an equal sex ratio not exceeding 35‐65%) aged >40 years with written informed consent obtained prior to any study‐related procedure. 2. Patients entering pulmonary rehabilitation at CIRO. 3. Patients with a diagnosis of moderate to very severe COPD at least 12 months before the screening visit (A post‐bronchodilator FEV1 <80% of the predicted normal value and a post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC <0.7 at least 10‐15 min after 4 puffs (4 x 100 mcg) of salbutamol) 4. Patients with severe static hyperinflation defined as residual volume (body box) >150 % predicted. 5. Current smokers or ex‐smokers with a smoking history of at least 10 pack years [pack‐years = (number of cigarettes per day x number of years)/20]. 6. MMRC score >2. 7. A cooperative attitude and ability to use correctly the inhalers. Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1
 Cardiovascular Function in COPD Patients;  The objectives of the study are to explore the effect of treatment with tiotropium + olodaterol fixed dose combination (FDC) compared to fluticasone propionate + salmeterol FDC on: ‐ reversal of left ventricular diastolic dysfunction assessed with cardiac magnetic resonance (CMR) imaging, ‐ measures of arterial stiffness assessed by CMR and pulse wave analysis (PWA), ‐ reduction of hyperinflation assessed with body plethysmography and ‐ post dose spirometry.
 A novel study design for the comparison between once-daily QVA149 and twice-daily salmeterol/fluticasone on the reduction of COPD exacerbations: the flame study;  Aim: Current COPD treatment guidelines recommend LABA/ICS for severe COPD patients (pts) with a history of exacerbations (exac). The 26 wk ILLUMINATE study in moderate‐to‐severe COPD pts showed superiority of QVA149 vs the LABA/ICS salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) in lung function. A novel study design to evaluate the effect of QVA149 vs. SFC on COPD exac in more severe pts with a history of exac is presented. Method: This multicenter, double‐blind, active‐controlled study will randomize ∼3332 pts with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD (1:1) to once‐daily QVA149 (110 μg indacaterol/50 μg glycopyrronium) or twice‐daily SFC (50/ 500 μg) for 52 wks. The study will have a 1 wk screening, a 4 wk run‐in where tiotropium rather than rescue therapy alone will be provided to all pts, a 52 wk blinded treatment, and a 30 day follow‐up period. Pts ≥ 40 yrs, history of ≥1 COPD exac in the past 12 months requiring systemic glucocorticosteroids and/or antibiotics and post‐bronchodilator forced expiratory volume in 1 second ≥25 and <60% predicted value will be included. Primary objective: to show that QVA149 is non‐inferior to SFC for annual rate of all COPD exac (mild/moderate/severe). Secondary outcomes: evaluating potential superiority of QVA149 vs. SFC for annual rate of all exac, time to first COPD exac, lung function, health status, safety and tolerability. Conclusion: The results from this study should elucidate the potential place in therapy for dual bronchodilation with QVA149 vs. LABA/ICS in a moderateto‐ very severe COPD population with a history of exacerbations.
 Study of efficacy and safety of QVA149 compared to standard of care, a combination of fluticasone/salmeterol, in patients with moderate to severe COPD;  INTERVENTION: Product Code: QVA149 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, hard capsule INN or Proposed INN: indacaterol CAS Number: 753498‐25‐8 Other descriptive name: INDACATEROL MALEATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 27.5‐ INN or Proposed INN: glycopyrronium bromide CAS Number: 596‐51‐0 Other descriptive name: GLYCOPYRRONIUM BROMIDE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 12.5‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, hard capsule Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Trade Name: Advair Diskus Product Name: Advair Diskus Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder INN or Proposed INN: FLUTICASONE CAS Number: 90566‐53‐3 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 250‐ INN or Proposed INN: SALMETEROL CAS Number: 89365‐50‐4 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use CONDITION: COPD patients with moderate to severe airflow limitation ; MedDRA version: 16.0 Level: LLT Classification code 10010952 Term: COPD System Organ Class: 100000004855 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To demonstrate the superiority of QVA149 27.5/12.5 µg twice a day as compared to; fluticasone/salmeterol 250/50 µg twice a day in COPD patients with moderate to severe; airflow limitation in terms of standardized FEV1 AUC0‐12h at Week 12. Primary end point(s): FEV1 AUC0‐12h Secondary Objective: To evaluate the effect of QVA149 27.5/12.5 µg twice a day as compared to; fluticasone/salmeterol 250/50µg twice a day in COPD patients with moderate to severe; airflow limitation in terms of:; • Lung function:; • Trough FEV1 at Day 1 and Week 12 (mean of 23 h 15 min and 23 h 45 min post; morning dose); • Pre‐dose trough FEV1 at Week 12 (mean of 15 min and 45 min pre morning dose); • Peak FEV1 within 4 hours post dose at Day 1 and Week 12; • AUC0‐4h at Day 1 and Week 12; • FEV1 and FVC bytime point at Day 1 and Week 12; • The level of breathlessness experienced by the patients evaluated using Transition; Dyspnea Index (TDI) at Week 12; • The change in health status, based on total score of the St George’s Respiratory; Questionnaire (SGRQ) at Week 12 as compared to baseline; ; For more secondary objectives, please refer to the protocol Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Week 12 SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): • Lung function: ; • Trough FEV1 at Day 1 and Week 12 (mean of 23 h 15 min and 23 h 45 min post ; morning dose) ; • Pre‐dose trough FEV1 at Week 12 (mean of 15 min and 45 min pre morning dose) ; • Peak FEV1 within 4 hours post dose at Day 1 and Week 12 ; • AUC0‐4h at Day 1 and Week 12 ; • FEV1 and FVC bytime point at Day 1 and Week 12 ; • The level of breathlessness experienced by the patients evaluated using Transition ; Dyspnea Index (TDI) at Week 12 ; • The change in health status, based on total score of the St George’s Respiratory ; Questionnaire (SGRQ) at Week 12 as compared to baseline ; • The mean change from baseline in daily number of puffs of rescue medication at Week 12 ; • Symptoms reported at Week 12 using the patient electronic diary ; • COPD assessment test (CAT) at Week 12 ; • Safety and tolerability (electrocardiograms (ECGs), laboratory tests, vital signs and ; adverse events including COPD exacerbations and oral candidiasis) over 12 weeks of ; treatment. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: week 12 INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Patients who have signed an Informed Consent Form prior to initiation of any studyrelated procedure. 2. Male and female adults aged =40 years. 3. Patients with stable COPD according to the current GOLD strategy (GOLD 2011). 4. Patients with airflow limitation indicated by a post‐bronchodilator FEV1 = 30% and <80% of the predicted normal, and a post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC < 0.70 at run‐in (Visit 101). Post‐bronchodilator refers to 1 hour after sequential inhalation of 84 µg ipratropium bromide (or equivalent dose) and 400 µg salbutamol (or 360 µg albuterol). Spacer devices are not permitted during reversibility testing. 5. Current or ex‐smokers who have a smoking history of at least 10 pack years (e.g.10 pack years = 1 pack /day x 10 years, or ½ pack/day x 20 years). An ex‐smoker may be defined as a subject who has not smoked for = 6 months at screening. 6. Patients with an mMRC grade 2 or greater at Visit 101<b
 Characteristics of patients with and without COPD exacerbations during the tiotropium + olodaterol Tonado studies;  PURPOSE: The efficacy and safety of once‐daily tiotropium + olodaterol (T+O) in moderate to very severe COPD were demonstrated in the pivotal, Phase III TONADO studies. Preventing exacerbations is a key aim of COPD management due to their adverse effects on lung function and patients' health status. We investigated characteristics of patients with/without COPD exacerbations in the TONADO studies. METHODS: TONADO 1 and 2 were replicate, 52‐week, double‐blind, parallel‐group studies (1237.5, NCT01431274; 1237.6, NCT01431287). Patients received once‐daily T+O 2.5/5 or 5/5 mg, T 2.5 or 5 mg, or O 5 mg via the Respimat® inhaler. Continuation of prescribed ICS was permitted. Characteristics of patients with/without a moderate or severe COPD exacerbation during the study are presented. RESULTS: Of 5162 patients, there were 1484/3678 (28.7%/71.3%) with/without a moderate or severe on‐study COPD exacerbation: T+O 5/5 mg (285/744), T 5 mg (297/736), and O 5 mg (331/707). Demographics were generally similar including mean age (64.4/63.8 years) and the proportions of current smokers (35.7%/37.5%) and their mean pack‐years (46.9/45.9), but there were more women (32.5%/25.0%) and fewer Asian patients (18.2%/28.2%) in the exacerbation group. Patients who had an on‐study exacerbation were more likely to have had an exacerbation in the past year (804/1392 [54.2%/37.8%]), and have received at least one course of antibiotics (52.5%/37.1%) and oral or intravenous steroids (39.8%/22.1%) in the past year. The exacerbation group had longer median (range) duration of COPD (6.0 [0‐43.0]/4.8 [0‐45.3] years), had lower post‐bronchodilator mean FEV1 (1.238/1.429 L) and a higher proportion were GOLD 3/4 (60.6%/45.4%). Pulmonary medication use at baseline was higher in the exacerbation group (87.6%/76.3%), including ICS use at baseline (59.2%/42.6%). CONCLUSIONS: While demographics were similar in patients with and without on‐study exacerbations, patients with exacerbations had longer duration of COPD and more severe COPD in terms of lung function, prior exacerbations, and use of baseline pulmonary and other medications.
 SINGLE-INHALER TRIPLE THERAPY FLUTICASONE FUROATE/UMECLIDINIUM/VILANTEROL COMPARED WITH TIOTROPIUM MONOTHERAPY IN COPD: a POST HOC ANALYSIS BY AIRFLOW LIMITATION;  SESSION TITLE: Obstructive Lung Disease Posters SESSION TYPE: Original Investigation Posters PRESENTED ON: October 18‐21, 2020 PURPOSE: Examine the influence of baseline airflow limitation on outcomes in a 12‐week, randomized, double‐blind, multicenter trial that compared fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) with tiotropium (TIO) in patients with symptomatic chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) at risk of exacerbations. METHODS: Eligible patients had symptomatic COPD (COPD Assessment Test [CAT] score ≥10), post‐bronchodilator forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) <50% predicted (or FEV1 <80% predicted and ≥2 moderate or 1 severe exacerbation in the prior year) and had received TIO maintenance therapy for ≥3 months prior to screening. Patients were randomized 1:1 to once‐daily single‐inhaler FF/UMEC/VI 100/62.5/25 µg via Ellipta or once‐daily TIO 18 µg via HandiHaler. Primary endpoint was change from baseline (CFB) in trough FEV1 at Day 85. Post hoc analyses evaluated the effect of baseline % predicted FEV1 (<50% and ≥50% subgroups) on least squares mean CFB in trough FEV1 at Week 4, Week 12 (Day 84) and Day 85, and St George’s Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) total score and CAT score at Week 4 and Week 12. Safety was also assessed. RESULTS: The <50% and ≥50% baseline % predicted FEV1 subgroups comprised 415 and 380 patients, respectively. FF/UMEC/VI significantly improved trough FEV1 CFB versus TIO in <50% and ≥50% baseline % predicted FEV1 subgroups at Week 4 (treatment difference: 117 mL and 124 mL, respectively; both p<0.001), Week 12 (92 mL and 81 mL, both p<0.001) and Day 85 (70 mL [p=0.003] and 119 mL [p<0.001]). In the <50% baseline percent predicted FEV1 subgroup, FF/UMEC/VI also significantly improved CFB in SGRQ total score and CAT score versus TIO at Week 4 (treatment difference: SGRQ total score, −3.8 [p=0.002]; CAT score, −1.5 [p<0.001]) and Week 12 (SGRQ total score, −3.0 [p=0.020]; CAT score, −1.7 [p<0.001]). In the ≥50% baseline % predicted FEV1 subgroup, FF/UMEC/VI significantly improved CFB in SGRQ total score versus TIO at Week 12 (treatment difference: ‐3.4 [p=0.010]) but not at Week 4 (‐1.9 [p=0.122]) and no improvement in CAT score was observed at either timepoint (Week 4, ‐0.2 [p=0.639]; Week 12, ‐0.6 [p=0.228]). Treatments had comparable safety profiles; pneumonia occurred in 3 (<1%) patients in each treatment arm. CONCLUSIONS: Treatment with once‐daily single‐inhaler FF/UMEC/VI triple therapy significantly improved lung function compared with TIO monotherapy, regardless of airflow limitation at baseline, and had a similar safety profile. Improvements in health status with FF/UMEC/VI compared with TIO were more pronounced in patients with more severe baseline airflow limitation. CLINICAL IMPLICATIONS: FF/UMEC/VI provides a viable option for patients with symptomatic COPD and at risk of exacerbations currently receiving long‐acting muscarinic antagonist monotherapy. DISCLOSURES: Advisory Committee Member relationship with GSK Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 05/22/2020 by Antonio Anzueto, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Advisory Committee Member relationship with BI Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 05/22/2020 by Antonio Anzueto, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Advisory Committee Member relationship with Mylan Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 05/22/2020 by Antonio Anzueto, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Advisory Committee Member relationship with AstraZeneca Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 05/22/2020 by Antonio Anzueto, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 05/23/2020 by Sandeep Bansal, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Consultant relationship with Circulogene Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 05/23/2020 by Sandeep Bansal, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with Boehringer Ingelheim Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 05/23/2020 by Sandeep Bansal, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Consultant relationship with Auris Health, Inc. Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 05/23/2020 by Sandeep Bansal, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Consultant relationship with Vercyte Inc. Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 05/23/2020 by Sandeep Bansal, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Consultant relationship with Veran Technologies Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 05/23/2020 by Sandeep Bansal, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Consultant relationship with Biodesix, Inc. Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 05/23/2020 by Sandeep Bansal, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Consultant relationship with Pinnacle Biologics, Inc. Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 05/23/2020 by Sandeep Bansal, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Consultant relationship with Medtronic Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 05/23/2020 by Sandeep Bansal, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Consultant relationship with Boston Scientific Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 05/23/2020 by Sandeep Bansal, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Speaker/Speaker's relationship with Forest Laboratories Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 05/23/2020 by Sandeep Bansal, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with Sunovion Pharmaceuticals Inc. Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 05/23/2020 by Sandeep Bansal, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Consultant relationship with INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 05/23/2020 by Sandeep Bansal, source=Web Response, value=Travel Fee Employee relationship with GSK Please note: >$100000 Added 05/26/2020 by Nicola Brown, source=Web Response, value=Salary Employee relationship with GSK Please note: >$100000 Added 05/25/2020 by Christopher Compton, source=Web Response, value=Salary Employee relationship with GSK Please note: >$100000 Added 05/25/2020 by Christopher Compton, source=Web Response, value=I hold shares in GSK Shareholder relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: >$100000 Added 05/22/2020 by Thomas Corbridge, source=Web Response, value=Salary Employee relationship with GSK Please note: >$100000 Added 06/12/2020 by Kelly Dorais, source=Admin input, value=Salary No relevant relationships by David Erb, source=Web Response Employee relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: >$100000 by Catherine Harvey, source=Admin input, value=Salary Stock holder relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 by Catherine Harvey, source=Admin input, value=Ownership interest Employee relationship with GSK Please note: >$100000 Added 05/22/2020 by Morrys Kaisermann, source=Web Response, value=Salary No relevant relationships by Mitchell Kaye, source=Web Response Employee relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: >$100000 Added 05/22/2020 by David Lipson, source=Web Response, value=Salary Share holder relationship with GSK Please note: >$100000 Added 05/22/2020 by Neil Martin, source=Web Response, value=Salary Advisory Committee Member relationship with GSK Please note: $1‐$1000 Added 06/12/2020 by Dany Obeid, source=Admin input, value=Personal fees Advisory Committee Member relationship with Aastrazeneca, Chiesi, GSK, TEVA, menarini, novartis, Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 03/23/2020 by Alberto Papi, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Removed 03/23/2020 by Alberto Papi, source=Web Response Advisory Committee Member relationship with Astrazeneca, Chiesi, GSK, TEVA Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 03/23/2020 by Alberto Papi, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Advisory Committee Member relationship with edmondpharma, zambon, sanofi, Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 03/23/2020 by Alberto Papi, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with AZ, GSK, Chiesi NOVARTIs, BI, sanofi, Zambon Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 03/23/2020 by Alberto Papi, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Employee relationship with GSK Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 05/23/2020 by Chang‐Qing Zhu, source=Web Response, value=Salary
 QVA149 once daily reduces lung hyperinflation, improves lung function and volumes as measured by body plethysomography: the bright study;  Rationale QVA149 is a novel inhaled once‐daily, dual bronchodilator containing a fixed‐dose combination of the long‐acting 2‐agonist (LABA) indacaterol and the long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) glycopyrronium (NVA237), in development for the maintenance treatment of COPD. The BRIGHT study evaluated the effects of QVA149 on exercise tolerance, hyperinflation, lung function and lung volumes in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD, versus placebo and tiotropium. Here we report the body plethysmography parameters and lung function results. Methods Patients were randomized to QVA149 110/50μg, placebo or tiotropium 18μg once daily in a blinded, 3‐period, crossover study for 3 weeks. Plethysmography parameters (functional residual capacity [FRC], residual volume [RV], slow vital capacity [SVC], and specific airways conductance [SGaw]) were evaluated on Days 1 and 21. Dynamic inspiratory capacity (IC) during exercise, trough IC, trough FEV1 and trough forced vital capacity (FVC) were also measured on Day 21. Results 85 patients were randomized; mean age: 62 years, mean post‐bronchodilator FEV1: 56% predicted; 86% completed the study. At Days 1 and 21, QVA149 produced significantly superior changes in FRC, RV, SVC and SGaw versus placebo at 5, 15 and 60 minutes post‐dose (Table 1). SVC was also significantly superior with QVA149 versus tiotropium at 5, 15 and 60 minutes post‐dose on Day 1 (p<0.01) and at 5 minutes post‐dose on Day 21 (p<0.05). For SGaw, QVA149 was superior versus tiotropium at 5 minutes post‐dose at Day 1 (p=0.001) and 5, 15 and 60 minutes post‐dose at Day 21 (p<0.01). QVA149 also produced significant and clinically meaningful improvements in trough FEV1, dynamic IC, trough IC and trough FVC versus placebo and tiotropium (Table 2). Conclusions In patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD, once‐daily QVA149 is associated with sustained reductions of lung hyperinflation at rest and during exercise. The resulting increases in inspiratory capacity permitted greater expansion of tidal volume and contributed to improvements in lung function. (Table Presented).
 Once-daily QVA149 significantly improves lung function and symptoms compared to twice-daily fluticasone/salmeterol in COPD patients: the ILLUMINATE study;  Background QVA149 is a novel dual bronchodilator combination of the LABA indacaterol and the LAMA NVA237 (glycopyrronium), in development for the treatment of COPD. QVA149 once daily (QD) vs salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) twice daily (BID) was evaluated in moderate‐to‐severe COPD patients with no history of exacerbations in the previous year. Methods In a double‐blind, double‐dummy, parallel‐group study, 523 patients (QVA=258, SFC=264) were randomized to receive QVA149 110/50 μg QD (via the Breezhaler device®) or SFC 500/50 μg BID (via the Accuhaler device®) for 26 weeks. Results Mean age was 63 years; mean post‐bronchodilator FEV1 60% predicted. Mean FEV1 AUC0‐12h at Day 1 and Weeks 12 and 26 (primary endpoint) was significantly higher with QVA149 vs SFC (p<0.001 for all comparisons; table). Serial spirometry showed significantly higher and clinically meaningful improvements in FEV1 with QVA149 vs SFC at all timepoints from 5 min to 12 h at Day 1 and Weeks 12 and 26 (p<0.001). QVA149 significantly improved the Transition Dyspnea Index score vs SFC (treatment mean: 2.16 vs 1.41, respectively; p=0.003), reduced rescue medication use (‐0.39 puffs/day; p=0.019) and improved other lung function measures (table) over 26 weeks. The safety profile of QVA149 was similar to that of SFC. Conclusion QVA149 QD provided significant, sustained and clinically meaningful improvements in lung function vs SFC BID over 26 weeks, with significant symptomatic benefits.
 QVA149 improves dyspnoea and lung function versus tiotropium in symptomatic patients using LABA/ICS preceding study enrolment: the BLAZE study;  Introduction In the BLAZE study, QVA149 showed superior improvements in dyspnoea (assessed by self‐administered computerised‐transition dyspnoea index [SAC‐TDI]) and lung function vs placebo (PBO) and tiotropium (TIO).1 In this post‐hoc analysis, we report these outcomes from the subgroup population using LABA/ICS prior to study enrolment, primarily because of inappropriate use of ICS, despite not being recommended for patients (pts) with moderate COPD (GOLD B). Method This blinded, crossover study randomised pts with moderate‐to‐severe COPD (mMRC≥2) to once‐daily QVA149 110/50μg, PBO or TIO 18μg.1 Outcomes reported were SAC‐TDI, FEV1, FEV1AUC0‐4 h, and rescue medication use. Results Of the 247 pts randomised, 82 pts were on prior LABA/ICS therapy. At Wk 6, the proportion of pts who achieved the SAC‐TDI score (≥1unit) was higher with QVA149 (39.5%) than PBO (19.0%; odds ratio [OR] 3.16) or TIO (20.0%; OR 3.31; both p<0.01). QVA149 significantly improved mean FEV1 up to 4h post‐dose and FEV1AUC0‐4h (table), and reduced mean daily rescue medication use (puffs/day) by 1.53 (p<0.001) and 0.44 (p=0.128) vs PBO and TIO, respectively. (Table Presented) Conclusion Improvements in dyspnoea and lung function, and reduction in rescue medication use with QVA149 vs PBO and TIO have been shown in overall population. Similar significant improvements were seen in subgroup population using LABA/ICS prior to study enrolment.
 Efficacy and safety of QVA149 compared with salmeterol/fluticasone combination (SFC) in Chinese patients with moderate-to-severe COPD: a subgroup analysis from the LANTERN study;  Introduction: The LANTERN study demonstrated better efficacy of QVA149 (LABA/LAMA) vs SFC (LABA/ICS) in moderate‐to‐severe COPD patients (pts) with a history of ≤1 exacerbation in the previous year (Zhong et al, Eur Respir J. 2014;44,58S;P2815. Here, we present the efficacy and safety of QVA149 vs SFC in the subgroup of Chinese pts from the LANTERN study. Methods: The 26‐wk, double‐blind study randomised pts (1:1) to QVA149 (110/50μg) od or SFC (50/500μg) bid. The primary endpoint was non‐inferiority of QVA149 to SFC in terms of post‐dose trough FEV1. Other endpoints included FVC, FEV1AUC0‐4h, TDI, SGRQ, COPD exacerbations and safety. Results: A total of 598 (80.4%) pts were from mainland China who were randomised to either QVA149 (n=298) or SFC (n=300). The primary endpoint was met and QVA149 showed superiority vs SFC with a statistically significant and clinically meaningful increase in trough FEV1, FEV1 AUC0‐4hand FVC. Similar improvement in TDI and SGRQ scores was observed in both groups (Table). QVA149 significantly reduced the annualised rate of moderate or severe, and severe exacerbations vs SFC (rate ratio: 0.57 and 0.32, respectively).Adverse events were low in QVA149 (34.6%) vs SFC (43.1%) with a lower incidence of pneumonia (1 vs 6). Conclusion: These findings support the use of the QVA149 over SFC in Chinese patients with none or one COPD exacerbation in the previous year. (Table Presented).
 Late-breaking abstract: efficacy and safety of once-daily QVA149 compared with twice-daily salmeterol/fluticasone combination (SFC) in patients with COPD: the LANTERN study;  Background In a head to head comparison, the LANTERN study evaluated QVA149 once daily (LABA/LAMA) versus SFC twice daily (LABA/ICS) in patients (pts) with moderate to severe COPD. Methods In this double‐blind, double‐dummy, parallel‐group study, 744 pts with moderate to severe COPD and who may have had a recent history of exacerbation (post‐bronchodilator FEV1 ≥30% and <80% of the predicted normal) were randomised (1:1) to QVA149 110/50μg o.d. or SFC 50/500μg b.i.d. for 26 weeks (wks). Primary endpoint: Non‐inferiority (NI) between QVA149 and SFC for post‐dose trough FEV1 at Wk 26. Other endpoints: FEV1 AUC0‐4hr, TDI, SGRQ, exacerbations and safety. Results Overall 676 pts (90.9%) completed the study. At Wk 26, QVA149 demonstrated NI followed by statistically significant superiority to SFC for trough FEV1 (treatment difference (Δ) =75mL, 95% confidence interval (CI): 44, 107mL; p<0.001). QVA149 demonstrated statistically significant improvement in FEV1 AUC0‐4h at Wk 26 vs SFC (Δ=122mL; p<0.001). At Wk 26 for change from baseline, QVA149 and SFC had similar improvements in TDI and SGRQ total scores, and rescue medication use. QVA149 significantly reduced the rate of moderate or severe exacerbations by 31% (RR [95% CI]: 0.69 [0.48, 1.00]; p=0.048) vs SFC. Adverse events were lower for QVA149 (40.1%) vs SFC (47.4 %). Incidence of pneumonia was lower in QVA149 (0.8%) vs SFC (2.7%). Conclusion QVA149 was superior in bronchodilation and rate of exacerbations versus SFC and was similar in pt‐reported outcomes. These findings support the use of LABA/LAMA combination over LABA/ICS in moderate‐to‐severe COPD pts with or without recent exacerbations.
 A 52-week treatment, multi-center, randomized, doubleblind, double dummy, parallel-group, active controlled study to compare the effect of QVA149 (indacaterol maleate / glycopyrronium bromide) with salmeterol/fluticasone on the rate of exacerbations in subjects with moderate to very severe COPD (CQVA149A2318);  INTERVENTION: Treatment with QVA149 or Seretide. CONDITION: ; COPD 10038716 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Exacerbation rate.; SECONDARY OUTCOME: FEV1, St George questionnaire, rescue medication, COPD symptoms, safety and ; tolerability. ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: * Male or female adults aged *40 years. * Patients with stable COPD according to the (GOLD Guidelines, 2011). * Current or ex‐smokers who have a smoking history of at least 10 pack years. * Post‐bronchodilator FEV1 *25% and < 60% of the predicted normal value, and postbronchodilator FEV1/FVC < 0.70. * At least 1 exacerbation in the previous 12 months. * Patients taking stable COPD medication (at least 60 days). * mMRC grade of at least 2.
 Safety and pharmacokinetics of budesonide/glycopyrronium/formoterol fumarate dihydrate metered dose inhaler (BGF MDI) in healthy adult subjects of Japanese descent;  INTRODUCTION: BGF MDI, a budesonide, glycopyrronium, and formoterol fumarate dihydrate triple fixed‐dose combination metered dose inhaler formulated using co‐suspension delivery technology, is currently in Phase III global development for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. METHODS: This was a Phase I, randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, ascending‐dose, crossover study to assess the safety and pharmacokinetic profiles of two doses of BGF MDI in healthy adult subjects of Japanese descent (NCT02197975). Safety assessments included monitoring for adverse events (AEs). Pharmacokinetic parameters were assessed following a single dose and 7‐days chronic dosing with BGF MDI 160/14.4/10 μg and BGF MDI 320/14.4/10 μg. RESULTS: Twenty subjects were randomized and included in the safety and pharmacokinetic populations; mean age 29.7 years; 65% male; and mean body mass index of 21.9 kg/m2. The incidences of treatment‐emergent AEs (TEAEs) were similar between treatments. All the TEAEs were mild to moderate in severity. Budesonide area under the plasma concentration‐time curve from 0 to 12 h (AUC0‐12) and maximum observed plasma concentration (Cmax) values were approximately double for the higher dose of BGF MDI compared with the lower dose on Day 1 and also following chronic dosing on Day 8. Glycopyrronium and formoterol AUC0‐12 and Cmax values on Day 8 were comparable between the two doses of BGF MDI. DISCUSSION: Both doses of BGF MDI were well tolerated in healthy subjects of Japanese descent and the systemic exposure to budesonide was dose proportional for BGF MDI 160/14.4/10 μg and BGF MDI 320/14.4/10 μg. The safety and pharmacokinetics for BGF MDI 160/14.4/10 μg and BGF MDI 320/14.4/10 μg in Japanese subjects were comparable to data from previous studies in Western populations, which suggests that the safety and efficacy profile of BGF MDI should be similar in Western and Japanese subjects.
 Safety and pharmacokinetics of budesonide/glycopyrronium/formoterol fumarate dihydrate metered dose inhaler (BGF MDI) in healthy adult subjects of Japanese descent;  Introduction: BGF MDI, a budesonide, glycopyrronium, and formoterol fumarate dihydrate triple fixed‐dose combination metered dose inhaler formulated using co‐suspension delivery technology, is currently in Phase III global development for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Methods: This was a Phase I, randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, ascending‐dose, crossover study to assess the safety and pharmacokinetic profiles of two doses of BGF MDI in healthy adult subjects of Japanese descent (NCT02197975). Safety assessments included monitoring for adverse events (AEs). Pharmacokinetic parameters were assessed following a single dose and 7‐days chronic dosing with BGF MDI 160/14.4/10 μg and BGF MDI 320/14.4/10 μg. Results: Twenty subjects were randomized and included in the safety and pharmacokinetic populations; mean age 29.7 years; 65% male; and mean body mass index of 21.9 kg/m2. The incidences of treatment‐emergent AEs (TEAEs) were similar between treatments. All the TEAEs were mild to moderate in severity. Budesonide area under the plasma concentration‐time curve from 0 to 12 h (AUC0–12) and maximum observed plasma concentration (Cmax) values were approximately double for the higher dose of BGF MDI compared with the lower dose on Day 1 and also following chronic dosing on Day 8. Glycopyrronium and formoterol AUC0–12 and Cmax values on Day 8 were comparable between the two doses of BGF MDI. Discussion: Both doses of BGF MDI were well tolerated in healthy subjects of Japanese descent and the systemic exposure to budesonide was dose proportional for BGF MDI 160/14.4/10 μg and BGF MDI 320/14.4/10 μg. The safety and pharmacokinetics for BGF MDI 160/14.4/10 μg and BGF MDI 320/14.4/10 μg in Japanese subjects were comparable to data from previous studies in Western populations, which suggests that the safety and efficacy profile of BGF MDI should be similar in Western and Japanese subjects.
 Once-daily QVA149 improves dyspnoea and health status compared with tiotropium plus formoterol in patients without ICS use: a post-hoc analysis of the QUANTIFY study;  Rationale: The QUANTIFY study compared the approved dual bronchodilator QVA149 with the free‐dose combination of tiotropium plus formoterol (TIO+FOR) regarding lung function, dyspnoea and health status in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD. This post‐hoc analysis reported on the subgroup of pts without ICS background therapy. Methods: This blinded, triple‐dummy 26‐week study randomised patients to QVA149 110/50 μg OD or TIO 18 μg OD plus FOR 12 μg b.i.d. (1:1). ICS was allowed as background therapy. Endpoints included lung function (trough FEV1), dyspnoea (TDI) and health status (COPD Assessment Test, CAT). Results: Of the 934 pts randomised (QVA149 [N=476] or TIO+FOR [N=458]); 87.9% completed the study. 41% of all pts had ICS background therapy, but only 2.6% of those were frequent exacerbators. The subgroup of patients without ICS, representing 59% of all pts (QVA 149 [N=275], TIO+FOR [N=274]), showed a statistically significant improvement in breathlessness (least square mean difference (LSMD) in TDI: 0.66; 95% CI: 0.081.24 p=0.027), lung function (LSMD trough FEV1: 77 mL, 95% CI: 33‐120 mL, p<0.001) and health status (LSMD in CAT: ‐1.21; 95% CI: 2.10‐ ‐0.31, p=0.009). Importantly, for both TDI and CAT, the percentage of patients achieving the minimum clinically important difference was significantly higher with QVA149 versus TIO+FOR (55.6% vs. 45.9%, p=0.026 and 44.9% vs. 33.6%, p=0.007, respectively). Conclusion: QVA149 showed significant improvements in dyspnoea, health status and lung function in the subgroup of patients without ICS use compared with TIO+FOR free‐dose combination.
 Beyond asthma: is there a role for anticholinergic agents in other pediatric obstructive airway disease?;  This short review addresses potential uses of anticholinergic medication in pediatrics beyond asthma. The last segment touches on asthma in the context of the hitherto little used drug: Tiotropiumbromide. This text borrows heavily from our previous publication on the role of anticholinergic in childhood.(1) Pre School Wheezing The 2008 ERS Task Force opted to not use the term asthma to describe preschool wheezing illness since there was insufficient evidence showing that the pathophysiology of preschool wheezing illness is similar to that of asthma in older ages. The Task Force referred to Pre School Wheezing and described episodic (viral wheeze) for children who wheeze intermittently and are well between episodes versus multiple‐trigger wheeze for children who wheeze both during and outside discrete episodes.(2)We will therefore in our current discussion refer to this young age morbidity as an entity that should be discussed separately from asthma, acknowledging that much has yet to be learned on the nature of this entity. Amongst the many mechanism of virus‐induced airway hyperreactivity; a common phenomenon in pediatric practice related to this young age group, studies have shown that cholinergic overactivity such as through the modulation of Substance P may mediate virus‐induced airway hyperreactivity. Virus‐specific CD8+ T lymphocytes may induce cholinergic activation through M2 receptor dysfunction.(3) Hence anticholinergic medications may have a role in viral‐induced wheeze with compounds that display selectivity for M1 and M3 muscarinic receptors over M2 receptors having advantages over nonselective compounds. A number of small studies addressed the role of anticholinergics in acute bronchiolitis but failed to showa role for this acute intervention. A study on 69 infants who were randomly assigned to receive nebulized salbutamol, ipratropiumbromide or placebo resulted in faster improved clinical scores and oxygen saturation levels in the bronchodilator groups than in the placebo, but no effect to change the natural course of the disease.(4) In studies on this topic from1981, inhaled ipratropiumbromide administered to wheezy children (3 ‐ 32 months of age) improved lung function when measured by total body plethysmography and forced oscillation technique.(5) The authors were unable to differentiate between responders and nonresponders by clinical or by physiological parameters, but submitted that the differential distribution of obstruction between small and large airways may underlie response or lack thereof; and that subjects with a predominance of large airways obstruction were the responders to inhaled ipratropium. A logical if unproven additional speculation was that anticholinergics decrease airway secretions and with it reduce large airway resistance. A Cochrane review examining the effect of adding ipratropium bromide to B2‐agonists in wheezy infants (6) suggested that the combined therapy improved symptom scores after 24 hours compared to the use of jB2‐agonist alone. The ERS Task Force cited above(2) offered evidence‐based recommendations on the definition, assessment and treatment of wheezing disorders in preschool children. Addition of ipratropium bromide to short acting B2‐agonists was suggested for patients with severe wheeze. In the 2014 review of the Task Force recommendations no reference was made to the use of anticholinergic medications.(7) Tracheobronchomalacia It is widely believed amongst pediatric pulmonologists that administration of B2‐agonists in infants with airway structural instability, predominantly tracheobronchomalacia is detrimental, while the use of anticholinergics for bronchodilatation is safe. This notion derives from a study of only 3 infants with intrathoracic tracheomalacia, using infant pulmonary function testing and demonstrating that flows improved significantly after administration of metacholine but worsened after administration of albuterol.(8) These results suggest that in patients with abnormally collapsible tracheas or large bronchi, stimulation of the smooth muscle can improve airway stability, thereby increasing forced expiratory flows, while relaxation of airway smooth muscle by bronchodilators can exacerbate obstruction. The sole support for this observation comes from a review of a series of patients with tracheobronchomalacia from Chile, in whom beta‐agonist medications were discontinued while the anticholinergics were not.(9) The effect of anticholinergic medication has not been assessed directly in any study, and thus whether this class of medications may have a different effect compared to beta2‐agonists in such pathology has not been established. Further studies on the effect of the various bronchodilators for such pathologies using newer technologies to assess airway resistance (e.g., forced oscillation) should be undertaken. While more invasive and challenging, a technique of direct quantitative assessment of tracheal collapsibility in infants with tracheomalacia has been described, and may be the most adequate technique to answer this important clinical question.(10) Tiotropium bromide in pediatric use ‐ asthma and the Asthma‐COPD Overlap Syndrome Ipratropium bromide has a limited role in childhood asthma, largely due to lack of selectivity. The more recently introduced long‐acting muscarinic antagonists/anticholinergic (LAMA), tiotropium bromide, presents advanced pharmacologic properties such as selectivity for M3 muscarinic receptors over M2 receptors and long duration of action. A high safety profile and increasing evidence of efficacy have rendered it a mainstay medication for COPDwith anemerging role in adult asthma. Fewstudies have emerged on its role in the treatment of childhood asthma and defining its therapeutic niche for pediatric airway diseases. In a recent 1‐year randomized controlled trial, tiotropium add‐on therapy in adolescents with moderate asthma,(11) significantly improved lung function and was safe and well tolerated when added to at least ICS maintenance therapy. A study of 71 pediatric patients with asthma and chronic cough from an asthma center(12) concluded that tiotropium can be beneficial in 3 distinct patient populations: add‐on therapy to asthmatics on maximal maintenance medication, an alternative to highdose inhaled steroids in patientswho are experiencing significant side effects, and patients with bronchorrhea as their predominant symptom manifested by a chronic productive cough, the latter population is most likely explained by its drying effect on airway secretions. A recent editorial(13) states Approximately 1 in 12 people worldwide are affected by asthma or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD); once regarded as two distinct disease entities, these two conditions are now recognized as heterogeneous and often overlapping conditions. The term “asthma‐COPD overlap syndrome” (ACOS) has been applied to the condition in which a person has clinical features of both asthma and COPD. In recent years multiple reports describing this interface between asthma and COPD have been published recognizing that the demarcation line between these two entities is difficult to define. While the precise definition in various populations is still being worked out, and it is obvious that themajority of such patients are adults, there is early recognition that some pediatric populations, who are viewed as asthmatic, yet have no airway reversibility, may constitute an early presentation of the Overlap Syndrome. The mainstay therapies for COPD are long‐acting inhaled bronchodilators, including longacting B2‐agonists (LABAs) and LAMAs, with its characteristic member being tiotropium bromide. In patients with COPD they are recognized as being equally effective because they reduce air trapping by relaxing airway smooth muscle as a result of reducing the effects of intrinsic cholinergic tone. It is therefore intriguing to speculate that once a better definition of the Overlap Syndrome emerges in pediatrics, an important role for tiotropium is likely to emerge particularly as a potential steroid sparing medication.
 Tiotropium Respimat® in asthma: evaluation of dosing regimens by comparing once-daily 5 μg with twice-daily 2.5 μg;  To establish the optimum dosing regimen of tiotropium Respimat®, this study investigated the bronchodilator efficacy over 24 hours of QD 5 μg dosing compared with BID 2.5 μg dosing. This was a double‐blind, crossover, Phase II study. Patients received tiotropium 5 ug (QD evening, plus placebo QD morning), 2.5 ug (BID morning and evening), and placebo Respimat® (BID), each as add‐on to medium‐dose ICS, each for 4 weeks, in a randomized sequence, without washout between treatment periods. Main inclusion criteria were: age 18‐75 years; non‐smokers or ex‐smokers; ≥3 month history of asthma; Asthma Control Questionnaire mean score ≥1.5; maintenance treatment with medium‐dose ICS alone or in combination with LABA or short‐acting β2‐agonist for ≥4 weeks. The main exclusion criterion was diagnosis of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease or significant lung disease other than asthma. The primary efficacy endpoint was FEV1 AUC(0‐24h) at end of each 4‐week treatment period. Of 94 randomized and treated patients, 89 (95 %) completed the study. Tiotropium 5 μg QD and 2.5 μg BID provided significantly greater bronchodilation than placebo: FEV1 AUC(0‐24h) response (adjusted mean difference from placebo ± standard error) was 158±24 mL and 149±24 mL, respectively. The tiotropium dosing regimens were also significantly greater than placebo for the secondary endpoints peak FEV1(0‐24h), trough FEV1, pre‐dose PEFAM, and pre‐dose PEFPM. No statistically significant difference was seen between the tiotropium dosing regimens for any primary or secondary endpoint (exploratory analysis). In conclusion, improvements in lung function over 24 hours with tiotropium Respimat® were sustained and highly similar for the 5 μg QD and 2.5 μg BID regimens, suggesting that tiotropium 5 μg QD is an appropriate dosing regimen.
 Effect of Inhaled indacaterol/glycopyrronium/mometasone furoate fixed-dose triple formulation on pulmonary function, symptoms and inflammation control in patients with asthma complicated with COPD;  INTERVENTION: Test Group A:Inhaled indacaterol/glycopyrronium/mometasone furoate fixed‐dose (160/150/50µg,qd);Control group B:Budesonide formoterol inhalation powder aerosol (160/4.5 micrograms, 2 inhalations per bid) plus tiotropium bromide inhaler (2.5 micrograms, once a day, 2 inhalations per inhalation);Control group C:Budesonide, Glycopyrronium Bromide and Formoterol Fumarate Inhalation Aerosol (160/4.8/7.2µg,bid,2 inhalations per inhalation); CONDITION: asthma‐COPD overlap SECONDARY OUTCOME: Lung function trough FEV1 trough improvement from baseline;Change from baseline in ACT score;Inflammatory biomarkers (FENO, etc.);Inhaled medication adherence (TAI test and MMAS‐8 score);Time of asthma exacerbation;Related concomitant medications; INCLUSION CRITERIA: A. Patient is over 18 years old; B. Patients with a diagnosed COPD who have reversible airflow limitation (improvement in FEV1 >12% with an absolute increase of >200 ml after bronchodilator inhalation), elevated FeNO (>22.5 ppb) and/or induced sputum eosinophilia, and a previous history of asthma; or patients with diagnosed asthma, after 3 6 months of standardized treatment, still have persistent airflow limitation (FEV1/FVC <70% after inhalation of bronchodilators), a history of exposure to harmful gases or substances (smoking or previous smoking = 10 pack‐years), high‐resolution CT (HRCT) to determine the presence of emphysema and decreased diffusion function of pulmonary function tests. C. Patient signs informed consent;
 QVA149 is more efficacious than tiotropium and salmeterol/fluticasone combination (SFC) in improving patient-reported outcomes and lung function in COPD patients with moderate-to-severe baseline dyspnoea: the IGNITE trials;  Introduction: QVA149 is an approved once‐daily dual bronchodilator for maintenance treatment of patients with COPD. Here, we assessed the efficacy of QVA149 in improving dyspnoea, health status and lung function in COPD patients with moderate‐to‐severe baseline dyspnoea (GOLD Group B) from SHINE and ILLUMINATE studies. Methods: Symptomatic patients from SHINE (N=2144) and ILLUMINATE (N=523) studies with baseline dyspnoea index (BDI) ≤7 (moderate‐to‐severe dyspnoea equivalent to GOLD Group B) were included in this subgroup analysis. QVA149 was compared to placebo (PBO), openlabel tiotropium (TIO), and SFC; TDI, SGRQ and lung function (trough and pre‐dose FEV1 ) were assessed at Week 26. Results: Mean BDI was comparable in both SHINE [QVA149 (n=305): 5.44, TIO (n=313): 5.57, PBO (n=131): 5.47] and ILLUMINATE [QVA149 (n=166): 5.78, SFC (n=179): 5.85] studies. QVA149 provided significant improvement in dyspnoea and lung function, compared with PBO, TIO and SFC (Table). QVA149 also improved (not significant) SGRQ total score versus SFC. Conclusion: In patients with moderate‐to‐severe baseline dyspnoea (comparable to GOLD Group B), QVA149 was more efficacious than TIO and SFC in improving patientreported outcomes and lung function.
 A research study to compare two treatments for treating a respiratory disease known as asthma-COPD overlap syndrome (ACOS);  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: flutiform® 125 microgram / 5 microgram per actuation pressurised inhalation, suspension Product Name: Fluticasone/formoterol BAI 125/5 µg Product Code: K‐haler Pharmaceutical Form: Pressurised inhalation, suspension INN or Proposed INN: fluticasone propionate CAS Number: 80474‐14‐2 Other descriptive name: FLUTICASONE PROPIONATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 125‐ INN or Proposed INN: / formoterol fumarate dihydrate Other descriptive name: / FORMOTEROL FUMARATE DIHYDRATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 5‐ Trade Name: Ultibro® Breezhaler 85 micrograms/43 micrograms, inhalation powder hard capsules Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, hard capsule INN or Proposed INN: indacaterol maleate CAS Number: 753498‐25‐8 Other descriptive name: INDACATEROL MALEATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 143‐ INN or Proposed INN: / GLYCOPYRRONIUM BROMIDE CAS Number: / 596‐51‐0 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 63‐ CONDITION: Fixed airflow obstruction with elevated eosinophils ; MedDRA version: 18.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10077006 Term: Asthma‐COPD overlap syndrome System Organ Class: 100000004855 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To compare the efficacy of fluticasone /formoterol BAI 125/5 microgram (2 puffs b.i.d.) versus Ultibro Breezhaler 85/43 microgram (1 puff o.d.) in terms of the percentage of eosinophils in induced sputum at Week 6 of each treatment. Primary end point(s): Change from baseline in eosinophil count (percentage of total cell count) in induced sputum at Week 6 Secondary Objective: Key Secondary Objective:; To compare the efficacy of fluticasone /formoterol BAI 125/5 microgram (2 puffs b.i.d.) versus Ultibro Breezhaler 85/43 microgram (1 puff o.d.) in terms of the serum concentration of SPD at Week 6 of each treatment. ; ; Only the Key Secondary Objective is listed here.; Please refer to section 7.3 of the protocol (Final Version 2.0, 26 Nov 2015) for the full list of Secondary Objectives. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Evaluation after study end. No interim analysis planned. Please refer to section 14.21 of the protocol. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): Key Secondary efficacy endpoint:; Change from baseline in serum concentration of the SPD at Week 6; ; Other secondary efficacy endpoints: ; ; ‐ Change from baseline in percentage of blood eosinophils at Week 6; ‐ Change from baseline in serum concentration of CCL‐18 at Week 6; ‐ Change from baseline in concentration of nitric oxide in exhaled air (bronchial FENO) at Week 3 and Week 6 (exhaled at 50 mL/s); ‐ Change from baseline in alveolar nitric oxide (in a subgroup of subjects) at Week 3 and Week 6 measured at 50, 100 and 150mL/sec; ‐ Change from baseline in EXACT‐respiratory symptoms (EXACT‐RS) dyspnoea score averaged over 6‐week treatment period; ‐ Changes from baseline in EXACT total score averaged over the 6‐week treatment period; ‐ Changes from baseline in mean rescue medication use measured morning and evening over 6 weeks of treatment; ‐ Change from baseline in ACQ at Week 6; ‐ Change from baseline in CAT at Week 6; ‐ Changes from baseline in pre‐dose FEV1 & FVC at Week 6; ‐ Changes from baseline in mean peak expiratory flow rate (PEFR) measured morning and evening (prior to taking study medication) over 6 weeks of treatment using electronic subject diary; ‐ Change from baseline in oscillometric parameters (R5, R20, R5 ‐ R20, AX, RF, X5) at Week 6 of each treatment (in a subgroup); ‐ Change from baseline in percentage of neutrophils, macrophages and lymphocytes in induced sputum at Week 6 of each treatment. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Evaluation after study end. No interim analysis planned. Please refer to section 14.21 of the protocol. INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Male or female subjects aged equal or major than to 40 years at Screening visit. 2. Adequate contraception: ‐ Female subjects of child bearing potential (less than 1 year post‐menopausal) must have a negative urine pregnancy test prior to first dose of study medication, be non‐lactating, and willing to use adequate and highly effective methods of birth control throughout the study such as sterilisation, implants, injectables, combined oral contraceptives, some intra‐uterine devices, sexual abstinence, where this is line with the preferred and usual lifestyle of the subject or vasectomised partner. Note: Periodic abstinence (calendar, ovulation, symptothermal, post‐ovulation methods), declaration of abstinence for duration of study, and withdrawal are not acceptable methods of contraception). ‐ Male subjects with a partner of child‐bearing potential must be willing to use adequate and highly effective methods of birth control throughout the study (
 Evaluation of the Efficacy and Safety of QVA149 (110/50 μg o.d.) vs Tiotropium (18 µg o.d.) + Salmeterol/Fluticasone Propionate FDC (50/500 µg b.i.d.) in Patients With Moderate to Severe COPD;  This study will evaluate the efficacy and safety of QVA149 (110/50 μg o.d.) vs tiotropium (18 µg o.d.) + salmeterol/fluticasone propionate FDC (50/500 µg b.i.d.) in patients with moderate to severe COPD
 Efficacy of olodaterol once daily (QD) via respimat in GOLD 2/3 COPD patients not receiving background therapy: pooled data from 48-week studies;  PURPOSE: The efficacy of olodaterol 5 μg QD versus placebo has been demonstrated in a broad COPD population with moderate to very severe disease receiving background of usual‐care COPD therapies. A post hoc pooled analysis was conducted to evaluate the efficacy of olodaterol in a subgroup of patients with moderate to severe disease (GOLD 2‐3) who were not receiving background maintenance bronchodilator therapies (trial conditions more closely corresponding to traditional COPD bronchodilator studies). METHODS: Four randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, parallel‐group studies (NCT00782210; NCT00782509; NCT00793624; NCT00796653) investigated olodaterol 5 or 10 μg QD via Respimat® versus placebo for 48 weeks, with patients allowed to continue their usual COPD care during the trial, including SAMA, LAMA, ICS, and xanthines. Data from a subgroup of GOLD 2 or 3 patients not receiving SAMA, LAMA, xanthines, or beta‐blockers as maintenance therapy during the study was pooled for analysis. RESULTS: Of the 3104 patients from the total pooled study populations, 1127 were included in the subgroup. A higher treatment response to olodaterol 5 μg versus placebo over 48 weeks was observed in the subgroup compared to the full analysis set (FAS). Mean difference from placebo for FEV1 AUC0‐3 response was 0.186 L in the subgroup compared to 0.161 L in the FAS. Mean trough FEV1 response (versus placebo) was 0.101 L in the subgroup compared to 0.071 L in the FAS. Within the subgroup, both FEV1 AUC0‐3 and trough FEV1 responses were higher in GOLD 2 (0.197 and 0.121 L, respectively) compared to GOLD 3 patients (0.161 and 0.064 L, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: The magnitude of bronchodilator response to olodaterol is influenced by baseline disease severity and background concomitant therapies.
 Additional bronchodilation by ensifentrine, a dual PDE3/4 inhibitor, when combined with a LAMA/LABA in patients with moderate to severe COPD;  Ensifentrine (RPL554) is a first‐in‐class, inhaled dual inhibitor of the enzymes PDE 3 and 4 with bronchodilator and anti‐inflammatory actions in a single compound. Previously, nebulised ensifentrine delivered clinically meaningful and significant improvements in lung function and symptoms in patients with COPD. To demonstrate the potential additional bronchodilatory effect of ensifentrine on top of a LAMA/LABA, twice daily nebulized ensifentrine or placebo were added to once daily tiotropium/olodaterol in patients with moderate to severe COPD (NCT03673670). Twice daily nebulized ensifentrine (1.5mg and 6.0mg) or placebo added on to tiotropium/olodaterol was studied in a 3‐day randomized, double‐blind, three‐way crossover study in male and female adults with moderate to severe COPD. Patients demonstrated postbronchodilator FEV1/FVC ratio ≤0.70, FEV1≥30% and ≤70% predicted and ≥150mL increase from pre‐bronchodilator FEV1 (following albuterol and ipratropium), and were washed out of COPD treatments (except stable ICS). The primary endpoint was peak FEV1 (0‐4 hrs) after the day 3 morning dose. Secondary endpoints included lung function, residual volume (RV), pharmacokinetics, safety and tolerability. Post‐hoc analyses evaluated patients with >100mL improvement in FEV1. Seventy‐nine patients were randomized (38% male, 83.5% white/Caucasian, 53% current smokers, mean age 62.7 years). Seventy‐four patients were included in the full analysis, with 28% on concomitant ICS. Compared to placebo, neither ensifentrine dose provided statistically significant improvements in peak FEV1 (0‐4 hours) on Day 3. However, peak FEV1 after evening dose on Day 3 showed significant improvement over placebo with both doses (1.5mg: 130mL, p<0.001; 6.0mg: 81mL, p=0.002). A significant reduction in RV with ensifentrine added on to tiotropium/olodaterol was observed following Day 3 morning and evening dose of 1.5mg (‐138mL, p=0.037;‐259mL, p=0.002) and evening dose of 6.0mg (142mL, p=0.036). 44% and 28% of patients improved >100mL in average AUC (0‐4 hours) with 1.5mg and 6.0mg doses, respectively. Ensifentrine was well tolerated with an adverse event profile similar to placebo. Ensifentrine produced additional, meaningful bronchodilation when added to a LAMA/LABA with a safety and tolerability profile comparable to placebo. Improvements in lung function and lung volumes over daytime and night‐time dosing periods may be clinically meaningful in patients on maximal LAMA/LABA therapy (including 28% on triple LAMA/LABA/ICS therapy) over a 24‐hour interval, although the primary endpoint was not met. Importantly, a large proportion of patients demonstrated >100mL improvement in average FEV1 over 4 hours with ensifentrine added to tiotropium/olodaterol‐a clinically meaningful additional bronchodilator response when used in combination with dual and triple therapy.
 Description of the Ability to Learn How to Handle Inhaler Devices in COPD;  The correct use of inhaler devices is an inclusion criterion in COPD clinical trials. In real life, patients may make many errors using their own inhaler device, which may alter the positive effects observed in clinical trials. The main objective of this study is to describe the handling of inhaler devices (indacaterol‐glycopyrronium Breezhaler®, tiotropium Respimat® and salmeterol‐fluticasone Diskus®) in patients with COPD. All participants will receive each of the three treatments (Seretide® Diskus® 500/550 μg, Ultibro® Breezhaler® 110/50 μg and Spiriva® Respimat® 2,5 μg). Each treatment will be given daily for one week, followed by a 7‐day washout period. On day 1 of each treatment period, the patient will have clinical examination, lung function testing (FEV1) and 2 video recordings: ‐ Video recording #1: inhalation (one puff) without any instruction of use, ‐ Video recording #2: inhalation (one puff) after reading the patient information leaflet. At the end of the visit, the patient will watch a standardized video demonstrating correct inhaler technique. On day 7 of each treatment period, the patient will have clinical examination, lung function testing (FEV1) and 1 video recording of inhaler device use (one puff). 30 days after the last visit, the patient will have a phone contact to collect the adverse events.
 Evaluating the pharmacokinetics of beclometasone dipropionate/formoterol fumarate/glycopyrronium bromide delivered via pressurised metered-dose inhaler using a low global warming potential propellant;  INTRODUCTION: Use of propellants with high global warming potential (such as HFA‐134a) for pressurised metered‐dose inhalers (pMDIs) is being phased down. Switching to dry‐powder inhalers may not be clinically feasible for all patients; an alternative is reformulation using propellants with low global warming potential. The combination of beclometasone dipropionate/formoterol fumarate/glycopyrronium bromide (BDP/FF/GB) is available for asthma or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease via pMDI using HFA‐134a as propellant. This is being reformulated using the low global warming potential propellant HFA‐152a. This manuscript reports three studies comparing BDP/FF/GB pharmacokinetics delivered via pMDI using HFA‐152a vs HFA‐134a. METHODS: The studies were four‐way crossover, single‐dose, randomised, double‐blind, in healthy volunteers. In Studies 1 and 2, subjects inhaled four puffs of BDP/FF/GB (Study 1: 100/6/12.5 μg [medium‐strength BDP]; Study 2: 200/6/12.5 μg [high‐strength]), ingesting activated charcoal in two of the periods (once per propellant). In Study 3, subjects inhaled medium‐ and high‐strength BDP/FF/GB using a spacer. All three studies compared HFA‐152a vs HFA‐134a in terms of lung availability and total systemic exposure of beclometasone‐17‐monopropionate (B17MP; active metabolite of BDP), BDP, formoterol and GB. Bioequivalence was concluded if the 90 % confidence intervals (CIs) of the ratios between formulations of the geometric mean maximum plasma concentration (Cmax) and area under the plasma concentration‐time curve between time zero and the last quantifiable timepoint (AUC0‐t) for the analytes were between 80 and 125 %. RESULTS: In Studies 1 and 2, systemic exposure bioequivalence (i.e., comparisons without charcoal block) was demonstrated, except for GB Cmax in Study 2 (upper 90 % CI 125.11 %). For lung availability (i.e., comparisons with charcoal block), B17MP and formoterol demonstrated bioequivalence in both studies, as did BDP in Study 2; in Study 1, BDP upper CIs were 126.96 % for Cmax and 127.34 % for AUC0‐t). In Study 1, GB AUC0‐t lower CI was 74.54 %; in Study 2 upper limits were 135.64 % for Cmax and 129.12 % for AUC0‐t. In Study 3, the bioequivalence criteria were met for BDP, B17MP and formoterol with both BDP/FF/GB strengths, and were met for GB AUC0‐t, although not for Cmax. Both formulations were similarly well tolerated in all three studies. CONCLUSIONS: Overall, while formal bioequivalence cannot be concluded for all analytes, these data suggest therapeutic equivalence of the new formulation with the existing BDP/FF/GB pMDI formulation, therefore supporting reformulation using a propellant with low global warming potential.
 Prospective Cohort Study for the Real - Life Effectiveness Evaluation of GlycOpyrronium With IndacatERol Combination in the Management of COPD in Canada (POWER Study);  This is a single cohort, prospective post approval study conducted on patients with COPD in Canada. The study will enroll patients that have not responded to their current treatment of tiotropium alone, or who are on the fixed dose combinations fluticasone propionate/salmeterol. Only patients for whom the physician has decided to change treatment due to lack of efficacy will be eligible to be enrolled in the study. Also will evaluate the real‐life effectiveness of QVA149 (indacaterol 110 mcg/glycopyrronium 50 mcg) in the management of patients.
 DB2116134: a randomized, multi-center, double-blind, double-dummy, parallel group study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of umeclidinium/vilanterol compared with fluticasone propionate/salmeterol over 12 weeks in subjects with COPD;  INTERVENTION: Treatment with umeclidinium/vilanterol or Seretide. CONDITION: ; COPD 10038716 PRIMARY OUTCOME: 24‐hour weighted‐mean FEV1 on Treatment Day 84.; SECONDARY OUTCOME: Trough FEV1 on day 85, adverse events. ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: * COPD patients *40 years of age (see protocol page 23 for details). * (Ex) smokers, at least 10 pack years. * Pre and post salbutamol FEV1/FVC ratio <70%. * Post salbutamol FEV1 *30% and *70% of predicted. * A score of at least 2 on the Modified Medical Research Council Dyspnea Scale. * Safe contraception for women of childbearing potential.
 A Study to Compare Fluticasone /Formoterol Breath Actuated Inhaler (BAI) and Ultibro in Subjects With Fixed Airflow Obstruction and Elevated Eosinophils;  The purpose of this study is to investigate whether fluticasone/formoterol Breath actuated inhaler is effective and well tolerated in the treatment of subjects with fixed airflow obstruction and elevated eosinophils.
 The IMPACT trial: single inhaler triple therapy fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol versus fluticasone furoate/vilanterol and umeclidinium/vilanterol in patients with COPD: results on cardiovascular safety;  Rationale: IMPACT (N = 10,355), a 52‐week, randomized, double‐blind, multicenter study compared the efficacy and safety of fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) 100/62.5/25μ g with FF/VI 100/25μ g and UMEC/VI 62.5/25μ g in patients ≥40 years of age with symptomatic COPD and a history of exacerbations. Eligibility criteria were more permissive for concurrent cardiovascular (CV) disease/risk allowing for assessment of safety in a population more representative of clinical practice. Methods: On‐treatment safety assessments included incidence of CV adverse events of special interest (AESI; prespecified AEs associated with ICS, LAMA, LABA), time‐to‐first (TTF) CV AESI and TTF CV AESI resulting in hospitalization/prolonged hospitalization or death, and incidence of major adverse cardiac events (MACE). Time‐to‐first analyses were conducted using a Cox proportional hazards model with covariates of treatment group and geographical region. Broad MACE included adjudicated CV deaths, non‐fatal central nervous system (CNS) haemorrhages and cerebrovascular conditions, non‐fatal myocardial infarction (MI) and non‐fatal other ischaemic heart disease. Narrow MACE included adjudicated CV deaths, non‐fatal CNS haemorrhages and cerebrovascular conditions and, non‐fatal MI and acute MI. Results: At baseline, 16% of subjects reported a current cardiac disorder and 68% had ≥ 1 CV risk factor, 40% reporting ≥ 2. CVAESI incidence was 11%, 10%, 11% for FF/UMEC/VI, FF/VI, UMEC/VI, respectively. There was no statistical difference in TTF CV AESI for FF/UMEC/VI vs FF/VI (HR: 0.98, 95% CI: 0.85, 1.11; p=0.711) or vs UMEC/VI (HR: 0.92, 95% CI: 0.78, 1.08; p=0.317) (Figure). CVAESI leading to hospitalization/prolonged hospitalization or death was 4%, 3%, 3% for FF/UMEC/VI, FF/VI and UMEC/VI respectively. There was no statistical difference in the TTF CV AESI leading to hospitalization/prolonged hospitalization or death for FF/UMEC/VI vs FF/VI (HR: 1.19, 95% CI: 0.93, 1.51; p=0.167) or vs UMEC/VI (HR: 0.96, 95% CI: 0.72, 1.27; p=0.760). Narrow MACE was 2%, 1%, 2% for FF/UMEC/VI, FF/VI and UMEC/VI, respectively, with no consistent pattern between individual MACE categories. The MACE exposure‐adjusted rate was 22.3, 18.8, and 22.4 per 1000 subject‐years for FF/UMEC/VI, FF/VI, and UMEC/VI, respectively. Results for broad MACE were similar. Conclusions: In a COPD population with a high rate of CV disease/risk, the incidence and risk of CV AESI and MACE events were low and without a consistent pattern across treatment groups with any differences likely due to the small number of events versus a drug effect. These results for FF/UMEC/VI are consistent with the extensive CV safety database from FF/VI, UMEC/VI, and UMEC.
 Ethnic Sensitivity Study of the Extrafine, Single-Inhaler, Triple Therapy Beclomethasone Dipropionate, Formoterol Fumarate, and Glycopyrronium Bromide Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler in Japanese and Caucasian Healthy Individuals: a Randomized, Double-Blind, Single-Dose Crossover Study;  Purpose: A number of single‐inhaler, fixed‐dose, triple combinations are available for the management of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and/or asthma. One of these is the extrafine formulation beclomethasone dipropionate, formoterol fumarate, glycopyrronium bromide (BDP/FF/GB). Given that differences in ethnicity can result in differences in systemic exposure, we evaluated the relative pharmacokinetic (PK) profiles of BDP/FF/GB in Japanese vs Caucasian healthy volunteers to assess the need for dose adjustment. Methods: This randomized, double‐blind, single‐dose, 4‐way crossover study recruited healthy men and women 20 to 55 years of age; for each Japanese person a Caucasian was enrolled who matched in terms of sex, age, and weight. Study treatments included BDP/FF/GB 200/12/25 and 400/12/25 ?g (therapeutic), 800/48/100 ?g (supratherapeutic), and placebo. PK blood samples were taken up to 24 hours for evaluation of BDP, beclomethasone 17‐monopropionate (B17MP, an active metabolite of BDP), and formoterol and up to 48 h for GB. The primary objective was to characterize the PK profiles of BDP, FF, and GB after administration of a single dose of BDP/FF/GB in Caucasian and Japanese healthy volunteers in terms of the AUC0?t and Cmax of B17MP, formoterol, and GB. Findings: Of the 32 recruited participants (16 Japanese and 16 Caucasian ), 30 completed the study. A clear plasma exposure dose‐response relationship was found for all 4 molecules. B17MP Cmax geometric mean ratios for Japanese vs Caucasian participants for the 3 study treatments ranged from 1.17 to 1.26, and AUC0?t ratios ranged from 1.16 to 1.22; thus, the findings were comparable between the ethnicities. Formoterol exposure was higher in Japanese than Caucasian participants (Cmax, 1.22?1.53; AUC0?t, 1.23?1.40). The GB Cmax with BDP/FF/GB 400/12/25 ?g (1.09) and AUC0?t values for all three doses (0.98?1.17) were comparable in the 2 populations, but Cmax with 200/12/25 and 800/48/100 ?g were higher in Japanese participants (1.32 and 1.42, respectively). Pharmacodynamic (cortisol, potassium, glucose, blood pressure, heart rate, and QT interval with the Fridericia correction) and safety profile results were similar in the 2 ethnicities, with most patients not experiencing any adverse events. Implications: Exposure to BDP/FF/GB pressurized metered dose inhaler at therapeutic and supratherapeutic doses was associated with higher plasma levels in Japanese versus Caucasian healthy volunteers. These PK differences did not translate into meaningful differences in the safety or pharmacodynamic parameters assessed in this study and were consistent with the results of other long‐term (52‐week) published studies. Dose adjustments in Japanese people are not deemed necessary. ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT03859414.
 An investigation into how adding an inhaled steroid to COPD treatment may potentially protect against heart disease;  INTERVENTION: COPD CardioProtect is an exploratory, single‐centre, laboratory‐blind, randomised controlled cross‐over trial of inhaled trial IMP on platelet reactivity and function in patients with COPD. The trial will compare the trial IMP is Budesonide 160 micrograms, Glycopyrronium bromide 9 micrograms and Formoterol fumarate dihydrate 5 micrograms in the Aerosphere device to be taken 2 inhalations twice daily [BUD/GLY/FORM also known as Trixeo Aerosphere] with the comparator medication of inhaled Glycopyrronium bromide 9 micrograms and Formoterol fumarate dihydrate 5 micrograms in the Aerosphere device to be taken 2 inhalations twice daily [GLY/FORM also known as Bevespi Aerosphere]. All participants will be issued with a SABA reliever [Salamol CFC‐Free pMDI: Salbutamol sulfate 100 microgams] alongside their allocated study treatment to be taken 1‐2 inhalations as required for relief of symptoms related to bronchospasm in COPD, up to a maximum of 8 inhalations in 24‐hours. All participants will receive both trial IMP and comparator medications during the trial. The order of treatments will be randomly allocated using an online tool embedded within the study database in a 1:1 ratio as follows: A) GLY/FORM (run‐in) for 4 weeks; BUD/GLY/FORM (Phase 1) for 4 weeks; GLY/FORM (wash‐out) for 4 weeks; GLY/FORM (Phase 2) for 4 weeks B) GLY/FORM (run‐in) for 4 weeks, GLY/FORM (Phase 1) for 4 weeks, GLY/FORM (wash‐out) for 4 weeks, BUD/GLY/FORM (Phase 2) for 4 weeks The trial will recruit 40 participants with COPD from a single centre with each participant remaining in the trial for 16 weeks. There are no follow up visits. CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Airways Disease [COPD] ; Respiratory PRIMARY OUTCOME: Change in platelet activation measured by P‐selectin expression (unstimulated and following stimulation with escalating concentrations of ADP and collagen) using FACs analysis following treatment with inhaled BUD/GLY/FORM compared with inhaled GLY/FORM measured at 16 weeks. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Measured at 16 weeks:; 1. Platelet‐Monocyte Aggregate formation and platelet fibrinogen binding (unstimulated and following stimulation with escalating concentrations of ADP and collagen) following treatment with inhaled BUD/GLY/FORM compared with inhaled GLY/FORM.; All other platelet markers/assays (below) will be evaluated before and after treatment with inhaled BUD/GLY/FORM compared with inhaled GLY/FORM. ; 2. Platelet‐leucocyte interactions will be analysed using FACs: Whole blood will be stained with antibodies for CD45 for all white blood cells or CD14 (Monocytes) and CD16 (Neutrophils). CD41 will be used to identify platelets within these different populations to identify Platelet leucocyte aggregates. This will be completed in duplicate.; 3. Additional markers of Platelet activity will be assessed using the following assays:; 3.1. FACs: Platelet integrin IIb3 activation to escalating doses of different agonists (collagen and ADP) will be completed, in duplicate.; 3.2. Platelet aggregation: Platelet responses to escalating doses of different agonists (collagen and ADP) will be completed. ; 3.3. Platelet spreading: This technique demonstrates how well platelets adhere and activate on various matri Xproteins (fibrinogen, and collagen). These proteins are either within the thrombus (fibrinogen) or within the extracellular matri X(collagen). ; 3.4. Seahorse Analyser (Metabolism): This process identifies how platelets use energy via glycolysis and oxidative phosphorylation in both basal conditions and after stimulation with platelet agonists such as Thrombin and collagen.; 4. Additional clinical outcome measures will include:; 4.1. Spirometry (FEV‐1, FVC, FEV‐1/FVC ratio); 4.2. CAT score; 4.3. Cardiac biomarkers – high sensitivity troponin T, nt‐proBNP; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Males and females aged =40 years old 2. Primary respiratory diagnosis of COPD 3. FEV‐1 <80% predicted and FEV‐1/FVC <0.7 at screening 4. Current or former smoker with at least 10 pack year smoking history 5. Able to demonstrate adequate inhaler technique with a pMDI inhaler and willing to take study medications as instructed 6. =2 moderate and/or =1 severe exacerbation of COPD (AECOPD) within the 12 months prior to recruitment* 7. Willing to undertake study procedures and assessments 8. Provided written informed consent * A moderate exacerbation is classified as an AECOPD treated with oral antibiotics and/or corticosteroids without ED attendance and/or hospitalisation. A severe AECOPD is one that requires ED attendance and/or hospitalisation
 Effects of symbicort on sleep quality in patients with emphysema;  Rationale: Patients with emphysema have poor sleep quality, a component of which may be related to their bronchodilator medications. We hypothesized that Symbicort, a combination of formoterol and budesonide, when taken daily for 28 days would not worsen sleep quality in patient with GOLD stage 2 and 3 emphysema, possibly by improving nocturnal oxygenation and respiratory mechanics during sleep. Methods: Twenty‐three patients (11 males, 57±7 years, BMI 26±6 kg/m2) with GOLD stage 2 and 3 emphysema (FEV 1.3±0.6 L, FEV 1 1 46±16%), were enrolled and completed the study. Patients were randomized to Symbicort 160/4.5 twice a day and tiotropium 18 μg daily, or placebo and tiotropium 18 μg daily for 28 days. All the patients underwent an acquaintance night PSG followed by a baseline PSG and a final one at 28 days. Prior to the baseline and final PSGs, patients completed an Epworth sleepiness score (ESS), and Pittsburgh sleep quality index (PSQI). In addition, patients performed spirometry at night prior to the PSGs. Results: Ten patients were randomized to Symbicort (6 males, 59±6 years, BMI 25±5 kg/m2) and 13 patients received placebo (5 males, 55±7 years old, BMI 27±6 kg/m2), with no significant difference between the 2 groups. After 28 days of treatment, there was a significant improvement in the FEV1 in the Symbicort group (1±0.7 to 1.3±0.8 or 29±34% change, p<0.05) but not in the placebo arm (1.2±0.4 to 1.2±0.4 or ‐2±17% change, p>0.05). Sleep efficiency and total sleep time did not change in the Symbicort group (79±12% to 81±17%, and 309±46 min to 313±69 min) and placebo group (80±12% to 81±10% and 313±51min to 324±39 min), with no difference between the 2 groups (p=0.8 and p=0.8). The arousal index did not worsen with Symbicort therapy (14±15 events/hour to 16±11 events/hour) similar to the placebo group (12±9 events/hour to 17±9 events/hour), with no difference between the 2 groups (p=0.4). Sleep architecture and the mean and lowest oxygen saturation during the night did not change with Symbicort therapy or placebo, and were similar between the two groups (p=0.3). Subjectively, there was no change in the PSQI and ESS in the Symbicort group (8±3 to 8±4, p=0.5; and 6±3 to 6±4, p=0.6) and the placebo group (9±3 to 10±4, p=0.2; and 9±5 to 10±4, p=0.07). Conclusion: Patients with GOLD stage 2 and 3 emphysema show an improvement in their pulmonary function with the use of Symbicort while preserving sleep quality and architecture.
 Estudio multicéntrico, aleatorizado, ciego, doble simulación, con control placebo, tres periodos, cruzado, para evaluar el efecto del QVA149 (110/50 µg o.d.) en la resistencia al ejercicio en pacientes con enfermedad pulmonar obstructiva crónica (EPOC) moderada a severa, utilizando tiotropio como control activo;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: Indacaterol maleate/Glycopyrronium bromide Product Code: QVA149 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, hard capsule INN or Proposed INN: GLYCOPYRRONIUM BROMIDE CAS Number: 596510 Other descriptive name: Glycopyrrolate Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ INN or Proposed INN: INDACATEROL CAS Number: 312753‐06‐3 Other descriptive name: Indacaterol Maleate Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 110‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, hard capsule Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Trade Name: SPIRIVA® administrado mediante Handihaler Product Name: Tiotropium, administrado mediante Handihaler® Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, hard capsule INN or Proposed INN: Tiotropium Bromide CAS Number: 139404481 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 18‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, hard capsule Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use CONDITION: Enfermedad Pulmonar Obstructiva Crónica (EPOC) ; MedDRA version: 12.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10010952 Term: COPD PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: Determinar el efecto del QVA149 110/50 µg comparado con placebo de QVA149 inhalado una vez al día sobre la tolerancia al ejercicio medido como el tiempo de resistencia al ejercicio durante una ergometría de ciclo de carga constante submáxima (SMETT) después de tres semanas de tratamiento. Primary end point(s): Eficacia del QVA149 110/50 µg comparado con placebo inhalado una vez al día sobre la tolerancia al ejercicio medido como el tiempo de resistencia al ejercicio durante una ergometría de ciclo de carga constante submáxima (SMETT) después de tres semanas de tratamiento. Secondary Objective: ‐Determinar el efecto de QVA149 110/50 µg una vez al día en comparación con placebo sobre la capacidad inspiratoria en isotiempo durante la SMETT después de tres semanas de tratamiento.; ‐Determinar el efecto de QVA149 110/50 µg una vez al día comparado con placebo sobre la capacidad inspiratoria mínima (IC) (es decir, 24 h después de la dosis) después de tres semanas de tratamiento.; ‐Determinar el efecto de QVA149 110/50 µg una vez al día comparado con placebo sobre la FEV1 en concentración mínima (es decir, 24 h después de la dosis) después de tres semanas de tratamiento. ; ‐Determinar el efecto de QVA149 110/50 µg una vez al día comparado con placebo en las pruebas funcionales pulmonares el día 1 y el día 21 a los 5 minutos y a los 15 minutos tras la dosis determinada por pletismografía corporal.; ‐Evaluar los efectos de QVA149 110/50 µg una vez al día en comparación con placebo en la espirometría después de tres semanas de tratamiento. INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1.Hombres o mujeres adultos de edad 40 años (en la visita 1), que hayan firmado un Documento de Consentimiento Informado antes del inicio de cualquier procedimiento relacionado con el estudio. 2.Pacientes con EPOC estable moderada a grave (Estadio II o Estadio III) según las Guías GOLD de 2009 3.Fumadores o ex fumadores con antecedentes de consumo de tabaco de al menos 10 paquetes‐años. (Diez paquetes‐años se define como 20 cigarrillos al día durante 10 años o 10 cigarrillos al día durante 20 años, etc.) 4.Pacientes con un FEV1 postbroncodilatador* 40% y <70% del valor normal predicho y FEV1/FVC postbroncodilatador < 0,7 en la visita 2. *["Post" hace referencia a una hora después de la inhalación secuencial del equivalente de 84 µg (desde la válvula) o 17 µg (desde la boquilla) de bromuro de ipratropio y 400 µg (desde la válvula) de base de salbutamol)] Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults
 A 12 Week Study of QVA149 Compared to Fluticasone/Salmeterol (Advair) for Treatment of COPD;  Study is to show that QVA149 is superior to the standard of care, fluticasone/salmeterol, in patients with moderate to severe airflow limitation.
 A 12 Week Study of QVA149 Compared to Fluticasone/Salmeterol (Advair) for Treatment of COPD;  Study is to show that QVA149 is superior to the standard of care, fluticasone/salmeterol, in patients with moderate to severe airflow limitation
 Reduction in the risk of all-cause mortality with fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol compared to umeclidinium/vilanterol in IMPACT including previously missing or censored vital status data;  Rationale: The IMPACT trial (NCT02164513, CTT116855), demonstrated a statistically significant and clinically relevant reduction in the risk of on‐treatment all‐cause‐mortality (ACM), and in ACM including off‐treatment data in the Intention‐to‐Treat (ITT) population, comparing FF/UMEC/VI with UMEC/VI. However, 574 subjects (5.5%) were censored from the original analysis including off‐treatment data because of incomplete vital status information at Week 52, suggesting that the mortality reduction finding could be fragile. We now report the findings of ACM following collection of additional vital status data from the trial. Methods: IMPACT (N=10,355) was a 52‐week phase III, randomized, double‐blind, parallel group, multicenter trial in 37 countries that compared the efficacy, safety and tolerability of single‐inhaler ICS/LAMA/LABA triple therapy (FF/UMEC/VI) versus ICS/LABA (FF/VI) or LABA/LAMA (UMEC/VI) dual therapy. Subjects were randomized in a 2:2:1 fashion to these arms. Time to ACM was a prespecified endpoint. Additional vital status data collection and subsequent analyses were performed post‐hoc. Results: The IMPACT trial demonstrated a 42.1% reduction in the risk of on‐treatment ACM (95% CI: 11.9, 61.9; p=0.011), and a 28.6% reduction in the risk of ACM (95% CI: 1.0, 48.6; p=0.043) including off‐treatment data, in the Intention‐to‐Treat (ITT) population, comparing FF/UMEC/VI with UMEC/VI. The initial analyses censored 574 subjects (5.5%) from the ITT, as previously reported. Additional data collection now provides data for 99.6% of the population (42 subjects censored). The on‐treatment findings are not affected by this data collection and these analyses. Twenty‐seven additional off‐treatment deaths were identified in the post‐hoc collection of vital status information and included in the analyses. There were 98 deaths (2.36%) on FF/UMEC/VI, 109 (2.64%) on FF/VI and 66 (3.19%) on UMEC/VI. For patients randomized to FF/UMEC/VI, the hazard ratio (HR) for death was 0.89 (11% reduction; 95% CI 0.67, 1.16; p=0.387) compared to FF/VI, and 0.72 (27.7% reduction; 95% CI 0.53, 0.99; p=0.042) compared to UMEC/VI, using a Cox proportional hazards model (Figure). Sensitivity analyses supported the findings. Conclusions: Once‐daily single‐inhaler triple therapy with FF/UMEC/VI reduced the risk of all‐cause‐mortality compared to UMEC/VI in a large patient population with symptomatic COPD and a history of exacerbations. These results confirm the robustness of the originally reported findings.
 Impact of smoking status on improvements in lung function with umeclidinium/vilanterol vs fluticasone propionate/salmeterol in patients with COPD;  Rationale: US primary care physicians commonly prescribe an ICS/LABA for COPD patients who smoke, presumably because the ICS may help treat inflammation triggered by smoking. However, there is also evidence suggesting the efficacy of an ICS is diminished by smoking [Respir Med 2012;106(3):319‐28]. We compared the efficacy and safety of the LAMA/LABA umeclidinium/vilanterol (UMEC/VI) vs the ICS/LABA fluticasone propionate/salmeterol (FP/SAL) in current and former smokers. Methods: This was a post‐hoc pooled analysis of two 12‐week, multicenter, randomized, double‐blind, double‐dummy, parallel studies comparing UMEC/VI 62.5/25 mcg administered daily via the ELLIPTA inhaler and twice‐daily FP/SAL 250/50 mcg administered via the DISKUS inhaler [NCT01817764, NCT01879410 ‐ primary data published in Respir Med 2015;109(7):870‐81]. We evaluated lung function at week‐12 using the 24‐hour weighted mean (wm) FEV1 in current and former smokers with COPD. Analysis of 24‐hour wm FEV1 was conducted on the intention‐to‐treat population at Day 84. 24‐hour wm FEV1 was calculated from the pre‐dose and post‐dose spirometry measurements at 5 and 15 minutes and 1, 3, 6, 9, 12, 13, 15, 18, 23, 24 hours after the AM dose. Change from baseline trough was analyzed using an ANCOVA model with covariates of study, baseline FEV1 and treatment. Results: 702 patients received UMEC/VI (48.1% current smokers) and 701 patients received FP/SAL (46.9% current smokers). UMEC/VI and FP/SAL treatments resulted in improved lung function at Day 84 compared to baseline in both the current and former smoker subgroups (Table). UMEC/VI provided a significantly greater improvement from baseline than FP/SAL in both subgroups, with this between‐treatment mean difference being more pronounced in current smokers compared with former smokers (101 ml vs 75 ml, respectively; Table). Adverse events (AEs) occurred in 27% and 29% of current smokers with UMEC/VI and FP/SAL, respectively. 29% of former smokers experienced AEs with both treatments. The most common AEs for both treatments were headache in current smokers (7%); headache (5‐7%) and viral upper respiratory tract infection (3‐4%) in former smokers. In former smokers pneumonia occurred 0.8% (n=3/372) in the FP/SAL subgroup and 0.5% (n=2/364) with UMEC/VI. In current smokers the pneumonia occurrence was 1.5% (n=5/329) in the FP/SAL subgroup and 0.3% (n=1/338) with UMEC/VI treatment. Conclusions: Both treatments were well tolerated in current and former smokers with COPD. UMEC/VI provided greater improvement in lung function vs FP/SAL 250/50 mcg regardless of smoking status.
 QVA vs. Salmeterol/Fluticasone, 52-week Exacerbation Study, FLAME (EFfect of Indacaterol Glycopyronium Vs Fluticasone Salmeterol on COPD Exacerbations);  This study will assess the efficacy, safety and tolerability of QVA149 in patients with moderate to very severe COPD.
 TESRA (Treatment Of Emphysema With A Selective Retinoid Agonist) Study Results;  Palovarotene is an oral gamma‐selective retinoid agonist that reduces inflammation, promotes structural repair and functional improvement In animal models of emphysema. Study design: TESRA was a Phase 2, double‐blind, placebo (PL)‐controlled randomized, multicenter study, assessing the safety and efficacy of 5 mg/day palovarotene given for 2 years to 492 patients with smoke‐induced emphysema established by lung computed tomography and < 2 COPD exacerbations during the previous year. All patients were treated with tiotropium and a combination of ICS/LABA throughout the study. The primary outcome was FEV1 change at two years from baseline. Secondary outcomes were changes in lung density (15th percentile point), other lung functional and symptomatic endpoints. Study results: 160 and 329 patients (age 67, 33% female, 48% pred. FEV1) were randomly assigned to PL or palovarotene respectively. Both groups were well matched for all baseline characteristics. 71% and 70% of the patients completed 2 years of treatment with PL and palovarotene, respectively. Palovarotene was generally well tolerated, with the exception of mild mucocutaneous events (69% vs 38%). A 19% relative reduction in COPD exacerbations was observed with palovarotene (29%) versus PL (36%). Table below summarizes the main results in the intention to treat (ITT) population (n=489) and in two subgroups of patients based on their emphysema localization (lower lung emphysema n=224; lower lobe emphysema n=112). (Table presented) ∗ Treatment difference divided by SEM Placebo rates of decline were consistently larger in patients with lower lung emphysema. Palovarotene provided beneficial effects in patients with lower lobe emphysema on all endpoints except lung density. FEV1 Change from Baseline in Patients with Lower Lobe Conclusion:5mg/day palovarotene over 2 years did not show significant efficacy in the ITT population. However, on Conclusion top of optimal COPD therapy, in patients with lower lobe emphysema, palovarotene significantly reduced the decline in DLco and FEV1 that may be suggestive of a disease‐modifying effect.
 Tesra (treatment of emphysema with a selective retinoid agonist) study results;  Palovarotene is an oral gamma‐selective retinoid agonist that reduces inflammation, promotes structural repair and functional improvement In animal models of emphysema. Study design: TESRA was a Phase 2, double‐blind, placebo (PL)‐controlled randomized, multicenter study, assessing the safety and efficacy of 5 mg/day palovarotene given for 2 years to 492 patients with smoke‐induced emphysema established by lung computed tomography and < 2 COPD exacerbations during the previous year. All patients were treated with tiotropium and a combination of ICS/LABA throughout the study. The primary outcome was FEV1 change at two years from baseline. Secondary outcomes were changes in lung density (15th percentile point), other lung functional and symptomatic endpoints. Study results: 160 and 329 patients (age 67, 33% female, 48% pred. FEV1) were randomly assigned to PL or palovarotene respectively. Both groups were well matched for all baseline characteristics. 71% and 70% of the patients completed 2 years of treatment with PL and palovarotene, respectively. Palovarotene was generally well tolerated, with the exception of mild mucocutaneous events (69% vs 38%). A 19% relative reduction in COPD exacerbations was observed with palovarotene (29%) versus PL (36%). Table below summarizes the main results in the intention to treat (ITT) population (n=489) and in two subgroups of patients based on their emphysema localization (lower lung emphysema n=224; lower lobe emphysema n=112). (Table presented) ∗ Treatment difference divided by SEM Placebo rates of decline were consistently larger in patients with lower lung emphysema. Palovarotene provided beneficial effects in patients with lower lobe emphysema on all endpoints except lung density. FEV1 Change from Baseline in Patients with Lower Lobe Conclusion:5mg/day palovarotene over 2 years did not show significant efficacy in the ITT population. However, on Conclusion top of optimal COPD therapy, in patients with lower lobe emphysema, palovarotene significantly reduced the decline in DLco and FEV1 that may be suggestive of a disease‐modifying effect.
 Pharmacokinetic (PK) analysis of fluticasone furoate (FF), umeclidinium (UMEC) and vilanterol (VI) following triple therapy in healthy subjects;  Background: FF/UMEC/VI is a novel ICS/LAMA/LABA therapy. Dual therapies of FF/VI and UMEC/VI were recently approved for treatment of moderate‐severe COPD. Objective: Comparison of systemic exposure after co‐administration of FF, UMEC and VI in a single inhaler compared with the dual therapies FF/VI, UMEC/VI and FF/UMEC (all in ELLIPTA™ dry powder inhaler). Methods: In a double‐blind, single‐dose, 4‐way crossover study, healthy subjects (N=44) were randomised to 4 treatment sequences, each comprising 4 treatments (table) in different order. Systemic exposure of FF, UMEC and VI was assessed by PK sampling up to 48h post‐dose. Systemic pharmacodynamics (PD) and safety were also assessed. Results: Estimates of total systemic exposure (AUC(0‐t')) for FF, UMEC and VI were similar between FF/UMEC/VI and dual combinations (table). Differences in Cmax values for FF and VI across treatments were seen that are not considered clinically relevant. There were no PD or safety findings of clinical concern. Conclusions: FF/UMEC/VI delivered in a single inhaler achieved similar exposure to that seen with the dual therapies investigated. The safety and delivered lung dose of all three agents in a single inhaler are expected to be similar to corresponding dual therapies.
 Efficacy and safety of inhaled umeclidinium/vilanterol in COPD according to level of airflow limitation: a post hoc analysis;  Rationale: In‐vitro deposition data suggests the ELLIPTA dry‐powder inhaler (DPI) performance is independent of a subject's airflow limitation. We therefore aimed to benchmark the comparative efficacy of inhaled umeclidinium/vilanterol (UMEC/VI) given via the ELLIPTA DPI to other standard‐of‐care COPD treatments stratifying subjects by the severity of their airflow limitation. Methods: This was a post‐hoc intention‐to‐treat integrated analysis of seven doubleblind COPD clinical trials (NCT01316900, NCT01313650, NCT01316913, NCT01817764, NCT01879410, NCT02152605, and NCT01777334). Airflow limitation was defined per the Global initiative for chronic Obstructive Lung Disease (GOLD) 2018 report. We compared the change from baseline (CFB) trough FEV1 over 12 weeks with once‐daily UMEC/VI 62.5/25 mcg administered daily via the ELLIPTA (n=2237), twice‐daily fluticasone propionate/salmeterol (FP/SAL) 250/50 mcg administered via the Diskus DPI (n=700), once‐daily tiotropium 18 mcg administered via the Handihaler DPI (n=866), and placebo administered daily via the ELLIPTA (n=528), in COPD subjects with moderate (GOLD‐2) or severe/very severe (GOLD‐3 + GOLD‐4) airflow limitation. Analyses were performed for each airflow limitation severity group on Days 28, 56, and 84 using mixed model repeated measures for trough FEV1. The odds of a favorable lung function response (CFB trough FEV1 ≥100 mL) were assessed using a generalized linear mixed model and compared between the treatment regimens. Results: Clinically important improvements in trough FEV1 were observed with UMEC/VI in subjects with moderate (GOLD‐2) and severe/very severe (GOLD‐3 + GOLD‐4) airflow limitation. Significantly greater increases in responses and the higher percentages of subjects responding were consistently observed with UMEC/VI versus all three alternative treatment regimens (Table). The relative improvement in the percentage of subjects responding to UMEC/VI versus the alternative treatments was greater in the severe/very severe (GOLD‐3 + GOLD‐4) airflow limitation subgroup. Similar findings were seen at Day 28 and 56. The safety profiles of all medications were similar and consistent between the severity subgroups at 12 weeks. The most common AEs, regardless of severity subgroup or treatment, were headache (≤10% of patients) and viral upper respiratory tract infection (≤8% of patients). Conclusions: UMEC/VI ELLIPTA provided consistent benefits in lung function and was well tolerated in subjects with moderate (GOLD‐2) and severe/very severe (GOLD‐3 + GOLD‐4) airflow limitation compared with the alternative treatments studied in both severity subgroups. These data suggest that lung function response to UMEC/VI via the ELLIPTA DPI in COPD is independent of a subject's baseline airflow limitation.
 INTREPID: clinical effectiveness of once-daily single-inhaler fluticasonefuroate/umeclidinium/vilanterol versus multiple-inhaler triple therapy in usual clinicalpractice;  Rationale: In COPD use of multiple inhalers is associated with more errors and worse adherence than single‐inhalerregimens and could result in worse outcomes. Real‐world effectiveness data on single‐inhaler vs. multiple‐inhaler regimenson health status in COPD are lacking. Methods: INTREPID is a randomized, open‐label, phase IV study that evaluated the impact of single‐inhaler triple therapyvs. multiple‐inhaler triple therapy (MITT) on health status, measured using the COPD Assessment Test (CAT), over 24weeks in usual clinical care in five European countries who had continuously received non‐ELLIPTA maintenance therapy(MITT or dual therapy with documented clinical indication for step‐up to triple therapy) for ≥ 16 weeks prior torandomization, CAT score ≥ 10 and ≥ 1 moderate/severe exacerbation in the prior 3 years. Patients were randomized toFluticasonfuroat/Umeclidinium/Vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) 100/62.5/25 μg via ELLIPTA or any ICS+LAMA+LABA combination innon‐ELLIPTA devices by clinician's choice for 24 weeks. Primary endpoint was the proportion of CAT responders (≥ 2‐unitdecrease in score from baseline) at Week 24. Secondary endpoints in a subset were change from baseline in forcedexpiratory volume in 1 second (FEV ) and proportion of patients making ≥ 1 critical error in inhalation technique at 24weeks. Safety was evaluated descriptively. Results: The ITT‐population comprised 3092 patients (FF/UMEC/VI N = 1545; MITT N = 1547). The odds of being a CATresponder at Week 24 were statistically significantly greater with FF/UMEC/VI than MITT (odds ratio 1.31; p < 0.001). AtWeek 24 FF/UMEC/VI improved FEV change from baseline by 50 mL more than MITT (p < 0.001). In total 38/653FF/UMEC/VI‐treated patients (6%) and 7/230 MITT‐treated patients (3%) made ≥ 1 critical error in inhalation technique at Week 24 (p = 0.103). Safety profiles were similar between the cohorts, with no new safety findings. On‐randomizedtreatment pneumonia serious adverse events occurred in 26 (2%) and 30 (2%) patients in the FF/UMEC/VI and MITTcohorts, respectively. Conclusions: In usual clinical care, treatment with single‐inhaler FF/UMEC/VI results in significantly more patients withhealth status improvements and greater lung function benefit vs. MITT, with similar safety profiles.
 Umeclidinium/vilanterol (UMEC/VI) once daily (OD) vs fluticasone/salmeterol combination (FSC) twice daily (BD) in patients with moderate-to-severe COPD and infrequent COPD exacerbations;  Background: UMEC (a LAMA) plus VI (a LABA) is a new combination bronchodilator maintenance treatment for COPD. FSC is indicated as a maintenance therapy for COPD. Objective: To compare the efficacy and safety of UMEC/VI inhalation powder with FSC in pts with moderate‐to‐severe COPD and infrequent COPD exacerbations (none in previous year). Methods: A 12‐week, multicentre, double‐blind, parallel‐group, double‐dummy study. Pts (n=716) were randomised 1:1 to UMEC/VI 62.5/25mcg OD (via ELLIPTA™ device) or FSC 500/50μg BD (via DISKUS device™). Endpoints included: LS mean Δ from baseline (BL) in weighted mean (wm) FEV1 over 0‐24h post‐dose at Day 84 (primary); trough FEV1 at Day 84 (secondary); symptoms. Safety included AEs and vital signs. Results: UMEC/VI statistically significantly improved all lung function measures, including peak, onset and duration of effect vs FSC. Improvements with UMEC/VI vs FSC were 80mL (95%CI: 46,113) for 0‐24h wmFEV1 and 90mL (55,125) for trough FEV1 (both p<0.001). Both treatments demonstrated clinically meaningful improvements in dyspnoea (TDI focal score >1 unit) and quality of life (Δ from BL in SGRQ Total score >4 unit decrease) over 12 weeks. AEs (UMEC/VI, FSC): on‐treatment (28%,29%); drug‐related (2%,4%); on‐treatment SAEs (2%,<1%). Vitals signs: little Δ from BL with UMEC/VI or FSC. Deaths: 1 (UMEC/VI group; not drug related). Conclusions: UMEC/VI 62.5/25mcg OD over 12 weeks led to significant, sustained and clinically meaningful improvements in lung function vs FSC 500/50mcg BD in these pts. No new safety findings were reported.
 Once-daily QVA149 improves lung function and health status versus twice-daily salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) in symptomatic GOLD B and GOLD D COPD patients: LANTERN/ILLUMINATE pooled analysis;  Introduction: To further assess the efficacy of QVA149 compared with SFC in LANTERN and ILLUMINATE studies, we performed a pooled analysis of the overall data and also in the GOLD B and D patient (pt) subgroups. Methods: Data was pooled from two 26‐week (wk) double‐blind studies in symptomatic COPD pts randomised to QVA149 110/50μg od or SFC 50/500μg bid. Endpoints were FEV1 AUC0‐12h, peak FEV1, peak FVC, pre‐dose trough FEV1, pre‐dose trough FVC, TDI, SGRQ, rescue medication use and safety. Results: In total, 1263 pts were divided into GOLD B (n=809) and GOLD D (n=454) subgroups (GOLD 2014). QVA149 demonstrated statistically significant improvement in lung function vs. SFC (Table) at Wk 26. Changes from baseline in TDI and rescue medication use were statistically significant with QVA149 vs. SFC in overall population and in GOLD B (TDI only) and in GOLD D (rescue medication only) subgroups (Table). QVA149 also reduced exacerbations in the pooled analysis. Adverse events were similar between QVA149 (295) and SFC (335), with a lower incidence of pneumonia with QVA149 (14 vs 3). Conclusion: In this pooled analysis, QVA149 demonstrated better efficacy than SFC in overall population and in GOLD B and GOLD D patients in all lung function parameters tested. This supports the use of QVA149 over SFC in symptomatic patients with COPD. (Table Presented).
 Salvational Intervention for Reducing AECOPD Under Severe Air Pollution;  This is a multi‐center, prospective, randomized and standard treatment parallel control clinical trial. A total of 764 stable COPD patients with history of exacerbation according to GOLD will be recruited and equally divided into two parallel groups, salvational intervention group (SI group) and control group (CT group). The randomization is stratified by medical center and the random code is designed in a 1:1 ratio. The Department of Respiratory and Critical Care of Peking University First Hospital is responsible for this research. Other 10 units participating in the study include Peking University Shougang Hospital, People's Hospital of Beijing Daxing District, Beijing Jingmei Group General Hospital, Beijing Miyun Hospital, Beijing Changping Hospital, The Hospital of Shunyi District Beijing, Beijing Luhe Hospital Capital Medical University, Civil Aciation General Hospital, Beijing Jishuitan Hospital and Aerospace 731 Hospital. These 11 centers approximately cover area from urban to suburbs in Beijing. Inhaled tiotropium bromide(18ug), budesonide/formoterol（160ug/4.5ug）or tiotropium bromide(18ug)+ budesonide/formoterol （160ug/4.5ug）will be used as basic medicine. On the foundation of basic medicine, inhaled budesonide/formoterol（160ug/4.5ug）will be used as an intervention drug for patients in SI group. When air quality index (AQI) is above 200, they will temporary add one inhalation of budesonide/formoterol（160ug/4.5ug）twice a day until the third day after AQI drops below 200. CT group maintains the original treatment. Besides baseline, patients will be formally visited 4 or 5 times during this trial: before randomization (for those who need pharmacological washout) and every six months after randomization. Primary outcome is the frequency of AECOPD per year, which is defined as the frequency of AECOPD/the number of patients/year. Secondary outcomes include the number of unplanned outpatient visits, emergency medical visits, hospitalization, medical expense and mortality caused by AECOPD per year. The study protocol has been approved by the Peking University First Hospital Institutional Review Board (IRB) (2016[1032]). Any protocol modifications will be submitted for the IRB review and approval.
 QVA149 compared with salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) on exacerbations and its correlation with baseline blood eosinophils: a pooled analysis of LANTERN and ILLUMINATE;  Introduction: This pooled analysis compared the incidence of moderate or severe COPD exacerbations with QVA149 vs SFC. We also investigated if baseline blood eosinophil (EOS) count was a predictor of exacerbation risk, and magnitude of treatment effect on this risk. Methods: All patients (pts) from two 26‐week double‐blind studies were included in this analysis. 1263 moderate‐to‐severe COPD pts with ≤1 exacerbation in the previous year were randomised (1:1) to QVA149 or SFC. Results: In the overall pool, the rate of moderate or severe exacerbations was significantly lower with QVA149 vs SFC (RR [95% CI]: 0.67 [0.48‐0.94] ; p=0.021). There was a trend (p=0.08) towards increased exacerbation rate with increased baseline blood EOS count. In pts with baseline blood EOS count of <150/mm2 and 150300/ mm, QVA149 showed 45% and 43% reduction in the risk of exacerbations, respectively compared to SFC (Figure 1). In pts with >300/mm2 blood EOS at baseline (12% of study population), risk of exacerbations was lower with SFC. Conclusion: QVA 149 was more effective in reducing exacerbation risk in pts with baseline blood eosinophil <300/mm2 (88% of pool) and SFC in pts with >300/mm2 (12% of pool). These data suggest that baseline blood eosinophil count may be a useful biomarker in assessing potential benefit of QVA149 over SFC in reducing exacerbations in COPD patients. (Figure Presented).
 A trial looking at the use of bronchodilator and steroid inhalers for preventing flare ups of bronchiectasis;  INTERVENTION: Participants will be randomised to one of the three trial groups in a 2:2:1 ratio to receive either dual therapy (LAMA/LABA), triple therapy (ICS/LAMA/LABA) or placebo: 1. Anoro Ellipta dry powder inhaler (LAMA/LABA ‐ 55 micrograms umeclidinium and 22 micrograms vilanterol) 2. Trelegy Ellipta dry powder inhaler (ICS/LAMA/LABA ‐ 92 micrograms fluticasone furoate, 55 micrograms umeclidinium and 22 micrograms vilanterol) 3. Placebo (matched placebo dry powder inhaler) Participants will use the trial inhaler once a day for 12 months and will have four additional hospital visits over the 12 months. They will have a telephone call every month to check that they have received their replacement inhaler through the post and will be asked to complete an exacerbation diary each week for 12 months to record any bronchiectasis exacerbations. CONDITION: Bronchiectasis ; Respiratory ; Bronchiectasis PRIMARY OUTCOME: ; Primary outcome measure:; Number of bronchiectasis exacerbations requiring treatment with antibiotics during 12 month treatment period as measured using participant reports and completed weekly exacerbation diary; ; Primary economic outcome measure:; 1. Cost per QALY at 12 months: costs based on the cost of the interventions, use of health services via a Participant Cost questionnaire administered at 1, 6 and 12 months post‐randomisation and adverse events; 2. QALYs measured via the EQ‐5D‐5L at baseline, 1, 6 and 12 months post‐randomisation; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Adult patients with CT scan confirmed bronchiectasis and bronchiectasis is the predominant primary respiratory disease in the view of the investigator (CT images / CT reports must be available to complete radiological scoring for BSI) 2. History of 3 or more exacerbations in the preceding 12 months requiring antibiotics and/or steroids 3. Evidence of airflow limitation with an FEV1/FVC ratio less than 0.7 and/or daily mucus expectoration 4. Have less than 20 pack‐year history of smoking 5. Willing to have baseline treatment altered / ICS etc. stopped if already taking 6. Stable for 4 weeks prior to baseline 7. Stable dose of oral steroid for 4 weeks prior to baseline (only applicable for patients taking oral steroid as part of standard care) SECONDARY OUTCOME: ; 1. Number of hospital admissions for bronchiectasis exacerbations during 12 month treatment period, as measured using participant reports and completed weekly exacerbation diary and verified where possible by hospital discharge summary/HES data; 2. Time to first exacerbation of bronchiectasis as measured using participant reports/completed weekly exacerbation diary; 3. Number of emergency hospital admissions (all‐cause) as ascertained from primary care records at 1, 6 and 12 months visits and where needed; 4. Number of adverse events/drug reactions and cessation of treatment as reported by the participant to the research team or at 1, 6 and 12 months visits; 5. Health status measured using SGRQ (St Georges Respiratory questionnaire) and bronchiectasis specific quality of life measured using QOL‐B (quality of life ‐ bronchiectasis) at baseline, 1, 6 and 12 months visits; 6. Health‐related quality of life measured using EQ‐5D‐5L at baseline, 1, 3, 6 and 12 months visits; 7. Breathlessness measured using BDI (baseline dyspnoea index) at baseline; 8. Breathlessness measured using TDI (transition dyspnea index) at 1, 6 and 12 months visits; 9. Post bronchodilator lung function (LABA within 8 hours, short‐acting beta2 agonist within 2 hours) as measured by spirometry performed to ATS/ERS standards at baseline, 1, 6 and 12 month visits:; 9.1. Forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1); 9.2. Forced vital capacity (FVC); 10. All‐cause, respiratory and cardiac mortality measured using Office of National Statistics data at 12 months; 11. Incremental cost per exacerbation avoided measured using Patient Cost Questionnaire at baseline, 1, 6 and 12 months; 12. Costs to the NHS and patients and lifetime cost‐effectiveness based on extrapolation modelling at 12 months; 13. Rates of radiologically confirmed pneumonia, compared to participantâ€™s normal baseline measured by asking participants at 1, 6 and 12 months; ; Exploratory measures:; Eosinophil count measured as the number of cells per microliter of blood and categorised as low ‐ normal (0‐150/mm3) and normal ‐ high (>150/mm3) at baseline as both a single measure at that point and a median eosinophil level (median of last three available recordings when not on oral steroids);
 Pharmacokinetic (PK) analysis of fluticasone furoate (FF), umeclidinium (UMEC) and vilanterol (VI) following triple therapy at two UMEC doses in healthy subjects;  Background: FF/UMEC/VI is a novel ICS/LAMA/LABA therapy. Dual therapies of FF/VI and UMEC/VI were recently approved for treatment of moderate‐severe COPD. Objective: Comparison of systemic exposure after co‐administration of FF, UMEC and VI in a single device at two UMEC doses (250mcg or 500mcg), and vs the dual therapies FF/VI and UMEC/VI (all in ELLIPTA™ dry powder inhaler). Methods: In an open‐label, single‐dose, 4‐way crossover study, healthy subjects (N=44) were randomised to 4 treatment sequences, each comprising 4 treatments (table) in different order. Systemic exposure of FF, UMEC and VI was assessed by PK sampling up to 24h post‐dose. Results: Estimates of total systemic exposure (AUC(0‐t') and Cmax) for FF, UMEC and VI were similar between both UMEC dose combinations and across other comparisons (table). VI Cmax was slightly greater in FF/UMEC/VI vs UMEC/VI when UMEC was dosed at 250mcg, though this difference was not considered clinically relevant. Conclusions: FF/UMEC/VI in a single inhaler, at UMEC 250mcg or 500mcg, achieved dose‐proportional systemic exposure for UMEC and similar FF or VI exposure between doses. FF/UMEC/VI achieved similar exposure to dual therapies. The safety and delivered lung dose of all three agents in a single inhaler are expected to be similar to those in approved dual therapies.
 Efficacy of Fixed Combination of Beclometasone + Formoterol + Glycopyrrolate Versus Foster® in COPD;  This 52‐week randomised 2 parallel groups study aimed at evaluating the superiority of fixed triple therapy with ICS/LABA/LAMA compared to ICS/LABA in severe to very severe COPD patients. Patients' eligibility was checked during the screening visit including the review of medical history, spirometry assessments, routine labs, physical examination, 12‐lead ECG, vital signs measurement. This visit was followed by a 2‐week open‐label run‐in period under Foster® (BDP/FF 400/24 µg total daily dose). Eligible patients were then randomised to either fixed triple therapy BDP/FF/GB or BDP/FF. During the 52‐week treatment period, completing patients did have 5 subsequent visits post randomisation scheduled respectively after 4 (Visit 3), 12 (Visit 4), 26 (Visit 5), 40 (Visit 6) and 52 (Visit 7) weeks of treatment. During these, pre‐dose and post‐dose spirometry, 12‐lead ECG, vital signs, dyspnea assessments were performed. Rescue medication use, compliance with the treatment and EXACT‐PRO questionnaire were recorded daily (via an electronic diary) during the run‐in and randomised treatment periods.
 The Efficacy and Safety of Once-daily Fluticasone Furoate/Umeclidinium/Vilanterol Versus Twice-daily Budesonide/Formoterol in a Subgroup of Patients from China with Symptomatic COPD at Risk of Exacerbations (FULFIL Trial);  The FULFIL study evaluated once‐daily fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) 100 µg/62.5 µg/25 µg versus twice‐daily budesonide/formoterol (BUD/FOR) 400 µg/12 µg in patients with symptomatic COPD at risk of exacerbations. FULFIL demonstrated clinically meaningful and statistically significant improvements at Week 24 in trough forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1), St George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) Total scores and reduced exacerbation frequency. Predefined analyses were performed to evaluate treatment effects in a subgroup of patients recruited in China (China subgroup; FF/UMEC/VI, n = 32; BUD/FOR, n = 29). Analyses included treatment by region (China versus non‐China) to allow estimated treatment effects in patients from China to be compared with those of the non‐China subgroup and the overall FULFIL intent‐to‐treat (ITT) population. In the China subgroup at Week 24: the mean change from baseline in trough FEV1 was 125 mL (95% confidence interval [CI] 36, 214) for FF/UMEC/VI and ‐70 mL (95% CI ‐163, 23) BUD/FOR (between‐treatment difference: 195 mL [95% CI 67, 323]; p = 0.003) and in SGRQ Total score was ‐5.6 units (95% CI ‐10.5, ‐0.7) and ‐0.3 units (95% CI ‐5.4, 4.7), respectively (between‐treatment difference: ‐5.3 [95% CI ‐12.3, 1.7]; p = 0.140). Fewer moderate/severe exacerbations occurred with FF/UMEC/VI than BUD/FOR (16% and 28%, respectively). The overall incidence of adverse events was similar between arms (FF/UMEC/VI: 38%; BUD/FOR: 31%). This prespecified subgroup analysis of patients recruited in China to FULFIL demonstrated comparable efficacy and safety to that observed in the non‐China and in the overall ITT populations, for FF/UMEC/VI versus BUD/FOR.
 The Efficacy and Safety of Once-daily Fluticasone Furoate/Umeclidinium/Vilanterol Versus Twice-daily Budesonide/Formoterol in a Subgroup of Patients from China with Symptomatic COPD at Risk of Exacerbations (FULFIL Trial);  The FULFIL study evaluated once‐daily fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) 100 µg/62.5 µg/25 µg versus twice‐daily budesonide/formoterol (BUD/FOR) 400 µg/12 µg in patients with symptomatic COPD at risk of exacerbations. FULFIL demonstrated clinically meaningful and statistically significant improvements at Week 24 in trough forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1), St George’s Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) Total scores and reduced exacerbation frequency. Predefined analyses were performed to evaluate treatment effects in a subgroup of patients recruited in China (China subgroup; FF/UMEC/VI, n = 32; BUD/FOR, n = 29). Analyses included treatment by region (China versus non‐China) to allow estimated treatment effects in patients from China to be compared with those of the non‐China subgroup and the overall FULFIL intent‐to‐treat (ITT) population. In the China subgroup at Week 24: the mean change from baseline in trough FEV1 was 125 mL (95% confidence interval [CI] 36, 214) for FF/UMEC/VI and ‐70 mL (95% CI ‐163, 23) BUD/FOR (between‐treatment difference: 195 mL [95% CI 67, 323]; p = 0.003) and in SGRQ Total score was ‐5.6 units (95% CI ‐10.5, ‐0.7) and ‐0.3 units (95% CI ‐5.4, 4.7), respectively (between‐treatment difference: ‐5.3 [95% CI ‐12.3, 1.7]; p = 0.140). Fewer moderate/severe exacerbations occurred with FF/UMEC/VI than BUD/FOR (16% and 28%, respectively). The overall incidence of adverse events was similar between arms (FF/UMEC/VI: 38%; BUD/FOR: 31%). This prespecified subgroup analysis of patients recruited in China to FULFIL demonstrated comparable efficacy and safety to that observed in the non‐China and in the overall ITT populations, for FF/UMEC/VI versus BUD/FOR.
 A clinical study of AECOPD in Southern China;  Background: Among the adults aged 40 years and over in China, COPD accounted for 8.2% of the population. In view of the high prevalence, high mortality and high medical costs of acute exacerbation of COPD (AECOPD), it is urgent to make an appropriate treatment plan that can quickly alleviate the symptoms with low cost. Global Initiative for COPD (GOLD) guidelines 2017 do not provide sufficient evidence for the rational use of inhaled glucocorticosteroids (ICS), longacting β2‐agonists (LABA), and long‐acting muscarinic receptor antagonist (LAMA) in patients with AECOPD in high risk population. The pathogenesis and induction factors of COPD, especially AECOPD, are different between Caucasians and Asians. Besides China is now a developing country, appropriate treatment plan of COPD should be both effective and economical. To address these issues, we developed a double‐blind randomized single center study “The individualized treatment of AECOPD in the population of Jiangnan, R.P. China” (ChiCTR‐TRC‐ 13003184). Methods: 200 patients with AECOPD (GOLD C or D) were enrolled and divided into five subgroups (Group 1: treated with budesonide inhalation suspension 2mg per day + combivent inhalation aerosol 2.5mg twice a day + intravenous aminophylline; Group 2: treated with budesonide inhalation suspension 2mg per day + intravenous aminophylline; Group 3: treated with intravenous aminophylline 0.25 per day + methylprednisolone 40mg per day; Group 4: treated with budesonide inhalation suspension 2mg/day + combivent inhalation aerosol 2.5mg twice a day + intravenous aminophylline0.25 per day + methylprednisolone 40mg per day; Group 5: treated with budesonide inhalation suspension 4mg twice a day). The course of treatments continued 6 days and the pulmonary function of the patients were monitored three times a day. The aim of our study was to observe the different improvement of pulmonary function and clinical symptoms in each group. Results: Patients in Group 4 and Group 5 had more significantly improved FEV1 and shorter hospitalization time than other groups. The eosinophil ratio of induced sputum reduced most obviously in Group 5 (p<0.05). Patients in Group 5 also had the lowest hospitalization expenses (P<0.05). Conclusion: Budesonide 4mg twice a day plus conventional treatment of antibiotics and expectorants greatly improve the outcomes of patients in the south of china with AECOPD and significantly reduce the hospitalization expenses. Whether the therapeutic effect is related to the baseline level of sputum eosinophils remains to be further investigated.
 Efficacy and safety of umeclidinium/vilanterol (UMEC/VI) once daily (OD) vs fluticasone/salmeterol combination (FSC) twice daily (BD) in patients with moderate-to-severe COPD and infrequent COPD exacerbations;  PURPOSE: UMEC (LAMA) plus VI (LABA) is an approved combination bronchodilator maintenance treatment for COPD in the USA. FSC (ICS/LABA) is indicated as a maintenance therapy for COPD. Two replicate studies (930, 951) compared the efficacy and safety of UMEC/VI inhalation powder with FSC in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD and infrequent COPD exacerbations (defined as none in previous year). METHODS: In two 12‐week, multicentre, double‐blind, parallel‐group, double‐dummy studies, patients with FEV1 ≥30% and ≤70% pred. were randomized 1:1 to UMEC/VI 62.5/25mcg OD (via ELLIPTA™ inhaler) or FSC 250/50μg BD (via DISKUS inhaler™). The primary endpoint was weighted mean (wm) FEV1 over 0‐24h on Day 84; trough FEV1 on Day 85 was the secondary endpoint. Other endpoints included symptomatic measures (TDI focal score; SGRQ). Safety assessments included incidence of AEs. RESULTS: ITT: N=706 (study 930); N=697 (study 951). UMEC/VI significantly improved all lung function measures, including peak, onset and duration over 12 weeks vs FSC. For 0‐24h wmFEV1 on Day 84, improvements with UMEC/VI vs FSC were 74mL (95% CI: 38,110) in study 930 and 101mL (95% CI: 63,139) in study 951 (both p<0.001). UMEC/VI improved trough FEV1 on Day 85 vs FSC in study 930 (82mL [95% CI: 45,119]) and in study 951 (98mL [95% CI: 59,137]) (both p<0.001). Both UMEC/VI and FSC demonstrated clinically meaningful improvements in dyspnoea (TDI focal score >1 unit) and quality of life (change from baseline in SGRQ score >4 unit decrease) over 12 weeks in both studies; no treatments differences between UMEC/VI and FSC were observed. Incidence of on‐treatment AEs (UMEC/VI, FSC) was 26%, 27% (study 930) and 30%, 31% (study 951). Headache and nasopharyngitis were the most commonly reported AEs. Incidence of on‐treatment SAEs was 2%, 3% (study 930) and 3%, 4% (study 951). There was 1 death in study 930 (FSC group; not drug related) and 5 deaths in study 951 (2 UMEC/VI group; 3 FSC group; 1 death (FSC, due to pneumonia) was reported as drug related by the investigator). CONCLUSIONS: UMEC/VI 62.5/25mcg OD over 12 weeks led to statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvements in lung function vs FSC 250/50mcg BD in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD and infrequent COPD exacerbations. No new safety findings were reported for UMEC/VI or FSC. CLINICAL IMPLICATIONS: LAMA/LABA therapy with UMEC/VI 62.5/25mcg OD is an effective therapeutic option in this COPD patient population.
 The influence of type of inhalation device on adherence of COPD patients to inhaled medication;  Objective: To study the influence of type of inhalation device on medication adherence of COPD patients.Methods: Adherence to inhalation medication of 795 patients was recorded from pharmacy records over 3 years. It was expressed as percentage and deemed good at ≥75‐≤125%, sub‐optimal ≥50‐<75%, and poor <50% (underuse) or >125% (overuse). Since most patients used more than one device, 1379 medication periods were analyzed.Results: Patients using a Metered Dose Inhaler (MDI) or Diskus had a 2.3‐fold and 2.2‐fold increased risk, respectively, of suboptimal adherence versus good adherence, compared to Handihaler and a 2.1‐fold and 2.2‐fold increased risk, respectively, of underuse versus good adherence compared to Handihaler. Turbuhaler, MDI, Respimat had a 7.9‐fold, 3.5‐fold, and 2.0‐fold increased risk, of overuse versus good adherence compared to Handihaler.Conclusions: In COPD, adherence to inhalation medication is device‐related. Overuse was most pronounced for devices without a dose counter, devices with the ability to load a dosage without actual inhalation, or devices lacking feedback of correct inhalation. The design of the device seems to be related to underuse and overuse of inhaled medication. Future research might investigate whether prescribing a different device with similar medication improves therapy adherence.
 Triple Therapy and Clinical Control in B+ COPD Patients: a Pragmatic, Prospective, Randomized Trial;  Introduction: Treatment with LABA/LAMA is recommended in GOLD B patients. We hypothesized that triple therapy (LABA/LAMA/ICS) will be superior to LABA/LAMA in achieving and maintaining clinical control (CC), a composite outcome that considers both impact and disease stability in a subgroup of GOLD B patients (here termed GOLD B+ patients) characterized by: (1) remaining symptomatic (CAT ≥ 10) despite regular LABA/LAMA therapy; (2) having suffered one moderate exacerbation in the previous year; and (3) having blood eosinophil counts (BEC) ≥150 cells/μL. Methods: The ANTES B+ study is a prospective, multicenter, open label, randomized, pragmatic, controlled trial designed to test this hypothesis. It will randomize 1028 B+ patients to continue with their usual LABA/LAMA combination prescribed by their attending physician or to begin fluticasone furoate (FF) 92 μg/umeclidinium (UMEC) 55 μg/vilanterol (VI) 22 μg in a single inhaler q.d. for 12 months. The primary efficacy outcome will be the level of CC achieved. Secondary outcomes include the clinical important deterioration index (CID), annual rate of exacerbations, and FEV1. Exploratory objectives include the interaction of BEC and smoking status, all‐cause mortality and proportion of patients on LABA/LAMA arm that switch therapy arms. Safety analysis include adverse events and incidence of pneumonia. Results: The first patient was recruited on February 29, 2024; results are expected in the first quarter of 2026. Conclusions: The ANTES B+ study is the first to: (1) explore the efficacy and safety of triple therapy in a population of B+ COPD patients and (2) use a composite index (CC) as the primary result of a COPD trial.
 Efficacy and Safety of ICS/LABA vs. LAMA/LABA in Patients With Different COPD Phenotypes;  Type and duration of the investigation: A randomized, blinded, controlled clinical trial; longitudinal, prospective, 3 years (Sep‐2017 through Sep‐2020). Background: COPD associated to biomass smoke (BS‐COPD) represents the third of all COPD cases in Latin America, and almost the 2% in general population prevalence studies. BS‐COPD clinical spectrum is different to the one seen in COPD associated to tobacco smoke (TS‐COPD). While BS‐COPD patients present COPD‐asthma phenotype or asthma‐COPD overlap syndrome (ACOS), TS‐COPD patients present mostly the emphysema phenotype. COPD‐asthma phenotype in BS‐COPD, probably explains that they have a greater risk of exacerbations in comparison to the emphysema phenotype. Therefore, individualizing treatment in both phenotypes may be very useful among the clinical practitioners, because even though those patients are not included in traditional clinical trials, they are part of every day's practice. In this sense, providing a specific treatment in this group of patients could change the disease progression, improving symptoms, quality of life, reducing costs, side effects and exacerbations. The investigators hypothesize that COPD‐asthma phenotype or asthma‐COPD overlap syndrome (ACOS), may get a greater benefit by using a combination LABA/ICS (Fluticasone Furoate/Vilanterol ‐ FF/V) therapy, whereas those with the emphysema phenotype with LABA/LAMA (Umeclidinium/Vilanterol U/V) therapy The upside of these drugs is that both of them have the same easy‐to‐use device, and it is inhaled once a day only. Their efficacy and safety have been tested in TS_COPD but not in BS‐COPD. This trial will allow us to have a clinically and functionally characterization (using biological markers) of the BS‐COPD phenotype and to compare those patients with those with the emphysema phenotype. Hypothesis: Treatment with FF/V will be superior in preventing COPD exacerbations than the U/V combination in patients with COPD‐asthma phenotype; while U/V will be superior than FF/V in patients with the emphysema phenotype. General objective: To determine the exacerbations outcome (exacerbations free interval, exacerbations frequency, severe exacerbations that needed hospitalization frequency, exacerbations frequency according to absolute and percentage (>3%) blood eosinophils, exacerbations percentage for emphysema phenotype and COPD‐asthma phenotype) in patients with COPD‐asthma vs emphysema phenotype patients, treated with Fluticasone Furoate/Vilanterol 100/25 mcg/day vs Umeclidinium/Vilanterol 55/25 mcg/day, after 6 months of treatment. Secondary objectives: To determine in both groups: (1) Pulmonary function change (FEV1, FVC and inspiratory capacity) (2) Impulse oscillometry resistance change (3) FeNO change (5) Quality of life change (CAT and Saint George) (6) Dyspnea change (mMRC, BDI y TDI) (7) Functional capacity change (6MWT distance). (8) To characterize and establish the frequency of the COPD‐asthma phenotype in BS‐COPD patients and emphysema‐phenotype in TS‐COPD patients. Methods: Randomized double blind controlled clinical trial. Patients with at least one exacerbation in the last 12 months (confirmed by the prescription of antibiotic and/or oral steroid), and a smoking index > 10 packs/year or a biomass smoke exposition index > 100 hours/year. One hundred BS‐COPD patients and one hundred TS‐COPD patients will be included; both groups will be exposed to the two treatment options. Fifty patients from each group (BS‐COPD and TS‐COPD) will be assigned with FF/V and 50 from each group with U/V. Emphysema phenotype and air‐trapping pattern will be determined with a CT image. All CTs will be assessed by a radiologist. Baseline DLco will also be correlated with the emphysema CT findings. Blood eosinophils, blood levels IgE, bronchodilator reversibility and baseline FeNO. Rate of exacerbations will be determined in both groups for a time period of 6 months. At the end of the study, the phenotype of each patient will be determined and treatment efficacy will be evaluated according to the phenotype. The sample size was chosen conventionally by considering that there are no other centers with a BS‐COPD cohort. Treatment will be randomly assigned using a random numbers table. Safety evaluation includes severe adverse events (SAE) assessment (mainly pneumonia). During the informed consent signing visit (day ‐15), BS‐COPD or TS‐COPD diagnosis will be confirmed. There will be four in‐clinic visits (baseline; +30 days; +90 days and +180 days) where the symptoms diary will be evaluated to determine the rate of exacerbations or other health resources use. Also, pulmonary function tests (spirometry pre and post‐BD, IC) and functional capacity tests (6MWT) will be performed by each patient. Health related quality of life (SGRQ and CAT) and dyspnea (mMRC and BDI/TDI) questionnaires will also performed. There will be three telephonic visits (+60 days, +120 days, +210 days) where adverse events, concomitant medication, other health resources use and exacerbations since last visit will be assessed.
 Comparisons of Inhaled LAMA or LAMA+LABA or ICS+LABA for COPD With Bronchiectasis;  The diagnosis and treatment of COPD and bronchiectasis together seems to be more complicated than the diagnosis and treatment of either condition alone. According to the GOLD，there are three treatments for patients with COPD in group C: ICS combined with LABA or LAMA alone or LABA combined with LAMA. However, it has not yet been demonstrated about which method is more effective for the patients with COPD in group C and bronchiectasis. This study is designed as a prospective, randomized, case‐control trial. Patients are divided into three groups, one group inhaled with ICS and LABA (Symbicort), the second group inhaled with LAMA (Tiotropium Bromide) and the third group inhaled with LAMA(Tiotropium Bromide) and (Symbicort).The course of treatment is 12 months. The investigators will also assess other relevant outcomes, including the quality of life (QOL) score, pulmonary function test and the incidence of adverse event.
 NEW PARADIGMS IN CLINICAL STUDY DESIGN: PATIENT AND SPONSOR PERSPECTIVES FROM A FULLY REMOTE STUDY UTILIZING DIGITAL TECHNOLOGIES;  TOPIC: Obstructive Lung Diseases TYPE: Original Investigations PURPOSE: Digital technologies offer opportunities to support patients, sites, and sponsors during clinical study preparation/conduct. ENERGITO 2 Digital Health (DH), a Phase IV, fully remote, exploratory study, provided insights related to proactive, sponsor strategic planning and patient participation perspectives that may enhance future clinical research. METHODS: COPD patients aged ≥40 y, smoking history of >10 pack‐years, postbronchodilator FEV1 ≥30% to <80% predicted, postbronchodilator FEV1/FVC <70%, internet access, smartphone proficiency, and prior spirometry experience were randomized to a 12‐week, double‐blind study (tiotropium/olodaterol [T/O] 5/5 μg QD or fluticasone propionate/salmeterol [FP/SAL] 250/50 μg BID). All visits were completed remotely via telemedicine (e‐Visit); all procedures—including electronic informed consent, and digital spirometry—were completed entirely remotely using digital technology. To support patient participation, remote/e‐Visits could be converted to traditional clinic visits. Investigational medicinal product (IMP) was delivered directly to patients. Lung function and safety were assessed at each e‐Visit. Six patient surveys were conducted during the study; patient responses ranged from “very easy to difficult; very satisfied to unsatisfied; very comfortable to uncomfortable.“ A patient focus group was conducted post‐study completion. RESULTS: Of 18 patients enrolled, 11 (6 men/5 women; mean±SD age, 66.0±7.27 y) were randomized from 1 US site to T/O (n=6) or FP/SAL (n=5). Sponsor learnings from a protocol simulation were incorporated into the study design to support customer centricity and study conduct in scalability and process. Patient survey responses were generally favorable. Patients reported receiving direct IMP at home was easy and were satisfied with the study drug video training; spirometer training video was very easy to follow—most indicated that performing remote spirometry was easy. Few patients identified technical issues with the invitation process, negative experiences with IMP supplies, occasional spirometer nonfunctioning, and variable audio quality at e‑Visits. The patient focus group provided valuable feedback for future patient‐centric, remote clinical trial planning/conduct: offering the flexibility of a combined personal/virtual engagement approach to enhance the patient experience, increased personal connection between clinic visits, and use of supplemental information videos. CONCLUSIONS: ENERGITO 2 DH demonstrated the feasibility of conducting a clinical study remotely in accordance with regulatory guidelines. Technology utilization and proactive and strategic integration of additional operational elements enabled patients to participate remotely as confirmed by patients during and post study completion. CLINICAL IMPLICATIONS: Data support the value of DH solutions in clinical development and use of remote supervised/unsupervised spirometry. DISCLOSURES: No relevant relationships by Sharon Attick, source=Web Response Employee relationship with Boehringer Ingelheim Please note: 1996 to 2021 Added 05/05/2021 by Joanne Franceschina, source=Web Response, value=Salary Principal Investigator relationship with Boehringer‐Ingelheim Please note: January 2005 to December 2020 Added 04/30/2021 by Glenn Giessel, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Employee relationship with Boehringer Ingelheim Please note: 1997‐2021 Added 05/05/2021 by Alan Hamilton, source=Web Response, value=Salary No relevant relationships by Patricia Harris, source=Admin input No relevant relationships by John Turner, source=Web Response
 An observational study on the effectiveness of Chinese decotion named Jinshui six gentlemen on severe to very severe COPD patient without response to conventional therapy;  Background Although long‐acting β2‐agonnist (LABAs) and long‐acting muscarinic antagonists (LAMAs) had been shown effective in improving health status of severe COPD patient, some patients still had no response to either single or a combination of the two therapies above. Methods This is an longitudinal study to observe the effectiveness of one Chinese decotion on COPD. The patients with COPD stage III or IV from our established COPD data registry were included in this study. The enrolled patients at least had been followed six months, The primary outcome is CAT score change over the time. Result A total of 237 COPD patients with stage or (GOLD 2008) from our clinic were followed about 6 months in July 2013. We noticed that 33 cases had no response to the combination therapy of LAMA and LABA after 3months, these patients have some similar character : old aged (68.43±7.4), male (31/33), low BMI (12.1 to 32.7 kg/m2, mean 21.4±3.2kg/m2), there are 11 patient without smoking history, they have obvious dyspnea and a little cough or sputum, the HRCT usually shows serious emphysema. 17 patients were randomized to receive the decoction, 200ml, twice daily beside tiotropium 18ug once daily (q.d) and salmeterol/fluticasone combination 50/500ug twice daily (b.i.d). 16 patients in the controlled group were accepted the same therapy above except herbs. CAT questionnaire is used in the beginning and end of the therapy. The CAT score are 23.12±5.51 vs. 22.81±5.44 (P=0.82) at the beginning, and are 20.71±5.42 vs. 21.25±5.45 (P=0.84) at the endbut the self‐difference value are 2.41±1.46 vs. 1.56±1.03 (P=0.41). Conclusion Jinshui six gentlemen is a classic herb prescription which has been used in China to treat apnea patient for more than 400 years, Chinese herbs maybe act as the replacement therapy, this Decoction has the potential benefit to these patient. (Figure Presented).
 The IMPACT trial: single inhaler triple therapy fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol versus fluticasone furoate/vilanterol and umeclidinium/vilanterol in patients with COPD: a pre-specified analysis of safety according to age;  Rationale: IMPACT was a 52‐week, randomized, double‐blind, multicenter study comparing the efficacy and safety of fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) 100/62.5/25μ g with FF/VI 100/25μ g and UMEC/VI 62.5/25μ g in patients ≥40 years old with symptomatic COPD and a history of exacerbations (N=10,355). On‐treatment, pre‐specified safety assessments were evaluated by age. Methods: On‐treatment safety assessments in the ITT population included adverse events (AE), serious adverse events (SAE), AE leading to permanent discontinuation of study treatment or withdrawal from the study (DC), and AE of special interest (AESI). Pre‐specified summaries were conducted according to the following age categories; ≤64, 65‐74, 75‐84 years. The age group of ≥ 85 years is not included in the summary due to the small proportion of subjects in each treatment group (all <1%). Results: Of the ITT population, 46% (n=4724) of subjects were <64, 41% (n=4225) were 65‐74 and 13% (n=1328) were 75‐84 years of age. The incidence of any on‐treatment AE was similar across all three treatment groups (FF/UMEC/VI, FF/VI, UMEC/VI) for subjects ≤ 64 (68%, 66%, 69%), 65‐74 (71%, 70%, 68%) and 75‐84 years of age (73%, 68%, 74%). The incidence of on‐treatment SAE was similar across the three treatment groups (FF/UMEC/VI, FF/VI, UMEC/VI) for subjects ≤ 64 (18%, 18%, 20%) and 65‐74 (23%, 21%,26%) years of age and higher in those 75‐84 years of age in the FF/UMEC/VI (28%) and FF/VI (27%) groups but not in the UMEC/VI group (20%) With respect to on‐treatment AESI, pneumonia was more common in the ICS‐containing arms in all age categories. Pneumonia, cardiovascular events and urinary retention AESI increased in the older age group. An increase in ocular AESI was seen with UMEC/VI in the older group but not with FF/UMEC/VI or FF/VI (Table). Conclusions: Within each treatment group, there was no notable difference in the overall incidence of AEs by age. The overall incidence of SAEs was higher in those 75‐84 years old in the ICS‐containing arms only. There was a higher incidence of pneumonia AESI in the ICS‐containing arms which increased with increasing age as would be anticipated. The safety profile of FF/UMEC/VI is as expected for COPD patients and increasing age, and consistent with the extensive safety database from FF/VI, UMEC/VI and UMEC.
 ACTIVATE: the effect of aclidinium/formoterol on hyperinflation, exercise capacity, and physical activity in patients with COPD;  The Phase IV, 8‐week, randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled ACTIVATE study (NCT02424344) evaluated the effect of aclidinium/formoterol (AB/FF) 400/12 μg twice daily on lung hyperinflation, exercise capacity, and physical activity in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD. Patients received AB/FF (n=134) or placebo (n=133) (1:1) via the Genuair™/Pressair® dry powder inhaler for 8 weeks. From Weeks 5 to 8, all patients participated in behavioral intervention (BI; daily messages providing step goals). The primary end point was trough functional residual capacity (FRC) at Week 4. Exercise endurance time and physical activity were assessed at Week 4 (pharmacotherapy only) and at Week 8 (8 weeks of pharmacotherapy plus 4 weeks of BI). Other end points included post‐dose FRC, residual volume, and inspiratory capacity (IC) at rest and during exercise. After 4 weeks, trough FRC improved with AB/FF versus placebo but did not reach significance (125 mL; P=0.0690). However, post‐dose FRC, residual volume, and IC at rest improved significantly with AB/FF at Week 4 versus placebo (all P<0.0001). AB/FF significantly improved exercise endurance time and IC at isotime versus placebo at Week 4 (P<0.01 and P<0.0001, respectively) and Week 8 (P<0.05 and P<0.0001, respectively). AB/FF achieved higher step counts (P<0.01) with fewer inactive patients (P<0.0001) at Week 4 versus placebo. Following BI, AB/FF maintained improvements in physical activity at Week 8 and nonsignificant improvements were observed with placebo. AB/FF 400/12 μg demonstrated improvements in lung hyperinflation, exercise capacity, and physical activity versus placebo that were maintained following the addition of BI. A 4‐week period of BI might be too short to augment the improvements of physical activity observed with AB/FF.
 The IMPACT trial: single inhaler triple therapy fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol versus fluticasone furoate/vilanterol and umeclidinium/vilanterol in patients with COPD: results on rescue use and night-time awakenings;  Rationale: IMPACT was a 52‐week, randomized, double‐blind, multicenter study comparing the efficacy and safety of fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) 100/62.5/25μ g with FF/VI 100/25μ g and UMEC/VI 62.5/25μ g in patients ≥40 years of age with symptomatic COPD and a history of exacerbations (N=10,355). The primary endpoint was the annual rate of on‐treatment moderate/severe exacerbations with FF/UMEC/VI vs FF/VI and UMEC/VI. Other endpoints measured included use of rescue medication and night‐time awakenings due to COPD which are presented here. Methods: Least square (LS) mean change from baseline in the number of occasions of rescue use per day, rescue free days and nighttime awakenings per night due to COPD was collected throughout the 52‐week study. Analysis was performed by 4 weekly periods on the ITT population using a repeated measures model with covariates of treatment group, smoking status (Screening), geographical region, 4‐weekly time period, baseline, and baseline‐by‐4‐weekly time period and treatment group‐by 4‐weekly time period interactions. Results: FF/UMEC/VI demonstrated a statistically significant reduction in number of occasions of rescue medication use/week at each 4‐weekly period compared with both FF/VI and UMEC/VI (all p<0.001; Figure 1A). Over Weeks 49‐52, FF/UMEC/VI statistically significantly reduced the mean number of occasions of rescue medication use/week by 1.96 occasions/week (95% CI: ‐2.59, ‐1.33) compared with FF/VI and by ‐2.10 occasions/week (95% CI: ‐2.87, ‐1.33) when compared with UMEC/VI. FF/UMEC/VI led to more rescue‐free days compared with FF/VI and UMEC/VI, with statistically significant treatment differences at each 4‐week time period for FF/UMEC/VI compared with FF/VI and UMEC/VI (all p<0.001). Over Weeks 49 to 52, the LS mean change from baseline in the percentage of rescue‐free days with FF/UMEC/VI demonstrated a treatment difference of 5.2% (95% CI: 3.5, 6.9) compared with FF/VI and 4.4% (95% CI: 2.3, 6.5) compared with UMEC/VI. Over Weeks 49‐52, FF/UMEC/VI demonstrated a reduction in the LS mean change from baseline in the mean number of nighttime awakenings per week (‐1.47) compared with FF/VI (‐1.12) and UMEC/VI (‐0.84) resulting in a statistically significant treatment difference between FF/UMEC/VI compared with FF/VI and UMEC/VI (p≤0.005; Figure 1B). Conclusions: The benefits of FF/UMEC/VI vs FF/VI and UMEC/VI were demonstrated on the relevant patient reported outcomes of rescue use and night‐time awakenings. These results underscore a consistent efficacy profile with once daily FF/UMEC/VI compared to FF/VI and UMEC/VI across a multitude of COPD endpoints.
 A Study to Compare the Impact of Fulticasone Furoate/Vilanterol vs. Tiotropium on Arterial Stiffness in COPD;  This is a Phase IIIb comparator, double‐blind, double‐dummy, randomised (1:1), parallel group, multi‐centre study. At Visit 1 (Screening Visit), subjects who meet the pre‐defined Inclusion Criteria and none of the Exclusion Criteria will enter a 2‐week, single‐blind placebo Run‐in Period. The purpose of the Run‐In Period is to monitor albuterol/salbutamol use at baseline, and to ensure that subjects' COPD is at a stable stage at randomization. Subject's adherence with study procedures, diary completion will also be evaluated during the Run‐In Period. At the end of the Run‐in period, subjects will be assessed and those who meet the randomisation criteria will receive one of the following two double‐blind treatments for 12 weeks: ‐ FF (100 mcg)/VI (25 mcg) administered QD via a NDPI in the morning ‐ Tiotropium (18 mcg) administered QD via a HandiHaler in the morning To ensure blinding of the treatments and to ensure a double‐dummy design matching NDPI and HandiHaler will be utilised. Each subject will be instructed to self administer blinded study drug during the double blind treatment period as follows: ‐ Each morning take 1 inhalation from NDPI containing FF (100 mcg)/VI (25 mcg) followed by 1 inhalation from placebo capsule delivered via HandiHaler. ‐ Each morning take 1 inhalation from matching placebo NDPI followed by 1 inhalation from a capsule containing tiotropium 18 mcg delivered via HandiHaler. An inhaled short acting beta2‐receptor agonist, salbutamol/albuterol will be provided to subjects to use as needed throughout the Run‐in and Treatment periods for relief of COPD symptoms. Ipratropium bromide is permitted if the subject is on a stable dose from Screening (Visit 1) and remains on the stable dose throughout the study. Subjects who experience an exacerbation of their COPD (which requires medication in addition to an increase in rescue medication) or a lower respiratory tract infection (LRTI) during the run‐in period are not eligible to enter the treatment period. Any subject who experiences a similar COPD exacerbation (sec 4.4) or LRTI at any time on therapy will be withdrawn from the study. The aPWV will be measured at Screening and clinic Visits 3‐5. Disease specific health status will be evaluated using the St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ‐C), Euro Qol Questionnaire (EQ‐5D) for COPD patients and the COPD Assessment Test (CAT) at Visit 2 (Day 1) and at Visit 5 (Weeks 12). The 12‐lead ECG will be evaluated at Visit 1 (Screening) only. Vital signs (blood pressure and pulse rate), spirometry measurements, and clinical laboratory tests (hematology and chemistry) and other study‐specific safety assessments will be obtained at selected clinic visits. A follow‐up phone call will occur approximately 7 days after the last clinic visit. The overall study duration from Screening to Follow‐up for each subject is approximately 15 weeks. Subjects will be considered to have completed the study upon completion of assessments and procedures up to and including completion of Follow‐up Phone Contact (7 ± 2 days post Visit 5).
 A comparison of the additive efficacy of Umeclidinium bromide on fluticasone furoate/vilanterole in asthma-COPD overlap syndrome;  INTERVENTION: Additive admionistration of Umeclidinium bromide on fluticasone furoate/vilanterole in patients with asthma‐COPD overlap syndrome Patients are divided in 2 groups. In group A, firstly 4 week treatment of Umeclidinium bromide and fluticasone furoate/vilanterole, next 4 weeks only fluticasone furoate/vilanterole. In B group, firstly 4 week treatment of only fluticasone furoate/vilanterole, next 4 weeks Umeclidinium bromide and fluticasone furoate/vilanterole are administered. Respiratory functions and were evalueted before and each treatment periods. Additive admionistration of Umeclidinium bromide on fluticasone furoate/vilanterole in patients with asthma‐COPD overlap syndrome Patients are divided in 2 groups. In group A, firstly 4 week treatment of Umeclidinium bromide and fluticasone furoate/vilanterole, next 4 weeks only fluticasone furoate/vilanterole. In B group, firstly 4 week treatment of only fluticasone furoate/vilanterole, next 4 weeks Umeclidinium bromide and fluticasone furoate/vilanterole are administered. QOL scores are evalueted before and each treatment periods. CONDITION: asthma‐COPD overlap syndrome PRIMARY OUTCOME: Improvement of respiratory functions SECONDARY OUTCOME: Improvement of quality of life INCLUSION CRITERIA: stable asthma‐COPD overlap syndrome
 Add-on therapy for COPD receiving inhaled bronchodilators;  INTERVENTION: Add on tiotropium (18microg, twice daily) to current medications or Add on salmeterol (50microg, twice daily) to current medications or Add on salmeterol /fluticasone (50/250 microg, twice daily) to current medications CONDITION: COPD PRIMARY OUTCOME: Improvement of FEV1; Improvement of CAT total score SECONDARY OUTCOME: COPD symptom (cough, phlegm, breathlessness); Stratified analysis of baseline CAT score INCLUSION CRITERIA: A subject will be eligible for inclusion in this study if all of the following criteria are met: 1)Gender: Both 2)Age: >=40 3)outpatients 4)Both emphysema and non‐emphysema 5) GOLD stage >= II (%FEV1<80%) 6)receiving long‐acting bronchodilaotr (LAMA, LABA, ICS/LABA combination) as continuous use for greater than 3 months 7)have respiratory symptoms (cough, phlegm, breathlessness ) 8)able to comply with the requirements of the protocol
 Efficacy of aclidinium/formoterol fixed-dose combination versus salmeterol/fluticasone in COPD;  Background: Aclidinium bromide/formoterol fumarate fixed‐dose combination (FDC) twice daily (BID) is licensed in Europe for COPD treatment. Aim: To evaluate the efficacy of aclidinium/formoterol vs salmeterol/fluticasone propionate FDC (SAL/FLU) in patients (pts) with COPD. Methods: A randomised, double‐blind, Phase IIIb, 24‐week study in pts with COPD Assessment Test (CAT) score ≥10 compared aclidinium/formoterol 400/12 μg BID via Genuair with SAL/® FLU 50/500 μg BID via Accuhaler (NCT01908140). Endpoints were peak FEV1 (primary), Transition Dyspnoea Index (TDI; secondary), CAT, device preference and exacerbations. Noninferiority of aclidinium/formoterol vs SAL/FLU was tested for peak FEV1 and TDI. Superiority in peak FEV1 was also analysed. Results: 933 pts were randomised: mean age 63.4 years; 65.1% male; mean postbronchodilator FEV1 1.48 L (53.2% predicted); mean CAT score 18.5. 788 pts (84.5%) completed the study. Aclidinium/formoterol achieved greater peak FEV1 vs SAL/FLU from Day 1 to Week 24 (p<0.0001; Table). Improvements in TDI, CAT and exacerbations were similar in both groups (Table). More pts preferred Genuair (51.9%) than Accuhaler (18.5%, p<0.0001). Conclusion: Superiority in peak FEV1 and non‐inferiority in TDI were demonstrated for aclidinium/formoterol FDC vs SAL/FLU in pts with stable COPD. Improvements in quality of life and exacerbations were similar in both groups. More pts preferred Genuair to Accuhaler. (Table Presented).
 Late breaking abstract-blood eosinophil counts and treatment response in COPD: analyses of impact;  Background: IMPACT is a landmark >10,000 patient study that simplifies patient care in COPD and prospectively identifies phenotypes/endotypes associated with preferential response to inhaled maintenance treatments. Previous studies have shown a relation between ICS‐associated reduction in the rate of acute exacerbation of COPD (AECOPD) and baseline blood eosinophil count (BEC). Methods: IMPACT is a randomised, double‐blind, parallel‐group, 52‐week, global study comparing once‐daily fluticasone furoate(FF)/umeclidinium(UMEC)/vilanterol(VI) to components FF/VI and UMEC/VI. Eligible patients had moderate to severe COPD and experienced ≥1 moderate/severe AECOPD in the past 12 months. We used negative binomial regression with fractional polynomials for modelling of continuous BEC, to model the number of moderate/severe AECOPD, comparing subjects in the 3 treatment groups. Results: The magnitude of benefit of ICS containing arms (FF/UMEC/VI [N=4,151] and FF/VI [N=4,134]) compared to non‐ICS (UMEC/VI [N=2,070]) in reducing the rate of moderate/severe AECOPD increased in proportion to BEC (Fig 1). Conclusions: In exacerbating COPD patients treated with UMEC/VI but not in those receiving FF (ICS), exacerbation rate increases with increasing BEC. Baseline BEC is linked with FF‐associated exacerbation reduction on a continuous scale. This analysis prospectively confirms the value of BEC in the management of COPD.
 KRONOS: 24-week study of triple fixed-dose combination budesonide/glycopyrronium/formoterol (BGF) MDI via co-suspension delivery technology vs glycopyrronium/formoterol (GFF) MDI, budesonide/formoterol (BFF) MDI and BFF inhalation powder in COPD;  Objectives: To assess treatment effects of BGF MDI, an ICS/LAMA/LABA fixed‐dose combination (FDC), on lung function (primary objective), exacerbations, symptoms, quality of life and safety in subjects with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD. Methods: Subjects in this Phase III, double‐blind, parallel study (NCT02497001) were randomized 2:2:1:1 to receive BGF metered dose inhaler (MDI) 320/14.4/10μg, GFF MDI 14.4/10μg, BFF MDI 320/10μg or open‐label Symbicort® Turbuhaler® dry powder inhaler (BUD/FORM DPI) 400/12μg twice daily for 24 weeks. Results: BGF MDI significantly improved FEV1 AUC0‐4 over 24 weeks vs BFF MDI and BUD/FORM DPI, and morning pre‐dose trough FEV1 vs GFF MDI and BFF MDI (Table). BGF MDI also significantly reduced exacerbation rates vs GFF MDI, and improved respiratory symptoms and quality of life vs GFF MDI and BFF MDI. BFF MDI was non‐inferior to BUD/FORM DPI. No new or unexpected safety findings were observed. Conclusion: BGF MDI improved lung function compared with dual therapies, with significant reductions in exacerbation rates vs GFF MDI and a trend vs BFF MDI in patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD. All treatments were well tolerated.
 Effect of fluticasone propionate/salmeterol on lung hyperinflation and exercise endurance in COPD;  STUDY OBJECTIVE: To examine the effect of fluticasone propionate, 250 microg/salmeterol, 50 microg combination (FSC 250/50) twice daily on lung hyperinflation and associated measures of exercise performance in patients with COPD. DESIGN: This was a randomized, double‐blind, parallel‐group study. PATIENTS: Eligible patients were > or = 40 years old with a diagnosis of COPD, prealbuterol FEV(1) < 70% of predicted, FEV1/FVC ratio > or = 0.70, and functional residual capacity (FRC) > or = 120% of predicted normal. INTERVENTIONS: Patients were randomized to FSC 250/50; salmeterol, 50 microg; or placebo twice daily for 8 weeks. Predose and postdose spirometry, plethysmography, and constant‐load cycle cardiopulmonary exercise test evaluations were compared. The primary comparison was FSC 250/50 with placebo. The salmeterol group was included for exploratory comparisons with FSC 250/50. RESULTS: A total of 185 patients (mean baseline FEV1 of 41% predicted) were enrolled. At rest, FSC 250/50 significantly reduced postdose FRC and increased inspiratory capacity (IC) compared with placebo (differences of ‐ 0.35 +/‐ 0.12 L and 0.33 +/‐ 0.06 L [mean +/‐ SE], respectively, at week 8; p > or = 0.003) and increased exercise endurance time (difference, 132 +/‐ 45 s; p = 0.004). At a standardized time during exercise (isotime), FSC 250/50 increased postdose IC by 0.20 +/‐ 0.05 L over placebo with associated improvements in tidal volume and minute ventilation (p < 0.05 vs placebo at week 8). Improvement in exercise time was significantly correlated with the increase in IC (r = 0.45, p < 0.001) but not FEV1 (r = 0.23, p = 0.08). Predose comparisons of FSC 250/50 with salmeterol and placebo favored FSC 250/50. CONCLUSION: We conclude that FSC 250/50 decreases lung hyperinflation at rest and during exercise with an associated increase in exercise endurance time when compared with placebo.
 Efficacy and Safety of Glycopyrrolate/Formoterol Metered Dose Inhaler Formulated Using Co-Suspension Delivery Technology in Patients With COPD;  BACKGROUND: Long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA)/long‐acting β2‐agonist (LABA) combinations are a treatment option for patients with COPD who continue to have symptoms despite treatment with a LAMA or a LABA alone. The Efficacy and Safety of PT003, PT005, and PT001 in Subjects with Moderate‐to‐Very Severe COPD (PINNACLE‐1) (NCT01854645) and the Multi‐Center Study to Assess the Efficacy and Safety of PT003, PT005, and PT001 in Subjects with Moderate‐to‐Very Severe COPD (PINNACLE‐2) (NCT01854658) trials investigated the efficacy and safety of a novel glycopyrrolate [GP]/formoterol [FF] 18/9.6‐μg (GFF) metered dose inhaler (MDI) formulated using the Co‐Suspension Delivery Technology in patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD. METHODS: These two phase III trials took place over 24 weeks and were randomized, double blind, and placebo controlled; 2,103 and 1,615 patients (40‐80 years of age), respectively, were randomized. Patients received GFF MDI, GP MDI 18 μg, FF MDI 9.6 μg, or placebo MDI (all twice daily), or tiotropium 18 μg dry powder inhaler (once daily in PINNACLE‐1 only [open‐label active comparator]). Efficacy and safety were assessed. RESULTS: At week 24, differences in change from baseline in the morning predose trough FEV1 for GFF MDI vs placebo MDI, GP MDI, and FF MDI were 150 mL, 59 mL, and 64 mL in PINNACLE‐1 (all P < .0001) and 103 mL, 54 mL, and 56 mL in PINNACLE‐2 (all P < .001), respectively. There were no significant safety findings (incidence of adverse events was similar between treatment arms). CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that GFF MDI 18/9.6 μg demonstrated superiority over placebo and monocomponent MDIs and was well tolerated, thus providing an additional treatment option for patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD. TRIAL REGISTRY: ClinicalTrials.gov; No.: NCT01854645 and No. NCT01854658; URL: www.clinicaltrials.gov.
 Efficacy in Walked Distance of Indacaterol vs Tiotropium in Women With COPD Secondary to Biomass (EMERALD);  Background: Until now, COPD secondary to biomass exposure is treated in similar way that COPD due to tobacco smoke. Unfortunately none of the clinical trial included patient with biomass exposure in their multicenter studies. COPD due to biomass exposure is very common in Mexico and in other sub‐developed countries, and represent a high economy burden similar as the tobacco exposure. In Mexico, in a reference center of COPD (National Institute of Respiratory Disease) thirty percent of women who attended with COPD has only the antecedent to cook with biomass. These patients have a predominant airway component, rather than emphysema. These patients have chronic bronchitis as a main clinical picture and in consequence, more exacerbations. Additionally, they present more symptoms such as dyspnea, and as COPD secondary to tobacco exposure, the functional and inspiratory capacity are reduced. There are previous studies that described the acute effects of long acting bronchodilators like salmeterol on functional and inspiratory capacity. However, they were done in patients with COPD secondary to tobacco smoke and there are not studies done in patients with COPD secondary to biomass exposition. Indacaterol a novel long‐acting bronchodilator provide 24 h bronchodilation on once‐daily dosing with a fast onset of action. Assuming the conditions of patients with COPD secondary to biomass exposure (women, rural or suburban origin, etc.) it is necessary strategies that enhance the adherence. There is information about better adherence with the least frequency of a drug. Tiotropium provide 24 h bronchodilation on once‐daily dosing with a slow onset of action, it was selected because it is widely used in the treatment of COPD and is the only drug of the therapeutic class (long acting antimuscarinic bronchodilator) available in the market. Until now there is no international nor national reported experience with any bronchodilators in COPD secondary to biomass. This will be the first clinical trial in the world that attempts to evaluate the acute effects (fast onset action) of those two long acting bronchodilators, in women with COPD secondary to biomass exposure. Besides, the results will help to highlight the need in the rest of the world to include these patients in the different multicenter studies. Primary objective: To compare changes in walked meters from baseline six minute walking test (6MWT) to 23:45 hours after one dose of Indacaterol (150µg) vs Tiotropium (18µg) in patients with moderate to severe COPD secondary to biomass exposure. Secondary efficacy Objectives are: 1. To compare changes in Inspiratory Capacity (IC) from baseline (‐10 minutes) to 30, 60, 240 minutes and 23:45 hours post dose of Indacaterol (150 µg) vs Tiotropium (18µg) in patients with with biomass smoke COPD. 2. To compare changes in FEV1 from baseline (‐10 minutes) to 30, 60, 240 min and 23:45 hours post dose of Indacaterol (150 µg) vs Tiotropium (18µg) in patients with biomass smoke COPD. 3. To compare the 'trough' FEV1 (mean of values at 23 h 10 min and 23 h 45 min post‐dose) after one dose of indacaterol vs tiotropium in patients with COPD secondary to biomass exposure. 5. To compare the frequency of adverse events presented during the study, between indacaterol vs tiotropium arm. Methodology: The "trough" FEV1 value which was based on the mean of two measurements taken 23 h 10 min and 23 h 45 min following the previous day's morning dose. Other secondary endpoints will be: ‐ FEV1 (in milliliters) and Inspiratory Capacity (IC in milliliters) will be measured frpm baseline (‐10 min) to 30, 60, 90, 120 and 240 minutes post bronchodilators. ‐ Dyspnea perception will be measured by the 10 points Borg scale, from baseline to 30, 60, 120 and 240 minutes post bronchodilators. 4. To compare changes in dyspnea perception by using the Borg scale from baseline (‐10 minutes) to 30, 60, 240 min and 23:45 hours post dose of Indacaterol (150 µg) vs Tiotropium (18 µg) in patients with COPD secondary to biomass exposure. This will be an open label study conducted at specialized respiratory care center (National Institute of Respiratory Diseases, Mexico) to compare the 24 hours response to two long acting bronchodilators (Indacaterol vs Tiotropium), after one inhaled dose. The primary endpoint will be changes in walked meters (6MWT) from baseline to 30, 60, 120 and 240 minutes post dose of Indacaterol (150 µg) vs Tiotropium (18µg) in patients with moderate to severe COPD secondary to biomass exposure. The key secondary endpoint will be the 'trough' FEV1 in milliliters (mean of values at 23 h 10 min and 23 h 45 min) post dose of Indacaterol (150 µg) vs Tiotropium (18 µg) in patients with moderate to severe COPD secondary to biomass exposure. In all patients spirometry will be performed serially over 24 h postdose. The design implies a crossover treatment in order to avoid variability between subjects and guarantee the outcome measures. There will be 40 intervention patients with 40 controls (crossover design). The study comprised a pre‐screening visit, a 7‐day screening period, and one day, 1‐week treatment periods. At the baseline visit, eligible patients were randomized equally to one of two treatment sequences (A or B) to receive either indacaterol 150 µg once‐daily or Tiotropium 18 µg once‐daily, followed by the other bronchodilator (Tiotropium or Indacaterol) each of them via a single‐dose dry powder inhaler (SDDPI). Each treatment period was separated by a washout period of 7 days. Number of centers & patients: 1 center with 40 patients, sequentially exposed to the two option treatment and will be their own control. It was decided making a self control design with crossover treatment in order to avoid variability between subjects and guarantee the outcome measures. Sample size justification: The sample size was calculated considering a power of 80% and a alpha value of 0.05 and two tails. Taking the minimal clinical significance value for 6 minutes walking test of 54 meters and standard deviation of 95 meters (BODE study). Because of the design of the study the investigators expected minimal patient withdrawn (less than 10%). Population: It is known that COPD secondary to biomass exposure patients commonly have a frequent exacerbation phenotype compared with patients with COPD secondary to tobacco smoke, and the investigators also expect that this phenotype would have the major benefit of the therapy. That´s why there will be included COPD patients in groups B, C or D, according to GOLD update 2011. Pharmacovigilance requirements: All the Adverse Events (AE) would be reported following the procedure for Serious Adverse Events (SAEs) Report. In order to guarantee the safety of the patient, any AE occurring after patients began with the treatment of indacaterol. All the recurrence, complications or progression of the original AE must be reported as follow up of the original event, no matter when it was presented. This report should be submitted during the first 24 hours after the treating physician receive the notification. Any AE that is not considered to be related to the previous reported AE, should be informed as a new event. All SAEs shall be collected and registered in Serious Adverse Event Report Form. Outcome measurements: Primary: Walked meters on six minute walking test. Secondary: inspiratory capacity and post bronchodilator measures changes from basal measures . 1. Changes from baseline in pulmonary function and inspiratory capacity. 2. Changes from baseline in the total score of the Borg scale for dyspnea measure.
 Extrafine triple therapy delays COPD clinically important deterioration vs ICS/LABA, LAMA, or LABA/LAMA;  Background: Current pharmacological therapies for COPD improve quality of life and symptoms and reduce exacerbations. Given the progressive nature of COPD, it is arguably more important to understand whether the available therapies are able to delay clinical deterioration; the concept of “clinically important deterioration” (CID) has therefore been developed. We evaluated the efficacy of the single‐inhaler triple combination beclometasone dipropionate, formoterol fumarate, and glycopyrronium (BDP/FF/G), using data from three large 1‐year studies. Methods: The studies compared BDP/FF/G to BDP/FF (TRILOGY), tiotropium (TRINITY), and indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY; TRIBUTE). All studies recruited patients with symptomatic COPD, FEV1 <50%, and an exacerbation history. We measured the time to first CID and to sustained CID, an endpoint combining FEV1, St George’s Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ), moderate‐to‐severe exacerbations, and death. The time to first CID was based on the first occurrence of any of the following: a decrease of ≥100 mL from baseline in FEV1, an increase of ≥4 units from baseline in SGRQ total score, the occurrence of a moderate/severe COPD exacerbation, or death. The time to sustained CID was defined as: a CID in FEV1 and/or SGRQ total score maintained at all subsequent visits, an exacerbation, or death. Results: Extrafine BDP/FF/G significantly extended the time to first CID vs BDP/FF (HR 0.61, P<0.001), tiotropium (0.72, P<0.001), and IND/GLY (0.82, P<0.001), and significantly extended the time to sustained CID vs BDP/FF (HR 0.64, P<0.001) and tiotropium (0.80, P<0.001), with a numerical extension vs IND/GLY. Conclusion: In patients with symptomatic COPD, FEV1 <50%, and an exacerbation history, extrafine BDP/FF/G delayed disease deterioration compared with BDP/FF, tiotropium, and IND/GLY. Trial registration: The studies are registered in ClinicalTrials.gov: TRILOGY, NCT01917331; TRINITY, NCT01911364; TRIBUTE, NCT02579850.
 Efficacy and safety of once-daily single-Inhaler TRiple (Trelegy Ellipta) therApy for Japanese with mild to moderate COPD in Kyushu (TRACK study);  INTERVENTION: Triple therapy group: Inhale 100 ug of fluticasone, 62.5 ug of umeclidinium and 25 ug of vilanterol once daily for 24 weeks with an ellipta inhaler. Combination therapy group: Inhale 62.5 ug of umeclidinium and 25 ug of vilanterol once daily for 24 weeks. CONDITION: Mild to moderate COPD ; COPD PRIMARY OUTCOME: Average change in trough FEV1 after 12 weeks of treatment from baseline SECONDARY OUTCOME: Subjects who improve by 2 points or more or 4 points or more after 24 weeks of treatment using the minimum clinically significant change in the CAT score or the total score of SGRQ are considered to be effective patients (effective persons).; Find out the percentage of effective persons. INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1.40 years old and over 2.Mild to moderate COPD 3.Impairments of QOL (>=7 points of total COPD assessment test [CAT] score). 4.Airflow obstruction <0.7 of an FEV1/FVC ratio and %FEV1 predicted >50% assessed by Japanese Respiratory Society (JRS) criteria [32, 33] after administration of short‐acting beta2 agonist (SABA). 5.Patients without a history of severe exacerbations in the last 12 months. 6.Prescription of LAMA or LABA alone monotherapy, or treatment naive Gender and smoking history do not matter. Non‐smokers, passive smokers, former smokers and current smokers can all be registered.
 Bzlood eosinophil counts and treatment response in COPD: analyses of IMPACT;  The abstract will be presented as an ENCORE by Dr. Marcel Reeh on behalf of the authors with their permissions. It was presented at ERS 2018 in Paris. Advertorial Background IMPACT is a landmark > 10,000 patient study that simplifies patient care in COPD and prospectively identifies phenotypes/endotypes associated with preferential response to inhaled maintenance treatments. Previous studies have shown a relation between ICS‐associated reduction in the rate of acute exacerbation of COPD (AECOPD) and baseline blood eosinophil count (BEC). Methods IMPACT is a randomised, double‐blind, parallel‐group, 52‐week, global study comparing once‐daily fluticasone furoate(FF)/umeclidinium(UMEC)/vilanterol(VI) to components FF/VI and UMEC/VI. Eligible patients had moderate to severe COPD and experienced > 1 moderate/severe AECOPD in the past 12 months. We used negative binomial regression with fractional polynomials for modelling of continuous BEC, to model the number of moderate/severe AECOPD, comparing subjects in the 3 treatment groups. Results The magnitude of benefit of ICS containing arms (FF/UMEC/VI [N = 4,151] and FF/VI [N = 4,134]) compared to non‐ICS (UMEC/VI [N = 2,070]) in reducing the rate of moderate/severe AECOPD increased in proportion to BEC ([Fig. 1]). Modeled data showing relationship between BEC and rate of moderate/severe exacerbations by treatment, point estimates show data fitted in quintiles. Conclusions In exacerbating COPD patients treated with UMEC/VI but not in those receiving FF (ICS), exacerbation rate increases with increasing BEC. Baseline BEC is linked with FF‐associated exacerbation reduction on a continuous scale. This analysis prospectively confirms the value of BEC in the management of COPD.
 Indacaterol/glycopyrronium improves lung function and health status versus salmeterol/fluticasone in moderate-to-very severe COPD patients irrespective of prior ICS/LABA/LAMA therapy: the flame study;  Background and Aims: Current guidelines recommend LABA/LAMA as the first‐line treatment option for GOLD group D patients and ICS/LABA/LAMA (triple therapy) for patients who are at a higher risk of exacerbations.1The FLAME study demonstrated the superiority of inda‐caterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY) in reducing exacerbations and improving lung function and health status versus salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) in moderate‐to‐very severe COPD patients with a history of exacerbations.2 We compared the effect of IND/GLY versus SFC on lung function and health status in COPD patients based on their baseline triple therapy use. Methods: FLAME was a 52‐week, multicentre, double‐blind, parallel‐group, double‐dummy active‐controlled study. Eligible patients were randomised (1:1) to IND/GLY 110/50 μg o.d. and SFC 50/500 μg b.i.d. Change from baseline in pre‐dose trough FEV1 and St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire for COPD (SGRQ‐C) total score was assessed using a mixed model of repeated measures at post‐baseline visits (Weeks 4, 12, 26, 38, and 52) in patients with/without prior triple therapy use. Results: Of 3362 patients randomised, 1149 (34.2%) received triple therapy at screening. Pre‐dose trough FEV1 was significantly improved in patients receiving IND/GLY versus SFC, irrespective of prior triple therapy use, and this improvement was maintained throughout the treatment period (all P values < 0.001). Improvement in SGRQ‐C score was greater with IND/GLY versus SFC at Week 12 and was maintained over the entire 52‐week treatment period in patients without prior triple therapy use. In patients taking prior triple therapy, SGRQ‐C improvement was numerically greater with IND/GLY and this difference was statistically significant at Week 38 (Table). Conclusion: Indacaterol/glycopyrronium was more effective in improving lung function and health status in symptomatic patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD, irrespective of prior triple therapy use. These results confirm the place of indacaterol/glycopyrronium as a first‐line treatment option for COPD patients at a risk of exacerbations.
 Indacaterol/glycopyrronium improves lung function and health status versus salmeterol/fluticasone in moderate-to-very severe COPD patients irrespective of prior ICS/LABA/LAMA therapy: the flame study;  Introduction Exacerbations are associated with accelerated lung function decline and reduced quality of life.1 Current guidelines recommend LABA/ICS combination and/or a LAMA as the first‐line treatment option and ICS/LABA/LAMA (triple therapy) as an alternative choice of treatment for COPD patients at a higher risk of exacerbations.2 FLAME was the first landmark study that demonstrated the superiority of indacaterol/glycopyrronium in reducing exacerbations and improving lung function and health status versus salmeterol/fluticasone in patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD and a history of exacerbations.3 In this sub‐group analysis from the FLAME study, we compared the effect of indacaterol/glycopyrronium versus salmeterol/fluticasone on lung function and health status in COPD patients based on their use of triple therapy at baseline Methods FLAME was a 52‐week, multicenter, randomized, double‐blind, double‐dummy, parallel‐group, active‐controlled study. Patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD, post‐bronchodilator forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) ≥25% and <60%, and a history of ≥1 exacerbation in the previous year were randomized (1:1) to receive either indacaterol/glycopyrronium 110/50 μg once daily or salmeterol/fluticasone 50/500 μg twice daily. The present analysis assessed the change from baseline in pre‐dose trough FEV1 and St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire for COPD (SGRQ‐C) total score using a mixed model for repeated measures at post‐baseline visits (Weeks 4, 12, 26, 38, and 52) in patients with or without prior triple therapy use at baseline. Results Of the 3362 patients randomized, 1149 (34.2%) had been receiving triple therapy at screening. Pre‐dose trough FEV1 was significantly improved in patients receiving indacaterol/glycopyrronium versus salmeterol/fluticasone, irrespective of prior triple therapy use, and this improvement was maintained throughout the treatment period (all P values < 0.001). Improvement in SGRQ‐C score was greater in the indacaterol/glycopyrronium group versus the salmeterol/fluticasone group beginning at Week 12 and was maintained over the entire 52‐week treatment period in patients without prior triple therapy use. In patients taking prior triple therapy, SGRQ improvement was numerically greater with indacaterol/glycopyrronium and this difference was statistically significant at Week 38 (Table). Conclusion Indacaterol/glycopyrronium was more effective in improving lung function and health status in patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD, irrespective of use of prior triple therapy. These results confirm the place of indacaterol/glycopyrronium as a first‐line treatment option for COPD patients at a risk of exacerbations(Table presented).
 Effect of Age on the Efficacy and Safety of Once-Daily Single-Inhaler Triple-Therapy Fluticasone Furoate/Umeclidinium/Vilanterol in Patients With COPD: a Post Hoc Analysis of the Informing the Pathway of COPD Treatment Trial;  BACKGROUND: In the Informing the Pathway of COPD Treatment (IMPACT) trial, single‐inhaler triple‐therapy fluticasone furoate (FF), umeclidinium (UMEC), and vilanterol (VI) reduced moderate/severe exacerbation rates vs FF/VI and UMEC/VI in patients with symptomatic COPD and a history of exacerbations, with a similar safety profile. RESEARCH QUESTION: Are trial outcomes with single‐inhaler triple‐therapy FF/UMEC/VI vs FF/VI and UMEC/VI affected by age in patients with symptomatic COPD and a history of exacerbations? STUDY DESIGN AND METHODS: IMPACT was a phase III, double‐blind, 52‐week trial. Patients ≥ 40 years of age with symptomatic COPD and ≥ 1 moderate/severe exacerbation in the previous year were randomly assigned 2:2:1 to FF/UMEC/VI 100/62.5/25 μg, FF/VI 100/25 μg, or UMEC/VI 62.5/25 μg. End points assessed by age included annual rate of moderate/severe exacerbations, change from baseline (CFB) in trough FEV1, proportion of St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) responders (≥ 4 units decrease from baseline in SGRQ total score), and safety. RESULTS: The intention‐to‐treat population comprised 10,355 patients; 4,724 (46%), 4,225 (41%), and 1,406 (14%) were ≤ 64, 65 to 74, and ≥ 75 years of age, respectively. FF/UMEC/VI reduced on‐treatment moderate/severe exacerbation rates vs FF/VI (% reduction [95% CI]: ≤ 64 years, 8% [‐1 to 16]; P = .070; 65‐74 years, 22% [14‐29]; P < .001; ≥ 75 years, 18% [3‐31]; P = .021) and vs UMEC/VI (≤ 64 years, 16% [7‐25]; P = .002; 65‐74 years, 33% [25‐41]; P < .001; ≥ 75 years, 24% [6‐38]; P = .012), with greatest rate reduction seen in the 65 to 74 and ≥ 75 years subgroups. Post hoc analyses of CFB in trough FEV1 and proportion of SGRQ responders at week 52 were significantly greater with FF/UMEC/VI than with FF/VI or UMEC/VI in all subgroups. No new safety signals were identified. INTERPRETATION: FF/UMEC/VI reduced the rate of moderate/severe exacerbations and improved lung function and health status vs FF/VI and UMEC/VI irrespective of age for most end points, with a similar safety profile. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov; No.: NCT02164513; URL: www.clinicaltrials.govCTT116855.
 Study of step down from high dose of salmeterol/fluticasone propionate combination(SFC) with tiotropium to middle dose of SFC + ciclesonide(CIC) with tiotropium in well controlled asthmatic patients with COPD;  INTERVENTION: ciclesonide CONDITION: Asthmatic patients with COPD PRIMARY OUTCOME: ACT score at three month and six month INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1)total or well controlled asthmatic patients with COPD treated with SFC(500ug/day) + tiotropium 2)ex‐smoker 3)FEV1% < 70% 4)asthma control test score >= 20 5)no medication change for 12weeks
 Efficacy and safety of free triple combination of extrafine glycopyrronium bromide and beclomethasone dipropionate plus formoterol fumarate (foster®) in COPD patients;  Background : This study evaluated the efficacy and safety of a free combination of three extrafine doses of CHF 5259 glycopyrronium bromide (GB), on top of the extrafine fixed dose combination of beclomethasone dipropionate plus formoterol fumarate (Foster®) in a pressurised metered dose inhaler (pMDI) given twice daily , for the treatment of COPD patients Methods: In this multicentre, double‐blind, active‐controlled, 4‐way cross‐over study, COPD patients with a post‐bronchodilator FEV1 30‐60% of the predicted normal value, were randomized to one out of four sequences including four treatment periods: Foster® + GB 25 μg, Foster® + GB 50 μg, Foster® + GB 100 μg and Foster® alone. Each treatment period lasted 7 days and was separated by a wash‐out period of 7 days on Foster® pMDI. The primary objective of the study was to evaluate the efficacy of the free combinations compared with Foster® alone in terms of FEV1AUC0‐12h normalised by time on Day 7. Results: A total of 178 patients were randomized, (mean age 63 years, 70% males, mean FEV1 at screening: 48.9% predicted. The primary efficacy analysis demonstrated the superiority of the three combinations of Foster® + GB vs. Foster® alone, with greater improvement of FEV1 AUC 0‐12h normalised by time on Day 7 with all free triple combinations than with Foster® alone. Compared to Foster® alone the adjusted mean differences were: 87 mL with Foster® + GB 25 μg, 100 mL with Foster® + GB 50 μg and 112 mL with Foster + GB 100 μg (p‐values <0.001). Similar improvements were observed for peak FEV1 on Day 7: 83 mL, 90 mL and 101 mL with Foster® + GB 25 μg, Foster® + GB 50 μg and Foster + GB 100 μg respectively (p‐values <0.001). No moderate or severe adverse events were reported in any arm. Conclusion: The extrafine combination of Foster® + GB resulted in clinically relevant improvements in lung function compared to Foster® alone, supporting the use of triple combination in COPD patients.
 Single inhaler, once-daily, triple therapy (ICS/LAMA/LABA) in patients with advanced COPD: health-related quality of life (HRQOL) and activity outcome results from the fulfil trial;  Rationale: The randomized, phase III FULFIL trial demonstrated statistically significant improvements in lung function, St George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) total score, and COPD exacerbations with once‐daily fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) 100μg/62.5μg/25μg via a single ELLIPTA® inhaler versus twice‐daily budesonide/formoterol (BUD/FOR) 400μg/12μg via the Turbuhaler® in patients aged ≥40 years with advanced, symptomatic COPD at risk of exacerbations (Lomas, et al. ERS 2016). We report results for additional measures of health status: COPD Assessment Test™ (CAT) score, SGRQ domain scores and measures of physical activity. Methods: Eligible participants had a screening CAT score ≥10. Participants completed the CAT and SGRQ for COPD at day 1 (D1), week 4 (W4), and week 24 (W24); answered a daily question on activity limitation using an e‐diary; and completed Global Ratings of Activity Limitation at D1 and W24 and the Global Impression of Change in Activity Limitation (compared with previous visit) at all visits. Results: 1810 participants were included in the intent‐to‐treat population (FF/UMEC/VI, n=911; BUD/FOR, n=899). A clinically meaningful improvement in mean CAT score (decrease of ≥2 units from baseline) was observed with FF/UMEC/VI at W4 (‐2.0) and W24 (‐2.5); the treatment differences compared with BUD/FOR were statistically significant at W4 (‐0.7; 95% confidence interval [CI] ‐1.2, ‐0.2; p=0.003) and W24 (‐0.9; 95% CI ‐1.4, ‐0.4; p<0.001) (Table). At W24, the odds ratio (OR) of being a CAT responder (clinically meaningful improvement in CAT score) versus a non‐responder favored FF/UMEC/VI (1.44; 95% CI 1.19, 1.75; p<0.001). Improvements were observed with FF/UMEC/VI for all SGRQ domains at W4 and W24, except for activity score at W4. With BUD/FOR, improvements were only observed for symptoms and impacts scores at W24. At baseline, most participants in the FF/UMEC/VI and BUD/FOR groups reported slightly limited/limited activity due to COPD. At W24, more participants in the FF/UMEC/VI group reported improvements in activity limitation, and the FF/UMEC/VI group had significantly higher odds of being in a better response category versus a worse category for Global Impression of Change in Activity Limitation (ordered OR 1.58; p<0.001), compared with BUD/FOR. No significant differences were seen between groups in the proportion of days when participants reported more activities than usual; this may be due to the limited number of participants in each group who gave this response (Table presented).
 Pearl's PT010 triple combination provides comparable budesonide exposure to symbicort and comparable glycopyrronium and formoterol exposure to PT003;  Introduction: To our knowledge, no fixed‐dose triple combination has been formulated without a drug‐drug interaction (DDI). Budesonide (BD), glycopyrronium (GP), and formoterol fumarate (FF) MDI (BGF MDI, PT010) is a fixed‐dose ICS/LAMA/LABA in Pearl Therapeutics' co‐suspension technology in development for COPD. The objectives of this study were to identify a dose of BD in BGF MDI that provides comparable PK to BD following administration of Symbicort® MDI 320/9μg and assess whether a DDI exists, comparing PK of GFF MDI (PT003) to BGF MDI. Methods: This Phase I, randomized, double‐blind within device, single‐dose, crossover study randomized 84 healthy subjects to BGF MDI 320/14.4/9.6μg, GFF MDI 14.4/9.6μg and Symbicort MDI 320/9μg, and either: BGF MDI 160/14.4/9.6μg, BGF MDI 80/14.4/9.6μg or Symbicort MDI 160/9μg. PK parameters were derived from plasma concentration‐time data. Results: Bioequivalence (BE) was achieved for all relevant comparisons. (Table Presented) Similar observations were made for lower dose comparisons. Conclusion: No DDI was evident when comparing PK of BGF MDI to GFF MDI. Systemic exposure to BD following administration of BGF MDI 320/14.4/9.6μg was slightly higher but BE to Symbicort MDI 320/9μg.
 Indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY) reduces exacerbations compared with salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) in various sub-groups from the FLAME study;  Introduction LABA/ICS combination and/or LAMA have been the first choice of treatment for COPD patients with high risk of exacerbation. FLAME is the first study which compared rate and risk of exacerbations with IND/GLY to SFC in patients with at least one exacerbation in the previous year. Methods Patients with post‐bronchodilator FEV1 ≥25%‐<60% and ≥1 exacerbation in the previous year were randomised (1:1) to IND/GLY 110/50μg o.d. or SFC 50/500μg b.i.d. in this 52‐week, double‐blind study. The rate of all and moderate or severe exacerbations in different subgroups was compared in patients treated with IND/GLY or SFC. Results In total, 3362 patients were randomised. The rate of all exacerbations was lower with IND/GLY compared with SFC (Figure 1A) in subgroups defined by age, smoking status, exacerbation history, and disease severity. IND/GLY also reduced rate of moderate or severe exacerbations in all subgroups except for <55 years age and GOLD 4, however; the patient number in these subgroups were small (Figure 1B). Similar results were observed for all and moderate or severe exacerbations for other subgroups. Conclusions IND/GLY significantly reduced all and moderate or severe exacerbations, compared with SFC in many subgroups, demonstrating a consistent trend to the overall population. (Table Presented).
 Overnight deterioration of supine respiratory mechanics in COPD: impact of nocturnal aclidinium bromide/formoterol fumarate;  Introduction: Patients with COPD report poor sleep quality and overnight dyspnea. We measured overnight respiratory mechanics in health and COPD and determined how these were impacted by nocturnal long‐acting bronchodilation (aclidinium bromide/formoterol fumarate, AB/FF 400/12mcg). Methods: Subjects with moderate‐to‐severe COPD (n=20; FRC: 147.1±31.5%pred; post‐BD FEV1 : 55.7±15.9%pred) completed two treatment arms (2 weeks/each) in a randomized, double‐blinded crossover study: one arm=AB/FF BID, other arm=morning AB/FF + evening Placebo. Serial supine inspiratory capacity (IC), spirometry, and tidal transdiaphragmatic pressure (Pdi) and electromyography (EMGdi) were measured during a polysomnography visit at the end of each treatment arm in COPD and 20 age‐matched healthy controls (CTRL). Results: Baseline IC was lower in COPD (82±23%pred vs CTRL 109±24%pred, p<0.05). End‐expiratory lung volume increased (+434±386mL, p<0.05) and IC (‐265±378mL, p<0.05) and FEV1 (‐211±186mL, p<0.05) decreased overnight in COPD, but not in CTRL (IC: +11±214mL, p=0.82; FEV : ‐89±312mL, p=0.27). There was no change in FEV1 /FVC. AB/FF increased IC (+334±310mL) and FEV1 (+184±170mL, both p<0.05) vs Placebo, providing improvements (p<0.05) for 10hr post‐dose. AB/FF decreased total lung resistance (‐1.9±2.1cmH2O/L/sec, p<0.05) and Pdi (‐2.5±3.2cmH2O, p<0.05), improving EMGdi:tidal volume (Vt) ratio (‐9.9±10μV/L, P=0.021) without changing Vt or breathing rate. Conclusions: Overnight respiratory mechanics deteriorated progressively in COPD vs health. Nocturnal AB/FF provided sustained bronchodilatation and deflation, permitting equivalent ventilation with less inspiratory neural drive.
 Indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY) reduces exacerbation and improves lung function versus salmeterol/fluticasone (sfc) in patients with and without prior ics use: the flame study;  Introduction: Current GOLD strategy recommends use of LABA/ICS and/or LAMA as first choice treatment in COPD patients with high exacerbation risk (GOLD 2016). FLAME is the first study to compare the effect of IND/GLY (LABA/LAMA) vs SFC (LABA/ICS) in COPD patients with risk of exacerbations (≥1 moderate‐severe COPD exacerbation in the previous year). Here, we present data on exacerbation and lung function in patients with and without prior ICS use from the FLAME study. Methods: FLAME is a 52‐week, multicentre, double‐blind study. Patients with a post‐bronchodilator forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) predicted ≥25‐< 60% were randomised to IND/GLY 110/50 μg o.d. or SFC 50/500 μg b.i.d. Results: Of the 3362 patients randomised, 1893 (56.3%) were on prior ICS therapy. IND/GLY compared with SFC significantly (p < 0.05) reduced rate of all and moderate‐severe COPD exacerbations and significantly (p < 0.001) improved pre‐dose trough FEV1 and pre‐dose FVC, both in patients with/without baseline ICS use (Table). Conclusion: The FLAME study demonstrated significant reductions in rate of all and moderate or severe exacerbations and significant improvement in lung function irrespective of baseline ICS use in patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD (Table presented).
 Indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY) reduces exacerbation and improves lung function versus salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) in patients with and without prior ICS use: the FLAME study;  Introduction Current GOLD strategy recommends use of LABA/ICS and/or LAMA as first‐choice treatment in COPD patients with high exacerbation risk (GOLD 2016). FLAME is the first study to compare the effect of IND/GLY (LABA/LAMA) vs SFC (LABA/ICS) in COPD patients with risk of exacerbations (≥1 moderate‐ severe COPD exacerbation in the previous year). Here, we present data on exacerbation and lung function in patients with and without prior ICS use from the FLAME study. Methods FLAME is a 52‐week, multicentre, double‐blind study. Patients with a post bronchodilator forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) predicted ≥25‐<60% were randomised to IND/GLY 110/50μg o.d. or SFC 50/500μg b.i.d. Results Of the 3362 patients randomised, 1893 (56.3%) were on prior ICS therapy. IND/GLY compared with SFC significantly (p<0.05) reduced rate of all and moderate‐severe COPD exacerbations and significantly (p<0.001) improved pre‐dose trough FEV1 and pre‐dose FVC, both in patients with/without Conclusion The FLAME study demonstrated significant reductions in rate of all and moderate or severe exacerbations and significant improvement in lung function irrespective of baseline ICS use in patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD. (Table Presented).
 Indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY) reduces exacerbation and improves lung function versus salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) in patients with and without prior ICS use: the FLAME study;  Introduction Current GOLD strategy recommends use of LABA/ICS and/or LAMA as first‐choice treatment in COPD patients with high exacerbation risk (GOLD 2016). FLAME is the first study to compare the effect of IND/GLY (LABA/LAMA) vs SFC (LABA/ICS) in COPD patients with risk of exacerbations (=1 moderate‐severe COPD exacerbation in the previous year). Here, we present data on exacerbation and lung function in patients with and without prior ICS use from the FLAME study.Methods FLAME is a 52‐week, multicentre, double‐blind study. Patients with a post bronchodilator forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) predicted =25–<60% were randomised to IND/GLY 110/50µg o.d. or SFC 50/500µg b.i.d..Results Of the 3362 patients randomised, 1893 (56.3%) were on prior ICS therapy. IND/GLY compared with SFC significantly (p<0.05) reduced rate of all and moderate‐severe COPD exacerbations and significantly (p<0.001) improved pre‐dose trough FEV1 and pre‐dose FVC, both in patients with/without baseline ICS use (Table). Conclusion The FLAME study demonstrated significant reductions in rate of all and moderate or severe exacerbations and significant improvement in lung function irrespective of baseline ICS use in patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD.
 Chinese subgroup results from a study comparing single-inhaler triple therapy with dual therapy in COPD;  Rationale: The FULFIL study was a global, phase IIIa, randomised, double‐blind, double‐dummy, parallel‐group, multicentre study, which evaluated the efficacy and safety of once‐daily fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) 100/62.5/25μg combination inhalation powder versus twice‐daily budesonide/formoterol (BUD/FOR) 400/12μg in COPD patients. 1811 patients were randomised from 15 countries, including 61 from China. The overall data demonstrated the superiority of FF/UMEC/VI versus BUD/FOR in lung function and SGRQ with comparable safety. A pre‐defined subgroup analysis was conducted in Chinese COPD patients. Methods: The co‐primary endpoints were the changes from baseline in trough FEV and SGRQ score at 24 weeks. Analyses of endpoints included a treatment by region (China vs Not China) interaction term to allow treatment effects in Chinese patients to be estimated. Results: 61 Chinese patients were randomised (FF/UMEC/VI, n=32; BUD/FOR, n=29). At Week 24, a clinically meaningful improvement in trough FEV was observed with FF/UMEC/VI vs BUD/FOR (difference 195mL; 95% CI 67, 323; p=0.003). Additionally, FF/UMEC/VI demonstrated a clinically meaningful improvement in SGRQ total score compared with BUD/FOR of‐5.3 units (95% CI‐12.3, 1.7; p=0.140). The overall adverse event incidence was comparable (12 [37.5%] vs 9 [31.0%] for FF/UMEC/VI and BUD/FOR, respectively). Conclusions: In this Chinese subpopulation, FF/UMEC/VI demonstrated compelling efficacy compared with an established ICS/LABA on trough FEV and SGRQ, which is in keeping with the overall study findings. No new safety signals were observed..
 Effect of indacaterol/glycopyrronium versus salmeterol/fluticasone on hypothalamic pituitary-adrenal axis function in moderate-to-very severe COPD patients: results from the FLAME study;  Introduction As per GOLD strategy, ICS combined with a LABA and/or a LAMA is a first line choice to treat COPD patients (pts) at a high risk of exacerbations. However, there is widespread use of ICS in COPD pts who do not meet the GOLD criteria for its use. ICS use has been associated with systemic side effects such as suppression of hypothalamic pituitary‐adrenal (HPA) axis function (decreased production of endogenous glucocorticosteriods). This reflects the systemic burden of ICS which can be associated with long‐term consequences. Here, we present results for indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY; LABA/LAMA) vs. salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC; LABA/ICS) in terms of HPA‐axis function from the FLAME study. Methods FLAME was a 52‐week, multicentre, double‐blind study that randomised (1:1) moderate‐to‐very severe COPD pts (postbronchodilator FEV1 ≥25 and <60% predicted and ≥1 exacerbations in the previous year) to receive either IND/GLY 110/50μg o.d. or SFC 50/500μg b.i.d. HPA ‐axis function was assessed by measuring 24‐h urine cortisol level in a subset of pts. Results Of 3362 randomised pts, 535 were included in the urine cortisol set. Median urine cortisol level decreased by 8.67% with SFC treatment, while the level increased by 1.42% with IND/GLY treatment from baseline at Week 52. Consistently, median cortisol/creatinine ratio reduced with SFC (by 10.39%) and increased with IND/GLY (by 5.62%) from baseline following 52‐week treatment. Conclusion SFC but not IND/GLY treatment was associated with suppression of HPA‐axis function in moderate‐to‐very severe COPD patients, confirming systemic effects of SFC.
 Efficacy of indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY versus salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) on exacerbations and health status in GOLD Group D COPD patients: the FLAME study;  Introduction: According to current GOLD strategy combined COPD assessment, patients with severe‐to very severe COPD, high risk of exacerbations and more symptoms are categorised into GOLD Group D. They are recommended LABA/ICS and/or LAMA as first choice therapy. The FLAME study evaluated the rate of exacerbations with a LABA/ LAMA, IND/GLY 110/50 µg o.d. vs a LABA/ICS, SFC 50/500 µg b.i.d. in COPD patients with a risk of exacerbation. Methods: This 52‐week, multicentre, double‐blind study randomised (1:1) moderate‐to‐very severe COPD patients with history of =1 moderate‐severe COPD exacerbation in prior year, to IND/GLY and SFC. Here, we evaluated reduction in rate of all (mild/moderate/severe) and moderate or severe exacerbations, and improvement in health status using SGRQ‐C total score in GOLD Group D patients. Results: Of 3362 randomised patients, 74.8% were GOLD Group D. There was a significant reduction in rate of exacerbations with IND/GLY vs SFC. IND/GLY showed statistically significant improvement in SGRQ‐C total score vs SFC from Week 12 onwards. Also, higher proportion of patients with IND/GLY showed a clinically meaningful improvement in SGRQ‐C total score vs SFC (odds ratio: 1.32, p = 0.002). Conclusion: IND/GLY showed superior efficacy than SFC in reducing the rate of COPD exacerbations and improving the health status in GOLD Group D COPD patients.
 Single inhaler triple therapy (ICS/LAMA/LABA) in patients with advanced COPD: patient reported symptom and inhaler preference results from the fulfil trial;  Rationale: FULFIL was a phase III, randomized, double‐blind, double‐dummy trial comparing once‐daily fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) 100μg/62.5μg/25μg via a single ELLIPTA® inhaler with twice‐daily budesonide/formoterol (BUD/FOR) 400μg/12μg via the Turbuhaler® in patients aged.40 years with advanced, symptomatic COPD at risk of exacerbations. FULFIL demonstrated statistically significant improvements in lung function, St George's Respiratory Questionnaire total score, and COPD exacerbations with FF/UMEC/VI versus BUD/FOR (Lomas, et al. ERS 2016). Patient reported symptom severity (Evaluating Respiratory Symptoms in COPD [E‐RS:COPD], Transitional Dyspnoea Index [TDI], and Global Rating of Change in COPD Severity), rescue medication use, and inhaler preference were also assessed. Methods: The E‐RS:COPD and daily rescue medication use were completed each evening by participants in an e‐diary, a self‐administered computerized version of the TDI was completed at week 4 (W4) and week 24 (W24), and Global Rating of Change in COPD Severity was completed at all study visits. The COPD Inhaler Preference Questionnaire was completed at W24 (or at the study treatment discontinuation visit). Results: The intent‐to‐treat population included 1810 participants (FF/UMEC/VI, n=911; BUD/FOR, n=899). Over the 24‐week treatment period, FF/UMEC/VI produced greater reductions from baseline in mean E‐RS:COPD score compared with BUD/FOR (Figure); treatment differences were statistically significant for each 4‐week interval (p<0.001). The ratios between treatments of odds of response (≥2‐point decrease from baseline) versus non‐response were statistically significant in favor of FF/UMEC/VI (odds ratios [OR] ranging 1.59.1.76; p<0.001 for all time periods). Similar results were observed for each E‐RS:COPD subscale (breathlessness/cough and sputum/chest symptoms). FF/UMEC/VI demonstrated statistically significant improvements in TDI versus BUD/FOR at W4 (1.78 versus 1.29; difference 0.49; 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.24, 0.75; p<0.001) and W24 (2.29 versus 1.72; difference 0.57; 95% CI 0.30, 0.84; p<0.001). At W24, the FF/UMEC/VI group had significantly greater odds of being in a better response category versus a worse category for Global Rating of Change in COPD Severity from baseline (ordered OR 1.63; 95% CI 1.37, 1.95; p<0.001), compared with BUD/FOR. Over weeks 1.24, FF/UMEC/VI demonstrated a statistically significant reduction in occasions of rescue medication use per day, compared with BUD/FOR (mean treatment difference‐0.2 occasions/day; p<0.001). More participants (52%) preferred the ELLIPTA inhaler than the Turbuhaler (15%); 32% had no preference. [Table Presented]. Conclusions: FF/UMEC/VI was associated with greater improvements in E‐RS:COPD scores, TDI, and rescue medication use, compared with BUD/FOR. A larger proportion of participants preferred the ELLIPTA inhaler to the Turbuhaler.
 Efficacy of indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY) versus salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) on exacerbations and health status in gold group d COPD patients: the flame study;  Introduction: According to current GOLD strategy combined COPD assessment, patients with severe‐to very severe COPD, high risk of exacerbations and more symptoms are categorised into GOLD Group D. They are recommended LABA/ICS and/or LAMA as first choice therapy. The FLAME study evaluated the rate of exacerbations with a LABA/ LAMA, IND/GLY 110/50 μg o.d. vs a LABA/ICS, SFC 50/500 μg b.i.d. in COPD patients with a risk of exacerbation. Methods: This 52‐week, multicentre, double‐blind study randomised (1:1) moderate‐to‐very severe COPD patients with history of ≥1 moderate‐severe COPD exacerbation in prior year, to IND/GLY and SFC. Here, we evaluated reduction in rate of all (mild/moderate/severe) and moderate or severe exacerbations, and improvement in health status using SGRQ‐C total score in GOLD Group D patients. Results: Of 3362 randomised patients, 74.8% were GOLD Group D. There was a significant reduction in rate of exacerbations with IND/GLY vs SFC. IND/GLY showed statistically significant improvement in SGRQ‐C total score vs SFC from Week 12 onwards. Also, higher proportion of patients with IND/GLY showed a clinically meaningful improvement in SGRQ‐C total score vs SFC (odds ratio: 1.32, p = 0.002). Conclusion: IND/GLY showed superior efficacy than SFC in reducing the rate of COPD exacerbations and improving the health status in GOLD Group D COPD patients (Table presented).
 Efficacy of indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY) versus salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) on exacerbations and health status in GOLD Group D COPD patients: the FLAME study;  Introduction According to current GOLD strategy combined COPD assessment, patients with severe to very severe COPD, high risk of exacerbations and more symptoms are categorised into GOLD Group D. They are recommended LABA/ICS and/or LAMA as first choice therapy. The FLAME study evaluated the rate of exacerbations with a LABA/LAMA, IND/GLY 110/50 μg o.d. vs a LABA/ICS, SFC 50/500 μg b.i.d. in COPD patients with a risk of exacerbation. Methods This 52‐week, multicentre, double‐blind study randomised (1:1) moderate to very severe COPD patients with history of ≥1 moderate‐severe COPD exacerbation in prior year, to IND/GLY and SFC. Here, we evaluated reduction in rate of all (mild/moderate/severe) and moderate or severe exacerbations, and improvement in health status using SGRQ‐C total score in GOLD Group D patients. Results Of 3362 randomised patients, 74.8% were GOLD Group D. There was a significant reduction in rate of exacerbations with IND/GLY vs SFC. IND/GLY showed statistically significant improvement in SGRQ‐C total score vs SFC from Week 12 onwards. Also, higher proportion of patients with IND/GLY showed a clinically meaningful improvement in SGRQ‐C total score vs SFC (odds ratio:1.32, p=0.002). Conclusion IND/GLY showed superior efficacy than SFC in reducing the rate of COPD exacerbations and improving the health status in GOLD Group D COPD patients. (Table Presented).
 Formoterol mono- and combination therapy with tiotropium in patients with COPD: a 6-month study;  Although guidelines recommend combining long‐acting bronchodilators in COPD, data are limited. We examined the clinical efficacy and safety of formoterol, tiotropium and the combination in patients with COPD. Eight hundred and forty‐seven patients with COPD (mean FEV(1) 52% predicted; FEV(1)/FVC 53%) were randomized to receive one of the following four treatments for 24 weeks: formoterol 10 microg b.i.d. plus tiotropium 18 microg o.d.; formoterol 10 microg b.i.d.; tiotropium 18 microg o.d., or placebo. The study was partially blinded (formoterol and placebo). For the primary endpoint, FEV(1) 2h post‐dose after 24 weeks, there were small differences in favour of the combination therapy versus formoterol (0.07 L, p=0.044) or tiotropium (0.06 L, p=0.066). All three treatments were superior to placebo (p<0.001). The combination was statistically superior to monotherapy for: the primary endpoint (p=0.044 vs. formoterol); FEV(1) 5 min after the first dose (p<0.001) and at 12 weeks (p<0.05 vs. tiotropium); and peak expiratory flow averaged over the first 6 weeks (p<0.001 vs. both). The three active treatments were significantly more effective than placebo for secondary endpoints: COPD‐related 'bad days', symptoms, use of rescue medication and peak expiratory flow, and aspects of health‐related quality of life. The overall incidence of adverse events was similar with all active treatments, although COPD‐related adverse events were more common with tiotropium. Combined bronchodilator therapy may be a valuable treatment option for patients with COPD.
 Multicenter, randomized, blinded, placebo controlled, cross over, single dose study to assess the effect of indacaterol (150 ?g) versus tiotropium (18 ?g) on Inspiratory Capacity in moderate COPD patients. - ND;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: Indacaterol Maleate Product Code: QAB149 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, hard capsule INN or Proposed INN: Indacaterol maleate CAS Number: 753498‐25‐8 Current Sponsor code: QAB149 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 150‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, hard capsule Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder INN or Proposed INN: Tiotropium bromide Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 18‐ CONDITION: moderate COPD ; MedDRA version: 12.0 Level: LLT Classification code 10029978 Term: Obstructive chronic bronchitis with acute exacerbation PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To demonstrate that a single dose of indacaterol 150 &amp;#956;g is non inferior to a single dose of tiotropium 18 &amp;#956;g with regard to the Inspiratory Capacity (IC) peak value (defined as maximum value within 4 h after inhalation). Primary end point(s): To demonstrate that a single dose of indacaterol 150 &amp;#956;g is non inferior to a single dose of tiotropium 18 &amp;#956;g with regard to the Inspiratory Capacity (IC) peak value (defined as maximum value within 4 h after inhalation). Secondary Objective: Key: To demonstrate that single dose of indacaterol 150 &amp;#956;g is superior to single dose of tiotropium 18 &amp;#956;g with regard to the IC peak value (defined as maximum value within 4 h after inhalation). Other Secondary: To compare indacaterol versus tiotropium efficacy in terms of FEV1 across the 4 hours of dosing. To compare indacaterol versus tiotropium efficacy in terms of Forced Volume Capacity (FVC) across the 4 hours of dosing. To compare indacaterol versus tiotropium efficacy in terms of Total Lung Capacity (TLC) across the 4 hours of dosing. To compare indacaterol versus tiotropium efficacy in terms of Airway Resistance (Raw) across the 4 hours of dosing. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients eligible for inclusion in this study have to fulfil all of the following criteria: 1. Male and female adults aged &#8805; 40 years who have signed an Informed Consent Form before any assessment is performed. 2. Co‐operative outpatients with a clinical diagnosis of moderate COPD (moderate as classified by the GOLD Guidelines, 2007 (Appendix 1), confirmed by spirometry and including all of the following: a) Smoking history of at least 10 pack years (both current and ex‐smokers); b) FEV1 < 80% and &#8805; 50% of the predicted normal value (Visit 1); c) Post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC < 0.7 (Visit 1) [Post refers to within 10‐15 min of inhalation of 400 ?g (4x100 ?g) of salbutamol]. Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range
 A randomized, double-blind, placebo controlled, multicenter, 3-period crossover study to compare the effect of indacaterol (150µg o.d.) on inspiratory capacity to placebo in patients with moderate COPD, using open label tiotropium (18µg o.d.) as active control - INSPIRATION;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: Indacaterol Product Code: QAB149 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, hard capsule INN or Proposed INN: Indacaterol maleate CAS Number: 753498‐25‐8 Current Sponsor code: QAB149 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 150‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, hard capsule Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Trade Name: Spiriva 18 Mikrogramm Product Name: tiotropium bromide Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, hard capsule INN or Proposed INN: TIOTROPIUM BROMIDE CAS Number: 139404481 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 18‐ CONDITION: moderate chonic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) ; MedDRA version: 12.0 Level: LLT Classification code 10010952 Term: COPD PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To demonstrate the superiority of indacaterol (150µg o.d.) compared to placebo with respect to Peak Inspiratory Capacity after 21 days of treatment. Primary end point(s): The primary objective of the study is to demonstrate that the efficacy of indacaterol is superior to placebo. Following this it should be shown as secondary objective, that indacaterol is not inferior to tiotropium (considering clinical relevance). Then, in a third step, superiority of indacaterol over tiotropium will be tested. Secondary Objective: Key Secondary Objective; •To demonstrate the non‐inferiority of indacaterol (150µg o.d.) compared to open label tiotropium (18µg o.d.) with respect to Peak Inspiratory Capacity (IC) after 21 days of treatment. ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Male and female adults aged = 40 years, who have signed an Informed Consent Form prior to initiation of any study‐related procedure 2. Co‐operative outpatients with a diagnosis of COPD (moderate as classified by the GOLD Guidelines, 2008) and including: a. Smoking history of at least 10 pack years b. Post‐bronchodilator FEV1 < 80% and = 50% of the predicted normal value (Visit 2). c. Post‐bronchodilator FEV1/FVC < 70% (Visit 2). (Post refers to within 10‐15 min of inhalation of 400µg (4x100 µg) of salbutamol, at Visit 2) Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range
 Indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY) is superior to salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) in improving the health status of patients with moderate-to-very severe COPD: results from the FLAME study;  Introduction Patients with COPD and at risk of exacerbations have poor health status (GOLD 2016); exacerbations are associated with worsening health status. The FLAME study compared the efficacy of dual‐bronchodilation with IND/GLY (LABA/LAMA) to SFC (LABA/ICS) in patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD with an increased risk of exacerbations. Outcomes compared include the health status of such patients. Methods This multi‐centre, double‐blind, 52‐week (wk) study randomised (1:1) patients (with moderate‐to‐ very severe COPD, history of ≥1 COPD exacerbation in the past 12 months and post‐bronchodilator FEV1predicted ≥25%‐<60%) to IND/GLY (110/50μg o.d.) or SFC (50/500μg b.i.d.). Health status was assessed using SGRQ‐C total score after 4, 12, 26, 38 and 52 wks of treatment. Results Of 3362 patients randomised, 82.2% completed 52 wks of treatment. The treatment difference between regimens in SGRQ‐C scores was between ‐1.2 and ‐1.8 (all p values ≤0.003) from wk 12 through wk 52 representing better health status in the IND/GLY arm. A higher proportion of patients in the IND/GLY arm (42.2‐49.5%) showed a clinically meaningful improvement (≥4units), from wk 12 onwards, vs SFC arm (40.0‐43.8%) (all p values ≤0.024). This improvement persisted over the 52‐wk period and, altogether, patients receiving IND/GLY were 30% more likely to achieve a clinically meaningful improvement in SGRQ‐ C scores at wk 52. Conclusions IND/GLY was superior to SFC in improving health status (SGRQ‐C) in patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD, suggesting its potential for management of COPD patients at risk of exacerbation.
 Efficacy of indacaterol/glycopyrronium versus salmeterol/fluticasone by gender in patients with moderate-to-very severe COPD: analyses from the flame study;  Introduction: COPD prevalence and mortality have recently increased more rapidly in women than in men and our earlier analyses suggests that, compared with LABA or LAMA monotherapy or LABA/ICS, indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY) may be a preferable start‐up treatment in both men and women with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD.1 This new analysis addresses the need for an improved understanding of how COPD affects men and women differently, and how treatments could be further optimized. Here we report the comparison of IND/GLY versus salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) in terms of efficacy outcomes in men and women from the FLAME study.2 Methods: In this 52‐week, double‐blind, double‐dummy, active‐controlled study, patients with ≥1 exacerbations in the previous year were randomized (1:1) to receive either IND/GLY 110/50 μg once daily via the Breezhaler® inhaler or SFC 50/500 μg twice daily via the Diskus® inhaler. Efficacy outcomes studied included annual rate of COPD exacerbations, lung function in terms of trough forced expiratory volume in 1 sec (FEV1), health‐related quality of life in terms of St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) total score, and rescue medication use. Results: Of 3362 randomized patients (men, 2257; women, 805), 82.1% completed 52 weeks of treatment. At baseline, women differed significantly from men, with more women being current smokers, using ICS, and having experienced at least 1 exacerbation before entering into the study, despite less severe airflow obstruction. Over 52 weeks, IND/GLY reduced the annual rate of all (mild/moderate/severe) and moderate‐to‐severe exacerbations versus SFC in both men and women. The wider confidence intervals observed in women are related to the smaller sample size. At Week 52, IND/GLY showed better improvement versus SFC in trough FEV1, SGRQ total scores, and rescue medication use in both men and women, with no significant differences between genders (Table). Conclusion: Even though baseline disease characteristics of women differed significantly from men, indacaterol/glycopyrronium showed better efficacy than salmeterol/fluticasone regardless of gender. These results support the benefits of indacaterol/glycopyrronium as a preferred therapy over salmeterol/fluticasone, in men and women patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD and a history of exacerbations.
 Improvement in SGRQ component score with indacaterol/glycopyrronium versus salmeterol/fluticasone: results from the flame study;  Introduction The St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire for COPD (SGRQ‐C) is a well‐recognized multi‐dimensional tool for the assessment of quality of life in patients with COPD. It consists of three components: symptoms, activity and impact providing information on changes in the physical and psychological states of patients with COPD. FLAME was the first landmark study to demonstrate superior efficacy of indacaterol/glycopyrronium in reducing the rate of exacerbations and improving quality of life versus salmeterol/fluticasone in patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD and ≥1 exacerbations within the previous year.1 Here, we report results from the FLAME study in terms of improvement in SGRQ‐C component scores with indacaterol/glycopyrronium compared with salmeterol/fluticasone. Methods: FLAME was a 52‐week, multicenter, randomized, double‐blind, double‐dummy, parallel‐group, active‐controlled study. The eligible patients were randomized (1:1) to once‐daily indacaterol/glycopyrronium 110/50 μg or twice‐daily salmeterol/fluticasone 50/500 μg. SGRQ‐C component scores were analyzed at different time intervals during 52 weeks. Results Of the 5328 screened patients, 3362 were randomized to receive indacaterol/glycopyrronium (n=1680) and salmeterol/fluticasone (n=1682). Indacaterol/glycopyrronium showed statistically significant improvement in health‐related quality of life by decreasing SGRQ total score compared with salmeterol/fluticasone group at all time points starting from Week 12 to Week 52. Similarly, SGRQ symptoms, activity and impact component score generally showed greater improvement with indacaterol/glycopyrronium than with salmeterol/fluticasone at all visits. Indacaterol/glycopyrronium was superior to salmeterol/fluticasone for symptoms component at all visits except at Week 26, for activity component at all visits from Week 12 to Week 52, and for impact component score versus salmeterol/fluticasone group at all visits except Week 52 (Table) (Table presented). Conclusions Indacaterol/glycopyrronium showed greater improvements in all SGRQ component scores compared with salmeterol/fluticasone in patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD. The results indicate that indacaterol/glycopyrronium should be an effective and preferred treatment option for the management of patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD.
 Improvement in SGRQ component score with indacaterol/glycopyrronium versus salmeterol/fluticasone: results from the flame study;  Background and Aims: The St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire for COPD (SGRQ‐C) is a well‐recognised multi‐dimensional tool for the assessment of quality of life (QoL) in patients with COPD. It consists of three components: symptoms, activity and impacts, providing information on changes in the physical and psychological states of patients with COPD. The FLAME study demonstrated superior efficacy of indacaterol/glycopyrro‐nium (IND/GLY) in reducing the rate of exacerbations and improving QoL versus salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) in patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD and ≥1 exacerbation within the previous year.1Here, we pre‐sent data demonstrating improvement in the SGRQ‐C component scores with IND/GLY compared with SFC, from the FLAME study. Methods: FLAME was a 52‐week, multicentre, randomised (1:1), double‐blind, double‐dummy parallel‐group, active‐controlled study that compared IND/GLY 110/50 μg o.d. and SFC 50/500 μg b.i.d. SGRQ‐C component scores were analysed at different time intervals during 52 weeks. Results: Of 5328 screened patients, 3362 were randomised to receive IND/GLY (n = 1680) and SFC (n = 1682). IND/GLY showed statisti‐cally significant improvement in health‐related QoL by decreasing SGRQ‐C total score compared with SFC group at all time points starting from Week 12 to Week 52. Similarly, SGRQ‐C symptoms, activity and impacts component score generally showed greater improvement with IND/GLY than with SFC at all visits. IND/GLY was superior to SFC for the symptoms component score at all visits except Week 26, for the activity component score at all visits from Week 12 to Week 52, and for the impacts component score versus SFC group at all visits except Week 52 (Table). Conclusion: Indacaterol/glycopyrronium showed greater and persistent improvements in all SGRQ‐C component scores compared with sal‐meterol/fluticasone from 12 weeks through 52 weeks of treatment in patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD. The results indicate that indacaterol/glycopyrronium is an effective treatment option in exacerbating patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD.
 Safety of indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY) compared with salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) in moderate-to-very severe COPD patients with prior exacerbations: results from the flame study;  Background and Aims: The FLAME study was the first study to show superiority of IND/GLY (a LABA/LAMA) versus SFC (a LABA/ICS) in exacerbating patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD.1 Here, we report the safety results from this study. Methods: FLAME was a 52‐week, multicenter, double‐blind study that randomized (1:1) patients with post‐bronchodilator FEV1, % predicted, ≥25% to <60% and ≥1 exacerbations in the previous year to receive either IND/GLY 110/50 μg once daily or SFC 50/500 μg twice daily. Safety assessments included adverse events (AEs), serious adverse events (SAEs), cardiovascular safety, pneumonia (requiring documentation by radiographic imaging), and oral candidiasis (requiring positive fungal culture). Additionally, hypothalamic‐pituitary‐adrenal (HPA) axis function was determined by measuring 24‐hour urine cortisol/creatinine ratio in a subset of patients. Results: Of the 3362 randomized patients, 3358 (IND/GLY, n = 1678; SFC, n = 1680) were included in the safety set. The overall incidence of AEs, SAEs and deaths was similar in both groups. In each group, the number of treatment‐emergent deaths was identical (1.4%). The occurrence of adjudicated cardiovascular deaths (IND/GLY, 0.5%; SFC, 0.7%) was similar between the treatment groups. Incidence of pneumonia was significantly lower with IND/GLY versus SFC (3.2% versus 4.8%; p = 0.02). Additionally, the incidence of serious pneumonia was lower in IND/GLY group compared with SFC (2.0% versus 3.2%). Significantly more patients developed oral candidiasis (p < 0.001) in the SFC group (4.2%) compared with IND/GLY group (1.2%). The median percentage change in 24‐hour urinary cortisol/creatinine ratio from baseline showed no change with IND/GLY (5.62%) but was significantly reduced by SFC (‐10.39%, p = 0.018). Conclusions: Indacaterol/glycopyrronium showed a favorable safety profile, with less pneumonia and oral candidiasis incidence, compared with salmeterol/fluticasone. Unlike salmeterol/fluticasone, indacaterol/glycopyrronium treatment was not associated with suppression of HPA‐axis function in exacerbating moderate‐to‐very severe COPD patients.
 Indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY) is superior to salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) in asian patients with moderate-to-very severe COPD at a high risk of exacerbations: flame study results;  Background and Aims: FLAME was the first study to compare a LABA/ LAMA (IND/GLY 110/50 μg once daily) with a LABA/ICS (SFC 50/500 μg twice daily) in patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD and at a high risk of exacerbations.1 We report the efficacy and safety of IND/GLY versus SFC in the Asian subgroup. Methods: This 52‐week, randomized, double‐blind study included patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD and with ≥1 exacerbations in the previous year. IND/GLY was compared with SFC in terms of effects on exacerbations, lung function (forced expiratory volume in 1 second [FEV1] and forced vital capacity [FVC]), health status (St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire [SGRQ]), rescue medication use, and safety. Results: A total of 510 Asian patients (IND/GLY, n = 250 or SFC, n = 260) were included in this analysis. A significant reduction in rate of moderate/ severe exacerbations (rate ratio [RR], 0.75; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.58‐0.97; p = 0.027) and numerically prolonged time to first moderate/ severe exacerbation (hazard ratio [HR], 0.77; 95% CI, 0.59‐1.01; p = 0.055) were observed in IND/GLY group versus SFC group. Significant improvements in lung function with treatment difference of 53 mL in trough FEV1 and 213 mL in trough FVC with IND/GLY versus SFC were seen at Week 52 (p < 0.001 for both). IND/GLY showed significant improvement in SGRQ‐C total score (‐3.1 units; p = 0.006) and numerical reduction in rescue medication use (treatment difference: ‐0.25 puffs/day; p = 0.058) versus SFC. Pneumonia incidence was 3.6% with IND/GLY and 7.7% with SFC. Incidence of oral candidiasis was 1.2% with IND/GLY and 7.7% with SFC. Other adverse events (AEs) rates were generally comparable between IND/GLY and SFC, while severe AEs were numerically higher in SFC group. Conclusions: IND/GLY was better than SFC in terms of moderate/severe exacerbations, patient‐reported outcomes and safety in Asian patients from the FLAME study.
 Efficiency of Budesonide Combined With Formoterol and Tiotropium in the Treatment of Acute Exacerbation of ACO;  ACO(asthma‐chronic obstructive pulmonary overlap) is a relatively new proposed clinical form of chronic airway disease. Guideline or preferring therapy for ACO is still evolving. Current clinical solution is when ACO presents like asthma, initial treatment will accord to the guideline for asthma , while it presents like COPD, COPD recommendation treatment (not alone ICS,but ICS in addition of LABA with or without LAMA) will be chosen, which are subjective. Although present guidelines has recommended that ACO should be treated with at last two inhalant, but limited date have proven it. A random controlled trial will be conducted to evaluate the efficiency of ICS(budesonide) combined with LABA (formoterol) and LAMA(tiotropium bromide) in the treatment of acute exacerbation of ACO,compared with the control group receiving tiotropium bromide with formoterol only.
 Cardiovascular (CV) safety of indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY) compared with salmeterol/fluticasone combination (SFC) in moderate-to-very severe COPD patients with prior exacerbations: the FLAME study;  Introduction LABA/ ICS combination and/or LAMA are recommended as the first‐choice of treatment for COPD patients (pts) with high exacerbation risk [GOLD 2016]. The FLAME study compared the effect of IND/GLY vs SFC on exacerbations in COPD pts at future risk of exacerbations. As these pts are also at risk for CV complications, here we present the CV safety of IND/GLY vs SFC from the FLAME study. Methods In this 52‐week multi‐centre double‐blind study, pts with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD (post‐ bronchodilator FEV1 predicted ≥25‐<60% and ≥1exacerbation in the previous year) were randomised (1:1) to IND/GLY 110/50μg o.d. or SFC 50/500μg b.i.d. CV safety data (non‐fatal major adverse cardiovascular events [MACE], atrial flutter/fibrillation, CV deaths, QTc prolongation) was assessed by an external adjudication panel. Results In total, 3362 pts were randomised (1:1), of whom 3358 were included in the safety set. The occurrence of new onset atrial fibrillation/flutter (IND/GLY, 0.4%; SFC, 0.5%) and non‐fatal MACE (IND/GLY, 1.4%; SFC, 1.3%) was similar in both treatment arms. No clinically meaningful differences were observed in ECG and vital signs [newly occurring or worsening QTcF values: >450ms (IND/GLY, 8.9%; SFC, 6.7%); >480ms (IND/GLY, 0.5%; SFC, 0.4%); >500ms (IND/GLY,0; SFC,0) and increase in QTcF of >60ms from baseline (IND/GLY, 0.5%; SFC, 0.3%)]. Overall, 20 adjudicated CV deaths occurred (IND/GLY, 9 [0.5%]; SFC, 11 [0.7%]). Conclusions IND/GLY has a favorable cardiovascular safety and tolerability profile, similar to SFC, in exacerbating pts with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD.
 Indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY) is more effective than salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) in reducing exacerbations, regardless of outcome measurement utilised: results from the FLAME study;  Introduction Current GOLD strategy recommends LABA/ICS and/or LAMA as first‐choice for treatment of COPD patients at risk of exacerbation. The FLAME study compared dual bronchodilation effect of IND/GLY (LABA/LAMA) vs SFC (LABA/ICS) on exacerbations in patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD and ≥1 exacerbation in the previous year. Methods This 52‐week, multicentre, double‐blind study randomised patients (1:1; post‐bronchodilator FEV1 predicted ≥25‐<60% and ≥1 exacerbation in the previous year) to IND/GLY 110/50 μg o.d. or SFC 50/500 μg b.i.d. Exacerbations were assessed using multiple outcome measures, including 1) e‐diary definition, 2) based on health care resource utilization, and 3) the EXACT‐PRO (14‐item patient reported e‐ questionnaire, completed by a subset of patients). The study was not statistically powered to detect differences between IND/GLY and SFC for EXACT‐PRO. Results Out of 3362 patients randomised, 82.2% patients completed 52 weeks of treatment and a subset of 13.5% patients completed the EXACT‐PRO. All measures of exacerbations demonstrated a lower rate of events in patients treated with IND/GLY compared with SFC (Table). Conclusions IND/GLY was more effective than SFC in reducing exacerbations. Results from EXACT‐PRO were similar to e‐diary, with statistical analysis reflecting smaller sample size. (Figure Presented).
 Indacaterol/glycopyrronium in symptomatic patients with COPD (GOLD B and GOLD D) versus salmeterol/fluticasone: ILLUMINATE/LANTERN pooled analysis;  Background: Indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY) is approved for maintenance treatment of adult patients with COPD. This post hoc analysis explored the efficacy and safety of IND/GLY versus salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) in symptomatic (Global Initiative for Chronic Obstructive Lung Disease [GOLD] B and GOLD D) patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD. Patients and methods: Data from LANTERN and ILLUMINATE studies were pooled and analyzed. In both studies, symptomatic COPD patients were randomized to once‐daily IND/ GLY 110 μg/50 μg or twice‐daily SFC 50 µg/500 μg. End points were pre‐dose trough forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1), standardized area under the curve for FEV1 from 0 to 12 hours (FEV1 AUC0–12 hours), peak FEV1, peak forced vital capacity (FVC), pre‐dose trough FVC, Transition Dyspnea Index (TDI) total score, St George’s Respiratory Questionnaire total score, rescue medication use and safety. Results: A total of 1,263 patients were classified as either GOLD B (n=809) or GOLD D (n=454). At week 26, IND/GLY demonstrated statistically significant improvement in all lung function parameters versus SFC in patients in both the GOLD B and GOLD D subgroups. TDI total score and rescue medication use were significantly improved with IND/GLY versus SFC in the overall population and in the GOLD B (TDI total score only) and GOLD D (rescue medication only) subgroups. IND/GLY also reduced the rate of exacerbations in the pooled population. Overall safety profile was comparable with a higher incidence of pneumonia in the SFC‐treated group. Conclusion: In this pooled analysis, IND/GLY demonstrated superior efficacy compared with SFC in patients in the GOLD B and GOLD D subgroups and supported its use in symptomatic COPD patients.
 Indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY) reduces the risk of exacerbations versus salmeterol/ fluticasone (SFC) in moderate-to-very severe COPD patients irrespective of prior ICS/LABA/lama therapy: the flame study;  Introduction: FLAME was the first study to show superiority of IND/GLY (LABA/LAMA) in reducing risk of exacerbations vs SFC (LABA/ ICS) in COPD patients with history of exacerbations. We report results regarding effect of IND/GLY vs SFC on COPD exacerbations in patients with or without prior ICS/LABA/LAMA triple therapy. Methods: FLAME, a 52‐week, randomised, double‐blind study, compared once‐daily IND/GLY 110/50 μg vs twice‐daily SFC 50/500 μg in patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD with ≥1 exacerbation in previous year. In this post hoc analysis, time to first COPD exacerbation (mild, moderate or severe) and moderate/severe COPD exacerbation with IND/GLY vs SFC were analysed. Additionally, treatment effects on rates of exacerbations were assessed in these patients. Results: Of 3354 patients included in this analysis, 1148 (34.2%) were on prior triple therapy. IND/GLY significantly reduced the risk of any exacerbation and moderate/severe exacerbation vs SFC in patients, irrespective of prior triple therapy (Table). IND/GLY numerically reduced the rate of any and moderate/severe COPD exacerbations vs SFC in patients with/without prior triple therapy (table). Conclusion: IND/GLY significantly reduces risk of exacerbations vs SFC, irrespective of prior triple therapy in exacerbating patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD (Table presented).
 Indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY) reduces the risk of exacerbations versus salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) in moderate-to-very severe COPD patients irrespective of prior ICS/LABA/LAMA therapy: the FLAME study;  Introduction FLAME was the first study to show superiority of IND/GLY (LABA/LAMA) in reducing risk of exacerbations vs. SFC (LABA/ICS) in COPD patients (pts) with history of exacerbations. We report results regarding effect of IND/GLY vs. SFC on COPD exacerbations in pts with or without prior ICS/LABA/LAMA triple therapy. Methods FLAME, a 52‐week, randomised, double‐blind study, compared once‐ daily IND/GLY 110/50μg vs. twice‐daily SFC 50/500μg in pts with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD with ≥1 exacerbation in previous year. In this post‐hoc analysis, time to first COPD exacerbation (mild, moderate or severe) and moderate/severe COPD exacerbation with IND/GLY vs. SFC were analysed. Additionally, treatment effects on rates of exacerbations were assessed in these pts. Results Of 3354 pts included in this analysis, 1148 (34.2%) were on prior triple therapy. IND/GLY significantly reduced the risk of any exacerbation and moderate/severe exacerbation vs. SFC in pts, irrespective of prior triple therapy (table). IND/GLY numerically reduced the rate of any and moderate/severe COPD exacerbations vs. SFC in pts with/without prior triple therapy (table). Conclusion IND/GLY significantly reduces risk of exacerbations versus SFC, irrespective of prior triple therapy in exacerbating patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD. (Figure Presented).
 Evaluation of Efficacy and Safety of Symbicort® as an add-on Treatment to Spiriva® in Patients With Severe COPD;  The purpose of this study is to investigate the effect of combined treatment with Symbicort and Spiriva, in terms of improvement of lung function, symptoms and inflammatory markers, in patients with severe COPD.
 FORWARD: a study of extrafine beclomethasone/formoterol compared with formoterol alone in patients with severe COPD and a history of exacerbations;  FORWARD, a phase III, randomised, double‐blind trial, compared the efficacy and safety of 48 weeks treatment with Foster® pMDI (extrafine beclomethasone dipropionate/formoterol fumarate, BDP/FF 100/6μg), 2 puffs bid versus Atimos® pMDI (extrafine FF 12μg), 1 puff bid, in patients with severe COPD. Co‐primary endpoints were pre‐dose morning FEV1 after 12 weeks of treatment and health care resource use defined exacerbation rate over 48 weeks (detection enhanced with EXACT electronic diary cards). The ITT population included 1186 severe COPD patients (69% males, mean age 64 years, post‐bronchodilator FEV1 42% of predicted) with a smoking exposure of ≥10 pack‐year and at least 1 exacerbation in the previous year. Salbutamol on an as‐needed basis, theophylline and tiotropium (if stable regimen prior to screening) were allowed. Results showed that, compared to FF, BDP/FF: (1) reduced exacerbation rate by 28% (rate ratio 0.72 [95% CI: 0.62, 0.84], p<0.001); (2) improved mean change in morning trough FEV1 from baseline to Week 12 (0.069 L [95% CI: 0.043, 0.095] p<0.001) and FEV1 or FVC 2hr post dose; and, (3) reduced EXACT‐reported symptoms scores over 48 weeks and SGRQ score at the end of treatment. The number of adverse effects was relatively small and similar in both groups. Most patients did not show changes of clinical concern in laboratory parameters, ECG or vital signs. Extrafine BDP/FF pMDI significantly reduced the annual exacerbation rate and improved lung function of severe COPD patients as compared to FF alone, thus supporting the positioning of this pMDI combination among the appropriate therapeutic options for these patients.
 Yiqi Huoxue Huatan Granule for Reducing Mortality in COPD With Chronic Respiratory Failure;  COPD is a highly prevalent disease, with a prevalence among people 40 years of age or older of 10.1% worldwide and 13.7% in China. COPD has become the third leading cause of death worldwide. COPD complicated by CRF is serious and has a high mortality rate. At present, ideal and effective treatment is inadequate. Traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) has some potential in improving outcomes in COPD with CRF. This is a multicenter, randomized, double‐blind, placebo controlled trial to evaluate the effect of Yiqi Huoxue Huatan granule on reducing mortality and improving quality of life in COPD with CRF. After a 14‐day run‐in period, 372 subjects will be randomly assigned to treatment group or control group for 52‐week treatment, followed by 52‐week follow‐up. The primary outcomes are all‐cause mortality and frequency of acute exacerbation of COPD. The secondary outcomes include clinical symptoms, COPD assessment test (CAT), arterial blood gas analysis, pulmonary function and duration of mechanical ventilation. Safety will also be assessed.
 Single inhaler extrafine triple therapy vs indacaterol/glycopyrronium in copd patients previously treated with laba/lama: post-HOC analysis of the tribute study;  Rationale: TRIBUTE was a 52‐week randomized, parallel group, double‐blind, active‐controlled study, where twice daily fixed triple combination of extrafine beclometasone dipropionate, formoterol fumarate and glycopyrronium (BDP/FF/G 87/5/9 μg), via pressurized metered dose inhaler (pMDI) demonstrated a superior clinical benefit in reducing exacerbations and improving the quality of life compared to once daily indacaterol and glycopyrronium (IND/GLY 85/43 μg) DPI in symptomatic COPD patients at risk for exacerbations. To investigate whether previous therapy with LABA/LAMA had any differential impact on treatment response, we conducted a post‐hoc analysis on the subgroup of patients treated with this medication at study entry. Methods: At study entry 383 out of 1532 patients (25.0%) had been previously treated with LABA/LAMA and were subsequently randomized to BDP/FF/G (n=184) or IND/GLY (n=199). Results: In the subgroup of patients treated with LABA/LAMA before screening, single inhaler extrafine triple therapy with BDP/FF/G reduced moderate/severe exacerbations by 24% (adjusted rate ratio: 0.76, 95% CI: 0.56 to 1.03, p=0.081) and improved SGRQ total score by ‐2.16 (CI 95%: ‐3.68 to ‐0.64, p=0.005) compared to IND/GLY. Conclusions: Although the limited sample size did not allow to achieve statistical significance in terms of exacerbation reduction, the findings of this analysis further confirm the superior clinical benefits provided by extrafine BDP/FF/G compared to IND/GLY and suggest a greater benefit (compared to the overall study population) in adding an ICS to double bronchodilator therapy in symptomatic patients at risk of exacerbations.
 Indacaterol/glycopyrronium in symptomatic patients with COPD (GOLD B and GOLD D) versus salmeterol/fluticasone: ILLUMINATE/LANTERN pooled analysis;  BACKGROUND: Indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY) is approved for maintenance treatment of adult patients with COPD. This post hoc analysis explored the efficacy and safety of IND/GLY versus salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) in symptomatic (Global Initiative for Chronic Obstructive Lung Disease [GOLD] B and GOLD D) patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Data from LANTERN and ILLUMINATE studies were pooled and analyzed. In both studies, symptomatic COPD patients were randomized to once‐daily IND/GLY 110 μg/50 μg or twice‐daily SFC 50 μg/500 μg. End points were pre‐dose trough forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1), standardized area under the curve for FEV1 from 0 to 12 hours (FEV1 AUC0‐12 hours), peak FEV1, peak forced vital capacity (FVC), pre‐dose trough FVC, Transition Dyspnea Index (TDI) total score, St George's Respiratory Questionnaire total score, rescue medication use and safety. RESULTS: A total of 1,263 patients were classified as either GOLD B (n=809) or GOLD D (n=454). At week 26, IND/GLY demonstrated statistically significant improvement in all lung function parameters versus SFC in patients in both the GOLD B and GOLD D subgroups. TDI total score and rescue medication use were significantly improved with IND/GLY versus SFC in the overall population and in the GOLD B (TDI total score only) and GOLD D (rescue medication only) subgroups. IND/GLY also reduced the rate of exacerbations in the pooled population. Overall safety profile was comparable with a higher incidence of pneumonia in the SFC‐treated group. CONCLUSION: In this pooled analysis, IND/GLY demonstrated superior efficacy compared with SFC in patients in the GOLD B and GOLD D subgroups and supported its use in symptomatic COPD patients.
 Comparison of copd maintenance treatments in the Salford lung study to that of Canadian clinical practice;  SLS COPD is a 12‐month open‐label randomized controlled trial comparing the effectiveness and safety of once‐daily inhaled fluticasone furoate 100mg/vilanterol 25mg (FF/VI) with usual care in COPD patients seen in routine practice. SLS COPD recruited patients from Salford, UK with a GP diagnosis of COPD and history of COPD exacerbations in the last three years. Treatment with FF/VI reduced moderate/severe exacerbations by 8.4%. Baseline therapy in SLS COPD are summarized below: We reviewed Canadian datasets to understand how treatment of patients in SLS COPD compares to that of Canadian COPD patients seen in a clinical setting. • The CAGE study, a survey of primary care physicians from Ontario and Quebec on 1090 COPD patients, reported 63% of patients on an ICS‐containing treatment as prescribed maintenance therapy across all COPD severities; 41% of patients were prescribed a single long‐acting bronchodilator (LABD) and 32% were prescribed 2 LABDs. • A prospective Canadian specialty practice assessment from Hernandez found that 34% of patients with a history of moderate or severe exacerbations were prescribed ICS/ LABA/LAMA combination therapy. • Data from member practice EMRs shows that 40% of COPD patients were on maintenance medication containing an ICS, 63% were on LAMAs and 38% were on LABAs. The overall use of ICS‐containing regimens as maintenance therapy of COPD patients seen in everyday clinical practice in Canada appears to be less than that observed in SLS COPD. When interpreting how the results of SLS apply to the Canadian clinical environment this should be taken into consideration.
 Single inhaler triple therapy in patients with advanced COPD (FULFIL): exacerbation/pneumonia composite outcomes;  Background: FULFIL reported statistically significant improvements in lung function and health status with once‐daily fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) 100μg/62.5μg/25μg via the ELLIPTA inhaler vs twice‐daily budesonide/formoterol (BUD/FOR) 400μg/12μg via the Turbuhaler in patients with advanced COPD (Lomas et al. ERJ 2016;48:PA4629). Given the clinical overlap of exacerbations and pneumonia, we analysed composites of these outcomes to assess the overall benefit/risk of FF/UMEC/VI compared with BUD/FOR. Methods: We performed post‐hoc analyses in the ITT (24 weeks; FF/UMEC/VI, n=911; BUD/FOR, n=899) and extension (EXT; 52 weeks; FF/UMEC/VI, n=210; BUD/FOR, n=220) populations. There were two composite outcomes: time‐to‐first investigator‐reported moderate (required antibiotics or oral/systemic corticosteroids)/severe (required hospitalisation) exacerbation or pneumonia event (investigator reported by a prespecified list of preferred terms); and time‐to‐first severe exacerbation/hospitalised pneumonia event. Analyses were based on a proportional hazards model. Results: For moderate/severe exacerbation or pneumonia, FF/UMEC/VI had a statistically significant reduction in risk vs BUD/FOR of 25% (ITT; 109 [12%] vs 130 [14%]; p=0.027) and 44% (EXT; 37 [18%] vs 63 [29%]; p=0.006). For severe exacerbation/hospitalised pneumonia, FF/UMEC/VI had a lower risk vs BUD/FOR of 17% (ITT; 22 [2%] vs 24 [3%]; p=0.541) and 65% (EXT; 8 [4%] vs 23 [10%]; p=0.010). Conclusion: The results of these exacerbation/pneumonia composite outcomes support a favourable benefit/risk profile of once‐daily FF/UMEC/VI compared with BUD/FOR in patients with COPD.
 Study to Evaluate the 24-Hour Pulmonary Function Profile of Fluticasone Furoate/Vilanterol (FF/VI) Inhalation Powder 100/25mcg Once Daily Compared With Tiotropium Bromide Inhalation Powder 18mcg Once Daily in Subjects With COPD Who Have or Are At Risk for Co-morbid Cardiovascular Disease;  This is a randomized, double‐blind, double‐dummy, multi‐center, parallel‐group study. Subjects who meet the eligibility criteria at Screening and at the end of a 2‐week Run‐In Period will enter a 12‐week Treatment Period. There will be a 7‐day Follow‐up Period after the Treatment Period.
 Delayed time to first and subsequent exacerbations independent of season with indacaterol/glycopyrronium compared with salmeterol/fluticasone: the flame study;  Introduction: Seasonal differences have been identified in the pattern of COPD exacerbations.1 We compared the efficacy of indacaterol/glycopyroonium (IND/GLY) vs salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) in reducing exacerbations across seasons and in reducing the risk of multiple exacerbations in patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD. Methods: FLAME was a 52‐week, double‐blind, double‐dummy study, randomised (1:1) patients (with past year history of ≥1 exacerbation) to IND/GLY 110/50 μg once daily or SFC 50/500 μg twice daily2. Here, we assessed the rate of moderate/severe exacerbation, and time to first and subsequent exacerbations. Results: Of the 3362 patients randomised, 82.2% completed the 52 weeks of study treatment. IND/GLY significantly reduced the rate of moderate/severe exacerbation in both spring/summer and fall/winter seasons vs SFC (Table). IND/GLY significantly delayed the time to 1st, 2nd, and 3rd exacerbation (moderate/severe), with a 22% (95% CI, 14 to 30%; P<0.001), 24% (95% CI, 11 to 34%; P<0.001), and 29% (95% CI, 9 to 44%; P = 0.006) reduction in risk vs SFC, respectively. Conclusion: IND/GLY was more effective than SFC in reducing COPD exacerbations in both seasons and should be considered as the preferred first‐line treatment option in COPD patients at high risk of exacerbations. (Table presented).
 Defining the minimum clinically important difference (MCID) for the evaluating respiratory symptoms in COPD daily diary using global anchors: data from the FULFIL study;  Introduction and objectives FULFIL was a phase III, randomized, double‐blind, double‐dummy trial comparing once‐daily fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) 100 μg/62.5 μg/25 μg via a single ELLIPTA inhaler with twicedaily budesonide/formoterol (BUD/FOR) 400 mg/12 mg via the Turbohaler in patients aged ≥40 years with advanced, symptomatic COPD at risk of exacerbations (Lipson et al, Tabberer et al). FULFIL collected patient reported symptom severity using the Evaluating Respiratory Symptoms in COPD [E‐RS: COPD] every evening as an endpoint measurement. Patient Global Rating of Change (GRC) in COPD Severity was also assessed. Post hoc analysis was conducted to further define the MCID for the E‐RS: COPD total score and the domain scores using GRC anchors. Methods Daily E‐RS: COPD scores were aggregated into 4 week blocks to reduce daily variability in score. We used the change from baseline for E‐RS: COPD Week 21 to 24 in the intent‐to‐treat (ITT) population and Week 49 to 52 in the extension population (EXT) population. Change from baseline was mapped against GRC at week 24 (ITT) and week 52 (EXT). GRC was measured on a 7‐point Likert scale from much better to much worse. The analyses reported are independent of treatment effect. 1810 participants in the ITT population received randomised treatment up to week 24. The EXT population of 430 of these patients received up to 52 weeks of treatment. Results In this large single RCT, change from baseline score corresponding to GRC response of slightly better are generally lower than previously reported values (Leidy et al 2014) of‐2 total score,‐1 breathlessness and‐0.7 for both cough and sputum and chest symptoms domains (table 1). Conclusions Although MCID values calculated in this analysis, using GRC response of 'slightly better', are generally slightly lower than the published values (Leidy et al 2014, E‐RS: COPD user guide 2016); Leidy et al 2014 indicate that the values they report may be conservative estimates. This analysis of a single large RCT would support that conclusion.
 Can all patients with COPD use the correct inhalation flow with all inhalers and does training help?;  The inhalation rate is important when patients use an inhaler. Dry powder inhalers (DPIs) require an inhalation rate >30 L min(‐1) whereas metered dose inhalers (MDIs) should be used at <90 L min(‐1). Within the setting of a routine clinic, we have measured peak inhalation flows (PIF) of COPD patients when they used a Diskus (SDSK), Turbuhaler (STBH), Handihaler (SHAND) and MDI. Subjects were then randomised into trained (VT) and non‐trained (NT) groups. One hundred and sixty‐three patients with a mean (S.D.) age and % predicted FEV(1) of 72.5 (9.9) years and 47.8 (22.2)% completed the study. Of the patients, 4.9%, 14.2% and 57.0% inhaled <30 L min(‐1) through SDSK, STHB and SHAND, respectively and 59.5% inhaled >90 L min(‐1) with the MDI. Generally, the more severe the COPD, the slower was their PIF with all inhalers. The MDI PIF values in the VT group (n=84) post‐training were significantly (p<0.001) slower but there was no change for the DPIs. Of the 55 VT patients inhaling >90 L min(‐1) through the MDI only 7 (p<0.001) inhaled too fast post‐training. Pre‐training 3, 15 and 46 VT subjects inhaled <30 L min(‐1) through the SDSK, STBH and SHAND and after training none, 5 and 26 did not inhale faster than this minimum required rate. Some COPD patients have problems achieving required PIFs through DPIs but training is useful to help some exceed the minimum required rate despite only small improvements. The patients found it easier to slow their PIF through the MDI.
 Improvement in lung function and health status with indacaterol/glycopyrronium versus salmeterol/fluticasone in a subgroup of patients with ≥2 exacerbations in the previous year: results from the flame study;  Introduction: Current GOLD strategy recommends LABA/ICS and/or LAMA as first‐choice treatment for COPD patients with high exacerbation risk.1 Repeated COPD exacerbations are associated with accelerated decline in lung function, premature mortality and high economic burden. The FLAME study showed superiority of dual bronchodilation with indacaterol/glycopyrronium (LABA/LAMA) to salmeterol/fluticasone (LABA/ICS) in terms of reducing the rate of exacerbations in patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD with a history of exacerbation.2 Here, we compared the effect of these treatments on lung function and health status in a subgroup of patients with ≥2 exacerbations in the previous year from the FLAME study. Methods: This multicenter, double‐blind, 52‐week study randomized (1:1) patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD, history of ≥1 COPD exacerbation in the past 12 months and post‐bronchodilator FEV1 predicted ��25% and <60%, to indacaterol/glycopyrronium (110/50 μg q.d.) or salmeterol/fluticasone (50/500 μg b.i.d.). Lung function was assessed using pre‐dose trough FEV1 and health‐related quality of life (HRQoL) was evaluated in terms of St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire for COPD (SGRQ‐C) during the treatment period. Results: Of the 3362 randomized patients (indacaterol/glycopyrronium, 1680; salmeterol/fluticasone, 1682), 649 (19.3%) had ≥2 exacerbations in the previous year (indacaterol/glycopyrronium, 324; salmeterol/fluticasone, 325). In patients with ≥2 exacerbations in the previous year, indacaterol/glycopyrronium showed significant improvements in pre‐dose trough FEV1 from Week 4 through Week 52 with a treatment difference ranging from 0.063 L to 0.050 L representing better lung function compared with salmeterol/fluticasone (Table). Improvement in the HRQoL in terms of reduction in SGRQ‐C total score from baseline in patients with ≥2 exacerbations in the previous year was similar in both the treatment groups (Table). Conclusions: Indacaterol/glycopyrronium showed significant improvement in lung function versus salmeterol/fluticasone, which was consistent over the 52‐week treatment period. These results support the role of indacaterol/glycopyrronium as an effective treatment option for the management of COPD patients with ≥2 exacerbations in the previous year. (Table Presented).
 Once-daily indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY) reduces all exacerbations compared with twice-daily salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) in COPD patients with ≥1 exacerbation in the previous year: the FLAME study;  Introduction Current GOLD strategy recommends LABA/ICS and/or LAMA as first‐choice treatment for COPD patients with high exacerbation risk. FLAME is the first study, which compared the effect of IND/GLY versus SFC on exacerbations as the primary endpoint in COPD patients with a risk of exacerbation. Methods In this 52‐week multicentre double‐blind study, patients aged ≥40 years with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD, post‐bronchodilator FEV1 ≥25%‐<60% and a history of ≥1 exacerbation in previous year were randomised (1:1) to IND/GLY 110/50 μg o.d. or SFC 50/500 μg b.i.d. The primary endpoint was non‐ inferiority of IND/GLY to SFC in terms of the rate of all (mild/moderate/severe) COPD exacerbations. Results 3362 patients were randomised to IND/GLY (n=1680) or SFC (n=1682). Non‐inferiority of IND/GLY to SFC in terms of all exacerbation in the per‐protocol set (PPS; n=3084) was met, as the upper bound of the 2‐sided 95% CI was less than the pre‐defined non‐inferiority margin of 1.15 (RR: 0.89; 95% CI: 0.83, 0.96). IND/GLY showed superiority with regards to all exacerbations, both in the PPS and full analysis set (RR: 0.88;95% CI, 0.82 to 0.94) as the upper bound of the 2‐sided 95% CI was less than the superiority margin of 1. IND/GLY significantly prolonged the time to first all exacerbation with a 16% (HR: 0.84; 95% CI: 0.78, 0.91; p<0.001) reduction in risk compared with SFC. Conclusion IND/GLY significantly reduced the rate and risk of all exacerbations versus SFC, implying that it may be considered as a first choice therapy for treatment of COPD in patients at risk of exacerbation.
 Evaluating the Control of COPD Symptoms in Patients Treated With Tiotropium Bromide 18mcg Once Daily Alone, ADOAIR 50/250mcg Twice Daily Alone or ADOAIR 50/250mcg Plus Tiotropium Bromide 18mcg;  PROTOCOL SUMMARY Rationale Both ADOAIR and tiotropium bromide ( hereinafter tiotropium）are now well established, effective treatments for COPD and are frequently co‐prescribed (hereinafter TRIPLE therapy). The addition of ADOAIR to tiotropium improves lung function and quality of life and may further reduce exacerbations. GOLD 2011 thus recommends TRIPLE therapy as the second choice of COPD treatment strategy. However, the criteria for switching from each individual treatment to TRIPLE therapy are not clearly shown so far. This study will be conducted in Japanese subjects with COPD and will assess whether the GOLD 2011 strategy is effective in medical practice in Japan. Objective(s) The objective of the study is to assess the control of COPD using a symptom and exacerbation risk based treatment strategy based on GOLD 2011. Study Design Multicenter, randomized, double‐dummy, 24‐weeks, observational study Study Endpoints/Assessments Primary ‐ Proportion of patients who were able to remain on the randomized therapy Secondary ‐ Proportion of patients who switched to TRIPLE therapy ‐ Proportion of patients who controlled by TRIPLE therapy ‐ Proportion of patients controlled by randomized therapy plus TRIPLE therapy ‐ Time to switching to TRIPLE therapy ‐ Time to first exacerbation ‐ Proportion of diagnosed exacerbation confirmed by Daily Record Card ‐ Proportion of exacerbations detected by Daily Record Card not diagnosed ‐ CAT score change ‐ Change in FEV1 ‐ Use of relief medication ‐ Proportion of patients who decreased treatment from TRIPLE therapy ‐ Proportion of patients who required additional treatment to TRIPLE therapy ‐ Proportion of patients who dropped out ‐ Patients' judgment of treatment efficacy ‐ Physician's judgment of treatment efficacy Safety ‐ Adverse event reporting ‐ Exacerbations of COPD
 Effect of aclidinium/formoterol on lung hyperinflation, exercise capacity and physical activity in patients with COPD: results from activate, a phase iv study;  Rationale Reduced physical activity (PA) in COPD is linked to exercise intolerance due to hyperinflation. More active patients with COPD experience fewer symptoms, better quality of life and lower hospitalization rates, exacerbation rates, and mortality. ACTIVATE (NCT02424344) assessed the effects of aclidinium/formoterol (AB/FF) on lung hyperinflation, exercise capacity, and PA, with and without behavioral intervention (BI). Methods ACTIVATE was a Phase IV, multicenter, multinational, 8‐week, multiple‐dose, randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, parallel‐group study. Patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD were assigned 1:1 to twice‐daily AB/FF 400/12 μg or placebo from Week 1 to Week 8. From Week 4 to 8, all patients participated in a BI delivered as telecoaching via an interactive mobile application, with individualized goals and feedback. The primary endpoint was change from baseline in trough functional residual capacity (FRC) at Week 4. Other endpoints included change from baseline in post‐dose FRC, residual volume (RV), inspiratory capacity (IC) and trough forced expiratory volume in 1 second, cycle ergometry endurance time (ET), change from baseline in steps/day, percentage of inactive patients (<6,000 steps/day), and Daily PROactive Physical Activity in COPD (D‐PPAC) score at Weeks 4 and 8. Statistical significance of endpoints was assessed using ANCOVA, mixed‐effect model repeated measure, and logistic random‐effect models. Results In total, 267 patients were randomized. Patients receiving AB/FF showed a greater reduction in trough FRC compared with the placebo group (0.162 L vs 0.037 L), a difference that approached statistical significance (p=0.069) (Table); however, a Wilcoxon test was statistically significant (p=0.0034). Significant improvements in other static hyperinflationrelated endpoints (post‐dose FRC and RV) were observed. AB/FF significantly improved exercise IC at isotime and end of exercise at Weeks 4 and 8, versus placebo. Significant improvements in ET at Weeks 4 and 8 (approximately 1 min) were also observed. At Week 4, a significantly lower percentage of inactive patients was observed with AB/FF versus placebo (40.8% vs 54.6%), as well as an increase in the number of steps/day (Δ731; p<0.01) and improvements in other PA endpoints. Following BI, patients receiving AB/FF maintained the improvements in PA previously observed at Week 4; modest improvements were observed with placebo at Week 8. AB/FF was well tolerated with a safety profile comparable to placebo. Conclusions ACTIVATE demonstrated significant improvements in lung hyperinflation and exercise capacity with AB/FF 400/12 μg versus placebo. Notably, AB/FF demonstrated significant improvements in PA after 4 weeks, versus placebo. BI did not further augment these improvements at Week 8.
 Indacaterol/glycopyrronium reduces the risk of clinically important deterioration in patients with moderate COPD: results from the crystal study;  Background and Aims: Decreases in health status, lung function, and the occurrence of exacerbations are important markers of disease progression in patients with COPD. As a marker of preventing disease progression, clinically important deterioration (CID) has been proposed as a composite endpoint to evaluate COPD treatment effects. Here, we report the efficacy of indaca‐terol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY) on CID in patients with moderate COPD, after direct switch from LABA+ICS, or a LABA or a LAMA monotherapy compared with those remaining on their baseline medication. Methods: CRYSTAL, a 12‐week, prospective, multicentre, rando‐mised, open‐label, pragmatic trial, evaluated the effect of IND/GLY or GLY after a direct 3:1 switch from previous treatments in moderate COPD patients. CID was defined as a ≥100 mL decrease in trough FEV1 or a ≥1 point decrease in transition dyspnoea index or a ≥0.4 point increase in clinical COPD questionnaire score or a moderate/severe exacerbation. A subgroup analyses was done based on age, sex, smoking status, history of exacerbations in the previous year, baseline trough FEV1, bronchodila‐tor reversibility, mMRC or baseline treatments. Results: Of 2159 patients analysed in the IND/GLY treatment arms, 1622 switched to IND/GLY and 537 continued their baseline treatment. The percentage of patients experiencing a CID was significantly lower in patients who switched to IND/GLY versus patients who continued on LABA+ICS, or on a LABA or a LAMA, using different CID definitions (Table). Subgroup analyses were consistent with the overall results. Conclusion: Indacaterol/glycopyrronium significantly reduced the risk of clinically important deterioration in patients with moderate COPD, after direct switch from LABA+ICS, or a LABA or a LAMA.
 Effects of combination therapy indacaterol/glycopyrronium versus tiotropium on moderate to severe COPD: evaluation of impulse oscillometry and exacerbation rate;  Background: Small airways are considered the major site of airflow limitation in COPD. Impulse oscillometry (IOS) is a forced oscillation technique, which provides passive measurement of lung mechanics. It can differentiate small airway from large airway obstruction and is more sensitive than spirometry for peripheral airway disease. In this study the efficacy of the combination of Indacaterol/Glycopirronium (IND/GLY) versus Tiotropium on airway resistance (R5, R20, R5‐20), lung reactance (X) and resonant frequency in moderate to severe COPD patients has been evaluated. We also evaluated inspiratory capacity (IC), forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1), forced vital capacity (FVC), exacerbation rate and quality of life. Methods: Forty patients were monitored with forced oscillation technique and spirometry. Patients were randomized in 2 groups: 20 received fixed dose once daily Indacaterol/Glycopyrronium (Group A) and 20 received single Tiotropium (Group B). The oscillometry parameters were the measure of resistance in the airways at 5 Hz (R5), at 20 Hz (R20) and the lung reactance (X). Results: There was a statistically significant difference between pre‐dosing at V1 and at follow up visits in R5, R20 and X values in patients receiving dual bronchodilation but not in control group. Pre‐dosing IC value at follow up visits in patients receiving dual bronchodilation had a statistical significant variation. Conclusions: The "new" bronchodilator combination LABA/LAMA significantly reduces bronchial obstruction in small airways too. The oscillometry demonstrated greater sensitivity compared with spirometry for monitoring outcome measures of airway obstruction and the effect of long‐term therapy.
 Treatment response to indacaterol/glycopyrronium versus salmeterol/fluticasone in exacerbating COPD patients by gender: a post-hoc analysis in the FLAME study;  BACKGROUND: The burden of chronic obstructive lung disease (COPD) is increasing in women, with recent evidence suggesting gender differences in disease characteristics and potentially in treatment outcomes. METHODS: FLAME was a 52‐week randomized controlled trial in patients with severe‐to‐very‐severe COPD and a history of exacerbations. In this post‐hoc analysis, gender‐based baseline differences and treatment outcomes between indacaterol/glycopyrronium 110/50 μg once daily (IND/GLY) and salmeterol/fluticasone 50/500 twice daily (SFC) were assessed in terms of rate of exacerbations, time‐to‐first exacerbation, lung function, health status, and rescue medication use. RESULTS: This post‐hoc analysis included 2557 men and 805 women. Baseline characteristics differed between genders, with women being younger, having better lung function and more often experiencing ≥2 exacerbations in the previous year. Compared with SFC, IND/GLY treatment was associated with reductions in the annualized rates of moderate/severe exacerbations (rate ratio [95% CI]: 0.81 [0.73‐0.91], 0.89 [0.74‐1.07] in men and women, respectively). Similarly, time‐to‐first moderate/severe exacerbation was also delayed (hazard ratio [95% CI]: 0.79 [0.70‐0.89] and 0.76 [0.63‐0.91] in men and women, respectively). Results were similar for all (mild/moderate/severe) exacerbations. Improvements in lung function, health status and rescue medication use with IND/GLY vs SFC were comparable between men and women. The smaller sample size for women may account for some observed discrepancies in treatment responses. CONCLUSIONS: Although there were gender differences in baseline characteristics, IND/GLY demonstrated similar trends for exacerbation prevention and lung function improvement in men and women with moderate‐to‐very‐severe COPD and a history of exacerbations compared with SFC. Small differences in the effects seen between genders may be attributed to the different sizes of the two groups and need to be further evaluated in randomized trials that are appropriately powered for gender analysis. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Post hoc analysis of the FLAME study. ClinicalTrials.gov number: NCT01782326 . Registered 1 February 2013.
 Indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY) reduces days with COPD exacerbation vs salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) independent of PRO tool: results of the FLAME study;  Introduction: FLAME study showed that IND/GLY is more effective than SFC in reducing the number of exacerbations in moderate‐to‐very severe COPD patients (pts). Effect of IND/GLY vs SFC on exacerbation days was assessed using e‐diary [protocol‐defined (PD)] in all pts and EXAcerbations of Chronic pulmonary disease Tool‐Patient‐Reported Outcome (EXACT‐PRO) in a subset of pts from the FLAME study. Methods: This 52‐week, double‐blind, double‐dummy study randomised pts (1:1) with ≥1 exacerbations in previous year to receive IND/GLY 110/50 μg o.d. or SFC 50/500 μg b.i.d. Days with and without exacerbations were recorded using e‐diary and EXACT‐PRO. Results: A total of 3354 pts were included in the full analysis set (FAS) and 453 in EXACT‐PRO subset. The mean percentage of exacerbation days (%days) was lower with IND/GLY vs SFC (PD all exacerbations [9.3% vs 11.1%], P=0.0011; EXACT‐PRO [7.4% vs 8.9%, P=0.3774]). In FAS, IND/GLY had significantly higher mean %days vs SFC without PD exacerbations (all [LSM treatment difference (TD) (SE): 2.16 (0.55), P<0.001]; moderate/severe [LSMTD (SE): 1.52 (0.40), P<0.001]). In EXACT‐PRO subset, IND/GLY had higher mean %days without exacerbations [EXACT‐PRO LSMTD (SE): 1.57 (1.73), P=0.363; EXACT‐PRO or moderate/severe LSMTD (SE): 2.86 (1.89), P=0.130] vs SFC. The EXACT PRO data showed reduction in exacerbation days with IND/GLY vs SFC, though not statistically significant, probably due to the small sample size. Conclusion: Independent of PRO tool, IND/GLY reduced the number of exacerbation days vs SFC, in pts with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD.
 Indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY) delays clinically important deterioration (CID) versus salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) in symptomatic COPD patients: LANTERN/ILLUMINATE pooled analysis;  Introduction COPD is marked by progressive decline in lung function and quality of life, and exacerbations. A composite endpoint like CID can be an indicator of the treatment effect on COPD worsening. This was a post hoc analysis of IND/GLY vs. SFC on CID in symptomatic moderate‐to‐severe COPD patients (pts) without frequent exacerbations from the LANTERN and ILLUMINATE studies. Methods Data was pooled from two 26‐week studies in symptomatic COPD pts randomised to IND/GLY 110/50μg o.d. or SFC 50/500μg b.i.d. We assessed risk of CID and sustained CID using 2 definitions based on minimum clinically important differences. Definition 1 (D1): CID defined as ≥100mL decrease in FEV1 or ≥4unit increase in SGRQ total score or a moderate‐severe COPD exacerbation; sustained CID defined as ≥100mL decrease in FEV1 or ≥4unit increase in SGRQ total score on 2 consecutive visits ≥4weeks apart or ≥50% of all subsequent visits or a moderate‐severe COPD exacerbation. Definition 2 (D2): same as D1 except FEV1 criteria replaced with ≥1unit decrease in TDI. A subgroup analysis was done by gender, COPD severity, age, smoking status and serum eosinophil count. Results In total, 1263 pts (IND/GLY n=630, SFC n=633) were included. IND/GLY significantly delayed time to first and sustained CID vs. SFC in D1 [HR(95%CI):0.67(0.57‐0.80), 0.63(0.52‐0.77), respectively; p<0.0001 for both] and D2 [HR(95%CI):0.73(0.61‐0.88), 0.73(0.59‐0.91), respectively; p<0.005 for both]. Subgroup results were consistent with overall results. Conclusion IND/GLY reduced the risk of CID versus SFC, supporting its use over SFC in symptomatic COPD patients.
 Effect of indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY) vs salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) on moderate or severe COPD exacerbations and lung function based on baseline blood eosinophil counts: results from the flame study;  Introduction: The FLAME study compared the effect of IND/GLY vs SFC on exacerbations in COPD patients with a risk of exacerbation. Here we present the rate of reduction of moderate or severe exacerbations and lung function changes based on blood eosinophils in moderate‐to‐very severe COPD patients. Methods: This was a 52‐week, multicentre study. Patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD, post‐bronchodilator FEV1 ≥25 and <60% and a history of ≥1 exacerbation in the previous year were randomised (1:1) to IND/GLY (110/50 μg) once daily or SFC (50/500 μg) twice daily. The data were assessed by blood eosinophil cut offs (<150, 150‐<300 and ≥300) and percentages (<2% and ≥2%). Results: 3362 patients were randomised to IND/GLY (n=1680) or SFC (n=1682). The annualised rate of moderate or severe exacerbations was significantly lower in IND/GLY‐treated vs SFC‐treated patients' at all eosinophil counts, although not significant for small number of patients with ≥300 cells/μL. The lung function was significantly improved at all the visits with IND/GLY vs SFC irrespective of eosinophil count (Table 1). Conclusion: In patients with high risk of exacerbations, IND/GLY was superior in reducing moderate or severe exacerbations and showed significant improvement in lung function vs SFC independent of blood eosinophil counts (Table presented).
 Effect of indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY) vs salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) on moderate or severe COPD exacerbations and lung function based on baseline blood eosinophil counts: results from the FLAME study;  Introduction The FLAME study compared the effect of IND/GLY vs SFC on exacerbations in COPD patients with a risk of exacerbation. Here we present the rate of reduction of moderate or severe exacerbations and lung function changes based on blood eosinophils in moderate‐to‐very severe COPD patients. Methods This was a 52‐week, multicentre study. Patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD, post‐ bronchodilator FEV1 ≥25% ‐ <60% and a history of ≥1 exacerbation in the previous year were randomised (1:1) to IND/GLY (110/50 μg) once daily or SFC (50/500 μg) twice daily. The data were assessed by blood eosinophil cut offs (<150, 150‐>300 and ≥300) and percentages (<2% and ≥2%). Results 3362 patients were randomised to IND/GLY (n=1680) or SFC (n=1682). The annualised rate of moderate or severe exacerbations was significantly lower in IND/GLY‐treated vs SFC‐treated patients' at all eosinophil counts, although not significant for small number of patients with ≥300 cells/μL. The lung function was significantly improved at all the visits with IND/GLY vs SFC irrespective of eosinophil count (Table 1). Conclusion In patients with high risk of exacerbations, IND/GLY was superior in reducing moderate or severe exacerbations and showed significant improvement in lung function vs SFC independent of blood eosinophil counts. (Figure Presented).
 Effect of indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY) vs salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) on moderate or severe COPD exacerbations and lung function based on baseline blood eosinophil counts: results from the FLAME study;  Introduction: The FLAME study compared the effect of IND/GLY vs SFC on exacerbations in COPD patients with a risk of exacerbation. Here we present the rate of reduction of moderate or severe exacerbations and lung function changes based on blood eosinophils in moderate‐to‐very severe COPD patients. Methods: This was a 52‐week, multicentre study. Patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD, post‐bronchodilator FEV1 =25 and <60% and a history of =1 exacerbation in the previous year were randomised (1:1) to IND/GLY (110/50 µg) once daily or SFC (50/500 µg) twice daily. The data were assessed by blood eosinophil cut offs (<150, 150– <300 and =300) and percentages (<2% and =2%). Results: 3362 patients were randomised to IND/GLY (n=1680) or SFC (n=1682). The annualised rate of moderate or severe exacerbations was significantly lower in IND/GLY‐treated vs SFC‐treated patients’ at all eosinophil counts, although not significant for small number of patients with =300 cells/µL. The lung function was significantly improved at all the visits with IND/GLY vs SFC irrespective of eosinophil count (Table 1). Conclusion: In patients with high risk of exacerbations, IND/GLY was superior in reducing moderate or severe exacerbations and showed significant improvement in lung function vs SFC independent of blood eosinophil counts.
 RCT Abstract - Airway smooth muscle mass to predict response to ICS in COPD patients receiving triple therapy (HISTORIC study): a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind, investigator-initiated trial;  In contrast to asthma, ICS are clinically effective only in selected COPD patients. We hypothesised that increased ASMC mass predicts response to ICS in COPD patients receiving triple therapy. 201 COPD patients (65 females, GOLD B‐D, ≥1 AECOPD in the previous year) were divided in 2 groups with high (>20%) and low (≤20%) ASMC mass based on histological analysis of endobronchial biopsies. All patients followed a run‐in period of 6 weeks on open‐label triple therapy with aclidinium (ACL, 400 mcg/bid), formoterol (FOR, 12mcg/bid) and budesonide (BUD, 400 mcg/bid). Subsequently, patients from each group were randomized (1:1) to receive either ACL/FOR/BUD or ACL/FOR/Placebo. The primary end point of the study was the difference in postbronchodilator FEV1 at 12 months between patients with low and high ASMC mass, receiving or not ICS. In COPD patients with low ASMC, ACL/FOR/BUD did not significantly improve FEV1 over 12 months, as compared to ACL/FOR/placebo [adjusted mean (95% CI): ‐0.110 ml/day (‐0.310 to 0.091) and ‐0.248 (‐0.454 to 0.042), respectively], p=0.675. In patients with high ASMC, however, ACL/FOR/BUD significantly improved FEV1 , as compared to ACL/FOR/placebo [0.187 ml/day (‐0.075 to 0.449) and ‐0.314 (‐0.569 to ‐0.059), respectively], p=0.020. Over 12 months, the difference of FEV1 change between the groups of ACL/FOR/BUD and ACL/FOR/placebo was 0.138 ml/day (50.4 ml/year) for patients with low ASMC (p=0.345) and 0.501 ml/day (183.0 ml/year) for patients with high ASMC (p=0.008). In conclusion, high ASMC mass appears to predict ICS response in COPD patients receiving triple therapy.
 Delayed time to first and subsequent exacerbations independent of season with indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY) compared with salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC): the FLAME study;  Introduction: Seasonal differences have been identified in the pattern of COPD exacerbations. We compared the efficacy of IND/GLY vs SFC in reducing exacerbations across seasons and in reducing the risk of multiple exacerbations in patients (pts) with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD. Methods: FLAME, a 52‐week, double‐blind, double‐dummy study, randomised (1:1) pts (with past year history of ≥1 exacerbation) to IND/GLY 110/50 μg o.d. or SFC 50/500 μg b.i.d. Here, we assessed the rate of moderate/severe exacerbation, and time to first and subsequent exacerbations. Results: Of 3362 pts randomised, 82.2% completed 52 weeks of study treatment. IND/GLY significantly reduced the rate of moderate/severe exacerbation in both spring/summer and fall/winter seasons vs SFC (Table). IND/GLY significantly delayed the time to 1 , 2 , and 3 exacerbation (moderate/severe), with a 22% (95% CI, 14‐30%; P<0.001), 24% (95% CI, 11‐34%; P<0.001), and 29% (95% CI, 9‐44%; P=0.006) reduction in risk vs SFC, respectively. Conclusion: IND/GLY was more effective than SFC in reducing COPD exacerbations in both seasons and should be considered as the preferred first‐line treatment option in COPD patients at high risk of exacerbations. (Figure Presented).
 Indacaterol/glycopyrronium reduces moderate or severe exacerbations compared with salmeterol/ fluticasone, irrespective of number of exacerbations in previous year: indirect comparison from flame and lantern studies;  PURPOSE: Acute exacerbations, marked by a rapid decline in lung function and poor patient‐reported outcomes, are a cause of considerable morbidity and mortality associated with COPD, and incur significant healthcare utilization and associated costs. Here, we report the reduction in moderate or severe exacerbations with indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY) versus salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) in COPD patients with ≥1 and 0‐1 exacerbations in the previous year, from the FLAME and LANTERN studies, respectively. METHODS: FLAME was a 52‐week trial which included patients with ≥1 exacerbation in the previous year; COPD exacerbation was studied as the primary endpoint. The LANTERN study evaluated the effect of IND/GLY versus SFC on COPD exacerbations over 26 weeks as a pre‐specified exploratory endpoint in patients with ≤1 exacerbation in the previous year. The annualized rate, and time to first moderate or severe COPD exacerbation with IND/GLY versus SFC were evaluated in patients with a history of ≥1 exacerbation from the FLAME study, and in patients with a history of 0‐1 exacerbation from the LANTERN study. The comparisons are not based on any formal statistical analyses. RESULTS: A total of 3362 patients were randomized in the FLAME study, and 744 patients were randomized in the LANTERN study. IND/GLY significantly reduced the annualized rate of moderate or severe COPD exacerbations in patients with ≥1 exacerbation in previous year from the FLAME study (rate ratio [RR], 0.83; 95% CI, 0.75 to 0.91; P < 0.001), demonstrating a clinically meaningful 17% reduction versus SFC. The rate reduction was also significant with IND/GLY versus SFC in patients with a history of 0‐1 exacerbation in the LANTERN study (RR, 0.69; 95% CI, 0.48 to 1.00; P = 0.048). In patients with ≥1 exacerbation in previous year, IND/GLY delayed the time to first moderate or severe exacerbation, with a clinically meaningful 22% risk reduction compared with SFC (HR, 0.78; 95% CI, 0.70 to 0.86; P < 0.001). The time to first moderate or severe exacerbation was also significantly prolonged with IND/GLY in patients with ≤1 exacerbation in the previous year, with a risk reduction of 35% versus SFC (HR, 0.65; 95% CI, 0.44 to 0.95; P = 0.028). CONCLUSIONS: In COPD patients with either ≥1 or 0‐1 exacerbations in the previous year, IND/GLY reduced the rate and risk of moderate or severe exacerbations significantly more than SFC.
 Fluticasone propionate/formoterol for COPD management: a randomized controlled trial;  Purpose: To evaluate fluticasone propionate/formoterol (FP/FORM) in COPD. Patients and methods: COPD patients with forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1) ≤50% predicted and ≥1 moderate/severe COPD exacerbation in the last 12 months were randomized to FP/FORM 500/20 or 250/10 μg bid, or formoterol (FORM) 12 μg bid for 52 weeks. The primary outcome was the annualized rate of moderate/severe COPD exacerbations. Results: In total, 1,765 patients were randomized. There were fewer discontinuations with FP/FORM 500/20 μg (20.6%) and 250/10 μg (24.0%) compared with FORM (26.1%). None of the two FP/FORM doses reduced the moderate/severe exacerbation rate versus FORM (rate ratios [RR]: 0.93; P≤0.402). There was a trend toward a lower moderate/severe exacerbation rate with FP/FORM 500/20 μg versus FORM in patients with ≥2 exacerbations in the preceding year (RR: 0.79; P=0.084). Pre‐and post‐dose FEV1 and forced vital capacity were greater with FP/FORM 500/20 μg versus FORM (P≤0.039). There was a trend toward a lower EXAcerbations of Chronic pulmonary disease Tool (EXACT) exacerbation rate with FP/FORM 500/20 μg versus FORM (RR: 0.87; P=0.077). There were more St George’s Respiratory Questionnaire for COPD (SGRQ‐C) responders with FP/FORM 500/20 μg than FORM (odds ratios [OR] at weeks 6, 23 and 52 ≥1.28; P≤0.054). EXACT‐respiratory symptoms total and breathlessness scores were lower with both FP/FORM 500/20 μg and 250/10 μg versus FORM (P≤0.066). Acute β2‐agonist‐induced effects and 24‐hour Holter findings were similar for all treatments. Mean 24‐hour urinary cortisol was similarly reduced with both FP/FORM doses. Radiologically confirmed pneumonia was seen in 2.4%, 3.2% and 1.5% of FP/FORM 500/20 μg, FP/FORM 250/10 μg and FORM‐treated patients, respectively. Adverse events were otherwise similar across treatment groups. Conclusion: FP/FORM did not reduce exacerbation rates versus FORM. Numerical benefits were observed with FP/FORM 500/20 μg versus FORM for secondary variables, including lung function, EXACT exacerbations, SGRQ‐C and EXACT‐respiratory symptoms total and breathlessness scores. Few efficacy differences were evident between FP/FORM 250/10 μg and FORM. Pneumonia was more frequent in FP/FORM‐treated patients, although the absolute difference was low. Adverse events were otherwise similar between treatments.
 Indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY) improves lung function, health status and rescue medication use vs salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) independent of symptom response: the FLAME study;  Introduction: IND/GLY significantly improved lung function, health status and rescue medication use in COPD patients (pts) vs SFC after 52‐week treatment in FLAME study . We assessed effects of IND/GLY vs SFC in pts with ≥0.6‐point decrease from baseline in total symptom score measured by daily diary with treatment (responders) vs those who did not. Methods: In FLAME, eligible pts (≥1 exacerbations in previous year) were randomised to receive IND/GLY (110/50 μg od) or SFC (50/500 μg bid). Pre‐dose trough FEV , SGRQ‐C total scores and percentage of days without rescue medication were assessed in responders and non‐responders at Week 52. Results: IND/GLY significantly increased pre‐dose trough FEV and percentage of days without rescue medication, vs SFC in responders and non‐responders (Table). IND/GLY significantly improved SGRQ‐C scores at Week 52 vs SFC in non‐responders, while in responders both treatments had similar effects. IND/GLY showed greater improvements in responders vs non‐responders for all specified outcomes. Conclusion: IND/GLY vs SFC improved lung function and rescue medication use independent of symptom response. Superior effect on health status was noted in symptom non‐responders vs SFC. Overall, data confirm use of IND/GLY as a preferred treatment option in COPD.
 A Study to Investigate the Effect on Lung Function of an Approved COPD Treatment (BGF, With HFA Propellant) Compared to BGF Formulated With a New Propellant (HFO) in Participants 40 to 80 Years of Age With COPD;  This is a phase III, randomised, placebo‐controlled, double‐blind, multi‐centre, 4‐week, 3‐way crossover pharmacodynamic study to assess the equivalence of BGF MDI HFO compared with BGF MDI HFA in participants with COPD. To demonstrate assay sensitivity, BGF MDI HFA will be compared to placebo MDI HFA for superiority in lung function, both pre‐ and post‐dose. Eligible participants are between 40 and 80 years of age, inclusive, who have an established clinical history of COPD as defined by the ATS/ERS. Participants are required to have an FEV1/FVC ratio of < 0.70, have a post‐bronchodilator FEV1 ≥ 40% and < 80% predicted normal value, have a blood eosinophil count < 300 cells/μL, and be current or former cigarette smokers with a history of at least 10 pack‐years. Participants must not have had a COPD exacerbation treated with oral corticosteroids or antibiotics within 4 months prior to initiation of screening, and must not have had a COPD exacerbation that required hospitalisation within 12 months prior to initiation of screening. Eligible participants are those on treatment with LABA, LAMA, LAMA/LABA (open or fixed‐dose combination), ICS/LABA (open or fixed‐dose combination) inhaled maintenance therapies, or SABA, SAMA, or SAMA/SABA scheduled or as‐needed inhaled therapies, or who are naïve to COPD therapy. This study will be conducted at approximately 95 sites globally. After screening, participants will be randomised 1:1:1:1:1:1 to receive study interventions in one of 6 possible treatment sequences.
 Reduction in all-cause mortality with single inhaler triple therapy (FF/UMEC/VI) versus dual therapy (FF/VI and UMEC/VI) in symptomatic patients with COPD: prespecified analysis of the phase III impact trial;  Rationale: There are inconclusive data regarding the role of inhaled pharmacotherapy (ICS, LAMA, and LABA) in reducing mortality in patients with COPD. We report a pre‐specified analysis of time to on‐treatment all‐cause mortality from the Phase III IMPACT (InforMing the PAthway of COPD Treatment) trial comparing FF/UMEC/VI with FF/VI and UMEC/VI. Methods: IMPACT (NCT02164513, CTT116855, was a 52‐week phase III, randomised, double‐blind, parallel group, multicenter study in 37 countries that compared the efficacy, safety and tolerability of singleinhaler ICS/LAMA/LABA triple therapy versus ICS/LABA or LAMA/LABA dual therapy. Patients ≥40 years with symptomatic COPD and a history of exacerbations were randomised (2:2:1) to receive fluticasone furoate (FF)/umeclidinium (UMEC)/vilanterol (VI) (100/62.5/25μg), or FF/VI (100/25μg) or UMEC/VI (62.5/25μg), respectively. The primary endpoint was the treatment comparisons of FF/UMEC/VI versus FF/VI or UMEC/VI on the annual rate of moderate/severe exacerbations. Time to On‐Treatment All‐Cause mortality was a prespecified endpoint in the trial. Results: 10,355 patients were included in the Intention to Treat population (n=4151 FF/UMEC/VI; n=4134 FF/VI; n=2070 UMEC/VI). The mean age of patients in the trial was 65.3 years, with mean FEV1 at screening 1.272 L, mean % predicted 45.5. There were 50 on‐treatment deaths (1.20%) in the FF/UMEC/VI arm, 49 deaths (1.19%) in the FF/VI arm and 39 deaths (1.88%) in the UMEC/VI arm. Patients randomized to FF/UMEC/VI experienced a 5.5% reduction in risk of all‐cause mortality compared to FF/VI (95% CI ‐40.2% to 36.3%; p=0.780) and a 42.1% reduction in risk compared to UMEC/VI (95% CI 11.9% to 61.9%; p=0.011). Conclusions: Once‐daily single inhaler triple therapy FF/UMEC/VI significantly reduced on‐treatment all‐cause mortality compared to the active therapy UMEC/VI in patients with symptomatic COPD with a history of moderate to severe exacerbations.
 Efficacy and safety of the direct switch from various previous treatments to glycopyrronium or indacaterol/ glycopyrronium in patients with moderate copd: the crystal study;  Introduction and objectives In contrast to clinical trials, changes to new therapies in clinical practice occur without any washout period. The CRYSTAL study was designed to mimic clinical practice. Patients with symptomatic, non‐frequently exacerbating, moderate COPD treated with various drugs were directly switched to glycopyrronium 50 mg (GLY) or indacaterol/glycopyrronium 110/50 mg (IND/GLY). Lung function and symptoms were evaluated. Methods CRYSTAL was a prospective, multicentre, 12‐week, randomised, pragmatic, open‐label trial. Patients were recruited into 4 Groups according to previous medication and symptoms (mMRC) and randomised to a direct switch to GLY or IND/GLY vs. continuation of baseline therapy (3:1). Co‐primary objectives were superiority of GLY vs. previous SABA and/or SAMA, noninferiority of GLY vs. previous LABA or LAMA, and superiority of IND/GLY vs. LABA, LAMA and LABA+ICS regarding trough FEV1 and transition dyspnoea index (TDI) at Week 12. Due to slow recruitment, Groups A and B were prematurely discontinued at the time of completion of Groups C and D. Results Of the 4,389 patients randomised, 2,159 patients received IND/GLY (C2: n = 811; D2: n = 811) or continued their previous treatment (LABA + ICS C1: n = 269; LABA or LAMA D1: n = 268). IND/GLY provided superior improvement in trough FEV1 at Week 12 vs. LABA + ICS (treatment difference (Δ) = 71 mL, p < 0.0001) and LABA or LAMA (Δ = 101 mL, p < 0.0001). IND/GLY also improved TDI vs. LABA + ICS (Δ = 1.10 units, p < 0.0001) and vs. LABA or LAMA (Δ = 1.26 units, p < 0.0001). Significantly more patients on IND/GLY reached the minimally clinically important difference (MCID) of 100 mL for trough FEV1 and 1 point for TDI vs. comparators (Table 1). In the Groups A and B that were underpowered due to sample size, GLY was superior to previous SABA and/or SAMA and was non‐inferior to previous LABA or LAMA on trough FEV1 and TDI (Table 1). GLY and IND/GLY were well tolerated. Conclusions In the pragmatic CRYSTAL trial, IND/GLY demonstrated superior improvement in lung function (trough FEV1) and dyspnoea (TDI) after 12 weeks, in symptomatic patients with moderate COPD and a history of up to 1 exacerbation in the previous year, after direct switch from previous treatment with either LABA+ICS or with a LABA or LAMA. (Table presented).
 Once-daily indacaterol/glycopyrronium reduces the rate and risk of moderate or severe exacerbations compared with twice-daily salmeterol/fluticasone in a subset of gold group D COPD patients with a history of ≥2 exacerbations or 1 hospitalization: the flame study;  INTRODUCTION One of the major goals of COPD treatment is to reduce the severity and frequency of exacerbations.1 Patients categorized into Global Initiative for Chronic Obstructive Lung Disease (GOLD) Group D have severe‐to‐very severe airflow limitation, and/or exacerbations, and significant symptoms.1 The GOLD strategy recommends a LABA/ICS or/and a LAMA as the first choice of treatment for Group D patients.1 FLAME was the first study that demonstrated the superiority of indacaterol/glycopyrronium (110/50 μg, once daily), a LABA/LAMA combination, in reducing exacerbations, improving lung function, and health status versus salmeterol/fluticasone, a LABA/ICS combination, in moderate‐to‐very severe COPD patients with a history of exacerbations.2 Here, we present data comparing the effect of indacaterol/glycopyrronium versus salmeterol/fluticasone on the rate and risk of moderate or severe exacerbations in a subset of GOLD Group D patients who had a history of ≥2 exacerbations or 1 hospitalization for exacerbation from the FLAME study. METHODS FLAME was a 52‐week, randomized, double‐blind, double‐dummy, parallel‐group study. Patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD, post‐bronchodilator forced expiratory volume in the 1 second ≥25% to <60% predicted normal, and a history of ≥1 exacerbation in the previous year were randomized (1:1) to receive either indacaterol/glycopyrronium (110/50 μg) once daily or salmeterol/fluticasone (50/500 μg) twice daily. The rate and time to moderate or severe exacerbations were analyzed in the subset of GOLD Group D patients with a history of ≥2 exacerbations or 1 hospitalization. RESULTS Of the 3362 patients randomized, 2514 were categorized as GOLD Group D. The randomized patients had a mean post‐bronchodilator FEV1 of 44.1% of the predicted normal value; 56.3% patients were on ICS at screening. Indacaterol/glycopyrronium demonstrated superior efficacy over salmeterol/fluticasone in reducing the rate of moderate or severe exacerbations (rate ratio, 0.86; Table). Indacaterol/glycopyrronium delayed the time‐to‐first moderate or severe exacerbation compared with salmeterol/fluticasone (median days: 291 versus 215; Table). The patients treated with indacaterol/glycopyrronium had a 19% lower risk of a moderate or severe exacerbation compared with salmeterol/fluticasone. CONCLUSIONS Indacaterol/glycopyrronium was superior to salmeterol/fluticasone in reducing the rate and risk of moderate or severe exacerbations in a subset of GOLD Group D patients who had a history of ≥2 exacerbations or 1 hospitalization for exacerbation. Our results confirm the use of indacaterol/glycopyrronium as a preferred treatment option for COPD patients at high risk of exacerbations.
 Indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY) reduces the risk of clinically important deterioration (CID) in patients with moderate COPD: results from the CRYSTAL study;  Introduction: Decline in health status, lung function, and exacerbations are important determinants of disease progression of COPD patients (pts). CID has been proposed as a composite endpoint to evaluate COPD treatment effects. We report effect of IND/GLY on CID in pts with moderate COPD, after direct switch from LABA+ICS, or a LABA or a LAMA monotherapy. Methods: CRYSTAL, a 12‐week, prospective, multicentre, randomised, open‐label, pragmatic trial, evaluated the effect of IND/GLY or GLY after a direct switch from previous treatments in moderate COPD pts. CID was defined as a ≥100 mL decrease in trough FEV or a ≥1 point decrease in transition dyspnoea index (TDI) or a ≥0.4 point increase in clinical COPD questionnaire (CCQ) score or a moderate/severe exacerbation. Results: Of 2,159 pts analysed in the IND/GLY treatment arms, 1,622 switched to IND/GLY and 537 continued their baseline treatment. The percentage of pts experiencing a CID was significantly lower in pts who switched to IND/GLY vs pts who continued on LABA+ICS, or on a LABA or a LAMA, using different CID definitions (Table). Subgroup analyses according to different baseline characteristics were consistent with the overall results. Conclusion: Indacaterol/glycopyrronium significantly reduced the risk of CID in moderate COPD patients, after direct switch from LABA/ICS, or a LABA or a LAMA. (Figure Presented).
 Indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY) reduces the risk of clinically important deterioration (CID) in patients with moderate COPD: results from the CRYSTAL study;  Introduction: Decline in health status, lung function, and exacerbations are important determinants of disease progression of COPD patients. CID has been proposed as a composite endpoint to evaluate COPD treatment effects. We report the effect of IND/GLY on CID in patients with moderate COPD, after direct switch from LABA+ICS, or a LABA or a LAMA monotherapy. Methods: CRYSTAL, a 12‐week, prospective, multicentre, randomised, open‐label, pragmatic trial, evaluated the effect of IND/GLY or GLY after a direct switch from previous treatments in moderate COPD patients. CID was defined as a =100 mL decrease in trough FEV1 or a =1 point decrease in transition dyspnoea index (TDI) or a =0.4 point increase in clinical COPD questionnaire (CCQ) score or a moderate/severe exacerbation. Results: Of 2,159 patients analysed in the IND/GLY treatment arms, 1,622 switched to IND/GLY and 537 continued their baseline treatment. The percentage of patients experiencing a CID was significantly lower in patients who switched to IND/GLY vs. patients who continued on LABA+ICS, or on a LABA or a LAMA, using different CID definitions (Table). Subgroup analyses according to different baseline characteristics were consistent with the overall results. (Table presented) Conclusion: Indacaterol/glycopyrronium significantly reduced the risk of CID in moderate COPD patients, after direct switch from LABA/ICS, or a LABA or a LAMA.
 A 3 Way Cross-over Study Evaluating the Effects of ADOAIR Twice Daily Plus Tiotropium Bromide Once Daily Compared With the Individual Treatments of Japanese Subjects;  The purpose of this study is to evaluate the effects on lung function of a combination of ADOAIR 50/250mcg twice daily plus tiotropium bromide 18mcg once daily compared with the individual treatments (tiotropium bromide 18mcg once daily alone and ADOAIR 50/250mcg twice daily alone) in Japanese subjects with COPD. The study will utilize a three‐way cross‐over design with a 2‐week wash‐out period between each 4‐week consecutive treatment period. The aim is to support the rationale for "triple combination" therapy by demonstrating that treatment with both ADOAIR and tiotropium can potentially produce improved, clinically relevant effects compared with either treatment alone. This study will utilize a range of lung function measures in order to fully assess the benefits of triple therapy. The primary endpoint will be based on airways conductance measured using plethysmography (sGaw measured over 4hours post dose (AUC 0‐4hr) on Day 28). Secondary endpoints will include lung function measures based on plethysmography and spirometry. The lung function measures will be supported by measurement of the use of relief salbutamol .
 Estimating the number of patients needed to treat (NNT) with indacaterol/glycopyrronium to prevent COPD exacerbations: results from the flame study;  Background and Aims: The FLAME study demonstrated that inda‐caterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY) is superior to salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) in reducing the rate and risk of exacerbations1. Here, we determined the number needed to treat (NNT) for IND/GLY to prevent one COPD exacerbation, to prevent one case of repeat exacerbation, and to prevent a patient from having an exacerbation during one year versus SFC. Methods: FLAME was a 52‐week, multicentre, randomised (1:1), double‐blind, double‐dummy, parallel‐group study which compared IND/GLY 110/50 μg o.d. and SFC 50/500 μg b.i.d. Annualised and Kaplan‐Meier (KM) event rates of exacerbation during the 52‐week treatment period from the FLAME study were used to estimate the NNT for IND/GLY versus SFC. Results: Based on the annualised exacerbation event rates, the NNT for IND/GLY versus SFC was 4.76 to prevent one moderate or severe exacerbation. The NNT with IND/GLY versus SFC was 50 to prevent one severe exacerbation requiring hospitalisation. To prevent one incidence of repeat exacerbations (≥ 3 exacerbations of any severity: mild, moderate or severe) for one year, the NNT with IND/GLY was estimated to be 31.58 versus SFC. Furthermore, the NNT with IND/GLY versus SFC was 15 to maintain a patient free from moderate or severe exacerbations for one year, as calculated from KM event rates. Conclusion: Number needed to treat calculations confirms the effi‐cacy advantage of indacaterol/glycopyrronium compared with salmeterol/fluticasone in preventing COPD exacerbations in patients with moderate‐to‐very severe airflow limitation.
 Indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY) improves lung function irrespective of gender baseline differences in patients with COPD: a pooled analysis from the IGNITE Program;  Introduction In the past years, there is evidence of increasing prevalence and mortality rates in women diagnosed with COPD. Data on response to long‐acting bronchodilators for COPD management are needed in order to identify optimal treatment according to gender variances. Here we report improvement in lung function with IND/GLY in men and women from randomised trials of IGNITE program. Methods Data were pooled from 6 trials of ≥6 months duration (SHINE [n=2144], SPARK [n=2224], ILLUMINATE [n=523], ENLIGHTEN [n=339], ARISE [n=160], and LANTERN [n=744]). Efficacy of IND/GLY was assessed in terms of improvement in FEV1 and FVC vs. placebo (PBO), tiotropium (TIO), and salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) in men and women with moderate to very severe COPD (FEV1<80% pred). Results Data of 6108 patients were pooled and analysed (men [n=4719] and women [n=1389]). There were significant differences in COPD baseline characteristics, with women being younger and more likely to have prior exacerbation. At Week 26, change from baseline in trough FEV1 and FVC with IND/GLY was significantly better vs. all comparators in both men and women (Table). Conclusion Irrespective of gender differences in baseline characteristics, improvement in lung function with IND/GLY versus PBO, TIO and SFC was significantly better and comparable in both men and women with COPD. (Figure Presented).
 Once-daily indacaterol/glycopyrronium reduces the rate and risk of moderate or severe exacerbations compared with twice-daily salmeterol/fluticasone in a subset of gold froup D COPD patients with a history of >= 2 exacerbations or 1 hospitalization: the FLAME study;  Introduction: One of the major goals of COPD treatment is to reduce the severity and frequency of exacerbations.1 Patients categorized into Global Initiative for Chronic Obstructive Lung Disease (GOLD) Group D have severe‐to‐very severe airflow limitation, and/or exacerbations, and significant symptoms.1 LABA/ICS or/and a LAMA are recommended as the first choice treatment for Group D patients.1 FLAME was the first study that demonstrated the superiority of indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY), a LABA/LAMA combination, in reducing exacerbations, improving lung function, and health status versus salmeterol/fluticasone (SAL/FLU), a LABA/ICS combination, in moderate‐to‐very severe COPD patients with a history of exacerbations.2 Here, we present a subset analysis of GOLD Group D patients who had a history of =2 exacerbations or 1 hospitalization for exacerbation. Effects of IND/GLY vs. SAL/FLU on the rate and risk of moderate or severe exacerbations were compared. Methods: FLAME was a 52‐week, randomized, double‐blind, double‐dummy, parallel‐group study. 3362 patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD, post‐bronchodilator FEV1 =25% to < 60% of the predicted normal, and a history of =1 exacerbation in the previous year were randomized (1:1) to receive either IND/GLY (110/50 μg) once daily or SAL/FLU (50/500 μg) twice daily. The rate and time to moderate or severe exacerbations were analyzed in the subset of GOLD Group D patients with a history of =2 exacerbations or 1 hospitalization. Results: IND/GLY demonstrated superior efficacy over SAL/FLU in reducing the rate of moderate or severe exacerbations (rate ratio, 0.86; Table). IND/GLY delayed the time‐to‐first moderate or severe exacerbation compared with SAL/FLU (median days: 291 vs. 215; Table). The patients treated with IND/GLY had a 19% lower risk of a moderate or severe exacerbation compared with SAL/FLU. (Table presented) Conclusions: IND/GLY was superior to SAL/FLU in reducing the rate and risk of moderate or severe exacerbations in a subset of GOLD Group D patients who had a history of =2 exacerbations or 1 hospitalization for exacerbation. Our results confirm the use of IND/GLY as a preferred treatment option for COPD patients at high risk of exacerbations.
 Effects of tiotropium with and without formoterol on airflow obstruction and resting hyperinflation in patients with COPD;  BACKGROUND: The combination of short‐acting beta(2)‐agonists and anticholinergics in the treatment of COPD has been well documented, but data on combination of long‐acting agents are lacking. METHODS: A randomized, open‐label, placebo‐controlled, three‐way crossover study was conducted comparing 2‐week treatment periods of tiotropium alone to tiotropium plus formoterol once or twice daily following a 2‐week pretreatment period with tiotropium. Lung function (FEV(1), FVC, and resting inspiratory capacity [IC]) serially over 24 h was measured in 95 patients with stable COPD at baseline and after 2 weeks of each treatment. RESULTS: Mean baseline FEV(1) was 1.05 L (38% of predicted). There was a circadian variation in FEV(1), FVC, and IC at baseline that was maintained during all treatment periods. Average FEV(1) (0 to 24 h) improved by 0.08 L with tiotropium, by 0.16 L with tiotropium plus formoterol once daily, and by 0.20 L with tiotropium plus formoterol twice daily (p < 0.01 for all comparisons). Compared with tiotropium alone, add‐on formoterol in the morning produced improvement in FEV(1), FVC, and IC for > 12 h. The second add‐on dose of formoterol in the evening caused further improvement in FEV(1) for 12 h, but in FVC and IC for < 12 h. Peak increase in FEV(1) was 0.23 L (22% of baseline) with tiotropium and 0.39 L (37% of baseline) with tiotropium plus formoterol (p < 0.0001). Compared with tiotropium alone, add‐on formoterol once and twice daily reduced the use of rescue salbutamol during the daytime (p < 0.01) and with add‐on formoterol twice daily also during the nighttime (p < 0.05). The combination of tiotropium and formoterol was well tolerated. CONCLUSION: In the treatment of COPD, there is benefit from adding formoterol once or twice daily to tiotropium once daily in terms of improvement in airflow obstruction, resting hyperinflation, and the use of rescue salbutamol.
 Estimating the number of patients' needed to treat (NNT) with indacaterol/glycopyrronium to prevent COPD exacerbations: results from the FLAME study;  Introduction: The FLAME study demonstrated that indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY) is superior to salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) in reducing the rate and risk of exacerbations . Here, we determined the NNT for IND/GLY to prevent 1 COPD exacerbation, to prevent 1 case of repeat exacerbation, and to prevent a patient from having an exacerbation during 1 year vs SFC. Methods: FLAME was a 52‐week multicentre, randomised (1:1), double‐blind, double‐dummy, parallel‐group study which compared IND/GLY 110/50 μg o.d. and SFC 50/500 μg b.i.d. Annualised and Kaplan‐Meier (KM) event rates of exacerbation during the 52‐week treatment period from the FLAME study were used to estimate the NNT for IND/GLY vs SFC. Results: Based on the annualised exacerbation event rates, the NNT for IND/GLY vs SFC was 4.76 to prevent 1 moderate or severe exacerbation. The NNT with IND/GLY vs SFC was 50 to prevent 1 severe exacerbation requiring hospitalisation. To prevent 1 incidence of repeat exacerbations (≥ 3 exacerbations of any severity: mild, moderate or severe) for 1 year, NNT with IND/GLY was estimated to be 31.58 vs SFC. Furthermore, the NNT with IND/GLY vs SFC was 15 to maintain a patient free from moderate or severe exacerbation for 1 year, as calculated from KM event rates. Conclusion: NNT calculations confirm the clear efficacy advantage of IND/GLY compared with SFC in preventing COPD exacerbations in patients with moderate‐to‐very severe airflow limitation.
 Effect of indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY) on patient-reported outcomes in men and women with COPD: a pooled analysis from the IGNITE programme;  Introduction Literatures, although limited, suggest differences in the manifestations of COPD in terms of symptoms and healthrelated quality of life between men and women. Moreover, a pooled analysis of 6 randomised trials from the IGNITE programme showed a lower baseline dyspnoea index (greater dyspnoea) and higher baseline St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) total scores (worse health related quality of life) in women compared with men1. Here, we report the treatment impact in patient‐reported outcomes (PROs) in men and women by further investigating data from the aforementioned pooled analysis. Methods Six trials of 24 to 62 weeks duration (ENLIGHTEN, SHINE, ILLUMINATE, ARISE, SPARK and LANTERN) from the IGNITE programme were included. Effects of IND/GLY on PROs, such as transition dyspnoea index (TDI) and SGRQ total scores, symptoms scores via electronic diary and rescue medication use, were assessed, compared with salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC), glycopyrronium (GLY), tiotropium (TIO) and placebo (PBO) in both men and women with moderate to very severe COPD. Results Data from 6108 patients were pooled and analysed (men, n = 4719; women, n = 1389). Overall, IND/GLY showed better improvement in dyspnoea and health status at Week 26 compared with other treatments. Although, there was some variability, the effect size was generally larger in women compared with men (Table). In addition, a higher percentage of women than men treated with IND/GLY achieved the minimal clinically important difference (MCID) from baseline in TDI and SGRQ total scores versus other comparators. Similarly, there was a greater reduction of rescue medication use in women than in men that received IND/GLY versus other treatments (Table). The reduction of symptom scores in the e‐Diary with IND/GLY was comparable in both genders (Table). Conclusions IND/GLY demonstrated superior improvement in dyspnoea and health status in both men and women with COPD compared with SFC, GLY, TIO and PBO. Furthermore, the efficacy of IND/GLY in terms of PROs was found to be better in women than in men and IND/GLY could be considered as a startup treatment vs monotherapy for women with COPD. If confirmed in further studies these data may support gender differences in PROs response to bronchodilator therapy. (Table Presented).
 Association of incident pneumonia and exacerbations with extrafine triple therapy in one single inhaler in COPD patients: a post-hoc analysis from trilogy and trinity studies;  Rationale Efficacy and safety of extrafine fixed triple combination of beclometasone dipropionate, formoterol fumarate, and glycopyrronium bromide (BDP/FF/GB; 100/6/12.5 mcg, two actuations BID via pMDI; 'fixed triple') has been recently demonstrated in two phase III trials. Fixed triple has shown superiority in improving lung function and reducing moderate/ severe exacerbations versus BDP/FF (Fostair 100/6 mcg, two actuations BID via pMD; TRILOGY ‐ Singh et al. Lancet 2016; 388: 963‐73) and versus tiotropium (18 mcg one inhalation OD via DPI; TRINITY ‐ Vestbo et al. Lancet 2017; 389: 1919‐29). Increase in pneumonia risk associated with ICS containing medications is a known class effect. The risk/ benefit balance of extrafine fixed triple was evaluated by comparing variations in pneumonia and exacerbation events. Methods Information on moderate/severe exacerbations and confirmed pneumonia was extracted from TRINITY and TRILOGY. A frequency plot was generated considering days in the study versus cumulative number of events. Results In TRILOGY study, the number of recorded events was 288 exacerbations (rate: 0.448 exacerbations per patient per year) versus 25 pneumonias (rate: 0.039 events per patient per year) with fixed triple and 353 exacerbations (0.565) versus 18 pneumonias (0.029) with Fostair (figure 1A). In TRINITY study, the number of events was 485 exacerbations (0.472) versus 30 pneumonias (0.029) with fixed triple and 569 exacerbations (0.583) versus 20 pneumonias (0.020) with tiotropium (figure 1B). Overall, treatment with fixed triple therapy reduced exacerbations by 65 events compared to Fostair (adjusted rate ratio: 0.773, p=0.005) and by 84 events compared to tiotropium (0.801, p=0.003). No fatal pneumonias occurred in TRILOGY while 5 pneumonias led to death in TRINITY (1 with fixed triple versus 4 with tiotropium). All pneumonias were classified as non‐related to treatment. Conclusions This analysis confirms that, in two independent populations of COPD patients treated with an ICS containing extrafine fixed triple combination, the number of incident pneumonia remains very small compared to that of moderate/ severe exacerbations. The benefit observed in reducing the absolute number of exacerbations outweighs the increase observed in absolute number of pneumonias, thus confirming the positive risk benefit balance of extrafine fixed triple in severe/very severe COPD patients.
 To assess safety, efficacy and tolerability of Formoterol Budesonide nebulised formulation in comparison with Formoterol Budesonide pressurized meter dose formulation in COPD patients;  INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Formoterol Budesonide Respules (20 mcg /1 mg) manfactured by Cipla: nebulization over 10 minutes twice daily Control Intervention1: Formoterol Budesonide pMDI (6 mcg /200 mcg) manfactured by Cipla: two puffs twice daily CONDITION: Patient diagnosed with COPD PRIMARY OUTCOME: Mean change in pre‐bronchodilator FEV1 & FVC between both the groups‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Mean change in pre‐bronchodilator FEV1 & FVC between both the groups SECONDARY OUTCOME: Change in COPD questionnaire at week 6 from baseline‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: During study period Change in post‐bronchodilator FEV1‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 2 and 4 weeks Change in post‐bronchodilator FVC‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 2 and 4 weeks Change in pre and post bronchodilator FEF25‐75 between both the groups‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: baseline to end of 6 weeks Difference in use of number of puffs of rescue medication‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: During study period Incidence of adverse events‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: During study duration Incidence of COPD requiring emergency attendance, treatment with oral steroid and hospitalization‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: During study duration Incidence of drug related adverse events‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: During study duration Mean change in post‐bronchodilator FEV1 between both the groups‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: baseline to end of 6 weeks INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Patient and/or LAR willing to give a written informed consent. 2. Patient of either sex aged above 40 years. 3. Patient diagnosed with COPD as per GOLD guidelines (post bronchodilator FEV1/FVC ratio < 0.70) 4. Patient with documented history of COPD for at least the past 6 months and who are on stable dose of COPD medication (monotherapy or combination) for at least 4 weeks prior to screening visit 1. 5. Post‐bronchodilator FEV1 â?¤50% of the predicted normal value (as per the European Community for Coal and Steel formula and applying the correction factor of 0.9) when not taking short‐acting bronchodilator medication for the previous 6 hours, ICS+LABA atleast 24 hours, LABA+LAMA atleast 48 hours, LAMA atleast 48 hours prior to visit. 6. Current and ex‐smoker with a smoking history of at least 10 pack‐years for cigarette and equivalent
 Risk of pneumonia and exacerbations with single inhaler extrafine triple therapy compared to indacaterol/glycopyrronium: post-hoc Analysis of the TRIBUTE Study;  Rationale ICS‐containing medications have been shown to be effective in reducing exacerbations in COPD, but their use is claimed to be associated with an increased risk of pneumonia. TRIBUTE was a 52‐week randomized, parallel group, double‐blind, active controlled study, where 1532 COPD patients were randomized to either extrafine beclometasone dipropionate, formoterol fumarate and glycopyrronium (BDP/FF/G 87/5/9 |jg), via pressurized metered dose inhaler (pMDI; two inhalations twice daily) or once daily indacaterol and glycopyrronium (IND/GLY 85/43 jg) dry powder inhaler (DPI). In this post‐hoc analysis we evaluated the risk/benefit balance of extrafine BDP/FF/G vs. IND/GLY by comparing the incidence of pneumonia and exacerbation events. Methods: Information on moderate/severe exacerbations and pneumonia was extracted from the TRIBUTE database. A frequency plot was generated considering days in the study versus cumulative number of events. Advertorial Results In the BDP/FF/G group the number of recorded events was 433 exacerbations (adjusted rate per patient per year: 0.504) versus 32 pneumonias (rate per patient per year: 0.045) whereas in the IND/GLY group there were 485 exacerbations (adjusted rate per patient per year: 0.595) versus 29 pneumonias (rate per patient per year: 0.041) (Figure 1). Overall, treatment with extrafine BDP/FF/G reduced exacerbations by 52 events compared to IND/GLY (adjusted rate ratio: 0.85, p = 0.043) but, importantly, the rate of pneumonia was comparable in the two groups. No fatal pneumonias occurred regardless the treatment (Table 1). Conclusions: This analysis shows that the superior clinical benefit of single inhaler triple therapy with extrafine BDP/FF/G in reducing exacerbations compared to IND/GLY is not associated with an increased risk of pneumonia, further confirming the positive risk‐benefit balance of extrafine ICS‐containing single inhaler triple therapy in COPD patients.
 Risk of pneumonia and exacerbations with single inhaler extrafine triple therapy compared to indacaterol/glycopyrronium: post-HOC analysis of the tribute study;  Rationale: ICS‐containing medications have been shown to be effective in reducing exacerbations in COPD, but their use is claimed to be associated with an increased risk of pneumonia. TRIBUTE was a 52‐week randomized, parallel group, double‐blind, activecontrolled study, where 1532 COPD patients were randomized to either extrafine beclometasone dipropionate, formoterol fumarate and glycopyrronium (BDP/FF/G 87/5/9 μg), via pressurized metered dose inhaler (pMDI; two inhalations twice daily) or once daily indacaterol and glycopyrronium (IND/GLY 85/43 μg) dry powder inhaler (DPI). In this post‐hoc analysis we evaluated the risk/benefit balance of extrafine BDP/FF/G vs IND/GLY by comparing the incidence of pneumonia and exacerbation events. Methods: Information on moderate/severe exacerbations and pneumonia was extracted from the TRIBUTE database. A frequency plot was generated considering days in the study versus cumulative number of events. Results: In the BDP/FF/G group the number of recorded events was 433 exacerbations (adjusted rate per patient per year: 0.504) versus 32 pneumonias (rate per patient per year: 0.045) whereas in the IND/GLY group there were 485 exacerbations (adjusted rate per patient per year: 0.595) versus 29 pneumonias (rate per patient per year: 0.041) (Figure 1). Overall, treatment with extrafine BDP/FF/G reduced exacerbations by 52 events compared to IND/GLY (adjusted rate ratio: 0.85, p=0.043) but, importantly, the rate of pneumonia was comparable in the two groups. No fatal pneumonias occurred regardless the treatment (Table 1). Conclusions: This analysis shows that the superior clinical benefit of single inhaler triple therapy with extrafine BDP/FF/G in reducing exacerbations compared to IND/GLY is not associated with an increased risk of pneumonia, further confirming the positive risk‐benefit balance of extrafine ICS‐containing single inhaler triple therapy in COPD patients.
 Evaluating the novel design concept for-a three month exacerbation study in COPD;  Rationale Developing compounds to prevent acute exacerbations of COPD (AECOPD) is challenging because, traditionally designed studies require 12 months duration and include hundreds of patients, which is prohibitive for early phase studies. This study tested the hypothesis that an exacerbation based composite endpoint (exacerbations and dropouts or ExDO) could be used for a proof‐of‐concept study for AZD7624 an inhaled anti‐inflammatory p38 MAPK inhibitor for COPD in a 3 month study with a relatively small sample size. Methods Based upon data from previous COPD studies, event rate was maximized by including high risk patients (history of ≥2 COPD exacerbations in the last year, baseline ICS/LABA ± LAMA, enrollment during fall/winter), and using a composite endpoint of exacerbations plus dropouts. Similarly, treatment effect was projected to be amplified with 3 months design with an oral corticosteroid (OCS) run‐in. With enrollment of 206 subjects, the study has 80% power to show a significant difference (two‐sided type I error of 0.10) between the two groups in the time to the first ExDO, assuming that 44% of the participants in the control group have an event. Results There was no difference in effect on the primary endpoint of time to first ExDO (HR=1.39, P=0.24) between AZD7624 versus placebo. The annualized event rate in the placebo group (1.04/yr) was lower than expected (2.3/yr) but higher than other COPD studies. Dropouts contributed to more subjects experiencing an event, 22.9% in placebo group experienced an ExDo event, versus 18.1% a moderate/severe exacerbation. Most ExDo events (51%) occurred in the first 30 days. Both groups experienced a modest drop in FEV1 after OCS run‐in. Recruitment during fall/winter versus spring/summer was not associated with a higher event rate, operational challenges contributed to significant recruitment outside the seasonal window. Patients on ICS/LABA/LAMA versus ICS/LABA had a higher placebo event rate HR=2.82, as did women versus men HR=2.8. Conclusions The ExDo design provided conclusive phase 2a results. Exacerbation rate was lower than predicted likely reflecting current standard of care, but may be further increased by recruiting more women and patients on triple therapy only. Temporal distribution and risk factors for AECOPD in the current study was similar to other studies. Although it affected FEV1, utility of OCS run‐in could not be determined. Due to lack of treatment effect, conclusive recommendations cannot be made, but the study design represents a potential way forward for testing early phase compounds that seek to prevent AECOPD.
 Once-daily indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY) reduces use of rescue medication versus twice-daily salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) in patients with moderate-to-very severe COPD: results from the FLAME study;  Introduction Rescue Medication (RM) use is an indirect measure of symptom burden in COPD patients . FLAME study assessed the use of daily RM with IND/GLY vs SFC in moderate‐to‐very severe COPD patients with ≥1 exacerbation in the previous year. Methods FLAME was a 52‐week, multicentre, double‐blind study. Patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD were randomised (1:1) to IND/GLY 110/50 μg o.d. or SFC 50/500 μg b.i.d. RM (albuterol/salbutamol) was used on 'as needed' basis throughout the study and was captured using a daily patient e‐diary. Results In total, 3362 patients were randomised. Patients in the IND/GLY treatment arm showed significantly lower mean daily, day‐time number of RM puffs used and % days with no RM use vs SFC over the 52 weeks treatment period. Reductions in the night‐time number of puffs were comparable between Conclusion IND/GLY treatment resulted in a significant reduction in mean daily RM use and an increase in days without RM use compared with SFC in patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD during 52 week treatment period. (Figure Presented).
 Tiotropium/Salmeterol/Fluticasone Fixed Dose Combination Tratment Via Discair vs Tiotropium Via Handihaler + Salmeterol/Fluticasone Via Diskus Free Combination Treatment;  The overall objective is to asses the bronchodilator effect of Tiotropium/Salmeterol/Fluticasone combination delivered via Discair® twice daily as compared with original products Seretide Diskus 500 mcg Inhalation Powder twice daily and Spiriva 18 mcg Inhalation Powder once daily free combination treatment in patients with stable moderate to severe COPD. For formerly diagnosed patients who met all the inclusion criteria and receiving COPD treatment, the day of the screening visit will be based on the completion of a run‐in period, with the length determined by the specific medication. During the run‐in period, salbutamol (100 μg inhaler) will be prescribed as a rescue medication. Patients (following run‐in period for formerly diagnosed patients) will be randomly assigned to receive Tiotropium/Salmeterol/Fluticasone fixed dose combination as dry powder inhalation delivered via Discair® twice daily or Seretide Diskus 500 mcg Inhalation Powder twice daily and Spiriva 18 mcg Inhalation Powder once daily free combination for 2‐days treatment period. Patients will be evaluated at 4 consecutive visits: baseline (enrollment), screening, treatment and after treatment. Spirometric measurements will be performed totally at 15 different time points at pretreatment and post‐treatment (pre‐dose, 15. min, 30. min, 1. hr, 2. hr, 4.hr, 8.hr and 12.hr) during the first treatment day and at 16 different time points (15. min, 30. min, 1. hr, 2. hr, 4.hr, 6 hr, 8.hr and 12.hr) during the second treatment day.
 Indacaterol/glycopyrrolate significantly improves health status and dyspnea in different subgroups of patients with moderate-to-severe COPD: pooled analysis of flight1 and flight2 studies;  Introduction: According to the Global Initiative for Chronic Obstructive Lung Disease (GOLD) strategy, one of the major goals in the treatment of COPD is the optimization of health‐related quality of life.1 Indacaterol/glycopyrrolate is a twice‐daily (b.i.d.), fixed‐dose combination of the LABA, indacaterol 27.5 μg and the LAMA, glycopyrrolate 15.6 μg, approved in the US for the long‐term maintenance treatment of airflow obstruction in patients with COPD. A statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvement in St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) and transition dyspnea index (TDI) total scores was observed with indacaterol/glycopyrrolate versus placebo in overall population of FLIGHT1 and FLIGHT2 studies.2 Here, we present the improvement in SGRQ and TDI total scores with indacaterol/glycopyrrolate versus placebo in different subgroups of patients from the pooled analysis of FLIGHT1 and FLIGHT2 studies. Methods: FLIGHT1 and FLIGHT2 were replicate, multicenter, double‐blind, parallel‐group, placebo‐and active‐control studies that randomized (1:1:1:1) patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD to receive indacaterol/glycopyrrolate 27.5/15.6 μg, indacaterol 27.5 μg, glycopyrrolate 15.6 μg or placebo (all b.i.d.) over a 12‐week treatment period. All treatments were delivered via the Neohaler® device. The change from baseline in SGRQ and improvement in TDI total scores at Week 12 with indacaterol/glycopyrrolate versus placebo were analyzed in different subgroups: Age, gender, severity of airflow obstruction, smoking status, ICS use at baseline, and GOLD combined assessment (GOLD 2011). Results: From the overall pooled analysis of FLIGHT1 and FLIGHT2 studies, results of indacaterol/glycopyrrolate (n=508) and placebo (n=508) were compared in this analysis. In all the subgroups analyzed, patients treated with indacaterol/glycopyrrolate showed statistically and clinically significant improvements in SGRQ and TDI total scores compared with placebo at Week 12 (Figures 1A and 1B). With indacaterol/glycopyrrolate versus placebo, significantly higher proportion of patients achieved ≥4units reduction in the SGRQ total score (ranging from 62.4% to 52.6% with indacaterol/glycopyrrolate versus 41.4% to 29.3% with placebo) and ≥1 unit increase in the TDI total scores (ranging from 68.6% to 55.4% with indacaterol/glycopyrrolate versus 46.5% to 30.2% with placebo) at Week 12. Conclusion: Clinically meaningful improvements in SGRQ and TDI total scores with indacaterol/glycopyrrolate indicate its potential to improve health status in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD.
 Reduction in the rate and risk of moderate or severe exacerbations with once-daily indacaterol/glycopyrronium compared with twice-daily salmeterol/fluticasone in a subset of gold group D COPD patients with a history of ≥2 exacerbations or 1 hospitalization: the flame study;  Introduction: The FLAME study demonstrated the superiority of indacaterol/glycopyrronium (110/50 μg, once daily), in reducing exacerbations, improving lung function, and health status versus salmeterol/fluticasone in moderate‐to‐very severe COPD patients with a history of exacerbations.1 We assessed the effect of indacaterol/glycopyrronium versus salmeterol/fluticasone on the rate and risk of moderate or severe exacerbations in a subset of GOLD Group D patients who had a history of ≥2 exacerbations or 1 hospitalization for exacerbation from the FLAME study. Methods: FLAME was a 52‐week, randomized, double‐blind, doubledummy, parallel‐group study. Patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD, post‐bronchodilator FEV1 ≥25% to <60% predicted normal, and a history of ≥1 exacerbation in the previous year were randomized (1:1) to receive either indacaterol/glycopyrronium (110/50 μg) once‐daily or salmeterol/ fluticasone (50/500 μg) twice‐daily. The rate and time to moderate or severe exacerbations were analyzed in the subset of GOLD Group D patients. Results: Of the 3362 patients randomized, 2514 were categorized as GOLD Group D. The mean post‐bronchodilator FEV1 was 44.1% of the predicted normal value and 56.3% patients were on ICS at screening. Indacaterol/glycopyrronium demonstrated superior efficacy over salmeterol/ fluticasone in reducing the rate of moderate or severe exacerbations (Table presented) (rate ratio, 0.86;Table). Indacaterol/glycopyrronium delayed the time‐tofirst moderate or severe exacerbation compared with salmeterol/fluticasone (median days: 291 versus 215;Table). The patients treated with indacaterol/glycopyrronium had a 19% lower risk of a moderate or severe exacerbation compared with salmeterol/fluticasone. Conclusion: Indacaterol/glycopyrronium was superior to salmeterol/ fluticasone in reducing the rate and risk of moderate or severe exacerbations in subset of GOLD Group D patients with a history of ≥2 exacerbations or 1 hospitalization for exacerbation, confirming its use as a preferred treatment option for COPD patients at high risk of exacerbations.
 Analysis of IMPACT: is one blood eosinophil count measurement sufficient to predict ICS treatment response in COPD?;  Background: Clinical factors may contribute to blood eosinophil count (BEC) variability, leading to a question: is one BEC measurement sufficient to predict ICS response in COPD? Methods: IMPACT is a randomised, double‐blind, 52‐week trial comparing fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) 100/62.5/25μg with FF/VI 100/25μg and UMEC/VI 62.5/25μg. Using negative binomial regression with fractional polynomials, this post hoc analysis modelled FF/UMEC/VI vs UMEC/VI and FF/VI vs UMEC/VI effect on moderate/severe exacerbation rates by continuous BEC using: actual screening (2 weeks prior to D1) and randomisation (D1) values, and mean, minimum and maximum of the two BEC values. The best fitting model across the five BEC measurement methods was assessed using Akaike information criteria (AIC; estimates the amount of information lost by a model ‐ lowest AIC indicates best fitting model) Results: All models had comparable AIC; the best fitting model was the one using actual D1 data (Figure). Using minimum, maximum or mean BEC values did not provide additional information. Any one of the BEC measurements substantially improved the model vs no measurement (p<0.001) Conclusions: Two BEC values do not appear to provide additional information to predict ICS response in COPD vs one value. It is unknown whether this finding can be reproduced in other settings.(Figure Presented).
 A randomized controlled trial of AZD7624, an inhaled P38 map kinase inhibitor, in COPD patients on ICS/LABA with a history of frequent exacerbations;  Prior study has shown that p38 MAP kinase (MAPK) is upregulated in alveolar macrophages in patients with COPD, and p38 activation increases with COPD severity. We hypothesized that treatment with an inhaled inhibitor of p38 MAPK (AZD7624) could reduce a composite exacerbation endpoint in COPD patients, while avoiding the systemic side effects of oral p38 inhibitors. COPD patients with a history of ≥2 exacerbations in the previous year, treated with ICS/LABA +/‐ LAMA for at least 2 months prior to enrolment, and FEV1<70% were enrolled. During a 2‐week run‐in period, patients received 30 mg prednisone per day, and were then randomized to AZD7624 (1.0mg) or placebo for 3 months while continuing on maintenance COPD therapy. Primary endpoint was reduction in time to a composite endpoint of moderate or severe acute exacerbations of COPD (AECOPD) and drop‐outs (ExDO). Secondary endpoints included moderate to severe AECOPD, FEV1, SGRQ, and TDI/BDI scores. The study was carried out in the US, Netherlands, South Africa, Argentina, Chile, and Peru with enrollment during fall or winter season. Patients randomized to AZD7624 (n=107) were similar to those randomized to placebo (n=105) with respect to age (65.4 vs 64.2), sex (37.4% female vs. 34.3%) baseline FEV1, (1.14L vs 1.19L), and mean SGRQ (58.7 vs 60.4), respectively. AZD7624 had no significant effect on the primary endpoint of time to first ExDO (HR=1.39, P=0.24), with a trend towards more patients having at least one ExDO event in the AZD7624 arm (32 vs 23). Time to first exacerbation displayed a similar trend (HR=1.49, P=0.12). There was no significant difference in change from post run‐in comparing AZD7624 vs. placebo in FEV1 (‐16ml vs ‐7ml, P=0.70), or SGRQ‐C (‐4.03 vs ‐5.11, P=0.92), BDI/TDI (1.6 vs 1.7, P=0.77). AZD7624 treatment tended to be associated with an increased risk for ExDO in patients with baseline eosinophil count >2%, (HR=2.2, (P=0.06)), but not so in patients with eosinophil count ≤2% (HR=0.93 (P=0.85)). Overall inhaled AZD7624 was well‐tolerated, with COPD exacerbation being reported as the most common adverse event. Events of rash and elevated liver enzymes that have been associated with oral p38 inhibitors were in infrequent (<5%) and not different between the treatment arms. Although inhaled AZD7624 is safe and well tolerated whilst avoiding systemic side effects of p38 inhibitors, it offers no clinical benefit with respect to exacerbations, lung function, or symptoms in COPD patients with a history of frequent exacerbations.
 COPD exacerbation rates by month in the ETHOS trial with budesonide/glycopyrronium/formoterol metered dose inhaler (BGF MDI) at two ICS dose levels;  Background: In the 52‐week ETHOS trial (NCT02465567), the triple fixed‐dose combination BGF MDI containing 320 μ g or 160 μ g budesonide reduced the rate of moderate/severe COPD exacerbations vs dual therapies. Objective: To assess exacerbation rates by month of treatment in the ETHOS trial. Methods: Patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD and ≥1 moderate/severe exacerbation in the prior year were randomised to BGF MDI 320/14.4/10 μ g or 160/14.4/10 μ g, glycopyrronium/formoterol (GFF) MDI 14.4/10 μ g or budesonide/formoterol (BFF) MDI 320/10 μ g, each administered twice‐daily via a single Aerosphere inhaler. In a pre‐specified analysis, annualised exacerbation rates were assessed in consecutive 4‐week intervals using generalised estimating equation modelling. Results: In the modified ITT population (n=8509), 56.5% had experienced ≥2 moderate/severe exacerbations in the previous year; 80.5% were using ICS at screening. Within each treatment group, exacerbation rates by monthly interval were generally consistent across the study period. The rate ratios were <1.0 for the comparison of BGF MDI 320/14.4/10 μ g and GFF MDI across every 4‐week interval throughout the 52‐week treatment period, and were <0.85 for 11 of the 13 intervals, demonstrating a consistent clinical benefit of triple therapy. Similar results were observed for BGF MDI 160/14.4/10 μ g. Conclusions: Reductions in COPD exacerbation rates with BGF MDI 320/14.4/10 μ g (ICS/LAMA/LABA) vs LAMA/LABA were observed throughout the study and not only during the early weeks of treatment.
 Comparison of a combination of tiotropium plus formoterol to salmeterol plus fluticasone in moderate COPD;  BACKGROUND: A 6‐week, multicenter, randomized, double‐blind, parallel‐group study was conducted in patients with COPD to compare lung function improvements of tiotropium, 18 microg qd, plus formoterol, 12 microg bid, to salmeterol, 50 microg bid, plus fluticasone, 500 microg bid. METHODS: Following a screening visit, subjects entered a run‐in period in which they received regular ipratropium. At randomization, patients were assigned to either tiotropium plus formoterol or salmeterol plus fluticasone. After 6 weeks of treatment, a 12‐h lung function profile was obtained. The coprimary end points were FEV(1) area under the curve for the time period 0 to 12 h (AUC(0‐12)) and peak FEV(1). RESULTS: A total of 729 patients were screened, and 605 patients were randomized and treated. A total of 592 patients (baseline FEV(1), 1.32 +/‐ 0.43 L/min [+/‐SD]) were included in the analysis. After 6 weeks, the 12‐h lung function profiles in the group receiving tiotropium plus formoterol were superior to those in the group receiving salmeterol plus fluticasone (mean difference in FEV(1) AUC(0‐12), 78 mL [p = 0.0006]; mean difference in FVC AUC(0‐12), 173 mL, p < 0.0001). Also, peak responses were in favor of tiotropium plus formoterol (difference in peak FEV(1), 103 mL [p < 0.0001]; difference in peak FVC, 214 mL [p < 0.0001]), as were FEV(1) and FVC at each individual time point after dose (p < 0.05). Predose FVC was significantly higher with the bronchodilator combination, while predose FEV(1) and rescue medication use did not differ significantly between groups. Both treatments were well tolerated. CONCLUSIONS: Tiotropium plus formoterol was superior in lung function over the day compared to salmeterol plus fluticasone in patients with moderate COPD. Long‐term studies in patients with severe COPD are warranted to assess the relative efficacy of different treatment combinations. Trial registration: Clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT00239421.
 Comparison of a combination of tiotropium and formoterol to salmeterol and fluticasone in moderate COPD;  15th European Respiratory Society Annual Congress. Copenhagen, Denmark; September 17‐21
 Safety and Efficacy of NVA237 as an add-on to Fixed Dose Combination LABA/ICS;  This study is to evaluate if add‐on treatment with inhaled NVA237 (50 µg) once daily (o.d.) via single‐dose dry‐powder inhaler (SDDPI) further improves lung function and health status and is well tolerated compared to placebo in symptomatic COPD patients with moderate to severe airflow limitation who are already receiving maintenance therapy with inhaled fixed‐dose‐combination of salmeterol/fluticasone propionate (50/500 µg) twice daily (b.i.d.) via multi‐dose dry powder inhaler (MDDPI).
 Exacerbation benefit by blood eosinophil counts with budesonide/glycopyrronium/formoterol metered dose inhaler (BGF MDI) at two ICS dose levels in the ETHOS trial: a subgroup analysis;  Background: For patients who experience COPD exacerbations on LAMA/LABA, GOLD recommends step‐up to ICS/LAMA/LABA triple therapy for those with blood eosinophil counts (EOS) ≥100 cells/mm3. In the 52‐week ETHOS trial (NCT02465567), triple therapy with BGF MDI at two ICS dose levels reduced the rate of moderate/severe COPD exacerbations vs dual therapies. Objective: To assess exacerbation rates in patients with EOS <100 and ≥100 cells/mm3 in ETHOS. Methods: Patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD and ≥1 moderate/severe exacerbation in the prior year were randomised to BGF MDI 320/14.4/10μ g or 160/14.4/10μ g, glycopyrronium/formoterol (GFF) MDI 14.4/10μ g or budesonide/formoterol (BFF) MDI 320/10μ g (all treatments administered twice‐daily in a single Aerosphere inhaler). Results: In the modified ITT population (n=8509), 82.6% of patients had EOS ≥100. In these patients, both doses of BGF MDI reduced moderate/severe exacerbations vs GFF MDI (by 28‐29%, both p<0.0001) and BFF MDI (by 11‐ 12%, both p<0.03; Table). In patients with EOS <100, both BGF MDI doses reduced exacerbations vs BFF MDI (p<0.04) but not vs GFF MDI. Conclusions: BGF MDI reduced exacerbations vs GFF MDI and BFF MDI in patients with EOS ≥100 but only vs BFF MDI in EOS <100, suggesting this cut‐off may be a useful guide for step‐up from LAMA/LABA to triple therapy.
 Molecular Signatures Associated With Response to ICS Treatment in Patients With COPD Stratified by Eosinophil Levels;  The 3TR‐ICS COPD study is an international, multicentre, randomized, parallel, controlled study that will recruit clinically stable former smokers COPD patients (with no exacerbations in the previous 8 weeks) on treatment with dual long‐acting bronchodilators (LABA+LAMA), minimum 8 weeks of usage, not receiving ICS (either naïve or > 3 months since last usage). The overall objective of this clinical trial is to identify the molecular signatures associated with the molecular response to ICS treatment in patients with COPD stratified by the levels of circulating eosinophils, and the potential influence of the pulmonary microbiome
 Extrafine beclomethasone/formoterol in severe COPD patients with history of exacerbations;  The FORWARD study is a randomised, double‐blind trial that compares the efficacy and safety of 48 weeks treatment with extrafine beclomethasone dipropionate/formoterol fumarate (BDP/FOR), 100/6 μg pMDI, 2 inhalations BID, vs. FOR 12 μg pMDI, 1 inhalation BID, in severe COPD patients with a history of exacerbations. Co‐primary endpoints were exacerbation rate over 48 weeks and pre‐dose morning FEV(1) at 12 weeks. The ITT population included 1186 patients (69% males, mean age 64 years) with severe airflow limitation (mean post‐bronchodilator FEV(1) 42% predicted). Salbutamol as rescue therapy, theophylline and tiotropium (if stable regimen prior to screening) were allowed. Compared to FOR, BDP/FOR: (1) reduced the exacerbation rate (rate ratio: 0.72 [95% confidence interval 0.62‐0.84], p < 0.001); (2) improved pre‐dose morning FEV(1) (mean difference: 0.069 L [0.043‐0.095] p < 0.001); (3) prolonged the time to first exacerbation; (4) improved the SGRQ total score. The percentage of patients with adverse events was similar (52.1% with BDP/FOR and 49.2% with FOR). Pneumonia incidence was low, slightly higher with BDP/FOR (3.8%) than with FOR (1.8%). No difference for laboratory values, ECG or vital signs. Extrafine BDP/FOR significantly reduces the exacerbation rate and improves lung function of patients with severe COPD and history of exacerbations as compared to FOR alone.
 A single dose escalation safety study of extrafine glycopyrronium bromide PMDI in COPD patients;  Background: CHF 5259 is an extrafine inhaled long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (glycopyrronium bromide, GB) in development in an extrafine fixed dose combination with extrafine beclomethasone dipropionate plus formoterol (Foster®) in a pressurized metered dose inhaler (pMDI) for the treatment of COPD. The aim of the study was to assess the safety and tolerability of five single ascending doses of CHF 5259 (GB) pMDI in patients with moderate to severe COPD Methods: This was a single centre, randomised, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, single‐dose escalation, alternating cross‐over design in two cohorts of COPD patients. At each GB pMDI dose level (12.5, 25, 50, 100 and 200 μg), CHF 5259 and placebo were planned to be administered to 10 and 2 patients, respectively. Results: Twenty seven moderate to severe COPD patients (mean age: 58 years, mean baseline FEV1: 53.6% of predicted normal value) were randomised into two cohorts: 16 patients in Cohort A at 3 dose levels: 12,5, 50 and 200 μg and 11 patients in Cohort B at 2 dose levels: 25 and 100 μg. The most frequently reported treatment emergent adverse event was headache. All adverse events (AEs) were mild or moderate. No laboratory abnormalities, 12‐lead ECG abnormalities, or vital signs abnormalities were reported as an AE. The frequency of clinically relevant abnormalities in 24‐h Holter ECG recording was not higher at each GB pMDI dose compared to placebo. Baseline‐corrected values of trough FEV1 at 12h and 24h post‐dose, peak FEV1, FEV1 AUC0‐12h and AUC0‐24h were all considerably higher after any single doses of GB pMDI than after inhalation of placebo (p<0.001). Conclusion: Single doses of extrafine GB pMDI up to 200 μg were safe and well tolerated in patients with moderate to severe COPD.
 Late breaking abstract-analysis of the informing the pathway of COPD treatment (IMPACT) study in the subgroup of patients taking triple therapy at screening;  Purpose: A post‐hoc analysis of the IMPACT study in the subgroup of patients taking triple therapy at screening. The effect of ICS and LAMA step down was analyzed by comparing triple therapy vs dual therapy for rate of exacerbations (exb), change in FEV1 and SGRQ. Methods: IMPACT was a 52‐week randomized, double‐blind study in patients ≥40 yrs with symptomatic COPD and ≥1 exb in the prior 12 months. The primary endpoint was annual rate of on‐treatment moderate/severe (mod/sev) exb comparing fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) 100/62.5/25μg vs FF/VI and UMEC/VI. Data were analysed based on the medications they were taking at screening. Results: 10,355 patients were in the ITT population (FF/UMEC/VI, n=4151; FF/VI, n=4134; UMEC/VI, n=2070). At baseline, 40% of each treatment group were taking triple therapy. Data for the comparison of FF/UMEC/VI vs FF/VI and vs UMEC/VI for the endpoints mod/sev exb, severe exb, change from baseline in trough FEV1, and change from baseline in SGRQ are presented in table 1. Conclusion: In patients maintained on ICS or LAMA therapy the magnitude of reduction in exacerbations, hospitalizations, and improvement in lung function, quality of life was greater than in those who had withdrawal of these therapies.
 RISK OF DEATH AND COPD HOSPITALIZATION WITH FLUTICASONE FUROATE-CONTAINING THERAPY: POST HOC SUBGROUP ANALYSIS FROM THE SUMMIT TRIAL IN PATIENTS WITH COPD AND A HISTORY OF EXACERBATION;  SESSION TITLE: Obstructive Lung Disease Posters SESSION TYPE: Original Investigation Posters PRESENTED ON: October 18‐21, 2020 PURPOSE: In the SUMMIT trial, fluticasone furoate/vilanterol (FF/VI) did not significantly reduce all‐cause mortality (ACM) in patients with moderate airflow limitation and heightened cardiovascular (CV) risk compared with placebo (NCT01313676). However, in the 1‐year IMPACT trial (NCT02164513) FF/umeclidinium (UMEC)/VI significantly reduced risk of on‐/off‐treatment ACM in patients with a history of exacerbations vs UMEC/VI. This post‐hoc analysis investigated ACM and severe exacerbation risk in a subgroup of patients from the SUMMIT trial with a history of exacerbations. METHODS: SUMMIT was an event‐driven multicenter trial (median study exposure 1.8 years) in patients with moderate airflow obstruction (post‐bronchodilator forced expiratory volume in 1 second [FEV1] 50–70% predicted) and heightened CV risk. Eligible patients also had a post‐bronchodilator FEV1/forced vital capacity (FVC) ratio ≤0.70, smoking history of ≥10 pack‐years and a modified Medical Research Council dyspnea scale score ≥2. Patients were randomized (1:1:1:1) to receive once‐daily inhaled placebo (PBO), FF (100 µg), VI (25 µg), or FF/VI (100/25 µg). Primary efficacy outcome was time to death from any cause, regardless of maintenance of study medication. Exacerbations were an additional outcome. This subanalysis presents data from...
 Sustained efficacy of multiple doses of extrafine glycopyrronium bromide in COPD patients;  Background: CHF 5259 is a twice daily inhaled long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (glycopyrronium bromide, GB) in development in an extrafine fixed dose combination with beclomethasone dipropionate plus formoterol (Foster®) in a metered dose inhaler for the treatment of COPD Methods: This study was a randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, 4‐period, 4‐treatment, repeated dose cross‐over design followed by an open‐label extension period with tiotropium, to evaluate the bronchodilator effect and to assess the safety and tolerability of repeated doses of extrafine GB via a pressurised metered dose inhaler (pMDI). The study comprised a total of five 8‐day repeated‐dose periods, separated by a 7‐day wash‐out period. In the first four periods, the patients were administered GB (3 dose levels: 12.5, 25, and 50 μg twice a day) or placebo according to a cross‐over design. The fifth period was an open‐label period with tiotropium (18 μg once a day). The primary endpoint was to evaluate the trough FEV1 at 12 h post‐dose on Day 7. Other lung function parameters were evaluated as well as the safety, tolerability and the pharmacokinetic (PK) profile of GB at steady state. Results Thirty eight COPD patients were randomized (mean age: 57.5 years, mean baseline FEV1: 52% of the predicted normal value). For the primary endpoint (trough FEV1 12 h post‐dose on Day 7) GB (at all dose levels) showed highly significant improvements (mean difference >110 ml, p<0.001) versus placebo. All doses of GB were superior to placebo for peak FEV1, AUC 0‐12h on Day 7 and pre‐dose FEV1 on Day 8 (p<0.001). In the comparison between GB dose levels, a statistically significantly higher peak FEV1 was reached for GB 50 μg compared to GB 25 μg (p < 0.05). Both GB doses of 50 and 100 μg were statistically superior to GB 25 μg in pre‐dose FEV1 on Day 8 (p< 0.05). In general, the improvement at 50 μg and 100 μg GB doses was similar to tiotropium, , although the improvement of pre‐dose FEV1 at Day 8 was statistically significantly greater than with tiotropium (p<0.05). Conclusion: Multiple dose administration in moderate to severe COPD patients of extrafine GB up to 100 μg for 8 days provided clinically meaningful effect with overall efficacy similar to tiotropium. GB is well tolerated in moderate to severe COPD patients. (Table Presented).
 Bone mineral density and ocular safety after 52 weeks' treatment with budesonide/glycopyrrolate/formoterol fumarate metered dose inhaler (BGF MDI) using co-suspension delivery technology in COPD;  INTRODUCTION: Long‐term use of ICS may potentially be associated with increased risk of bone loss, fractures, ocular effects, and pneumonia. This study (NCT02536508), an extension of the pivotal KRONOS trial (NCT02497001), evaluated the effects of the ICS/LAMA/LABA triple fixed‐dose combination BGF MDI 320/18/9.6 μ g, the ICS/LABA budesonide/formoterol fumarate (BFF) MDI 320/9.6 μ g, and the LAMA/LABA glycopyrrolate/formoterol fumarate (GFF) MDI 18/9.6 μ g, a non‐steroid‐containing comparator, on bone mineral density (BMD), ocular safety, and adverse events (AEs) in patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD over 52 weeks. Methods: A subset of eligible patients (from US sites only) who participated in the 24‐week, Phase III, randomized, double‐blind, parallel‐group KRONOS study continued their treatment (BGF MDI, BFF MDI, or GFF MDI) for an additional 28 weeks. The primary BMD endpoint was the % change from baseline in BMD of lumbar spine segments 2 to 4 at Week 52. The primary ocular endpoint was the change from baseline in the Lens Opacities Classification System III (LOCS III) posterior subcapsular cataract (P) score at Week 52. Additional safety assessments included AEs, electrocardiograms, and clinical laboratory parameters. Results: Overall, 456 patients (90.8% White; 53.1% male; mean age 62.8 years) were included in the safety population. At Week 52 and end of treatment, there were no clinically meaningful changes with BGF MDI, GFF MDI, or BFF MDI for the % change from baseline in lumbar spine and hip BMD (least squares mean [LSM] range ‐1.12% to 0.43%), and the change from baseline in LOCS III (P) score (LSM range 0.020‐0.153). Both BGF MDI and BFF MDI were demonstrated to be non‐inferior to GFF MDI using non‐inferiority margins of ‐2% (BMD) and 0.5 units (LOCS III [P] score; Table). The incidence of treatment‐emergent AEs was similar across groups (range: 72.7%‐76.4%). Confirmed pneumonia was infrequent (BGF MDI 2.1%, GFF MDI 3.4%, and BFF MDI 1.1%). The pattern and frequency of AEs during the first 24 weeks of the study were generally similar to those observed after Week 24. Conclusion: Both ICS‐containing therapies were non‐inferior to LAMA/LABA for BMD and ocular endpoints, and changes from baseline in all three treatment groups were small and not clinically meaningful. All treatments were well tolerated in patients with COPD. There was no evidence to indicate cumulative adverse effects of treatment, as the AE profile, including pneumonia events, was similar in the first 24 weeks and after Week 24.
 Efficacy and safety of IND/GLY compared with salmeterol/fluticasone combination in Chinese patients with moderate-to-severe COPD: a subgroup analysis from the lantern study;  Introduction: The LANTERN study demonstrated better efficacy of indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY; LABA/LAMA) versus salmeterol/ fluticasone (SFC) in moderate‐to‐severe COPD patients with a history of ≤1 exacerbation in the previous year [1]. Here, we present the efficacy and safety of IND/GLY versus SFC in the subgroup of Chinese patients from the LANTERN study. Methods: The 26‐week, double‐blind study randomized patients (1:1) to IND/GLY (110/50μg) od or SFC (50/500μg) bid. The primary endpoint was non‐inferiority of IND/GLY to SFC in terms of post‐dose trough FEV1 after 26 week of treatment. Other endpoints included FVC, FEV1AUC0‐4h, Transitional Dyspnoea Index (TDI), St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ), COPD exacerbations and safety. Results: A total of 598 (80.4%) patients were from mainland China who were randomized to either IND/GLY (n = 298) or SFC (n = 300). The primary endpoint was met and IND/GLY showed superiority vs SFC with a statistically significant increase in trough FEV1 [least squares mean treatment difference (Δ) = 73 ml; p < 0.001], FEV1AUC0‐4h [Δ = 122 ml; p < 0.001] and FVC [Δ = 168 ml; p < 0.001] at week 26. Similar improvement in TDI and SGRQ scores was observed in both groups. IND/GLY significantly reduced the annualized rate of moderate or severe exacerbations vs SFC (rate ratio: 0.57). Adverse events were low in IND/GLY (34.6%) vs SFC (43.1%) with a lower incidence of pneumonia (1 versus 6). Conclusion: These findings support the use of the IND/GLY over SFC in Chinese patients with ≤1 COPD exacerbation in the previous year.
 Exacerbation heterogeneity in COPD: subgroup analyses from the FLAME study;  Background: The FLAME study compared once‐daily indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY) 110/50 μg with twice‐daily salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) 50/500 μg in symptomatic patients with moderate to very severe COPD and a history of exacerbations in the previous year. Methods: This prespecified and post hoc subgroup analysis evaluated treatment efficacy on 1) moderate/severe exacerbations according to prior exacerbation history and treatment, and 2) types of exacerbations according to health care resource utilization (HCRU) during 1‐year follow‐up. Results: IND/GLY reduced the rate of moderate/severe exacerbations versus SFC in patients with a history of 1 exacerbation (rate ratio [RR]: 0.83, 95% CI: 0.75‐0.93), ≥2 exacerbations (RR: 0.85, 95% CI: 0.70‐1.03) and ≥2 exacerbations or ≥1 hospitalization in the previous year (RR: 0.86, 95% CI: 0.74‐1.00). Prolonged time‐to‐first exacerbation was observed in all the groups according to exacerbation history. Moderate/severe exacerbations decreased with IND/GLY versus SFC, independent of previous treatment. IND/GLY significantly reduced rates of moderate/severe exacerbations treated with antibiotics (RR: 0.79, 95% CI: 0.67‐0.93) and systemic corticosteroids and antibiotics (RR: 0.80, 95% CI: 0.70‐0.91); rates of exacerbations treated with systemic corticosteroids alone were comparable (RR: 0.99, 95% CI: 0.80‐1.22). Conclusion: Overall, IND/GLY demonstrated consistent beneficial effects versus SFC on moderate/severe exacerbations, independent of prior exacerbation history or treatment. The efficacy of IND/GLY on exacerbation prevention was superior to SFC for exacerbations treated with antibiotics with/without systemic corticosteroids and was similar for exacerbations treated with systemic corticosteroids alone.
 Comparison of two inhalers in cases of COPD;  INTERVENTION: Intervention1: NIL: NIL Control Intervention1: PATIENTS ON LABA‐ICS: PATIENTS ON LABA‐ICS CONDITION: Health Condition 1: J96‐J99‐ Other diseases of the respiratory system Health Condition 2: J988‐ Other specified respiratory disorders PRIMARY OUTCOME: 1.To determine changes in Spirometry in (LABA+LAMA) Formoterol + Glycopyrronium vs. (LABA+ICS) Formoterol + Budesonide patients. ; ; 2.To determine changes in 6‐minute walk test in (LABA+LAMA) Formoterol + Glycopyrronium vs. (LABA+ICS) Formoterol + Budesonide patients. ; ; Timepoint: ONE DAY SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1. To note the side effects ; 2. To assess the quality of lifeTimepoint: After 90 days INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients willing to give informed consent. Patients aged above 40 years Patients of either sex.
 Cost-effectiveness of single- vs multiple-inhaler triple therapy in a UK COPD population: INTREPID trial;  Background: The 24‐week INTREPID (NCT03467425) study in patients with symptomatic COPD demonstrated the clinical benefits of once‐daily single‐inhaler fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) 100/62.5/25μg vs non‐Ellipta multiple‐inhaler triple therapy (MITT). Objective: The cost‐effectiveness of FF/UMEC/VI vs MITT was assessed using INTREPID data from a UK perspective. Methods: Baseline characteristics, efficacy and treatment discontinuation data obtained from INTREPID populated a validated linked risk equation, disease progression model. Treatment effects included forced expiratory volume in 1 second and St George's Respiratory Questionnaire (derived from CAT score mapping). In the model analysis, patients could discontinue in the first year; an ongoing treatment effect was applied to patients remaining on treatment. UK healthcare resource and drug costs (2020£) were applied; costs and outcomes were discounted at 3.5%. Over a lifetime horizon, model outputs included exacerbation rates, survival, costs, life years (LYs), qualityadjusted LYs (QALYs) and incremental cost‐effectiveness ratio per QALY. Sensitivity analyses explored the robustness of results by varying parameter values and assumptions. Results: LYs and QALYs were greater for FF/UMEC/VI (9.00 LYs; 4.38 QALYs) vs MITT (8.83 LYs; 4.13 QALYs) with a cost saving of £1764 (95% range ‐£2600, ‐£678). Across all scenario and sensitivity analyses, FF/UMEC/VI remained the dominant treatment option, with lower costs and improved outcomes. Conclusions: Compared to MITT, FF/UMEC/VI is predicted to improve health outcomes at lower costs in the UK setting.
 Analysis of exacerbation rates by time interval postrandomization in the KRONOS Phase III study of budesonide/glycopyrronium/formoterol fumarate dihydrate metered dose inhaler (BGF MDI);  Objective: To assess exacerbation rates by month of treatment in the Phase III, double‐blind, KRONOS study (NCT02497001). Methods: Patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD and a COPD assessment test score ≥10 were randomized to BGF MDI 320/14.4/10 μg, glycopyrronium/formoterol fumarate dihydrate (GFF) MDI 14.4/10 μg, budesonide/formoterol fumarate dihydrate (BFF) MDI 320/10 μg, or open‐label budesonide/formoterol fumarate dihydrate dry powder inhaler 320/9 μg twice daily for 24 weeks. Exacerbation rates were re‐assessed post hoc in 4‐ week intervals post‐randomization. Results: In the modified intent‐to‐treat population (n=1896), 74.4% of patients had no exacerbations in the 12 months prior to the study and 71.8% were receiving ICS at screening. Exacerbation rates for each 4‐week interval were largely consistent within each treatment group. A clear benefit for BGF MDI vs the dual LAMA/LABA, GFF MDI, was observed for all intervals except Weeks 17‐20 (rate ratio [RR] 0.95), including Weeks 1‐4 (RR 0.34) and Weeks 21‐24 (RR 0.54; Table). Conclusion: The benefit of BGF MDI vs GFF MDI on COPD exacerbations was evident throughout most of the treatment period. These findings are as expected for a population who are at high risk for COPD exacerbations, even in the absence of an exacerbation history in the previous 12 months. (Figure Presented).
 The IMPACT Trial: single inhaler triple therapy vs dual therapies: efficacy across multiple COPD endpoints over time;  Background: IMPACT is a randomized, multicenter study (52 weeks) comparing the efficacy and safety of fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) vs FF/VI and UMEC/VI in patients ≥40 years of age with symptomatic COPD and a history of exacerbations (exac) (N=10,355). For the primary endpoint, FF/UMEC/VI demonstrated a significant reduction in moderate (mod)/severe (sev) exac vs FF/VI and UMEC/VI (NEJM 2018;378:18). Objectives: Evaluate the overall benefit of FF/UMEC/VI by assessing outcomes across other COPD endpoints over time. Methods: Pre‐specified endpoints were trough FEV1 (weeks 4, 16, 28, 40, 52) and SGRQ, TDI and CAT (weeks 4, 28, 52) analyzed by mixed models repeated measures. Results: FF/UMEC/VI vs FF/VI and UMEC/VI showed significant improvement in trough FEV1 (Figure) and SGRQ at week 4 that continued throughout the trial at all measured timepoints. FF/UMEC/VI demonstrated significant improvements in CAT vs FF/VI at all timepoints, and at weeks 4 and 52 compared to UMEC/VI. Conclusions: FF/UMEC/VI showed significant benefit across a range of COPD endpoints over time vs FF/VI and UMEC/VI. This underscores the consistent efficacy profile of FF/UMEC/VI and supports its role in the treatment of symptomatic patients with a history of exacerbations. (Figure Presented).
 The bronchodilator effects of extrafine glycopyrronium added to combination treatment with beclometasone dipropionate plus formoterol in COPD: a randomised crossover study (the TRIDENT study);  This multicentre, double‐blind, randomised, placebo‐controlled, crossover study aimed to determine the dose‐response of the long‐acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) glycopyrronium bromide (GB) when added to beclometasone dipropionate plus formoterol fumarate (BDP/FF) in patients with COPD. Patients received extrafine GB 12.5, 25 or 50 μg twice daily (BID) or placebo for 7 days via pressurised metered dose inhaler (pMDI), and extrafine BDP/FF via pMDI throughout the study. The primary objective was to demonstrate superiority of GB plus BDP/FF versus BDP/FF in terms of FEV1 area under the curve from 0 to 12 h (AUC0‐12h) on Day 7. Secondary endpoints included: FEV1 AUC0‐12h on Day 1; peak FEV1 and FVC on Days 1 and 7; and trough (12 h post‐dose) FEV1, FVC and inspiratory capacity (IC) on Days 1 and 7. Of 178 patients randomised (mean age 62.7 years, post‐bronchodilator FEV1 48.9%), 172 (96.6%) completed. Mean FEV1 AUC0‐12h on Day 7 was significantly higher (p < 0.001) for all GB doses plus BDP/FF compared to BDP/FF alone, with the difference for the 25 and 50 μg BID doses being clinically relevant (i.e., ≥100 mL). The results for the other spirometry endpoints were consistent with the primary endpoint. Adverse events were reported in 7.4, 5.7 and 8.0% of patients receiving GB 12.5, 25 and 50 μg BID, respectively, versus 11.0% of patients receiving BDP/FF alone. This study confirms the value of adding GB to BDP/FF to improve lung function in COPD patients. The dose of extrafine GB 25 μg BID was associated with the best efficacy/safety profile. TRIAL REGISTERED AT: ClinicalTrials.gov. REGISTRATION NUMBER: NCT01476813.
 Multinational Clinical trial to test the cardiac safety of new combination of FOSTER® 100/6 µG plus glycopyrrolate (at dosage of 25µG or 50µG BID) taken twice daily in comparison with FOSTER® 100/6 µG alone taken twice daily;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: FOSTER® Product Name: FOSTER® Product Code: CHF1535 Pharmaceutical Form: Pressurised inhalation, solution INN or Proposed INN: Formoterol Fumarate CAS Number: 43229‐80‐7 Other descriptive name: FF Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 6‐ INN or Proposed INN: BECLOMETASONE DIPROPIONATE CAS Number: 08/09/5534 Other descriptive name: BDP Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 100‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Pressurised inhalation, solution Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Product Name: Glycopyrrolate Product Code: CHF 5259 Pharmaceutical Form: Pressurised inhalation, solution INN or Proposed INN: GLYCOPYRRONIUM BROMIDE CAS Number: 596‐51‐0 Current Sponsor code: CHF 5259 Other descriptive name: GB Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 12.5‐ INN or Proposed INN: GLYCOPYRRONIUM BROMIDE CAS Number: 596‐51‐0 Current Sponsor code: CHF5259 Other descriptive name: GB Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 25‐ CONDITION: Moderate and severe COPD ; MedDRA version: 14.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10010952 Term: COPD System Organ Class: 10038738 ‐ Respiratory, thoracic and mediastinal disorders Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To assess the effect on change from baseline in average 24h HR at Visit 5 of combination of FOSTER® HFA pMDI (beclomethasone dipropionate (BDP) + formoterol fumarate (FF) 100/6 µg), 2 inhalations BID, + Glycopyrrolate HFA pMDI (GB) 12.5 µg 2 inhalations BID (therapeutic dose) and FOSTER® HFA pMDI, 2 inhalations BID, + Glycopyrrolate HFA pMDI 25µg 2 inhalations BID (supratherapeutic dose) compared to FOSTER® HFA pMDI, 2 inhalations BID in moderate to severe COPD patients Primary end point(s): •Change from baseline in average 24‐hour heart rate at Visit 5 Secondary Objective: •To assess the effect of study treatments in terms of other parameters of Cardiovascular Safety (change of ECG parameters and evidence and incidence of arrhythmias).; •Evaluation of Pulmonary function parameters (evening trough FEV1 and trough FVC measured at 12h post dose).; •Evaluation of PK profile of GB, BDP, B17MP and FF to correlate to cardiac safety parameters.; •Full PK evaluation to permit heart rate‐concentration modeling, using mean hourly heart rate as the PD variables.; •Evaluation of Adverse Events; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: The ECG parameters like HR will be extracted as triplicate at pre‐dose (‐30, ‐15, ‐5 minutes) and post morning‐dose (10 minutes, 30 minutes, 4h, 8h, 12h and 24h) timepoints from 12‐lead digital ECG Holters performed during Visit 1, Visit 2, Visit 3 and Visit 5 SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): •HR, ?HR at Visit 3 and Visit 5 at pre‐morning dose and at each timepoint post‐ dose; ; •Hourly HR, ? hourly HR at Visit 3 and Visit 5 and ? hourly HR between Visit 5 and Visit 3 in 24 hours time monitoring; ; •QRS interval, ?QRS interval at Visit 3 and Visit 5 at pre‐morning dose and at each timepoint post‐dose; ; •PR interval, ?PR interval at Visit 3 and Visit 5 at pre‐morning dose and at each timepoint post‐dose; ; •QT interval, ?QT interval at Visit 3 and Visit 5 at pre‐morning dose and at each timepoint post‐dose; ; •QTcF interval, ?QTcF interval at Visit 3 and Visit 5 at pre‐morning dose and at each timepoint post‐dose; ; •QTcP interval (population based), ?QTcP interval at Visit 3 and Visit 5 at pre‐morning dose and at each timepoint post‐dose; ; •Change from baseline in AUC for 24‐hour HR at Visit 3 and Visit 5 and change from Visit 3 to Visit 5; ; •New Myocardial Infarction statement onset at Visit 5 at 24h post‐ dose in comparison to baseline; ; •Number and percentage of patients with abnormal values of QTcF intervals at each timepoint post morning dose at Visit 3 and Visit 5; ; •Number and percentage of patients with significant changes of QTcF intervals from baseline at each timepoint post morning dose at Visit 3 and Visit 5; ; •PVC burden, ?PVC burden, over 24h on Visit 3 and Visit 5; ; •PAC burden, ?PAC burden over 24h on Visit 3 and Visit 5; ; •Adverse Events and Adverse Drug Reactions; ; •Vital signs: pulse rate, systolic and diastolic blood pressure; ; •Pre‐dose chemistry and haematology parameters collected at Visit 3 and Visit 5; ; •Serum potassium Cmin, tmin and AUC0‐12h on Visit 3 and Visit 5; ; •Serum glucose Cmax, tmax and AUC0‐12h on Visit 3 and Visit 5 ; •Evening trough FEV1 and evening trough FVC measured 12 h post dose at Visit 3 and Visit 5. ; •AUC0‐30min (BDP excluded), AUC0‐t, AUC0‐12h, AUC0‐8, Cmax, tmax, t½, on Visit 3; ; •AUC0‐30min,ss (BDP excluded), AUC0‐t,ss, AUC0‐12h,ss, Cmax,ss, tmax,ss, Cmin,ss, tmin,ss, Cav,ss, Rac (accumulation ratio), t½,ss, on Visit 5 at steady state ; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: •ECG parameters timepoints:pre‐dose (‐30, ‐15, ‐5 min) and post morning‐dose (10 min, 30 min, 4h, 8h, 12h and 24h) at Visit 1, Visit 2, Visit 3 and Visit 5 ; •Lung Function Tests timepoints at Visit 3 and Visit 5: ‐45 and ‐15 min pre‐morning dose; 1, 2, 4, 8, 12 and 12h 30min post morning dose ; •Glucose and Potassium timepoints at Vist 3 and 5:within 30 min pre‐morning dose; 5, 10, 15, 30 min, 1, 1.5, 2, 4, 6, 8, 12, 24 h post morning dose ; •PK sample collection time points at Visit3 and Visit5:within 30 min pre‐morning dose and at 5, 10, 15, 30 min, and 1, 1.5, 2, 4, 6, 8, 12 and 24 h after morning dose. A single PK sample collection 30 minutes pre‐morning dose will be done at Visit 4 ; •vital signs:30 minutes pre and post‐morning dose at all visits ; •Adverse Events recording:all visits INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1.Male and female adults = 40years and = 80years old. 2.Male subjects: they and/or their partner must be willing to use an approved method of contraception (see exclusion criteria n. 1) from the time of dose administration and until 30 days after the last dose of study. Subjects must not donate sperm for 30 days after the last dose of study drug. 3.Written informed consent obtained by the patient prior to any study‐related procedures. 4.Outpatient with diagnosis of COPD (defined in GOLD guidelines, up to date 2010) at least in the 6 months before the screening visit, including: a)Smoking history of at least 10 pack years defined as [(number of cigarettes smoked per day) x (number of years of smoking)]/20; both current and ex smokers are eligible. For patients who are in smoking cessation therapy this must be completed at least 1 week before study enrolment; b)Regular use of bronchodilators (e.g. ß2‐agonist or/and anticholinergics) in the prev
 Pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic interactions between extrafine beclomethasone dipropionate and formoterol fumarate components of a fixed-dose combination for asthma and copd;  Rationale: The US clinical development of the single‐inhaler triple therapy BDP/FF/G {extrafine beclomethasone dipropionate (BDP), formoterol fumarate (FF), glycopyrronium (G)}, required investigation of drug‐drug interactions among its individual components. This study assessed the pharmacokinetic (PK) and pharmacodynamic (PD) interactions between the BDP and FF components. Methods: In this single‐center, randomized, open‐label, single‐dose, 3‐way crossover study, healthy adult volunteers received 4 inhalations of the fixed‐dose combination BDP/FF (100/6 μg) {test, T}, BDP (100 μg) {reference 1, R1} or FF (6 μg) {reference 2, R2} all delivered via hydrofluoroalkane 134a‐pressurized metered dose inhalers (HFA pMDI). Serial PK and PD assessments were conducted pre‐dose and up to 24 hours post‐dose. Vital signs, electrocardiograms (ECG) and treatment‐emergent adverse events (TEAEs) were monitored for the assessment of safety. PK parameters were log‐transformed and analyzed using a linear mo Del including treatment, sequence, period and subject within sequence as fixed effects. The ratios of adjusted geometric means between treatments were calculated with their 90% two‐sided confidence intervals (CIs). Results: 54 subjects were enrolled. Geometric means ratios of plasma concentration Cmax and AUC0‐t and corresponding 90% CI for B17MP (beclomethasone 17‐ monopropionate, the most active metabolite of BDP), BDP (T/R1) and formoterol (T/R2) were all within the pre‐defined acceptance interval of 80‐125% (Table). The ratios for the PD parameters of serum potassium (Cmin; AUC0‐4h) and glucose (Cmax; AUC0‐4h) for the T/R1 and T/R2 comparisons also fell within 80‐125%. Plasma cortisol Cmin and AUC0‐24h were both 17% lower for {T} compared to {R2} and urinary cortisol Ae0‐24hr was 27% lower for {T} vs {R2} with no significant differences observed between {T} and {R1}. There were small and expected increases in mean heart rate with {T} and {R2} post‐dosing. QT interval corrected for heart rate by Fridericia's formula (QTcF) did not exceed 450 ms (males) or 470 ms (females) at any time. None of the laboratory, vital signs or ECG abnormalities were considered clinically relevant or a TEAE. TEAEs occurred in 31.5%, 24.1% and 26.4% of subjects on {T}, {R1} and {R2} respectively and none were severe or led to study drug discontinuation. No serious AEs were reported. Conclusion: These results support the absence of clinically‐relevant drug‐drug interactions between the BDP and FF components of extrafine formulation of BDP/FF 100/6 μg HFA pMDI. (Table Presented).
 Intrepid: single-versus multiple-inhaler triple therapy for copd in usual clinical practice;  Introduction: Real‐world trial data comparing single‐with multiple‐inhaler triple therapy (MITT) in COPD patients are currently lacking. The effectiveness of once‐daily single‐inhaler fluticasone furoate (FF)/umeclidinium (UMEC)/vilanterol(VI)andMITTwerecomparedinusualclinicalcare. Methods: INTREPID was a multicentre, randomised, open‐label, phase IV effectiveness study comparing FF/UMEC/VI 100/62.5/25 µg via the ELLIPTA inhaler with a clinician’s choice of any approved non‐ELLIPTA MITT in usual COPD clinical practice in five European countries. Primary end‐point was proportion of COPD Assessment Test (CAT) responders (⩾2‐unit decrease in CAT score from baseline) at week 24. Secondary end‐points in a subpopulation included change from baseline in forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1) and percentage of patients making at least one critical error in inhalation technique at week 24. Safety was also assessed. Results: 3092 patients were included (FF/UMEC/VI n=1545; MITT n=1547). The proportion of CAT responders at week 24 was significantly greater with FF/UMEC/VI versus non‐ELLIPTA MITT (OR 1.31, 95% CI 1.13–1.51; p<0.001) and mean change from baseline in FEV1 was significantly greater with FF/UMEC/VI (77 mL versus 28 mL; treatment difference 50 mL, 95% CI 26–73 mL; p<0.001). The percentage of patients with at least one critical error in inhalation technique was low in both groups (FF/UMEC/VI 6%; non‐ELLIPTA MITT 3%). Safety profiles, including incidence of pneumonia serious adverse events, were similar between treatments. Conclusions: In a usual clinical care setting, treatment with once‐daily single‐inhaler FF/UMEC/VI resulted in significantly more patients gaining health status improvement and greater lung function improvement versus non‐ELLIPTA MITT.
 Effect of triple therapy with extra-fine BDP/FF/GB pMDI vs non-triple maintenance therapies on severe COPD exacerbations. A pooled analysis of the TRILOGY, TRINITY and TRIBUTE studies;  Introduction: Severe COPD exacerbations requiring hospitalizations or resulting in death clearly impose a serious prognostic and economic impact on patients and healthcare systems who seek to prevent and treat them. Aims and Objectives: We evaluated the effect of triple therapy with extra‐fine beclomethasone dipropionate/formoterol fumarate/glycopyrronium bromide (BDP/FF/GB) pressurized metered dose inhaler (pMDI) on reducing the severe COPD exacerbation rate compared to non‐triple (non‐TT) including non‐ICS‐containing maintenance inhalation therapies. Methods: Analysis of pooled data from 3 phase III multinational, randomized, parallel group trials comparing 52 weeks treatment with BDP/FF/GB 100/6/12.5 μ g 2 inhalations bid to BDP/FF (TRILOGY), tiotropium (TRINITY) and indacaterol/glycopyrronium (TRIBUTE) in symptomatic patients on prior non‐TT with severe or very severe COPD and history of moderate or severe exacerbation in the past year. Results: 445 patients experienced 535 severe exacerbations and were considered in this analysis. 202 received BDP/FF/GB, 243 received non‐TT (BDP/FF, TIO, IND/GLY), and of those, 168 received non‐ICS‐containing therapies (TIO, IND/GLY). The adjusted rate ratio of severe exacerbation with BDP/FF/GB was 0.769 (95%CI: 0.632, 0.936, p=0.009) vs non‐TT and 0.745 (95%CI: 0.592, 0.937, p=0.012) vs non‐ICS‐containing therapies. Conclusions: Treatment with extra‐fine BDP/FF/GB pMDI effectively reduced the rate of severe COPD exacerbations vs non‐triple (by 23.1%) and non‐ICS containing (by 25.5%) therapies in symptomatic patients.
 Effect of triple therapy with extra-fine BDP/FF/GB pMDI vs non-triple maintenance therapies on severe COPD exacerbations. A pooled analysis of the TRILOGY, TRINITY and TRIBUTE studies;  Introduction/Aim: Severe COPD exacerbations requiring hospitalizations or resulting in death clearly impose a serious prognostic and economic impact on patients and healthcare systems who seek to prevent and treat them. We evaluated the effect of triple therapy with extra‐fine beclomethasone dipropionate/formoterol fumarate/glycopyrronium bromide (BDP/FF/GB) pressurized metered dose inhaler (pMDI) on reducing the severe COPD exacerbation rate compared to non‐triple (non‐TT) including non‐ICS‐containing maintenance inhalation therapies. Methods: Analysis of pooled data from 3 phase III multinational, randomized, parallel group trials comparing 52 weeks treatment with BDP/FF/GB 100/6/12.5 μg 2 inhalations bid to BDP/FF (TRILOGY), tiotropium (TRINITY) and indacaterol/glycopyrronium (TRIBUTE) in symptomatic patients on prior non‐TT with severe or very severe COPD and history of moderate or severe exacerbation in the past year. Results: 445 patients experienced 535 severe exacerbations and were considered in this analysis. 202 received BDP/FF/GB, 243 received non‐TT (BDP/FF, TIO, IND/GLY), and of those, 168 received non‐ICS‐containing therapies (TIO, IND/GLY). The adjusted rate ratio of severe exacerbation with BDP/FF/GB was 0.769 (95%CI: 0.632, 0.936, p=0.009) vs non‐TT and 0.745 (95%CI: 0.592, 0.937, p=0.012) vs non‐ICS‐containing therapies. Conclusion: Treatment with extra‐fine BDP/FF/GB pMDI effectively reduced the rate of severe COPD exacerbations vs non‐triple (by 23.1%) and non‐ICS containing (by 25.5%) therapies in symptomatic patients.
 Late-breaking abstract: is blood eosinophil count a predictor of response to bronchodilators in COPD?;  Background: It has been reported that a blood eosinophil count of ≥2% identifies those COPD patients who benefit from ICS in terms of reduction of exacerbations (Bafadhel M et al, AJRCCM 2012;186:48‐55). Objective: To determine if an eosinophil count of ≥2% is a marker for greater responsiveness to bronchodilator treatment with umeclidinium (UMEC), vilanterol (VI) or UMEC/VI in COPD. Methods: We investigated the effect of UMEC, VI and UMEC/VI compared with placebo on FEV1, SGRQ and transitional dyspnoea index (TDI) in patients whose eosinophil counts were recorded at baseline. A total of 4,713 patients from four 6‐month studies were included (DB2113360 [NCT01316900]; DB2113374 [NCT01316913]; DB2113361 [NCT01313637]; DB2113373 [NCT01313650]) of whom 36% had an eosinophil count of ≥2%. Analysis was performed using a repeated measures model including terms for treatment, day, eosinophil subgroup (≥2%, <2%) and their interactions. Results: For trough FEV1 (mean of 23h and 24h post‐dose) at the 6‐month time point, patients with an eosinophil count of ≥2% had mean differences from placebo of 205mL for UMEC/VI 62.5/25mcg, 130mL for UMEC 62.5mcg and 100mL for VI 25mcg. Patients with an eosinophil count of <2% had mean differences from placebo of 197mL for UMEC/VI 62.5/25mcg, 139mL for UMEC 62.5mcg and 100mL for VI 25mcg. A similar lack of difference for patients with eosinophil counts ≥2% or <2% was seen for FEV1 at other time points and for SGRQ and TDI endpoints. Conclusion: Response to treatment in terms of health‐related quality of life, bronchodilator response or dyspnoea for UMEC, VI or UMEC/VI in COPD was similar for patients with eosinophil counts ≥2% or <2% at baseline.
 SERETIDE Plus Tiotropium Versus Individual Components;  A randomised, double‐blind, double dummy, 3 way cross‐over study evaluating the effects of SERETIDE™ 50/500mcg twice daily plus tiotropium bromide 18mcg once daily compared with the individual treatments (tiotropium bromide 18mcg alone and SERETIDE 50/500mcg alone) in the treatment of subjects with COPD
 DEMOGRAPHIC AND CLINICAL CHARACTERISTICS OF PATIENTS EXPERIENCING ON-TREATMENT EXACERBATIONS, ON-TREATMENT DEATH, OR PREMATURE STUDY TREATMENT WITHDRAWAL: THE IMPACT TRIAL;  SESSION TITLE: Obstructive Lung Disease Posters SESSION TYPE: Original Investigation Posters PRESENTED ON: October 18‐21, 2020 PURPOSE: Determine if there were any differences in baseline characteristics between patients in the IMPACT trial who experienced on‐treatment exacerbation, on‐treatment death or prematurely discontinued study treatment and those who did not. METHODS: IMPACT was a Phase 3, randomized, double‐blind 52‐week trial comparing once‐daily fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) 100/62.5/25µg with FF/VI 100/25µg and UMEC/VI 62.5/25µg. Eligible patients (aged ≥40 years) required symptomatic COPD (COPD Assessment Test score ≥10), a forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) <50% predicted and ≥1 moderate or severe exacerbation in the prior year or a FEV1 50–<80% predicted and ≥2 moderate or ≥1 severe exacerbations in the prior year. Primary endpoint was annual rate of moderate (requiring antibiotics and/or oral/systemic corticosteroids) or severe (leading to hospitalization or death) exacerbations. These post hoc descriptive summaries display baseline characteristics of patients treated with FF/UMEC/VI who had ≥2 moderate or ≥1 severe on‐treatment exacerbations, an on‐treatment death or prematurely discontinued study treatment due to lack of efficacy (exacerbation/death/withdrawal group) compared with those who continued in the study without these events...
 Free triple combination of glycopyrronium, indacaterol and ICS improves lung function and dyspnoea versus free double combination of indacaterol and ICS in patients with COPD: a post-hoc analysis from the GLOW6 study;  Introduction The GLOW6 study reported rapid onset and sustained bronchodilation with co‐administration of indacaterol (IND) and glycopyrronium (GLY) compared to IND alone in patients (pts) with COPD.1 In this post‐hoc analysis, we compared the effect of free combination use of GLY+IND+ICS vs IND+ICS on lung function and dyspnoea in a sub‐group of pts using ICS during the study. Methods The 12‐week, multicentre, double‐blind, parallel group GLOW6 study randomised 449 symptomatic pts with moderate‐to‐severe COPD to GLY+IND or IND alone. 132 (29.4%) pts had ≥1exacerbations in the year prior to randomisation. 280 (62.6%) pts were on stable dose of ICS at baseline and were allowed to continue ICS during the study. We analysed this subgroup comparing free combination GLY+IND+ICS vs IND+ICS for improvements in trough FEV1, FEV1 area under the curve from 0 to 4h (AUC0‐4h), and transition dyspnoea index (TDI). Results Of the 280 pts, 138 were on GLY+IND+ICS and 142 on IND+ICS. Compared to free combination of IND+ICS, free combination of GLY+IND+ICS significantly improved trough FEV1 (mean treatment difference [MTD] 64ml; p=0.021) at Wk12, FEV1 AUC0‐4h on Day1 (MTD 111ml; p<0.001) and at Wk12 (MTD 118ml; p<0.001) and dyspnoea in terms of TDI score (MTD 0.7; p=0.041). Conclusion Over 12 wks, the free triple combination (GLY+IND+ICS) showed significantly better improvements in lung function and dyspnoea compared to the free double combination (IND+ICS) in symptomatic pts with moderate‐to‐severe COPD.
 Comparison of the acute effect of tiotropium versus a combination therapy with single inhaler budesonide/formoterol on the degree of resting pulmonary hyperinflation;  In 20 COPD patients (FEV(1) < or =65% predicted, IC<80% predicted), we evaluated changes in the degree of pulmonary hyperinflation after acute administration of tiotropium 18 microg or budesonide/formoterol 320/9 microg. The study consisted of a screening visit and two study days separated by at least one week. Functional parameters were measured before and 30, and 120 min after inhalation of single study drug. Both tiotropium and budesonide/formoterol induced significant changes in functional parameters after 30 and 120 min. However, the impact of tiotropium on the degree of pulmonary hyperinflation was larger than that of budesonide/formoterol, although only differences in IC and TGV between the two treatments were significant (P<0.05), at least after 120 min, whereas those in RV were not significant. The documentation that tiotropium is able to modify IC even after an acute administration indicates its capacity of influencing expiratory flow limitation in a very fast manner and this is an important finding. In fact, changes in IC after bronchodilators in patients with COPD with expiratory flow limitation at rest may represent an objective tool for prescribing these drugs to attain symptomatic improvement and better quality of life, even in the absence of a significant increase in FEV(1).
 Metronome-paced hyperventilation, CT measurements and exercise to investigate dynamic hyperinflation contrasting tiotropium versus indacaterol treatment in moderate COPD patients;  Background: Measurements of inspiratory capacity (IC) and quantitative computed tomography (QCT) after metronome‐paced hyperventilation (MPH) have been used to detect dynamic hyperinflation (DH) in COPD patients. Aims: Compare the effects of tiotropium versus indacaterol on DH evaluated by different methods (IC and QCT after MPH, and IC after exercise) and on exercise performance in moderate COPD. Methods: patients were randomized to receive tiotropium 5μg (n=7) or indacaterol 150μg (n=7) during 3 wks. Measurements were performed at baseline (after 1 wk wash‐out) and post treatment: firstly, spirometry and QCT before and after MPH (respiratory rate twice the baseline rate for 30s); two hours later, high intensity constant cycling exercise test (80% of peak work during incremental exercise) with serial measurements of IC. Results: Patients presented the baseline features: 58.9±10.3yr; FEV :67±8%;TLC:110±12; FRC:124±21; and RV:122±37 %pred). Tiotropium improved exercise tolerance significantly more than indacaterol (481±436 to 568±506s vs 429±279 to 397±283s; p=0.042). As a physiological substrate, tiotropium showed a tendency to reduce DH induced by MPH (p=0.09) and exercise (p=0.19) compared to indacaterol. On the other hand, QCT did not change significantly before and after any bronchodilator. Conclusions: In patients with moderate COPD, serial measurements of IC during MPH and exercise tended to be sensitive to detect different reductions in DH after a specific treatment to justify improvement in exercise performance. On the other hand, QCT were insensitive to detect DH and irresponsive to BD treatment.
 Persistent blood eosinophilia and COPD exacerbation risk after ICS withdrawal from triple therapy in the SUNSET study;  Rationale: The role of blood eosinophilia as biomarker for the evaluation of exacerbation risk after direct ICS withdrawal from triple therapy has not been evaluated in nonfrequently exacerbating COPD patients. Methods: SUNSET, a 26‐week randomised trial, assessed ICS withdrawal from long‐term triple therapy to indacaterol/glycopyrronium 110/50 μg od or continuation of triple therapy (tiotropium 18 μg od + salmeterol/fluticasone propionate 50/500 μg bid) in 1053 non‐frequently exacerbating patients with moderate to severe COPD. Moderate/severe exacerbations were predefined secondary endpoints and blood eosinophils were measured at screening and baseline (randomisation) 4 weeks apart. Results: Annualised rates of moderate/severe COPD exacerbations did not differ between treatments in the overall population (rate ratio 1.08; 95%CI 0.83‐1.40). Only the minority of patients (16%) with consistently high blood eosinophils (≥300 cells/μL) at screening and randomisation had a strong trend for higher annualised rates of exacerbations and decreased time to first exacerbation during follow‐up (Table). (Table presented) Conclusions: The direct ICS withdrawal from triple therapy may lead to increased risk of moderate/severe exacerbations in patients with consistently high blood eosinophils at both screening and baseline. Patients without eosinophilia or with intermittent eosinophilia did not present increased exacerbation risk.
 Comparison of Dry-Powder Inhaler and Pressurized Metered-Dose Inhaler Formulations of Extrafine Beclomethasone Dipropionate/Formoterol Fumarate/Glycopyrronium in Patients with COPD: the TRI-D Randomized Controlled Trial;  Background: Three 52‐week studies in COPD have assessed the efficacy and safety of single‐inhaler extrafine formulation triple therapy combining beclomethasone dipropionate (BDP), formoterol fumarate (FF) and glycopyrronium (G) delivered via pressurized metered‐dose inhaler (pMDI). BDP/FF/G is now being developed for delivery via multi‐dose dry‐powder inhaler (DPI; NEXThaler). This study aimed to demonstrate non‐inferiority of BDP/ FF/G DPI vs pMDI for lung function. Methods: Multicenter, randomized, double‐blind, double‐dummy, active‐controlled, three‐way cross‐over study in patients with COPD and post‐bronchodilator forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) 30–80% predicted. Patients received BDP/FF/G 100/6/10µg via DPI and pMDI, and BDP/FF 100/6µg via pMDI, all two inhalations twice daily for four weeks, with treatments separated by two‐week washout. The two co‐primary objectives were to demonstrate non‐inferiority between the two BDP/FF/G formulations for FEV1 area under the curve between 0 and 12 hours post‐dose (AUC0‐12h) normalized by time and trough FEV1 at 24 hours, both on Day 28. EudraCT 2017–004405‐41. Results: Of 449 patients screened, 366 were randomized, with 342 (93.4%) completing all three treatment periods. The primary objectives were met, with changes from baseline in FEV1 AUC0–12h and trough FEV1 on Day 28 similar for the two BDP/FF/G formulations, and the confidence intervals for the difference lying entirely within the pre‐specified non‐inferiority criterion (–50mL): –20 (–35, –6) mL and 3 (–15, 20) mL for AUC0–12h and trough FEV1, respectively. BDP/FF/G pMDI and DPI were statistically superior to BDP/FF for these endpoints (p<0.001). A similar proportion of patients experienced adverse events with each treatment (15.5%, 18.7% and 15.4% with BDP/FF/G DPI and pMDI, and BDP/FF, respectively); the majority were mild or moderate, with few related to treatment. Conclusion: Extrafine BDP/FF/G DPI and pMDI demonstrated similar efficacy and safety in patients with COPD, supporting the DPI formulation as a valid alternative.
 Informing the pathway of COPD treatment (the impact study): single inhaler triple therapy (FF/ UMEC/VI) versus FF/VI in patients with COPD-cost-effectiveness in the UK;  Introduction and objectives The IMPACT trial (NCT02164513) showed superior exacerbation reduction and lung function improvement with once‐daily single inhaler triple therapy, fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) 100/ 62.5/22 mg, compared with once‐daily FF/VI 100/22 mg, for patients with symptomatic COPD and a history of exacerbations. An economic model was developed to assess the costeffectiveness of FF/UMEC/VI vs FF/VI from a UK NHS perspective, using results from IMPACT. Methods The model combined a decision‐tree for the trial period, with longer‐term outcomes extrapolated via a Markov model with health states reflecting COPD severity and exacerbation history. Disease progression and exacerbation rates were determined by risk equations based on the 3 year Towards a Revolution in COPD Health study (TORCH, NCT00268216). The model was populated with baseline characteristics, efficacy and medication use from IMPACT, while healthcare resource use and utility estimates came from the literature. Medication and healthcare resource use were costed using UK drug prices and unit costs (2018 £). Results are for a lifetime horizon with costs and health outcomes (except life‐years) discounted at 3.5%. Results Treatment with FF/UMEC/VI, compared with FF/VI, resulted in fewer moderate and severe exacerbations (6.460 and 1.501 vs 6.686 and 1.528), more life‐years (8.874 vs 8.577) increased quality‐adjusted life years (QALYs, 6.565 vs 6.291) and higher total costs (£24 843 vs £23,549). Patients receiving FF/UMEC/VI gained an additional 0.275 QALYs for an additional cost of £1,294, compared to those receiving FF/ VI, to give an incremental cost‐effectiveness ratio (ICER) of £4712 per QALY gained. In deterministic sensitivity/scenario analyses, ICERs ranged from dominant to £7502 per QALY gained, with results most sensitive to drug acquisition costs, utility associated with moderate COPD, duration of treatment effect and time horizon. In probabilistic sensitivity analysis, the probability of FF/UMEC/VI being cost‐effective vs FF/VI was 95% at a willingness‐to‐pay threshold of £20 000 per QALY. Conclusions Treatment with FF/UMEC/VI was predicted to improve health outcomes and to be a cost‐effective option for patients with symptomatic COPD and a history of exacerbations, when compared with FF/VI, in the UK. Funding GSK (study number HO‐17‐17596). ICON Health Economics received funding from GSK to conduct the study only.
 Effects of extrafine single inhaler triple therapy on lung function in COPD patients: results from responder analysis from the trinity study;  Rationale: The efficacy and safety of extrafine triple therapy has recently been shown in the TRINITY trial (Vestbo et al. ERJ 2016; 48: Suppl. 60. OA1972). In this study we demonstrated that treatment with a fixed combination of an ICS/LABA/LAMA in a single inhaler was superior to the LAMA Tiotropium in improving lung function as well as in reducing moderate/severe exacerbations in COPD patients. Treatment effects on lung function are usually analysed by group means, but this does not provide information on individual responses. A responder analysis is intended to capture a magnitude of effect that is deemed to be clinically relevant. Therefore, in the TRINITY trial we identified FEV1 responders for each treatment using various thresholds to define improvements that could be clinically meaningful. Methods: This was a 52‐week, randomised, double‐blind, active‐controlled study where 2961 patients with severe to very severe COPD, history of exacerbations, and CAT total score ≥10 were randomised (2:2:1) to an extrafine fixed triple combination of beclometasone dipropionate, formoterol fumarate, and glycopyrronium bromide (BDP/FF/GB; 100/6/12.5 μg, two actuations BID via pMDI; fixed triple), Tiotropium alone (18μg one inhalation OD via DPI) or BDP/FF (100/6 μg, two actuations BID via pMDI; Foster®) + tiotropium: loose triple ) We evaluated FEV1 responders at week 26 and 52 using different thresholds for the definition of responder (50, 70, 100 and 120 mL). Results: The percentage of patients classified as FEV1 responders was statistically significantly greater with fixed and loose triple than with tiotropium at weeks 26 and 52 regardless of the threshold used to define the response (p<0.001 for all analyses). At week 26 the proportion of responders ranged from 48.0% (fixed triple) and 48.1% (loose triple) when considering the 50 mL threshold to 36.7% (fixed triple) and 34.8% (loose triple) when considering the highest threshold of 120 mL. Results were similar at week 52, confirming the persistence of the effect. In comparison, the percentage of responders with tiotropium ranged from approximately one third at the threshold of 50 mL (35.7% and 34.8%, at Weeks 26 and 52 respectively) down to approximately one quarter with the 120 mL threshold (25.3% and 24.8%, respectively). Conclusions: These results further demonstrate a consistent and clinically‐relevant effect of extrafine fixed triple therapy on lung function by individual responder analysis, especially FEV1 in severe to very severe COPD patients compared to an approved treatment with tiotropium alone.
 The effect of exacerbation history on outcomes in the IMPACT trial;  IMPACT, a 52‐week, randomised, double‐blind trial, assessed the efficacy and safety of fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) triple therapy versus FF/VI or UMEC/VI in patients with symptomatic COPD and a history of exacerbations.Subgroup analyses assessed whether the efficacy of FF/UMEC/VI versus FF/VI or UMEC/VI and UMEC/VI versus FF/VI varies according to prior exacerbation history, and the combined effects of exacerbation history and blood eosinophil counts. Three subgroups were defined: single moderate (1 moderate/no severe; n=3056 (30%)), frequent moderate (≥2 moderate/no severe; n=4628 (45%)) and severe (≥1 severe/any moderate; n=2671 (26%)). End‐points included annual on‐treatment moderate/severe exacerbation rate (pre‐specified), lung function and health status (both post‐hoc).Moderate/severe exacerbation rates (reduction % (95% CI)) were reduced in the FF/UMEC/VI group versus FF/VI (single moderate 20% (10‐29), frequent moderate 11% (2‐19), severe 17% (7‐26)) and versus UMEC/VI (single moderate 18% (5‐29), frequent moderate 29% (21‐37), severe 26% (14‐35)). Moderate/severe exacerbation rates were reduced in the FF/VI group versus UMEC/VI in the frequent moderate subgroup; a numerical reduction was observed in the severe subgroup (single moderate 2% (‐12‐18), frequent moderate 21% (11‐29), severe 11% (‐3‐22)). Moderate/severe exacerbation rates were lower in the FF/VI group compared with UMEC/VI in patients with higher eosinophil counts. FF/UMEC/VI improved lung function and health status versus both dual therapies irrespective of exacerbation subgroup. UMEC/VI improved lung function versus FF/VI in all subgroups.Triple therapy was more effective than dual regardless of exacerbation history, consistent with results in the intent‐to‐treat population. Comparisons between dual therapies were influenced by prior exacerbation history and eosinophil counts.
 The IMPACT Study - Single Inhaler Triple Therapy (FF/UMEC/VI) Versus FF/VI And UMEC/VI In Patients With COPD: efficacy And Safety In A Japanese Population;  PURPOSE: The Informing the Pathway of COPD Treatment (IMPACT) study demonstrated that single‐inhaler triple therapy fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) reduces moderate/severe exacerbation rates and improves lung function and health status versus FF/VI or UMEC/VI dual therapy in patients with symptomatic COPD and a history of exacerbations. This analysis evaluated the efficacy and safety of FF/UMEC/VI in patients enrolled in Japan. PATIENTS AND METHODS: IMPACT was a 52‐week, randomized, double‐blind, multicenter study comparing FF/UMEC/VI 100/62.5/25 µg with FF/VI 100/25 µg or UMEC/VI 62.5/25 µg in patients ≥40 years with symptomatic COPD and ≥1 moderate/severe exacerbation in the previous year. Endpoints included annual rate of on‐treatment moderate/severe exacerbations (primary endpoint), time‐to‐first on‐treatment moderate/severe exacerbation and change from baseline at Week 52 in trough FEV1, post‐bronchodilator FEV1, St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire, and COPD Assessment Test score. Safety was also assessed. RESULTS: The Japan subgroup accounted for only 4% (378/10,355) of the overall IMPACT intent‐to‐treat (ITT) population. In the Japan subgroup, FF/UMEC/VI reduced the annual rate of on‐treatment moderate/severe exacerbations by 15% (95% CI: ‐20, 40) versus FF/VI (compared with 15% [10, 20] in the ITT) and 36% (95% CI: 6, 57) versus UMEC/VI (compared with 25% [19, 30] in the ITT). FF/UMEC/VI reduced moderate/severe exacerbation risk (time‐to‐first), improved lung function and health status at Week 52 versus both dual therapies. These results were in the same direction and of a generally similar magnitude to those seen in the overall ITT population. No new safety signals were identified in the Japan subgroup compared with the ITT population. Pneumonia incidence was higher with FF/UMEC/VI and FF/VI versus UMEC/VI. CONCLUSION: These results highlight the favorable benefit‐risk profile of FF/UMEC/VI single‐inhaler triple therapy compared with FF/VI or UMEC/VI dual therapy in patients in Japan with symptomatic COPD and ≥1 exacerbation in the prior year.
 Evaluating multiple eosinophil measurements when stepping up to ICS/LAMA/LABA triple therapy in patients with COPD: a post-hoc analysis of ETHOS;  Background: A step up from LAMA/LABA dual therapy to ICS/LAMA/LABA triple therapy is recommended in patients with ongoing COPD exacerbations and a blood eosinophil count (EOS) ≥100 cells/mm . EOS may fluctuate over time. Aim: To determine EOS cut‐offs for initiating triple therapy. Methods: ETHOS (NCT02465567) was a randomized 52‐week study in patients with ≥1 moderate/severe COPD exacerbation in the past year; EOS was measured at baseline and at several other visits. Maximum‐, minimum‐ and median‐based methods to evaluate EOS were compared to a baseline measure for predicting ICS response, as assessed by exacerbation rates in the budesonide/glycopyrronium/formoterol fumarate dihydrate 320/14.4/10 μg BID and glycopyrronium/formoterol fumarate dihydrate 14.4/10 μg BID study arms. Results: Baseline EOS (Figure A), maximum EOS (Figure B) and median EOS (Figure C) were discriminatory for predicting ICS response; minimum EOS provided lesser utility in identifying ICS responders (Figure D). Maximum EOS suggests that a single high value (>250 cells/mm2) identifies ICS responders. Conclusions: Baseline EOS, maximum EOS and median EOS were able to predict ICS responders. Maximum EOS may provide an additional method to identify patients who may benefit from ICS, although this is not necessarily of greater value than using the baseline EOS measure. (Figure Presented).
 Risk of exacerbation and pneumonia with single inhaler triple versus dual therapy in impact;  Background To determine overall benefit‐risk, we examined the effect of single inhaler fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/ vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) versus UMEC/VI and FF/VI on the composite outcome of acute exacerbation of COPD or pneumonia in the IMPACT study (NCT02164513, CTT116855), a 52 week, randomized, multicentre study in patients with symptomatic COPD and a history of exacerbations Methods We defined two composite outcomes: time to first moderate (required antibiotics and/or oral/systemic corticosteroids)/ severe (required hospitalisation) exacerbation or pneumonia; and time to first severe exacerbation/hospitalised pneumonia. Analyses were based on a proportional hazards model. Results Moderate/severe exacerbations occurred in 47% of patients randomized to FF/UMEC/VI, 49% in those randomized to FF/VI and 50% in those randomized to UMEC/VI. Pneumonias occurred in 8%, 7%, and 5% of patients in these groups, respectively. FF/UMEC/VI reduced the risk of first moderate/severe exacerbation or pneumonia vs FF/VI by 13.2% (95%CI 7.8%‐18.3%; p<0.001) and vs UMEC/VI by 13.1% (95%CI 6.3%‐19.3%; p<0.001) as determined by a time to first analysis. There was no difference in the risk of a moderate/severe exacerbation or pneumonia between FF/VI and UMEC/VI. FF/UMEC/VI reduced the risk of a severe exacerbation or hospitalized pneumonia vs UMEC/VI by 16.9% (95%CI 4.2%‐27.8%, p=0.011) as determined by a time to first analysis. There was no statistically significant difference in the risk of a severe exacerbation or hospitalized pneumonia between FF/UMEC/VI and FF/VI or between FF/ VI and UMEC/VI. Conclusion These composite exacerbation/pneumonia outcomes support a favourable benefit‐risk profile of once‐daily FF/ UMEC/VI compared with FF/VI and UMEC/VI in patients with moderate to severe COPD and a history of exacerbations.
 COPD assessment test (CAT) score is associated with risk of future exacerbation: an analysis from the IMPACT trial;  Rationale: To assess the relationship between baseline health status according to CAT score and risk of exacerbations in the IMPACT trial population. Methods: IMPACT was a 52‐week, randomized, double‐blind, multicenter study comparing the efficacy and safety of fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) 100/62.5/25μ g with FF/VI 100/25μ g and UMEC/VI 62.5/25μ g in patients ≥40 years old with symptomatic COPD and a history of exacerbations (N=10,355). The primary endpoint was the annual rate of on‐treatment moderate/severe exacerbations with FF/UMEC/VI vs FF/VI and UMEC/VI. Other endpoints included annual rate of on‐treatment moderate and on‐treatment severe exacerbations. Analyses were conducted by baseline CAT score (<20 and ≥ 20) and are reported here. Results: The annual rates of exacerbations for FF/UMEC/VI, FF/VI, UMEC/VI and the percentage rate reductions with FF/UMEC/VI vs FF/VI and UMEC/VI are reported in Table 1. The annual rates of moderate/severe, moderate (post‐hoc), and severe (post‐hoc) exacerbations were higher for patients with CAT ≥ 20 compared to CAT < 20 in all treatment groups. Statistically significant reductions in annual rate of moderate/severe and moderate exacerbations were demonstrated for FF/UMEC/VI vs FF/VI and UMEC/VI in both patients with CAT ≥ 20 and CAT < 20. Reductions in annual rate of severe exacerbations were demonstrated for FF/UMEC/VI vs UMEC/VI and FF/UMEC/VI vs FF/VI in patients with CAT ≥ 20 and CAT < 20 respectively. Conclusions: We demonstrate that subjects with lower health status at baseline, as measured by CAT score (> 20), experienced a higher rate of exacerbations than those with less severe disease impact (CAT <20). While a higher CAT score was associated with higher exacerbation frequency, a statistically significant benefit of mod/severe and moderate exacerbation reduction was seen with FF/UMEC/VI vs FF/VI and UMEC/VI in groups with both lower and higher CAT scores. For severe exacerbations across both subgroups with lower and higher CAT scores, a statistically significant reduction was demonstrated with FF/UMEC/VI vs UMEC/VI and a numerical reduction was demonstrated with FF/UMEC/VI vs FF/VI. These results are consistent with the ITT population and underscore the importance of the relationship between health status and exacerbation risk.
 Deterioration of Nighttime Respiratory Mechanics in COPD: impact of Bronchodilator Therapy;  BACKGROUND: COPD is associated with nighttime respiratory symptoms, poor sleep quality, and increased risk of nocturnal death. Overnight deterioration of inspiratory capacity (IC) and FEV1 have been documented previously. However, the precise nature of this deterioration and mechanisms by which evening bronchodilation may mitigate this occurrence have not been studied. RESEARCH QUESTION: What is the effect of evening dosing of dual, long‐acting bronchodilation on detailed nocturnal respiratory mechanics and inspiratory neural drive (IND)? STUDY DESIGN AND METHODS: A double‐blind, randomized, placebo‐controlled crossover study assessed the effects of evening long‐acting bronchodilation (aclidinium bromide/formoterol fumarate dihydrate: 400/12 μg) or placebo on morning trough IC (12 h after the dose; primary outcome) and serial overnight measurements of spirometry, dynamic respiratory mechanics, and IND (secondary outcomes). Twenty participants with COPD (moderate/severe airway obstruction and lung hyperinflation) underwent serial measurements of IC, spirometry, breathing pattern, esophageal and transdiaphragmatic pressures, and diaphragm electromyography (diaphragmatic electromyography as a percentage of maximum; IND) at 6 time points from 0 to 12 h after the dose and compared with sleeping IND. RESULTS: Compared with placebo, evening bronchodilation was not associated with increased morning trough IC 12 h after the dose (P = .48); however, nadir IC (lowest IC, independent of time), peak IC, area under the curve for 12 h after the dose, and IC for 10 h after the dose were improved (P < .05). During placebo, total airways resistance, lung hyperinflation, IND, and tidal esophageal and transdiaphragmatic pressure swings all increased significantly overnight compared with baseline evening values; however, each of these parameters improved with bronchodilator treatment (P < .05) with no change in ventilation or breathing pattern. INTERPRETATION: Respiratory mechanics significantly deteriorated at night during placebo. Although the morning trough IC was unchanged, evening bronchodilator treatment was associated consistently with sustained overnight improvements in dynamic respiratory mechanics and inspiratory neural drive compared with placebo CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov identifier NCT02429765.
 FF/UMEC/VI versus FF/VI and UMEC/VI in the ellipta device in patients with COPD: subgroup analyses from the impact trial;  Aim: Assess type of inhaled therapy on exacerbation (exac) rates in IMPACT population subgroups defined by sex, age, exac history and cardiovascular (CV) risk. Methods: IMPACT was a 52‐week randomized, double‐blind study in patients ≥40 years with symptomatic COPD and ≥1 exacerbation in the prior 12 months. The primary endpoint was annual rate of on‐treatment moderate/severe exac (mod/sev exac) comparing fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) 100/62.5/25μg vs FF/VI and UMEC/VI. Subgroups of sex, age, exac history and CV risk (0/1/≥2 risk factors) are reported for the primary endpoint. Results: 10,355 patients were in the ITT population (FF/UMEC/VI, n=4151; FF/VI, n=4134; UMEC/VI, n=2070). In male and female patients, respectively, % reduction in exac rate with FF/UMEC/VI vs FF/VI was 14% and 17% (both p<0.001), and 24% and 26% vs UMEC/VI (both p<0.001). In patients aged ≤64, 65‐74 and ≥75 years, respectively, the reduction with FF/UMEC/VI vs FF/VI was 8% (p=0.072), 22% (p<0.001) and 19% (p=0.021), and 17% (p=0.001), 33% (p<0.001) and 25% (p=0.009) vs UMEC/VI. In patients with <2 and ≥2 exac in the previous 12 months, respectively, the reduction with FF/UMEC/VI vs FF/VI was 21% (p<0.001) and 11% (p=0.009), and 20% and 28% (both p<0.001) vs UMEC/VI. In patients with 0, 1 or ≥2 CV risk factors, respectively, reduction with FF/UMEC/VI vs FF/VI was 13% (p=0.014), 15% (p=0.008) and 17% (p<0.001), and 26%, 30% and 21% (all p<0.001) vs UMEC/VI. Conclusions: FF/UMEC/VI reduced the rate of mod/sev exac in patients with symptomatic COPD at risk of exac, compared with FF/VI or UMEC/VI, irrespective of age, exacerbation history and CV risk subgroup.
 The effect of exacerbation history on outcomes in the IMPACT trial;  IMPACT, a 52‐week, randomised, double‐blind trial, assessed the efficacy and safety of fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) triple therapy versus FF/VI or UMEC/VI in patients with symptomatic COPD and a history of exacerbations. Subgroup analyses assessed whether the efficacy of FF/UMEC/VI versus FF/VI or UMEC/VI and UMEC/VI versus FF/VI varies according to prior exacerbation history, and the combined effects of exacerbation history and blood eosinophil counts. Three subgroups were defined: single moderate (1 moderate/no severe; n=3056 (30%)), frequent moderate (≽2 moderate/no severe; n=4628 (45%)) and severe (≽1 severe/any moderate; n=2671 (26%)). End‐points included annual on‐treatment moderate/ severe exacerbation rate (pre‐specified), lung function and health status (both post‐hoc). Moderate/severe exacerbation rates (reduction % (95% CI)) were reduced in the FF/UMEC/VI group versus FF/VI (single moderate 20% (10–29), frequent moderate 11% (2–19), severe 17% (7–26)) and versus UMEC/VI (single moderate 18% (5–29), frequent moderate 29% (21–37), severe 26% (14–35)). Moderate/ severe exacerbation rates were reduced in the FF/VI group versus UMEC/VI in the frequent moderate subgroup; a numerical reduction was observed in the severe subgroup (single moderate 2% (−12–18), frequent moderate 21% (11–29), severe 11% (−3–22)). Moderate/severe exacerbation rates were lower in the FF/VI group compared with UMEC/VI in patients with higher eosinophil counts. FF/UMEC/VI improved lung function and health status versus both dual therapies irrespective of exacerbation subgroup. UMEC/VI improved lung function versus FF/VI in all subgroups. Triple therapy was more effective than dual regardless of exacerbation history, consistent with results in the intent‐to‐treat population. Comparisons between dual therapies were influenced by prior exacerbation history and eosinophil counts.
 Efficacy of Glycopyrronium added to Budesonide/Formoterol in patients with Asthma-COPD overlap syndrome;  INTERVENTION: Patients with ACOS treated by Budesonide/Formoterol 640 micro g/18micri g/day. Glycopyrronium 50 micro g/day is administered 4 weeks in patients with ACOS treated by Budesonide/Formoterol 640 micro g/18micri g/day. CONDITION: patients with Asthma‐COPD overlap syndrom PRIMARY OUTCOME: Improvement of respiratory functions (FEV1, FVC) after 4 week treatment SECONDARY OUTCOME: Improvement of respiratory symptoms after 4 week treatment INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients with stable asthma COPD overlap syndrome
 Impact of baseline symptoms and health status on COPD exacerbations in the FLAME study;  Background: COPD is a heterogeneous disease and patients may respond differently to therapies depending on baseline symptom burden. Methods: This post‐hoc analysis from the 52‐week FLAME study investigated the impact of baseline symptom burden in terms of health status, dyspnoea, bronchitis status, eosinophil levels and smoking status on the subsequent risk of moderate or severe exacerbations. Health status was measured by St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) score (higher ≥46.6 and lower < 46.6) and COPD Assessment Test (CAT) score (higher ≥17 and lower < 17); dyspnoea and bronchitis were assessed via an electronic diary (eDiary). Differential response to once‐daily indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY) 110/50 μg versus twice‐daily salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC) 50/500 μg was assessed. Results: Data from 3354 patients was analysed. The risk of exacerbations was lower in patients who had less severe health impairment (rate ratio [RR] [95% CI]): SGRQ‐C, (0.88 [0.78, 0.99]); CAT, 0.85 [0.75, 0.96]) and lower dyspnoea (0.79 [0.69, 0.90]) at baseline versus those with more severe health impairment and higher dyspnoea, respectively. Compared with SFC, IND/GLY led to better prevention of moderate‐to‐severe exacerbations in the majority of groups studied. Conclusion: Patients with more severe health status impairment and greater symptom burden at baseline subsequently experienced more exacerbations in the FLAME study. IND/GLY was overall more effective in preventing exacerbations versus SFC, regardless of baseline symptom burden. Our results suggest that future studies on novel exacerbation therapies should consider targeting patients with higher symptom burden at baseline. Clinical trial identifier: NCT01782326.
 Pharmacokinetics, absolute bioavailability and lung bioavailability of extrafine inhaled glycopyrronium bromide pMDI in healthy volunteers;  Background: CHF 5259 (glycopyrronium bromide, GB) is an extrafine inhaled long‐acting muscarinic antagonist formulated as HFA solution delivered via a metered dose inhaler (pMDI), and developed as part of a triple fixed dose combination with extrafine beclomethasone dipropionate plus formoterol (Foster®) for the treatment of COPD. The aim of this study was to evaluate the pharmacokinetics (PK), the absolute bioavailability and the lung bioavailability of CHF 5259 pMDI in comparison with intravenous (i.v.) injection of GB in healthy volunteers (Robinul®). Methods: All subjects received a single 100 μg intravenous injection of GB and a single 100 μg inhaled extrafine dose of CHF 5259 pMDI with and without oral charcoal ingestion in a randomized open‐label, single‐dose, 3‐way cross‐over study. The oral charcoal allowed for isolating the pulmonary bioavailability by preventing the gastrointestinal adsorbing of the oropharyngeal deposited drug. During each treatment period, the PK profile of GB in plasma and its urine excretion were evaluated over 24 hours post‐dose as well as its safety profile. Results: Twenty subjects with mean (range) age 27 (19‐44) years and mean BMI 24.3 (19.229.7) kg/m2 were randomised. Thirteen subjects (65%) were male, 18 (90%) Caucasian. After inhalation, CHF 5259 pMDI was rapidly absorbed showing a peak concentration at 5 min post‐dose. CHF 5259 pMDI PK parameters reflecting lung absorption (Cmax and AUC0‐30min) were similar with or without charcoal block. The overall systemic exposure was slightly decreased using the charcoal block, being the without/with charcoal ratio point estimates 124% (90% CI 104‐149) for AUC0t and 123 (90% CI 99‐153) for AUC024h, suggesting limited gastrointestinal absorption of CHF 5259 pMDI. Relative to the i.v. dose, the absolute GB bioavailability was 12.8% based on the inhalation without charcoal block, while the lung bioavailability was 10.5% based on the inhalation with charcoal. Urinary GB excretion profile was similar following both inhalation treatments with about 50% of the amount excreted within 4 h post dose. Similar renal clearance (CLr) was observed after both inhalation and i.v. injection treatments. No SAEs occurred during this study. No clinically significant event on ECG or abnormal vital signs values were observed. Conclusion: After inhalation of extrafine CHF 5259 pMDI, the GB absolute bioavailability (12.8% without charcoal) and lung bioavailability (10.5% with charcoal) were similar, suggesting very limited absorption by gastrointestinal route of the swallowed portion of inhaled GB. Similar CLr values were found after all three treatments. The administered treatments were safe and well‐tolerated.
 COMPARISON BETWEEN UMEC/VI AND FF/VI BASED ON BASELINE FEV1 REVERSIBILITY: SUB-ANALYSIS FROM THE IMPACT TRIAL;  SESSION TITLE: Monday Electronic Posters 5 SESSION TYPE: Original Inv Poster Discussion PRESENTED ON: 10/21/2019 02:30 PM ‐ 03:15 PM PURPOSE: Analysis of treatment differences between a LAMA/LABA (UMEC/VI) vs an ICS/LABA (FF/VI) on exacerbations, lung function and health status based on patient’s baseline reversibility status, from the IMPACT (InforMing the PAthway of COPD Treatment) trial. METHODS: IMPACT was a 52 week, randomized, double‐blind, parallel group, multicenter study (N=10,355) comparing efficacy and safety of once daily single inhaler triple therapy fluticasone furoate (FF)/umeclidinium (UMEC)/vilanterol (VI) 100/62.5/25μg with FF/VI 100/25μg and UMEC/VI 62.5/25μg in symptomatic patients with ≥1 COPD exacerbation in the past year despite maintenance treatment. This sub‐analysis compared UMEC/VI and FF/VI based on baseline bronchodilator reversibility (defined as an increase in FEV₁ of ≥12% and ≥200ml after administration of albuterol). Pre‐specified analysis was the annual rate of moderate/severe exacerbations. Post‐hoc analyses included time to first (TTF) moderate/severe exacerbations, annual rate of severe exacerbations, trough FEV₁, SGRQ Total Score at week 52, and safety. The trial was not powered to analyse between‐treatment differences in the outcomes by these groups. RESULTS: In the FF/VI group (n=4134), 3323 (80%) were not reversible (NR) and 810 (20%) were reversible. In the UMEC/VI group (n=2070), 1702 (82%) were NR and 366 (18%) were R. In the R group, UMEC/VI demonstrated a higher annual rate of moderate/severe exacerbations vs FF/VI (RR (rate ratio) = 1.42; 95% CI 1.19, 1.69). No treatment difference was shown in the NR group (RR=1.08; 95% CI 0.99, 1.17). TTF exacerbation was not significantly different between treatments in the R and NR groups. UMEC/VI demonstrated a statistically significant higher annual rate of severe exacerbations vs FF/VI in the R group (RR=2.11, 95% CI 1.37, 3.23,) but not in the NR group (RR=1.20, 95% CI 0.99, 1.45). At 52 weeks, UMEC/VI improved Trough FEV₁ vs FF/VI in both the R (treatment difference 70 ml; 95% CI 30, 110) and NR (treatment difference 39 ml; 95% CI 23, 55) groups. Both treatments improved the SGRQ Total Score at week 52 with no statistical difference within the R and NR groups. Adverse events were similar between groups except for incidence of pneumonia with FF/VI, 7% (both N & NR) and UMEC/VI, 4% in R and 5% in NR groups. CONCLUSIONS: In symptomatic COPD patients with exacerbations in the past year, the majority of subjects enrolled met the definition of “not reversible” which is consistent with a typical COPD population. FF/VI reduced exacerbation rates vs UMEC/VI in the reversible group, but not in the not‐reversible group. UMEC/VI significantly improved lung function vs FF/VI regardless of reversibility. Adverse events were consistent with the ITT findings. CLINICAL IMPLICATIONS: Bronchodilator reversibility may help determine appropriate therapy in COPD patients. Funding: GSK (NCT02164513; study CTT116855) DISCLOSURES: Employee relationship with Glaxosmithkline Please note: >$100000 Added 03/14/2019 by Isabelle BOUCOT, source=Web Response, value=Salary Employee relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: >$100000 Added 03/14/2019 by Isabelle BOUCOT, source=Web Response, value=Shares Removed 03/14/2019 by Isabelle BOUCOT, source=Web Response Employee relationship with Glaxosmithkline Please note: >$100000 Added 03/14/2019 by Isabelle BOUCOT, source=Web Response, value=Shares Employee relationship with GSK Please note: $1‐$1000 Added 03/12/2019 by Erin Drew, source=Web Response, value=Salary Stock/share holder relationship with GSK Please note: $1‐$1000 Added 03/12/2019 by Erin Drew, source=Web Response, value=Stocks/shares No relevant relationships by Gregory Feldman, source=Web Response Consultant relationship with GSK Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 03/13/2019 by MeiLan Han, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Consultant relationship with BI Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 03/13/2019 by MeiLan Han, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Consultant relationship with AZ Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 03/13/2019 by MeiLan Han, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Research support relationship with Novartis Please note: >$100000 Added 03/13/2019 by MeiLan Han, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Research Support relationship with Sunovion Please note: >$100000 Added 03/13/2019 by MeiLan Han, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Employee relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: >$100000 Added 03/13/2019 by Christine Elaine Jones, source=Web Response, value=Salary My spouse/partner as a Employee relationship with Sandoz/Novartis Please note: >$100000 Added 03/13/2019 by Christine Elaine Jones, source=Web Response, value=Salary Consultant relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 03/18/2019 by Ravi Kalhan, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 03/18/2019 by Ravi Kalhan, source=Web Response, value=Royalty Consultant relationship with Boehringer Ingelheim Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 03/18/2019 by Ravi Kalhan, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Consultant relationship with AstraZeneca Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 03/18/2019 by Ravi Kalhan, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Consultant relationship with Boston Scientific Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 03/18/2019 by Ravi Kalhan, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Employee relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 03/13/2019 by Sally Kilbride, source=Web Response, value=Salary Employee relationship with GSK Please note: >$100000 Added 03/13/2019 by David Lipson, source=Web Response, value=Salary Employee relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: >$100000 Added 03/11/2019 by Riju Ray, source=Web Response, value=Salary Research Funding relationship with West‐Ward Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 03/13/2019 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Research Funding relationship with Theravance Biopharma Please note: >$100000 Added 03/13/2019 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Research Funding relationship with GSK Please note: >$100000 Added 03/13/2019 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Research Funding relationship with Pearl Please note: >$100000 Added 03/13/2019 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Research Funding relationship with Chiesi Please note: >$100000 Added 03/13/2019 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Research Funding relationship with AZ Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 03/13/2019 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Research Funding relationship with Novartis Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 03/13/2019 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Research Funding relationship with Forest Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 03/13/2019 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Research Funding relationship with Proterix Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 03/13/2019 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Research Funding relationship with Seer Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 03/13/2019 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Research Funding relationship with Vapotherm Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 03/13/2019 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Advisory Committee Member relationship with AstraZeneca Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 03/12/2019 by Robert Wise, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Advisory Committee Member relationship with AstraZeneca Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 03/12/2019 by Robert Wise, source=Web Response, value=Travel Consultant relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 03/12/2019 by Robert Wise, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Removed 03/12/2019 by Robert Wise, source=Web Response Advisory Committee Member relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 03/11/2019 by Robert Wise, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Advisory Committee Member relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 03/12/2019 by Robert Wise, source=Web Response, value=Travel Advisory Committee Member relationship with Boehringer‐Ingelheim Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 03/12/2019 by Robert Wise, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Advisory Committee Member relationship with Sunovion Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 03/11/2019 by Robert Wise, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Advisory Committee Member relationship with Sunovion Please note: $1‐$1000 Added 03/12/2019 by Robert Wise, source=Web Response, value=Travel Advisory Committee Member relationship with Mylan/Theravance Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 03/11/2019 by Robert Wise, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Advisory Committee Member relationship with Mylan/Theravance Please note: $1‐$1000 Added 03/12/2019 by Robert Wise, source=Web Response, value=Travel Consultant relationship with Contrafect Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 03/11/2019 by Robert Wise, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Consultant relationship with Contrafect Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 03/12/2019 by Robert Wise, source=Web Response, value=Travel Grant/Research Support Recipient relationship with Pearl Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 03/11/2019 by Robert Wise, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Consultant relationship with Merck Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 03/11/2019 by Robert Wise, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Consultant relationship with Merck Please note: $1‐$1000 Added 03/12/2019 by Robert Wise, source=Web Response, value=Travel Consultant relationship with Verona Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 03/11/2019 by Robert Wise, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Consultant relationship with Verona Please note: $1‐$1000 Added 03/12/2019 by Robert Wise, source=Web Response, value=Travel Advisory Committee Member relationship with Novartis Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 03/11/2019 by Robert Wise, source=Web Response, value=Travel Consultant relationship with AbbVie Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 03/11/2019 by Robert Wise, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Consultant relationship with Kiniksa Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 03/11/2019 by Robert Wise, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Consultant relationship with Syneos Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 03/12/2019 by Robert Wise, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Advisory Committee Member relationship with Regeneron Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 03/11/2019 by Robert Wise, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Advisory Committee Member relationship with Regeneron Please note: $1‐$1000 Added 03/12/2019 by Robert Wise, source=Web Response, value=Travel Grant Recipient relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 03/12/2019 by Robert Wise, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support
 Risk of Exacerbation and Pneumonia with Single Inhaler Triple versus Dual Therapie in IMPACT;  The abstract will be presented as an ENCORE by Dr. Christina Hermsen on behalf of the authors with their permissions. It was presented at ERS 2018 in Paris. Advertorial Background To determine overall benefit‐risk, we examined the effect of single inhaler fluticasone furoate/umeclidinium/vilanterol (FF/UMEC/VI) versus UMEC/VI and FF/VI on the composite outcome of acute exacerbation of COPD or pneumonia in the IMPACT study (NCT02164513, CTT116855), a 52‐week, randomized, multicentre study in patients with symptomatic COPD and a history of exacerbations Methods We defined two composite outcomes: time to first moderate (required antibiotics and/or oral/systemic corticosteroids)/severe (required hospitalisation) exacerbation or pneumonia; and time to first severe exacerbation/hospitalised pneumonia. Analyses were based on a proportional hazards model. Results Moderate/severe exacerbations occurred in 47% of patients randomized to FF/UMEC/VI, 49% in those randomized to FF/VI and 50% in those randomized to UMEC/VI. Pneumonias occurred in 8%, 7%, and 5% of patients in these groups, respectively. FF/UMEC/VI reduced the risk of first moderate/severe exacerbation or pneumonia vs. FF/VI by 13.2% (95%CI 7.8 ‐ 18.3%; p < 0.001) and vs. UMEC/VI by 13.1% (95%CI 6.3 ‐ 19.3%; p < 0.001) as determined by a time to first analysis. There was no difference in the risk of a moderate/severe exacerbation or pneumonia between FF/VI and UMEC/VI. FF/UMEC/VI reduced the risk of a severe exacerbation or hospitalized pneumonia vs. UMEC/VI by 16.9% (95%CI 4.2 ‐27.8%, p = 0.011) as determined by a time to first analysis. There was no statistically significant difference in the risk of a severe exacerbation or hospitalized pneumonia between FF/UMEC/VI and FF/VI or between FF/VI and UMEC/VI. Conclusion These composite exacerbation/pneumonia outcomes support a favourable benefit‐risk profile of once‐daily FF/UMEC/VI compared with FF/VI and UMEC/VI in patients with moderate to severe COPD and a history of exacerbations.
 Risk of pneumonia and exacerbations with single inhaler extrafinetriple therapy compared to indacaterol/glycopyrronium: post-hoc analysis of the TRIBUTE Study;  Background and Objectives: the use of ICS‐containing medications is recognized to be associated with an increased risk of pneumonia. With this post‐hoc analysis of the TRIBUTE study, our objective was to evaluate the risk/benefit balance of extrafine BDP/FF/G vs IND/GLY by comparing the incidence of pneumonia and exacerbation events. Methods: 1532 COPD patients aged ≥40 years, with FEV1<50% of the predicted normal value, ≥1 moderate/severe COPD exacerbation in the previous year, CAT score ≥10 were randomized in a 1:1 ratio to either BDP/FF/G or IND/GLY. COPD exacerbation was defined according to GOLD criteria. A plot presenting the study day versus the cumulative number of events was generated. Results: In the BDP/FF/G group the number of recorded events was 433 exacerbations and 32 pneumonias whereas in the IND/GLY group there were 485 exacerbations and 29. Overall, treatment with BDP/FF/G reduced exacerbations by 52 events compared to IND/GLY (adjusted rate ratio: 0.848 95% CI: 0.723 to 0.995, p=0.043) but, importantly, the rate of pneumonia was comparable with a similar incidence in the two groups. 18 serious events of pneumonia were reported in each groups and no fatal pneumonias occurred regardless of the treatment. Conclusions: This analysis shows that the superior clinical benefit of single inhaler triple therapy with extrafine BDP/FF/G in reducing exacerbations compared to IND/GLY is not associated with an increased risk of pneumonia.
 Lung function and treatment patterns of symptomatic patients with moderate COPD in the CRYSTAL study;  Background: Differences in treatment patterns in symptomatic COPD patients with moderate airflow limitation have been shown in real‐life studies. Methods: CRYSTAL is a prospective multicenter randomized pragmatic clinical trial addressing the efficacy and safety of the direct switch from previous therapy to glycopyrronium or indacaterol/glycopyrronium fixed dose combination over 12 weeks in non‐exacerbating symptomatic patients (mMRC≥1) with FEV1 50‐80% pred. We report baseline lung function and COPD treatment of patients recruited in the first year in the CRYSTAL study. Results: 3183 patients were recruited, of which 39.3% had mMRC≥2. Patients with mMRC≥2 were more often female and had lower FEV1 values. Most commonly used treatments in this population were LAMA, LABA and LABA/ICS (Table). LABA/ICS were more commonly used in patients with mMRC≥2, whereas LAMA in those with mMRC=1. Conclusion: In the clinical practice population of the CRYSTAL trial, differences in COPD treatments were observed between less and more symptomatic patients. Approximately 1 out of 4 of these non‐ exacerbating patients with moderate airflow limitation were on ICS, in contrast to guidelines. (Table Presented).
 Exacerbation benefit by blood eosinophil counts withbudesonide/glycopyrronium/formoterol metered dose inhaler (BGF MDI) at two ICS doselevels in the ETHOS trial: a subgroup analysis;  Background: For patients who experience COPD exacerbations on LAMA/LABA, GOLD recommends step‐up toICS/LAMA/LABA triple therapy for those with blood eosinophil counts (EOS) ≥ 100 cells/mm . In the 52‐week ETHOS trial(NCT02465567), triple therapy with BGF MDI at two ICS dose levels reduced the rate of moderate/severe COPDexacerbations vs. dual therapies. Objective: To assess exacerbation rates in patients with EOS < 100 and ≥ 100 cells/mm in ETHOS. Methods: Patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD and ≥ 1 moderate/severe exacerbation in the prior year wererandomised to BGF MDI 320/14.4/10 μg or 160/14.4/10 μg, glycopyrronium/formoterol (GFF) MDI 14.4/10 μg orbudesonide/formoterol (BFF) MDI 320/10 μg (all treatments administered twice‐daily in a single Aerosphere inhaler). Results: In the modified ITT population (n = 8509), 82.6% of patients had EOS ≥ 100. In these patients, both doses of BGFMDI reduced moderate/severe exacerbations vs. GFF MDI (by 28‐29%, both p < 0.0001) and BFF MDI (by 11‐12%, both p < 0.03; Table). In patients with EOS < 100, both BGF MDI doses reduced exacerbations vs. BFF MDI (p < 0.04) but not vs.GFF MDI. Conclusions: BGF MDI reduced exacerbations vs. GFF MDI and BFF MDI in patients with EOS ≥ 100 but only vs. BFF MDIin EOS < 100, suggesting this cut‐off may be a useful guide for step‐up from LAMA/LABA to triple therapy.
 Paradoxical trough effects of triple therapy with budesonide/formoterol and tiotropium bromide on pulmonary function outcomes in COPD;  BACKGROUND: Lowest receptor occupancy for a drug occurs at trough prior to the next dose. Previous studies have focused on the effects of triple therapy at peak dose intervals using forced expiratory maneuvers. Impulse oscillometry (IOS) and body plethysmography (PLETH) are more sensitive than spirometry to assess inhaled therapies in COPD. METHODS: Nineteen patients with COPD (FEV(1)/FVC ratio < 0.7; FEV(1) < 60%) completed a double‐blind randomized crossover trial of tiotropium 18 microg/d or placebo for 2 weeks each, with a 1‐week washout. Prior to this procedure, there was a nonrandomized 4 week run‐in of budesonide/formoterol 200/6 2 puffs bid, which continued throughout the study. Spirometry, IOS, and PLETH were performed both before pre‐ and post‐budesonide/formoterol run‐in and at trough following the first and last dose of tiotropium (ie, 24 h posttiotropium and 12 h post‐budesonide/formoterol). RESULTS: Mean +/‐ SEM for age and FEV(1) were 65 +/‐ 2 years and 42 +/‐ 2%, respectively. Following initial budesonide/formoterol, there were no significant changes in spirometry; however, all measures of IOS and PLETH deteriorated (P < .01 for all outcomes). Compared with placebo, tiotropium was additive to budesonide/formoterol after single and chronic dosing measured by FEV(1) (P < .001 and P = .014, respectively) and forced expiratory flow, midexpiratory phase (P = .001; P= .026), whereas specific airway resistance, reactance, resonant frequency, and area under the reactance curve showed additive benefits at a single dose only. CONCLUSIONS: Budesonide/formoterol caused an unexpected worsening of IOS and PLETH outcomes compared with a washed‐out baseline in the nonplacebo‐controlled run‐in. This finding was not observed with spirometry. Subsequent addition of tiotropium improved lung function with all techniques after a single dose and for spirometry after chronic dosing. These paradoxical findings may reflect beta2‐adrenoceptor downregulation and muscarinic 3 receptor cross talk. Placebo‐controlled studies are required to explore this result.
 The additional effect of the respiratory rehabilitation to the COPD patient who did additional medical treatment of budesonide / formoterol at tiotropium;  INTERVENTION: BUD/folmoterol ,Respiratory rehabilitation CONDITION: COPD PRIMARY OUTCOME: Exercise tolerability by 6‐minute walk distance ; The amount of body activities by an active mass meter SECONDARY OUTCOME: Respiratory function; Condition score (CAT) INCLUSION CRITERIA: (a) An outpatient aged 40 and over in the age at the time of agreement acquisition (b) The patient who has the condition of COPD and will have a smoking history equivalent to 10 or more pack year of patients (c) currently diagnosed as COPD from two years or more before (d) He is a ten or more CAT questionnaires patient at Visit1.
 Investigation of a digital health solution providing real-time inhaler technique guidance;  INTERVENTION: The main aim of the study is to establish whether the use of the Clip‐Tone System (CTS) improves and maintain inhaler technique in asthmatic patients over a 6‐month period compared with those receiving “usual care” alone. Other aims include: 1. To assess the use of the CTS in asthmatic patients (> 16 years) and its effects on asthma control and unscheduled clinical visits over a period of 6‐months 2. To develop an understanding of how patients use CTS in a real‐world setting 3. To develop an understanding of what frequency of use of CTS is desirable The Clip‐Tone System technology consists of two parts: 1. Clip‐Tone ‐ a small plastic retrofit device available in two variants (developed and manufactured by commercial partner Clement Clarke International; both CE marked, Class I medical devices available on prescription from May 2021) 1.1. Clip‐Tone E fits GSK manufactured Evohalers (Ventolin, Flixotide, Seretide brands) 1.2. Clip‐Tone F fits Chiesi manufactured inhalers (Fostair, Trimbow, Clenil brands) 2. Clip‐Tone Buddy app ‐ class I medical device accessory (CE marked), available on Apple and Google app stores. Both parts of the system are independently protected by patents (granted and pending) ‐ a collaboration agreement is in place clearly delineating background and foreground IP ownership. We will carry out a randomised controlled study comparing inhaler technique in those using Clip‐Tone System (CTS) with standard care (the “usual care” group) over a 6 month period. Potential recruits will attend a baseline visit where formal content to participate will be taken and elig CONDITION: Asthma ; Respiratory PRIMARY OUTCOME: Inhaler technique measured using an inhaler technique checklist (based on UK Inhaler Group standards) at baseline, 1 month, 3 months, and 6 months SECONDARY OUTCOME: ; 1. Asthma control measured using the validated Asthma Control Questionnaire (ACQ) at baseline, 1 month, 3 months, and 6 months.; 2. Frequency and pattern of use of the Clip‐Tone System measured using usage data within the app at baseline, 1 month, 3 months, and 6 months.; 3. Data on unscheduled healthcare visits measured through self‐reported questionnaires at baseline, 1 month, 3 months, and 6 months.; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Provision of signed and dated informed consent 2. Willingness to comply with the study procedures and confirmed availability for the study duration 3. Aged =16 years 4. Self‐reported asthma diagnosis and currently receiving treatment 5. Regularly prescribed one of the following brands of inhaler and has been using it for at least 1‐month prior to enrolment: 5.1. Fostair pMDI (100 mcg Beclometasone/ 6 mcg Formoterol per dose; 200 mcg Beclometasone/ 6mcg Formoterol per dose); Chiesi Ltd 5.2. Clenil Modulite pMDI (50 mcg, 100 mcg, 200 mcg or 250 mcg Beclometasone per dose); Chiesi Ltd 5.3. Trimbow pMDI (87 mcg Beclometasone, 5 mcg Formoterol, 9 mcg Glycopyrronium per dose); Chiesi Ltd 5.4. Seretide Evohaler pMDI (50 mcg Fluticasone/Salmeterol 25 mcg per dose; 125 mcg Fluticasone/Salmeterol 25 mcg per dose; 250 mcg Fluticasone/ Salmeterol 25 mcg per dose); GSK UK Ltd 5.5. Flixotide Evohaler pMDI (
 Early occurrence of any COPD exacerbation predicts further higher risk of moderate/severe exacerbations regardless of recording tool: the FLAME study;  Introduction: FLAME study evaluated COPD exacerbations as primary endpoint. We assessed the annualised rate of moderate/severe exacerbations in patients (pts) with or without mild/moderate/severe or EXACT exacerbations in first 12 weeks (wks) of FLAME study. Methods: FLAME study recorded exacerbations using e‐diary in all pts and EXACT‐PRO tool (subset; n=453) over 52 wk randomised treatment with indacaterol/glycopyrronium or salmeterol/fluticasone. The annualised rate of moderate/severe exacerbations was compared in pts having 0 or ≥1 exacerbations in first 12 wks. Results: In pts with any exacerbations recorded in e‐diary in the first 12 wks, rate of moderate/severe exacerbations was significantly higher in remaining 40 wks. A similar trend was observed in pts with EXACT‐PRO exacerbations in first 12 wks, although this was not statistically significant (Table). Responder/E‐RS responder (decrease of ≥0.6unit in total and ≥2units in E‐RS symptom scores) status in first 12 wks had no significant impact on rate of moderate/severe exacerbations. Conclusion: The rate of moderate/severe exacerbations was higher in pts with any exacerbation during first 12 wks treatment period regardless of recording tool. These data support the fact that any prior exacerbation is a strong predictor for future moderate/severe exacerbation. (Figure Presented).
 Benefits of adding fluticasone propionate/salmeterol to tiotropium in moderate to severe COPD;  BACKGROUND: Combining maintenance medications with different mechanisms of action may improve outcomes in COPD. In this study we evaluated the efficacy and safety of fluticasone/salmeterol (FSC) (250/50 mcg twice daily) when added to tiotropium (18 mcg once daily) (TIO) in subjects with symptomatic moderate to severe COPD. METHODS: This was a 24‐week, randomized, double‐blind, parallel group, multi‐center study. Subjects 40 years or older with cigarette smoking history ≥10 pack‐years and with the diagnosis of COPD and post‐bronchodilator FEV(1) ≥40 to ≤ 80% of predicted normal and FEV(1)/FVC of ≤0.70 were enrolled. Following a 4‐week treatment with open‐label TIO 18 mcg once daily, subjects were randomized in a double‐blind fashion to either the addition of FSC 250/50 DISKUS twice daily or matching placebo. The primary efficacy endpoint was AM pre‐dose FEV(1) and secondary endpoints included other measures of lung function, rescue albuterol use, health status and exacerbations. RESULTS: The addition of FSC to TIO significantly improved lung function indices including AM pre‐dose FEV(1), 2 h post‐dose FEV(1), AM pre‐dose FVC, 2 h post‐dose FVC and AM pre‐dose IC compared with TIO alone. Furthermore, this combination was superior to TIO alone in reducing rescue albuterol use. However, there were no significant differences between the treatment groups in health status or COPD exacerbations. The incidence of adverse events was similar in both groups. CONCLUSIONS: The addition of FSC to subjects with COPD treated with TIO significantly improves lung function without increasing the risk of adverse events. NCT00784550.
 Effects of a fixed dose once-daily triple drug combination in smokers and non-smokers with COPD;  GOLD 2016 strategy document suggests that the use of triple therapy improves lung function and quality of life and may further reduce exacerbations in patients with COPD compared to the mono or dual therapy. The fixed dose combination of Tiotropium/Formoterol/Ciclesonide [TFC; Triohale®] is the only triple therapy available for the treatment of COPD. We assessed the real world effectiveness and safety of once‐daily TFC (18/12/400 mcg) via DPI or MDI in patients with COPD. This 24 Wk, open‐label, prospective, non‐comparative, multicentre, real world study enrolled patients with COPD requiring triple drug therapy as assessed by physician. The primary endpoint was mean change from baseline in pre‐dose FEV1 at Wk 24. Pre and post dose (30 mins) FEV1 , FVC, CAT score, and safety were also evaluated. Post‐ hoc analysis was done to evaluate the effects of TFC in smokers (S) and non‐smokers (NS) with COPD. Of 297 patients enrolled [mean age 61.40 yrs; 84.84% males; 55.22% smokers and post dose FEV1% predicted 36.4±15.19], 267 completed the study. Mean change in pre‐dose FEV1 from baseline to Wk 24 was significant (+0.58±0.6L, 95% CI (0.51, 0.65), p<0.0001). TFC significantly increased pre‐dose FEV1 in S (mean change +0.20±0.43L, 95%CI (0.13, 0.27), p<0.0001) and NS (0.99± 0.47L, 95%CI (0.53, 0.68), p<0.0001) at Wk 24. At Wk 24, CAT score reduced significantly from baseline (Overall: 6.6±6.09; S: 4.53± 7.17; NS: 8.06 ±4.44; all p<0.0001). Mean change in, pre and post dose FEV1 and FVC, and CAT score were significant across all visits. TFC was well tolerated. TFC (Triohale) significantly improved lung function and symptoms in patients with COPD, independent of their smoking history.
 How Does the Efficacy and Safety of Triple Inhaled Therapy at 2 Glucocorticoid Doses Compare with 2 Dual Therapies in Moderate-to-Very-Severe COPD?;  Synopsis: This 52‐week, phase 3, randomized, double‐blind, parallel‐group trial compared the efficacy and safety of twice‐daily inhaled triple therapy with budesonide at 2 different doses (160 and 320‐μg) plus a LAMA (18‐μg of glycopyrrolate) and a LABA (9.6‐μg of formoterol) in comparison with either glycopyrrolate‐formoterol (18 and 9.6‐μg) or budesonide‐formoterol (320 and 9.6‐μg) in patients with moderate‐to‐very‐severe COPD with at least 1 exacerbation in the past year. Similar to previous trials, there was a significant reduction in the annual rate of moderate‐to‐severe exacerbations and improved patient‐reported outcomes with triple therapy at both doses of budesonide in comparison to either dual therapy of LAMA‐LABA or inhaled glucocorticoid‐LABA, and lower all‐cause mortality in the 320‐μg budesonide triple‐therapy group in comparison to the LAMA‐LABA dual therapy group.Source: Rabe KF, Martinez FJ, Ferguson GT, et al. Triple inhaled therapy at two glucocorticoid doses in moderate‐to‐very‐severe COPD. N Engl J Med. 2020;383:35‐48.
 Bronchodilator efficacy of tiotropium-formoterol via single pressurized meter dose inhaler (pMDI) versus tiotropium alone in COPD;  BACKGROUND: Bronchodilators form the main stay of treatment for COPD. When symptoms are not adequately controlled with one bronchodilator, addition of another bronchodilator is recommended. We have recently developed a combination of tiotropium and formoterol in a single pressurized metered dose inhaler (pMDI) (Cipla Ltd., India). The aim of this study was to compare the bronchodilator effects of a single dose of 18 mcg of tiotropium versus a single dose of a combination of 18 mcg tiotropium plus 12 mcg formoterol administered via a pMDI in subjects with moderate‐to‐severe COPD. STUDY DESIGN: 44 COPD subjects were enrolled in this randomized, double‐blind, multi‐centre, cross‐over study. 18 mcg tiotropium and 18 mcg tiotropium plus 12 mcg formoterol were administered via pressurized metered dose inhalers on two separate days. FEV(1), FVC and Inspiratory capacity (IC) were measured before, 15, 30 min, 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 8, 12 and 24 h after the study drugs were administered. RESULTS: Compared with tiotropium alone, a combination of tiotropium plus formoterol showed a faster onset of bronchodilator response (p < 0.01 for FEV(1) and FVC), a greater mean maximum change in FEV(1) (p = 0.01) and FVC (p = 0.008) and greater AUC(0‐24h) values for FEV(1), FVC and IC. Trough FEV(1) and FVC values were also greater in the combination group. CONCLUSION: A combination of tiotropium plus formoterol administered via a single inhaler produced a superior bronchodilator response than tiotropium alone over a period of 24 h.
 Efficacy and safety of once-daily triple drug combination in smokers and non-smokers with COPD: a real world observational study;  Background and Aims: GOLD 2016 strategy document suggests that the use of triple therapy improves lung function and quality of life and may further reduce exacerbations in patients with COPD compared to the mono or dual therapy. We assessed efficacy and safety of once‐daily Tiotropium/ Formoterol/Ciclesonide (TFC) (18/12/400 mcg) via DPI or MDI in patients with COPD in a real world setting. Methods: This 24 weeks, open‐label, prospective, non‐comparative, multi‐centre, real world, observational study enrolled patients with COPD diagnosed as per GOLD 2014 requiring triple drug therapy as assessed by physician. The primary endpoint was mean change from baseline in pre‐dose FEV1 at week 24. FVC, CAT score, mMRC grade, treatment satisfaction and safety were also evaluated. Post‐ hoc analysis was done to evaluate the effects of TFC in smokers (S) and non‐smokers (NS) with COPD. Results: Of 308 screened, 297 enrolled [mean age 61.40 yrs; 84.84% males; 55.22% smokers; post bronchodilator absolute FEV1 0.81 ± 0.37L and FEV1% predicted 36.4 ± 15.19] and 267 completed the study. Mean change in pre‐dose FEV1 from baseline to week 24 was significant (Overall: 0.58 ± 0.6L; S: +0.20 ± 0.43L; NS: 0.99 ± 0.47L; all p < 0.0001) (Figure 1). At week 24, CAT score reduced significantly from baseline (Overall: ‐6.6 ± 6.09; S: ‐4.53 ± 7.17; NS: ‐8.06 ± 4.44; all p < 0.0001) (Figure 2). Mean change in, pre‐dose FEV1 and FVC, CAT score and mMRC grade were significant across all visits. Majority of patients graded high satisfaction for triple therapy and were willing to continue it. TFC was well tolerated. Conclusions: TFC significantly improved lung function and symptoms in patients with COPD and was well tolerated, independent of their smoking history. Moreover, Non‐smokers showed better improvements compared to smokers. (Figure Presented).
 The impact of stepwise withdrawal of ICS on FEV1, mMRC, and SQRQ in severe to very severe COPD patients treated with LAMA+LABA: the wisdom study;  PURPOSE: The WISDOM study demonstrated ICS may be successfully withdrawn in patients receiving LAMA+LABA without significantly increasing COPD exacerbation risk (Chest 2014). We report change in FEV1 and symptoms. METHODS: All patients in the 12‐month, double‐blind, parallel‐group, active‐controlled WISDOM study (NCT00975195) received triple therapy (tiotropium 18 μg QD, salmeterol 50 μg BID, and fluticasone 500 μg BID) for a 6‐week run‐in period. Following this, baseline assessments were made and patients randomized 1:1 to continue triple therapy or stepwise withdrawal of ICS over 12 weeks (dose reduction every 6 weeks). Secondary end points included trough FEV1, mMRC, and SGRQ. RESULTS: 2485 patients were treated (2049 male), with a mean age of 63.8 years and mean FEV1 of 0.98 L (34.2%) at baseline. Adjusted mean decrease from baseline in trough FEV1 was 50 mL with complete ICS withdrawal versus 11 mL with ICS at Week 18 (p<0.0001), with similar results at Week 52 (59 mL versus 16 mL, respectively; p=0.0014). Difference in change from baseline in mMRC was non‐significant for ICS withdrawal compared to ICS at Week 18 (0.029; p=0.3588) and Week 52 (0.064; p=0.0632). Change from baseline in SGRQ total score was 0.55 with ICS withdrawal and ‐0.42 with ICS at Week 27 (p=0.0845), and 1.15 and ‐0.07, respectively, at Week 52 (p=0.0467). CONCLUSIONS: Although exacerbation risk was comparable between ICS withdrawal versus continued ICS therapy in patients with GOLD 3‐4 COPD receiving LAMA+LABA, there was a modest but statistically significantly greater decrease in FEV1 with complete ICS withdrawal, no observable effect on mMRC, and a small but significant effect seen in SGRQ. CLINICAL IMPLICATIONS: Complete withdrawal of ICS was associated with a small but statistically significantly greater decrease from baseline in lung function and variably significant differences in mMRC grade and total SGRQ score compared to continued ICS treatment.
 Effect of Tiotropium Plus Salmeterol vs. Fluticasone/Salmeterol on Static Lung Volumes and Exercise Endurance in COPD;  The primary objective of this study is to demonstrate that treatment with a free combination of tiotropium and salmeterol provides superior improvement in static lung volumes and exercise tolerance compared to a fixed combination of fluticasone and salmeterol in patients with COPD. The secondary objective includes assessment of safety.
 Effect of Yong Chong Cao Capsule on Outcomes in Patients With Mild to Severe COPD;  The aim of this study is to compare the effectiveness of two treatments for mild to severe COPD patients: one, Yong Chong Cao capsule treatment and conventional medicine based on 2017 Global Initiative for Chronic Obstructive Lung Disease (GOLD) and Chinese Treatment Guidelines; the other, Bailing capsule treatment and conventional medicine. COPD, with high prevalence, morbidity, mortality and economic burdens, affects millions worldwide. Although many therapies exist and are being developed to relieve symptoms and reduce mortality in COPD, most have only been studied in placebo‐controlled efficacy studies in highly selected populations. There are few clinical trials to compare therapeutic alternatives in real world. Furthermore, some randomized controlled trials on Yong Chong Cao capsule, one therapeutic type of Cordyceps sinensis in traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) interventions, especially based on the syndrome of insufficiency of qi of the lung and kidney patterns, have been the certain evidence for showing definite effect for COPD patients. In addition, studies in real world populations of COPD that received different cordyceps sinensis therapies that do have efficacy evidence was found wide variations in care delivery. In short, there is a need to compare the effectiveness of two capsule in patients with mild to severe COPD. This is a multi‐center, open‐label, randomized, controlled study to evaluate the effectiveness of Yong Chong Cao capsule for patients with mild to severe COPD compared with Bailing capsule. Following a 14 day run‐in period, approximately 240 subjects will be randomly assigned to Yong Chong Cao capsule treatment group, Bailing capsule treatment group for 24 weeks. After the 24 weeks treatment period, subjects in two treatments arms will follow‐up 24 weeks. The primary outcome measure is the frequency of exacerbations. The secondary efficacy measures include FEV1, dyspnea (MMRC), exercise capacity(6MWD), quality of life (CAT, SGRQ). Safety will be assessed through the collection of adverse events. There will be a total of 4 study visits (baseline, the 12 and 24 weeks of the treatment, the 24 weeks of follow‐up).
 Efficacy and safety of four doses of glycopyrrolate/formoterol fumarate delivered via a metered dose inhaler compared with the monocomponents in patients with moderate-to-severe COPD;  Purpose: To determine the efficacy and safety of glycopyrrolate/formoterol fumarate metered dose inhaler (GFF MDI 36/9.6, 36/7.2, 18/9.6, 9/9.6 µg) using innovative co‐suspension delivery technology, compared with glycopyrrolate (GP) MDI 36 µg and formoterol fumarate (FF) MDI 9.6 µg, in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD. Methods: In this Phase IIb, randomized, double‐blind, balanced incomplete‐block, two‐period, cross‐over study (NCT01349816), patients received treatment twice‐daily for 7 days. The primary efficacy endpoint was forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) area under the curve from 0 to 12 hours (AUC0‐12) on Day 7. Secondary efficacy endpoints were peak change from baseline in FEV1 through 2 hours; time to onset of action (≥10% improvement in mean FEV1); proportion of patients achieving ≥12% improvement in FEV1 on Day 1; peak change from baseline in inspiratory capacity (IC) on Days 1 and 7; change from baseline in morning pre‐dose FEV1; peak change from baseline in FEV1 through 6 hours; and change from baseline in mean evening 12‐hour post‐dose trough FEV1 on Day 7. Safety was assessed. Results: All 185 randomized patients received treatment. All doses of GFF MDI significantly improved the primary endpoint compared with GP MDI 36 µg (all P≤0.0137). For peak change in FEV1 and IC and time to onset of action secondary endpoints, ≥2 doses of GFF MDI demonstrated superiority to GP MDI 36 µg. No significant differences were observed between GFF MDI and FF MDI 9.6 µg for primary and secondary endpoints. The incidence of adverse events was similar between treatments. Conclusion: While all doses of GFF MDI were superior to GP MDI 36 µg for the primary end‐point, in this study neither superiority of GFF MDI to FF MDI 9.6 µg nor a clear dose‐response was observed. All treatments were well tolerated with no unexpected safety findings.
 The clinical study of the budesonide/formoterol combination drug additional dosage in the perioperative period in a lung cancer patient with COPD;  INTERVENTION: Tiotropium 18&amp;#13197; once daily for 13 weeks. Tiotropium 18&amp;#13197; once daily with budesonide / formoterol combination drug 2 inhalation twice a day (morning and night time ) for 13 weeks. CONDITION: Non‐small cell lung cancer patients with COPD. PRIMARY OUTCOME: Exacerbation rate of 12 weeks after the operation. (The extension of hospitalization, the infectious disease or the additional dosage of the antibiotic and administering a systemic steroid and the decrease in the respiratory function; The sum total of each event that falls below the predictive value by 10% or more at the time of 12 of the week of after the operation is divided in the population). INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) Age is full 20 or older‐year patients at the time of agreement acquisition. 2) The patient of a perioperative period whom the examination doctor in charge diagnosed as lung cancer based on lung cancer handling agreement (the 7th edition) 3) The patient whom COPD diagnosis and a treatment guideline machine companion examination doctor in charge diagnosed as COPD 4) The patient who used tiotropium more than four week for COPD treatment. 5)Patients who agreed to participate in the study and signed informed consent form.
 The efficacy and safety of Salmeterol/Fluticasone Propionate 50/500ug BD vs Ipratropium/Albuterol 36/206ug QID in Chinese patients with moderate-to-severe COPD: a 12-week, multicentre, randomized, open-label, active-controlled, paralled-group study;  INTERVENTION: 1:trial group:Salmeterol/Fluticasone Propionate ;2:control group : Ipratropium/Albuterol ; CONDITION: Moderate‐to‐severe COPD PRIMARY OUTCOME: pre‐broncholidator FEV1; SECONDARY OUTCOME: Morning PEF, IC, RV;BODE index;6 hour FEV1 AUC;CC‐16 and SPD protein;Overall daytime symptom score;SGRQ scale score; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Chinese male or female outpatients aged 40 to 79 years; 2. Patients with an established diagnosis of COPD, defined as GOLD guideline: Postbronchodilation FEV1/FVC ratio of <70%, AND Postbronchodilation FEV1% predicted ranged from >=25% to <=70%. 3. a cigarette smoking history of 10 pack‐years; 4. Use of oral theophylline, or any other inhaled medications other than LABA, LAMA, or ICS for 330 days (e.g. SABA, SAMA); 5. Patients who are able to use Accuhaler device and relief medication; 6. Patients willing to give informed consent to participate in the study and comply to study protocol.
 Baseline symptom burden and dual bronchodilator response in the flame study;  Rationale: COPD is a heterogenous disease and patients may respond differently to therapies depending on symptom burden. An evaluation of which patients respond best to dual bronchodilator therapy would facilitate personalised treatment. Methods: The 52‐week FLAME study randomised COPD patients with ≥1 exacerbation in past year to indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY 110/50μg od) or salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC 50/500μg bid) (Wedzicha et al. NEJM 2016). In this post‐hoc analysis, patients were divided in low or high baseline symptom burden using total E‐diary scores, COPD Assessment Test (CAT), and St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) scores, with split at median, based on levels obtained during trial run‐in. Moderate/severe exacerbations were analysed. Results: Patients with low baseline symptom burden had lower exacerbation rates than patients with high baseline symptom burden, as measured by CAT (low vs. high; ratio of rates 0.83, 95%CI 0.74, 0.94) and SGRQ (low vs. high; 0.86, 95%CI 0.76, 0.98), but not E‐diary total score (low vs. high; 0.97, 95%CI 0.81, 1.16) regardless of treatment received. Patients treated with IND/GLY experienced fewer exacerbations regardless of baseline symptom group than those who received SFC (Table). [Figure Presented] Conclusions: Patients with greater symptom burden experience more exacerbations. IND/GLY was more effective in exacerbation prevention than SFC in both high and low baseline symptom groups, measured by SGRQ.
 Early clinically important improvement (ECII) and exacerbation outcomes in the FLAME study;  Rationale: COPD exacerbations are difficult outcomes to measure in clinical trials. It would be valuable to be able to predict which patients are likely to benefit in terms of exacerbation prevention based on their early response in lung function and symptoms. Methods: The 52‐week FLAME study randomised COPD patients with ≥1 exacerbation in past year to indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY 110/50μg od) or salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC 50/500μg bid) (Wedzicha, JA et al. N Engl J Med 2016). ECII was defined at 4 or 12 weeks as achievement of minimal clinically important difference in trough FEV1 (≥100mL increase) AND one patient reported outcome: reduction in e‐Diary score ≥0.6 points; reduction in COPD Assessment Test (CAT) ≥2 points or reduction in Saint George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) ≥4 points. Results: Approximately 18‐21% of patients achieved ECII at weeks 4 or 12 post randomisation according to the different definitions. Patients who achieved ECII experienced lower rates of subsequent exacerbations (Table) and longer time to first exacerbation. More patients achieved ECII with IND/GLY vs. SFC according to the best predictor definition at week 4 (FEV1 and SGRQ, odds ratio 1.69, 95%CI 1.40, 2.04, P<0.001) and week 12 (FEV1 and CAT, odds ratio 1.80, 95%CI 1.48, 2.18, P<0.001). This is an ERS International Congress abstract. No full‐text version is available. Further material to accompany this abstract may be available at www.ers‐education.org (ERS member access only).
 Effect of fluticasone-salmeterol combination+tiotropium vs tiotropium on exercise tolerance, the cause of exercise limitation and lung volumes in COPD;  Rationale: Current guidelines recommend maintenance combination therapy in COPD when the response to a single agent is suboptimal. We sought to determine the effect of triple therapy vs monotherapy on the endpoint of exercise endurance time. Methods: 8‐week, doubled‐blinded, randomized, cross‐over, trial comparing fluticasone‐salmeterol combination 250/50 mcg DISKUS bid (FSC) + tiotropium 18 mcg once daily (TIO) to placebo DISKUS bid + TIO in COPD (FEV1/FVC≤70%). The primary endpoint was exercise endurance time (EET) in the endurance shuttle walk test (ESWT) after 4 weeks of treatment. Secondary endpoints included symptom limitation and lung volumes. Results: 255 subjects (62.7 y/o, FEV1 55% predicted, 45% female, 50% smokers) were enrolled. EET (sec) at end of study: FSC+TIO (n=115): 384.8±23.0, TIO (n=122): 406.9±22.5 (LS mean difference: ‐27.6±20.6; p=0.181). Compared to TIO alone, FSC+TIO improved FEV1 (mL) 2‐hour post‐dose (LS mean difference: 154±34; p<0.001), and resting IC (mL) 2‐hour post‐dose (LS mean difference: 98±38; p=0.01). Dyspnea as the primary cause of exercise limitation was observed to trend lower in the FSC+TIO group (FSC+TIO 68% compared to 77% at baseline, TIO 76% compared to 80% at baseline; p=0.06). Conclusions: The difference in EET between groups was not significant. ESWT at suboptimal workload, study groups exercising at slightly different workloads and/or pharmacologic issues including diminishing effect size of additional therapies may have contributed to this finding. However, FSC+TIO resulted in a trend toward a greater decrease in dyspnea as the cause of exercise limitation, and a significant improvement in resting lung volumes, in COPD compared to TIO over 4 weeks of treatment.
 Measuring respiratory symptoms of COPD: performance of the EXACT- Respiratory Symptoms Tool (E-RS) in three clinical trials;  BACKGROUND: Symptomatic relief is an important treatment goal for patients with COPD. To date, no diary for evaluating respiratory symptoms in clinical trials has been developed and scientifically‐validated according to FDA and EMA guidelines. The EXACT ‐ Respiratory Symptoms (E‐RS) scale is a patient‐reported outcome (PRO) measure designed to address this need. The E‐RS utilizes 11 respiratory symptom items from the existing and validated 14‐item EXACT, which measures symptoms of exacerbation. The E‐RS total score quantifies respiratory symptom severity, and 3 domains assess breathlessness, cough and sputum, and chest symptoms. METHODS: This study examined the performance of the E‐RS in each of 3 controlled trials with common and unique validation variables: one 6‐month (N = 235, US) and two 3‐month (N = 749; N = 597; international). Subjects completed the E‐RS as part of a daily eDiary. Tests of reliability, validity, and responsiveness were conducted in each dataset. RESULTS: In each study, RS‐Total score was internally consistent (Cronbach α) (0.88, 0.92, 0.92) and reproducible (intra‐class correlation) in stable patients (2 days apart: 0.91; 7 days apart: 0.71, 0.74). RS‐Total scores correlated significantly with the following criterion variables (Spearman's rho; p < 0.01, all comparisons listed here): FEV1% predicted (‐0.19, ‐0.14, ‐0.15); St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) (0.65, 0.52, 0.51); Breathlessness, Cough, and Sputum Scale (BCSS) (0.89, 0.89); modified Medical Research Council dyspnoea scale (mMRC) (0.40); rescue medication use (0.43, 0.42); Functional Performance Inventory Short‐Form (FPI‐SF) (0.43); 6‐minute walk distance (6‐MWT) (‐0.30, ‐0.14) and incremental shuttle walk (ISWT) (‐0.18) tests. Correlations between these variables and RS‐Breathlessness, RS‐Cough and Sputum, RS‐Chest Symptoms scores supported subscale validity. RS‐Total, RS‐Breathlessness, and RS‐Chest Symptoms differentiated mMRC levels of breathlessness severity (p < 0.0001). RS‐Total and domain scores differentiated subjects with no rescue medication use and 3 or more puffs (p < 0.0001). Sensitivity to changes in health status (SGRQ), symptoms (BCSS), and exercise capacity (6MWT, ISWT) were also shown and responder definitions using criterion‐ and distribution‐based methods are proposed. CONCLUSIONS: Results suggest the E‐RS is a reliable, valid, and responsive measure of respiratory symptoms of COPD suitable for use in natural history studies and clinical trials. TRIAL REGISTRATION: MPEX: NCT00739648 ; AZ1: NCT00949975 ; AZ 2: NCT01023516.
 Symptoms control and adhErenCe assessment during treatment with mepolizUmab new pREfilled devices. SECURE;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: SPIRIVA 18 microgrammes poudre pour inhalation en gélule,Product Code: PRD299586,Pharmaceutical Form: INHALATION POWDER,Other descriptive name: ,Strength: Tiotropium Bromide Monohydrate 22.5µg,Product Name: Symbicort Turbuhaler 400/12, 400 microgram / 12 microgram per dosis, inhalatiepoeder,Product Code: PRD399363,Pharmaceutical Form: INHALATION POWDER,Other descriptive name: ,Strength: Formoterol Fumarate Dihydrate 9µg, Budesonide 320µg,Product Name: Nucala 100 mg solution for injection in pre‐filled pen,Product Code: PRD7486155,Pharmaceutical Form: SOLUTION FOR INJECTION,Other descriptive name: ,Strength: Mepolizumab 100mg,Product Name: Incruse Ellipta 55 micrograms inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed,Product Code: PRD1598607,Pharmaceutical Form: INHALATION POWDER, PRE‐DISPENSED,Other descriptive name: ,Strength: Umeclidinium Bromide 65µg,Product Name: Revinty Ellipta 92 micrograms/22 micrograms inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed,Product Code: PRD1601205,Pharmaceutical Form: INHALATION POWDER, PRE‐DISPENSED,Other descriptive name: ,Strength: Fluticasone Furoate 92µg, Vilanterol 22µg,Product Name: Trimbow 87 micrograms/5 micrograms/9 micrograms pressurised inhalation, solution,Product Code: PRD5227853,Pharmaceutical Form: PRESSURISED INHALATION, SOLUTION,Other descriptive name: ,Strength: Beclometasone Dipropionate Anhydrous 100µg, Formoterol Fumarate Dihydrate 6µg, Glycopyrronium Bromide 12.5µg,Product Name: Innovair NEXThaler 200 microgrammes/6 microgrammes par dose, poudre pour inhalation.,Product Code: PRD3683899,Pharmaceutical Form: INHALATION POWDER,Other descriptive name: ,Strength: Formoterol Fumarate Dihydrate 6µg / 10mg, Beclometasone Dipropionate Anhydrous 200µg / 10mg,Product Name: TIOTROPIUM VIATRIS 18 microgrammes, poudre pour inhalation en gélul CONDITION: Asthma ; MedDRA version: 20.0Level: PTClassification code: 10003553Term: AsthmaSystem Organ Class: 100000004855 MedDRA version: 20.0Level: PTClassification code: 10003553Term: AsthmaSystem Organ Class: 100000004855 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective:Compare compliance and asthma control after 6 months of treatment by Mepolizumab (M+ 1 after the 6th injection) between: A1 ‐ Group of patients receiving Mepolizumab using a pre‐filled syringe (PFS) administered monthly by a nurse, using a pre‐filled syringe (PFS) B1 ‐ Group of patients receiving self‐administered Mepolizumab monthly, using an auto‐injector pen (AIP) Primary end point(s):Composite endpoint: Treatment compliance using Pharmacy accountability of study treatment and monthly patient diary after 6 months of treatment with Mepolizumab. Patient will be considered as compliant if all treatment doses of period have been used. Proportion of compliant patients will be compared between groups of patients. Proportion of patients with controlled asthma using the ACT score, after a period of 6 months of treatment with Mepolizumab will be compared between groups of patients. Secondary Objective:Compare Asthma control a.between groups A2 and B2 (see study design §4 below for groups description) b.between groups A1 and A2 c.between groups B1 and B2,Mean change in ACT score in each group,Proportion of patients with an ACT score change of at least 4 points in each group,The number of exacerbation of asthma after 6 and 12 months of treatment (between A and B),The number of exacerbation of asthma requiring a visit to the emergency service or hospitalization after 6 and 12 months of treatment (between A and B),The reduction of exacerbation of asthma before and during the 12 months of treatment between A et B,The proportion of patients requiring unscheduled medical consultation for asthma, after 12 months of treatment between A et B,Oral corticosteroids consumption before and after Mepolizumab between group A and B,Treatment compliance between groups A and B,Bronchial inflammation by measurement of FeNO after 6 and 12 months of treatment (between groups A and B),Blood eosinophilia evolution after 6 and 12 months of treatment in each group,Respiratory function measurement after 6 and 12 months of treatment (between A and B),Safety of treatment with Mepolizumab,Patients’ quality of life in each group,Patient satisfaction regarding asthma treatment in each group SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s):10. Carrying out a FeNO at V1, V2 and V3 after 6 and 12 months of Mepolizumab treatment between groups A and B Secondary end point(s):11. Performing a hemogram on peripheral blood to measure eosinophilia evolution at M0, M3, M6, M9 and M12 Secondary end point(s):12. FEV1 measurement, % of theoretical FEV1 value, FEV1 / FVC, VR / CPT at V1, V2 and V3 Secondary end point(s):13. Collection of adverse events related to the study treatment, according to grade 1 to 5. Secondary end point(s):14. Calculation of the AQLQ quality of life score at V1, V2 and V3 Secondary end point(s):15. Patient satisfaction questionnaire SATQ‐F at V1, V2 and V3 and assessment of the preferences of patients in each group with respect to the Mepolizumab administration system at V1, V2 and V3 Secondary end point(s):2. Comparison of the mean change in ACT score from baseline between groups: A1 vs B1, A2 vs B2, A1 vs A2, B1 vs B2, and A vs B Secondary end point(s):3. Comparison of the proportion of patients with a change in ACT score of at least 4 points from baseline between groups: A1 vs B1, A2 vs B2, A1 vs A2, B1 vs B2, and A vs B Secondary end point(s):4. Comparison of the proportion of patients with an exacerbation of asthma during the 12 months of treatment (between groups A and B) Secondary end point(s):5. Comparison of the proportion of patients with an exacerbation of asthma requiring an emergency service visit or hospitalization during the 12 months of treatment (between groups A and B) Secondary end point(s):6. Comparison of the proportion of patients with an exacerbation of asthma during the 12 months of treatment with Mepolizumab versus the proportion of patients with an exacerbation of asthma during the 12 months prior to treatment with Mepolizumab Secondary end point(s):7. The proportion of patients requiring unscheduled medical consultation for asthma during the 12 months of treatment (between groups A and B) Secondary end point(s):8. Cumulative dose of oral corticosteroids before and after 12 months of treatment with Mepolizumab (exacerbation treatment excluded) between group A and B Secondary end point(s):9. Treatment compliance using the MARS‐5 questionnaire administered after 6 and 12 months of treatment with Mepolizumab. The MARS‐5 score will be compared between both groups of patients. Secondary end point(s):Proportion of patients with asthma control assessed by the ACT score between: group receiving Mepolizumab self‐administered, using PFS and group receiving M. self‐administered using an AI from 6 months to 12 months (between groups A2 and B2); M. administered by a PFS by a nurse for first 6 months & self‐administered by a PFS for the following 6 months between groups A1 and A2; M. self‐administered by an AI during first 6 months &self‐administered by an AI the 6 months between groups B1 and B2 INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patient aged = 18 years,Severe asthma diagnosed by a pulmonologist and followed for at least a year,Blood eosinophilia = 0.3 G / L in the 12 months preceding inclusion in the trial.,At least 2 exacerbations in the past 12 months, each time treated with oral corticosteroid therapy or an increase in dosage of oral corticosteroid therapy prescribed for a long time, for at least 72 hours,Post beta2‐mimetic reversibility of at least 200 ml and 12% of FEV1 at inclusion or in history.,High dose inhaled corticosteroid therapy (> 800 µg / d budesonide,> 500 µg / d fluticasone,> 1000 µg / d beclometasone, etc.) and at least one second controller asthma treatment with LABA or LAMA,Patient affiliated to a social security scheme,Patient able to give free, informed and written consent.
 Beneficial effect of GFF MDI: a LAMA/LABA FDC delivered by MDI using novel cosuspension technology on inspiratory capacity in patients with COPD;  PURPOSE: Inspiratory capacity (IC), an indirect marker of lung hyperinflation, is associated with dyspnea and exercise tolerance in patients with COPD. We performed a post‐hoc analysis of pooled data from two Phase IIIb studies of GFF MDI, a LAMA/ LABA FDC of glycopyrrolate (GP) and formoterol fumarate (FF), delivered by metered‐dose inhaler (MDI) using novel cosuspension technology, to assess the effect of GFF MDI on IC in patients with moderate‐to‐very‐severe COPD. METHODS: PT003011 (NCT02347072) and PT003012 (NCT02347085) were multicenter, randomized, double‐blind, placebocontrolled, crossover trials with an open‐label active comparator (PT003011 only). Patients received GFF MDI (18/9.6 mg: equivalent to glycopyrronium/FF 14.4/9.6 mg), placebo MDI (both twice daily), and open‐label tiotropium 5 mg (once daily via Soft Mist± Inhaler [SMI; Spiriva® Respimat®]) for 28 days, separated by 7‐ to 21‐day washouts. Peak change from baseline in IC following the morning and evening dose on Day 29 of each treatment period were secondary endpoints in both studies. RESULTS: A total of 115, 112, and 73 patients received GFF MDI, placebo MDI, and tiotropium SMI, respectively. For peak change from baseline in IC on Day 29, GFF MDI showed a greater magnitude of improvement versus placebo MDI and tiotropium SMI in the morning (293 mL and 125 mL, respectively; p≤0.0016) and evening (347 mL and 158 mL, respectively; p≤0.0005). After the morning dose on Day 29, patients receiving GFF MDI were more likely to show a response (≥10% improvement) in peak IC than those receiving placebo MDI (odds ratio [OR]: 12.94; 95% confidence interval [CI] 4.57, 36.68) and tiotropium SMI treatment (OR: 3.82; 95% CI 1.38, 10.57). Similarly, benefit was observed after the evening dose versus placebo (OR: 11.00; 95% CI 4.12, 29.43) and tiotropium SMI (OR: 2.05; 95% CI 0.83, 5.10). CONCLUSIONS: GFF MDI 18/9.6 mg administered twice daily for 28 days led to large improvements in IC in patients with moderate‐to‐very‐severe COPD. Improvements in peak change from baseline in IC versus placebo MDI and open‐label tiotropium SMI were observed after both morning and evening dosing.
 Early Clinically Important Improvement (ECII) and Exacerbation Outcomes in the FLAME Study;  Rationale COPD exacerbations are difficult outcomes to measure in clinical trials. It would be valuable to be able to predict which patients are likely to benefit in terms of exacerbation prevention based on their early response in lung function and symptoms. Advertorial Methods The 52‐week FLAME study randomised COPD patients with > 1 exacerbation in past year to indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY 110/50 ug od) or salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC 50/500 ug bid) (Wedzicha, JA et al. N Engl J Med 2016). ECII was defined at 4 or 12 weeks as achievement of minimal clinically important difference in trough FEV1 (> 100 mL increase) AND one patient reported outcome: reduction in e‐Diary score > 0.6 points; reduction in COPD Assessment Test (CAT) > 2 points or reduction in Saint George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) > 4 points. Results Approximately 18 ‐ 21% of patients achieved ECII at weeks 4 or 12 post randomisation according to the different definitions. Patients who achieved ECII experienced lower rates of subsequent exacerbations (annualised exacerbation rate: 0.83 ‐ 0.91 vs. 0.99 ‐ 1.04) and longer time to first exacerbation. More patients achieved ECII with IND/GLY vs. SFC according to the best predictor definition at week 4 (FEV1 and SGRQ, odds ratio 1.69, 95%CI 1.40, 2.04, P < 0.001) and week 12 (FEV1 and CAT, odds ratio 1.80, 95%CI 1.48, 2.18, P < 0.001). Conclusion ECII is a novel composite outcome measure that could predict subsequent exacerbation risk and may be used in clinical trials.
 Dual bronchodilator response according to bronchitis symptoms in the flame study;  Rationale: COPD patients with bronchitis have increased rates of exacerbation and hospitalisation. However, little is known on the differential response to treatments within this important phenotype. Methods: The 52‐week FLAME study randomised moderate‐to‐very severe COPD patients with ≥1 exacerbation in past year to indacaterol/glycopyrronium (IND/GLY 110/50μg od) or salmeterol/fluticasone (SFC 50/500μg bid) (Wedzicha, JA et al. N Engl J Med 2016). Patients recorded respiratory symptoms in an electronic diary (e‐diary) throughout the study. In this post‐hoc analysis, presence of bronchitis was defined as daily sputum production (measured using E‐diary highest sputum volume score ≥1, equivalent to 1 teaspoon in volume) for ≥50% of the time during study run‐in. Results: A total of 77% (2539/3309) of patients with available information met the criteria for bronchitis phenotype. Amongst bronchitic patients, those treated with IND/GLY had significantly lower annualised exacerbation rate than patients who received SFC (n=1272 vs. 1245; 0.57 vs. 0.72; rate ratio 0.79 [95%CI 0.70, 0.90]). However, amongst bronchitic patients who experienced exacerbations, no significant differences were seen in exacerbation duration and intensity between treatment groups. There was no difference in annualised exacerbation rates between IND/GLY and SFC in the smaller group of non‐bronchitic patients (n=366 vs 399; 0.70 vs. 0.74; rate ratio 0.95 [95%CI 0.77, 1.17]). Conclusions: Bronchitic patients treated with IND/GLY experienced fewer exacerbations than those who received SFC, whereas the exacerbation rates were similar between the two groups in the non‐bronchitic patients.
 Effects of tiotropium and salmeterol/fluticasone combination on lung hyperinflation dyspnea and exercise tolerance in COPD;  16th European Respiratory Society Annual Congress. Munich, Germany
 The INSPIRE study: effect of salmeterol/fluticasone propionate versus tiotropium bromide on COPD exacerbations;  12th Congress of the Asian Pacific Society of Respirology/2nd Joint Congress of the Asian Pacific Society of Respirology/American College of Chest Physicians, 30 November‐4 December, Queensland, Australia
 A pilot study comparing tiotropium to salmeterol plus fluticasone in moderate COPD;  15th European Respiratory Society Annual Congress. Copenhagen, Denmark; September 17‐21
 Once-daily tiotropium add-on to at least ICS demonstrates improved asthma control and reduced exacerbation risk in patients with symptomatic asthma, independent of serum IgE or blood eosinophil levels;  Background: Once‐daily tiotropium (via the Respimat soft‐mist device), as add‐on to ICS ± other maintenance therapies, has been shown to improve asthma symptom control and reduce the risk of severe exacerbation and asthma worsening in adults with symptomatic asthma, independent of serum IgE ≤ or >430 μg/l and blood eosinophils ≤ or >0.6 × 109/l, in conventional subgroup analyses. We assessed whether improvements in asthma control and exacerbation risk were observed in modelling estimates across a continuous range of IgE and eosinophil values following tiotropium add‐on therapy. Method: Four Phase III double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, parallel‐group trials: PrimoTinA (two 48‐week trials; NCT00 776984/NCT00772538; n = 912), once‐daily tiotropium 5 μg or placebo (via Respimat) as add‐on to ICS (≥800 μg budesonide or equivalent) + LABA; MezzoTinA (two 24‐ week trials; NCT01172808/NCT01172821; n = 2100), once‐daily tiotropium 5 μg or 2.5 μg (via Respimat), twice‐daily salmeterol 50 μg (via HFA‐MDI) or placebo (double‐dummy protocol) as add‐on to ICS (400‐800 μg budesonide or equivalent). Patients had symptomatic asthma requiring at least ICS therapy for ≥4 weeks before screening; COPD was excluded. Post hoc logistic regression modelling analyses of ACQ‐7 responder rate and post hoc Cox regression modelling of severe exacerbation and asthma worsening were performed across continuous ranges of IgE (2‐2000 μg/L) and eosinophils (0.05‐2.00 × 109/L) to investigate tiotropium or salmeterol (MezzoTinA only) vs placebo. Results: Tiotropium consistently improved ACQ‐7 responder rate vs placebo across all IgE and eosinophil ranges (odds ratio [OR] >1). Salmeterol also improved ACQ‐7 responder rate vs placebo across IgE levels (OR >1). In the modelling with salmeterol, as eosinophil levels increase, the ACQ‐7 responder rate OR decreases, becoming <1 at levels above ∼1.4 × 109/l. In modelling of exacerbation risk, in general, tiotropium consistently reduced the risk of severe exacerbation and asthma worsening at all levels of IgE and eosinophils vs placebo (hazard ratio <1); salmeterol also reduced the risk of severe exacerbation and asthma worsening vs placebo. Conclusion: Once‐daily tiotropium, as addon to ICS ± other maintenance therapies, improved asthma symptom control and reduced exacerbation risk in patients with moderate or severe symptomatic asthma, across the range of IgE and eosinophil values, supporting findings from conventional subgroup analyses.
 A Randomized, Double-Blind, Multi-Center, Parallel-Group Study to Assess the Efficacy and Safety of PT010 Relative to PT003 and PT009 on COPD Exacerbations Over a 52-Week Treatment Period in Subjects With Moderate to Very Severe COPD (Ethos) (PT010005);  INTERVENTION: Intervention name : BGF (PT010) MDI 320/14.4/9.6 micrograms Dosage And administration of the intervention : BGF (PT010) MDI 320/14.4/9.6 micrograms : BGF MDI 320/14.4/9.6 micrograms, Budesonide, Glycopyrronium, Formoterol Fumarate Aerosol (PT010, BGF metered dose inhaler [MDI]) Intervention name : BGF (PT010) MDI 160/14.4/9.6 micrograms Dosage And administration of the intervention : BGF (PT010) MDI 160/14.4/9.6 micrograms : BGF MDI 160/14.4/9.6 micrograms, Budesonide, Glycopyrronium, Formoterol Fumarate Aerosol (PT010, BGF metered dose inhaler [MDI]) Intervention name : BFF (PT009) MDI 320/9.6 micrograms Dosage And administration of the intervention : BFF (PT009) MDI 320/9.6 micrograms : BFF MDI 320/9.6 micrograms Budesonide, Formoterol Fumarate Aerosol Glycopyrronium and Formoterol Fumarate Inhalation Aerosol (PT003, GFF MDI) Intervention name : GFF (PT003) MDI 14.4/9.6 micrograms Dosage And administration of the intervention : GFF (PT003) MDI 14.4/9.6 micrograms : GFF MDI 14.4/9.6 micrograms Glycopyrronium, Formoterol Fumarate Aerosol Budesonide and Formoterol Fumarate Inhalation Aerosol (PT009, BFF MDI) CONDITION: COPD INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐Non‐child bearing potential (ie, physiologically incapable of becoming pregnant, including any female who is 2 years post‐menopausal); or Child bearing potential, has a negative serum pregnancy test at Visit 1, and agrees to acceptable contraceptive methods used consistently and correctly for the duration of the study. ‐Subjects with an established clinical history of COPD as defined by the American Thoracic Society (ATS)/European Respiratory Society (ERS), ‐Current or former smokers with a history of at least 10 pack‐years of cigarette smoking. ‐Forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1)/Forced vital capacity (FVC) ratio must be <0.70 and FEV1 must be <65% predicted normal value calculated using NHANES III reference equations (or reference norms applicable to other regions). ‐Subjects with history of exacerbations. Please refer to the study protocol for the complete inclusion criteria list.
 Tiotropium Reduces Exacerbations Versus Salmeterol Irrespective Of Baseline ICS Treatment In The Poet-COPD; Study;  American Thoracic Society International Conference, May 13‐18, 20011, Denver, Colorado
 Tiotropium as add-on therapy to ICS+LABA in patients with symptomatic severe asthma: spirometric assessment over 24 hours;  PURPOSE: In two prior Phase III trials (NCT00772538; NCT00776984), tiotropium (via Respimat® Soft Mist™ Inhaler) was shown to improve FEV1 peak(0‐3h) and trough FEV1 at 24 weeks, versus placebo, when used as add‐on to ICS+LABA in symptomatic patients with severe persistent asthma. To evaluate the degree to which improvements in lung function are sustained over 24 hours with tiotropium, we performed pre‐planned spirometric pulmonary function tests (PFTs) over a 24hour period at week 24 of these trials. METHODS: Two identical randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, 48‐week, parallel‐group trials of tiotropium 5 μ g versus placebo. Inclusion criteria included: aged 18‐75 years; asthma for ≥5 years; Asthma Control Questionnaire 7 score ≥1.5; post‐bronchodilator FEV1 ≤80%; non‐smoker/ex‐smoker (<10 pack‐years); ICS+LABA for ≥4 weeks pre‐screening; ICS dose ≥800 μ g budesonide or equivalent. Exclusion criteria included diagnosis of COPD or other lung diseases. PFTs were performed in a subset of patients at week 24, 10 minutes pre‐dose (dose given between 7 AM and 10 AM) and 0.5, 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 8, 10, 12, 14, 22, 23, and 24 hours post‐dose, and response was defined as difference from baseline. RESULTS: There was a statistically significant improvement in FEV1 AUC response over 24 hours with tiotropium versus placebo in both trials: Trial 1, n=176, difference from placebo (±SE): FEV1 AUC0‐24h, 122±56 mL, p=0.031; FEV1 AUC0‐12h, 134±58 mL, p=0.021; FEV1 AUC12‐24h, 110±55 mL, p=0.045 Trial 2, n=173, difference from placebo (±SE): FEV1 AUC0‐24h, 180±57 mL, p=0.002; FEV1 AUC0‐12h, 184±58 mL, p=0.002; FEV1 AUC12‐24h, 176±57 mL, p=0.002 CONCLUSIONS: Tiotropium is an effective once‐daily additional bronchodilator for symptomatic patients who have severe persistent asthma despite treatment with ICS+LABA.
 Tiotropium as add-on therapy to ICS+LABA in patients with symptomatic severe asthma: spirometric assessment over 24 hours;  PURPOSE: In two prior Phase III trials (NCT00772538; NCT00776984), tiotropium (via Respimat® Soft Mist™ Inhaler) was shown to improve FEV1 peak(0‐3h) and trough FEV1 at 24 weeks, versus placebo, when used as add‐on to ICS+LABA in symptomatic patients with severe persistent asthma. To evaluate the degree to which improvements in lung function are sustained over 24 hours with tiotropium, we performed pre‐planned spirometric pulmonary function tests (PFTs) over a 24hour period at week 24 of these trials. METHODS: Two identical randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, 48‐week, parallel‐group trials of tiotropium 5 μ g versus placebo. Inclusion criteria included: aged 18‐75 years; asthma for ≥5 years; Asthma Control Questionnaire 7 score ≥1.5; post‐bronchodilator FEV1 ≤80%; non‐smoker/ex‐smoker (<10 pack‐years); ICS+LABA for ≥4 weeks pre‐screening; ICS dose ≥800 μ g budesonide or equivalent. Exclusion criteria included diagnosis of COPD or other lung diseases. PFTs were performed in a subset of patients at week 24, 10 minutes pre‐dose (dose given between 7 AM and 10 AM) and 0.5, 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 8, 10, 12, 14, 22, 23, and 24 hours post‐dose, and response was defined as difference from baseline. RESULTS: There was a statistically significant improvement in FEV1 AUC response over 24 hours with tiotropium versus placebo in both trials: Trial 1, n=176, difference from placebo (±SE): FEV1 AUC0‐24h, 122±56 mL, p=0.031; FEV1 AUC0‐12h, 134±58 mL, p=0.021; FEV1 AUC12‐24h, 110±55 mL, p=0.045 Trial 2, n=173, difference from placebo (±SE): FEV1 AUC0‐24h, 180±57 mL, p=0.002; FEV1 AUC0‐12h, 184±58 mL, p=0.002; FEV1 AUC12‐24h, 176±57 mL, p=0.002 CONCLUSIONS: Tiotropium is an effective once‐daily additional bronchodilator for symptomatic patients who have severe persistent asthma despite treatment with ICS+LABA.
 Risk factors for all-cause mortality in patients with COPD: results from the ETHOS trial;  Background: Triple therapy with budesonide/glycopyrronium/formoterol (BGF) 320/14.4/10μg reduced all‐cause mortality (ACM) risk vs dual therapies, with a significant reduction (HR 0.51; unadjusted p=0.0035) vs glycopyrronium/formoterol (GFF) in the 52‐week ETHOS trial of COPD (NCT02465567). Aim: To assess the impact of baseline risk factors on ACM in ETHOS. Methods: Patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD and ≥1 moderate/severe exacerbation in the prior year were randomized to BGF 320 or 160/14.4/10μg, GFF 14.4/10μg, or budesonide/formoterol 320/10μg. All treatments were administered twice‐daily via a metered dose Aerosphere inhaler. ACM incidence was tabulated into subgroups, and for continuous variables, relationships were investigated using generalized additive modelling. Results: For the ITT population overall (n=8509), ACM generally increased with older age, lower FEV1 % predicted, higher CAT score, and a greater number of CV risk factors, and was higher in males vs females (Table). There was no clear impact of smoking status (current vs former) on ACM. In the GFF group alone, ACM increased with eosinophil count. Across the majority of subgroups, ACM was lower on BGF 320 vs dual therapies. Conclusion: Demographic and disease characteristics influence absolute risk of ACM in COPD. Triple therapy with BGF 320 reduced ACM vs dual therapies across subgroups, demonstrating benefits for a broad range of patients with COPD. (Figure Presented).
 Efficacy of salmeterol/fluticasone propionate 50/500mcg bd versus tiotropium on lung function and mucociliary clearance in COPD patients;  10th Congress of the APSR, 1st Congress of the APSR/ACCP, November 11‐14, 2005 Guangzhou, China.
 Clinical effects of adding fluticasone propionate/salmeterol (FSC) and tiotropium (TIO) in severe-to-very severe COPD;  15th European Respiratory Society Annual Congress. Copenhagen, Denmark; September 17‐21
 Efficacy and safety of dual anti-inflammatory combination of fluticasone and roflumilast for the treatment of COPD: is dual better than single?;  Background:COPD guidelines recommend the single use of inhaled glucocorticosteroids(ICS) and roflumilast as anti‐inflammarory options for the teatment of patients with severe to‐very severe disease with history of freguent exacerbations and chronic bronchites. Our analysis of reference shown that just a few studies has devoted to the dual anti‐inflammatory treatment in patients with severe COPD with limited results. The aim of our investigation was to assess the efficacy and safety of dual anti‐inflammatory combination of fluticasone and roflumilast for the treatment of COPD. Methods:108 patients with severe to‐ very severe COPD were included. This was randomised, open‐controlled study. Depending on treatment regimes all patients were divided in three groups:1) 36 patients have received Salm/Flu. at dose 100/1000mcg/day + Tiotropium 18 mcg/day;2)36 patients have received Salmeterol 100mcg/day +Roflumilast 500mcg/day+Tiotropium at the same dose;3)Salm/Flu.100/1000 mcg/day +Roflumilast 500 mcg/day+ Tiotropium at the same dose. Primary outcomes were throug FEV1,exacerbation rate ,and severe adverse events. All patients have been observed during one year. Results:Compared with single use of anti‐inflammatory regimes dual anti ‐inflammatory treatment regime showed a significant decreasing of the number of neutrophils in induced sputum(19%;p<0.001).Dual anti‐inflammatory treatment also showed a significanf increase in through FEV1(100 ml;p<0.0001) and a decreased use of rescue medication(‐0.71 puffs/d;p<0.0001).Salm/Flu.+Roflumilast showed a significant decrease in the rate of exacerbations in the natural history of disease(0.9± 0.4;p<0.05 to both comparators).This decreasing was accompany with a significant improvement of clinical features of the severe to very severe disease. Dual anti‐inflammatory treatment showed similar levels of safety and tolerability to all three comparators .There was not noted severe adverse events in all three groups. Conclusions:Dual anti ‐inflammatory combination of Fluticasone and Roflumilast showed superior efficacy compared with single use of Fluticasone and Roflumilast in patients with severe to very severe COPD. Dual anti ‐inflammatory treatment a significant improved lung function and clinical features of the severe to very sevre disease and this improvement may be explain with a significant decreasing of the number of mean inflammatory biomarker of disease ‐neutrophils. This decreasing also was acompany with markedly reducing of exacerbation rate of severe to very severe disease. Summarized of our findings we can conclude that roflumilast added to ICS therapy increased the sensitivity of ICS which the efficacy of the lasts in patients with COPD have limitations. We need to the further investigations in the direct of efficacy and possibility of dual anti‐inflammatory treatment for manegement of patients with severe to very severe disease.
 Bronchodilators for hyperinflation in COPD associated with biomass smoke: clinical trial;  INTRODUCTION: The efficacy of long‐acting bronchodilators for COPD associated with biomass (BE‐COPD) has not been properly evaluated. OBJECTIVE: To determine the acute effect of indacaterol (IND) 150 μg q.d and tiotropium (TIO) 18 μg q.d. on lung hyperinflation, walking distance (WD) and dyspnea during the six‐minute walking test (6MWT) in moderate BE‐COPD at 30, 60 and 240 mins post‐drug administration. DESIGN: Randomized, controlled, open‐level, crossover noninferiority clinical trial. Forty‐two women with BE‐COPD were randomly assigned to a bronchodilator sequence: IND‐TIO or vice versa. RESULTS: There were statistically significant changes over time in inspiratory capacity (IC) (p<0.0001), FEV1 (p<0.0001) and FVC (p<0.0001) when IND was used. When TIO was administered, an increase over all time periods was observed only for FEV1 (p<0.0001) and FVC (p<0.0001), whereas for IC an increase was observed only at 30 mins and 24 hrs after TIO administration. We did not find clinically significant increases in WD and dyspnea after the administration of both bronchodilators. CONCLUSION: Both IND and TIO showed significant and fast onset improvement in hyperinflation. Therefore, either of them may be recommended as a first line of treatment for COPD associated with BE‐COPD.
 A randomised, double-blind, double dummy, 3 way cross-over study evaluating the effects of Seretide 50/500mcg twice daily plus tiotropium bromide 18mcg once daily compared with the individual treatments (tiotropium bromide 18mcg alone and Seretide 50/500mcg alone) in the treatment of subjects with COPD;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Seretide Diskus 50/500 mcg Product Name: Seretide Diskus Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed INN or Proposed INN: Salmeterol xinafoate CAS Number: 94749‐08‐3 Current Sponsor code: GR33343 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ INN or Proposed INN: Fluticasone propionate CAS Number: 80474‐14‐2 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 500‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Trade Name: Spiriva 18 microgram inhalation powder, hard capsule Product Name: Spiriva Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, hard capsule INN or Proposed INN: Tiotropium Bromide Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 18‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, hard capsule Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use CONDITION: COPD PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: The primary objective of the study is to compare the effects of SERETIDE 50/500mcg twice daily plus tiotropium bromide 18mcg once daily with the individual treatments (tiotropium bromide 18mcg once daily alone and SERETIDE 50/500mcg twice daily alone) on lung function in subjects with COPD during a 2‐week treatment period. Primary end point(s): • AUC(0‐4hr) sGaw (1/kPa*s) after the morning dose of study medication at Day 14 ; ; Secondary Objective: Secondary objectives are to compare the effects of SERETIDE 50/500mcg twice daily plus tiotropium bromide 18mcg once daily with the individual treatments (tiotropium bromide 18mcg once daily alone and SERETIDE 50/500mcg twice daily alone) on further lung function endpoints at trough and post‐dose timepoints using plethysmography, impulse oscillometry and spirometry plus measures of symptomatic benefit and drug safety. INCLUSION CRITERIA: A subject will be eligible for inclusion in this study only if all of the following criteria apply: 1. Male or female aged 40 ‐ 80 years inclusive 2. Has an established clinical history of COPD (defined as per the GOLD definition which defines COPD as "characterised by airflow limitation that is not fully reversible. The airflow limitation is usually both progressive and associated with an abnormal inflammatory response of the lungs to noxious particles or gases") 3. A signed and dated written informed consent is obtained from the subject prior to study participation 4. The subject has a post‐bronchodilator FEV1 of >30% to ? 75% of predicted normal at Visit 1 5. The subject has a post‐bronchodilator FEV1 / FVC ratio = 70% at Visit 1 6. The subject achieves a score of ? 2 on the Modified Medical Research Council (MRC) Dyspnoea Scale at Visit 1 7. The subject is a current or ex‐smoker with a smoking history of > 10 pack‐years (10 pack yea
 Functional respiratory imaging (FRI) and lung function assessment of glycopyrronium/ formoterol fumarate dihydrate fixed-dose combination delivered using innovative cosuspension delivery technology (GFF MDI) in COPD;  Introduction and Objectives FRI has been used to provide a detailed view of overall and local changes in airway resistance and lung volume, in addition to spirometry and body plethysmography. The aim of this study was to assess changes in specific image‐based airway volume (siVaw) and resistance (siRaw) in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD after administration of GFF vs placebo. Methods In this double‐blind, 2 week dosing, Phase III crossover study (NCT02643082), 20 patients (40‐80 years) received twice daily GFF MDI 14.4/10 mg (equivalent to glycopyrrolate/ formoterol fumarate 18/9.6 mg) and placebo MDI. Primary endpoints were siVaw and siRaw at Day 15. Additional outcomes included spirometry, plethysmography and safety. Results On Day 15, GFF MDI led to an estimated 75% increase in siVaw and 71% decrease in siRaw relative to placebo MDI (both p<0.0001; Table), accompanied by post‐dose differences of 443 mL in FEV1 and 454 mL in IC in change from baseline for GFF MDI vs placebo MDI (both p<0.001). The safety profile was consistent with the drug class with no unexpected safety findings. Conclusions The dual bronchodilator GFF MDI demonstrated significant benefits on FRI‐based airway volume and resistance in the lungs of COPD patients. Benefits were associated with important improvements in FEV1, IC and hyperinflation. (Table presented).
 Functional respiratory imaging (FRI) and lung function assessment of glycopyrronium/formoterol fumarate dihydrate fixed-dose combination delivered using novel Co-Suspension Delivery Technology (GFF MDI) in COPD;  Introduction: FRI has been used to provide a detailed view of overall and local changes in airway resistance and lung volume, in addition to spirometry and body plethysmography. Aims and objectives: To assess changes in specific image‐based airway volume (siVaw) and resistance (siRaw) in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD after administration of GFF vs placebo. Methods: In this double‐blind, 2‐week dosing, Phase III crossover study (NCT02643082), 20 patients (40‐80 years) received twice daily GFF MDI 14.4/10μg (equivalent to glycopyrrolate/formoterol fumarate 18/9.6μg) and placebo MDI. Primary endpoints were siVaw and siRaw at Day 15. Additional outcomes included spirometry, plethysmography and safety. Results: On Day 15, GFF MDI led to an estimated 75% increase in siVaw and 71% decrease in siRaw relative to placebo MDI (both p<0.0001; Table), accompanied by post‐dose differences of 443mL in FEV and 454mL in IC in change from baseline for GFF MDI vs placebo MDI (both p<0.001). The safety profile was consistent with the drug class with no unexpected safety findings. Conclusion: The dual bronchodilator GFF MDI demonstrated significant benefits on FRI‐based airway volume and resistance in the lungs of COPD patients. Benefits were associated with important improvements in FEV , IC and hyperinflation. (Figure Presented).
 Benefits of triple therapy in moderate, severe, and very severe COPD: subgroup analysis of the ETHOS trial;  Background: The 52‐week ETHOS trial (NCT02465567) assessed the efficacy and safety of budesonide/glycopyrronium/formoterol (BGF) triple therapy at two dose levels vs corresponding dual therapies in patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD. Aim: To assess the benefits of triple therapy on exacerbations in patients with moderate, severe, or very severe COPD. Methods: Patients were randomized to BGF 320/14.4/10μg, BGF 160/14.4/10μg, glycopyrronium/formoterol 14.4/10μg, or budesonide/formoterol 320/10μg. All treatments were administered twice‐daily via a single metered dose Aerosphere inhaler. Eligible patients had a post‐bronchodilator FEV1 25‐65% of predicted, and ≥1 moderate/severe exacerbation in the prior year. Exacerbation rates were analyzed post‐hoc according to baseline severity of post‐bronchodilator lung function impairment. Results: The modified ITT population was classified by baseline COPD severity (moderate, n=2427; severe, n=5151; very severe, n=924). Across treatment groups, annual moderate/severe exacerbation rates increased with the severity of airflow obstruction (Table). BGF 320 showed benefits vs dual therapies across all COPD severities. In patients with very severe COPD, there were larger rate reductions vs dual therapies for BGF 320 than BGF 160. Conclusion: Benefits of triple therapy with BGF 320 were observed vs dual therapies in patients with moderate, severe, and very severe COPD. (Figure Presented).
 Relationship between baseline rescue medication use and reductions in COPD exacerbation rates: a subgroup analysis of the ETHOS trial;  Background: Budesonide/glycopyrronium/formoterol (BGF) triple therapy reduced exacerbation rates vs dual therapies in patients with moderate‐to‐very severe COPD in the ETHOS trial (NCT02465567). Aim: To assess the relationship between baseline rescue medication use and benefits of triple therapy on exacerbations in ETHOS. Methods: Patients with a postbronchodilator FEV1 25‐65% of predicted, CAT score ≥10 on ≥2 inhaled maintenance therapies, and ≥1 moderate/severe exacerbation in the prior year were randomized to BGF (320/14.4/10μg or 160/14.4/10μg), glycopyrronium/formoterol 14.4/10μg or budesonide/formoterol 320/10μg twice‐daily for 52 weeks. Treatments were administered via a single metered dose Aerosphere inhaler. Exacerbation rates were analyzed post‐hoc according to baseline SABA rescue medication use (mean puffs/day: ≤4, n=5912; >4, n=2564). Results: Across treatment groups, moderate/severe exacerbations rates were higher in patients using >4 puffs/day of SABA (Table). Benefits of BGF 320 on exacerbation rates vs dual therapies were seen in both subgroups but were greater in those with >4 puffs/day of SABA. Conclusion: Triple therapy with BGF 320 reduced COPD exacerbations vs dual therapies in both subgroups, but high baseline rescue medication use may identify patients at greater risk of moderate/severe exacerbations, who may derive even greater benefit from triple therapy. (Figure Presented).
 The TRIFLOW study; A randomised, cross-over study evaluating the effects of inhaled beclometasone/formoterol/glycopyrronium (BDP/F/G) on hyperinflation in COPD;  Background: The effects of triple therapy on hyperinflation in COPD have not been investigated thoroughly. We evaluated the effects of the G and F components of the extrafine single inhaler triple therapy BDP/F/G pMDI on hyperinflation. Methods: This open?label, randomised, single centre, 2‐way cross‐over study recruited 23 COPD patients taking ICS based combination treatment and with residual volume (RV) > 120% predicted at screening. Inhaled BDP was taken during run‐in and washout periods. Baseline lung function was measured over 12 hours prior to randomisation to BDP/F/GB or BDP/F for 5 days followed by washout and crossover. Lung function (spirometry, lung volumes, oscillometry) was measured prior to dosing on day 1 and for 12 hours post‐dose on day 5. Results: Co‐primary endpoint analysis: BDP/F/G had a greater effect than BDP/F on FEV1 AUC0‐12 (mean difference 104mls, p=0.0071) and RV AUC0‐12 (mean difference ‐163mls, p=0.0028). Oscillometry measurements showed a greater effect of BDP/F/G on R5‐R20 AUC0‐12, which measures small airway resistance (mean difference ‐0.045 kPa/L/s, p=0.0002). Comparison of BDP/F with the baseline measurements (BDP alone) showed that F increased FEV1 AUC0‐12 (mean difference 227mls) and improved RV AUC0‐12 (mean difference ‐558mls) and R5‐R20 AUC0‐12 (mean difference ‐0.117 kPa/L/s), all p<0.0001. Conclusions: In COPD patients with hyperinflation, the G and F components of extrafine BDP/F/G improved FEV1, RV and small airway function. This indicates that these bronchodilator components target small airway function, thereby improving lung volumes and airflow.
 A randomized trial of symptom-based management in Japanese patients with COPD;  Background: The Global initiative for chronic Obstructive Lung Disease strategy document for COPD recommends treatment changes according to the persistence of symptoms or exacerbations. This study assessed the feasibility and outcomes of a structured step‐up/step‐down treatment approach in a randomized controlled clinical trial setting. Methods: Japanese patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD were randomized to blinded, double‐dummy treatment with twice‐daily fluticasone propionate/salmeterol (FP/SAL) 250/50 µg or once‐daily tiotropium bromide (TIO) 18 µg for 24 weeks (dual bronchodilator was not available). At 4‐weekly intervals, patients remaining symptomatic (COPD Assessment Test score >10) or experiencing an exacerbation were offered the option to use triple therapy. Primary endpoint was the proportion of patients remaining on randomized therapy. Results: In total, 406 patients participated (mean FEV1 59%±13% predicted; COPD Assessment Test 12±6). Of these, 204 and 201 patients were included in the FP/SAL and TIO groups, respectively, of whom 67% and 63% continued treatment throughout the study; this difference was not statistically significant. Time to first therapy switch was longer with FP/SAL, but not significantly (P=0.21). More patients in Global initiative for chronic Obstructive Lung Disease (2011 criteria) groups C/D switched (FP/SAL 55%, TIO 63%) than in groups A/B (FP/SAL 27%, TIO 27%). Conclusion: Given the choice, patients with more symptoms or those experiencing an exacerbation will agree to step‐up therapy. Effectiveness of disease management pathways can be tested using double‐blind studies.
 GLISTEN Study subanalysis: glycopyrronium differentially improves lung function, health status and rescue medication use when added to salmeterol/fluticasone in COPD severity groups;  The GLISTEN study reported noninferiority of glycopyrronium 50mcg OD (GLY) vs tiotropium 18μg OD (TIO) when added to salmeterol/fluticasone 50/500mcg BID (SAL/FLU), and significant improvements in FEV1, health status and rescue medication for GLY+SAL/FLU vs SAL/FLU, in patients (pts) with COPD. (Frith P,et al.,ERJ 2014;44: Suppl 58) In this posthoc analysis, efficacy [FEV1 & St George Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) & rescue therapy] was assessed in different severity groups using baseline characteristics (GOLD 2014) to see whether benefits related to disease severity. This 12wk multicentre blinded parallel group study randomised 773 pts to GLY+SAL/FLU (258), TIO+SAL/FLU (258) or SAL/FLU (257). Using baseline characteristics, pts were classified (posthoc) into GOLD group A, B, C or D: n=121, 393, 27 and 229, respectively. A, B and D were analysed for changes in trough FEV1, SGRQ and rescue therapy. Over 12 wks, the triple combination (GLY+SAL/FLU) showed significantly better improvements in lung function in pts in GOLD A, B and D; health status in GOLD D; and rescue therapy use in GOLD A and D, compared, to SAL/FLU. The results demonstrate significant benefits of GLY as add on therapy to SAL/FLU, not only in pts classified as GOLD group D (FEV1, SGRQ & rescue therapy), but also in less severe pts in other GOLD groups.
 Glisten study subanalysis: glycopyrronium differentially improves lung function, health status and rescue medication use when added to salmeterol/fluticasone in copd severity groups;  Introduction/Aim: The GLISTEN study reported non‐inferiority of glycopyrronium 50 μg OD (GLY) versus tiotropium 18 μg OD (TIO) when added to salmeterol/fluticasone 50/500 μg BID (SAL/FLU), and significant improvements in FEV1, health status and rescue medication forGLY + SAL/FLU versus SAL/FLU, in patients with COPD. (Frith PA, et al. Thorax 2015;70:519‐27) Methods: In this post‐hoc analysis, efficacy (FEV1, St George Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) & rescue therapy) was assessed in different severity groups (GOLD 2010 (FEV1) and GOLD 2014 (FEV1 and SGRQ)) to determine whether drug treatment benefits were related to disease severity. Results: This 12‐week multicentre blinded parallel group study randomised 773 patients to GLY + SAL/FLU (258), TIO + SAL/FLU (258) or SAL/FLU (257). Patients were classified (post‐hoc) into moderate and severe COPD (n = 514, 257, respectively) using baseline FEV1, and into GOLD group A, B, C or D (n = 121, 393, 27 and 229, respectively) using FEV1 and health status. A, B, D and moderate/severe patient groups were analyzed for changes from baseline in trough FEV1 and SGRQ and in rescue therapy. Least square mean difference for GLY + SAL/FLU versus SAL/FLU (at 12 weeks) (table present). Conclusion: Over 12 weeks, the results demonstrate significant benefits of GLY as add on therapy to SAL/FLU, not only in patients with severe COPD or classified asGOLD group D (FEV1, SGRQ & rescue therapy) but also in moderate COPD patients and patients in other GOLD groups.
 Glycopyrronium significantly improves lung function, health status and rescue therapy use when combined with salmeterol/fluticasone in patients with severe COPD: a subgroup analysis of the glisten study;  The GLISTEN study earlier reported non‐inferiority of glycopyrronium 50μg OD (GLY) to tiotropium 18μg OD (TIO), when combined with salmeterol/fluticasone 50/500μg BID (SAL/FLU), and significant improvements (GLY+SAL/FLU versus SAL/FLU) in lung function, health status and rescue therapy use in all COPD patients (pts). (Frith PA, et al. Thorax 2015;0:1‐9. doi:10.1136/thoraxjnl‐ 2014‐206670) In this pre‐planned analysis, we compared the effect of GLY+SAL/FLU vs SAL/FLU alone on trough FEV1, St George Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) and rescue therapy use in sub‐groups of moderate or severe COPD pts. This 12‐week, multicentre, blinded, parallel group study randomized 773 pts to GLY+SAL/FLU, TIO+SAL/FLU or SAL/FLU alone, of whom 514 had moderate and 257 had severe COPD at baseline (GOLD 2010 Levels). GLY+SAL/FLU significantly improved trough FEV1 in moderate or severe COPD pts (least square mean difference LSMD 100 ml, SE 17 ml and LSMD 110 ml, SE 27 ml, respectively) versus SAL/FLU alone at wk 12. There was no significant improvement in SGRQ in pts with moderate COPD (LSMD ‐0.22, p = 0.84) but a clinically significant improvement in SGRQ in severe COPD pts (‐6.04, p < 0.001). GLY+SAL/FLU also demonstrated significant reduction in rescue medication use versus SAL/FLU in both moderate and severe COPD pts (LSMD ‐0.56 puffs/day; p = 0.009 and LSMD ‐1.08 puffs/day; p = 0.004). Over 12 wks, the triple combination (GLY+SAL/FLU) showed significantly better improvements in lung function, health status and rescue medication use compared to SAL/FLU alone in pts with severe COPD, and in lung function and rescue therapy in moderate COPD.
 A randomized, open-label, crossover study to evaluate ICS/LABA treatment versus LAMA/LABA treatment in COPD with eosinophilic inflammation;  INTERVENTION: Treatment with ICS/LABA for 4 weeks, then treatment with LAMA/LABA for 4 weeks. Treatment with LAMA/LABA for 4 weeks, then tteatment with ICS/LABA for 4 weeks. CONDITION: COPD PRIMARY OUTCOME: FEV1 after 4 weeks of treatment. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Dyspnoea, symptoms, FENO level, and blood eosinophils after 4 weeks of treatment. Adverse events and exacerbation. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Severity of airflow limitation as GOLD 2‐4; have a smoking history of at least 10 pack‐years; and FENO level of at least 25 ppb.
 Improvements in lung function with tiotropium as add-on controller therapy to ICS+LABA for patients with symptomatic severe asthma;  PURPOSE: A considerable proportion of asthma patients remain symptomatic despite treatment with ICS+LABA, and there is a need for additional controller medications. We present results from one Phase II (trial 1: NCT00365560) and two replicate Phase III (trials 2a/2b: NCT00772538, NCT00776984) trials that assessed efficacy and safety of the long‐acting anticholinergic bronchodilator tiotropium (via Respimat® Soft Mist™ Inhaler) as add‐on to ICS+LABA in patients with severe symptomatic asthma. METHODS: Trial 1: randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, 8‐week, crossover study of tiotropium 5 and 10 μ g versus placebo. Trials 2a/2b: identical double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, 48‐week, parallel‐group trials of tiotropium 5 μ g versus placebo. Inclusion criteria common to all trials: aged 18‐75 years; asthma for ≥5 years; ACQ‐7 score ≥1.5; post‐bronchodilator FEV1 ≤80%; non‐smoker/ex‐smoker (<10 pack‐years); ICS+LABA for ≥4 consecutive weeks pre‐screening; daily ICS dose ≥800 μ g budesonide/equivalent. COPD/other lung diseases excluded. Results presented as difference from baseline. RESULTS: Trial 1: n=107; statistically significant improvement with tiotropium 5 and 10 μ g in FEV1 peak(0‐3h) response at 8 weeks (mean difference from placebo [±SE], 139±22 mL [p<0.001] and 170±22 mL [p<0.001], respectively), with only numerical difference between tiotropium doses. Trials 2a/2b: n=912; statistically significant improvement with tiotropium 5 μ g in FEV1 peak(0‐3h) and trough FEV1 response at 24 weeks (mean difference from placebo [±SE], trial 2a: 86±34 mL [p=0.011] and 88±31 mL [p=0.005], respectively; trial 2b: 154±32 mL [p<0.001] and 111±30 mL [p<0.001], respectively); FEV1 peak(0‐3h) responses sustained at 48 weeks; statistically significant improvement in FVC peak(0‐3h) and trough FVC responses with tiotropium 5 μ g versus placebo; statistically significant improvements in weekly AM and PM PEF with tiotropium versus placebo, sustained over 48 weeks. AEs were balanced across treatment groups in each trial except for higher incidence of dry mouth with tiotropium 10 μ g in trial 1. CONCLUSIONS: Once‐daily tiotropium as add‐on to ICS+LABA provides significant and sustained improvements in lung function, and is well tolerated.
 Improvements in lung function with tiotropium as add-on controller therapy to ICS+LABA for patients with symptomatic severe asthma;  PURPOSE: A considerable proportion of asthma patients remain symptomatic despite treatment with ICS+LABA, and there is a need for additional controller medications. We present results from one Phase II (trial 1: NCT00365560) and two replicate Phase III (trials 2a/2b: NCT00772538, NCT00776984) trials that assessed efficacy and safety of the long‐acting anticholinergic bronchodilator tiotropium (via Respimat® Soft Mist™ Inhaler) as add‐on to ICS+LABA in patients with severe symptomatic asthma. METHODS: Trial 1: randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, 8‐week, crossover study of tiotropium 5 and 10 μ g versus placebo. Trials 2a/2b: identical double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, 48‐week, parallel‐group trials of tiotropium 5 μ g versus placebo. Inclusion criteria common to all trials: aged 18‐75 years; asthma for ≥5 years; ACQ‐7 score ≥1.5; post‐bronchodilator FEV1 ≤80%; non‐smoker/ex‐smoker (<10 pack‐years); ICS+LABA for ≥4 consecutive weeks pre‐screening; daily ICS dose ≥800 μ g budesonide/equivalent. COPD/other lung diseases excluded. Results presented as difference from baseline. RESULTS: Trial 1: n=107; statistically significant improvement with tiotropium 5 and 10 μ g in FEV1 peak(0‐3h) response at 8 weeks (mean difference from placebo [±SE], 139±22 mL [p<0.001] and 170±22 mL [p<0.001], respectively), with only numerical difference between tiotropium doses. Trials 2a/2b: n=912; statistically significant improvement with tiotropium 5 μ g in FEV1 peak(0‐3h) and trough FEV1 response at 24 weeks (mean difference from placebo [±SE], trial 2a: 86±34 mL [p=0.011] and 88±31 mL [p=0.005], respectively; trial 2b: 154±32 mL [p<0.001] and 111±30 mL [p<0.001], respectively); FEV1 peak(0‐3h) responses sustained at 48 weeks; statistically significant improvement in FVC peak(0‐3h) and trough FVC responses with tiotropium 5 μ g versus placebo; statistically significant improvements in weekly AM and PM PEF with tiotropium versus placebo, sustained over 48 weeks. AEs were balanced across treatment groups in each trial except for higher incidence of dry mouth with tiotropium 10 μ g in trial 1. CONCLUSIONS: Once‐daily tiotropium as add‐on to ICS+LABA provides significant and sustained improvements in lung function, and is well tolerated.
 Late breaking abstract-pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic interactions between components of extrafine formulation of BDP/FF/GB, a novel fixed-dose triple combination for asthma and COPD;  This study assessed the pharmacokinetic (PK) and pharmacodynamic (PD) interactions between beclomethasone dipropionate (BDP), formoterol fumarate (FF), glycopyrronium bromide (GB), the components of a new inhaled fixed‐dose triple combination pMDI for maintenance treatment of asthma and COPD. In this single‐center, randomized, open‐label, single‐dose, 3‐way crossover study, adult healthy volunteers received 4 inhalations of each of BDP/FF/GB (100/6/12.5 μg) {test, T}, BDP/FF (100/6 μg) {reference 1, R1} or GB (12.5 μg) {reference 2, R2}. Serial PK and PD assessments were collected pre‐dose and up to 48 hrs post‐dose. Vital signs, electrocardiograms (ECGs) and treatment‐emergent adverse events (TEAEs) were monitored. 66 subjects were enrolled. Geometric means ratios of plasma concentration Cmax and AUC0‐t and corresponding 90% CI for B17MP, FF (T/R1), GB (T/R2) were all within the pre‐defined acceptance interval of 80‐125%. Plasma cortisol Cmin and AUC0‐24h were 30% and 19% lower respectively for T compared to R2 with no significant differences observed between T and R1. TEAEs occurred in 24.2%, 29.2% and 18.5% of subjects on T, R1 and R2 respectively and none led to study drug discontinuation. There were no SAEs. The results support the absence of clinically‐relevant drug‐drug interactions between the BDP, FF and GB components of this extrafine fixed‐dose triple combination pMDI.
 Ics withdrawal and exacerbation risk by gold 2017 report: post hoc analysis of the wisdom trial;  Introduction/Aim: The 2017 GOLD∗ A‐D grouping scheme is solely based on exacerbation history and symptoms, and no longer considers lung function. We aimed to examine the effect of ICS withdrawal in the WISDOM trial within the new GOLD 2017 groups A‐D. Methods: In WISDOM‐a 12‐month, double‐blind, parallel‐group study‐patients with COPD who had ≥1 exacerbation in the preceding 12 months and FEV1 <50% predicted (GOLD 2013 C/D) received tiotropium, salmeterol and fluticasone propionate for 6 weeks, before randomisation to continue all three treatments or to stepwise withdrawal of fluticasone propionate. This is a post hoc analysis by GOLD 2017 stage. Results: The proportion of the total population of patients experiencing exacerbations was lowest in the GOLD A group (35.8%) and highest in the GOLD D group (51.7%). There was no significant difference in exacerbations between ICS and ICS withdrawal in any group (Figure). Conclusion: The GOLD 2017 classification was a good predictor of exacerbation in WISDOM, with far fewer exacerbations in the GOLD A and B groups than in the C and D groups. Consistent with GOLD 2017 treatment recommendations and with the conclusions of the WISDOM trial, there was no significant increased risk of exacerbation with ICS withdrawal versus continuing ICS in any group.
 ICS withdrawal and exacerbation risk by GOLD 2017 Report: post hoc analysis of the WISDOM trial;  Introduction: The 2017 GOLD∗A‐D grouping scheme is solely based on exacerbation history and symptoms, and no longer considers lung function. Aim: To examine the effect of ICS withdrawal in the WISDOM trial within the new GOLD 2017 groups A‐D. Methods: In WISDOM, a 12month, doubleblind, parallelgroup study, patients with COPD who had ≥1 exacerbation in the preceding 12 months and FEV <50% predicted (GOLD 2013 C/D) received tiotropium, salmeterol and fluticasone propionate for 6 weeks, before randomisation to continue all three treatments or to stepwise withdrawal of fluticasone propionate. This is a post hoc analysis of the study by GOLD 2017 stage. Results: The proportion of the total population of patients experiencing exacerbations was lowest in the GOLD A group (35.8%) and highest in the GOLD D group (51.7%). There was no significant difference in exacerbations between ICS and ICS withdrawal in any group (Figure). Conclusion: The GOLD 2017 classification was a good predictor of exacerbation in WISDOM, with far fewer exacerbations in the GOLD A and B groups than in the C and D groups. Consistent with GOLD 2017 treatment recommendations and with the conclusions of the WISDOM trial, there was no significant increased risk of exacerbation with ICS withdrawal versus continuing ICS in any group.
 Fixed combination of glycopyrrolate and formoterol MDI (GFF-MDI) demonstrates superior inspiratory capacity (IC) compared to tiotropium DPI (Tio) following 7 days dosing, in a randomized, doubleblind, placebo-controlled phase 2b study in patients with COPD;  Rationale: In COPD, IC is inversely correlated to dyspnea with exercise. Tio is an inhaled anticholinergic that improves IC. GFF‐MDI is an inhaled bronchodilator comprised of glycopyrrolate and formoterol fumarate. Pearl evaluated improvements in IC of GFF‐MDI compared to Tio and placebo (PL) following chronic dosing in a large Phase IIb study. Methods: Randomized, double‐blind, customized, unbalanced, incomplete block, crossover study was conducted in patients with moderate to very severe COPD. One objective was to assess changes in IC on Day7 between 2 doses of GFF‐MDI, Tio and PL. MDIs were administered BID for 1 week; Tio was administered QD for 1 week. Results: 118 patients randomized. GFF‐MDI (72/9.6 and 36/9.6 μg) and Tio were superior to Pl on morning pre‐dose trough assessments (255mL, 271mL and 166mL, respectively; P≤0.0004 all comparisons) and for Peak IC assessments (265mL, 293mL and 170 mL, respectively; P≤ 0.0016 all comparisons). Both GFF‐MDI 72/9.6 μg and GFF‐MDI 36/9.6 μg were superior to Tio for pre‐dose trough IC (90mL and 105mL, respectively; P<0.05 both doses) and Peak IC on Day 7 (95mL and 124mL, respectively; P<0.05 both doses). Conclusion: Both doses of GFF‐MDI were superior to PL and Tio for morning pre‐dose and Peak IC assessments. These findings support the further development of GFF‐MDI in patients with COPD.
 Oxygen kinetics during a constant work rate exercise as an indicator of efficacy of interventions in COPD;  RATIONALE High intensity Constant Work Rate (Exercise (CWRE) is currently used to evaluate the changes of performance induced by interventions in COPD subjects. The symptoms limited workload time (Endurance) during a CWRE is the measure of performance. Changes of End Expiratory Lung Volume (EELV), measured as changes of Inspiratory Capacity (IC) are measured as factors limiting performance in COPD. The Slow phase time of Oxygen Kynetics (SOK) measures the delay of achievement of the maximum aerobic energy production. A rapid SOK is associated with an increased fitness and it may be a more accurate measure of interventions efficacy in COPD because it is more independent from the willingness of subjects than Endurance and it is a more reproducible than IC during a high intensity CWRE. This study aimed at comparing IC, Endurance and SOK during CWRE in COPD subjects before and after Tiotropium (T) (18 mcg cps), Indacaterol (I) (150 mcg cps) or placebo (P) inhalation. METHODS Six stage II COPD subjects were included in a double blind, double dummy, cross‐over trial. The maximum achievable work load (MAWL) was determined on the first day. Randomly, in the following three days a CWRE with a workload set at 75% of MAWL was performed two hours after the inhalation of T, I or P. IC was measured before the application of workload and at regular intervals during CWRE. Changes of EELV were derived from the difference of IC before the beginning and at the end of workload. The time of SOK was represented by the tau constant (τ) of the exponential fitting of breath by breath measures of oxygen consumption. The differences of measures of performance between P and T or I were analyzed by a paired t test. RESULTS With reference to the results obtained after P, no significant differences were found for IC variations, a borderline significant increase of endurance was found for I (79 +/‐ 70 sec ) but not for T (6.2 +/‐ 141), a significant (p < 0.05) decrease of τ was found for T (‐15 +/‐10) but not for I (‐16 +/‐14). CONCLUSIONS In a small sample of COPD subjects, all measures performed in a CWRE test seem to be affected by a between subjects high variability that may interfere with the attainment of significant results. The duration of SOK seems the most reliable among the measures proposed to estimate the results of a CWRE.
 A pilot study to assess the effects of combining fluticasone propionate/salmeterol and tiotropium on the airflow obstruction of patients with severe-to-very severe COPD;  The aim of this pilot study was to explore the relative efficacy in terms of improvement in symptoms and lung function of combining fluticasone propionate/salmeterol combination (FSC) and tiotropium in patients with severe‐to‐very severe stable COPD. Ninety patients were randomized to receive 3 months of treatment in one of three treatment groups: (1) FSC 500/50 microg Diskus, 1 inhalation twice daily+placebo Handihaler 1 inhalation once‐daily daily; (2) tiotropium 18 microg Handihaler, 1 inhalation once daily+placebo Diskus, 1 inhalation twice daily; (3) FSC 500/50 microg Diskus, 1 inhalation twice daily+tiotropium 18 microg Handihaler, 1 inhalation once‐daily daily. Patients attended the clinic before and after 1 month, 2 months, and 3 months of treatment for evaluations of pulmonary function, and dyspnea, which was assessed using a visual analog scale (VAS). Also the supplemental salbutamol use was measured. Eighty‐one patients completed the 3‐month treatment period: 26 patients receiving FSC, 26 patients receiving tiotropium, and 29 patients receiving FSC+tiotropium. Patients were withdrawn for COPD exacerbation. Improvements in trough FEV(1) with all treatments medications were observed by the first month when trough FEV(1) had improved significantly above baseline by 74 mL (p<0.05) in the tiotropium group, by 117 mL (p<0.05) in the FSC group and by 115 mL (p<0.05) in FSC+tiotropium group. At the end of the study, trough FEV(1) had improved significantly above baseline by 141 mL (p<0.05) in the tiotropium group, by 140 mL (p<0.05) in the FSC group and by 186 mL (p<0.05) in FSC+tiotropium group. The difference between FSC and tiotropium appeared to decrease, that between FSC and FSC+tiotropium appeared to increase and that between tiotropium and FSC+tiotropium remained almost similar with study duration. Our results suggest that adding FSC and tiotropium may provide benefits in symptomatic patients with severe‐to‐very severe stable COPD.
 Combining triple therapy and pulmonary rehabilitation in patients with advanced COPD: a pilot study;  BACKGROUND: The synergistic interactions between pharmacotherapy and pulmonary rehabilitation has been provided, but it remains to be established whether this may also apply to more severe patients. OBJECTIVES: We have examined whether tiotropium enhances the effects of exercise training in patients with advanced COPD (FEV(1)</=60% predicted, hypoxemia at rest corrected with oxygen supplementation, and limitations of physical activity). METHODS: We enrolled 22 patients that were randomised to tiotropium 18mug or placebo inhalation capsules taken once daily. Both groups (11 patients in each group) underwent an in patient pulmonary rehabilitation program and were under regular treatment with salmeterol/fluticasone twice daily. Each rehabilitation session was held 5 days per week (3h/day) for a total of 4 weeks. RESULTS: Compared to placebo, tiotropium had larger impact on pulmonary function (FEV(1)+0.164L, FVC +0.112L, RV ‐0.544L after tiotropium, FEV(1)+0.084L, FVC ‐0.039L, RV ‐0.036L after placebo). The addition of tiotropium allowed a longer distance walked in 6min (82.3m vs. 67.7m after placebo) and reduced dyspnoea (Borg score) (‐0.4 vs. +0.18 after placebo) when compared with baseline (pre pulmonary rehabilitation program). The changes in SGRQ from baseline to the end of treatment were: total score ‐28.3U, activity ‐27.8U, impact ‐14.5U, and symptoms ‐33.4U in the placebo group; and total score ‐19.1U, activity ‐18.9U, impact ‐16.4U, and symptoms ‐33.8U in the tiotropium group. CONCLUSIONS: Our study clearly indicates that there is an advantage in combining pulmonary rehabilitation with an aggressive drug therapy in more severe patients.
 Cardiovascular safety of extrafine single inhaler triple combination of beclometasone dipropionate, formoterol fumarate, and glycopyrronium bromide in COPD: results of safety analysis from the trilogy and trinity studies;  Rationale COPD often co‐exists with other chronic diseases that can contribute to patients' health status and prognosis. In particular, patients with COPD are at greater risk of cardiovascular disease compared with age and sex‐matched controls. Methods Two 52 week multi‐centre, randomised, double‐blind, active‐controlled studies recruited patients with symptomatic COPD, severe to very severe airflow limitation, and an exacerbation history. In TRILOGY, patients were randomised (1:1) to an extrafine fixed triple combination of beclometasone dipropionate, formoterol fumarate, and glycopyrronium bromide (BDP/FF/GB; 100/6/12.5 mcg, two actuations twice daily [BID] via pressurised metered dose inhaler [pMDI]; 'fixed triple') or an extrafine fixed combination of BDP/FF (100/6 mcg, two actuations BID via pMDI; Fostair) (Singh et al. Lancet 2016; 388: 963‐73). In TRINITY patients were randomised 2:2:1 to BDP/FF/GB, tiotropium (18 mcg once daily via single‐dose dry powder inhaler [SDDPI]), or BDP/FF+tiootropium: free triple (Vestbo et al. Lancet 2017; 389: 1919‐ 29). In this analysis, we evaluated the occurrence of Major Adverse Cardiovascular Events (MACEs). MACEs included acute myocardial infarction, stroke, cardiovascular death, arrhythmias, and heart failure. Results MACE incidence and rate in the two BDP/FF/GB groups was similar to the BDP/FF and tiotropium groups (Table 1). The majority of reported MACEs were severe in intensity, with a slightly higher percentage of fatal events in the Tiotropium only group. Importantly, in patients with relevant concomitant cardiovascular diseases, the trend was similar to that seen in the overall populations. None of the other subgroup analyses (by age, spacer use and gender) highlighted relevant differences in the safety profiles compared with the overall population. Conclusions These Results provide further reassurance that the additional clinical benefits of this extrafine fixed triple compared to standard treatment are not associated with a greater impact on the cardiovascular safety in severe to very severe COPD patients, further supporting its positive benefit/risk ratio. Importantly, the presence of concomitant cardiac comorbidities did not influence the rate of cardiovascular events. (Figure Presented).
 A randomized study using functional respiratory imaging to characterize bronchodilator effects of glycopyrrolate/formoterol fumarate delivered by a metered dose inhaler using co-suspension delivery technology in patients with COPD;  Background: Functional respiratory imaging (FRI) uses high‐resolution computed tomography (HRCT) scans to assess changes in airway volume and resistance. Patients and methods: In this randomized, double‐blind, 2‐week, crossover, Phase IIIB study, patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD received twice‐daily glycopyrrolate/formoterol fumarate delivered by a metered dose inhaler (GFF MDI, 18/9.6 μg) and placebo MDI, formulated using innovative co‐suspension delivery technology. Co‐primary endpoints included the following: specific image‐based airway volume (siVaw) and specific image‐based airway resistance (siRaw) at Day 15, measured using FRI. Secondary and other endpoints included the following: change from baseline in post‐dose forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) and inspiratory capacity (IC; spirometry) and ratio to baseline in post‐dose functional residual capacity (FRC) and residual volume (RV; body plethysmography). Results: Twenty patients (46‐78 years of age) were randomized and treated; of whom 19 completed the study. GFF MDI treatment increased siVaw by 75% and reduced siRaw by 71% vs placebo MDI (both P<0.0001). Image‐based airway volume (iVaw) and image‐based airway resistance (iRaw), without adjusting for lobe volume, demonstrated corresponding findings to the co‐primary endpoint, as lobe volumes did not change with either treatment. Approximately 48% of the delivered dose of glycopyrronium and formoterol fumarate was estimated to be deposited in the lungs. Compared with placebo, GFF MDI treatment improved post‐dose FEV1 and IC (443 mL and 454 mL, respectively; both P<0.001) and reduced FRC and RV (13% and 22%, respectively; both P<0.0001). There were no significant safety findings. Conclusion: GFF MDI demonstrated significant, clinically meaningful benefits on FRI‐based airway volume and resistance in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD. Benefits were associated with improvements in FEV1, IC, and hyperinflation. Clinical trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT02643082.
 Evaluating the control of COPD symptoms in patients treated with tiotropium bromide 18mcg once daily alone, ADOAIR 50/250mcg twice daily alone or ADOAIR 50/250mcg plus tiotropium bromide 18mcg;  The purpose of this study is to assess the control of COPD using a symptom and exacerbation risk based treatment strategy based on GOLD 2011. This study is conducted in Japanese subjects with COPD and assess whether the GOLD 2011 strategy is effective in medical practice in Japan.
 The application of impulse oscillation system for the evaluation of treatment effects in patients with COPD;  There are only a few reports of the use of impulse oscillation system (IOS) for the evaluation of COPD treatment. In this study, we applied IOS and spirometry to evaluate the effectiveness of fluticasone propionate and salmeterol (SFC) combined with tiotropium (TIO) in COPD patients. Following a 4‐week run‐in period with TIO (18 μg once daily) treatment, COPD patients were randomized to SFC (250/50 μg twice daily; SFC+TIO group, n=25), or TIO alone (TIO group, n=31). Pulmonary functions were recorded by IOS and spirometry before and after the study period. The SFC+TIO group showed significant improvements in inspiratory resistance at 5 Hz and resonant frequency, as well as in FVC and FEV1, after the 12‐week treatment (p<0.05). Since there were no significant correlations between improvements in IOS measurements and FVC or FEV1, IOS may provide a physiological point of view that is different from spirometry and seemed to be applicable as an additional assessment tool targeting COPD patients.
 Lung-function profile before and after the first moderate to severe exacerbation during the WISDOM study;  Rationale: In the WISDOM study (NCT00975195), daily home spirometry measured the time course of lung‐function changes throughout the study. The aim of this post‐hoc analysis was to address the lung‐function profile leading up to, during, and following the first moderate‐to‐severe exacerbation. Methods: Patients with severe to very severe COPD entered a 6‐week run‐in with LABA+LAMA+ICS (tiotropium 18 μg once daily; salmeterol 50 μg twice daily; and fluticasone propionate 500 μg twice daily), and were randomized to continue LABA+LAMA+ICS or salmeterol/tiotropium for 52 weeks while discontinuing ICS in a stepwise manner over 12 weeks. In this post‐hoc analysis, we included patients who experienced a moderate to severe exacerbation after the ICS‐withdrawal visit, did not have an exacerbation in the 8 weeks before or after the exacerbation, and had daily home‐measured FEV1 data available for every week analyzed. Results: Of 2488 patients, 262 experienced a moderate‐to‐severe exacerbation after the ICS‐withdrawal visit and had lung‐function data for every week. For all patients combined (ICS and ICS withdrawal), change in FEV1 remained relatively stable 56‐14 days before the first moderate‐to‐severe exacerbation (mean FEV1 change from baseline values:‐0,04 to‐0,07 L). There was a decline in lung function starting 2‐3 weeks before exacerbation (FEV1 change value of‐0,12 L from baseline), followed by a moderate improvement over 14 days. Post‐exacerbation lung function did not reach pre‐exacerbation levels. Conclusions: Lung function was relatively stable in both treatment groups. Home spirometry measurements showed a marked decline in FEV1 prior to moderate‐to‐severe exacerbation with improvements seen post‐exacerbation, although not to pre‐exacerbation levels. These findings support the usefulness of home spirometry to predict exacerbations and to indicate subsequent worsening of lung function resulting from a previous COPD exacerbation.
 An open-label study to compare the effectiveness of FF/UMEC/VI using the Connected Inhaler System with FP/SAL plus tiotropium in participants with inadequately controlled asthma;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Trelegy Ellipta Product Name: Fluticasone Furoate/Umeclidinium/Vilanterol Product Code: GW685698/GSK573719/GW642444 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed INN or Proposed INN: Umeclinidium bromide CAS Number: 869113‐09‐7 Other descriptive name: GSK573719A Concentration unit: Âµg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 62.5‐ INN or Proposed INN: Vilanterol Trifenatate CAS Number: 503070‐58‐4 Other descriptive name: GW642444M Concentration unit: Âµg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 25‐ INN or Proposed INN: Fluticasone Furoate CAS Number: 397864‐44‐7 Other descriptive name: GW685698 Concentration unit: Âµg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 100‐ Trade Name: Seretide Accuhaler/Diskus, 250/50 mcg or 500/50mcg Product Name: (Seretide Accuhaler/DISKUS) Product Code: R03AK06 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed INN or Proposed INN: NA CAS Number: 80474‐14‐2 Current Sponsor code: NA Other descriptive name: FLUTICASONE PROPIONATE Concentration unit: Âµg microgram(s) Concentration type: range Concentration number: 250 ‐500 INN or Proposed INN: SALMETEROL CAS Number: 89365‐50‐4 Current Sponsor code: NA Other descriptive name: SALMETEROL Concentration unit: Âµg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ CONDITION: Inadequately controlled asthma ; MedDRA version: 20.0 Level: PT Classification code 10003553 Term: Asthma System Organ Class: 10038738 ‐ Respiratory, thoracic and mediastinal disorders Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] SECONDARY OUTCOME: ; Secondary end point(s): Annualised rate of moderate/severe asthma; exacerbations at week 24; ; Percentage of participants who have a; decrease from baseline of =4 in St Georgeâ€™s; Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) total score; at Week 24.; ; Percentage of ELLIPTA versus DISKUS doses; taken as prescribed over the 24‐week treatment period.; ; Change from baseline in trough FEV1 at Week; 24.; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Week 24. PRIMARY OUTCOME: ; Primary end point(s): Percentage of participants who have either an; asthma control test (ACT) total score of =20 or; an increase from baseline of =3 in ACT total; score at Week 24.; ; Secondary Objective: ‐To evaluate the effectiveness of FF/UMEC/VI with CIS on reducing asthma exacerbations compared with the FP/SAL+TIO after 24 weeks; of treatment; ‐To evaluate the effectiveness of FF/UMEC/VI with CIS on improving health‐related quality of life compared with the FP/SAL+TIO after 24; weeks of treatment; ‐To compare the adherence to FF/UMEC/VI ELLIPTA with CIS with FP/SAL DISKUS; ‐To evaluate the effectiveness of FF/UMEC/VI with CIS on improving lung function compared with the FP/SAL+TIO after 24 weeks of treatment; Main Objective: To evaluate the effectiveness of FF/UMEC/VI with CIS on improving asthma control compared with FP/SAL+TIO after 24 weeks of treatment Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Week 24. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Participants are eligible to be included in the study only if all of the following criteria apply: General 1. Participants must have their own Android or IOS mobile device (e.g. smart phone or tablet) and a data package suitable for the installation and running of the App and sending and receiving data. Data used by the CIS is approximately 1MB per month as a maximum; this is less data than a 1 minute video streamed from YouTube (2MB). 2. Participants must be willing and able to download the app on their personal mobile device and keep it turned on for the duration of the study. This will also require Bluetooth to be turned on for duration of the study. Participants will also have to turn on mobile data for the app for the duration of study; unless travelling and when extra data roaming costs could be incurred. Age 3. Participant must be 18 years of age
 Beta-Blocker Therapy in Moderate to Severe COPD;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Fostair 100/6 Product Name: Fostair 100/6 (Beclometasone/Formoterol) Inhalation solution Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation solution INN or Proposed INN: Beclometasone dipropionate CAS Number: 5534‐09‐8 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 100‐ INN or Proposed INN: Formoterol CAS Number: 73573‐87‐2 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 6‐ Trade Name: Clenil Modulite 200 Product Name: Clenil modulite 200 (Beclometasone) Inhalation solution Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation solution INN or Proposed INN: Beclometasone dipropionate CAS Number: 5534‐09‐8 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 200‐ Trade Name: Spiriva Handihaler Product Name: Tiotropium bromide monohydrate Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, hard capsule INN or Proposed INN: Tiotropium bromide CAS Number: 136310‐93‐5 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 18‐ Trade Name: Cardicor Product Name: Bisoprolol 1.25mg tablets Pharmaceutical Form: Film‐coated tablet INN or Proposed INN: Bisoprolol fumarate CAS Number: 66722‐44‐9 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 1.25‐ Trade Name: Cardicor Product Name: Bisoprolol 2.5mg tablets Pharmaceutical Form: Film‐coated tablet INN or Proposed INN: Bisoprolol fumarate CAS Number: 66722‐44‐9 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 2.5‐ Product Name: Bisoprolol 5mg tablets Pharmaceutical Form: Tablet INN or Proposed INN: Bisoprolol fumarate CAS Number: 66722‐44‐9 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 5‐ Product Name: Carvedilol 3.125mg tablets Pharmaceutical Form: Tablet INN or Proposed INN: Carvedilol CAS Number: 72956‐09‐3 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 3.125‐ Product Name: Carvedilol 6. CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) ; MedDRA version: 14.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10009026 Term: Chronic obstructive airways disease System Organ Class: 10038738 ‐ Respiratory, thoracic and mediastinal disorders Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): Remaining IOS variables (R20, X5, AX, RF); Spirometry (FEV1, FVC, slow VC, FEF25‐75); Oxygen saturations; Heart rate; Blood pressure; ECG parameters; 6min walk test (where physically possible); Echocardiogram parameters (where technically possible); Domiciliary FEV1, symptoms, reliever use, 02 sats and HR; SGRQ; Serum BNP, Aldosterone, Angiotensin II, BDNF, Potassium. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: At baseline and end of 4th, 5th and 6th weeks of each (of two) treatment periods. INCLUSION CRITERIA: • Male and female volunteers aged 40‐80 years with stable moderate to severe COPD (GOLD stage 2&3). • FEV1 30‐80% predicted and FEV1/FVC ratio <70%. • Stable defined as no exacerbation in previous 3 months. • Smoking history =10 pack‐years. • Oxygen saturations= 92% on room air at rest. • ECG demonstrating sinus rhythm. Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: 0 F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range 9 F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range 9 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To assess the effects on measures of lung and heart function of two different beta blockers ‐ one that acts mainly on the heart and the other that acts on both the heart and lungs ‐ after chronic dosing. Primary end point(s): The null hypothesis proposed is there is no difference between cardioselective (bisoprolol) and non‐cardioselective (carvedilol) beta blockade, with chronic dosing, in terms of change in airway resistance at 5Hz (R5), using Impulse Oscillometry, from baseline. Secondary Objective: To assess how beta blockers interact with standard COPD inhaler treatment.; To assess how well beta blockers are tolerated in COPD using gradually increasing doses over several weeks.; To assess what protection is given by the inhaler Tiotropium against worsening of lung function in the early stages of the beta blocker treatment. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: At baseline and end of 4th, 5th and 6th weeks of each (of two) treatment periods.
 Placebo controlled study of roflumilast in Bangladeshi COPD patients;  Background Roflumilast an oral, selective phosphodiesterase‐4 inhibitor has been shown to improve lung function in COPD patients. We investigated whether Roflumilast along with conventional therapy would improve lung function in Bangladeshi COPD patients. Methods A single blind, randomized, placebo controlled study was carried out in the department of Respiratory medicine at National Institute of Diseases of the Chest and Hospital (NIDCH), Dhaka, Bangladesh. 130 patients were recruited initially and randomly distributed into Group‐A where patients got conventional therapy (Inhaled Salmeterol + Fluticasone and Tiotropium) and Roflumilast (0.5 mg once daily) and Group‐ B where patients got placebo with conventional therapy. Study duration was 3 months. Patients developing exacerbations and requiring emergency treatment were excluded from the study. 46 patients in group‐A and 50 patients in group‐B completed the study. A spirometry and CAT (COPD assessment test) score was performed in each case at the beginning and monthly for 3 months. Difference of mean FEV1 and CAT‐ score from baseline between two groups was measured to assess the Roflumilast activity. The primary outcome variable was change in mean FEV1 and secondary outcome variable was change in mean CAT score from base line. Results Clinical characteristics of the study population in terms of cough, dyspnoea, wheeze, sputum production, loss of weight and appetite were not statistically significant. In group A, mean FEV1 increased and mean CAT score changed at all three visits. The change was statistically significant. Conclusion COPD patients who received Roflumilast along with conventional therapy experience better lung function and symptomatic improvement than conventional therapy alone.
 A double blind placebo controlled study to assess the effect of roflumilast in addition to LABA/LAMA/ICS treatment in COPD patients using novel biomarkers;  Background Recently Roflumilast (Daxas®, Takeda) has been added as a therapeutic option for severe COPD patients. Roflumilast is a selective phosphodiesterase type 4 (PDE4). The current study aims to assess the mode of action of Roflumilast as ad‐on to LABA/LAMA/ICS therapy in severe COPD patients. In addition the study aims to identify the characteristics of the responders. Methods Forty‐one patients were randomized to receive roflumilast or placebo. At baseline and after 6 months of treatment pulmonary function tests, exercise tolerance tests and functional respiratory imaging (FRI) were performed and patient reported outcomes (PRO) were measured. Findings A significant improvement in FEV1 of 66 ± 120 ml (p = 0.01) was observed in the roflumilast group compared to baseline. The response was driven by a subset (n=8) of responders with a change in FEV1 exceeding the measurement error of FEV1 recently determined to be 120ml. The responders experienced worse dynamic hyperinflation during exercise at baseline compared to the non‐responders. FRI parameters indicated regional changes in hyperinflation after treatment with roflumilast leading to an improvement in PFT, PRO and exercise tolerance (Figure 1). Interpretation The anti‐inflammatory characteristics of Roflumilast seem to reduce inflammation in the smaller airways leading to a reduction in hyperinflation and a change in internal airflow distribution (IAD). The change in IAD enhances the deposition of the LABA/LAMA/ICS therapy leading to clinical improvements. Patients, who suffer from dynamic hyperinflation, tend to benefit from Roflumilast. These findings are relevant for two main reasons. Firstly the current study is the first study to report the effect of a PDE4 inhibitor in addition to ICS/LABA/LAMA therapy. Secondly more sensitive, image‐based endpoints provide addition insights into the mode of action of anti‐inflammatory compounds and provide a basis for responder phenotyping. The latter will be important when considering the development of novel, often expensive anti‐inflammatory compounds for respiratory diseases. The current study provides hypotheses that need to be confirmed in larger clinical trials. (Figure Presented).
 A double blind placebo controlled study to assess the effect of roflumilast in addition to LABA/LAMA/ICS treatment in COPD patients using novel biomarkers;  Rationale Recently Roflumilast (PDE4 inhibitor, Daxas®, Takeda) has been added as therapeutic option for severe COPD patients. The current study aims to 1) assess the mode of action 2) identify responder type of Roflumilast as add‐on to LABA/LAMA/ICS therapy in severe COPD patients. Methods 41 patients were randomized to Roflumilast or placebo. At baseline and after 6m of treatment PFT, exercise tolerance tests (ETT) and functional respiratory imaging (FRI) were performed and patient reported outcomes (PRO) were measured. Results FEV1 did improve by 66±120ml (p=0.01) after Roflumilast as compared to baseline. Response was driven by a subset (n=8) of patients with a change in FEV1 >120ml (= measurement error of FEV1). Responders experienced worse dynamic hyperinflation during exercise at baseline compared to non‐responders. FRI indicated regional changes in hyperinflation after Roflumilast leading to an improvement in PFT, PRO and ETT. Conclusions Roflumilast seems to reduce inflammation in the smaller airways resulting in reduced hyperinflation and changing internal airflow distribution (IAD). Changed IAD enhances deposition of LABA/LAMA/ICS leading to clinical improvements. Patients with dynamic hyperinflation tend to benefit from Roflumilast. These findings are relevant because 1) this is the first study to report effects of PDE4 inhibitor on top of ICS/LABA/LAMA; 2) sensitive, image‐based endpoints provide insights in the mode of action of anti‐inflammatory compounds and a basis for responder phenotyping. The current study provides hypotheses that need to be confirmed in larger clinical trials.
 Single inhaler triple therapy (ICS/LAMA/LABA) in patients with advanced COPD: german responder results for patient reported symptom E-RS and subscale analyses from the FULFIL trial;  Rationale: FULFIL was a 24 week phase III, randomized, double‐blind, double‐dummy trial comparing FF/UMEC/VI (od 100 μg/62.5 μg/25 μg) via a single ELLIPTA inhaler with BUD/FOR (bid 400 μg/12 μg) via TURBUHALER in symptomatic COPD patients at risk of exacerbations. This study demonstrated statistically significant improvements in lung function and SGRQ with FF/UMEC/VI versus BUD/FOR (Lipson, et al. AJRCCM 2017). Patient reported symptom severity was assessed using the Evaluating Respiratory Symptoms in COPD [ERS: COPD] tool. Methods: E‐RS:COPD was completed each evening by participants in an e‐diary and analysed up to week 24 (W24) and week 52 (W52). Post‐hoc responder analyses were based on a 2‐weekly (W24) and 4‐weekly (W52) mean score, using the distribution based thresholds of‐3.35 for the total E‐RS:COPD score,‐1.85 for breathlessness,‐1.15 for cough and sputum and‐1.05 for chest symptoms. Results: 1810 participants were included in the ITT population (FF/UMEC/VI, n = 911; BUD/FOR, n = 899) up to week 24. The first 430 participants completed up to 52 weeks (EXT). Over both time periods, FF/UMEC/VI produced greater reductions from baseline in mean E‐RS:COPD score compared with BUD/FOR leading to statistically significant differences for proportion of responders (ITT: p < 0.001 W23‐24; EXT: p = 0.016 W49‐52). The ratio between treatments of odds of response versus non‐response was statistically significant in favour of FF/UMEC/VI (odds ratios [OR] of 1.51; 95% CI 1.22, 1.87 W23‐24 and OR 1.74; 95% CI 1.11, 2.74 W49‐52). Response rates for breathlessness, cough and sputum, and chest symptoms were significantly improved during weeks 23‐24 (p < 0.001 to 0.028) and weeks 49‐52 (p < 0.001 to p = 0.645). Comparison with a 4‐weekly average using pre‐specified response thresholds of‐2.00 for the total E‐RS:COPD score,‐1.00 for breathlessness,‐0.70 for cough and sputum and chest symptoms, showed similar statistically significant results in favour of FF/UMEC/VI versus BUD/FOR. Conclusions: FF/UMEC/VI was associated with greater improvements from baseline in E‐RS:COPD and subscale scores compared with BUD/FOR. Irrespective of different responder definitions, the evaluation of the E‐RS:COPD consistently demonstrated statistically significant improvements in favour of FF/UMEC/VI versus BUD/FOR.
 A research study to evaluate the effect of a new fixed triple combination of beclometasone dipropionate + formoterol fumarate + glycopyrronium bromide at high dose in patients with uncontrolled asthma;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: CHF 5993 pMDI Product Code: CHF 5993 Pharmaceutical Form: Pressurised inhalation, solution INN or Proposed INN: BECLOMETASONE DIPROPIONATE CAS Number: 5534‐09‐8 Other descriptive name: BDP Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 200‐ INN or Proposed INN: FORMOTEROL FUMARATE CAS Number: 43229‐80‐7 Other descriptive name: FF Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 6‐ INN or Proposed INN: GLYCOPYRRONIUM BROMIDE CAS Number: 596‐51‐0 Other descriptive name: GB Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 12.5‐ Trade Name: Fostair Product Name: Fostair Product Code: CHF 1535 Pharmaceutical Form: Pressurised inhalation, solution INN or Proposed INN: BECLOMETASONE DIPROPIONATE CAS Number: 5534‐09‐8 Other descriptive name: BDP Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 200‐ INN or Proposed INN: FORMOTEROL FUMARATE CAS Number: 43229‐80‐7 Other descriptive name: FF Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 6‐ Trade Name: Spiriva Respimat Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation solution INN or Proposed INN: TIOTROPIUM BROMIDE CAS Number: 136310‐93‐5 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 2.5‐ CONDITION: Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] Uncontrolled asthma ; MedDRA version: 19.0 Level: PT Classification code 10003553 Term: Asthma System Organ Class: 10038738 ‐ Respiratory, thoracic and mediastinal disorders PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: ‐ To demonstrate the superiority of CHF 5993 200/6/12.5 pMDI compared to CHF 1535 200/6 pMDI in terms of change from baseline in pre‐dose FEV1 at Week 26.; ‐ To demonstrate the reduction of moderate and severe asthma exacerbations rate with CHF 5993 200/6/12.5 pMDI compared to CHF 1535 200/6 pMDI during the entire 52‐week treatment period. ; Primary end point(s): ‐ Change from baseline in pre‐dose FEV1 at Week 26 ; ‐ Moderate and severe exacerbations rate over 52 weeks of treatment Secondary Objective: Key Secondary Objectives:; ‐ To demonstrate the superiority of CHF 5993 200/6/12.5 pMDI compared to CHF 1535 200/6 pMDI in terms of change from baseline in peak FEV1 within 3 hours post‐dose at Week 26. ; ‐ To demonstrate the superiority of CHF 5993 200/6/12.5 compared to CHF 1535 200/6 in terms of change from baseline in morning PEF averaged over 26‐week treatment period.; ‐ To demonstrate the reduction of severe asthma exacerbations rate with CHF 5993 200/6/12.5 pMDI compared to CHF 1535 200/6 pMDI during the entire 52‐week treatment period in the pooled analysis of CCD‐05993AB1‐03 and CCD‐05993AB2‐02 trials.; ; Safety Objective:; ‐ To assess the safety and tolerability of the study treatments Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 26 weeks and 52 weeks; SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): ‐ Change from baseline in peak FEV1 (within 3 hours post dosing) at Week 26. ; ‐ Change from baseline in morning PEF measured by patients at home over the 26‐week treatment period.; ‐ Severe exacerbations rate over 52 weeks of treatment in a pre‐specified pooled analysis of the two pivotal studies CCD‐5993AB1‐03 and CCD‐05993AB2‐02; ‐ Safety variables, AEs, ADRs Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 26 weeks and 52 weeks; Safety throughout the study INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Patient’s written informed consent obtained prior to any study‐related procedures. 2. Male or female patients aged greater than or equal to 18 and =75 years. 3. Patients must have a documented history of asthma for at least 1 year and asthma must have been diagnosed before the patient’s age of 40. 4. Patients with uncontrolled asthma with double therapy only on high doses of ICS ( (>1000 daily dose BDP non‐extrafine or estimated clinical comparable dose) in combination with a ß2 long‐acting bronchodilator (LABA) at a stable dose for at least 4 weeks prior to screening. LABA daily dose: patients under formoterol 24 µg or salmeterol 100 µg or vilanterol 25 µg or other approved dose of LABA as clinically comparable to the others in the list can be included. 5. Patients with a pre‐bronchodilator FEV1 <80% of their predicted normal value, after appropriate washout from bronchodilators, at the screening and randomization visits. 6. Patients with a
 Perception and Usage Among Indian Physicians of Long Acting Dual Bronchodilators in COPD: PATTERN Study;  Long‐acting dual bronchodilators are indicated for a majority of COPD patients(pts). We aimed to understand their usage by Indian physicians (PY), as data on this is lacking. A self‐reported questionnaire was administered to PY randomly selected across India. 321 PY participated in the survey. 93% PY reported that majority of their COPD pts had breathlessness mMRC grade 2 or more. 63% PY said that majority of their COPD pts had 1‐2 exacerbations per year while another 15.9% felt that it was more than 2/year. First‐line therapy used in the majority of symptomatic COPD pts were dual bronchodilators (43.5% PY), triple therapy (18.6% PY), short acting bronchodilator drugs (SABD; 17.8% PY) or ICS/LABA (15.8% PY). The preferred first‐line maintenance therapy for patients at high risk of exacerbations was ICS/LABA/LAMA, LABA/LAMA or ICS/LABA (39.7%, 37% and 18% PY, respectively). Patient profiles believed to be suitable for LABA‐LAMAs mainly included GOLD D (45.9% PY), GOLD B (44.4% PY) and GOLD C (32.30% PY) pts. 90% PY perceived tolerability of LABA‐LAMA combinations to be good‐excellent. 22% PY prescribed ICS‐LABA in addition to a LABA‐LAMA for more than 40% pts. Of them, 27.3% prescribed ICS/LABA to control symptoms, while 32.6% prescribed it due to greater confidence in ICS‐LABA as compared to LABA‐LAMA. In pts on long acting bronchodilators, 64% PY used SABD for breakthrough symptoms while 22.6% PY used them for additional symptom relief. 60.2% PY preferred pMDI+Spacer as inhaler device for COPD pts. Despite having highly symptomatic pts, dual long‐acting bronchodilators are underused by Indian PY. A significant proportion use ICS/LABA with LABA/LAMA, which may be a safety concern.
 COMPARISON BETWEEN FF/UMEC/VI VS UMEC/VI AND FF/VI AND UMEC/VI VS FF/VI BASED ON BASELINE EXACERBATION HISTORY AND FEV1: SUB-ANALYSIS FROM THE IMPACT TRIAL;  SESSION TITLE: Monday Electronic Posters 5 SESSION TYPE: Original Inv Poster Discussion PRESENTED ON: 10/21/2019 02:30 PM ‐ 03:15 PM PURPOSE: InforMing the Pathway of COPD Treatment (IMPACT) study is a 52‐week, randomized, double‐blind, multicentre trial comparing fluticasone furoate (FF)/umeclidinium (UMEC)/vilanterol (VI) with FF/VI and UMEC/VI in 10,355 patients aged ≥40 years with symptomatic COPD and a history of exacerbations. The primary endpoint was the annual rate of on‐treatment moderate/severe exacerbations. Here we present analyses comparing FF/UMEC/VI vs the dual therapies and UMEC/VI vs FF/VI based on exacerbation history in the previous year and FEV1 at screening. METHODS: Sub‐analyses of the annual rate and time to first (TTF, post‐hoc) moderate/severe exacerbations were conducted for FF/UMEC/VI vs UMEC/VI and FF/VI and for UMEC/VI vs FF/VI based on the following three subgroups: FEV1=2 moderate or >=1 severe exacerbation (group 2) and FEV1>=50%‐=2 moderate or >=1 severe exacerbation (group 3). RESULTS: FF/UMEC/VI vs UMEC/VI significantly decreased the annual rate of moderate/severe exacerbations in all three defined subgroups (rate ratios (RR) ranging from 0.72 to 0.83). In assessing TTF moderate/severe exacerbation, FF/UMEC/VI significantly reduced the TTF moderate/severe exacerbation compared to UMEC/VI in group 2 (RR=0.78; 95% CI 0.69,0.87) and group 3 (RR=0.87, 95% CI 0.76,1.00). FF/UMEC/VI vs FF/VI significantly reduced the annual rate of moderate/severe exacerbations in group 1 (RR=0.82; 95% CI 0.72,0.92) and group 2 (RR=0.82; 95% CI 0.75,0.91). Similar results were observed as FF/UMEC/VI significantly reduced the TTF moderate/severe exacerbation vs FF/VI in group 1 (RR=0.82; 95% CI 0.73,0.92) and group 2 (RR=0.83 95% CI 0.75,0.92). Comparing the two dual therapies, UMEC/VI showed higher rates of moderate/severe exacerbations compared to FF/VI in group 2 (RR=1.13; 95% CI 1.01,1.27) and group 3 (RR=1.31; 95% CI 1.14,1.51). There were no significant differences in TTF between UMEC/VI and FF/VI for the three subgroups. CONCLUSIONS: In the IMPACT trial, regardless of disease severity, FF/UMEC/VI demonstrated improvements in exacerbation outcomes compared to both dual treatments UMEC/VI and FF/VI. When comparing the dual treatments, FF/VI significantly reduced the rate of moderate/severe exacerbations in subjects with more frequent or severe exacerbations compared with UMEC/VI. CLINICAL IMPLICATIONS: These results provide evidence that FF/UMEC/VI consistently reduces exacerbations as compared to UMEC/VI and FF/VI across a range of disease severities in a symptomatic COPD population with a history of exacerbations. Funding: GSK [IMPACT identifier NCT02164513] DISCLOSURES: Advisory Committee Member relationship with Boehringer Ingelheim Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 03/12/2019 by Gerard Criner, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Advisory Committee Member relationship with GSK Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 03/13/2019 by Gerard Criner, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Consultant relationship with pulmonx Please note: $1‐$1000 Added 05/30/2019 by Gerard Criner, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Consultant relationship with olympus Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 05/30/2019 by Gerard Criner, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Consultant relationship with astra zeneca Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 05/30/2019 by Gerard Criner, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Advisory Committee Member relationship with gala Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 05/30/2019 by Gerard Criner, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Consultant relationship with CSA medical Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 05/30/2019 by Gerard Criner, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Advisory Committee Member relationship with respironics Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 05/30/2019 by Gerard Criner, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Advisory Committee Member relationship with rested Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 05/30/2019 by Gerard Criner, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support No relevant relationships by Gregory Feldman, source=Web Response Advisory Committee Member relationship with Boehringer Ingelheim, GSK, Novartis Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 03/13/2019 by David Halpin, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with AstraZeneca, BI, Chiesi, GSK, Novartis Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 03/13/2019 by David Halpin, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Consultant relationship with GSK Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 03/13/2019 by MeiLan Han, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Consultant relationship with BI Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 03/13/2019 by MeiLan Han, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Consultant relationship with AZ Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 03/13/2019 by MeiLan Han, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Research support relationship with Novartis Please note: >$100000 Added 03/13/2019 by MeiLan Han, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Research Support relationship with Sunovion Please note: >$100000 Added 03/13/2019 by MeiLan Han, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Advisory Committee Member relationship with GSK Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 03/12/2019 by Nicola Hanania, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Research relationship with GSK Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 03/12/2019 by Nicola Hanania, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Grant relationship with Boehringer Ingelheim Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 03/12/2019 by Nicola Hanania, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Advisory Committee Member relationship with Astra Zeneca Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 03/12/2019 by Nicola Hanania, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Grant relationship with Astra Zeneca Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 03/12/2019 by Nicola Hanania, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Consultant relationship with Sanofi Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 03/12/2019 by Nicola Hanania, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Consultant relationship with Regeneron Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 03/12/2019 by Nicola Hanania, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Advisory Committee Member relationship with Novartis Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 03/12/2019 by Nicola Hanania, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Advisory Committee Member relationship with Genentech Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 03/12/2019 by Nicola Hanania, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Advisory Committee Member relationship with Sunovion Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 03/12/2019 by Nicola Hanania, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Advisory Committee Member relationship with Mylan Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 03/12/2019 by Nicola Hanania, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Employee relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: >$100000 Added 03/13/2019 by Christine Elaine Jones, source=Web Response, value=Salary My spouse/partner as a Employee relationship with Sandoz/Novartis Please note: >$100000 Added 03/13/2019 by Christine Elaine Jones, source=Web Response, value=Salary Employee relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 03/13/2019 by Sally Kilbride, source=Web Response, value=Salary Employee relationship with GSK Please note: >$100000 Added 03/13/2019 by David Lipson, source=Web Response, value=Salary Employee relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: >$100000 Added 03/11/2019 by Riju Ray, source=Web Response, value=Salary Employee relationship with GSK Please note: $1‐$1000 Added 03/13/2019 by Laura Shostak, source=Web Response, value=Salary Stock/share holder relationship with GSK Please note: $1‐$1000 Added 03/12/2019 by Laura Shostak, source=Web Response, value=Stocks/shares Research Funding relationship with West‐Ward Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 03/13/2019 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Research Funding relationship with Theravance Biopharma Please note: >$100000 Added 03/13/2019 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Research Funding relationship with GSK Please note: >$100000 Added 03/13/2019 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Research Funding relationship with Pearl Please note: >$100000 Added 03/13/2019 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Research Funding relationship with Chiesi Please note: >$100000 Added 03/13/2019 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Research Funding relationship with AZ Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 03/13/2019 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Research Funding relationship with Novartis Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 03/13/2019 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Research Funding relationship with Forest Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 03/13/2019 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Research Funding relationship with Proterix Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 03/13/2019 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Research Funding relationship with Seer Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 03/13/2019 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Research Funding relationship with Vapotherm Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 03/13/2019 by Thomas Siler, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Advisory Committee Member relationship with AstraZeneca Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 03/12/2019 by Robert Wise, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Advisory Committee Member relationship with AstraZeneca Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 03/12/2019 by Robert Wise, source=Web Response, value=Travel Consultant relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 03/12/2019 by Robert Wise, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Removed 03/12/2019 by Robert Wise, source=Web Response Advisory Committee Member relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 03/11/2019 by Robert Wise, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Advisory Committee Member relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 03/12/2019 by Robert Wise, source=Web Response, value=Travel Advisory Committee Member relationship with Boehringer‐Ingelheim Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 03/12/2019 by Robert Wise, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Advisory Committee Member relationship with Sunovion Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 03/11/2019 by Robert Wise, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Advisory Committee Member relationship with Sunovion Please note: $1‐$1000 Added 03/12/2019 by Robert Wise, source=Web Response, value=Travel Advisory Committee Member relationship with Mylan/Theravance Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 03/11/2019 by Robert Wise, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Advisory Committee Member relationship with Mylan/Theravance Please note: $1‐$1000 Added 03/12/2019 by Robert Wise, source=Web Response, value=Travel Consultant relationship with Contrafect Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 03/11/2019 by Robert Wise, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Consultant relationship with Contrafect Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 03/12/2019 by Robert Wise, source=Web Response, value=Travel Grant/Research Support Recipient relationship with Pearl Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 03/11/2019 by Robert Wise, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Consultant relationship with Merck Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 03/11/2019 by Robert Wise, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Consultant relationship with Merck Please note: $1‐$1000 Added 03/12/2019 by Robert Wise, source=Web Response, value=Travel Consultant relationship with Verona Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 03/11/2019 by Robert Wise, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Consultant relationship with Verona Please note: $1‐$1000 Added 03/12/2019 by Robert Wise, source=Web Response, value=Travel Advisory Committee Member relationship with Novartis Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 03/11/2019 by Robert Wise, source=Web Response, value=Travel Consultant relationship with AbbVie Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 03/11/2019 by Robert Wise, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Consultant relationship with Kiniksa Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 03/11/2019 by Robert Wise, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Consultant relationship with Syneos Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 03/12/2019 by Robert Wise, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee Advisory Committee Member relationship with Regeneron Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 Added 03/11/2019 by Robert Wise, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Advisory Committee Member relationship with Regeneron Please note: $1‐$1000 Added 03/12/2019 by Robert Wise, source=Web Response, value=Travel Grant Recipient relationship with GlaxoSmithKline Please note: $20001 ‐ $100000 Added 03/12/2019 by Robert Wise, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support
 Evaluation of practice pattern of COPD amongst pulmonologists in Algeria;  Background and aim: We aimed to evaluate practice pattern of pulmonologists in Algeria managing COPD patients in their routine practice. Methods: This cross‐sectional, observational survey by questionnaire was carried out with randomly selected 100 pulmonologists consulting in public and/or private hospitals. Results: 57% of pulmonologists consulted at least 5 COPD patients per day (all patients >40‐years; 89.36% being male). All pulmonologists found at the time of diagnosis 70% of COPD patients were smokers. The diagnosis of COPD was done using spirometry along with patient history and clinical features. 48% pulmonologists prioritized patient's symptoms for selecting management options. 77% pulmonologists preferred to prescribe inhalation therapy in every COPD patient. For COPD management, most pulmonologists preferred SABA in GOLD‐A and LAMA+LABA/ICS in both GOLD‐C and D patients. Preference for GOLD‐B was equally distributed for bronchodilators only and ICS containing managements. pMDI with/without spacer was the most preferred device. 56% pulmonologists advised home nebulization to >10% patients, nebulized SABA being the most preferred choice. 61% pulmonologists believed that >70% of their patients had good adherence (>80%) to management. 66% pulmonologists checked patients' inhalation technique on every visit. Most pulmonologists found cost of therapy (36%) and pt's decision to stop treatment while feeling better (33%) were biggest reasons for non‐adherence. Most pulmonologists routinely advised smoking cessation (100%), co‐morbidities management (95%) or offered vaccination (98%) to COPD patients. Conclusion: Pulmonologists in Algeria appear to follow the GOLD recommendations for diagnosis and management of COPD. Further improvements can be achieved by prescribing inhaler therapy to all COPD patients and by giving more emphasis on device training. Adherence can further be improved by increasing awareness on disease and device technique.
 Impact of study duration and discontinuation on the exacerbation risk of patients with moderate-to-very-severe copd;  RATIONALE: A recent randomized trial reported that the number of severe COPD exacerbations was 62% lower after 3‐month treatment with budesonide/formoterol (BUD/FORM) plus tiotropium vs. tiotropium monotherapy.1 This short‐term study had a low overall dropout rate (∼8%) that did not differ between treatment groups. In studies of longer duration, smaller effect differences are reported but a greater number of patients discontinue, especially if randomized to placebo. We hypothesized that longer term studies would show greater effect differences earlier in the study, as differential discontinuation may diminish the true effectiveness of treatment. METHODS: A retrospective analysis of two pooled 12‐month COPD studies was conducted in patients with moderate‐to‐very‐severe COPD with a history of exacerbations.2,3 Patients were randomized to two twice‐daily inhalations of BUD/FORM 160/4.5 μg, BUD 200 μg, FORM 4.5 μg, or placebo; all treatments were delivered by Turbuhaler®. The association between time to first exacerbation (defined as a course of oral steroids prescribed because of exacerbation) and time to study discontinuation was investigated at 3, 6, and 12 months. Both outcomes were analyzed by a Cox‐regression model. RESULTS: A total of 1,834 COPD patients were included. Treatment with BUD/FORM reduced the risk of exacerbation by 51%, 42%, and 32% vs. placebo at 3, 6, and 12 months respectively (all p<0.001; Figure 1). Effects seen with BUD and FORM were better than with placebo, and were greater at 3 months compared with later time points (6 and 12 months). At 3 months BUD and FORM showed a significant (28%) reduction in exacerbations vs. placebo. Lower numbers of treatment discontinuations were consistently associated with shorter study durations and more effective therapy (Figure 2). CONCLUSIONS: BUD/FORM reduced the exacerbation rate by >50% vs. placebo within the first 3‐month treatment in patients with moderate‐to‐very‐severe COPD, supporting the high effect size previously reported in a 3‐month trial.1 Differential discontinuations present a significant problem in COPD, particularly in trials with longer treatment duration, potentially under‐estimating treatment benefits. Appropriately powered shorter studies may give a clear and accurate signal for the effectiveness of treatment on exacerbations, which can then be tested over longer periods for confirmation.
 Complex outcomes of physical training in COPD patients;  Background: Exercise and respiratory training is an important part of COPD patient rehabilitation. It improves physical tolerance and lung function, as well as HR QoL. Aim: To assess the exercise and respiratory training impact on systemic effects in COPD patients. Methods: 52 COPD patients, stage III and IV were randomized in 2 groups. Group 1 (63,9±7,5 yr, 34,6±11,5 pack/yr, FEV136,4±11,0% pred., FEV1/FVC 39,7±8,2%, CRP 10,7±8,4 mg/l, CES‐D 25,9±9,2) received ICS, LABA, tiotropium bromide. Group 2 (64,9±7,8yr, 38,4±5,6 pack/yr, FEV133,8±16,4% pred., FEV1/FVC 41,3±10,8%, CRP 14,1±6,7 mg/l, CES‐D 26,8±8,5) the same therapy + exercise and respiratory training: upper and low limb muscles training + Threshold IMT and PEP. CRP, IL‐1β, IL‐6, TNFα, testosterone, 6MWT, lung function, QoL MOS SF‐36, MRC, CESD‐depression questionnaire (117 points not depression, 18 and more depression) before and after 4 weeks were evaluated. Results: In group 2 there was the significant improvement in lung function (ΔFEV1: 11,1±8,7%, p<0,05), physical tolerance (Δ6MWT: ‐85,3±25,7 m, p<0,01), inflammatory markers: ΔCRP: ‐8,13± 7,6 mg/l, p<0,04, ΔIL‐6: 8,3± 4,4 pkg/ml, p<0,05, ΔIL1: ‐4,1± 4,2 pkg/ml, p<0,16, Δtestosterone: 0,79±0,32 nmol/l, p<0,001, QoL parameters (ΔPF: ‐18,9±8,9%, p<0,001, ΔRP: ‐21,4±7,8%, p<0,05, ΔMH: ‐14,0±6,2%, p<0,001). CES‐D was 9,4± 6,9 points. In the group 1 there was no significant improvement in all parameters. There was no significant changes in TNFα in both group. Correlation: RV/TLC and CES‐D r= 0,70, FEV1/FVC and CES‐D r= 0,44, MH and CES‐D r= 0,72, SF and CES‐D r=0,79. Conclusion: Exercise and respiratory training has an effect on COPD patient systemic effects.
 Systemic inhibition of p38 MAPK improves lung function and inflammatory markers in moderate-severe COPD;  COPD is characterized by inflammation and lung function decline. p38 MAPK inhibition may be an antiinflammatory therapeutic approach to COPD. The efficacy and safety of PH‐797804 (PH), a potent, selective oral p38 inhibitor, was tested in three studies including patients with GOLD stage II/III COPD. Studies were randomized, double‐blind, placebocontrolled, parallelgroup, and of 6‐12 weeks duration; with differing concomitant COPD treatment (PRN short‐acting bronchodilators (SABD); tiotropium (TIO, 18 mg QD); or salmeterol/fluticasone combination (SFC, BID)). PH doses ranged from 0.25‐10 mg QD, with 6 mg being common to all studies. The common primary endpoint was placebo‐adjusted change from baseline in trough FEV1 at end of treatment. TDI, symptoms, and blood inflammatory biomarkers were measured. FEV1 was improved in all studies, which varied with background treatment (Table). Symptoms and TDI were inconsistently improved across studies. Plasma hs‐CRP decreased by 40 to 43% (p<0.05) in all studies. Plasma fibrinogen decreased by 10 to 15% (p<0.05) in the two studies in which it was measured. The most common PH‐associated side effect was rash. A disproportionate incidence of atrial fibrillation (AF) was observed in two studies with no apparent dose‐relationship. PH dose dependently prolonged QTcF interval. In summary, PH improved FEV1 ; decreased systemic anti‐inflammatory biomarkers; and produced adverse events both known (i.e., rash) and not known (i.e., AF and QTc prolongation) to be associated with p38 inhibition. (Table Presented).
 A research study to evaluate the effect of 3 different doses of a new medicine (glycopyrrolate) administered in combination with a licenced medicine (Foster®) in patients with uncontrolled asthma;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: CHF 5259 pMDI Pharmaceutical Form: Pressurised inhalation, solution INN or Proposed INN: GLYCOPYRRONIUM BROMIDE CAS Number: 596‐51‐0 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 12.5‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Pressurised inhalation, solution Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Trade Name: Foster® 100/6 Pharmaceutical Form: Pressurised inhalation, solution INN or Proposed INN: BECLOMETASONE DIPROPIONATE CAS Number: 5534‐09‐8 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 100‐ INN or Proposed INN: FORMOTEROL FUMARATE CAS Number: 43229‐80‐7 Other descriptive name: FORMOTEROL FUMARATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 6‐ Product Name: CHF 5259 pMDI Pharmaceutical Form: Pressurised inhalation, solution INN or Proposed INN: GLYCOPYRRONIUM BROMIDE CAS Number: 596‐51‐0 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 25‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Pressurised inhalation, solution Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use CONDITION: Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] uncontrolled asthma ; MedDRA version: 17.0 Level: PT Classification code 10003553 Term: Asthma System Organ Class: 10038738 ‐ Respiratory, thoracic and mediastinal disorders PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To evaluate the efficacy of a free combination of CHF 5259 (glycopyrrolate bromide [GB]) at 3 dose levels plus Foster 100/6 µg (fixed combination of beclomethasone dipropionate [BDP] plus formoterol [FF]) in a metered dose inhaler by comparison with Foster 100/6 µg in terms of FEV1 AUC0‐12h normalised by time on Day 42. Primary end point(s): FEV1 AUC0‐12h normalised by time on Day 42 (FEV1 AUC0‐12h absolute value / 12 hours) Secondary Objective: Key secondary objective; To evaluate the efficacy of the free combination CHF 5259 plus Foster 100/6 µg by comparison with Foster 100/6 µg in terms of Peak FEV1 on Day 42.; Secondary objectives; To evaluate the effect of the free combination of CHF 5259 plus Foster 100/6 µg on other lung function parameters and on clinical outcome measures.; To assess the safety and the tolerability of the study treatments; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Day 42 SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): Change from Baseline in Peak FEV1 ; Safety (Adverse Events and Adverse Drug Reactions) ; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Day 42 for peak FEV1 and across the study for the safety INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1.Patient’s written informed consent obtained prior to any study‐related procedures. 2.Male or female patients aged =18. 3.Patients with uncontrolled asthma on medium doses of ICS+LABA (>500‐1000 µg daily dose BDP non‐extrafine or equivalent plus formoterol 24 µg or salmeterol 100 µg) at a stable dose for at least 4 weeks prior to screening. Drug* Medium daily dose BDP non‐extrafine >500‐1000 µg BDP extrafine >250‐500 µg Budesonide >400‐800 µg Ciclesonide >160‐320 µg Fluticasone >250‐500 µg Mometasone =400 µg‐<800 µg 4.Patients with a pre‐bronchodilator FEV1 =40% and <80% of their predicted normal value, after appropriate washout from bronchodilators, at screening and at the end of the run‐in period. 5.Patients with a positive response to the reversibility test at screening within 30 minutes after administration of 400 µg of salbutamol pMDI, defined as ?FEV1 =12% and =200mL over baseline. Note: In case the rever
 The effect of standard treatments in COPD patients without maintenance therapy;  INTERVENTION: Maintenance therapy in accordance with Japanese COPD guideline CONDITION: COPD PRIMARY OUTCOME: Change of pulmonary function (trough FEV1 and trough FVC) INCLUSION CRITERIA: Diagnosis of COPD by respiratory specialist. Not receiving of maintenance therapy with LABA, LAMA and ICS Patients who are judged to be included in the study by investigator based on a preliminary clinical examination. Written Informed Consent Form prior to participation in the trial.
 Practice patterns and care gaps according to COPD physician diagnosis in primary care;  Background‐ In Canada, the rate and accuracy of COPD, asthma and asthma COPD overlap detection in primary care is unknown. There is indication‐based framework for inhaled medication selection but we don't know how often primary care deviate from guideline‐indicated treatment. Objectives‐ The objective of this population‐based longitudinal study was to evaluate the undiagnosed and diagnosed COPD, asthma and asthma COPD overlap, the use of the spirometry and the management in primary care in Canada. Methods‐ This study was embedded in the Canadian Cohort Obstructive Lung Disease (CanCOLD) study, an ongoing multi‐center study involving subjects with COPD sampled from the general population, e.i., 1,556 individuals with 832 COPD diagnosed using post‐bronchodilator spirometry according to GOLD criteria. To be included in the study, subjects required to have completed an exacerbation evaluation for at least one year (tel. every 3 months). Diagnosis subsets were divided as followed: i) COPD or asthma not diagnosed by physician; ii) physician diagnosed COPD; iii) physician diagnosed asthma and; iv) physician diagnosed asthma COPD overlap (ACO). Results‐ The study sample included 249 COPD subjects. Sixty percent (60%) of the subjects reported not having a physician diagnosis of COPD and/or asthma, 22% having a physician diagnosed asthma, less than 10% a physician diagnosed COPD and ACO (Table 1). Spirometry was done in only 30% of undiagnosed subjects and 70‐90% in those reporting a physician diagnosed COPD and/or asthma. Abnormal health status and frequent exacerbations were seen mainly in physician diagnosed COPD and ACO. The majority of subjects were followed by a family physician but less than 25% by a respirologist. Influenza vaccine was administered in 60% of undiagnosed subjects and 65‐70% in physician diagnosed COPD and/or asthma. Fifty percent (50%) of physician diagnosed COPD didn't receive any respiratory medication. When subjects were receiving inhaled medications, mainly ICS and ICS/LABA was administered to subjects with physician diagnosed asthma and ACO, and SABD, ICS/LABA and/or LAMA to physician diagnosed COPD. Following subjects over 6 years, prescriptions remained stable overtime for physician diagnosed asthma but changed for subjects with physician diagnosed COPD and ACO, e.i., increased triple therapy (ICS/LABA and LAMA). Conclusion‐The study has identified care gaps having at least half of the subjects with undiagnosed COPD. When subjects had a physician diagnosis, double (ICS/LABA) and triple therapy (ICS/LABA and LAMA) were mainly prescribed even in subjects with physician diagnosed COPD. This abstract is funded by: The CanCOLD study is currently funded by the Canadian Respiratory Research Network (CRRN); industry partners: Astra Zeneca Canada Ltd; Boehringer Ingelheim Canada Ltd; GlaxoSmithKline Canada Ltd; Novartis. Previous funding partners are the CIHR (CIHR/ Rx&D Collaborative Research Program Operating Grants‐ 93326); the Respiratory Health Network of the FRSQ.
 Polyvalent mechanical bacterial lysate in advanced COPD; a randomized controlled trial;  Introduction: COPD exacerbation is a common complication that significantly contributes to the high morbidity, mortality and costs associated with COPD, especially in advanced disease. Bacterial immunostimulation has been advocated as a management strategy in COPD for the purposes of preventing acute exacerbations. Polyvalent Mechanical Bacterial Lysate (PMBL) is believed to nonspecifically increase the immune response or augment innate defense mechanisms. Methods: We conducted a randomized controlled double blinded trial at Respiratory clinic at Teaching Hospital, Kandy. All COPD patients with moderately severe or severe disease staging, presenting during May‐September in 2012 were assessed. Out of them we recruited patients who are stabilized on combined salmeterol/fluticasone and tiotropium inhaler treatment for minimum of three months, not on long‐term oxygen and who had minimum of three infective exacerbations over the precedingone year. They were randomly allocated to treatment or control arms. Treatment arm was givensublingual PMBL daily on first ten days of three successive months. All were followed up for six months. results: We recruited 24 patients to treatment arm and 21 patients to control arm. All were males in the age range of 50‐85 years. In the treatment arm initial COPD Assessment Test (CAT) score was 18.92 +/‐ 0.62 (mean +/‐ SD). At six months mean CAT score was 14.5 +/‐ 2.0. The mean improvement was 4.42 which was non‐significant (p = 0.1050). In the control arm the initial and end mean CAT scores were 20.9 +/‐ 2.12 and 18.09 +/‐ 2.17 respectively. The improvement was 2.81 (p = 0.3603). Both treatment and control groups had a similar number of infective exacerbations requiring antibiotic treatment over the study period. They were 3.58 +/‐ 0.62 and 3.62 +/‐ 0.57 respectively (p = 0.9670). Conclusion: We observed a larger, albeit non‐significant, improvement of CAT score among patients receiving PMBL compared to controls, over a six month follow up. However the study did not demonstrate a reduction in infective exacerbations with PMBL in advanced COPD.
 Effects of Blocking TSLP on Airway Inflammation and the Epithelial Immune-response to Exacerbation Triggers in Patients With COPD;  This is a multicentre, randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, parallel group study to evaluate the effect of tezepelumab on airway inflammation in patients with COPD on LABA+LAMA±ICS with ≥ 1 exacerbation the past 12 months. Approximately 80 subjects will be randomized to receive tezepelumab, or placebo, administered via subcutaneous injection at the study site, over a 20‐week treatment period.
 Large differences in rate of reported and unreported COPD exacerbations in Japanese patients; data from the COSMOS-J trial;  Background: The GOLD strategy proposes a COPD assessment framework based on symptoms and exacerbation risk;this study was conducted in Japanese patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD using a protocol based upon monthly symptom assessment and occurrence of exacerbations (Betsuyaku et al Int J COPD 2013;8:453). Aims: To compare rate of physician‐diagnosed COPD exacerbations (reported events) with unreported events identified using the Exacerbations of Chronic Pulmonary Disease Tool (EXACT). Methods: Patients were randomized to receive 24 weeks treatment with either salmeterol/fluticasone propionate 50/250ug BID or tiotropium 18ug QD and assessed every 4‐weeks. Physician's diagnosis of COPD exacerbations was made independently of any events recorded in the EXACT diary. Event rates were calculated using a negative binomial regression. Results: 406 patients participated; mean FEV1 %predicted 59±13% and COPD assessment test score 12±6 at baseline. Three hundred sixty six subjects (90.1%) completed. Kaplan‐Meier plots for time to first event between reported and unreported events showed differences in cumulative onset; EXACT detected 288 events (175subjects; 1.79/person‐year 95%CI: 1.56‐2.05), whereas physicians reported56 events (49subjects; 0.33/person‐year; 95%CI: 0.24‐0.44) ‐ a 5.5 fold difference (post‐hoc analysis). Six subjects with reported events were admitted to hospital. Conclusion: COPD exacerbations are reported to be relatively infrequent in Japanese patients (Suzuki et al ERJ 2013; 43:1289); this study suggests that under‐reporting by patients or under‐recognition by physicians may be factors contributing to this low rate.
 The effect of inspiratory muscle training on lung hyperinflation in COPD patients;  Background: Lung hyperinflation is one of the major pathological processes of COPD, which leads not only to respiratory failure, but also to the pathology of respiratory muscles. In addition, the systemic effect of COPD includes peripheral muscles weakness. Only medical therapy can not solve this problem. Aim: To study the effect of inspiratory muscle training (IMT) on lung hyperinflation in COPD patients. Methods: 28 COPD severe patients were randomized in 2 groups. Group 1 (17 patients, mean age 62,5±7,2 years) received standard therapy (LAMA/LABA or ICS/LABA+LAMA) and true IMT with inspiratory muscle trainer POWERbreathe. Group 2 (11 patients, mean age 63,5±9,8 yearrs) ‐ the same therapy and unload IMT. Pulmonary Function Testing, 6‐min walking (6MW) test, measurement of maximal inspiratory static mouth pressure (PImax) and expiratory (PEmax) were evaluated at baseline and each 2 weeks at 3 months. Dyspnoea was assessed by Baseline Dyspnoea Index/Transitional Dyspnoea Index scale before and after 3 months. Results: In group 1 there were significant improvements in lung function (ΔFEV1: +9,2±6,0 %pred. (p<0,01), ΔTLC: ‐610,4±102,3 ml (p<0,001), ΔFRC: ‐550,2±98,5 ml, ΔRV: ‐690,6±112,8 ml (p<0,001)), exercise capacity (Δ 6MW distance (6MWD): +75,5±35,7 m (p<0,001)) and dyspnea (TDI +3,3 units). In group 2 there were significant improvements in exercise capacity (Δ6MWD: +16,8±7,6 m (p<0,05)) and dyspnea (TDI: +1,4 units (p<0,05)). Conclusion: In COPD patients inspiratory muscle training significantly improves lung function, exercise capacity and dyspnoea.
 Optimized inhaler therapy is superior to supportive care alone for dyspnea in patients with coexisting COPD and lung cancer;  Background: Breathlessness is a common, debilitating symptom associated with both COPD and lung cancer. Opiates remain the mainstay of treatment for breathlessness in oncology. Method: Lung cancer patients were prospectively enrolled in this single‐center, open‐label, randomized controlled trial. Eligible patients met British Thoracic Society diagnostic criteria for COPD, had a visual analogue score (VAS) dyspnea ≥4 and had other reversible causes for breathlessness excluded. Patients were randomly assigned (1:1) between the intervention arm of salbutamol 100 mcg, 2 puffs QDS and tiotropium 18 mcg OD ± salmeterol 50 mcg/fluticasone 500 mcg 1 puff BD (if FEV1 <50% predicted) in combination with best supportive care (BSC) or to BSC alone (control). Control arm patients could continue on any short‐acting bronchodilators and BSC included oral morphine and/or benzodiazepines. Patients underwent spirometry, 6 minute walk test (6MWT), VAS dyspnea and quality of life questionnaires (QOLQ) at baseline and after 2 and 4 weeks. The primary endpoint was the proportion of patients with ≥2 point improvement in VAS dyspnea at 4 weeks. Result: Among the intention to treat population (n=63), 53 patients (84%) had NSCLC and 10 (16%) had SCLC. The median baseline VAS was 7.1 and the median baseline FEV1 was 1.5L (63% predicted). The primary endpoint response rate (RR) was higher in the intervention group n= 32 [RR: 53% (95%CI 35% to 71%)] than in the control group n= 31 [RR: 26% (95% CI 12% to 45%) p = 0.02]. There were no statistically significant differences between the groups for change in 6MWT or QOLQ between baseline and the 4 week assessments. Conclusion: For patients with co‐existing COPD and lung cancers, VAS dyspnea is significantly improved by the addition of inhaled therapies to best supportive care. This study highlights the importance of diagnosing and treating COPD in all lung cancer patients (Figure Presented). Keywords: breathlessness, inhalers, COPD.
 TRINITY: a phase III study to compare the efficacy and safety of an extrafine triple combination of beclometasone dipropionate (BDP), formoterol fumarate (FF), and glycopyrronium bromide (GB) pMDI (CHF5993) with tiotropium (Tio) and a free triple combination of BDP/FF (Foster®) + Tio in COPD patients;  Introduction: Free triple therapy is commonly used and recommended by guidelines in the treatment of COPD. CHF5993 is a novel fixed dose combination (FDC) of extrafine BDP/FF/GB pMDI developed for the treatment of COPD. Objectives: Primary objective was to show superiority of CHF5993 vs. Tio (via Handihaler®) in terms of moderate/severe COPD exacerbation rate. Key secondary objectives were to show superiority of CHF5993 vs. Tio and non‐ inferiority vs. Foster® (pMDI FDC of BDP/FF) + Tio in pre‐dose FEV1. Methods: In this phase III, double‐blind, 52‐week study, 2691 severe/very severe COPD patients (post‐bronchodilator FEV1<50% predicted) with a history of exacerbations were randomised to receive CHF5993 or Tio or Foster® + Tio. Results: Compared to Tio, CHF5993 significantly reduced the rate of moderate/severe exacerbations by 20% (p=0.003) and improved pre‐dose FEV1by 0.061 L (95% CI: 0.037, 0.086; p<0.001) at Week 52. The non‐inferiority between CHF5993 and Foster® + Tio was demonstrated, with a mean difference in pre‐dose FEV1of ‐0.003 L (95% CI: ‐0.033, 0.027).). CHF5993 and Foster® + Tio also showed a similar effect on moderate/severe exacerbations (rate ratio: 1.013). Treatments were equally safe and well‐tolerated. Conclusion: This study is the first to demonstrate that a novel triple FDC is superior to Tio in reducing exacerbations and improving pulmonary function while providing a comparable clinical efficacy with a free triple combination in COPD patients.
 Blood eosinophil (EOS) count, exacerbation rate and response to roflumilast in patients with severe COPD;  Introduction: Studies suggest that high blood EOS count may be a marker of increased exacerbation risk in COPD patients (pts) with a history of exacerbations. We investigated the effect of blood EOS count on the efficacy of roflumilast (ROF) on COPD exacerbation rate. Methods: A post‐hoc analysis was performed on two trials (REACT [NCT01329029], RE2SPOND [NCT01443845]) in which pts with severe COPD and ≥2 exacerbations in the previous year were randomised to ROF 500μg od or placebo (PBO) added to ICS/LABA±LAMA for 52 weeks. Primary endpoint was rate of moderate or severe COPD exacerbations/pt/year. Exacerbation rates were analysed by baseline EOS cell count strata (<150 and ≥150 cells/mm3). Results: Of 4287 pts, 2146 had an EOS count ≥150 cells/mm3 at entry. ROF reduced moderate or severe exacerbations rates by 19.1% (p=0.002) in pts with EOS ≥150 cells/mm3 and by 3.8% (p=0.605) in pts with EOS <150 cells/mm3 vs PBO (Table). Baseline demographics were balanced across EOS strata, including history of COPD exacerbations and hospitalisation for COPD exacerbation in the year prior. Conclusions: In this post‐hoc analysis, PBO‐treated COPD pts with higher blood baseline EOS counts had more exacerbations. Pts with higher blood baseline EOS counts derived greater benefit from ROF in exacerbation risk reduction compared to PBO.
 Dose response of icenticaftor in patients with COPD and chronic bronchitis on triple inhaled therapy;  Background: CF Transmembrane Conductance Regulator (CFTR) dysfunction disrupts airway homeostasis and is associated with COPD symptom worsening. This Phase 2b dose finding study compared the novel, oral CFTR potentiator icenticaftor (QBW251) in patients with COPD and chronic bronchitis (CB) and history of exacerbations, with placebo, when added to standardized inhaled triple therapy (LABA/LAMA/ICS) using a model‐based approach (NCT04072887). Methods: 974 patients were randomized to 6 BID treatment arms (450mg, 300mg, 150mg, 75mg, 25mg, placebo), in a 24‐week, multi‐centre, parallel‐group, double‐blind study. Primary endpoint was trough FEV change from baseline after 12 weeks. Secondary endpoints included FEV1 , EXACT‐Respiratory Symptoms (E‐RS) total score and E‐RS cough and sputum (C&S) score after 24 weeks. Rescue medication use (RM) after 6 months was an exploratory endpoint. Results: While no dose response in FEV was observed after 12 weeks, it was observed after 24 weeks, for FEV1 , E‐RS C&S and total scores, and RM, with 300mg BID consistently the most effective dose. Consistent improvements for 300 mg BID were also seen in pairwise comparisons for these endpoints (Figure). All treatments were welltolerated. Conclusion: Icenticaftor improved symptoms over 24 weeks with associated improvements in FEV1 , E‐RS total score, and RM in COPD patients with CB on triple therapy. (Figure Presented).
 Evaluating the implementation of the RACE-instrument in asthma and COPD patients with inhaled maintenance therapy;  INTERVENTION: The intervention consists of personal support and tailored care provided by community pharmacists with the RACE‐instrument and its complex multidimensional interventions in consultations with asthma patients or COPD patients who use inhaled maintenance therapy. CONDITION: Asthma and COPD PRIMARY OUTCOME: The primary objective is to evaluate the feasibility and acceptability of the RACE‐instrument with complex multidimensional interventions provided in consultations by community pharmacists in asthma and COPD patients with maintenance inhaler therapy. SECONDARY OUTCOME: As secondary objective the effectiveness of personal support and tailored care provided with the RACE‐instrument and its complex multidimensional interventions by community pharmacists is compared between IG and CG patients regarding number of barriers to self‐management with inhaled maintenance therapy, the achievement of personal goals and disease stability. INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐ = 18 years of age ‐ Being treated for asthma with ICS maintenance therapy or ‐ Being treated for COPD with LAMA or LABA according to dispensing data for these conditions present in the pharmacy information systems. ‐ Able to answer to online questionnaires
 Dose-range Finding Efficacy and Safety Study for QBW251 in COPD Patients;  This study used a 6 treatment arm, parallel‐group, randomized, double‐blind study design. 974 male and female COPD patients were randomized into the trial. The study consisted of four distinct study periods: ‐ Screening (Weeks ‐3 to ‐2): Participants underwent a screening period of 1 week where were assessed for eligibility and tapered off disallowed medications. ‐ Run‐in (Days ‐14 to 1): Subsequently, participants entered the run‐in period of up to 2 weeks to establish baseline values for symptom assessments, to standardize the COPD background therapy (triple combination LABA/LAMA/ICS), and to complete eligibility assessments. ‐ Treatment (Day 1 to Week 24): Eligible participants moved into the Day 1 visit where they were stratified according to their smoking status (current or ex‐smoker) and severity of airflow limitation (FEV1 ≥ 30% to < 50% and ≥ 50% to < 80%) and then randomized into 1 of 6 treatment arms with a randomization ratio of 2:2:1:1:1:2 (450 mg b.i.d., 300 mg b.i.d., 150 mg b.i.d., 75 mg b.i.d., 25 mg b.i.d., placebo). The treatment period consisted of 24 weeks, during which the participant returned to the site for regular visits (Day 1 ‐ Week 24). QBW251 450 mg arm was discontinued early based on a pre‐defined pharmacokinetic exposure stopping rule. ‐ Follow‐up (Weeks 25‐28): Upon completion of the treatment period, participants were followed up for safety assessments for 30 days.
 Effect of roflumilast on exacerbations in patients with severe COPD and a prior history of hospitalization taking combination therapy;  Introduction: Roflumilast (ROF) reduces moderate and severe exacerbations in severe COPD patients at risk of exacerbation, despite ICS/LABA +/‐LAMA therapy. Its effects on severe exacerbations in these patients with a history of hospitalization for COPD exacerbation have not been described. Methods: The REACT study included patients with severe COPD, chronic bronchitis, and at least two exacerbations in the previous year. ROF 500μg once daily or placebo (PBO) was added to ICS/LABA +/‐LAMA for 52 weeks. In this post‐hoc analysis, we used negative binomial regression to estimate severe exacerbation rates (i.e. those leading to hospitalization and/or death) in patients with or without a history of hospitalization for COPD exacerbation. Results: In the overall population (n=1935), 641 patients had a history of hospitalization for COPD exacerbation (ROF: n=322; PBO: n=319); 647 patients in each arm had no history of hospitalization. Patients with a history of hospitalization had a higher proportion of current smokers than patients with no prior hospitalization; other features were similar between groups. In patients with a history of hospitalization, ROF reduced the rate of severe exacerbations by 34.9% (ROF 0.39 vs PBO 0.60; rate ratio 0.65; 95% CI 0.48‐0.89; p<0.01). In patients with no history of hospitalization, the rate reduction was 7.6% (0.17 vs 0.18; 0.92; 0.67‐1.28; p=0.63). Conclusions: ROF reduces the rate of exacerbations leading to rehospitalization and/or death in patients inadequately controlled with ICS/LABA +/‐LAMA with a history of hospitalization for exacerbation. The reduction was higher than in patients with no prior hospitalization.
 The use of high-freguency chest-wall compression therapy for COPD patients;  Background: The high‐freguency chest‐wall compression therapy (HFCCT) application on influences on muscle function. We propose that HFCCT may have an effect on lung function and quality of life in COPD patients. Aim: To assess of HFCCT on airway obstruction, lung hyperinflation, severity of dyspnea and quality of life in COPD patients. Methods: 34 COPD patients were randomized in 2 groups. Group 1 (60,4±8,6 yrs, 34,6±11,6 pack/yrs, FEV1 36,4±11,0 %pred., FEV1/FVC 40,0±10,0 %, MRC 4,0±0,2) received ICS, LABA, tiotropium bromide. Group 2 (66,2±7,0 yrs, 37,6±9,3 pack/yrs, FEV1 48,1±23,6 %pred., FEV1/FVC 45,2±17,4 %, MRC 3,9±0,1) ‐ the same therapy + HFCCT (by The Vest Airway Clearance System). Lung function, QoL MOS SF‐36, MRC ‐ before and after 2 weeks were evaluated. Vest session parameters: frequency 8,5±1,3 Hz, compression 5,4±1,6 bar, time 16,7±3,6 min, 14 sessions. Results: There was a significant improvement in the lung function (ΔFVC 5,0±2,1 %pred., p<0,01, ΔFEV1 8,7±4,9 %pred., p<0,01, ΔPEF 8,2±3,3 %pred., p<0,01, ΔTLC 9,0±4,4 %pred., p<0,05, ΔRV 20,0±3,0 %pred., p<0,01, ΔRV/TLC 5,2±0,2 %, p<0,05), QoL parameters (ΔPF 13,2±2,4 %, p<0,001, ΔRP 18,4±10,5 %, p<0,05, ΔCH 9,1±1,5 %, p<0.05, ΔBP 8,2±0,3 %, p<0,001, Δ RE 27,5±13,6 %, p<0,01) and dyspnea's severity (ΔMRC 1,2±0,1) in group 2. There were not significant improvements in group 1. Conclusion: We suggest that the HFCCT use improves airway obstruction decreases lung hyperinflation, severity of dyspnea and improves quality of life in COPD patients.
 Inhaler errors in COPD: a comparison of using a single inhaler type ellipta inhaler versus multiple inhaler types;  Rationale: The treatment of COPD often requires the use of multiple inhaler types, each of which requires different steps for use thereby increasing the potential for critical errors. Triple therapy comprising ICS/LABA/LAMA is often required to control symptoms in patients with moderate‐tosevere COPD at risk of exacerbations. The ELLIPTA dry powder inhaler can deliver different medicines in a single inhaler type and thereby reduce the potential for critical errors. Critical errors using a single ELLIPTA inhaler compared with dual inhaler combinations were evaluated in patients with COPD. Methods: Patients with COPD (mean age 65 years) were included in a multicenter, randomized, open‐label, placebo‐device, cross‐over study, with a 2x2 complete block design (GSK study 206215/NCT0298218). Patients were assigned to one of the following two sub‐studies: ELLIPTA compared with Diskus® plus Handihaler® or ELLIPTA compared with Turbuhaler® plus Handihaler; all inhalers contained placebo. Patients were receiving inhaled medication for their COPD (ICS/LABA ±LAMA) but were naïve to the ELLIPTA device and the comparator devices in the sub‐study that they participated in. Patients demonstrated the use of each placebo‐containing inhaler after reading the patient information leaflets (PILs), according to the sequence to which they had been randomized. A trained investigator assessed user errors (critical errors and overall errors [any errors, including critical]). A critical error was defined as an error that is most likely to result in no or significantly reduced medication being inhaled. The primary endpoint was the proportion of patients making at least one critical error after reading the PIL(s), analysed using exact logistic regression stratified by participant. Results: After reading the PIL(s), fewer patients made critical errors with the ELLIPTA inhaler, compared with Diskus plus Handihaler and Turbuhaler plus Handihaler (p<0.001 based on odds ratio for each sub‐study comparison) (Table). A smaller proportion of patients made overall errors with the ELLIPTA inhaler, compared with Diskus plus Handihaler and Turbuhaler plus Handihaler (p<0.001 for each sub‐study comparison) (Table). Conclusions: Compared with combination treatment comprising two inhalers, fewer patients with COPD made critical errors in inhaler use after reading the PIL(s) for the single ELLIPTA inhaler. The single ELLIPTA inhaler may therefore be a more beneficial option for the delivery of ICS/LABA/LAMA in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD at risk of exacerbations, compared with the use of dual inhaler combinations. (Table Presented).
 Comparative real-world effectiveness of triple therapy versus dual bronchodilation on lung function decline in frequently exacerbating patients with COPD;  Background. Randomized controlled clinical trials (RCTs) have shown that patients on triple therapy (ICS+LAMA+LABA or TT) have a higher expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) after one year, compared to those using dual bronchodilation (LAMA+LABA or DB). Confirmation of this superiority of TT is needed from real‐world effectiveness (RWE) studies. Aims. We compared the RWE of TT vs DB on long‐term lung function decline among frequently‐exacerbating COPD patients. Methods. A matched historical cohort study was conducted using records from the United Kingdom's Optimum Patient Care Research Database and the Clinical Practice Research Datalink. Included were patients with COPD, ≥40 years of age with ≥2 exacerbations in the prior year and a smoking history who initiated TT or DB from having no maintenance treatment or a LAMA monotherapy between 2003 and 2017. The primary outcome was the mean decline in FEV1 (mL/year) over the follow‐up period (time until the last available FEV1 measurement). The change in FEV1 over time was analysed using a multilevel model for change in propensity‐score matched cohorts. The intercept and slope (rate of decline over time) were modelled as random effects (allowing these to vary between individuals). We used a time‐varying indicator of treatment, representing the last therapy the patient was on in the 120 days preceding each FEV1 measurement. Models were adjusted for age and gender, potential residual confounders, as well as time‐varying cumulative exposure measures for ICS, LAMA and LABA. Results. There were 198 patients initiating DB (median (interquartile range (IQR)) follow‐up time 2.3 (1.5‐4.2) years) matched to 552 initiating TT (3.1 (1.9‐4.6) years). Both had a median of 3 FEV1 measurements during their respective follow‐up time. There were no significant differences in the mean FEV1 at baseline between the treatments. Compared with DB, TT showed on average a smaller decline of 15.2 mL/year (95% CI: ‐2.3;32.8), P=0.089. Age and blood eosinophil count at index date and gender did not modify the effect of treatment on lung function decline significantly. Smoking status at baseline did modify the comparative effectiveness significantly (P=0.044); the difference between TT and DB was 20 mL/year larger in current smokers compared to former smokers. Conclusion. We observed a trend towards reduction of lung function decline with TT compared to DB consistent with the results supporting the efficacy of TT from RCTs, although the difference of 15.2 mL/year between slopes did not reach statistical significance. Results were most prominent in current smokers.
 Once-daily tiotropium as add-on to ICS + LABA for patients with severe symptomatic asthma: baseline characteristics in Japanese patients;  Background and Aim of Study Two international, replicate, double‐blind, parallel‐group studies (NCT00772538, NCT00776984) demonstrated that once‐daily 5 μg tiotropium (via Respimat® Soft MistTM Inhaler) for 48 weeks, as add‐on to ICS + LABA, improves lung function and reduces exacerbation risk in patients with symptomatic asthma. Pre‐planned subgroup analyses were performed in Japanese patients for regulatory purposes. Methods Inclusion criteria: 18‐75 years; asthma diagnosed before age 40 years; asthma for ≥5 years; ACQ‐7 score ≥1.5; post‐bronchodilator FEV1 ≤ 80%; non‐smoker/ex‐smoker (<10 pack‐years); ≥1 exacerbation in previous year; ICS + LABA for ≥4 weeks pre‐screening. Exclusion criterion: COPD/other lung diseases. Co‐primary end points: study medication effect on lung function and exacerbations. Results of 912 randomised patients, 65 were Japanese. A higher proportion of Japanese patients were female (73.8%) and mean BMI (24.0 kg/m2) was lower than in the total study population (60.4% and 28.2 kg/m2, respectively). Mean age (56.5 versus 53.0 years), smoking history (4.5 versus 5.1 packyears) and lung function (FEV1/FVC: 55.2% versus 57.8%) at baseline were comparable between Japanese and total populations. A greater percentage of Japanese patients received oral glucocorticosteroids (41.5%), leukotriene modifiers (66.2%) and omalizumab (15.4%) within 3 months before screening versus total population (16.9%, 22.3% and 3.9%, respectively). In the overall population, tiotropium improved peak and trough FEV1 (trial 1: 86 ± 34 mL and 88 ± 31 mL, respectively; trial 2, 154 ± 32 mL and 111 ± 30 mL, respectively) and time to first severe exacerbation (21% risk reduction; hazard ratio 0.79; P = 0.03) versus placebo. Adverse events were similar across treatment groups within total population. Conclusion Add‐on tiotropium (5 μg) to ICS + LABA can improve lung function and exacerbation rates in patients with severe symptomatic asthma. As expected, some differences at baseline were observed between Japanese and overall study population. Observed variations in concurrent medication before screening between Japanese subset and total population may reflect differences in treatment guidelines.
 Low rate of exacerbations following initiation of LABA/LAMA fixed-dose combinations: an analysis of the DACCORD real life study;  Introduction: The non‐interventional DACCORD study is collecting data from COPD patients recruited in primary and secondary care across Germany. This abstract reports 1‐year data of 3114 patients that received a regimen including a LABA/LAMA fixed dose combination (LLFDC), and of 1113 patients receiving any other COPD maintenance treatment. Methods: Patients were recruited following change or initiation of COPD maintenance medication. Data were collected at baseline and every 3 months including exacerbations and COPD medication use. Results: In the LLFDC‐based therapy group 85.6% of patients received LABA/LAMA‐FDC alone; 9.6% also received ICS. The other treatment group comprised of LABA or LAMA monotherapy (41.9%), triple therapy (23.2%), LABA+LAMA (14.7%), LABA or LAMA +ICS (13.7%). In the 6 months before entry, 76.1% vs 76.6% patients (LLFDC vs other) did not exacerbate. During the one‐year observational period 79.9% and 76.0% did not exacerbate, with a similarly low exacerbation rate in both treatment arms (0.283 [95% CI 0.257, 0.311] and 0.350 [0.305, 0.401]). In patients with no baseline exacerbations, 86.1% vs 83.8% did not exacerbate in the one year follow up compared to 62.6% vs 52.1% patients with at least one exacerbation in the 6 months prior to study entry (LLFDC vs other, p= 0.011). Conclusions: In this population the rate of exacerbations in the LLFDC‐based therapy group was similar to that of the comparator group, in which over 35% of patients received an ICS‐based treatment regimen (vs 9.6% of patients in LLFDC‐group). These data further support the results from randomized clinical trials that demonstrate the efficacy of LABA/LAMA FDCs in COPD.
 Evaluation of practice pattern of COPD amongst physicians of three Asian Countries: a survey in Nepal, Sri Lanka and Malaysia;  Background and Aim: We aimed to understand practice pattern of physicians related to diagnosis and management of COPD in Nepal, Sri Lanka and Malaysia. Methods: This questionnaire‐based, observational, multi‐centre, cross‐sectional survey was carried out with randomly selected 438 physicians consulting COPD patients. Results: 73% of physicians consulted at least 5 COPD patients daily (all patients >40‐years of age). 31.14% of COPD patients who visited their doctors for management were females. 95% physicians found that at least 70% of their patients were smokers. 34% physicians did not routinely use spirometry to diagnose COPD. Most physicians preferred SABA (28%) in GOLD‐A and LAMA+LABA/ICS in both GOLD‐C (40%) and D (73%) patients. A significant number of physicians preferred LABA/LAMA (41%) for their GOLD‐B patients. pMDI with or without spacer was most preferred device. Only 24% physicians believed at least 70% of their patients had good adherence (>80%) to their prescribed inhalation therapy. 54% physicians prescribed inhalation therapy to every COPD patient. 40% physicians evaluated their patients' inhalation technique on every visit. 52% physicians advised home nebulization to >10% patients with nebulized SABA/SAMA being most preferred management choice. Most physicians offered smoking cessation (94%) and/or vaccinations (74%) as non‐pharmacological management whereas, pulmonary rehabilitation was offered by smaller number of physicians. Cost of therapy and poor technique were the most common reasons for non‐adherence to COPD management. Conclusion: Awareness on spirometry could be increased to improve diagnosis of COPD. Awareness about GOLD recommendations for both diagnosis and management need to be increased. Nonpharmacological management strategies were also emphasized equally. Regular device demonstration in each visit can improve the inhalation technique and possibly can increase adherence to the treatment.
 Preference in patients with COPD: a comparison of the single inhaler type ellipta versus dual inhaler combinations;  Rationale: The treatment of COPD often requires the use of multiple inhalers, particularly for triple therapy comprising ICS/LABA/LAMA, which can increase the complexity of inhaler use. The ELLIPTA dry powder inhaler allows the potential to deliver different medicines in a single inhaler type; preference is reported in previous studies. Patient preference for using the single ELLIPTA inhaler compared with dual inhaler combinations was evaluated in patients with COPD. Methods: Patients with COPD (mean age 65 years) were included in a multicenter, randomized, open‐label, placebo‐device, cross‐over study, with a 2x2 complete block design (GSK study 206215/NCT0298218). Patients were assigned to one of the following two sub‐studies: ELLIPTA compared with Diskus® plus Handihaler® or ELLIPTA compared with Turbuhaler® plus Handihaler®; all inhalers contained placebo. Patients were receiving inhaled medication for their COPD (ICS/LABA ±LAMA) but were naïve to the ELLIPTA inhaler and the comparator devices in the sub‐study that they participated in. Patients demonstrated the use of each placebo‐containing inhaler after reading the patient information leaflets (PILs), according to the sequence to which they had been randomized. Patients then completed a preference questionnaire after demonstrating use of all inhalers. Preference for the single ELLIPTA inhaler versus dual inhaler combinations was analyzed using a Cochran‐Mantel‐Haenszel test. The percentage of patients who preferred the ELLIPTA device over the other devices, based on various inhaler attributes, was a secondary endpoint in this study. Results: In each sub‐study, more patients preferred ELLIPTA for taking their COPD medication compared with the comparator combination (Diskus plus Handihaler, sub‐study 1; Turbuhaler plus Handihaler, sub‐study 2). This was statistically significant (p<0.001) for the comparison in each sub‐study (Table). More patients also preferred ELLIPTA based on the number of steps needed to take their COPD medication, compared with the comparator combination (Diskus plus Handihaler, sub‐study 1; Turbuhaler plus Handihaler, sub‐study 2). This was statistically significant (p<0.001) for the comparison in each sub‐study (Table). Conclusions: In summary, compared with combinations of two standard inhalers used for COPD, patients preferred the single ELLIPTA inhaler for taking their COPD medication and based on the number of steps required for use. (Table Presented).
 Glasgow supported self management trial (gsust) for moderate to severe COPD-a description of the patient cohort;  Rationale Exacerbations of COPD are associated with significant morbidity and mortality. Patient self management of exacerbations has previously been studied in smaller studies with some evidence of a reduction in hospital admission. The purpose of this study is to determine the impact of combined case‐ and self‐management on hospital admission rates in patients with COPD in a large randomised controlled trial. This abstract describes the characteristics of recruited patients. Methods Information on biometrics, current COPD therapy, co‐morbidities, previous exacerbations and pulmonary rehabilitation participation were collected by a standardised proforma at recruitment. Results 1407 patients were approached who had been admitted to hospital in Glasgow with an acute exacerbation of COPD from July 2007 ‐ May 2009. 465 patients were recruited. 293 patients (63%) are female. The median age was 69.8 years (range 43.2‐90.5). 283 (61%) live in areas with a Carstairs deprivation category (a scale for measurement of socioeconomic deprivation used in Scotland) of 6 or 7 (the most deprived categories). 181 (39%) were current smokers. The cohort had a median 50 pack years smoking history. The median FEV1 (% predicted) is 39% (range 12‐69). 121 patients (26 %) have moderate COPD, 231 (50%) severe COPD and 112 (24%) very severe COPD (GOLD criteria). The median number of hospital admissions in the preceding 12 months was 2 (range 1‐11) and patients reported a median of 4 courses of both antibiotics (range 0‐30) and oral corticosteroids (range 0‐24) over this period. 427 patients (92%) were receiving combination ICS & LABA therapy and 397 (86%) Tiotropium Bromide, at recruitment. 200 patients (43%) were prescribed nebulised bronchodilators and 179 (39%) were taking theophylline and/or mucolytics. 34 patients (7%) were on Long‐Term Oxygen Therapy. 117 patients (25%) had completed pulmonary rehabilitation within the previous 2 years or were actively involved at baseline. As part of the study protocol, 176 (38%) were referred leaving 172 patients (36%) who refused referral or were unable to attend. Conclusion There are more females and more current smokers in this cohort compared with comparable national data (RCP 2008 audit). The majority have severe or very severe COPD and are resident in highly deprived areas. Disease burden is significant (hospital admissions, length of stay and prior rescue treatment). The majority of patients were receiving evidence based inhaled therapy at the time of recruitment. There is poor uptake of Pulmonary Rehabilitation with a significant proportion of patients declining to participate.
 COPD patients with chronic bronchitis in the southeast climate region of the united states are less likely to be treated with single-agent bronchodilator therapy;  Rationale: COPD patients with chronic bronchitis have worse lung function, reduced exercise capacity, more frequent exacerbations, and increased mortality. Drug treatments for COPD aim to control symptoms, maximize pulmonary function, and reduce exacerbation rates. Current medical treatment recommendations are based on patient symptoms and FEV1. We sought to study the differences in medical therapy used to treat patients with chronic bronchitis at various geographic climate regions across the United States. Methods: We analyzed subjects with chronic bronchitis enrolled in the placebo group of the Azithromycin for the Prevention of Exacerbations of COPD study. Chronic Bronchitis was defined by the presence of both cough and phlegm on the St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire Score (SGRQ) at enrollment. Climate regions were assigned to the ten study sites involved in subject recruitment based on National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) climate analysis and classification system. ANOVA was used for data analysis. All data is expressed as mean ± SD. Results: 252 subjects were evaluated age 64.5± 8.6 years, 64% males, FEV1% 40.6 ± 15.0, 62.7 ± 32.1 pack years and 37% current smokers at baseline. Ten study sites were divided into five NOAA climate regions as follows: Northeast (4 Institutions), Southeast (1 Institution), Upper Midwest (2 Institutions), Southwest (1 Institution) and West (2 Institutions). There was no difference in the number of subjects in each GOLD Stage among geographic climate region (p = 0.1). Subjects in the Southeast were younger in age (60.2 ± 7.5years, p<0.001) and more likely to be current smokers (63% of subjects, p<0.001). At baseline and at 12 month follow‐up, no subjects in the Southeast were treated with single‐agent bronchodilator therapy ICS, LAMA or LABA. Additionally, there were no subjects in the Southeast treated with combination of inhaled LAMA/LABA. There was a statistically significant difference in LAMA only use at baseline with 18% of subjects receiving this therapy in the Upper Midwest (p=0.03). There was no difference in inhaled medical therapy use among geographic climate regions at 12 months study duration. Conclusion: In this cohort of subjects, patients in the Southeast climate region were less likely to be treated with single‐agent bronchodilator therapy ICS, LAMA, LABA or combination of inhaled LAMA/LABA compared to other climate regions in the United States. This may reflect prescribing patterns at different institutions. (Figure Presented).
 Time to achieve correct inhaler use in patients with COPD: a comparison of the single ellipta inhaler with dual inhaler combinations;  Rationale: COPD treatment often requires multiple inhaler types, particularly for triple therapy comprising ICS/LABA/LAMA, each requiring different steps for use and increasing potential for errors. The ELLIPTA dry powder inhaler delivers different medicines in a single inhaler type, reducing the potential for errors. As secondary endpoints, this study compared time to achieve correct inhaler use and number of training steps required with the single ELLIPTA inhaler versus dual inhaler combinations in COPD patients. Methods: COPD patients were included in a multicenter, randomized, open‐label, placebo‐device, cross‐over study, with a 2x2 complete block design. Patients were assigned to one of the following sub‐studies: ELLIPTA compared with Diskus® plus HandiHaler® or ELLIPTA compared with Turbuhaler® plus HandiHaler®; all inhalers contained placebo. Patients were receiving inhaled medication for COPD (ICS/LABA±LAMA) but were naïve to ELLIPTA and both comparator devices in the sub‐study that they participated in. Patients demonstrated use of each placebo‐containing inhaler after reading the patient information leaflets (PILs), according to the sequence to which they had been randomized. If errors were made, patients received instruction from a healthcare professional (HCP); up to two demonstrations were allowed. Total time taken from reading the PIL(s) to patient demonstration of correct inhaler use was recorded and median time to demonstrate correct inhaler use was calculated from Kaplan‐Meier analysis. Data were censored for patients who did not use the inhaler (including either inhaler in the comparator arm) correctly after two HCP instructions. The number of patients who demonstrated and failed to demonstrate correct use of each inhaler was recorded. Results: The median time (minutes) required to demonstrate correct inhaler use was shorter for the ELLIPTA inhaler compared with: Diskus+HandiHaler, 2.68 vs 10.57; Turbuhaler+HandiHaler, 2.58 vs 11.30 (Figure). More patients demonstrated correct use of the ELLIPTA inhaler after reading the PIL(s) compared with: Diskus+HandiHaler, 61/80 (76%) vs 16/80 (20%) patients; Turbuhaler+HandiHaler, 62/79 (78%) vs 16/79 (20%) patients. A small proportion of patients failed to demonstrate correct use of ELLIPTA during sub‐studies 1 (4%) and 2 (1%) compared with Diskus+HandiHaler (8%) and Turbuhaler+Handihaler (6%). Conclusions: COPD patients took less time to demonstrate correct use of the single ELLIPTA inhaler after reading the PIL(s) compared with dual inhaler combinations. ELLIPTA may be advantageous for the delivery of ICS/LABA/LAMA in patients with moderate‐to‐severe COPD at risk of exacerbations, compared with dual inhaler combinations. (Figure Presented).
 Effect of roflumilast on exacerbations in patients with severe COPD and a history of hospitalization receiving inhaled combination therapy: a pooled analysis of two randomized phase 4 studies;  Introduction: Roflumilast is a selective phosphodiesterase‐4 inhibitor that reduces the risk of exacerbations in severe COPD patients with chronic bronchitis and an exacerbation history. The use of roflumilast as add‐on to ICS/LABA ± LAMA in patients with severe COPD was investigated in two Phase 4, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled studies, REACT1 and RE2SPOND.2 We conducted a pooled analysis of these studies to further explore the efficacy of roflumilast in the overall population and in patients with a history of COPD‐related hospitalization. Methods: REACT and RE2SPOND included patients with severe COPD with chronic bronchitis and ≥2 exacerbations in the previous year. Patients were randomized to roflumilast 500 g once daily or placebo added to ICS/LABA ± LAMA for 52 weeks. The primary endpoint was rate of moderate or severe COPD exacerbations per patient per year. We used negative binomial regression to estimate rates of moderate or severe, and severe (those leading to hospitalization and/or death) exacerbations in a pre‐planned analysis of the pooled ITT population of these two studies. Post‐hoc subgroup analysis was also performed based on whether patients had been hospitalized for a COPD exacerbation in the previous year. Results: Of the 4287 patients in the pooled ITT population (roflumilast, n=2147; placebo, n=2140), 1386 had.1 COPD‐related hospitalization in the previous year (roflumilast, n=703; placebo, n=683). In the overall population, roflumilast reduced the rate of moderate or severe exacerbations by 12.3% (1.01 vs 1.16, rate ratio [RR] 0.88, 95%CI 0.80, 0.97, p=0.0086), and severe exacerbations by 16.1% (0.25 vs 0.30, RR 0.84, 95%CI 0.71, 0.99, p=0.0409) vs placebo. In patients with ≥1 prior hospitalization, the rate of moderate or severe exacerbations was reduced by 25.6% with roflumilast vs placebo (1.06 vs 1.43, RR 0.74, 95%CI 0.63, 0.88, p=0.0005) and the rate of severe exacerbations by 29.7% (0.42 vs 0.60, RR 0.70, 95%CI 0.55, 0.89, p=0.0035) (figure). Conclusions: Both REACT and RE2SPOND identified a specific COPD patient phenotype, with a history of ≥1 COPD‐related hospitalization in the prior year, who experienced greatest benefit from roflumilast, and this finding is supported by the pooled analysis of >4000 patients. In this group of patients, roflumilast (on a background of ICS/LABA ± LAMA) substantially decreased the rate of moderate or severe exacerbations, as well as severe exacerbations leading to re‐hospitalization and/or death.
 Ensifentrine Reduced Healthcare Resource Utilization in Subjects With COPD: results From Enhance-2, a Phase 3 Trial of Ensifentrine, a Dual PDE3/4 Inhibitor;  Background: Ensifentrine is a first‐in‐class, inhaled dual inhibitor of phosphodiesterase (PDE)3 and PDE4 with demonstrated bronchodilation and anti‐inflammatory effects in trials of up to 4 weeks. This abstract reports on the effect of ensifentrine on healthcare resource utilization in participants with COPD over 24 weeks. Methods: ENHANCE‐2 was a multi‐center, randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, parallel‐group trial in subjects with moderate to severe COPD (30‐70% predicted normal FEV1), aged 40‐80 years, and symptomatic with mMRC≥2. Subjects completing run‐in and meeting all randomization criteria were randomized 5:3 to receive twice‐daily, nebulized ensifentrine‐3 mg or placebo for 24 weeks. Randomization was stratified by smoking status and use of background COPD medication (LAMA or LABA stable use permitted). Primary endpoint was change from baseline in average FEV1 AUC(0‐12h) post‐dose at Week 12. Healthcare Resource Utilization (HRU, defined as all unscheduled visits to physician office, visits to urgent care, visits to emergency department and hospitalizations for any cause and/or related to COPD) was recorded over 24 weeks. Exacerbation rate and time to first moderate/severe COPD exacerbation over 24 weeks were assessed. Results: 789 subjects were randomized and treated (ensifentrine n=498, placebo n=291). Background LAMA or LABA medication was used in 55% of subjects, including 15% on ICS. The primary endpoint was met. Overall HRU was nominally lower in ensifentrine‐treated (11.8%) vs placebo‐treated (15.1%) subjects, driven by fewer unplanned physician's office visits and hospitalizations in ensifentrine‐treated subjects. Ensifentrine significantly reduced moderate/severe exacerbation rate (rate ratio: 0.57; 95%CI: 0.38, 0.87) and delayed the time to first exacerbation (hazard ratio: 0.58; 95%CI: 0.38, 0.87) compared to placebo. Conclusions: Treatment with twice‐daily, nebulized ensifentrine reduced overall healthcare resource utilization over 24 weeks in subjects with moderate to severe COPD. The reduction in HRU aligns with significant reductions in exacerbation rate also demonstrated with subjects treated with ensifentrine.
 Ensifentrine, a Novel Dual Phosphodiesterase (PDE) 3 and 4 Inhibitor, Significantly Improves COPD Symptoms and Quality of Life in the Phase 3 Enhance-1 Trial;  Ensifentrine is a first‐in‐class, inhaled dual inhibitor of phosphodiesterase (PDE)3 and PDE4 with demonstrated bronchodilation and anti‐inflammatory effects. This abstract reports on the effects of nebulized ensifentrine on symptoms and quality of life in a Phase 3 trial in COPD. ENHANCE‐1 was a multi‐center, randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trial in subjects with symptomatic moderate to severe COPD (30‐70% predicted normal FEV1, aged 40‐80 years, mMRC≥2). Subjects were randomized 5:3 to twice‐daily ensifentrine‐3 mg or placebo for 24‐weeks. A subset of subjects was treated for 48‐weeks (randomized 3:1). Randomization stratified by duration (24 or 48 weeks). smoking status (current, former) and use of background maintenance bronchodila‐tor medication (yes, no: stable use permitted). Primary endpoint was average FEV1 AUC0‐12h at Week 12 (change from baseline). Symptoms (E‐RS) were collected via daily eDiary (weekly mean), and quality of life was assessed via SGRQ at Week 6 (Wk6), 12 (Wk12) and 24 (Wk24).760 subjects were randomized and treated (ensifentrine n=477, placebo=283) with 69% taking background LAMA or LABA, including 21% on concomitant ICS. After 12 weeks, ensifentrine treatment resulted in statistically significant improvement from baseline compared with placebo in average FEV1 AUC0‐12h (87mL, [95% confidence interval: 55, 119], p<0.001). Statistically significant improve‐ments from baseline E‐RS Total Score at each timepoint were observed with ensifentrine treatment vs placebo (Wk6= ‐0.79 [‐1.42, ‐0.16], p=0.015; Wk12= ‐1.37 [‐2.06, ‐0.68], p<0.001; Wk24= ‐1.0 [‐1.7, ‐0.2], p=0.011). There were significantly more responders (≥2 unit improvement) with ensifentrine at Wk12 (Odds Ratio [OR]=2.17 [1.55, 3.04], p<0.001) and Wk24 (OR=1.41 [1.01, 1.97], p=0.042). Sub‐domain scores (Breathlessness, Cough and Sputum, Chest Symptoms) were also improved vs pla‐cebo at each timepoint. Similarly, SGRQ Total Score was significantly improved with significantly more responders (≥4 unit improvement) vs placebo at all timepoints [Wk6 OR=1.43 [1.03, 1.97], p=0.032; Wk12 OR=1.76 [1.27, 2.44], p<0.001; Wk24 OR=1.49 [1.07, 2.07], p=0.019). Significant im‐provements at each timepoint in Symptoms sub‐domain score were observed vs placebo (Wk6= ‐4.58 [‐6.96, ‐2.21]; Wk12= ‐6.84 [‐9.29, ‐4.40]; Wk24= ‐4.63 [‐7.33, ‐ 1.93]; all p<0.001). Activity and Impacts sub‐domain scores were consistently improved with ensifentrine treatment vs placebo as well. Ensifentrine produced significant and clinically important improvements in COPD symptoms and quality of life over 24 weeks of twice daily dosing in subjects with symptomatic, moderate to severe COPD, including 69% of subjects taking concomitant long‐acting maintenance therapy. Improve‐ments favoring ensifentrine were evident across all E‐RS and SGRQ subdomains at all weeks as‐sessed.
 Efficacy and safety of revefenacin (REV), a long-acting muscarinic antagonist for nebulization: results of replicate randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallelgroup phase 3 trials in participants with moderate to very severe COPD;  Rationale: Prior studies demonstrated that once‐daily REV doses of 88 & 175μg produced significant bronchodilation in COPD patients. We report the results of replicate phase 3 efficacy trials. Methods: In these 12‐wk trials (NCT02459080, NCT02512510), 1255 subjects with COPD received nebulized REV 88μg (n=428), 175μg (n=425), or PBO (n=402). The primary endpoint (EP) was 24‐h trough FEV change from baseline to day 85. Secondary EPs included peak FEV change from baseline to day 1. Labs, ECGs, and AEs were collected. Concomitant LABA or ICS/LABA therapy was allowed in 40% of subjects. Results: Baseline demographics (age 64 y; 50% male; 49% current smokers) and spirometry (post‐BD FEV 54%, 1.32L) were similar across groups. Table 1 shows efficacy EPs. AEs (Table 2) and SAEs were similar across treatment groups. No significant findings in labs or ECGs were seen. Conclusion: Once daily nebulized revefenacin at 88 and 175μg appeared well tolerated. Improvements in trough and peak FEV were clinically and statistically significant. A 12‐mo study (NCT02518139) is ongoing. (Figure Presented).
 TRILOGY: a phase III study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of an extrafine triple combination of beclometasone dipropionate (BDP), formoterol fumarate (FF), and glycopyrronium bromide (GB) pMDI (CHF5993) in COPD patients;  Introduction: Free triple therapy is commonly used in COPD. CHF5993 is a novel fixed dose triple combination (FDC) of extrafine BDP/FF/GB delivered via a pMDI. Main Objectives: To demonstrate the superiority of CHF5993 vs. Foster® (a marketed pMDI FDC of BDP/FF) in pre‐dose and 2‐hour post‐dose FEV1 and Transition Dyspnoea Index (TDI) score at Week 26 (co‐primary endpoints), to evaluate the effect on COPD exacerbations over 52 weeks and to assess safety and tolerability. Methods: In this phase III, double‐blind, 52‐week study, 1368 severe/very severe COPD patients (post‐bronchodilator FEV1 <50% predicted) with a history of exacerbations were randomised to receive either CHF5993 or Foster®. Results: CHF5993 improved pre‐dose FEV1 by 0.081 L (95% CI: 0.052, 0.109; p<0.001) and 2‐hour post‐dose FEV1 by 0.117 L (95% CI: 0.086, 0.147; p<0.001) compared to Foster®. Both treatments led to a clinically significant improvement of TDI, although their difference did not reach statistical significance. However, a greater percentage of responders (patients with TDI score ≥1) was observed with CHF5993 vs. Foster® at Week 26 (p=0.027). CHF5993 significantly reduced the moderate/severe exacerbation rate by 23% compared to Foster® (p=0.005). Treatments were safe and well tolerated with a comparably low incidence of pneumonias of approximately 3%. Conclusion: This study demonstrated that a novel triple FDC is superior to an approved double FDC treatment in terms of lung function and reduction of exacerbations in severe/very severe COPD patients at risk for exacerbations.
 Ensifentrine, a Novel Dual Phosphodiesterase (PDE) 3 and 4 Inhibitor, Improves Lung Function, Symptoms, Quality of Life and Reduces Exacerbation Rate and Risk in the Enhance-1 Phase 3 Trial of Ensifentrine in COPD;  Ensifentrine is a first‐in‐class, inhaled dual inhibitor of phosphodiesterase (PDE)3 and PDE4 with demonstrated bronchodilation and anti‐inflammatory effects. This abstract reports on results in ENHANCE‐ 1, a Phase 3 study of nebulized ensifentrine in COPD. ENHANCE‐1 was a multi‐center, randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trial in subjects with symptomatic moderate to severe COPD (30‐70% predicted normal FEV1, aged 40‐80 years, mMRC≥2). Subjects were randomized 5:3 to twice‐daily ensifentrine‐3 mg or placebo for 24 weeks. A subset of subjects were treated for 48 weeks (randomized 3:1). Randomization stratified by duration (24 or 48 weeks), smoking status (current, former) and use of background maintenance bronchodila‐tor medication (yes, no: stable use permitted). Serial spirometry assessed pre‐ and post‐dose (Day 1 and Weeks 6, 12, 24). Primary endpoint was average FEV1 AUC0‐12h at Week 12 (change from base‐line). Symptoms (E‐RS) were collected via daily eDiary, and quality of life was assessed via SGRQ at Week 6, 12 and 24. Frequency of and time to first moderate/severe exacerbations assessed over 24 weeks and 48 weeks. Adverse events assessed throughout participation after first dose of study medication.760 subjects were randomized and treated (ensifentrine n=477, placebo = 283) with 69% taking back‐ground LAMA or LABA, including 21% on concomitant ICS. A total of 370 subjects were enrolled into the 48‐week stratum. At Week 12, ensifentrine treatment resulted in statistically significant improve‐ment from baseline compared with placebo in: average FEV1 AUC0‐12h (87mL [95% confidence inter‐val: 55, 119], p<0.001), peak FEV1 over 4 hours (147mL [111, 183], p<0.001), morning trough FEV1 (35mL [1, 68], p=0.041), and evening trough (58mL [24, 92], p<0.001). At Week 24, ensifentrine demonstrated statistically significant improvements from baseline vs placebo in total scores for E‐RS (‐1.0 [‐1.7, ‐0.2], p=0.011) and SGRQ (‐2.3 [‐4.3, ‐0.3], p=0.025). Ensifentrine substantially reduced annualized event rate of moderate/severe exacerbations and showed longer time to first event vs placebo over 24 and 48 weeks (24‐week rate ratio [RR]=0.64 [0.40, 1.00], p=0.050; 48‐week RR=0.56 [0.32, 1.00], p=0.052); 24‐week hazard ratio [HR]=0.62 [0.39, 0.97], p=0.038; 48‐week HR=0.48 [0.28, 0.82], p=0.007). Incidence of adverse events was low in both treatment groups. No patterns of seri‐ous events associated with ensifentrine were evident.Ensifentrine produced clinically important improvements in lung function over 24 weeks in sympto‐matic subjects with moderate/severe COPD. Ensifentrine substantially reduced the rate and time to risk of moderate/severe COPD exacerbations both by 36% and 38% (24 weeks) and by 44% and 52%, respectively (48 weeks).
 Ensifentrine, a Novel Dual Phosphodiesterase (PDE) 3 and 4 Inhibitor, Improves Lung Function, Symptoms, Quality of Life and Reduces Exacerbation Rate and Risk in Patients With COPD: results From Replicate Phase 3 Trials;  Ensifentrine is a first‐in‐class, inhaled dual inhibitor of phosphodiesterase (PDE)3 and PDE4 with demonstrated bronchodilation and anti‐inflammatory effects. This abstract reports on ENHANCE‐1 (NCT04535986) and ENHANCE‐2 (NCT04542057), two replicate Phase 3 trials of nebulized ensifentrine in COPD. Two Phase 3, 24‐week, multi‐center, randomized, double‐blind, placebocontrolled trials to evaluate nebulized ensifentrine‐3mg twice‐daily (BID) compared to placebo in subjects aged 40‐80 years with symptomatic moderate to severe COPD (post‐bronchodilator FEV1 30‐70% predicted, FEV1/FVC ratio ≤0.7, >2mMRC, and smoking history >10 pack‐years. ENHANCE‐1 included a 48‐week safety subset (randomized 3:1). Stable background maintenance bronchodilator medication was permitted (LABA or LAMA ±ICS). Primary endpoint was change from baseline to Week 12 average FEV1 AUC0‐12h. Key secondary endpoints included: change from baseline to Week 12 peak FEV1 and morning trough FEV1 and Week 24 symptoms (E‐RS Total Score) and SGRQ Total Score. Other endpoints included annualized rate and time to first moderate/severe COPD exacerbation and safety measures.760 and 789 subjects were randomized and treated in ENHANCE‐1 and ENHANCE‐2, respectively. The primary endpoint was met in both trials. Treatment with ensifentrine significantly improved Week 12 average FEV1 AUC0‐ 12h vs placebo (ENHANCE‐1=87mL [95% confidence interval 55, 119]; ENHANCE‐2=94mL [65, 124]; both p<0.001). Significant improvements vs placebo were observed in both trials for the change from baseline to Week 12 peak FEV1 and morning trough FEV1. After 24 weeks, improvements in E‐RS and SGRQ Total Scores were observed vs placebo in both trials and reached statistical significance in ENHANCE‐1 (E‐RS= ‐1.0 [‐1.7, ‐0.2], p=0.011; SGRQ= ‐2.3 [‐ 4.3, ‐0.29], p=0.025). Ensifentrine substantially reduced annualized rate of moderate/severe exacerbations in both trials vs placebo over 24 weeks (ENHANCE‐1‐RR= 0.64 [0.40, 1.00], p=0.050; ENHANCE‐2‐RR= 0.57 [0.38, 0.87], p=0.009) and delayed time to first exacerbation compared to placebo (ENHANCE‐1‐HR= 0.62 [0.39, 0.97], p=0.038; ENHANCE‐2‐HR= 0.58 [0.38, 0.87], p=0.009). Adverse event rates were low in both studies with no safety signals associated with ensifentrine treatment. The ENHANCE program demonstrates replicate evidence of efficacy and safety over 24 weeks with ensifentrine treatment in subjects with moderate/severe symptomatic COPD. Ensifentrine was well tolerated and produced clinically important and consistent improvements in lung function, symptoms, QoL and moderate/severe exacerbation rate and instant risk in both trials. The reduction in exacerbation rate and time‐to‐first in ENHANCE‐1 and ENHANCE‐2 (rate: 36% and 43%; risk: 38% and 42%, respectively) was consistent across the trials.
 Ensifentrine, a Dual Inhibitor of PDE3 and PDE4, Reduces the Risk of Exacerbation Regardless of Background Medication Use: a Sub-group Analysis of ENHANCE-2, a Phase 3 Trial;  Background: Ensifentrine is a first‐in‐class, inhaled dual inhibitor of phosphodiesterase (PDE)3 and PDE4 with demonstrated bronchodilation and anti‐inflammatory effects in trials of up to 4 weeks. This abstract reports on the effect of ensifentrine added to stable, concomitant LAMA or LABA+/‐ ICS background therapy in subjects with COPD. Methods: ENHANCE‐2 was a multi‐center, randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, parallel‐group trial in subjects with moderate to severe COPD (30‐70% predicted normal FEV1), aged 40‐80 years, and symptomatic with mMRC≥2. Subjects were randomized 5:3 to receive twice‐daily, nebulized ensifentrine‐3 mg or placebo for 24 weeks. Randomization was stratified by smoking status and use of background maintenance COPD bronchodilator medication (stable use permitted). Serial spirometry was assessed pre‐ and post‐dose at Day 1 and Weeks 6, 12 and 24. Primary endpoint was average FEV1 AUC(0‐12h) post‐dose at Week 12. Secondary endpoints were change from baseline in Week 12 average FEV1 AUC(0‐4h), peak FEV1 over 4 hours and pre‐dose morning trough FEV1. The rate of moderate/severe exacerbations and time to first were examined over 24 weeks. Results: 789 subjects were randomized and treated (ensifentrine n=498, placebo n=291). Background COPD medication (LAMA + ICS or LABA + ICS) was used in 55% of subjects (ensifentrine n=275, placebo n=160). No background COPD medication was present in 45% of subjects (ensifentrine n=223, placebo n=131). Ensifentrine‐treated subjects with or without concomitant background COPD medication had significantly improved average FEV1 AUC(0‐12h) by 76 mL (95%CI: 39, 114; p<0.0001) and 115 mL (95%CI: 69, 161, p<0.001), respectively, at Week 12. Statistically significant improvements were observed in Week 12 average FEV1 AUC(0‐ 4h), peak FEV1 over 4 hours and morning trough FEV1 in both subgroups, with or without background COPD medication. Ensifentrine use resulted in numerically reduced exacerbation rates in both groups (With background use rate ratio [RR]: 0.55, 95%CI: 0.32, 0.96, p=0.035; Without background use RR: 0.60, 95%CI: 0.32, 1.14, p=0.117) compared to placebo. The time to first moderate/severe exacerbation was also delayed in both subgroups (With background use hazard ratio [HR]: 0.51, 95%CI: 0.29, 0.89, p=0.017; Without background use HR: 0.69, 95%CI: 0.37, 1.29, p=0.244). Conclusion: Ensifentrine significantly improved lung function and reduced exacerbation rate and risk compared to placebo in subjects taking concomitant background LAMA or LABA (+/‐ ICS) and in subjects taking no background therapy.
 Bronchodilator Properties and Safety in Asthma;  Recent large clinical studies have demonstrated the interest of LAMA therapy in the management of asthma, when compared to LABA. V0162 is a compound with a very long lasting bronchodilator effect when compared to reference treatment in non‐clinical models and in COPD patients. Secondary properties of V0162 (i.e.H1/H4 and PDE IV‐inhibition) could enhance the efficacy of this antimuscarinic compound and could bring option in the treatment obstructive lung disease. The objective of the study is to assess the bronchodilator properties of V0162 during 8 days in adult patients with asthma usually treated with ICS and LABA. The study is a randomised, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, 3‐period crossover, preceded by an open‐label active‐control period before randomisation.
 Cardiovascular safety of extrafine single inhaler triple combination of beclometasone dipropionate, formoterol fumarate, and glycopyrronium bromide in COPD: results of safety analysis from the trilogy and trinity studies;  Rationale: COPD often coexists with other chronic diseases that can contribute to patients' health status and prognosis. In particular, patients with COPD are at greater risk of cardiovascular disease compared with age‐ and sex‐matched controls. Methods: Two 52‐week multicenter, randomized, double‐blind, active‐controlled studies recruited patients with symptomatic COPD, severe to very severe airflow limitation, and an exacerbation history. In TRILOGY, patients were randomized (1:1) to an extrafine fixed triple combination of beclometasone dipropionate, formoterol fumarate, and glycopyrronium bromide (BDP/FF/GB; 100/6/12.5 μg, two actuations twice daily [BID] via pressurized metered dose inhaler [pMDI]; 'fixed triple') or an extrafine fixed combination of BDP/FF (100/6 μg, two actuations BID via pMDI; Foster®) (Singh et al. Lancet 2016; 388: 963‐73). In TRINITY patients were randomized 2:2:1 to BDP/FF/GB, tiotropium (18 μg once daily via single‐dose dry powder inhaler [SDDPI]), or BDP/FF+tiotropium: loose triple (Vestbo et al. ERJ 2016; 48: Suppl. 60. OA1972). In this analysis, we evaluated the occurrence of Major Adverse Cardiovascular Events (MACEs). MACEs included acute myocardial infarction, stroke, cardiovascular death, arrhythmias, and heart failure. Results: MACE incidence and rate in the two BDP/FF/GB groups was similar to the BDP/FF and tiotropium groups (Table 1). The majority of reported MACEs were severe in intensity, with a slightly higher percentage of fatal events in the Tiotropium only group. Importantly, in patients with relevant concomitant cardiovascular diseases, the trend was similar to that seen in the overall populations. None of the other subgroup analyses (by age, spacer use and gender) highlighted relevant differences in the safety profiles compared with the overall population. Conclusions: These results provide further reassurance that the additional clinical benefits of this extrafine fixed triple compared to standard treatment are not associated with a greater impact on the cardiovascular safety in severe to very severe COPD patients, further supporting its positive benefit/risk ratio.Importantly, the presence of concomitant cardiac comorbidities did not influence the rate of cardiovascular events. (Figure presented).
 Appropriate Inhaler Use of Tiotropium as add-on Therapy in Symptomatic Asthma;  1. The clinical efficacy of tiotropium as add‐on treatment to ICS with a LABA have been demonstrated in clinical trials in adult patients with symptomatic asthma. 2. Certain patients of daily care, like patients with smoking asthma, late onset asthma or asthma with chronic airway obstruction are often excluded from clinical trials. 3. Studies have shown the cognitive function of patients with COPD is impaired. When mixed types of inhaler devices are prescribed, the multiple steps of different devices may ensure complexity and confusion for patients, which may compromise the efficacy of add‐on therapy. The inhaler error of add‐on tiotropium treatment in real‐world asthma treatment is unknown. 4. The improvement of step errors after varieties of teaching intervention is around 30 50%. Strategy of recheck inhaler technique recommended by the treatment guideline may optimized inhaler use. (https://ginasthma.org/gina‐reports/). 5. Factors like responseness of short‐acting bronchodilators and cholinergic tone have been reported as predictors of a positive clinical response of add‐on tiotropium. However, more specific physiological or inflammatory factors. e.g. exhaled nitric oxide test (FeNo), and para symptomatic function and cardiac‐pulmonary interaction have not been evaluated prospectively. 6. This pragmatic, two‐arm, randomized controlled trial study aim to survey the inhaler errors of add‐on tiotropium therapy with ICS+LABA in real‐world practice of asthma patients and the efficacy of recheck stratage of inhaler skills. Patient characteristics and inflammatory features will be evaluated prospectively for association of asthma control by add‐on tiotropium.
 Efficacy and safety of extrafine glycopyrronium bromide pMDI (CHF 5259) in COPD patients;  Introduction: CHF 5259 pMDI is an extrafine formulation of Glycopyrronium Bromide (GB; 12.5 μg/actuation) to be combined with a fixed dose combination of Beclometasone Dipropionate and Formoterol Fumarate (Foster® 100/6 μg/actuation)as a two inhalations b.i.d. treatment in asthma and COPD. Main Objectives: To demonstrate the superiority of CHF 5259 pMDI vs. placebo in pre‐dose morning FEV1and to assess safety and tolerability. Methods: Double‐blind, randomised, 2‐way crossover, placebo‐controlled study. One hundred moderate/very severe COPD patients were randomised to receive either GB 12.5 μg 2 puffs b.i.d. or placebo over 4 weeks, with a 1‐week wash‐out period. The primary efficacy variable was change from baseline in pre‐dose morning FEV1 on Day 28. The key secondary efficacy variable was FEV1 AUC0‐12h on Day 28. TDI and SGRQ score at Day 28 were included as secondary variables. Results: Pre‐dose morning FEV1 on Day 28 was higher in the treated group compared to placebo, with an adjusted mean difference (95% CI) between treatments of 0.088 L (0.039; 0.137) (p<0.001). Treatment with CHF 5259 pMDI also resulted in significant improvements in FEV1 AUC0‐12h on Day 28, with an adjusted mean difference of 0.121 L (0.079; 0.162) (p<0.001). TDI focal score and SGRQ total score on Day 28 significantly improved with CHF 5259 pMDI (adjusted mean difference vs placebo [95% CI] 0.84 [0.21; 1.47]; p= 0.010 and ‐2.15 [‐4.08; ‐0.23]; p= 0.029 respectively). Safety profile was comparable to placebo. Conclusion: CHF 5259 pMDI provides superior clinical benefits compared to placebo in COPD patients with moderate/very severe lung function impairment over 4 weeks of treatment with a good safety profile.
 Once-daily tiotropium respimat reduces risk of severe asthma exacerbation and asthma worsening in symptomatic asthma, independent of allergic and inflammatory status;  PURPOSE: To explore whether tiotropium Respimat® add‐on to at least ICS is effective in the T helper 2 phenotype, determined by high serum immunoglobulin E (IgE) and blood eosinophil values, in reducing risk of severe asthma exacerbation and asthma worsening in adult patients with moderate to severe symptomatic asthma. METHODS: Four Phase III, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, parallel‐group trials: PrimoTinA‐asthma® (two 48‐week trials; NCT00776984/NCT00772538; n=912): tiotropium Respimat® 5 μg or placebo Respimat® add‐on to high‐dose ICS + LABA; MezzoTinA‐asthma® (two 24‐week trials; NCT01172808/NCT01172821; n=2100): tiotropium Respimat® 5 μg, tiotropium Respimat® 2.5 μg, or placebo add‐on to medium‐dose ICS. Patients had symptomatic asthma requiring treatment with at least ICS for ≥4 weeks before screening. COPD was excluded. Subgroups of allergic and inflammatory status (IgE and eosinophils) were used to analyze risk of severe exacerbation and asthma worsening, post hoc. Cox regression modeling analyses, adjusted for treatment, IgE or eosinophils and treatment by IgE or eosinophil interaction, were applied to calculate hazard ratios and 95% confidence intervals across IgE (2‐2000 μg/L) and eosinophil (0.057.00×109/L) values. RESULTS: Severe exacerbation: in PrimoTinA‐asthma®, tiotropium Respimat® 5 μg reduced risk in terms of hazard ratio versus placebo Respimat® up to an IgE level of ∼1000 μg/L, and consistently across all eosinophil values. In MezzoTinA‐asthma®, tiotropium Respimat® 5 μg and 2.5 μg reduced risk versus placebo consistently across all IgE and eosinophil levels. Asthma worsening: in PrimoTinA‐asthma®, tiotropium Respimat® 5 μg reduced risk in terms of hazard ratio versus placebo Respimat®, independent of IgE and eosinophils. In MezzoTinA‐asthma®, tiotropium Respimat®, 5 μg reduced risk versus placebo across all IgE and eosinophil values. Tiotropium Respimat® 2.5 μg reduced risk versus placebo across all IgE values and at eosinophil values <3.00×109/L. CONCLUSIONS: Tiotropium Respimat® add‐on to ICS ± LABA reduces risk of severe exacerbation and asthma worsening in patients across severities of symptomatic asthma and a broad range of IgE and eosinophil values, suggesting efficacy independent of underlying allergic/eosinophilic inflammation. CLINICAL IMPLICATIONS: Once‐daily tiotropium Respimat® may have potential as add‐on to at least ICS maintenance therapy in patients with symptomatic asthma, independent of T helper 2 phenotype. CLINICAL IMPLICATIONS: Once‐daily tiotropium Respimat® may have potential as add‐on to at least ICS maintenance therapy in patients with symptomatic asthma, independent of T helper 2 phenotype.
 Ensifentrine, a Novel Dual Phosphodiesterase (PDE) 3 and 4 Inhibitor, Improves Lung Function and Reduces Exacerbation Rate and Risk in Phase 3 Enhance-2 Trial;  Background: Ensifentrine is a first‐in‐class, inhaled dual inhibitor of phosphodiesterase (PDE)3 and PDE4 with demonstrated bronchodilation and anti‐inflammatory effects in trials of up to 4 weeks. This abstract reports on the primary results in the first completed Phase 3 study of ensifentrine in COPD. Methods: ENHANCE‐2 was a multi‐center, randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, parallel‐group trial in subjects with moderate to severe COPD (30‐70% post‐bronchodilator predicted normal FEV1), aged 40‐80 years, and symptomatic with mMRC≥2. Subjects meeting all randomization criteria were randomized 5:3 to receive twice‐daily, nebulized ensifentrine‐3 mg or placebo for 24 weeks. Randomization stratified by smoking status and use of background maintenance bronchodilator medication (stable use permitted). Serial spirometry assessed preand post‐dose at Day 1 and Weeks 6, 12 and 24. Primary endpoint was average FEV1 AUC(0‐12h) post‐dose at Week 12. Symptoms (E‐RS) were collected via daily eDiary, and quality of life was assessed via SGRQ at Week 6, 12 and 24. Frequency of/time to first moderate/severe exacerbations assessed over 24 weeks. Adverse events assessed throughout participation after first dose of study medication. Results: 789 subjects were randomized and treated (ensifentrine n=498, placebo n=291). 55% of subjects were taking concomitant background LAMA or LABA therapy, including 15% on concomitant ICS. At Week 12, ensifentrine treatment resulted in statistically significant improvement from baseline in average FEV1 AUC0‐12h (94mL; 95%CI: 65, 124; p<0.001), peak FEV1 over 4 hours (146mL; 95%CI: 113, 179; p<0.001) and morning trough FEV1 (49mL; 95%CI: 19, 80, p=0.002) compared with placebo. Improvements in symptoms and quality of life from baseline were demonstrated with ensifentrine but were not statistically significant vs placebo at Week 24 due to large improvements in the placebo group. Treatment with ensifentrine significantly reduced annualized event rate of exacerbations (ratio ratio=0.57; 95%CI: 0.38, 0.87, p=0.009) and delayed the time to first exacerbation (hazard ratio=0.58; 95%CI 0.38, 0.87, p=0.009) compared with placebo. Ensifentrine was well tolerated over 24 weeks. Incidence of adverse events, including cardiac and gastrointestinal disorders were similar to placebo group. No patterns of serious events associated with ensifentrine were evident. Conclusions: Ensifentrine produced clinically important improvements in lung function over 24 weeks of twice daily dosing in COPD patients who remained symptomatic and with impaired lung function. Exacerbation frequency and risk was significantly reduced with ensifentrine compared to placebo. Ensifentrine was well tolerated with AEs occurring similar in proportion to placebo.
 ENSIFENTRINE, A NOVEL DUAL PHOSPHODIESTERASE (PDE) 3 AND 4 INHIBITOR, REDUCES EXACERBATION RATE AND RISK REGARDLESS OF EXACERBATION HISTORY IN POOLED ENHANCE TRIAL ANALYSES;  SESSION TITLE: Latest Advances in Management of Obstructive Lung Disease SESSION TYPE: Rapid Fire Original Inv PRESENTED ON: 10/09/2023 12:00 pm ‐ 12:45 pm PURPOSE: Ensifentrine is a first‐in‐class, inhaled dual inhibitor of phosphodiesterase (PDE)3 and PDE4 with demonstrated bronchodilation and anti‐inflammatory effects. METHODS: Two Phase 3, 24‐week, multi‐center, randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trials were performed to evaluate nebulized ensifentrine‐3mg twice‐daily (BID) compared to placebo in subjects aged 40‐80 years with symptomatic moderate to severe COPD (post‐bronchodilator FEV1 30–70% predicted, FEV1/FVC ratio <0.7, ≥2 mMRC, and smoking history ≥10 pack‐years. Stable background maintenance bronchodilator medication was permitted (LABA or LAMA, ±ICS). Primary endpoint was change from baseline to Week 12 average FEV1 AUC0‐12h. Other endpoints included annualized rate and time to first moderate/severe COPD exacerbation. A post‐hoc sub‐group analysis was completed for subjects with (W‐EXAC) or without (WO‐EXAC) a COPD exacerbation within 15 months of screening. RESULTS: 1549 subjects were randomized and treated in the ENHANCE trials, (ensifentrine n=975; placebo n=574). 23% of subjects (ensifentrine n=220; placebo n=136) were included in the W‐EXAC subgroup. Within the W‐EXAC subgroup, 87% of ensifentrine‐treated and 83% of placebo‐treated subjects were reported to have chronic bronchitis (WO‐EXAC subgroup had 68% and 67%, respectively). The W‐EXAC subgroup included 54% of ensifentrine‐treated and 51% of placebo‐treated subjects with severe COPD (WO‐EXAC subgroup had 39% and 45%, respectively). Over 24 weeks in the W‐EXAC subgroup there were 32 exacerbations (annualized event rate 0.36) in ensifentrine‐treated and 29 (annualized event rate 0.51) in the placebo‐treated subjects. In the WO‐EXAC subgroup, the annualized event rates were lower in both ensifentrine‐treated and placebo‐treated subjects. The magnitude of reduction in exacerbation rate and risk (measured by time to first event) was similar in both subgroups and consistent with the primary analysis (W‐EXAC rate ratio [RR]: 0.70 [95% CI: 0.43, 1.17]; WO‐EXAC RR: 0.57 [95% CI: 0.39, 0.84]; W‐EXAC hazard ratio [HR]: 0.69 [95% CI: 0.41, 1.18]; WO‐EXAC HR: 0.57 [95% CI: 0.39, 0.83]). CONCLUSIONS: The ENHANCE studies were designed to enroll a broad population of moderate to severe COPD patients, and exacerbation rates observed during the trials are consistent with population analyses describing exacerbation events in approximately 29‐47% of COPD patients per year.1, 2 In the ENHANCE program, treatment with ensifentrine substantially reduced exacerbation rate and risk in a broad COPD population, regardless of recent exacerbation history. CLINICAL IMPLICATIONS: Treatment with ensifentrine substantially reduced exacerbation rate and risk in a broad COPD population, regardless of recent exacerbation history. 1. Sethi S, et al. Int J Chron Obstruct Pulmon Dis. 2022 Mar 20;17:593. 2. Hurst JR, et al. N Engl J Med. 2010;363(12):1128. DISCLOSURES: Consultant relationship with Verona Pharma Please note: $5001 ‐ $20000 by Thomas Bengtsson, value=Consulting fee Employee relationship with Verona pharma Please note: >$100000 by Tara Rheault, value=Stock Employee relationship with Verona Pharma Plc Please note: >$100000 by Kathleen Rickard, value=Salary Grant Support relationship with Gala Therapeutics, Inc Please note: 9/2018‐Present by Frank Sciurba, value=Grant/Research Support Grant Support relationship with Pulmonx Please note: 9/2014‐Present by Frank Sciurba, value=Grant/Research Support Grant Support relationship with Nuvaira, Inc Please note: 5/2018‐Present by Frank Sciurba, value=Grant/Research Support Grant Support relationship with PCORI Please note: 6/2019‐Present by Frank Sciurba, value=Grant/Research Support Grant Support relationship with PneumRx Please note: 10/2012 by Frank Sciurba, value=Grant/Research Support Grant Support relationship with American Lung Assosciation Please note: 7/2021‐Present by Frank Sciurba, value=Grant/Research Support Grant Support relationship with Gala Therapeutics, Inc Please note: 9/2019‐Present by Frank Sciurba, value=Grant/Research Support Grant Support relationship with PneumRx Please note: 10/2013‐Present by Frank Sciurba, value=Grant/Research Support Grant Support relationship with ResMed Corp Please note: 8/2018‐Present by Frank Sciurba, value=Grant/Research Support Grant Support relationship with Regeneron/Sanofi US Services, Inc Please note: 5/2018‐Present Added 04/10/2023 by Frank Sciurba, value=Grant/Research Support Advisory Committee Member relationship with Glaxosmithkline (GSK) Please note: 2/2023 Added 04/10/2023 by Frank Sciurba, source=Web Response, value=Honoraria Grant Support relationship with Verona Pharma Please note: 4/2019‐Present Added 04/10/2023 by Frank Sciurba, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support Grant Support relationship with AstraZeneca Please note: 2/2020‐Present Added 04/10/2023 by Frank Sciurba, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support
 A research study to evaluate the effect of a new fixed triple combination of beclometasone dipropionate + formoterol fumarate + glycopyrronium bromide at medium dose in patients with uncontrolled asthma;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: CHF 5993 pMDI Product Code: CHF 5993 Pharmaceutical Form: Pressurised inhalation, solution INN or Proposed INN: BECLOMETASONE DIPROPIONATE CAS Number: 5534‐09‐8 Other descriptive name: BDP Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 100‐ INN or Proposed INN: FORMOTEROL FUMARATE CAS Number: 43229‐80‐7 Other descriptive name: FF Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 6‐ INN or Proposed INN: GLYCOPYRRONIUM BROMIDE CAS Number: 596‐51‐0 Other descriptive name: GB Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 12.5‐ Trade Name: Foster Product Name: Foster Product Code: CHF 1535 Pharmaceutical Form: Pressurised inhalation, solution INN or Proposed INN: BECLOMETASONE DIPROPIONATE CAS Number: 5534‐09‐8 Other descriptive name: BDP Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 100‐ INN or Proposed INN: FORMOTEROL FUMARATE CAS Number: 43229‐80‐7 Other descriptive name: FF Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 6‐ CONDITION: Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] Uncontrolled asthma ; MedDRA version: 20.0 Level: PT Classification code 10003553 Term: Asthma System Organ Class: 10038738 ‐ Respiratory, thoracic and mediastinal disorders PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: ‐ To demonstrate the superiority of CHF 5993 100/6/12.5 pMDI compared to CHF 1535 100/6 pMDI in terms of change from baseline in pre‐dose FEV1 at Week 26.; ‐ To demonstrate the reduction of moderate and severe asthma exacerbations rate with CHF 5993 100/6/12.5 pMDI compared to CHF 1535 100/6 pMDI during the entire 52‐week treatment period. ; Primary end point(s): ‐ Change from baseline in pre‐dose FEV1 at Week 26 ; ‐ Moderate and severe exacerbations rate over 52 weeks of treatment ; Secondary Objective: Key Secondary Objectives:; ‐ To demonstrate the superiority of CHF 5993 100/6/12.5 pMDI compared to CHF 1535 100/6 pMDI in terms of change from baseline in peak FEV1 within 3 hours post‐dose at Week 26. ; ‐ To demonstrate the superiority of CHF 5993 100/6/12.5 compared to CHF 1535 100/6 in terms of change from baseline in morning PEF averaged over 26‐week treatment period.; ‐ To demonstrate the reduction of severe asthma exacerbations rate with CHF 5993 100/6/12.5 pMDI compared to CHF 1535 100/6 pMDI during the entire 52‐week treatment period in the pooled analysis of CCD‐05993AB1‐03 and CCD‐05993AB2‐02 trials.; ; Secondary Objectives; ‐ To perform a population PK analysis (in a subset of patients treated with CHF 5993 pMDI) investigating the inter‐subject variability in the drug exposure and the effects of selected covariates on PK parameters of BDP, FF and GB.; ‐ To assess the safety and tolerability of the study treatments. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 26 weeks and 52 weeks SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): ‐ Change from baseline in peak FEV1 (within 3 hours post dosing) at Week 26. ; ‐ Change from baseline in morning PEF measured by patients at home over the 26‐week treatment period. ; ‐ Severe exacerbations rate over 52 weeks of treatment in a pre‐specified pooled analysis of the two pivotal studies CCD‐5993AB1‐03 and CCD‐05993AB2‐02 ; ‐ PK analysis ; ‐ Safety variables, AEs, ADRs Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 26 weeks and 52 weeks ; Plasma levels measured in week 4 & 40 ; Safety throughout the study INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Patient’s written informed consent obtained prior to any study‐related procedures. 2. Male or female patients aged greater than or equal to 18 and =75 years. 3. Patients must have a documented history of asthma for at least 1 year and asthma must have been diagnosed before the patient’s age of 40. 4. Patients with uncontrolled asthma with double therapy only on medium doses of ICS (>500‐1000 µg daily dose BDP non‐extrafine or estimated clinical comparable dose) in combination with a ß2 longacting bronchodilator (LABA) at a stable dose for at least 4 weeks prior to screening. LABA daily dose: patients under formoterol 24 µg or salmeterol 100 µg or vilanterol 25 µg or other approved dose of LABA as clinically comparable to the others in the list can be included. 5. Patients with a pre‐bronchodilator FEV1 <80% of their predicted normal value, after appropriate washout from bronchodilators, at the screening and randomization visits. 6. Patien
 Efficacy study of QVM149 in uncontrolled asthma patients;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: Indacaterol acetate/Glycopyrronium bromide/mometasone furoate Product Code: QVM149 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, hard capsule INN or Proposed INN: INDACATEROL ACETATE Other descriptive name: INDACATEROL ACETATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 150‐ INN or Proposed INN: MOMETASONE FUROATE Other descriptive name: MOMETASONE FUROATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 80‐ INN or Proposed INN: GLYCOPYRRONIUM BROMIDE CAS Number: 596‐51‐0 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ Product Name: Indacaterol acetate/Glycopyrronium bromide/Mometasone furoate Product Code: QVM149 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, hard capsule INN or Proposed INN: INDACATEROL ACETATE Other descriptive name: INDACATEROL ACETATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 150‐ INN or Proposed INN: MOMETASONE FUROATE Other descriptive name: MOMETASONE FUROATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 160‐ INN or Proposed INN: GLYCOPYRRONIUM BROMIDE CAS Number: 596‐51‐0 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ Trade Name: Seretide Accuhaler® (also known as Diskus®) Product Name: Salmeterol xinofoate/Fluticasone propionate Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed INN or Proposed INN: SALMETEROL XINAFOATE CAS Number: 94749‐08‐3 Other descriptive name: SALMETEROL XINAFOATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ INN or Proposed INN: FLUTICASONE PROPIONATE CAS Number: 80474‐14‐2 Other descriptive name: FLUTICASONE PROPIONATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 500‐ Trade Name: Spiriva Respimat® Product Name: Spiriva Respimat® Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation solution INN or Proposed INN: TIOTRO CONDITION: Asthma ; MedDRA version: 20.0 Level: PT Classification code 10003553 Term: Asthma System Organ Class: 10038738 ‐ Respiratory, thoracic and mediastinal disorders Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): ‐ Change from baseline in Trough FEV1 ; ‐ Change from baseline in Asthma Control Questionnaire (ACQ‐7) total score ; ‐ Change from baseline in Asthma Quality of Life Questionnaire (AQLQ) total score ; ‐ Percentage of patients achieving the minimal important difference (MCID) change from baseline ACQ‐7 = 0.5 decrease ; ‐ Percentage of patients achieving the minimal important difference (MCID) change from baseline AQLQ = 0.5 increase ; ‐ Change from baseline in Forced Vital Capacity (FVC) ; ‐ Change from baseline in Forced Expiratory Flow between 25% and 75% of Forced Vital Capacity (FEF25‐75) Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: ‐ 8 weeks, 16 weeks, 24 weeks ; ‐ 16 weeks, 24 weeks ; ‐ 16 weeks ; ‐ 16 weeks, 24 weeks ; ‐ 16 weeks, 24 weeks ; ‐ 8 weeks, 16 weeks, 24 weeks ; ‐ 8 weeks, 16 weeks, 24 weeks INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐ Patients with a diagnosis of asthma for a period of at least 6 months prior to Visit 1 with current asthma severity = step 4 (GINA 2017). ‐ Patients who have used ICS/LABA combinations for asthma for at least 3 months and at stable medium or high dose of ICS/LABA for at least 1 month prior to Visit 1. ‐ Patients must be symptomatic at screening despite treatment with medium or high stable doses of ICS/LABA as defined by ACQ‐7 score = 1.5 at visits 101 and 201 (randomization visit). ‐ Pre‐bronchodilator FEV1 of < 85 % of the predicted normal value for the patie PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To demonstrate that the efficacy of two treatment arms of the fixed‐dose combination product QVM149 is non‐inferior to the efficacy of the free combination arm of salmeterol/fluticasone + tiotropium in uncontrolled asthmatics. Primary end point(s): Change from baseline in Asthma Quality of Life Questionnaire (AQLQ) total score Secondary Objective: ‐ To evaluate efficacy of QVM149 high‐dose and QVM149 medium‐dose compared to salmeterol/ fluticasone + tiotropium in terms of Trough FEV1 after 24 weeks of treatment.; ‐ To evaluate efficacy of QVM149 high‐dose and QVM149 medium‐dose compared to salmeterol/ fluticasone + tiotropium in terms of Asthma Quality of Life Questionnaire over 24 weeks of treatment.; ‐ To evaluate efficacy of QVM149 high‐dose and QVM149 medium‐dose compared to salmeterol/ fluticasone + tiotropium in terms of Asthma Control Questionnaire over 24 weeks of treatment.; ‐ To evaluate efficacy of QVM149 high‐dose and QVM149 medium‐dose compared to salmeterol/ fluticasone + tiotropium in terms of lung function over 24 weeks of treatment. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 24 weeks ‐ Patients with history of at least one severe asthma exacerbation which required medical care from a physician, ER visit (or local equivalent structure) or hospitalization in the 12 months prior to Visit 1 and required systemic corticosteroid treatment for at least 3 days including physician guided self‐management treatment with oral corticosteroids as part of written asthma action plan.
 Efficacy study of QVM149 in uncontrolled asthma patients;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: Indacaterol acetate/Glycopyrronium bromide/mometasone furoate Product Code: QVM149 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, hard capsule INN or Proposed INN: INDACATEROL ACETATE Other descriptive name: INDACATEROL ACETATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 150‐ INN or Proposed INN: MOMETASONE FUROATE Other descriptive name: MOMETASONE FUROATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 80‐ INN or Proposed INN: GLYCOPYRRONIUM BROMIDE CAS Number: 596‐51‐0 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ Product Name: Indacaterol acetate/Glycopyrronium bromide/Mometasone furoate Product Code: QVM149 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, hard capsule INN or Proposed INN: INDACATEROL ACETATE Other descriptive name: INDACATEROL ACETATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 150‐ INN or Proposed INN: MOMETASONE FUROATE Other descriptive name: MOMETASONE FUROATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 160‐ INN or Proposed INN: GLYCOPYRRONIUM BROMIDE CAS Number: 596‐51‐0 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ Trade Name: Seretide Accuhaler® (also known as Diskus®) Product Name: Salmeterol xinofoate/Fluticasone propionate Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed INN or Proposed INN: SALMETEROL XINAFOATE CAS Number: 94749‐08‐3 Other descriptive name: SALMETEROL XINAFOATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ INN or Proposed INN: FLUTICASONE PROPIONATE CAS Number: 80474‐14‐2 Other descriptive name: FLUTICASONE PROPIONATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 500‐ Trade Name: Spiriva Respimat® Product Name: Spiriva Respimat® Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation solution INN or Proposed INN: TIOTRO CONDITION: Asthma ; MedDRA version: 20.0 Level: PT Classification code 10003553 Term: Asthma System Organ Class: 10038738 ‐ Respiratory, thoracic and mediastinal disorders Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To demonstrate that the efficacy of two treatment arms of the fixed‐dose combination product QVM149 is non‐inferior to the efficacy of the free combination arm of salmeterol/fluticasone + tiotropium in uncontrolled asthmatics. Primary end point(s): Change from baseline in Asthma Quality of Life Questionnaire (AQLQ) total score Secondary Objective: ‐ To evaluate efficacy of QVM149 high‐dose and QVM149 medium‐dose compared to salmeterol/ fluticasone + tiotropium in terms of Trough FEV1 after 24 weeks of treatment.; ‐ To evaluate efficacy of QVM149 high‐dose and QVM149 medium‐dose compared to salmeterol/ fluticasone + tiotropium in terms of Asthma Quality of Life Questionnaire over 24 weeks of treatment.; ‐ To evaluate efficacy of QVM149 high‐dose and QVM149 medium‐dose compared to salmeterol/ fluticasone + tiotropium in terms of Asthma Control Questionnaire over 24 weeks of treatment.; ‐ To evaluate efficacy of QVM149 high‐dose and QVM149 medium‐dose compared to salmeterol/ fluticasone + tiotropium in terms of lung function over 24 weeks of treatment. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 24 weeks SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): ‐ Change from baseline in Trough FEV1; ‐ Change from baseline in Asthma Control Questionnaire (ACQ‐7) total score; ‐ Change from baseline in Asthma Quality of Life Questionnaire (AQLQ) total score; ‐ Percentage of patients achieving the minimal important difference (MCID) change from baseline ACQ‐7 = 0.5 decrease; ‐ Percentage of patients achieving the minimal important difference (MCID) change from baseline AQLQ = 0.5 increase; ‐ Change from baseline in Forced Vital Capacity (FVC); ‐ Change from baseline in Forced Expiratory Flow between 25% and 75% of Forced Vital Capacity (FEF25‐75) Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: ‐ 8 weeks, 16 weeks, 24 weeks; ‐ 16 weeks, 24 weeks; ‐ 16 weeks; ‐ 16 weeks, 24 weeks; ‐ 16 weeks, 24 weeks; ‐ 8 weeks, 16 weeks, 24 weeks; ‐ 8 weeks, 16 weeks, 24 weeks INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐ Patients with a diagnosis of asthma for a period of at least 6 months prior to Visit 1 with current asthma severity = step 4 (GINA 2017). ‐ Patients who have used ICS/LABA combinations for asthma for at least 3 months and at stable medium or high dose of ICS/LABA for at least 1 month prior to Visit 1. ‐ Patients must be symptomatic at screening despite treatment with medium or high stable doses of ICS/LABA as defined by ACQ‐7 score = 1.5 at visits 101 and 201 (randomization visit). ‐ Patients with history of at least one severe asthma exacerbation which required medical care from a physician, ER visit (or local equivalent structure) or hospitalization in the 12 months prior to Visit 1 and required systemic corticosteroid treatment for at least 3 days including physician guided self‐management treatment with oral corticosteroids as part of written asthma action plan. ‐ Pre‐bronchodilator FEV1 of < 85 % of the predicted normal value for the patient a
 Phase I Study Evaluating the Safety and Pharmacokinetics of Budesonide, Glycopyrronium, and Formoterol Fumarate Inhalation Aerosol (BGF MDI) in Healthy Volunteers;  This is a Phase I, Randomized, Double‐Blind Within Device, Single‐Dose, Four‐Period, Six‐Treatment, Cross‐Over Study Evaluating the Safety and Pharmacokinetics of Three Doses of Budesonide, Glycopyrronium, and Formoterol Fumarate Inhalation Aerosol (BGF MDI), One Dose of Glycopyrronium and Formoterol Fumarate Inhalation Aerosol (GFF MDI), and Two Doses of Symbicort® Inhalation Aerosol in Healthy Volunteers. The primary objective of the study is to determine a dose of budesonide that when formulated with glycopyrronium and formoterol fumarate in BGF MDI provides comparable systemic exposure [pharmacokinetics (PK)] to budesonide following administration of Symbicort MDI.
 A RANDOMIZED, DOUBLE-BLIND, DOUBLE DUMMY, PARALLEL GROUP, MULTICENTER 24 TO 52 WEEK VARIABLE LENGTH STUDY TO ASSESS THE EFFICACY AND SAFETY OF BUDESONIDE, GLYCOPYRRONIUM, AND FORMOTEROL FUMARATE METERED DOSE INHALER (MDI) RELATIVE TO BUDESONIDE AND FORMOTEROL FUMARATE MDI AND SYMBICORT®PRESSURIZED MDI IN ADULT AND ADOLESCENT PARTICIPANTS WITH INADEQUATELY CONTROLLED ASTHMA (KALOS);  INTERVENTION: Group name:Arm BGF MDI 320/28.8/9.6 µg Type of group;1 N° of participants:700 Intervention(s) description:Budesonide, glycopyrronium, and formoterol fumarate pressurized inhalation suspension, DFP Dose Formulation: Inhaler Unit Dose Strength (Delivered Dose): 160/14.4/4.8 µg per actuation Dosage Level(s): 2 inhalations BID Total Daily Dose: 640/57.6/19.2 µg Route of Administration: Oral inhalation Group name:Arm Placebo pMDI to match budesonide/ formoterol fumarate pMDI Type of group;2 N° of participants:700 Intervention(s) description:Placebo to match Symbicort Dose Formulation: Inhaler Unit Dose Strength (Delivered Dose: No active ingredient Dosage Level(s): 2 inhalations BID Total Daily Dose: No active ingredient Route of Administration: Oral inhalation CONDITION: ‐J459 Asthma, unspecified ; Asthma, unspecified Asthma, unspecified J459 PRIMARY OUTCOME: ; Outcome name:Difference in mean change from baseline; Measure:To assess the effect of BGF MDI relative to BFF MDI or Symbicort pMDI on lung function in participants with inadequately controlled asthma.; Timepoints:US: Change from baseline in forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) area under the curve 0 to 3 hours (AUC0‐3) at Week 24; Europe (EU): Change from baseline in morning pre‐dose trough FEV1 over 24 Weeks; Japan: Change from baseline in morning pre‐dose trough FEV1 over 12 to 24 Weeks; SECONDARY OUTCOME: ; Outcome name:Difference in mean change from baseline ; Measure:To assess the effect of BGF MDI relative to BFF MDI or Symbicort pMDI on lung function in participants with inadequately controlled asthma. ; Timepoints:US (Key secondary): Change from baseline in morning pre‐dose trough FEV1 at Week 24 ; EU: Change from baseline in FEV1 AUC0‐3 over 24 Weeks ; Japan (Key secondary): Change from baseline in FEV1 AUC0‐3 over 12 to 24 Weeks ; ; Outcome name:Mean change from baseline ; Measure:To assess the effect of BGF MDI relative to BFF MDI or Symbicort pMDI on lung function, PROs, and symptoms in participants with inadequately controlled asthma. ; Timepoints:Onset of action on Day 1: Absolute change in FEV1 at 5 minutes on Day 1 ; ; Outcome name:Odds ratio ; Measure:To assess the effect of BGF MDI relative to BFF MDI or Symbicort pMDI on lung function, PROs, and symptoms in participants with inadequately controlled asthma. ; Timepoints:Percentage of responders in ACQ‐7,ACQ‐5 , AQLQ +12 (&#8805;0.5 decrease equals response) at Week 24, over 24 Weeks or over 12 to 24 Weeks ; ; Outcome name:Rate ratio ; Measure:To assess the effect of BGF MDI relative to BFF MDI or Symbicort pMDI on lung function, PROs, and symptoms in participants with inadequately controlled asthma ; Timepoints:EU only: Rate of severe asthma exacerbations over the Treatment Period ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 5.1 Inclusion Criteria 1‐Participant must be at least 12 to 80 years of age inclusive, at the time of signing the ICF. Note: For participants from 12 to <18 years of age, their parents or legal guardians must give their signed written informed consent, as appropriate, and participants will sign an assent form. 2‐Participants who have a documented history of physician‐diagnosed asthma ≥1 year prior to Visit 1, according to GINA guidelines [GINA 2020]. Healthcare records for 1 year prior to Visit 1 must be provided for adolescent participants (12 to <18 years of age) to ensure consistent evaluation and follow‐up of treatment in those participants. 3‐Participants who have been regularly using a stable daily ICS/LABA regimen (including a stable ICS dose), with the ICS doses allowed in Table 7, for at least 4 weeks prior to Visit 1.Have a documented history of at least one asthma exacerbation requiring use of systemic c
 Study to Assess PT010 in Adult and Adolescent Participants With Inadequately Controlled Asthma (KALOS);  This is a randomized, double‐blind, double dummy, parallel group, multicenter 24 to 52 week variable length study to assess the efficacy and safety of budesonide, glycopyrronium, and formoterol fumarate metered dose inhaler (MDI) relative to budesonide and formoterol fumarate MDI and Symbicort® pressurized MDI in adult and adolescent participants with inadequately controlled asthma. Approximately 2200 participants will be randomized globally.
 Study to Assess PT010 in Adult and Adolescent Participants With Inadequately Controlled Asthma (LOGOS);  This is a randomized, double‐blind, double dummy, parallel group, multicenter 24 to 52 week variable length study to assess the efficacy and safety of budesonide, glycopyrronium, and formoterol fumarate metered dose inhaler (MDI) relative to budesonide and formoterol fumarate MDI and Symbicort® pressurized MDI in adult and adolescent participants with inadequately controlled asthma. Approximately 2200 participants will be randomized globally.
 Clinical Research on the Effect of Yiqigubiao Pills on Stable Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Diseases (stable COPD);  INTERVENTION: Normol A:Basic treatment: Salbutamol aerosol when need, 100‐200ug a time, aerosol inhalation; if not satisfied with the effects, plus the aminophylline sustained‐release tablets 0.1g, Bid, PO; other drugs for COPD are forbidden.;Test A:The same therateupics with the control for A Test Group plus Yiqigubiao Pills ;Normol B:If the drugs like Seretide or Spiriva etc, are used before the trail, any change about the drugs, the dosage and the formulations is forbidden; if no drugs used before the trail and the diseas are controllable, no drugs will be subjoined; if no drugs used before the trail, but the diseas out of controlling, the Seretide 50/250ug Bid or Spiriva QD will be given, plus aminophylline 0.1g, PO, according to the disease. and the case will be accepted after 4‐6wks when the disease turn to be stable;Test B:The same therateupics with the control for B Test Group plus Yiqigubiao Pills ;Normol C:If the drugs like Seretide or Spiriva etc, are used before the trail, any change about the drugs, the dosage and the formulations is forbidden; if no drugs used before the trail and the diseas are controllable, no drugs will be subjoined; if no drugs used before the trail, but the diseas out of controlling, the Seretide 50/250ug Bid or Spiriva QD will be given, plus aminophylline 0.1g, PO, according to the disease and the case will be accepted after 4‐6wks when the disease turn to be stable;Test C:The same therateupics with the control for C Test Group plus Yiqigubiao Pills;Normol D:Basic treatment:Seretide 50/250ug,inhalation,Bid;if out of controlling,plus the Spiriva 18ug,inhalation,QD;or the aminophylline will be added,0.1g,PO,Bid.nd the case will be accepted after 4‐6wks when the disease turn to be stable pahse,also any change about the drugs,the dosage and the formulations is forbidden;the Salbutamol aerosol will be given when need,100‐200ug,aerosol inhalation.other drugs for COPD are forbidden. ;Test D:The same therateupics with the control for D Test Group CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease PRIMARY OUTCOME: 6‐minute walking distance;ModifiedMedical Research Council Scale,MMRC;COPD assessment test, CAT;the times and severity of exacerbation;rate of hospitalization;TCM symptom mark; SECONDARY OUTCOME: Pulmonary Function;IL‐6,8;TNF‐alpha;CD4, CD; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Volunteers; 2. Age from 40‐80 years; 3. Patients corresponding to diagnosis standards of stable COPD (types of A, B, C, D) ; 4. Patients corresponding to diagnosis standards of Lung Distension (syndrome of Deficiency of Lung‐Spleen Qi and Obstruction of the Lung by Phlegm).
 ADOPT: airways Disease-Optimisation of Pharmaco-Therapy in lung cancer;  INTERVENTION: Patients will be randomised to one of two groups 1. Intervention group: 1.1. Ventolin Evohaler 100 micrograms, 2 inhalations 4 times a day 1.2. Spiriva 18 micrograms one inhalation a day 1.3. Seretide Accuhaler 50 microgram/500 microgram inhaler one inhalation twice a day. These therapies in combination are the mainstay of symptomatic management in patients with COPD. Each patient will remain on study medication for 4 weeks. 2. Control group: Treatment as usual CONDITION: Lung cancer, Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) ; Respiratory ; Other chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) PRIMARY OUTCOME: Proportion of patients who have a = 2 point change in their Visual Analogue Scale (VAS) for dyspnoea at 4 weeks SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1. Six‐minute walk test (6MWT) at 2 and 4 weeks; 2. Forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) at 2 and 4 weeks; 3. Peak expiratory flow rate (PEFR) at 2 and 4 weeks; 4. Quality of life using the European Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer Core Quality of Life Questionnaire + Lung cancer module (EORTC C‐30 + L13) at 4 weeks; 5. Level of physical activity using the St Georges Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) activity scale at 4 weeks; 6. To investigate and describe the relationship of breathlessness and obstructive lung disease (% predicted FEV1) in patients with lung cancer; 7. To investigate and describe any relationship between breathlessness and the position of the tumour in relation to the bronchial tree (large airway/central Vs peripheral) INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Male or female, age > 35 years 2. Diagnosis of non‐small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), small cell lung cancer (SCLC) or mesothelioma 3. Diagnosis of COPD 4. Subjective dyspnoea of visual analogue score (VAS) = 4
 Assess bronchodilator effect and safety of two doses of QVM149 compared to a fixed dose combination of salmeterol/fluticasone in patients with Asthma;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: Indacaterol acetate /Glycopyrronium bromide/mometasone furoate Product Code: QVM149 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, hard capsule INN or Proposed INN: INDACATEROL ACETATE Other descriptive name: INDACATEROL ACETATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 150‐ INN or Proposed INN: MOMETASONE FUROATE Other descriptive name: MOMETASONE FUROATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 80‐ INN or Proposed INN: GLYCOPYRRONIUM BROMIDE CAS Number: 596‐51‐0 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, hard capsule Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Product Name: Indacaterol acetate /Glycopyrronium bromide/mometasone furoate Product Code: QVM149 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, hard capsule INN or Proposed INN: INDACATEROL ACETATE Other descriptive name: INDACATEROL ACETATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 150‐ INN or Proposed INN: MOMETASONE FUROATE Other descriptive name: MOMETASONE FUROATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 160‐ INN or Proposed INN: GLYCOPYRRONIUM BROMIDE CAS Number: 596‐51‐0 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, hard capsule Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Trade Name: Seretide Product Name: Salmeterol xinafoate/fluticasone delivered via Diskus® (also known as Accuhaler®) Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed INN or Proposed INN: SALMETEROL XINAFOATE CAS Number: 94749‐08‐3 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ INN or Proposed INN: FLUTICASONE PROPIONATE CAS Number: 80474‐14‐2 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal CONDITION: Asthma ; MedDRA version: 20.0 Level: PT Classification code 10003553 Term: Asthma System Organ Class: 10038738 ‐ Respiratory, thoracic and mediastinal disorders Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): • FEV1, Forced Vital Capacity (FVC), and FEV1/FVC ratio at timepoints in relation to evening dose. ; • FEV1AUC 5 min ‐ 1 h (Day 21), FEV1AUC 5 min ‐ 4 h (Day 21) ; FEV1AUC 5 min (Day 21) ‐ 23 h 45 min (Day 22) ; • Trough FEV1 (mL; mean of FEV1 at 23 h 15 min and 23 h 45 min post‐dose) Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 3 weeks INCLUSION CRITERIA: • Male and female adult patients = 18 years old and = 75 years. • Patients with a documented physician diagnosis of asthma for a period of at least 12 months prior to Visit 1 (Screening). • Patients who have used ICS and LABA combinations for asthma for at least 3 months and at a stable medium or high dose of ICS for at least 1 month prior to Visit 1 (Screening). • Pre‐bronchodilator FEV1 of < 80 % of the predicted normal value at screening Visit 1 (spirometry will not be repeated at baseline prior to randomization). • Patients who demonstrate an increase in FEV1 of = 12 % and 200 mL after administration of 400 µg salbutamol/360 µg albuterol (or equivalent do se) at • If reversibility is not demonstrated PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: •To demonstrate superiority in peak bronchodilator effect of QVM149 at a dose of 150/50/160 µg o.d. and 150/50/80 µg o.d. compared to a FDC of salmeterol/fluticasone at a dose of 50/500 µg b.i.d. after 3 weeks of treatment in patients with asthma Primary end point(s): Peak FEV1 (mL) defined as the highest bronchodilatory effect on FEV1 during a period of 5 min to 4 h after the last evening dose of each treatment period. Secondary Objective: •To evaluate the bronchodilator effect of each dose of QVM149 compared to salmeterol/fluticasone FDC after 3 weeks of treatment.; •To evaluate the bronchodilator effect of each dose of QVM149 compared to salmeterol/ fluticasone FDC by measuring standardized FEV1 AUCs after 3 weeks of treatment respective period.; •To evaluate post‐dose trough bronchodilator effect of each dose of QVM149 compared to salmeterol/fluticasone FDC after 3 weeks of treatment in the respective treatment period. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 3 weeks Visit 1 (Screening). All patients must perform a reversibility test at Visit 1 (Screening). If reversibility is not demonstrated at Visit 1 (Screening), then, reversibility testing may be repeated once during the screening period.
 Assess bronchodilator effect and safety of two doses of QVM149 compared to a fixed dose combination of salmeterol/fluticasone in patients with Asthma;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: Indacaterol acetate /Glycopyrronium bromide/mometasone furoate Product Code: QVM149 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, hard capsule INN or Proposed INN: INDACATEROL ACETATE Other descriptive name: INDACATEROL ACETATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 150‐ INN or Proposed INN: MOMETASONE FUROATE Other descriptive name: MOMETASONE FUROATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 80‐ INN or Proposed INN: GLYCOPYRRONIUM BROMIDE CAS Number: 596‐51‐0 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, hard capsule Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Product Name: Indacaterol acetate /Glycopyrronium bromide/mometasone furoate Product Code: QVM149 Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, hard capsule INN or Proposed INN: INDACATEROL ACETATE Other descriptive name: INDACATEROL ACETATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 150‐ INN or Proposed INN: MOMETASONE FUROATE Other descriptive name: MOMETASONE FUROATE Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 160‐ INN or Proposed INN: GLYCOPYRRONIUM BROMIDE CAS Number: 596‐51‐0 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Inhalation powder, hard capsule Route of administration of the placebo: Inhalation use Trade Name: Seretide Product Name: Salmeterol xinafoate/fluticasone delivered via Diskus® (also known as Accuhaler®) Pharmaceutical Form: Inhalation powder, pre‐dispensed INN or Proposed INN: SALMETEROL XINAFOATE CAS Number: 94749‐08‐3 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ INN or Proposed INN: FLUTICASONE PROPIONATE CAS Number: 80474‐14‐2 Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal CONDITION: Asthma ; MedDRA version: 20.0 Level: PT Classification code 10003553 Term: Asthma System Organ Class: 10038738 ‐ Respiratory, thoracic and mediastinal disorders Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Respiratory Tract Diseases [C08] SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): • FEV1, Forced Vital Capacity (FVC), and FEV1/FVC ratio at timepoints in relation to evening dose. ; • FEV1AUC 5 min ‐ 1 h (Day 21), FEV1AUC 5 min ‐ 4 h (Day 21) ; FEV1AUC 5 min (Day 21) ‐ 23 h 45 min (Day 22) ; • Trough FEV1 (mL; mean of FEV1 at 23 h 15 min and 23 h 45 min post‐dose) Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 3 weeks INCLUSION CRITERIA: • Male and female adult patients = 18 years old and = 75 years. • Patients with a documented physician diagnosis of asthma for a period of at least 12 months prior to Visit 1 (Screening). • Patients who have used ICS and LABA combinations for asthma for at least 3 months and at a stable medium or high dose of ICS for at least 1 month prior to Visit 1 (Screening). • Pre‐bronchodilator FEV1 of < 80 % of the predicted normal value at screening Visit 1 (spirometry will not be repeated at baseline prior to randomization). • Patients who demonstrate an increase in FEV1 of = 12 % and 200 mL after administration of 400 µg salbutamol/360 µg albuterol (or equivalent do se) at • If reversibility is not demonstrated at PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: •To demonstrate superiority in peak bronchodilator effect of QVM149 at a dose of 150/50/160 µg o.d. and 150/50/80 µg o.d. compared to a FDC of salmeterol/fluticasone at a dose of 50/500 µg b.i.d. after 3 weeks of treatment in patients with asthma Primary end point(s): Peak FEV1 (mL) defined as the highest bronchodilatory effect on FEV1 during a period of 5 min to 4 h after the last evening dose of each treatment period. Secondary Objective: •To evaluate the bronchodilator effect of each dose of QVM149 compared to salmeterol/fluticasone FDC after 3 weeks of treatment.; •To evaluate the bronchodilator effect of each dose of QVM149 compared to salmeterol/ fluticasone FDC by measuring standardized FEV1 AUCs after 3 weeks of treatment respective period.; •To evaluate post‐dose trough bronchodilator effect of each dose of QVM149 compared to salmeterol/fluticasone FDC after 3 weeks of treatment in the respective treatment period. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 3 weeks Visit 1 (Screening). All patients must perform a reversibility test at Visit 1 (Screening). If reversibility is not demonstrated at Visit 1 (Screening), then, reversibility testing may be repeated once during the screening period.
 Treatment options for patients with allergic phenotype coexisting chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: is it better approach for treatment?;  Purpose:The aim of this study was to determine the efficacy of inhaled corticisteroids(IGS) and anti‐leukotriens(ATs)to respiratory symptoms and exacerbations in patients with allergic phenotype coexisting COPD. Methods:A total of 66 patients with allergic phenotype coexisting severe COPD(FEV1 41% predicted) depending on treatment regimen were randomized to three groups:1)22 patients have received LABA/IGS combination(Symbicort 640/18 mcg/day) plus LAMA(Tiotropium 18 mcg/day);2)22 patients have received Symbicort at the same dose plus Tiotropium and Montelukast 10 mg/day;3) 22 patients have received only long acting inhaled bronchodilator therapy with Formoterol (Foradil 18mcg/day) and Tiotropium.All patients were observed during one year.The presence of allergic phenotype was defined as self‐reported doctor diagnosed hay fever or allergic upper respiratory symptoms and although, all patients were evaluted for allergic sensitization defined as a detectable specific IgE to perennail allergens.22 patients with severe COPD were evaluted as control. Results:Our investigation shown that individuals with allergic phenotype were more likely to wheeze(odds ratio[OR],2.3;p<0.01),to have chronic cough(OR,1.7;p=0.01)and chronic phlegm(OR,1.4;p<0.05),and to have increased risk of COPD exacerbation requiring an acute doctor visit(OR,1.8;p<0.05).Our investigation also demonstrated that anti‐inflammatory agents against allergic inflammation significantly decreased respiratory symptoms.Anti‐inflammatory therapy added to long acting inhaled bronchodilators reduced the occurence of respiratory symptoms more than two times versus long acting inhaled bronchodilators alone(p<0.001).Combined therapy with anti‐inflammatory treatment(IGS and ATs) and long acting inhaled brohchodilators(LABA/LAMA combination) markedly reduced the rate of exacerbations of COPD.In patients who have received combined therapy the rate of moderate to severe exacerbations versus long acting bronchodilator therapy decreased by 20%(annulaised rate of exacerbations 0.69[95%CI 0.60‐0.84] vs 0.85[0.71‐1.01];rate ratio 0.72,95% CI 0.64‐0.92,p<0.01). Conclusions:Among individuals with COPD evidence of an allergic phenotype is associated with increased respiratory symptoms and risk of COPD exacerbations.Anti ‐inflammatory agents against allergic inflammation added to the long acting inhaled bronchodilator therapy significantly reduced the occurence of respiratory symptoms and rate of moderate to severe exacerbations of COPD and so may used as treatment options for patients with severe COPD associated with allergic sensitization.
 As-needed ICS-LABA in Mild Asthma: what Does the Evidence Say?;  For the last three decades, the guidelines for asthma management have supported a stepwise therapeutic approach, based on the administration of controller medications (especially inhaled corticosteroids) complemented by on‐demand use of rescue medication. Classically, the rescue medication recommended comprised short‐acting β agonists (SABA). Some years ago, the use of Symbicort Maintenance and Reliever Therapy (SMART) demonstrated the benefits of a combination of budesonide‐formoterol, an inhaled corticosteroid, and a long‐acting β agonist (ICS‐LABA) as rescue medication in moderate and severe asthma. The results were enthusiastically received, and this therapeutic option was adopted in the guidelines for moderate to severe asthma patients. Recently, four trials (two randomised placebo control trials under the auspices of the SYGMA project and two real‐life studies, Novel START, and the PRACTICAL trial) have explored the potential benefits of substituting SABA with budesonide‐formoterol as rescue medication in mild asthma patients. The SYGMA 1 and 2 studies showed that the combination with formoterol‐budesonide as rescue medication provides better asthma control than short‐acting β‐agonists alone in GINA step 2 patients, although the superiority was slight. Compared to budesonide maintenance therapy, the fixed combination of ICS‐LABA on demand provides poorer asthma control. Regarding exacerbations, the fixed dose ICS‐LABA combination on demand showed the same benefits for the prevention of exacerbations as chronic ICS treatment in mild asthma patients. The Novel START study, which assessed a population with milder symptoms, concluded that the fixed dose ICS‐LABA combination used as needed was superior to SABA (albuterol) as needed for the prevention of asthma exacerbations. These results in fact show that, in undertreated GINA step 2 with only SABA as needed, ICS‐LABA is more effective than SABA. The authors of PRACTICAL concluded that the study provided modest evidence that the ICS‐LABA combination used as‐needed for symptom relief reduces the rate of severe exacerbations compared with maintenance low‐dose budesonide plus terbutaline as needed, although the study was not limited to mild asthma since according to the treatment consumed, it was evident that they had recruited some moderate asthma patients. Despite this poor evidence, and ignoring the clinical histological benefits of chronic inhaled corticosteroids (especially when administered promptly), GINA 2019 recently recommended daily low dose ICS or ICS‐LABA as needed as a first option for step 2 patients. For step 1, symptom‐driven or as‐needed treatment with ICS‐LABA is recommended rather than SABA alone (the preferred option until the last GINA update). Finally, the SIENA study showed that 73% of patients with mild asthma do not have an eosinophilic phenotype and that these patients have a similar clinical response to ICS (mometasone) and antimuscarinic drugs (tiotropium), results that challenge the indication of a drug combination that incorporates ICS as a first option. Overall, we believe there is insufficient evidence for the systematic recommendation of as‐needed ICS‐LABA instead of SABA on request for GINA step 1 or as a replacement for chronic ICS in GINA step 2.
