total number of articles searched: 984.
objectives: ['to assess the benefits and harms of outpatient treatment options for the omicron variant of sars-cov-2', 'to evaluate 22 different covid-19 treatments'].
remdesivir alone or in combination with monoclonal antibodies as an early treatment to prevent severe covid-19 in patients with mild/moderate disease at high risk of progression: a single centre, real-life study.
safety and efficacy of outpatient treatments for covid-19: real-life data from a regionwide cohort of high-risk patients in tuscany, italy (the federate cohort).
short-term effectiveness of oral nirmatrelvir/ritonavir against the sars-cov-2 omicron variant and culture-positive viral shedding.
molnupiravir and nirmatrelvir/ritonavir: tolerability, safety, and adherence in a retrospective cohort study.
outcomes with and without outpatient sars-cov-2 treatment for patients with covid-19 and systemic autoimmune rheumatic diseases: a retrospective cohort study.
effectiveness of nirmatrelvir plus ritonavir treatment for patients with chronic lymphocytic leukemia during the omicron surge.
clinical efficacy and safety of molnupiravir for nonhospitalized and hospitalized patients with covid-19: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized control trials.
the effect of nirmatrelvir-ritonavir on viral clearance and length of hospital stay in patients infected with sars-cov-2 omicron variants.
"saving lives with nirmatrelvir/ritonavir one transplant patient at a time".
efficacy and safety of inhaled ethanol in early-stage sars-cov-2 infection in older adults: a phase ii randomized clinical trial.
real-world clinical outcomes of molnupiravir for the treatment of mild to moderate covid-19 in adult patients during the dominance of the omicron variant: a meta-analysis.
liver injury in favipiravir-treated covid-19 patients: retrospective single-center cohort study.
monoclonal antibody therapy for covid-19: a retrospective observational study at a regional hospital.
favipiravir in the treatment of outpatient covid-19: a multicenter, randomized, triple-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial.
is metformin use associated with low mortality in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus hospitalized for covid-19? a multivariable and propensity score-adjusted meta-analysis.
anakinra-an interleukin-1 receptor antagonist for covid-19.
coronavirus disease 2019 convalescent plasma outpatient therapy to prevent outpatient hospitalization: a meta-analysis of individual participant data from 5 randomized trials.
effect of higher-dose ivermectin for 6 days vs placebo on time to sustained recovery in outpatients with covid-19: a randomized clinical trial.
pharmacometrics of high-dose ivermectin in early covid-19 from an open label, randomized, controlled adaptive platform trial (platcov).
real-world effectiveness of nirmatrelvir/ritonavir on covid-19-associated hospitalization prevention: a population-based cohort study in the province of québec, canada.
pan-american guidelines for the treatment of sars-cov-2/covid-19: a joint evidence-based guideline of the brazilian society of infectious diseases (sbi) and the pan-american association of infectious diseases (api).
efficacy and safety of favipiravir in treating covid-19 patients: a meta-analysis of randomized control trials.
characteristics and outcomes of covid-19 patients presumed to be treated with sotrovimab in nhs hospitals in england.
convalescent plasma therapy for coronavirus disease 2019 in ambulatory versus hospitalized patients: efficacy and risk of thromboembolism.
effectiveness of favipiravir monotherapy in the treatment of covid-19: real world data analysis from thailand.
population-based evaluation of the effectiveness of nirmatrelvir-ritonavir for reducing hospital admissions and mortality from covid-19.
real-world use of nirmatrelvir-ritonavir in outpatients with covid-19 during the era of omicron variants including ba.4 and ba.5 in colorado, usa: a retrospective cohort study.
covid-19 symptom-onset to diagnosis and diagnosis to treatment intervals are significant predictors of disease progression and hospitalization in high-risk patients: a real world analysis.
real-world effectiveness of molnupiravir, nirmatrelvir-ritonavir, and sotrovimab on preventing hospital admission among higher-risk patients with covid-19 in wales: a retrospective cohort study.
use and effectiveness of remdesivir for the treatment of patients with covid-19 using data from the lean european open survey on sars-cov-2 infected patients (leoss): a multicentre cohort study.
real-world effectiveness of molnupiravir and nirmatrelvir/ritonavir among covid-19 community, highly vaccinated patients with high risk for severe disease: evidence that both antivirals reduce the risk for disease progression and death.
in high-risk outpatients with covid-19, neither colchicine nor aspirin reduced disease progression or death at 45 d.
safety, virology, pharmacokinetics, and clinical experience of high-dose intravenous sotrovimab for the treatment of mild to moderate covid-19: an open-label clinical trial.
safety and efficacy of glucocorticoids in the treatment of covid-19: a meta-analysis of randomized control trials.
convalescent plasma for people with covid-19: a living systematic review.
symptom duration and resolution with early outpatient treatment of convalescent plasma for coronavirus disease 2019: a randomized trial.
a multicenter real-life study to determine the efficacy of corticosteroids and olfactory training in improving persistent covid-19-related olfactory dysfunction.
efficacy and safety of regdanvimab in patients with mild to moderate covid-19: a rapid review and meta-analysis.
subcutaneous regen-cov antibody administration in a community pharmacy.
characteristics and outcomes of us veterans at least 65 years of age at high risk of severe sars-cov-2 infection with or without receipt of oral antiviral agents.
safety and efficacy of paxlovid against omicron variants of coronavirus disease 2019 in elderly patients.
remdesivir for the treatment of covid-19.
molnupiravir is effective in patients with haematological malignancies.
impact of early sars-cov-2 antiviral therapy on disease progression.
tixagevimab/cilgavimab in sars-cov-2 prophylaxis and therapy: a comprehensive review of clinical experience.
paxlovid (nirmatrelvir and ritonavir) use in pregnant and lactating woman: current evidence and practice guidelines-a scoping review.
comparative effectiveness of paxlovid versus sotrovimab and molnupiravir for preventing severe covid-19 outcomes in non-hospitalised patients: observational cohort study using the opensafely platform.
efficacy and safety of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors in covid-19 management: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
nirmatrelvir-ritonavir therapy and covid-19 vaccination improve clinical outcomes of sars-cov-2 omicron variant infection.
molnupiravir for the treatment of covid-19 in immunocompromised participants: efficacy, safety, and virology results from the phase 3 randomized, placebo-controlled move-out trial.
effectiveness of early-treatment interventions on self-reported long covid: a multi-arm, multi-stage adaptive platform control trial.
timing of corticosteroids in non-severe non-hospitalized covid-19 patients: open-label, two-center, randomized controlled study (tics-cov19 study).
effects of dexamethasone use on viral clearance among patients with covid-19: a multicenter cohort study.
colchicine and risk of hospitalization due to covid-19: a population-based study.
effect of fluvoxamine vs placebo on time to sustained recovery in outpatients with mild to moderate covid-19: a randomized clinical trial.
real-world effectiveness of sotrovimab for the early treatment of covid-19 during sars-cov-2 delta and omicron waves in the usa.
a phase 2/3 study of s-217622 in participants with sars-cov-2 infection (phase 3 part).
experience of the united arab emirates in the use of monoclonal antibody drug sotrovimab in high-risk vaccinated and unvaccinated patients with covid-19: an observational cohort study.
antiviral treatment in covid-19 outpatients: a systematic review of randomized controlled trials.
effectiveness of nirmatrelvir-ritonavir against hospital admission or death: a cohort study in a large us healthcare system.
comparison of the efficacy of equivalent doses of dexamethasone, methylprednisolone, and hydrocortisone for treatment of covid-19-related acute respiratory distress syndrome: a prospective three-arm randomized clinical trial.
the effectiveness of paxlovid treatment in long-term care facilities in south korea during the outbreak of the omicron variant of sars-cov-2.
the 'myth of hydroxychloroquine (hcq) as post-exposure prophylaxis (pep) for the prevention of covid-19' is far from reality.
nirmatrelvir and covid-19: development, pharmacokinetics, clinical efficacy, resistance, relapse, and pharmacoeconomics.
real-world effectiveness of sotrovimab and remdesivir for early treatment of high-risk hospitalized covid-19 patients: a propensity score adjusted retrospective cohort study.
hydroxychloroquine for treatment of non-hospitalized adults with covid-19: a meta-analysis of individual participant data of randomized trials.
an open label randomized controlled trial of ivermectin plus favipiravir-based standard of care <i>versus</i> favipiravir-based standard of care for treatment of moderate covid-19 in thailand.
remdesivir improves biomarkers associated with disease severity in covid-19 patients treated in an outpatient setting.
time to negative pcr conversion amongst high-risk patients with mild-to-moderate omicron ba.1 and ba.2 covid-19 treated with sotrovimab or nirmatrelvir.
post-covid depression and its multiple factors, does favipiravir have a protective effect? a longitudinal study of indonesia covid-19 patients.
the efficacy of neutralizing monoclonal antibodies in transplant recipients with mild-to-moderate covid-19.
different drug approaches to covid-19 treatment worldwide: an update of new drugs and drugs repositioning to fight against the novel coronavirus.
effectiveness of sotrovimab in preventing covid-19-related hospitalizations or deaths among u.s. veterans.
lopinavir/ritonavir for treatment of non-hospitalized patients with covid-19: a randomized clinical trial.
vv116 versus nirmatrelvir-ritonavir for oral treatment of covid-19.
molnupiravir plus usual care versus usual care alone as early treatment for adults with covid-19 at increased risk of adverse outcomes (panoramic): an open-label, platform-adaptive randomised controlled trial.
effectiveness of casirivimab-imdevimab and sotrovimab monoclonal antibody treatment among high-risk patients with sars-cov-2 infection: a real-world experience.
enhanced nasal deposition and anti-coronavirus effect of favipiravir-loaded mucoadhesive chitosan-alginate nanoparticles.
nelfinavir: an old ally in the covid-19 fight?.
efficacy and safety of tixagevimab/cilgavimab to prevent covid-19 (pre-exposure prophylaxis): a systematic review and meta-analysis.
outpatient treatment of covid-19 with metformin, ivermectin, and fluvoxamine and the development of long covid over 10-month follow-up.
the use of mebendazole in covid-19 patients: an observational retrospective single center study.
effectiveness of corticosteroids to treat coronavirus disease 2019 symptoms: a meta-analysis.
sotrovimab therapy in solid organ transplant recipients with mild to moderate covid-19: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
efficacy and safety of molnupiravir in mild covid-19 patients in india.
impact of fluvoxamine on outpatient treatment of covid-19 in honduras in a prospective observational real-world study.
nirmatrelvir plus ritonavir in covid-19: a profile of its use.
covid-19 convalescent plasma outpatient therapy to prevent outpatient hospitalization: a meta-analysis of individual participant data from five randomized trials.
oral antiviral treatment for covid-19 in patients with systemic autoimmune rheumatic diseases.
hospital at home treatment with remdesivir for patients with covid-19: real-life experience.
effectiveness of covid-19 treatment with nirmatrelvir-ritonavir or molnupiravir among u.s. veterans: target trial emulation studies with one-month and six-month outcomes.
a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, phase ii clinical study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of camostat mesylate (dwj1248) in adult patients with mild to moderate covid-19.
effect of ivermectin 600 μg/kg for 6 days vs placebo on time to sustained recovery in outpatients with mild to moderate covid-19: a randomized clinical trial.
treatment options for patients with mild-to-moderate coronavirus disease 2019 in korea.
pre-admission use of sodium glucose transporter-2 inhibitor (sglt-2i) may significantly improves covid-19 outcomes in patients with diabetes: a systematic review, meta-analysis, and meta-regression.
the preclinical discovery and development of molnupiravir for the treatment of sars-cov-2 (covid-19).
use of remdesivir for covid-19 in patients with hematologic cancer.
nirmatrelvir plus ritonavir for early covid-19 in a large u.s. health system : a population-based cohort study.
ivermectin compared with placebo in the clinical course in mexican patients with asymptomatic and mild covid-19: a randomized clinical trial.
clinical outcomes after use of inhaled corticosteroids or oral steroids in a covid-19 telemedicine clinic cohort: retrospective chart review.
hydroxychloroquine for treatment of covid-19 patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
efficacy and safety of ensitrelvir in patients with mild-to-moderate coronavirus disease 2019: the phase 2b part of a randomized, placebo-controlled, phase 2/3 study.
real-world clinical outcomes of treatment with molnupiravir for patients with mild-to-moderate coronavirus disease 2019 during the omicron variant pandemic.
comparative effectiveness of sotrovimab and molnupiravir for preventing severe covid-19 outcomes in non-hospitalised patients on kidney replacement therapy: observational cohort study using the opensafely-ukrr linked platform and srr database.
therapeutic polypeptides and peptidomimetics: powerful tools for covid-19 treatment.
the clinical effectiveness of regen-cov in sars-cov-2 infection with omicron versus delta variants.
paxlovid associated with decreased hospitalization rate among adults with covid-19 - united states, april-september 2022.
nirmatrelvir/ritonavir prescription rate and outcomes in coronavirus disease 2019: a single center study.
<p>estimated impact of oral nirmatrelvir.
pre-exposure prophylaxis with tixagevimab/cilgavimab (azd7442) prevents severe sars-cov-2 infection in recipients of allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation during the omicron wave: a multicentric retrospective study of sfgm-tc.
characteristics and outcomes of patients with covid-19 at high-risk of disease progression receiving sotrovimab, oral antivirals or no treatment in england.
efficacy and safety of nirmatrelvir/ritonavir, molnupiravir, and remdesivir in a real-world cohort of outpatients with covid-19 at high risk of progression: the pisa outpatient clinic experience.
outpatient treatment of confirmed covid-19: a living, rapid review for the american college of physicians.
covid-19 infection in rheumatic patients on chronic antimalarial drugs: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
characterisation of sars-cov-2 genomic variation in response to molnupiravir treatment in the agile phase iia clinical trial.
early access to oral antivirals in high-risk outpatients: good weapons to fight covid-19.
convalescent or standard plasma versus standard of care in the treatment of covid-19 patients with respiratory impairment: short and long-term effects. a three-arm randomized controlled clinical trial.
outcomes of high-risk adult outpatients with haematological malignancies treated with early remdesivir therapy during the sars-cov-2 omicron era: experiences from the national centre of hungary.
exploratory data on the clinical efficacy of monoclonal antibodies against sars-cov-2 omicron variant of concern.
azd7442 (tixagevimab/cilgavimab) for post-exposure prophylaxis of symptomatic coronavirus disease 2019.
metformin is associated with reduced covid-19 severity in patients with prediabetes.
paxlovid administration in elderly patient with covid-19 caused by omicron ba.2.0: a case report.
early antiviral and supervisory dexamethasone treatment improve clinical outcomes of nonsevere covid-19 patients.
diabetes medications and associations with covid-19 outcomes in the n3c database: a national retrospective cohort study.
comparative effectiveness of sotrovimab and molnupiravir for prevention of severe covid-19 outcomes in patients in the community: observational cohort study with the opensafely platform.
efficacy of colchicine in patients with moderate covid-19: a double-blinded, randomized, placebo-controlled trial.
early treatment with fluvoxamine among patients with covid-19: a cost-consequence model.
monoclonal antibodies for treatment of sars-cov-2 infection during pregnancy : a cohort study.
the paxlovid rebound study: a prospective cohort study to evaluate viral and symptom rebound differences between paxlovid and untreated covid-19 participants.
safety profile of the lopinavir/ritonavir combination before and during the sars-cov-2 pandemic.
monoclonal antibodies against sars-cov-2 infection: results from a real-life study before the omicron surge.
early adoption of anti-sars-cov-2 pharmacotherapies among us veterans with mild to moderate covid-19, january and february 2022.
the efficacy of paxlovid against covid-19 is the result of the tight molecular docking between m<sup>pro</sup> and antiviral drugs (nirmatrelvir and ritonavir).
a comprehensive review on the efficacy of several pharmacologic agents for the treatment of covid-19.
incidence of qtc interval prolongation in patients treated for covid-19 with doubase c or hydroxychloroquine-azithromycin at university hospital of kinshasa.
<p><strong>outpatients prescribed with fluvoxamine around the time of covid-19 diagnosis are not at a reduced risk of subsequent hospitalization and death compared to their non-prescribed peers: population-based matched cohort study</strong></p>.
nirmatrelvir and the risk of post-acute sequelae of covid-19.
safety and efficacy of four drug regimens versus standard-of-care for the treatment of symptomatic outpatients with covid-19: a randomised, open-label, multi-arm, phase 2 clinical trial.
real-world effectiveness of nirmatrelvir/ritonavir use for covid-19: a population-based cohort study in ontario, canada.
clinical outcomes of remdesivir-treated covid-19 patients in south korea.
an evaluation of the results of convalescent plasma therapy applied to pregnant women diagnosed as covid-19- positive in a pandemic center: a prospective cohort study.
comparison of safety and outcomes related to remdesivir treatment among dialysis patients hospitalized with covid-19.
effect of antidiabetic therapy on clinical outcomes of covid-19 patients with type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
the effect of nitazoxanide on the clinical outcomes in patients with covid-19: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
effectiveness of evusheld in immunocompromised patients: propensity score-matched analysis.
fluvoxamine for outpatient treatment of covid-19: a decentralized, placebo-controlled, randomized, platform clinical trial.
molnupiravir as an early treatment for covid-19: a real life study.
greek remdesivir cohort (grec) study: effectiveness of antiviral drug remdesivir in hospitalized patients with covid-19 pneumonia.
molnupiravir when used alone seems to be safe and effective as outpatient covid-19 therapy for hemodialyzed patients and kidney transplant recipients.
sars-cov-2 pre-exposure prophylaxis with sotrovimab and tixagevimab/cilgavimab in immunocompromised patients-a single-center experience.
racial and ethnic disparities in outpatient treatment of covid-19 - united states, january-july 2022.
nirmatrelvir/ritonavir and molnupiravir in the treatment of mild/moderate covid-19: results of a real-life study.
[pharmacoepidemiological research of covid-19 in the russian federation egida-2020].
early outpatient treatment with remdesivir in patients at high risk for severe covid-19: a prospective cohort study.
favipiravir in early symptomatic covid-19, a randomised placebo-controlled trial.
impact of inhaled ciclesonide on asymptomatic or mild covid-19: a randomized trial.
within-trial economic analysis of resource use from comet-ice: a phase 3 clinical trial evaluating sotrovimab for the treatment of patients with covid-19 at high risk of progression.
effect of fluvoxamine on outcomes of nonhospitalized patients with covid-19: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
molnupiravir versus placebo in unvaccinated and vaccinated patients with early sars-cov-2 infection in the uk (agile cst-2): a randomised, placebo-controlled, double-blind, phase 2 trial.
comparison of the risk of hospitalisation among ba.1 and ba.2 covid-19 cases treated with sotrovimab in the community in england.
effect of ivermectin vs placebo on time to sustained recovery in outpatients with mild to moderate covid-19: a randomized clinical trial.
selenium and covid-19: a spotlight on the clinical trials, inventive compositions, and patent literature.
comparative effectiveness of neutralising monoclonal antibodies in high risk covid-19 patients: a bayesian network meta-analysis.
the efficacy and safety of remdesivir and its combination with other drug for the treatment of covid-19: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
impact of a subcutaneous casirivimab and imdevimab clinic in outpatients with symptomatic covid-19: a single-center, propensity-matched cohort study.
pharmacological therapies and drug development targeting sars-cov-2 infection.
favipiravir, lopinavir-ritonavir, or combination therapy (flare): a randomised, double-blind, 2 × 2 factorial placebo-controlled trial of early antiviral therapy in covid-19.
clinical antiviral efficacy of remdesivir and casirivimab/imdevimab against the sars-cov-2 delta and omicron variants.
stable nebulization and muco-trapping properties of regdanvimab/in-006 support its development as a potent, dose-saving inhaled therapy for covid-19.
chlorpheniramine intranasal spray to accelerate covid-19 clinical recovery in an outpatient setting: the accros trials.
the impact of covid-19 monoclonal antibodies on clinical outcomes: a retrospective cohort study.
change in effectiveness of sotrovimab for preventing hospitalization and mortality for at-risk covid-19 outpatients during an omicron ba.1 and ba.1.1-predominant phase.
colchicine and aspirin in community patients with covid-19 (act): an open-label, factorial, randomised, controlled trial.
[immunotherapy with anti-sars-cov-2 neutralizing f(ab')2 antibodies from equine serum in the treatment of outpatients with bilateral covid-19 pneumonia].
effectiveness of the neutralizing antibody sotrovimab among high-risk patients with mild-to-moderate sars-cov-2 in qatar.
covid-19 outcomes in patients taking cardioprotective medications.
real-world clinical outcomes of bebtelovimab and sotrovimab treatment of high-risk persons with coronavirus disease 2019 during the omicron epoch.
association of molnupiravir and nirmatrelvir-ritonavir with preventable mortality, hospital admissions and related avoidable healthcare system cost among high-risk patients with mild to moderate covid-19.
real-world effectiveness of molnupiravir and nirmatrelvir plus ritonavir against mortality, hospitalisation, and in-hospital outcomes among community-dwelling, ambulatory patients with confirmed sars-cov-2 infection during the omicron wave in hong kong: an observational study.
evaluation and comparison of vitamin a supplementation with standard therapies in the treatment of patients with covid-19.
dna-delivered antibody cocktail exhibits improved pharmacokinetics and confers prophylactic protection against sars-cov-2.
regular use of ivermectin as prophylaxis for covid-19 led up to a 92% reduction in covid-19 mortality rate in a dose-response manner: results of a prospective observational study of a strictly controlled population of 88,012 subjects.
real-world clinical outcomes of treatment with molnupiravir for patients with mild- to-moderate coronavirus disease 2019 during the omicron variant pandemic.
outcomes of monoclonal antibody infusion treatment during delta (b.1.617.2) and omicron (b.1.1.529) covid 19 variant surges among vaccinated and unvaccinated patients.
impact of fluvoxamine on outpatient treatment of covid-19 in honduras.
viral load decrease in sars-cov-2 ba.1 and ba.2 omicron sublineages infection after treatment with monoclonal antibodies and direct antiviral agents.
effectiveness of subcutaneous casirivimab and imdevimab in ambulatory patients with covid-19.
tixagevimab-cilgavimab as an early treatment for covid-19 in kidney transplant recipients.
fragile-colcovid19: a clinical trial based on early administration of an oral combination of colchicine and prednisone in elderly patients with covid-19 in geriatric facilities.
clinical benefits of inhaled ciclesonide for hospitalized patients with covid-19 infection: a retrospective study.
<p>molnupiravir use and severe covid-19 outcomes during the omicron surge</p>.
treatment outcome with high versus low-to-moderate dosing of corticosteroids in early vis-a-vis late-onset hypoxic cases of covid-19: a multicentric retrospective cohort study.
oral inhalation of cannabidiol delivered from a metered dose inhaler to alleviate cytokine production induced by sars-cov-2 and pollutants.
reply to "successful early use of anti-sars-cov-2 monoclonal neutralizing antibodies in sars-cov-2 infected hematological patients-a czech multicenter experience": a case series of sars-cov-2 omicron infection and aggressive lymphoma in the sotrovimab era.
a randomized, open-label trial of combined nitazoxanide and atazanavir/ritonavir for mild to moderate covid-19.
repurposing potential of the antiparasitic agent ivermectin for the treatment and/or prophylaxis of covid-19.
convalescent plasma for covid-19: a single center prospective experience with serial antibody measurements and review of the literature.
short-course early outpatient remdesivir prevents severe disease due to covid-19 in organ transplant recipients during the omicron ba.2 wave.
real-world use of molnupiravir in the treatment of outpatients with sars-cov-2 infection-a patient profile based on the experience of a tertiary infectious disease center.
identification of suitable drug combinations for treating covid-19 using a novel machine learning approach: the rain method.
the efficacy of paxlovid in elderly patients infected with sars-cov-2 omicron variants: results of a non-randomized clinical trial.
a critical analysis of the use of cilgavimab plus tixagevimab monoclonal antibody cocktail (evusheld™) for covid-19 prophylaxis and treatment.
care for adults with covid-19: living guidelines from the national covid-19 clinical evidence taskforce.
comparative effectiveness of sotrovimab and molnupiravir for prevention of severe covid-19 outcomes in non-hospitalised patients: an observational cohort study using the opensafely platform.
effectiveness of molnupiravir in high-risk patients: a propensity score matched analysis.
comparable outcomes for bebtelovimab and ritonavir-boosted nirmatrelvir treatment in high-risk patients with coronavirus disease-2019 during severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 ba.2 omicron epoch.
nirmatrelvir combined with ritonavir for preventing and treating covid-19.
real world effectiveness of tixagevimab/cilgavimab (evusheld) in the omicron era.
development of sars-cov-2 infection in patients with rheumatic conditions on hydroxychloroquine monotherapy vs. patients without rheumatic conditions: a retrospective, propensity-matched cohort study.
early and out-of-hospital use of covid-19 convalescent plasma: an international assessment of utilization and feasibility.
real-world use of nirmatrelvir-ritonavir in covid-19 outpatients during the emergence of omicron variants ba.2/ba2.12.1.
a randomized phase 2/3 study of ensitrelvir, a novel oral sars-cov-2 3c-like protease inhibitor, in japanese patients with mild-to-moderate covid-19 or asymptomatic sars-cov-2 infection: results of the phase 2a part.
real-world effectiveness of nirmatrelvir/ritonavir in preventing hospitalization among patients with covid-19 at high risk for severe disease in the united states: a nationwide population-based cohort study.
nitazoxanide and covid-19: a review.
azithromycin use and outcomes in patients with covid-19: an observational real-world study.
real-world effectiveness of sotrovimab for the early treatment of covid-19 during sars-cov-2 delta and omicron waves in the united states.
efficacy and safety of molnupiravir in covid-19 patients: a systematic review.
efficacy and safety of covid-19 treatment using convalescent plasma transfusion: updated systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
randomized trial of metformin, ivermectin, and fluvoxamine for covid-19.
favipiravir in patients with early mild-to-moderate coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19): a randomized controlled trial.
efficacy and safety of nitazoxanide in treating sars-cov-2 infection: a systematic review and meta-analysis of blinded, placebo-controlled, randomized clinical trials.
safety and efficacy of convalescent plasma as a therapy for sars-cov-2: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
curbing the delta surge: clinical outcomes after treatment with bamlanivimab-etesevimab, casirivimab-imdevimab, or sotrovimab for mild to moderate coronavirus disease 2019.
real-world effectiveness of <i>yindan jiedu</i> granules-based treatment on patients infected with the sars-cov-2 omicron variants ba.2 combined with high-risk factors: a cohort study.
lessons learned from the use of covid-19 convalescent plasma at kaiser permanente.
a randomized clinical trial of regdanvimab in high-risk patients with mild-to-moderate coronavirus disease 2019.
impact of the use of oral antiviral agents on the risk of hospitalization in community coronavirus disease 2019 patients (covid-19).
corticosteroids: a boon or bane for covid-19 patients?.
safety profile and outcomes of early covid-19 treatments in immunocompromised patients: a single-centre cohort study.
need for a standardized translational drug development platform: lessons learned from the repurposing of drugs for covid-19.
colchicine for the prevention of covid-19 "hard" outcomes: all that glitters is not gold. an updated analysis of randomized controlled trials.
efficacy and safety of ivermectin in the treatment of mild to moderate covid-19 infection: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
european society of clinical microbiology and infectious diseases guidelines for coronavirus disease 2019: an update on treatment of patients with mild/moderate disease.
the clinical efficacy and safety of anti-viral agents for non-hospitalized patients with covid-19: a systematic review and network meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
outpatient convalescent plasma therapy for high-risk patients with early covid-19: a randomized placebo-controlled trial.
nirmatrelvir use and severe covid-19 outcomes during the omicron surge.
nirmatrelvir/ritonavir and molnuipiravir in the treatment of mild/moderate covid-19: results of a real-life study.
early treatment of favipiravir in covid-19 patients without pneumonia: a multicentre, open-labelled, randomized control study.
covid-19 vaccine effectiveness against omicron (b.1.1.529) variant infection and hospitalisation in patients taking immunosuppressive medications: a retrospective cohort study.
oral nirmatrelvir and ritonavir in nonhospitalized vaccinated patients with coronavirus disease 2019.
remdesivir administration in covid-19 patients with renal impairment: a systematic review.
safety and efficacy of antiviral drugs for the treatment of covid-19: a systematic review.
comparative outcomes after early sotrovimab administration in vaccinated and unvaccinated kidney transplant recipients with sars-cov-2 infection during the delta and omicron ba.1 surges.
clinical characteristics and implications of bradycardia in covid-19 patients treated with remdesivir: a single-center retrospective cohort study.
uptake of sotrovimab for prevention of severe covid-19 and its safety in the community in england.
effect of corticosteroid therapy on mortality in covid-19 patients-a systematic review and meta-analysis.
covid-19 convalescent plasma for the treatment of immunocompromised patients: a systematic review.
the efficiency of convalescent plasma in covid-19 patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled clinical trials.
virologic efficacy of casirivimab and imdevimab covid-19 antibody combination in outpatients with sars-cov-2 infection: a phase 2 dose-ranging randomized clinical trial.
clinical practice guidelines from the association for the advancement of blood and biotherapies (aabb): covid-19 convalescent plasma.
inhaled fluticasone for outpatient treatment of covid-19: a decentralized, placebo-controlled, randomized, platform clinical trial.
ivermectin for treatment of mild-to-moderate covid-19 in the outpatient setting: a decentralized, placebo-controlled, randomized, platform clinical trial.
the assessment of the efficacy and safety of favipiravir for patients with sars-cov-2 infection: a multicenter non-randomized, uncontrolled single-arm prospective study.
selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (ssri) antidepressants reduce covid-19 infection: prospects for use.
covid-19 rebound after paxlovid treatment during omicron ba.5 vs ba.2.12.1 subvariant predominance period.
determining population-level allocation strategies for covid-19 treatments in the united states using a quantitative framework, a case study using nirmatrelvir/ritonavir.
pre-exposure prophylaxis with tixagevimab and cilgavimab (evusheld) for covid-19 among 1112 severely immunocompromised patients.
viral kinetics of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (sars-cov-2) omicron infection in mrna-vaccinated individuals treated and not treated with nirmatrelvir-ritonavir.
determinants of passive antibody efficacy in sars-cov-2 infection.
noninferiority of subcutaneous versus intravenous casirivimab/imdevimab for outpatient treatment of sars-cov-2 in a real-world setting.
combination therapy with remdesivir and immunomodulators improves respiratory status in covid-19: a retrospective study.
convalescent plasma in older adults with covid-19: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
preliminary clinical experience of molnupiravir to prevent progression of covid-19 in kidney transplant recipients.
real-world effectiveness of early remdesivir and sotrovimab in the highest-risk covid-19 outpatients during the omicron surge.
a randomized controlled trial of combined ivermectin and zinc sulfate versus combined hydroxychloroquine, darunavir/ritonavir, and zinc sulfate among adult patients with asymptomatic or mild coronavirus-19 infection.
antidepressant drugs and covid-19: a review of basic and clinical evidence.
early clinical experience with molnupiravir for mild to moderate breakthrough covid-19 among fully vaccinated patients at risk for disease progression.
a randomised -controlled phase 2 trial of molnupiravir in unvaccinated and vaccinated individuals with early sars-cov-2.
targeted sars-cov-2 treatment is associated with decreased mortality in immunocompromised patients with covid-19.
atazanavir versus lopinavir on covid-19 infection: a retrospective protease inhibitors comparative study 2020.
antiviral drug treatment for nonsevere covid-19: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
association of nirmatrelvir/ritonavir treatment on upper respiratory severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (sars-cov-2 rt-pcr) negative conversion rates among high-risk patients with coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19).
systematic review and meta-analysis of ivermectin for treatment of covid-19: evidence beyond the hype.
favipiravir and/or nitazoxanide: a randomized, double-blind, 2×2 design, placebo-controlled trial of early therapy in covid-19 in health workers, their household members, and patients treated at imss (fantaze).
real-world experience of sotrovimab in high-risk, immunocompromised covid-19 patients.
safety and efficacy of molnupiravir in sars-cov-2-infected patients: a real-life experience.
molnupiravir for the treatment of covid-19.
outcomes of bebtelovimab and sotrovimab treatment of solid organ transplant recipients with mild-to-moderate coronavirus disease 2019 during the omicron epoch.
pharmacometric assessment of the in vivo antiviral activity of ivermectin in early symptomatic covid-19.
bradyarrhythmia after remdesivir administration in sars-cov-2: a review of literature and meta-analysis of observational studies in epidemiology.
effect of colchicine on the outcomes of patients with covid-19: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
efficacy of early treatment with hydroxychloroquine in people with mild to moderate covid-19: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
effectiveness of casirivimab-imdevimab and sotrovimab during a sars-cov-2 delta variant surge: a cohort study and randomized comparative effectiveness trial.
potential benefit of early treatment with sotrovimab in patients with high risk for severe covid-19 carrying ba.2 infection.
biological actions, implications, and cautions of statins therapy in covid-19.
timing of regen-cov administration and progression to severe covid-19.
the effect of ivermectin on the viral load and culture viability in early treatment of nonhospitalized patients with mild covid-19 - a double-blind, randomized placebo-controlled trial.
protocol of pakistan randomized and observational trial to evaluate coronavirus treatment among newly diagnosed patients with covid-19: azithromycin, oseltamivir, and hydroxychloquine.
covid-19 therapeutics and outcomes among solid organ transplant recipients during the omicron ba.1 era.
efficacy and safety of camostat mesylate in early covid-19 disease in an ambulatory setting: a randomized placebo-controlled phase ii trial.
comparative pharmacokinetics of tixagevimab/cilgavimab (azd7442) administered intravenously versus intramuscularly in symptomatic sars-cov-2 infection.
effectiveness of casirivimab-imdevimab monoclonal antibody treatment among high-risk patients with severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 b.1.617.2 (delta variant) infection.
the effect of inhaled corticosteroids on the outcomes of patients with covid-19: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
antiviral efficacy and safety of molnupiravir against omicron variant infection: a randomized controlled clinical trial.
non-effectiveness of ivermectin on inpatients and outpatients with covid-19.
clinical advancement of patients infected with sars-cov-2 omicron variant in shanghai, china.
receipt of anti-sars-cov-2 pharmacotherapies among u.s. veterans with mild to moderate covid-19, january-february 2022.
sotrovimab lowers the risk of covid-19 related hospitalization or death in a large population cohort in the united arab emirates.
cost-effectiveness analysis of molnupiravir versus best supportive care for the treatment of outpatient covid-19 in adults in the us.
abstracts of presentations at the association of clinical scientists 143<sup>rd</sup> meeting louisville, ky may 11-14,2022.
medications associated with lower mortality in a sars-cov-2 positive cohort of 26,508 veterans.
use of hydroxychloroquine and azithromycin combination to treat the covid-19 infection.
insights from a computational analysis of the sars-cov-2 omicron variant: host-pathogen interaction, pathogenicity, and possible drug therapeutics.
efficacy and safety of ensitrelvir in patients with mild-to-moderate covid-19: the phase 2b part of a randomized, placebo-controlled, phase 2/3 study.
the ai-assisted identification and clinical efficacy of baricitinib in the treatment of covid-19.
safety and efficacy of ivermectin for the prevention and treatment of covid-19: a double-blinded randomized placebo-controlled study.
oral co-supplementation of curcumin, quercetin, and vitamin d3 as an adjuvant therapy for mild to moderate symptoms of covid-19-results from a pilot open-label, randomized controlled trial.
a multi-center, open-label, randomized controlled trial to evaluate the efficacy of convalescent plasma therapy for coronavirus disease 2019: a trial protocol (covipla-rct).
efficacy of single-dose and double-dose ivermectin early treatment in preventing progression to hospitalization in mild covid-19: a multi-arm, parallel-group randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
comparative evaluation of authorized drugs for treating covid-19 patients.
in vivo virological efficacy of monoclonal antibodies and direct antiviral agents against the sars-cov-2 ba.1 and ba.2 omicron sublineages.
the effect of ivermectin on cases of covid-19.
effectiveness of subcutaneous casirivimab and imdevimab relative to no covid-19 antibody treatment among patients diagnosed with covid-19 in the ambulatory setting.
tixagevimab/cilgavimab pre-exposure prophylaxis is associated with lower breakthrough infection risk in vaccinated solid organ transplant recipients during the omicron wave.
covid-19 rebound after paxlovid and molnupiravir during january-june 2022.
ivermectin for preventing and treating covid-19.
clinical efficacy of different monoclonal antibody regimens among non-hospitalised patients with mild to moderate covid-19 at high risk for disease progression: a prospective cohort study.
safety and tolerability of remdesivir in patients with end-stage renal disease on maintenance hemodialysis.
change in effectiveness of sotrovimab for preventing hospitalization and mortality in covid-19 outpatients during the omicron phase.
treatment with metformin glycinate reduces sars-cov-2 viral load: an in vitro model and randomized, double-blind, phase iib clinical trial.
nirmatrelvir plus ritonavir for early covid-19 and hospitalization in a large us health system.
early oxygen requirement in patients with mild-to-moderate covid-19 who received regdanvimab after delta-variant outbreak.
rebound phenomenon after nirmatrelvir/ritonavir treatment of coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) in high-risk persons.
the association between antidiabetic agents and clinical outcomes of covid-19 patients with diabetes: a bayesian network meta-analysis.
treatment of persistent covid-19 in two b-cell-depleted patients with the monoclonal antibody sotrovimab.
janus kinase inhibitors for the treatment of covid-19.
the comparative effectiveness of covid-19 monoclonal antibodies: a learning health system randomized clinical trial.
favipiravir and/or nitazoxanide: a randomized, double-blind, 2x2 design, placebo-controlled trial of early therapy in covid-19 (fantaze).
sofosbuvir/ledipasvir in combination or nitazoxanide alone are safe and efficient treatments for covid-19 infection: a randomized controlled trial for repurposing antivirals.
efficacy and safety of intramuscular administration of tixagevimab-cilgavimab for early outpatient treatment of covid-19 (tackle): a phase 3, randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
efficacy and safety of hydroxychloroquine in healthcare professionals with mild sars-cov-2 infection: prospective, non-randomized trial.
efficacy of covid-19 treatments among geriatric patients: a systematic review.
efficacy and safety of nitazoxanide in treating sars-cov-2 infection: a systematic review and meta-analysis of blinded, placebo- controlled, randomized clinical trials.
outcomes of pregnant patients treated with regen-cov during the covid-19 pandemic.
efficacy and safety of blood derivative therapy for patients with covid-19: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
protection by metformin against severe covid-19: an in-depth mechanistic analysis.
use of proton pump inhibitors with dexamethasone in patients with covid-19 pneumonia: contributions to long-term polypharmacy.
effect of molnupiravir on biomarkers, respiratory interventions, and medical services in covid-19 : a randomized, placebo-controlled trial.
effectiveness of paxlovid in reducing severe coronavirus disease 2019 and mortality in high-risk patients.
viral load rebound in placebo and nirmatrelvir-ritonavir treated covid-19 patients is not associated with recurrence of severe disease or mutations.
the association between pre-exposure to glucocorticoids and other immunosuppressant drugs with severe covid-19 outcomes.
remdesivir and its combination with repurposed drugs as covid-19 therapeutics.
clinical efficacy of casirivimab-imdevimab antibody combination treatment in patients with covid-19 delta variant.
molnupiravir in covid-19: a scoping review.
trends, variation and clinical characteristics of recipients of antivirals and neutralising monoclonal antibodies for non-hospitalised covid-19: a descriptive cohort study of 23.4 million people in opensafely.
real-world effectiveness of molnupiravir and nirmatrelvir/ritonavir against mortality, hospitalization, and in-hospital outcomes among community-dwelling, ambulatory covid-19 patients during the ba.2.2 wave in hong kong: an observational study.
evaluation of monoclonal antibodies in preventing hospitalizations, emergency department visits, and mortality in high-risk covid-19 patients.
regen-cov antibody combination in patients with lymphoproliferative malignancies and sars-cov-2 infection.
clinical effectiveness of regdanvimab treatment for mild-to-moderate covid-19: a retrospective cohort study.
ivermectin compared with placebo in the clinical evolution of mexican patients with asymptomatic and mild covid-19: a randomized clinical trial.
real-world experience with available, outpatient covid-19 therapies in solid organ transplant recipients during the omicron surge.
favipiravir-based treatment for outcomes of patients with covid-19: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
atrial fibrillation in covid-19 patients receiving remdesivir, matched case-control analysis.
real-world evidence of the neutralizing monoclonal antibody sotrovimab for preventing hospitalization and mortality in covid-19 outpatients.
real-world assessment of 2879 covid-19 patients treated with monoclonal antibody therapy: a propensity score-matched cohort study.
prospective individual patient data meta-analysis of two randomized trials on convalescent plasma for covid-19 outpatients.
first-generation oral antivirals against sars-cov-2.
agreement of treatment effects from observational studies and randomized controlled trials evaluating hydroxychloroquine, lopinavir-ritonavir, or dexamethasone for covid-19: meta-epidemiological study.
a home-treatment algorithm based on anti-inflammatory drugs to prevent hospitalization of patients with early covid-19: a matched-cohort study (cover 2).
emulation of a target trial from observational data to compare effectiveness of casirivimab/imdevimab and bamlanivimab/etesevimab for early treatment of non-hospitalized patients with covid-19.
rates of severe outcomes after bamlanivimab-etesevimab and casirivimab-imdevimab treatment of high-risk patients with mild to moderate coronavirus disease 2019.
the effect of casirivimab with imdevimab on disease progression in nonsevere covid-19 patients in a single hospital in japan.
the microbial profile and resistance pattern of pathogens isolated from long covid pneumonia patients and their correlation to clinical outcome: our experience from a tertiary care hospital.
recommendations for the outpatient drug treatment of patients with covid-19.
immune treatment in covid-19.
<p>ivermectin is associated with increase in spo2 in hypoxemic sars-cov-2 patients: pharmacodynamic profile and correlates.</p><p> </p>.
antiviral used among non-severe covid-19 cases in relation to time till viral clearance: a retrospective cohort study.
efficacy of sofosbuvir plus ledipasvir in egyptian patients with covid-19 compared to standard treatment: a randomized controlled trial.
impact of vaccination and early monoclonal antibody therapy on coronavirus disease 2019 outcomes in organ transplant recipients during the omicron wave.
effectiveness of the neutralizing antibody sotrovimab among high-risk patients with mild to moderate sars-cov-2 in qatar.
molnupiravir and its antiviral activity against covid-19.
a comparison of the efficacy of adjuvant parenteral methylprednisolone and dexamethasone in reducing covid-19 disease severity and mortality among the moderate to critical patients -a retrospective study.
favipiravir for treatment of outpatients with asymptomatic or uncomplicated coronavirus disease 2019: a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, phase 2 trial.
monoclonal antibodies for treatment of sars-cov-2 infection during pregnancy.
colchicine for covid-19 in the community (principle): a randomised, controlled, adaptive platform trial.
differential efficacy and safety of anti-sars-cov-2 antibody therapies for the management of covid-19: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
randomized controlled trial of colchicine add on to the standard therapy in moderate and severe corona virus disease-19 infection.
prevalence of ecg testing and characteristics among new hydroxychloroquine and chloroquine users within a multi-center tertiary care center.
outcome of covid-19 in interstitial lung disease patients treated with anti-inflammatory drugs and antiviral drugs.
sotrovimab drives sars-cov-2 omicron variant evolution in immunocompromised patients.
remdesivir in coronavirus disease 2019 patients treated with anti-cd20 monoclonal antibodies: a case series.
“efficacy and safety of fixed combination of hydroxychloroquine with azithromycin versus hydroxychloroquine and placebo in patients with mild covid-19: randomized, double blind, placebo controlled trial”.
association of subcutaneous or intravenous administration of casirivimab and imdevimab monoclonal antibodies with clinical outcomes in adults with covid-19.
outcome of very high-risk patients treated by sotrovimab for mild-to-moderate covid-19 omicron, a prospective cohort study (the anrs 0003s cocoprev study).
early th2 inflammation in the upper respiratory mucosa as a predictor of severe covid-19 and modulation by early treatment with inhaled corticosteroids: a mechanistic analysis.
therapeutic efficacy of four antiviral drugs in treatment of covid-19: a protocol for systematic review and network meta-analysis.
effectiveness of convalescent plasma therapy in covid-19 patients with haematological malignancies.
newly developed artificial intelligence algorithm for covid-19 pneumonia: utility of quantitative ct texture analysis for prediction of favipiravir treatment effect.
trial of early antiviral therapies during non-hospitalized outpatient window (treat now) for covid-19: a summary of the protocol and analysis plan for a decentralized randomized controlled trial.
innovative randomized phase i study and dosing regimen selection to accelerate and inform pivotal covid-19 trial of nirmatrelvir.
fluvoxamine for outpatient management of covid-19 to prevent hospitalization: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
fluvoxamine in nonhospitalized patients with acute covid-19 infection and the lack of efficacy in reducing rates of hospitalization, mechanical ventilation, and mortality in placebo-controlled trials: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
real world experience with regdanvimab treatment of mild-to-moderate coronavirus disease-19 in a covid-19 designated hospital of korea.
effectiveness of regdanvimab at preventing the need for oxygen therapy in patients with mild-to-moderate covid-19: a retrospective cohort study.
fluvoxamine treatment of patients with symptomatic covid-19 in a community treatment center: a preliminary result of randomized controlled trial.
safety and efficacy of colchicine in covid-19 patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized control trials.
model-based cost-effectiveness analysis of oral antivirals against sars-cov-2 in korea.
hydroxychloroquine versus placebo in the treatment of non-hospitalised patients with covid-19 (cope - coalition v): a double-blind, multicentre, randomised, controlled trial.
use of antivirals in sars-cov-2 infection. critical review of the role of remdesivir.
diabetes, metformin and the clinical course of covid-19: outcomes, mechanisms and suggestions on the therapeutic use of metformin.
sars-cov-2 neutralizing monoclonal antibodies for the treatment of covid-19 in kidney transplant recipients.
real world evidence of the neutralizing monoclonal antibody sotrovimab for preventing hospitalization and mortality in covid-19 outpatients.
early outpatient treatment of covid-19: a retrospective analysis of 392 cases in italy.
<p>convalescent plasma to treat covid-19: a randomized double blind 2 centers trial</p>.
effectiveness of pulse dose methyl prednisolone in management of covid 19: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
availability of oral antivirals against sars-cov-2 infection and the requirement for an ethical prescribing approach.
the naturally-derived alkaloids as a potential treatment for covid-19: a scoping review.
efficacy of pharmacological interventions in covid-19: a network meta-analysis.
acute pancreatitis or severe increase in pancreatic enzyme levels following remdesivir administration in covid-19 patients: an observational study.
effect of early treatment with ivermectin among patients with covid-19.
early outpatient treatment for covid-19 with convalescent plasma.
the roles of methylprednisolone treatment in patients with covid-19: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
short-term outcomes of corticosteroid monotherapy in multisystem inflammatory syndrome in children.
an update of antispike severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (sars-cov-2) monoclonal antibodies.
antidepressants for covid-19: a systematic review.
a systematic review of the global intervention for sars-cov-2 combating: from drugs repurposing to molnupiravir approval.
randomized controlled trial of favipiravir, hydroxychloroquine, and standard care in patients with mild/moderate covid-19 disease.
anti-inflammatory response of cardamom extract and prediction of therapeutic window in covid-19 patients by assessing inflammatory markers using rt-pcr.
efficacy of the combination of baricitinib, remdesivir, and dexamethasone in hypoxic adults with covid-19: a retrospective study.
molnupiravir: a lethal mutagenic drug against rapidly mutating severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2-a narrative review.
inhaled ciclesonide for outpatient treatment of covid-19 in adults at risk of adverse outcomes: a randomised controlled trial (coverage).
comparative efficacy of early covid-19 monoclonal antibody therapies: a retrospective analysis.
regen-cov antibody combination in outpatients with covid-19 – phase 1/2 results.
efficacy and safety of regdanvimab (ct-p59): a phase 2/3 randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial in outpatients with mild-to-moderate coronavirus disease 2019.
antiviral activity of molnupiravir against covid-19: a schematic review of evidences.
continued use of azithromycin for mild covid-19 in india: evidence and implications?.
effect of sotrovimab on hospitalization or death among high-risk patients with mild to moderate covid-19: a randomized clinical trial.
[sotrovimab in controlling sars-cov-2 infection].
drug interaction risk between cardioprotective drugs and drugs used in treatment of covid-19: a evidence-based review from six databases.
comparison of the ivermectin and lopinavir/ritonavir treatment outcomes among covid-19 mild to moderate cases in kaduna state.
safety and efficacy of a meuri program for the use of high dose ivermectin in covid-19 patients.
covid-19 convalescent plasma and clinical trials: understanding conflicting outcomes.
fluvoxamine for the early treatment of covid-19: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
rationale and design of the covid-19 outpatient prevention evaluation (cope - coalition v) randomized clinical trial: hydroxychloroquine vs. placebo in non-hospitalized patients.
evaluation of the effectiveness of remdesivir in severe covid-19 using observational data from a prospective national cohort study.
treatment with anti-sars-cov-2 monoclonal antibodies in pregnant and postpartum women: first experiences in florence, italy.
the development of broad-spectrum antiviral medical countermeasures to treat viral hemorrhagic fevers caused by natural or weaponized virus infections.
impact of colchicine on mortality and morbidity in covid-19: a systematic review.
the anti-coronavirus therapies (act) trials: design, baseline characteristics, and challenges.
molnupiravir and nirmatrelvir-ritonavir: oral coronavirus disease 2019 antiviral drugs.
cost-effectiveness of casirivimab/imdevimab in patients with covid-19 in the ambulatory setting.
a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial of nitazoxanide for treatment of mild or moderate covid-19.
adverse effects of remdesivir, hydroxychloroquine and lopinavir/ritonavir when used for covid-19: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised trials.
assessment of recovery time, worsening, and death among inpatients and outpatients with covid-19, treated with hydroxychloroquine or chloroquine plus azithromycin combination in burkina faso.
<p>cluster randomised trials - ivermectin repurposing for covid-19 treatment of outpatients with mild disease in primary health care centers</p>.
ciprofloxacin-resistant <i>pseudomonas aeruginosa</i> lung abscess complicating covid-19 treated with the novel oral fluoroquinolone delafloxacin.
<p>the efficacy of casirivimab/imdevimab in solid organ transplant recipients with mild-to-moderate covid-19</p>.
real-world effectiveness of casirivimab and imdevimab in patients with covid-19 in the ambulatory setting: an analysis of two large us national claims databases.
effect of monoclonal antibody therapy on the endogenous sars-cov-2 antibody response.
oral nirmatrelvir/ritonavir therapy for covid-19: the dawn in the dark?.
convalescent plasma in covid-19: renewed focus on the timing and effectiveness of an old therapy.
convalescent plasma treatment in patients with covid-19: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
<p>systematic review and meta-analysis of ivermectin for treatment of covid-19: evidence beyond the hype</p>.
<p>a comparison of ivermectin and non ivermectin based regimen for covid 19 in abuja: effects on virus clearance, days-to-discharge and mortality.</p>.
steroid treatment balance according to the lymphocyte / white blood cells ratio in covid-19 patients, a retrospective cohort analysis.
efficacy of ivermectin treatment on disease progression among adults with mild to moderate covid-19 and comorbidities: the i-tech randomized clinical trial.
impact of antibody cocktail therapy combined with casirivimab and imdevimab on clinical outcome for patients with covid-19 in a real-life setting: a single institute analysis.
oral nirmatrelvir for high-risk, nonhospitalized adults with covid-19.
experience of rwanda on covid-19 case management: from uncertainties to the era of neutralizing monoclonal antibodies.
regdanvimab in patients with mild-to-moderate sars-cov-2 infection: a propensity score-matched retrospective cohort study.
outpatient therapies for covid-19: how do we choose?.
the utility of remdesivir in sars-cov-2: a single tertiary care center experience from a developing country.
favipiravir, lopinavir-ritonavir or combination therapy (flare): a randomised, double blind, 2x2 factorial placebo-controlled trial of early antiviral therapy in covid-19.
evidence-based dosing of convalescent plasma for covid-19 in future trials.
high-titre methylene blue-treated convalescent plasma as an early treatment for outpatients with covid-19: a randomised, placebo-controlled trial.
ivermectin in covid-19: the case for a moratorium on prescriptions.
omicron: a heavily mutated sars-cov-2 variant exhibits stronger binding to ace2 and potently escapes approved covid-19 therapeutic antibodies.
effectiveness of ivermectin-based multidrug therapy in severely hypoxic, ambulatory covid-19 patients.
hydroxychloroquine for prophylaxis of covid-19 in health workers: a randomized clinical trial.
the effect of favipiravir versus hydroxychloroquine on clinical and laboratory findings in covid-19 in healthcare workers.
efficacy of niclosamide vs placebo in sars-cov-2 respiratory viral clearance, viral shedding, and duration of symptoms among patients with mild to moderate covid-19: a phase 2 randomized clinical trial.
covid-19 in patients with hematologic malignancies: outcomes and options for treatments.
<p>a real-world assessment of unvaccinated and vaccinated patients with coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) treated with monoclonal antibodies during the delta wave</p>.
does metformin affect outcomes in covid-19 patients with new or pre-existing diabetes mellitus? a systematic review and meta-analysis.
covid-19 in recent lung transplant recipients: clinical outcomes and management strategies.
successful early use of anti-sars-cov-2 monoclonal neutralizing antibodies in sars-cov-2 infected hematological patients - a czech multicenter experience.
efficacy and safety of three new oral antiviral treatment (molnupiravir, fluvoxamine and paxlovid) for covid-19：a meta-analysis.
colchicine for covid-19: targeting nlrp3 inflammasome to blunt hyperinflammation.
efficacy and safety of nitazoxanide combined with ritonavir-boosted atazanavir for the treatment of mild to moderate covid-19.
efficacy and safety of colchicine treatment in patients with covid-19: a prospective, multicenter, randomized clinical trial.
efficacy of antiviral therapies for covid-19: a systematic review of randomized controlled trials.
methylprednisolone accelerate chest computed tomography absorption in covid-19: a three-centered retrospective case control study from china.
phase 2/3 trial of molnupiravir for treatment of covid-19 in nonhospitalized adults.
a phase 2 randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of oral camostat mesylate for early treatment of covid-19 outpatients showed shorter illness course and attenuation of loss of smell and taste.
a possible dose-response equation: viral load after plasma infusion in covid-19 patients and anti-sars-cov-2 antibody titers in convalescent plasma.
safety profile of covid-19 drugs in a real clinical setting.
comparing the efficacy of tocilizumab with corticosteroid therapy in treating covid-19 patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
effect of colchicine on mortality in patients with covid-19 - a systematic review and meta-analysis.
oral antivirals for the prevention and treatment of sars-cov-2 infection.
the impact of casirivimab-imdevimab antibody cocktail in patients amidst and post covid 19 treatment: a retro-prospective comparative study in india.
gastrointestinal and hepatic side effects of potential treatment for covid-19 and vaccination in patients with chronic liver diseases.
favipiravir in kidney transplant recipients with covid-19: a romanian case series.
hydroxychloroquine in treatment of asymptomatic and mildly symptomatic covid-19: a multi-centre cohort study.
comparison of clinical outcome between dexamethasone and methyl prednisolone in treatment of moderate to severe covid-19: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
clinical course of covid-19 in a cohort of patients with behçet disease.
an updated practical guideline on use of molnupiravir and comparison with agents having emergency use authorization for treatment of covid-19.
predictive risk factors for hospitalization and response to colchicine in patients with covid-19.
clinical application of antibody immunity against sars-cov-2: comprehensive review on immunoassay and immunotherapy.
efficacy of the use of mefenamic acid combined with standard medical care vs. standard medical care alone for the treatment of covid‑19: a randomized double‑blind placebo‑controlled trial.
efficacy of favipiravir in adults with mild covid-19: a randomized, double-blind, multicentre, placebo-controlled clinical trial.
covid-19 patient management in outpatient setting: a population-based study from southern italy.
metformin use is associated with a decrease in the risk of hospitalization and mortality in covid-19 patients with diabetes: a population-based study in lombardy.
comparing outcomes of two antiviral therapy combinations among covid-19 patients.
<p>auxora vs. placebo for the treatment of patients with severe covid-19 pneumonia: a randomized clinical trial </p>.
effect of convalescent plasma as complementary treatment in patients with moderate covid-19 infection.
review on molnupiravir as a promising oral drug for the treatment of covid-19.
high-dose ivermectin for early treatment of covid-19 (cover study): a randomised, double-blind, multicentre, phase ii, dose-finding, proof-of-concept clinical trial.
an update on drugs with therapeutic potential for sars-cov-2 (covid-19) treatment.
efficacy of colchicine and budesonide in improvement outcomes of patients with coronavirus infection 2019 in damascus, syria: a randomized control trial.
convalescent plasma improves overall survival in patients with b-cell lymphoid malignancies and covid-19: a longitudinal cohort and propensity score analysis.
the effect of colchicine on mortality outcome and duration of hospital stay in patients with covid-19: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
retrospective study of outcomes and hospitalization rates of patients in italy with a confirmed diagnosis of early covid-19 and treated at home within 3 days or after 3 days of symptom onset with prescribed and non-prescribed treatments between november 2020 and august 2021.
outcomes of sot recipients with covid-19 in different eras of covid-19 therapeutics.
colchicine use in patients with covid-19: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
phase 3 trial of coronavir (favipiravir) in patients with mild to moderate covid-19.
antibody therapy reverses biological signatures of covid-19 progression.
covid-19 convalescent plasma and randomized clinical trials: explaining conflicting outcomes and finding signals of efficacy.
safety and tolerability of hydroxychloroquine in health care workers and first responders for the prevention of covid-19: whip covid-19 study.
a phase 2a clinical trial of molnupiravir in patients with covid-19 shows accelerated sars-cov-2 rna clearance and elimination of infectious virus.
early remdesivir to prevent progression to severe covid-19 in outpatients.
convalescent plasma therapy in covid-19 and discharge status: a systematic review.
the role of immunomodulatory nutrients in alleviating complications related to sars-cov-2: a scoping review.
rbc-hitchhiking chitosan nanoparticles loading methylprednisolone for lung-targeting delivery.
breakthrough covid-19 after sars-cov-2 vaccination in solid organ transplant recipients: an analysis of symptomatic cases and monoclonal antibody therapy.
bias as a source of inconsistency in ivermectin trials for covid-19: a systematic review. ivermectin's suggested benefits are mainly based on potentially biased results.
effect of early treatment with metformin on risk of emergency care and hospitalization among patients with covid-19: the together randomized platform clinical trial.
randomized controlled trial of early outpatient covid-19 treatment with high-titer convalescent plasma.
fluvoxamine for outpatient covid-19 to prevent hospitalization: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
the place of fluvoxamine in the treatment of non-critically ill patients with covid-19: a living systematic review and meta-analysis.
pre-clinical evaluation of antiviral activity of nitazoxanide against sars-cov-2.
the effects of the antecedent use of inhaled steroid on the clinical course of covid-19: a retrospective study of asthmatic patients.
[assessment of the effectiveness of early treatment in sars-cov-2 infection].
molnupiravir for oral treatment of covid-19 in nonhospitalized patients.
pharmacological basis for the potential role of azithromycin and doxycycline in management of covid-19.
repeat subcutaneous administration of regen-cov® in adults is well-tolerated and prevents the occurrence of covid-19.
a review of the rational and current evidence on colchicine for covid-19.
management of covid patients with convalescent plasma: do we have the final word?.
randomized controlled trial transfusing convalescent plasma as post-exposure prophylaxis against sars-cov-2 infection.
effectiveness of regdanvimab treatment in high-risk covid-19 patients to prevent progression to severe disease.
case series: convalescent plasma therapy for patients with covid-19 and primary antibody deficiency.
coronavirus disease 2019 outcomes among recipients of anti-cd20 monoclonal antibodies for immune-mediated diseases: a comparative cohort study.
understanding the clinical utility of favipiravir (t-705) in coronavirus disease of 2019: a review.
safety and efficacy of hydroxychloroquine for treatment of non-severe covid-19 among adults in uganda: a randomized open label phase ii clinical trial.
convalescent plasma-a light at the end of the tunnel: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
the drug repurposing for covid-19 clinical trials provide very effective therapeutic combinations: lessons learned from major clinical studies.
<p>effectiveness of regdanvimab in patients with mild-to-moderate covid-19: a retrospective cohort study</p>.
a multi-centre, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial of the efficacy and safety of chloroquine phosphate, hydroxychloroquine sulphate and lopinavir/ritonavir for the treatment of covid-19 in lagos state: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
could inhaled corticosteroids be the game changers in the prevention of severe covid-19? a review of current evidence.
fluvoxamine for the early treatment of sars-cov-2 infection: a review of current evidence.
effectiveness and controversy of convalescent plasma therapy for coronavirus disease 2019 patients.
convalescent plasma for outpatients with early covid-19.
anticipated pharmacological role of aviptadil on covid-19.
evaluation of favipiravir in the treatment of covid-19 based on the real-world.
association of subcutaneous or intravenous route of administration of casirivimab and imdevimab monoclonal antibodies with clinical outcomes in covid-19.
protocol: benefits and harms of remdesivir for covid-19 in adults: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
early high-titer convalescent plasma therapy in patients with moderate and severe covid-19.
molnupiravir-a novel oral anti-sars-cov-2 agent.
[clinical benefit of tocilizumab and other immunomodulating agents for treatment of covid-19].
escmid covid-19 living guidelines: drug treatment and clinical management.
.
there are 5 target papers found during the search in pubmed!.
they are:.
in the end, 5 target papers were left after filtering!.
the number of target article missing is: 0.
false positive rate: 0.5792682926829268.
false negative rate: 0.0.

Included target articles are as follow:
molnupiravir plus usual care versus usual care alone as early treatment for adults with covid-19 at increased risk of adverse outcomes (panoramic): an open-label, platform-adaptive randomised controlled trial.
effect of higher-dose ivermectin for 6 days vs placebo on time to sustained recovery in outpatients with covid-19: a randomized clinical trial.
change in effectiveness of sotrovimab for preventing hospitalization and mortality for at-risk covid-19 outpatients during an omicron ba.1 and ba.1.1-predominant phase.
real-world use of nirmatrelvir-ritonavir in outpatients with covid-19 during the era of omicron variants including ba.4 and ba.5 in colorado, usa: a retrospective cohort study.
real-world effectiveness of molnupiravir and nirmatrelvir plus ritonavir against mortality, hospitalisation, and in-hospital outcomes among community-dwelling, ambulatory patients with confirmed sars-cov-2 infection during the omicron wave in hong kong: an observational study.
paxlovid associated with decreased hospitalization rate among adults with covid-19 - united states, april-september 2022.
population-based evaluation of the effectiveness of nirmatrelvir-ritonavir for reducing hospital admissions and mortality from covid-19.
nirmatrelvir use and severe covid-19 outcomes during the omicron surge.
