total number of articles searched: 3664.
objectives: ['to compare the efficacy of conventional systemic agents (acitretin, ciclosporin, fumaric acid esters, methotrexate), small molecules (apremilast, tofacitinib, ponesimod), anti-tnf alpha (etanercept, infliximab, adalimumab, certolizumab), anti-il12/23 (ustekinumab), anti-il17 (secukinumab, ixekizumab, brodalumab), anti-il23 (guselkumab, tildrakizumab), and other biologics (alefacept, itolizumab) for patients with moderate to severe psoriasis.', 'to compare the safety of these systemic pharmacological treatments for chronic plaque psoriasis.', 'to provide a ranking of these treatments according to their efficacy and safety.'].
safety and efficacy of infliximab in palmoplantar psoriasis.
tildrakizumab efficacy on psoriasis in patients with psoriatic arthritis-an analysis from a phase 2 study.
certolizumab pegol is effective for plaque psoriasis across patient subgroups.
safety of certolizumab pegol over 48 weeks in plaque psoriasis phase 3 trials.
efficacy of certolizumab pegol in psoriasis patients failing to respond to etanercept in an ongoing, phase 3, randomised controlled study.
durability of response in plaque psoriasis patients receiving certolizumab pegol over 48 weeks in phase 3 studies: cimpasi-1, cimpasi-2, cimpact.
successful treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis with the pegylated fab' certolizumab pegol: results of a phase ii randomized, placebo-controlled trial with a re-treatment extension.
efficacy of tildrakizumab in etanercept partial or nonresponders.
tildrakizumab efficacy on psoriasis in patients with psoriatic arthritis-a 52-week analysis from a phase 2 study.
efficacy and safety of guselkumab in patients with active psoriatic arthritis: a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, phase 2 study.
clinical efficacy, radiographic and safety findings through 2 years of golimumab treatment in patients with active psoriatic arthritis: results from a long-term extension of the randomised, placebo-controlled go-reveal study.
certolizumab pegol is effective for chronic plaque psoriasis across patient subgroups.
safety of certolizumab pegol over 48 weeks in chronic plaque psoriasis phase 3 trials.
14998 reductions in absolute pasi over 144 weeks of treatment with certolizumab pegol in patients with plaque psoriasis: pooled analysis from two phase 3 trials (cimpasi-1 and cimpasi-2).
15001 durable efficacy of certolizumab pegol dosed at 400 mg every two weeks over 128 weeks in patients with plaque psoriasis enrolled in three phase 3 trials (cimpasi-1, cimpasi-2, and cimpact).
a phase 2 trial of guselkumab versus adalimumab for plaque psoriasis.
primary uvb-311nm and adalimumab in psoriasis patients.
auriel-pso: a randomized, double-blind phase iii equivalence trial to demonstrate the clinical similarity of the proposed biosimilar msb11022 to reference adalimumab in patients with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque-type psoriasis.
efficacy of tildrakizumab in etanercept partial responders or nonresponders.
durable reduction in absolute pasi with certolizumab pegol in patients with chronic plaque psoriasis.
certolizumab pegol for plaque psoriasis: 2-year efficacy results from 2 phase 3 trials (cimpasi-1 and cimpasi-2).
nail outcome improvements with certolizumab pegol in moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: results from phase 3 trials.
safety of certolizumab pegol in plaque psoriasis: pooled 96-week data from three phase 3, multicenter, randomized, placebo-controlled studies (cimpasi-1, cimpasi-2 and cimpact).
long-term efficacy of certolizumab pegol dosed at 400mg every two weeks in patients with plaque psoriasis: pooled 128-week data from two phase iii trials (cimpasi-1 and cimpasi-2).
durable efficacy of certolizumab pegol dosed at 400 mg every two weeks over 128 weeks in patients with plaque psoriasis enrolled in three phase 3 trials (cimpasi-1, 2 and cimpact).
efficacy of continued certolizumab pegol treatment in patients with plaque psoriasis showing a response between psoriasis area and severity index (pasi)75 and pasi90 after the first 16 weeks of treatment.
bimekizumab versus ustekinumab efficacy across subgroups of patients with moderateto-severe plaque psoriasis: results from the multicenter, randomized, double-blinded phase iii be vivid trial.
durability of response in certolizumab pegol-treated patients over 48 weeks in cimpasi-1 & 2 trials.
physician global assessment and body surface area composite tool response in patients with plaque psoriasis after 16 and 48 weeks of certolizumab pegol treatment.
efficacy of continued certolizumab pegol treatment in patients who inadequately respond in the first 16 weeks: results from the cimpact trial.
efficacy and safety of systemic methotrexate versus acitretin in psoriasis patients with significant palmoplantar involvement: a prospective, randomized study.
inhibition of il-17a by secukinumab shows no evidence of increased mycobacterium tuberculosis infections.
adalimumab for the treatment of patients with moderately to severely active psoriatic arthritis: results of a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial.
optimizing adalimumab treatment in psoriasis with concomitant methotrexate (optimap): study protocol for a pragmatic, single-blinded, investigator-initiated randomized controlled trial.
apremilast improves endothelial glycocalyx and microvascular perfusion: a possible protective mechanism against covid-19.
a single-center, open-label, pilot study to evaluate the efficacy and tolerability of narrowband uvb phototherapy in enhancing etanercept's maintenance dose in obese patients with moderate to severe plaque-type psoriasis.
a randomized controlled trial to compare the efficacy and safety of apremilast and methotrexate in patients with palmoplantar psoriasis.
a multi-center, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled dose-ranging study evaluating efficacy and safety of shr-1314 in subjects with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
association between biologic therapies for chronic plaque psoriasis and cardiovascular events: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
15262 cardio-metabolic effects of long-term treatment with secukinumab in psoriatic arthritis and ankylosing spondylitis patients: pooled 3 year analysis.
efficacy of brodalumab in patients with previous biologic exposure and inadequate response to ustekinumab.
lowering interleukin-12 activity improves myocardial and vascular function compared with tumor necrosis factor-a antagonism or cyclosporine in psoriasis.
effect of etanercept therapy on psoriasis symptoms in patients from latin america, central europe, and asia: a subset analysis of the pristine trial.
long-term safety of adalimumab (humira) in adult patients from global clinical trials across multiple indications: an updated analysis in 29,987 patients representing 56,95 patient-years.
sustained maintenance of clinical remission after adalimumab dose reduction in patients with early psoriatic arthritis: a long-term follow-up study.
efficacy 、safety and pk of shr-1314 in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
inhibitionof radiographic progression was achieved with intravenous golimumab in active psa patients regardless of changes in composite indices of disease activity in a phase iii trial.
efficacy of ustekinumab on spondylitis-associated endpoints in tnf-naïve active psoriatic arthritis patients with physician-reported spondylitis.
improvement of psoriasis in patients with and without prior biologic experience: subanalysis of a brodalumab (amg 827) phase 2 study for moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
efficacy and safety of ixekizumab compared to etanercept or placebo treatment of patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis and palmoplantar involvement over a 60-week dosing period: results from uncover-3, a phase 3 trial.
a clinical study of shr-1314 injection in the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis in adults.
secukinumab shows high and sustained efficacy in patients with moderate-to-severe palmoplantar psoriasis: 2.5-year results from the gesture study.
secukinumab is effective in subjects with moderate to severe palmoplantar psoriasis: 1.5 year results from the gesture study.
secukinumab shows significant improvement in patient-reported outcomes in difficult-to-treat palmoplantar psoriasis: week 80 data from the gesture study.
paired comparison of bathwater versus oral delivery of 8-methoxypsoralen in psoralen plus ultraviolet: a therapy for chronic palmoplantar psoriasis.
efficacy and safety of systemic methotrexate vs. acitretin in psoriasis patients with significant palmoplantar involvement: a prospective, randomized study.
international clinical trial to evaluate efficacy and safety of multiple subcutaneous injections of bcd-085 in various doses in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
results of treatment of patients suffering of plaque psoriasis and psoriatic onychodystrophy by bcd-085: analysis of phase ii clinical investigation.
an international multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical study of efficacy and safety of two dosing regimens of bcd-085 (jsc biocad, russia) in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
efficacy and safety of adalimumab in patients with psoriasis previously treated with anti-tumour necrosis factor agents: subanalysis of believe.
netakimab: 12-week results from planeta study, a phase iii trial of a novel il-17 inhibitor in moderate-tosevere plaque psoriasis.
netakimab reduces skin manifestations of psoriatic arthritis: results of subanalysis from a double-blind randomized phase 3 study (patera).
pharmacodynamic and pharmacokinetic response to anti-tumor necrosis factor-alpha monoclonal antibody (infliximab) treatment of moderate to severe psoriasis vulgaris.
secukinumab has demonstrated efficacy and safety in hard-to-treat anti–tumor necrosis factor α failure patients from the united kingdom and republic of ireland: results of the signature study.
multiple ascending dose trial of msb0010841 (anti-il17a/f nanobody) in psoriasis subjects.
a phase ⅲ efficacy and safety study of hemay005 in subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
department of error.
a phase 2b study of the efficacy, safety, and tolerability of m1095 (sonelokimab) in subjects with moderate to severe psoriasis.
golimumab plus uvb-311nm in psoriasis.
efficacy and safety study of hemay005 in subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
deucravacitinib efficacy in psoriatic arthritis (psa) by baseline dmard use: exploratory analysis from a phase 2 study.
efficacy and safety of deucravacitinib, an oral, selective tyrosine kinase 2 (tyk2) inhibitor, compared with placebo and apremilast in moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: results from the phase 3 poetyk pso-1 study.
risankizumab versus ustekinumab for moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
bi 655066 versus placebo & active comparator (ustekinumab) in patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
bi 655066 (risankizumab) compared to placebo and active comparator (ustekinumab) in patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
risankizumab efficacy/safety in moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: 16-week results from immhance.
efficacy of risankizumab in moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis by baseline characteristics and prior therapies.
risankizumab versus secukinumab for subjects with moderate to severe plaque-type psoriasis.
safety of risankizumab in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis: analysis of pooled clinical trial data.
risankizumab versus secukinumab for participants with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
an oral, selective tyk2 inhibitor, deucravacitinib, in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis and baseline pasi ≤ 15 versus > 15.
selective inhibition of tyrosine kinase 2 with deucravacitinib compared with janus kinase 1/2/3 inhibitors.
bi 655066/abbv-066 (risankizumab) compared to active comparator (adalimumab) in patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
efficacy and safety of continuous risankizumab or switching from adalimumab to risankizumab treatment in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: results from the phase 3 immvent trial.
14027 long-term efficacy and safety of continuous q12w risankizumab: results from the open-label extension limmitless trial.
high and durable clearance through 52 weeks of risankizumab treatment in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
long-term safety of risankizumab in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis: analysis of pooled clinical trial data.
efficacy and safety of continuous q12w risankizumab versus treatment withdrawal: 104-week results from the phase 3 immhance trial.
efficacy of switching to risankizumab compared with continued adalimumab treatment in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
27454 efficacy and safety of long-term risankizumab re-treatment following drug withdrawal: immhance trial.
efficacy and safety of long-term risankizumab re-treatment following drug withdrawal: immhance trial.
efficacy and safety of continuous q12w risankizumab versus treatment withdrawal: results from the phase 3 immhance trial.
bi 655066 / abbv-066 (risankizumab) in moderate to severe plaque psoriasis with randomized withdrawal and re-treatment.
bi 655066 (risankizumab) compared to active comparator (adalimumab) in patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
25572 impact of risankizumab on the duration of pasi90 achievement: a post hoc analysis of 4 phase iii clinical trials.
long-term efficacy and safety of switching from adalimumab to risankizumab: results from the open-label extension limmitless.
deucravacitinib, an oral, selective tyrosine kinase 2 inhibitor: evaluation of changes in laboratory parameters in response to treatment in a phase 2 trial in psoriasis patients.
effect of deucravacitinib on the psoriatic arthritis impact of disease (psaid) questionnaires 12 and 9: analysis of a phase 2 study of active psoriatic arthritis.
efficacy and safety of risankizumab, an interleukin-23 inhibitor, in patients with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis: 16-week results from the phase iii immhance trial.
risankizumab efficacy in patients who received prior psoriasis therapies: integrated 52-week analysis from ultimma-1 and ultimma-2.
efficacy and safety of risankizumab, an il-23 inihibitor in patients with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis: 16-week phase 3 immhance trial results.
impact of prior treatment history on efficacy of risankizumab compared with placebo in patients with moderateto-severe plaque psoriasis: integrated analyses from three phase iii trials.
durable absolute psoriasis area and severity index improvement through 52 weeks of risankizumab treatment: an integrated analysis of patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
efficacy and safety of risankizumab: results from two double-blind, placebo-and ustekinumab-controlled, phase 3 trials in moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
efficacy of risankizumab compared with placebo across subgroups in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: integrated analyses from three phase iii trials.
maintenance of clinical response in risankizumab vs secukinumab for moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: subgroup analysis from the immerge phase 3 trial.
efficacy and safety of risankizumab in moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: an integrated analysis of ultimma-1 and ultimma-2.
risankizumab profile in nail, scalp, and palmoplantar psoriasis: efficacy and safety at 52 weeks in an integrated analysis of patients with moderate-tosevere plaque psoriasis.
durable efficacy of risankizumab compared with ustekinumab across subgroups of patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: integrated analysis of two phase 3 trials.
efficacy and safety of risankizumab compared with adalimumab in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: results from the phase 3 immvent trial.
risankizumab treatment is associated with low and consistent infection rates over time in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis: analysis of pooled clinical trial data.
impact of prior treatment history on efficacy of risankizumab compared with placebo in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: integrated analyses from three phase 3 trials.
efficacy of risankizumab compared with placebo across subgroups in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: integrated analyses from three phase 3 trials.
efficacy and safety of long-term risankizumab treatment for nail, scalp, and palmoplantar psoriasis: an interim analysis from the openlabel extension limmitless trial.
a study to assess the efficacy of risankizumab compared to fumaderm® in subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis who are naïve to and candidates for systemic therapy.
malignancy rates in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis treated with risankizumab: analysis of pooled short-term and long-term clinical trial data.
efficacy and safety of continuous risankizumab therapy vs treatment withdrawal in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: a phase 3 randomized clinical trial.
rna-seq genomic analysis demonstrated the molecular efficacy of risankizumab in a moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis phase 2 clinical study.
efficacy and safety of risankizumab (rzb) compared with adalimumab (ada) in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: results from the phase 3 immvent trial.
bi 655066/abbv-066 (risankizumab) compared to placebo and active comparator (ustekinumab) in patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
patient-reported outcomes with risankizumab versus fumaric acid esters in systemic therapy-naïve patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: a phase 3 clinical trial.
effect of risankizumab on patient-reported outcomes in moderate to severe psoriasis: the ultimma-1 and ultimma-2 randomized clinical trials.
safety of risankizumab in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis: analysis of pooled short-term and long-term clinical trial data.
efficacy of risankizumab in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis by baseline demographics, disease characteristics and prior biologic therapy: an integrated analysis of the phase iii ultimma-1 and ultimma-2 studies.
risankizumab is associated with low and consistent infection rates in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis: analysis of short-term and long-term pooled clinical trial data.
weight-based analysis of psoriasis area and severity index improvement at 52 weeks of risankizumab or ustekinumab treatment: an integrated analysis of patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
efficacy and safety of risankizumab for active psoriatic arthritis: 24-week integrated results from 2 phase 3, randomized, double-blind clinical trials for csdmard-ir and bio-ir patients.
26197 efficacy and safety of risankizumab vs methotrexate in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: results from the 28-week randomized, double-blind period of an ongoing phase 3 study in brazil.
a multicenter, randomized, open label, efficacy assessor-blinded study of risankizumab compared to secukinumab for the treatment of adult subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis who are candidates for systematic therapy.
bi 655066 (risankizumab) compared to placebo in japanese patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
efficacy and safety of bms-986165 versus placebo and active comparator in subjects with psoriasis.
study comparing risankizumab and fumaderm, for the treatment of a moderate to severe inflammatory disease of the skin called psoriasis in patients who have never been treated with oral or injectable drugs. patients will know which drug they receive, the person evaluating the skin will not.
risankizumab therapy versus placebo for subjects with psoriasis in the russian federation.
efficacy, safety, and durability of response of bms-986165 versus placebo and active comparator in subjects with psoriasis.
lb1051 a selective tyk2 inhibitor, bms-986165, decreases the transcriptional signature of th17, il-12, and interferon pathways in skin of psoriasis: results from a phase 2 trial.
a selective inhibitor of tyk2, bms-986165, improves molecular, cellular, and clinical biomarkers associated with efficacy in moderate-to-severe psoriasis.
an oral, selective inhibitor of tyrosine kinase 2, bms-986165, improves molecular, cellular, and clinical biomarkers associated with efficacy in moderate to severe psoriasis.
an investigational study to evaluate experimental medication bms-986165 compared to placebo and a currently available treatment in participants with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
a phase 3 study to evaluate the pharmacokinetics, efficacy and safety of bms-986165 in adolescent subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
a selective inhibitor of tyrosine kinase 2, bms-986165, improves molecular, cellular, and clinical biomarkers associated with efficacy in moderate-tosevere psoriasis.
efficacy and safety of an oral, selective tyk2 inhibitor, bms-986165, in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: a phase ii, randomized, placebo-controlled trial.
efficacy and safety of continuous risankizumab every 12 weeks beyond 3 years of follow-up: an interim analysis of the limmitless open-label extension trial.
26186 efficacy and safety of continuous risankizumab every 12 weeks beyond 3 years of follow-up: an interim analysis of the limmitless open-label extension trial.
study of subcutaneous (injected under the skin) risankizumab to assess change in disease symptoms in adult participants with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis with palmoplantar involvement.
a study to assess safety and efficacy of risankizumab using a new formulation in participants with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
054 a selective tyrosine kinase 2 inhibitor, bms-986165, decreases the transcriptional signature of th17, interleukin-12, and interferon pathways in skin of psoriasis: results from a phase 2 trial.
efficacy and safety of a potent and highly selective oral tyrosine kinase 2 inhibitor, bms-986165, in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: a phase ii, randomized, placebo-controlled trial.
study of subcutaneous risankizumab injection compared to oral apremilast tablets to assess adverse events and change in disease activity in adult participants with moderate plaque psoriasis who are candidates for systemic therapy.
study of subcutaneous risankizumab injection compared to oral apremilast tablets to assess change in disease activity and adverse events in adult participants with moderate plaque psoriasis who are candidates for systemic therapy.
27004 evaluating the impact of risankizumab treatment withdrawal on predicted health-related quality of life in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis using a machine learning model.
27374 bimekizumab efficacy in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis receiving continuous bimekizumab or switching from adalimumab: results from the phase 3 be sure trial.
effectiveness and safety of bms-986165 compared to placebo and active comparator in participants with psoriasis.
phase 2 trial of selective tyrosine kinase 2 inhibition in psoriasis.
tildrakizumab for treating psoriasis.
study to evaluate safety and efficacy of different doses of bimekizumab in patients with chronic plaque psoriasis.
study to evaluate the pharmacokinetics (pk), pharmacodynamics (pd), and safety of bimekizumab in patients with chronic plaque psoriasis.
a study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of bimekizumab in adult subjects with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
selective inhibition of tyrosine kinase 2 (tyk2) improves molecular, cellular, and clinical biomarkers associated with efficacy in psoriasis without impacting janus kinase (jak) pathways.
dose reduction of the new generation biologicals (il17 and il23 inhibitors) in psoriasis: a pragmatic, multicentre, randomized, controlled, non-inferiority study - benebio study.
abstractband der ddg kompakt und praxisnah 2018.
bimekizumab for patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: 60-week results from be able 2, a randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled, phase 2b extension study.
25800 bimekizumab for the treatment of moderate to severe psoriasis of the scalp: post hoc analysis from the be sure phase 3 trial.
efficacy and safety of 108 weeks of bimekizumab treatment in patients with psoriatic arthritis: interim results from a phase 2 open-label extension study.
evaluating influence of baseline characteristics on efficacy of a selective oral tyk2 inhibitor, bms-986165, in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis in a phase 2 trial.
15026 bms-986165, an oral selective tyrosine kinase 2 inhibitor: evaluation of changes in laboratory parameters in response to treatment in a phase 2 trial in psoriasis.
an oral, selective tyrosine kinase 2 inhibitor, bms-986165, improves health-related quality of life in psoriasis: results from a phase ii trial.
influence of baseline demographics and disease characteristics on efficacy of an oral, selective tyk2 inhibitor, bms-986165, in patients with plaque psoriasis in a phase 2 trial.
an investigational study to evaluate experimental medication bms-986165 compared to placebo in participants with plaque psoriasis (poetyk-pso-3) in mainland china, taiwan, and south korea.
an investigational study to evaluate experimental medication bms-986165 compared to placebo and a currently available treatment in participants with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
study to evaluate effectiveness and safety in subjects with moderate to severe psoriasis.
a study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of bimekizumab compared to an active comparator in adult subjects with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
27464 bimekizumab vs adalimumab in plaque psoriasis: higher efficacy translates into improvements in quality of life in the be sure multicenter, randomized, double-blinded phase 3 trial.
a study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of bimekizumab compared to placebo and an active comparator in adult subjects with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
27376 speed of clinical response and improvement in psoriasis with bimekizumab: pooled results from the multicenter, randomized, double-blinded phase 3 be vivid, be ready and be sure trials.
27505 bimekizumab short-term and longer-term anxiety, depression, and suicidal ideation/behavior in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: analysis of pooled data from eight phase 2/3 clinical trials.
dual neutralisation of interleukin (il)-17a and il-17f with bimekizumab in moderate-tosevere plaque psoriasis: 60-week results from a randomised, double-blinded, phase 2b extension study.
bimekizumab, a monoclonal antibody that inhibits both il-17a and il-17f, produces a profound response in both skin and joints: results of an early-phase, proof-of-concept study in psoriatic arthritis.
influence of baseline demographics on efficacy of a selective oral tyk2 inhibitor, bms-986165, in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: a phase 2, randomized, placebo-controlled trial.
evaluating the influence of baseline disease characteristics on efficacy of a selective oral tyk2 inhibitor, bms-986165, in patients with moderate-tosevere plaque psoriasis in a phase 2 trial.
influence of baseline demographic characteristics on efficacy of a selective oral tyk2 inhibitor, bms-986165, in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis in a phase 2, randomized, placebo-controlled trial.
evaluating the influence of baseline disease characteristics on efficacy of a selective oral tyk2 inhibitor, bms-986165, in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis in a phase 2 trial.
influence of baseline demographics on efficacy of a selective oral tyk2 inhibitor, bms-986165, in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis in a phase 2, randomized, placebocontrolled trial.
selective oral tyrosine kinase 2 (tyk2) inhibitor (bms-986165) impact on quality of life (qol) in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis (pso) in a phase 2 trial as assessed by the dermatology life quality index (dlqi).
bimekizumab for the treatment of moderateto-severe plaque psoriasis with scalp, nail and palmoplantar involvement through 52 weeks: post-hoc analysis from the be vivid phase iii trial.
bimekizumab versus ustekinumab in plaque psoriasis: lasting efficacy translates to rapid and sustained improvements in quality of life in the be vivid multicenter, randomized, double-blinded phase iii trial.
efficacité et tolérance du bimékizumab chez des patients présentant un psoriasis en plaques modéré à sévère : résultats de be vivid, une étude de phase 3 de 52 semaines, randomisée, en double aveugle, contrôlée versus ustékinumab et versus placebo.
14020 durability of responses with bimekizumab, a selective dual inhibitor of interleukin-17a and -17f, in moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis in a 60-week randomized, double-blinded, phase 2b study (be able 2).
bimekizumab efficacy and safety versus adalimumab in patients with moderateto-severe plaque psoriasis: results from a multicenter, randomized, double-blinded active comparator-controlled phase iii trial (be sure).
13601 bms-986165, an oral selective tyk2 inhibitor, in the treatment of moderate to severe psoriasis as assessed by the static physicians global assessment/body surface area composite tool, a clinically useful alternative to the psoriasis area and severity index score.
a study to evaluate the pharmacokinetics (pk), pharmacodynamics (pd), and safety of bimekizumab in patients with chronic plaque psoriasis.
a study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of bimekizumab in adult korean study participants with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
25574 the impact of pasi90 duration on patient reported outcomes among patients with psoriasis.
tildrakizumab efficacy on psoriasis in patients with psoriatic arthritisan analysis from a phase 2 study.
no increased risk of liver dysfunction from tildrakizumab treatment: post hoc analyses of the tildrakizumab psoriasis clinical program.
27380 bimekizumab efficacy in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis during the randomized withdrawal and retreatment phase of be ready, a phase 3 trial.
25934 bimekizumab efficacy for moderate to severe plaque psoriasis across patient subgroups: pooled results from 3 multicenter, randomized, double-blinded phase 3 trials.
a multicenter, randomized, open-label study to evaluate the safe and effective use of the prefilled safety syringe or the auto-injector for the subcutaneous self-injection of bimekizumab solution by subjects with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
a study with a initial treatment period followed by a randomized-withdrawal period to evaluate the efficacy and safety of bimekizumab in adult subjects with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
limited changes in hematological parameters during tildrakizumab treatment: post hoc analysis of data from the tildrakizumab psoriasis clinical program.
tildrakizumab (mk-3222), an anti-interleukin-23p19 monoclonal antibody, improves psoriasis in a phase iib randomized placebo-controlled trial.
tildrakizumab, a selective anti-il-23 monoclonal antibody, is effective in subjects with chronic plaque psoriasis who do not adequately respond to etanercept.
assessment of the effects of immunogenicity on the pharmacokinetics, efficacy and safety of tildrakizumab.
incidence of infections in clinical trials of tildrakizumab for moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
a study to evaluate the safe and effective use of the prefilled safety syringe or the auto-injector for the subcutaneous self-injection of bimekizumab solution by subjects with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis (pso).
maintien de la réponse par bimékizumab jusqu’à 1 an chez des patients présentant un psoriasis en plaques modéré à sévère : résultats groupés de trois études de phase 3.
incidence of serious gastrointestinal events among tildrakizumab-treated patients with psoriasis.
15910 efficacy and safety of long-term tildrakizumab for plaque psoriasis: 4-year results from resurface 2.
15966 rates of malignancies through 5 years of tildrakizumab exposure in 2 phase 3 clinical trials.
incidence of infections in clinical trials of tildrakizumab for moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
impact of body weight on efficacy of tildrakizumab in moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
tildrakizumab treatment improved measures of psoriatic arthritis in adults with chronic plaque psoriasis.
incidence of infections in clinical trials of tildrakizumab for moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
predictors of response to tildrakizumab for moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
long-term safety of tildrakizumab in patients with psoriasis: incidence of malignancies through 3 years from 2 phase 3 trials.
tildrakizumab versus placebo or etanercept for chronic plaque psoriasis (resurface 1 and resurface 2): results from two randomised controlled, phase 3 trials.
tildrakizumab efficacy over time stratified by week-28 response levels and by prior biologic use.
clinical implications of early pasi responses to tildrakizumab in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
efficacy of tildrakizumab in moderate to severe psoriasis patients with prior exposure to apremilast.
impact of body weight on efficacy of tildrakizumab in moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
predictors of response to tildrakizumab for moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
25363 serious infections and infections related to study drug and leading to discontinuation through 5 years of tildrakizumab exposure in 2 phase 3 clinical trials.
25983 rates of individual and composite cardiovascular events through 5 years of tildrakizumab exposure in 2 phase 3 clinical trials.
25997 safety of tildrakizumab 100 mg and 200 mg through 5 years of exposure in resurface 1.
tildrakizumab efficacy by metabolic syndrome status in psoriasis: 3-year data from the phase 3 resurface 1 study.
15904 efficacy and safety of long-term tildrakizumab for plaque psoriasis: 4-year results from resurface 1.
efficacy of tildrakizumab patient subgroups across a phase 2b and 2 phase 3 trials in patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
efficacy of tildrakizumab in patient subgroups across one phase iib and two phase iii trials in patients with moderate-tosevere chronic plaque psoriasis.
efficacy of tildrakizumab in psa: dapsa remission and low disease activity in pasdas through week 52.
15953 clearance of head involvement in plaque psoriasis with tildrakizumab treatment in the phase 3 resurface 1 study.
proportions of patients achieving a minimal disease activity state upon treatment with tildrakizumab in a psoriatic arthritis phase 2b study.
effect of tildrakizumab on personal relationships in patients with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
the potential utility of tildrakizumab: an interleukin-23 inhibitor for the treatment of psoriasis.
comparable and consistent efficacy responses with up to 3 years of guselkumab treatment in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis regardless of prior treatment: pooled analysis from the voyage 1 and voyage 2 trials.
safety in patients with latent tuberculosis (tb) treated with guselkumab and anti-tb treatments in the phase 3 voyage 1 and 2 trials for moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
safety of tildrakizumab for moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis: pooled analysis of three randomized controlled studies.
sustained and improved efficacy of tildrakizumab from week 28 to week 52 in treating moderateto-severe plaque psoriasis.
sustained and improved efficacy of tildrakizumab from week 28 to week 52 in treating moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
better skin clearance is associated with improved quality of life in moderate-to-severe psoriasis patients treated with tildrakizumab.
efficacy study of cdp870 in subjects with chronic plaque psoriasis who are candidate for systemic therapy and/or phototherapy/photochemotherapy.
efficacy and safety study of certolizumab pegol (czp) versus active comparator and placebo in subjects with plaque psoriasis (pso).
ustekinumab: a human monoclonal antibody for the treatment of plaque psoriasis.
efficacy and safety of long-term tildrakizumab for plaque psoriasis: 3-year results from resurface 1.
efficacy and safety of long-term tildrakizumab for plaque psoriasis: 3-year results from resurface 2.
tildrakizumab effect on cardiometabolic risk profile in patients with psoriasis by metabolic syndrome status: pooled analysis from two phase 3 trials.
25993 efficacy of long-term tildrakizumab for plaque psoriasis: pasi 50/75/90/100 and pga for up to 5 years of treatment in resurface 2.
cost per responder analysis of guselkumab versus tildrakizumab using efficacy results from two pivotal clinical trials in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
incidence of serious gastrointestinal events and inflammatory bowel disease among tildrakizumab-treated patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: data from 3 large randomized clinical trials.
15938 tildrakizumab efficacy by metabolic syndrome status in psoriasis: post hoc analysis of 3-year data from the phase 3 resurface 1 study.
15950 tildrakizumab efficacy by metabolic syndrome status in psoriasis: post hoc analysis of 3-year data from the phase 3 resurface 2 study.
efficacy of tildrakizumab by patient demographic and disease characteristics across a phase 2b and 2 phase 3 trials in patients with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
long-term safety of tildrakizumab in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: incidence of severe infections through three years (148 weeks) from two phase iii trials.
the efficacy and safety/tolerability of subcutaneous tildrakizumab (sch 900222/mk-3222), in moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
25357 malignancies related to study drug and leading to discontinuation through 5 years of tildrakizumab exposure in 2 phase 3 clinical trials.
long-term efficacy of tildrakizumab in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis who were nonresponders or partial responders to etanercept in the phase 3 resurface 2 trial.
long-term safety of tildrakizumab in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: incidence of confirmed major adverse cardiovascular events through 3 years (148 weeks) from two phase 3 trials.
long-term safety of tildrakizumab in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: incidence of severe infections through 3 years (148 weeks) from 2 phase 3 trials.
incidence of cardiovascular events in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis treated with tildrakizumab: pooled analysis from a phase 2 and two phase 3 trials.
randomised, double-blind, placebocontrolled, multiple-dose, phase 2b study to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of tildrakizumab, a high-affinity antiinterleukin- 23p19 monoclonal antibody, in patients with active psoriatic arthritis.
efficacy and safety of tildrakizumab 100 mg for plaque psoriasis in patients randomized to treatment continuation vs treatment withdrawal with retreatment upon relapse in a phase 3 study.
long-term safety of tildrakizumab in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis: pooled analysis through 148 weeks from two phase 3 trials.
long-term efficacy and safety of tildrakizumab for moderate-to-severe psoriasis: pooled analyses of two randomized phase iii clinical trials (resurface 1 and resurface 2) through 148 weeks.
incidence of serious gastrointestinal events and inflammatory bowel disease among tildrakizumab-treated patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: data from 3 large randomised clinical trials.
incidence of serious gastrointestinal events and inflammatory bowel disease among tildrakizumab-treated patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: data from 3 large randomized clinical trials.
treatment with tildrakizumab, an anti-il-23p19 monoclonal antibody, improves health-related quality of life in patients with chronic plaque psoriasis.
maintenance of treatment response in chronic plaque psoriasis patients continuing treatment or discontinuing treatment with tildrakizumab in a 64-week, randomized controlled, phase 3 trial.
efficacy of tildrakizumab, an anti-il23p19 monoclonal antibody, stratified by prior exposure to biologics in a randomized, placebo-controlled phase 3 clinical trial.
exposure-response analyses from a phase 2b and two phase 3 randomized controlled trials of tildrakizumab for the treatment of chronic plaque psoriasis.
tildrakizumab efficacy over time by week 28 response levels in two phase 3 clinical trials in patients with chronic plaque psoriasis.
tildrakizumab, a selective il-23p19 antibody, in the treatment of chronic plaque psoriasis: results from two randomised, controlled, phase 3 trials.
26874 long-term efficacy and safety of tildrakizumab in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis who were partial responders or nonresponders to etanercept: post hoc analysis through 5 years from the resurface 2 phase 3 trial.
long-term safety of tildrakizumab in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: incidence of malignancies through three years (148 weeks) from resurface 1 and resurface 2 phase ii trials.
25992 long-term efficacy of tildrakizumab 100 mg by pasi 75/90/100 and pga in a pooled analysis of resurface 1 and resurface 2 through up to 4 years of treatment.
15960 safety of tildrakizumab in patients with preexisting metabolic syndrome: long-term data from the post hoc analysis of two phase 3 clinical studies (resurface 1 and resurface 2).
safety of tildrakizumab in patients with pre-existing metabolic syndrome: post hoc analysis of 2 phase 3 clinical studies (resurface 1 and resurface 2).
tildrakizumab efficacy and drug survival by metabolic syndrome status in psoriasis: post hoc analysis of 2 phase 3 clinical studies (resurface 1 and resurface 2).
25985 efficacy of tildrakizumab 100 mg for pasi improvement in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: pooled analysis using nonresponder imputation from resurface 1 and 2 through week 52.
efficacy and safety of tildrakizumab, a high-affinity anti-interleukin-23p19 monoclonal antibody, in patients with active psoriatic arthritis in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multiple-dose, phase 2b study.
long-term safety of tildrakizumab in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: incidence of severe infections through 3 years (148 weeks) from resurface 1 and resurface 2 phase 3 trials.
15920 relationship of serum glucose to efficacy and safety of tildrakizumab treatment for psoriasis in patients with and without metabolic syndrome from resurface 1 and resurface 2.
long-term efficacy of tildrakizumab in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis who were partial responders or non-responders to etanercept: results from the resurface 2 phase 3 trial through 148 weeks.
long-term safety of tildrakizumab in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis: incidence of major adverse cardiovascular events through 148 weeks from resurface 1 and resurface 2 phase 3 trials.
incidence of cardiovascular events among tildrakizumab-treated patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: pooled data from 3 large randomized clinical trials.
incidence of serious gastrointestinal events among tildrakizumab-treated patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: data from 3 randomized clinical trials.
efficacy and safety of tildrakizumab for plaque psoriasis with continuous dosing, treatment interruption, dose adjustments and switching from etanercept: results from phase iii studies.
clearance of head and neck involvement in plaque psoriasis with tildrakizumab treatment in the phase 3 resurface 1 study.
efficacy of tildrakizumab for moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis: pooled analysis of 3 randomised controlled studies at weeks 12 and 28.
association between psoriasis area and severity index and physician's global assessment responses in moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis studies of tildrakizumab.
efficacy and safety of tildrakizumab in participants with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis who are non-responders to dimethyl fumarate therapy.
long-term efficacy of tildrakizumab in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis who were responders at week 28: pooled analysis through 148 weeks from two phase 3 trials.
efficacy and safety of infliximab monotherapy for plaque-type psoriasis: a randomised trial.
a retrospective analysis of respiratory infections and nasopharyngitis rates in trials of anti-il-17a therapies.
positive treatment effects of ustekinumab in psoriasis: analysis of lesional and systemic parameters.
comparable safety profile of guselkumab in psoriatic arthritis and psoriasis: results from phase 3 trials through 1 year.
13677 time to relapse in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis who were tildrakizumab responders at week 28: post hoc analysis through 64 weeks from the resurface 1 trial.
efficacy responses with tildrakizumab in moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis patients with previous exposure to apremilast: results of a pooled analysis of resurface 1 and resurface 2.
a study to evaluate the efficacy and safety/tolerability of subcutaneous tildrakizumab (sch 900222/mk-3222) in participants with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis followed by a long-term extension study (mk-3222-011).
a clinical research study to test the safety/tolerability and effectiveness of an investigational study medication (subcutaneous tildrakizumab (sch 900222/mk-3222)) in improving the signs and symptoms of moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis, and to compare it to an approved medication for the treatment of psoriasis called etanercept.
consistent responses to guselkumab by disease region at week 48 in the treatment of moderate-to-severe psoriasis: eclipse trial results.
secukinumab efficacy in anti-tnf-naive and anti-tnf-ir patients with psoriatic arthritis: results of a phase 3 multicenter, double-blind, placebo-controlled study (future 2).
an open-label, randomized, phase iv study, to assess the efficacy and safety of tildrakizumab in patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis who are non-responders to dimethyl fumarate therapy.
15914 effect of metabolic syndrome on efficacy and safety in patients with psoriasis treated with etanercept or tildrakizumab: post hoc analysis of 2 phase 3 clinical studies (resurface 1 and resurface 2).
an open-label, randomised, phase iv study, to assess the efficacy and safety of tildrakizumab in patients with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis who are non-responders to dimethyl fumarate therapy.
safety and tolerability of tildrakizumab, an anti–interleukin-23p19 monoclonal antibody, in patients with chronic plaque psoriasis over two years of treatment: results from long-term extensions of two phase iii clinical studies (resurface 1 and resurface 2).
infliximab.
better skin clearance is associated with improved quality of life in moderate-to-severe psoriasis patients treated with.
clinical efficacy of tildrakizumab, an anti-il-23p19 monoclonal antibody, in patients with chronic plaque psoriasis over two years of treatment: results from long-term extensions to two phase iii clinical studies (resurface 1 and resurface 2).
ixekizumab improves nail and skin lesions through 52 weeks in patients with active psoriatic arthritis and inadequate response to tumour necrosis factor inhibitors.
impact of improvement in skin and joint on quality of life in active psoriatic arthritis patients.
efficacy and safety of guselkumab, an anti-interleukin-23 monoclonal antibody, compared with adalimumab for the treatment of patients with moderate to severe psoriasis with randomized withdrawal and retreatment: results from the phase iii, double-blind, placebo- and active comparator-controlled voyage 2 trial.
experience with the systemic treatment of severe forms of psoriasis.
17113 early and maintained response levels in psoriasis patients treated with tildrakizumab.
25991 application of the statistical method to convert published pasi 50/75/90/100 into absolute pasi response rate in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis treated with tildrakizumab based on data from two pivotal phase 3 studies (resurface 1/2).
efficacy and safety of tildrakizumab in the treatment of scalp psoriasis.
15188 clinical responses by self-reported psa status at baseline among patients with moderate to severe psoriasis treated with guselkumab versus secukinumab: week 48 results from the eclipse study.
an efficacy and safety study of two dose levels of certolizumab pegol (czp) in subjects with plaque psoriasis (pso).
a study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of two dose levels of certolizumab pegol (czp) in subjects with plaque psoriasis (pso).
a study to test the efficacy and safety of certolizumab pegol in japanese subjects with moderate to severe chronic psoriasis.
15302 psoriasis area and severity index component improvements at week 48 in patients treated with guselkumab compared with secukinumab: findings from the eclipse study.
experience in patients with a history of malignancy through 3 years of continuous treatment with guselkumab in the voyage 1 and 2 trials.
maintenance of pasi 90 response with guselkumab through 3-years (week 156) among week 28 pasi 90 responders in the voyage 1 study.
27596 improvement in absolute psoriasis area and severity index through 5 years of continuous treatment with guselkumab in the voyage 1 trial.
guselkumab, an inhibitor of the il-23p19 subunit, provides sustained improvement in signs and symptoms of active psoriatic arthritis: 1 year results of a phase iii randomised study of patients who were biologic-naïve or tnfα inhibitor-experienced.
exposure-response characterisation of tildrakizumab in chronic plaque psoriasis: pooled analysis of 3 randomised controlled trials.
efficacy and safety of tildrakizumab in australian patients with chronic plaque psoriasis in a phase 3 clinical trial.
a phase ⅲ study to evaluate tildrakizumab in the treatment of chinese subjects with moderate to severe plaquetype psoriasis.
relationships between tildrakizumab dose, exposure, efficacy and safety in phase 3 studies in moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
secukinumab provides sustained improvements in psoriatic arthritis: 2-year efficacy and safety results from a phase 3 randomized, double-blind, placebo- controlled trial.
ustekinumab in the treatment of psoriasis: an early waikato experience.
speed of response of guselkumab compared with adalimumab for the treatment of moderate-to-severe psoriasis: results through week 24 from the phase 3, double-blinded, placebo- and active comparator–controlled voyage 1 and voyage 2 trials.
the tumour necrosis factor-alpha inhibitor adalimumab rapidly reverses the decrease in epidermal langerhans cell density in psoriatic plaques.
certolizumab pegol improves patient-reported outcomes in chronic plaque psoriasis over 1 year.
effect of certolizumab pegol on dermatologic outcomes over 96 weeks in patients with psoriatic arthritis.
efficacy and safety of certolizumab pegol in subjects with moderate to chronic plaque psoriasis.
four-year efficacy and safety of guselkumab in psoriasis patients with and without psoriatic arthritis: a pooled analysis from voyage 1 and voyage 2.
improvement in absolute psoriasis area and severity index score through 3 years of continuous treatment with guselkumab in the voyage 1 trial.
consistency of response maintained across demographic subgroups of psoriasis patients treated with guselkumab for up to 3 years in the voyage 1 and 2 trials.
maintenance of pasi 90 response with guselkumab through 3 years (week 156) among week 28 pasi 90 responders in the voyage 1 study.
speed of response of guselkumab compared with adalimumab for the treatment of moderate-to-severe psoriasis: results through week 24 from the phase 3, double-blinded, placebo-and active comparator-controlled voyage 1 and voyage 2 trials.
ustekinumab for the treatment of psoriasis: review of three multicenter clinical trials.
maintenance of response through 5 years of continuous guselkumab treatment: results from the phase-3 voyage 1 trial.
anxiety and depression in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis and comparison of change from baseline after treatment with guselkumab vs. adalimumab: results from the phase 3 voyage 2 study.
efficacy and safety of guselkumab compared with adalimumab for the treatment of moderate-to-severe psoriasis: results from the phase 3, double-blind, placebo-and active comparatorcontrolled voyage 2 trial.
safety and tolerability of tildrakizumab in patients with chronic plaque psoriasis: results from long-term extensions of 2 phase 3 studies.
efficacy and safety of long-term tildrakizumab for moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis: 3-year results from resurface 1.
efficacy and safety of long-term tildrakizumab for moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis: 3-year results from resurface 2.
insights into psoriasis disease severity and treatment efficacy using patient-level psoriasis area and severity index (pasi) scores from tildrakizumab phase iii clinical trials.
a study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of subcutaneous mk-3222, followed by an optional long-term safety extension study, in participants with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis (mk-3222-010).
efficacy and safety of briakinumab vs. etanercept and placebo in patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
indirect regulation and equilibrium of p35 and p40 subunits of interleukin (il)-12/23 by ustekinumab in psoriasis treatment.
ixekizumab exhibits a favorable safety profile during 24 weeks of treatment in subjectswith active psoriatic arthritis: integrated safetyanalysis of two randomized, placebo controlled, phase iii clinical trials.
first-in-human study to assess guselkumab (anti-il-23 mab) pharmacokinetics/safety in healthy subjects and patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis.
achieving and maintaining long-term optimal improvements in patient-reported symptoms, signs, and quality of life among patients with moderate to severe psoriasis treated with guselkumab: 3-year data from voyage 1.
a head-to-head comparison of ixekizumab vs. guselkumab in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: 12-week efficacy, safety and speed of response from a randomized, double-blinded trial.
a head-to-head comparison of ixekizumab versus guselkumab in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: 12-week efficacy, safety, and speed of response from a randomized, double-blind trial.
sustained improvements in skin outcomes following certolizumab pegol treatment of psoriatic arthritis patients with prior anti-tnf exposure or severe skin involvement at baseline.
guselkumab attenuates disease- and mechanism-related biomarkers in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
certolizumab pegol for the treatment of patients with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis: an overview of three randomized controlled trials.
tildrakizumab results in significant and sustained improvements in health-related quality of life in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis in a phase 3 trial (resurface 1).
12883 efficacy and safety of tildrakizumab 100 mg for plaque psoriasis in patients randomized to treatment continuation versus treatment withdrawal with retreatment upon relapse in resurface 1.
certolizumab pegol is effective for chronic plaque psoriasis across patient subgroups: a pooled subanalysis from ongoing phase 3 studies (cimpasi-1, cimpasi-2, and cimpact).
impact of withdrawal and retreatment on immunogenicity of guselkumab in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
secukinumab in plaque psoriasis--results of two phase 3 trials.
influence of psoriatic arthritis on the efficacy of adalimumab and on the treatment response of other markers of psoriasis burden: subanalysis of the believe study.
ixekizumab improves nail and skin psoriasis through 52 weeks of treatment in patients with active psoriatic arthritis: results from two randomized, double-blind, phase 3, clinical trials (spirit-p1 and spirit-p2).
a clinical research study of 28 weeks to test the safety/tolerability and effectiveness of an investigational study medication (subcutaneous sch 900222/mk-3222) in improving the signs and symptoms of moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis, and to compare it to an approved medication for the treatment of psoriasis called etanercept.
efficacy and safety of guselkumab, an interleukin-23p19-specific monoclonal antibody, through one year in biologic-naive patients with psoriatic arthritis.
collagen turnover markers are associated with active psoriatic arthritis and decrease with guselkumab treatment in a phase-3 clinical trial.
maintenance of response with certolizumab pegol for the treatment of chronic plaque psoriasis: 48-week results from two ongoing phase iii, multicenter, randomized, placebocontrolled studies (cimpasi-1 and cimpasi-2).
maintenance of response through up to 3-years of continuous guselkumab treatment of psoriasis in the voyage 2 phase 3 trial.
15300 maintenance of response through up to 4-years of continuous guselkumab treatment of psoriasis in the voyage 2 phase 3 trial.
maintenance of response with guselkumab for up to 3 years' treatment in the phase 3 voyage 1 trial of patients with plaque psoriasis.
maintenance of response with guselkumab for up to three years of treatment in the phase iii voyage 1 trial of patients with plaque psoriasis.
effect of certolizumab pegol on signs and symptoms in patients with psoriatic arthritis from the rapid-psa study: impact of baseline skin involvement and prior anti-tnf therapy.
a phase 3, multicenter, randomized study comparing cnto 1275 and etanercept for the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
secukinumab compared to placebo for effect on subcutaneous adipose tissue and skin inflammation in patients with moderateto-severe plaque psoriasis.
certolizumab pegol is effective for chronic plaque psoriasis regardless of previous exposure to systemic therapy: a pooled subanalysis of ongoing phase 3 studies (cimpasi-1, cimpasi-2, and cimpact).
comparison of ixekizumab with etanercept or placebo in moderate-to-severe psoriasis (uncover-2 and uncover-3): results from two phase 3 randomised trials.
a pooled subanalysis of the efficacy of certolizumab pegol in patients with self-reported psoriatic arthritis in ongoing phase 3 psoriasis studies (cimpasi-1, cimpasi-2, and cimpact).
long-term efficacy and safety of guselkumab in psoriasis patients with and without psoriatic arthritis: a pooled analysis from voyage 1 and voyage 2.
safety, immunogenicity, and efficacy after a single switch from reference adalimumab to the biosimilar msb11022: long-term results from a randomized, double-blind, 52-week, phase 3 study in moderate-to-severe plaque-type psoriasis patients.
secukinumab efficacy in moderate to severe psoriasis appears not to be affected by previous biologic use: results of a phase ii, regimen-finding trial.
secukinumab efficacy in moderate to severe psoriasis appears not to be affected by previous biologic use: results of a phase ii, dose-ranging trial.
reduction of serum il17f and il22 by il23p19 blockade with guselkumabis associated with improvement in joint symptoms in psoriatic arthritis.
efficacy and safety results of guselkumab, an anti-il23 monoclonal antibody, in patients with active psoriatic arthritis over 24 weeks: a phase 2a, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
efficacy and safety results from a phase iii, randomized controlled trial comparing two dosing regimens of abt-874 to placebo in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis.
a phase 2 multicenter, randomized, placebo-and active-comparatorcontrolled, dose-ranging trial to evaluate guselkumab for the treatment of patients with moderate to severe plaque-type psoriasis (x-plore).
adalimumab therapy for moderate to severe psoriasis: a randomized, controlled phase iii trial.
safety and efficacy of abt-874, a fully human interleukin 12/23 monoclonal antibody, in the treatment of moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis: results of a randomized, placebo-controlled, phase 2 trial.
ixekizumab improves nail and skin lesions in patients with active psoriatic arthritis and prior tnf inadequate response.
mrna expression of the t-cell receptor gamma-v gene family may help predict the efficacy of interleukin-17a blockade in psoriasis using ixekizumab.
rapid and sustained improvements in cutaneous and musculoskeletal signs and symptoms with 108 weeks treatment of ixekizumab in psoriatic arthritis in biologic-naive and tnf-inadequate responder patients.
clinical efficacy and safety of ixekizumab for treatment of psoriasis.
efficacy and safety of guselkumab, an anti-interleukin-23 monoclonal antibody, compared with adalimumab for the continuous treatment of patients with moderate to severe psoriasis: results from the phase iii, double-blinded, placebo- and active comparator-controlled voyage 1 trial.
guselkumab (an il-23-specific mab) demonstrates clinical and molecular response in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis.
understanding treatment efficacy using patient-level psoriasis area and severity index (pasi) scores from resurface 1 and resurface 2 phase 3 trials.
a phase 3, multicenter, randomized, double-blind, parallel-group study followed by a dose-blind period and open-label follow-up to evaluate the efficacy and safety of certolizumab pegol in subjects with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis - cimpasi-2.
a phase 3, multicenter, randomized, double-blind, parallel-group study followed by a dose-blind period and open label follow-up to evaluate the efficacy and safety of certolizumab pegol in subjects with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis - cimpasi 1.
a phase 3, multicenter, randomized, double-blind, parallel-group, placebo- and active-controlled study followed by a placebo-controlled maintenance period and open-label follow-up to evaluate the efficacy and safety of certolizumab pegol in subjects with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
infliximab induction and maintenance therapy for moderate-to-severe psoriasis: a phase iii, multicentre, double-blind trial.
adalimumab in japanese patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis: efficacy and safety results from a phase ii/iii randomized controlled study.
targeted safety analyses of guselkumab (tremfya®): long-term results from randomized clinical trials in patients with active psoriatic arthritis and moderate to severe psoriasis.
comparison of secukinumab versus guselkumab in clearing psoriatic plaques refractory to ustekinumab.
lb940 ixekizumab versus guselkumab: 24-week clinical responses and 4-week gene expression data.
efficacy and safety results of guselkumab in patients with active psoriatic arthritis over 56 weeks.
a human interleukin-12/23 monoclonal antibody for the treatment of psoriasis.
anti-interleukin-17 monoclonal antibody ixekizumab in chronic plaque psoriasis.
clinical responses in joint and skin outcomes and patient-reported outcomes are associated with increased productivity in the workplace and at home in psoriatic arthritis patients treated with certolizumab pegol.
a phase 1, double-blind, placebo-controlled study evaluating single subcutaneous administrations of a human interleukin-12/23 monoclonal antibody in subjects with plaque psoriasis.
incidence of cardiovascular events among tildrakizumabtreated patients with moderateto-severe plaque psoriasis: pooled data from three large, randomized, clinical trials.
efficacy and safety of brodalumab in patients with inadequate response to ustekinumab: analysis of two phase 3 psoriasis studies.
continued treatment with secukinumab is associated with high retention or regain of response.
efficacy and safety of brodalumab in patients with inadequate response to ustekinumab: analysis of two phase iii psoriasis studies.
efficacy of brodalumab in ustekinumab-naive and-experienced patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
multicenter, dose response, randomized, double blin, parallel, 3 arms, placebo controlled clinical trial to evaluate the efficacy and the safety of subcutaneous cdp870 (certolizumab pegol) at 2 different 12 weeks dose regimens followed by a minimum of 12 wks of follow-up without treatment (or until relapse) in subjects suffering from moderate- to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis who are candidates for systemic therapy and/or phototherapy and/or photochemotherapy. - cdp870-040.
pga×bsa: a measure of psoriasis severity tested in patients with active psoriatic arthritis and treated with certolizumab pegol.
an exploratory, single-center, double-blinded, healthy volunteer controlled study to characterize psoriasis patients and explore novel biomarkers for the treatment response of psoriasis with a multi-modal patient profiling approach.
a study of guselkumab in the treatment of participants with moderate to severe plaque-type psoriasis.
consistent response of guselkumab treatment between hispanic and non-hispanic psoriasis patients: an analysis from voyage 1 and voyage 2.
a study of guselkumab in participants with moderate to severe plaque-type psoriasis and an inadequate response to ustekinumab.
maintenance of response with guselkumab of up to 3 years' treatment: voyage 1 trial of patients with plaque psoriasis.
drug survival is superior among patients treated with guselkumab compared to adalimumab in the voyage 1 trial.
the effect of guselkumab on enthesitis: results from a phase 2 study in patients with active psoriatic arthritis.
improvement in absolute psoriasis area and severity index score through 3 years of continuous treatment with guselkumab in voyage 1.
the effect of guselkumab on psoriasis in patients with active psoriatic arthritis: results from a phase 2 study.
efficacy and safety of brodalumab compared with guselkumab in the treatment of plaque psoriasis after inadequate response to ustekinumab.
maintenance of response through 5 years of continuous guselkumab treatment: results from the phase 3 voyage 1 trial.
clinical response after guselkumab treatment among adalimumab pasi 90 nonresponders: results from the voyage 1 and 2 trials.
impact of guselkumab versus placebo and adalimumab on patient reported outcomes in patients with and without psoriatic arthritis in voyage 2.
clinical response after guselkumab treatment among adalimumab pasi 90 non-responders: results from the voyage 1 and 2 trials.
a study of ixekizumab (ly2439821) compared to guselkumab in participants with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
erratum to: guselkumab is superior to fumaric acid esters in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis who are naive to systemic treatment: results from a randomized, active-comparator-controlled phase iiib trial (polaris), (british journal of dermatology, (2020), 183, (265-75), 10.1111/bjd.18696).
28095 long-term safety of guselkumab: results from the voyage 1 and voyage 2 trials with up to 5 years of treatment.
ustekinumab treats psoriasis by suppressing rorc and t-box but its suppression of gata restrains its efficacy.
efficacy, safety and usability of secukinumab administration by autoinjector/pen in psoriasis: a randomized, controlled trial (juncture).
greater cumulative benefits from ixekizumab versus ustekinumab treatment over 52 weeks for patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis in a randomized, double-blinded phase 3b clinical trial.
early clinical response as a predictor of subsequent response to ixekizumab treatment: results from a phase ii study of patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
from randomized clinical trials to real life data. an italian clinical experience with ixekizumab and its management.
secukinumab is superior to ustekinumab in clearing skin of subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: clear, a randomized controlled trial.
efficacy and safety of secukinumab in taiwanese patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: subanalysis from erasure phase iii study.
52-week results from ixora-s: a randomized head-to-head trial of ixekizumab and ustekinumab in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
ixekizumab: a review in moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
characterization of responder groups to secukinumab treatment in moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
efficacy and safety of continuous ixekizumab treatment for 60 weeks in moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: results from the uncover-3 trial.
malignancy rates in brodalumab clinical studies for psoriasis.
inflammatory bowel disease among patients with psoriasis treated with ixekizumab: a presentation of adjudicated data from an integrated database of 7 randomized controlled and uncontrolled trials.
a study to compare the efficacy and safety of ct-p43 to stelara in patients with plaque psoriasis.
long-term efficacy and safety of secukinumab in the treatment of the multiple manifestations of psoriatic disease.
etanercept, a tnf antagonist for treatment for psoriatic arthritis and psoriasis.
safety in moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis patients with latent tuberculosis treated with guselkumab and anti-tuberculosis treatments concomitantly: results from pooled phase 3 voyage 1 & voyage 2 trials.
efficacy and safety of guselkumab, an anti-il23 monoclonal antibody, in patients with active psoriatic arthritis: a phase 2a, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
a 52-week, open-label study of the efficacy and safety of ixekizumab, an anti-interleukin-17a monoclonal antibody, in patients with chronic plaque psoriasis.
secukinumab, a fully human anti-interleukin-17a monoclonal antibody, exhibits minimal immunogenicity in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
effects of etanercept on urine neopterin levels in patients with psoriasis in a controlled, open-label study.
infliximab monotherapy for chinese patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled multicenter trial.
infliximab induction therapy for patients with severe plaque-type psoriasis: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
rapid and sustained improvements in patient-reported outcomes with ixekizumab in biologic-naïve and tnf-inadequate responder patients with psoriatic arthritis.
the single-chain anti-tnf-α antibody dlx105 induces clinical and biomarker responses upon local administration in patients with chronic plaque-type psoriasis.
27859 maintenance of response through up to 5-years of continuous guselkumab treatment of psoriasis in the voyage 2 phase 3 trial.
pbi15 cost per responder analysis of guselkumab vs secukinumab for the treatment of moderate to severe psoriasis in the brazilian private healthcare system.
maintenance of clinical response and consistent safety profile with up to 3 years of continuous treatment with guselkumab: results from the voyage 1 and voyage 2 trials.
four-year efficacy and safety of guselkumab in psoriasis patients with and without psa: a pooled analysis from voyage-1 and voyage-2.
adjusted treatment comparisons between guselkumab and ustekinumab for treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: the compass analysis.
two-year efficacy and safety of guselkumab for treatment of moderate-to-severe psoriasis: phase 3 voyage 1 trial.
a study of guselkumab in the treatment of participants with moderate to severe plaque-type psoriasis with randomized withdrawal and retreatment.
guselkumab demonstrates superior long-term responses compared with secukinumab in the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: results from the eclipse trial.
28169 psoriasis in routine clinical care: complete skin clearance rates with guselkumab increase through week 52—results from the real-life persist study.
guselkumab demonstrates greater efficacy compared to secukinumab across body weight quartiles and body mass index categories: week 48 results from the eclipse trial.
15287 comparisons of symptom-free and sign-free status among patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis treated with guselkumab or adalimumab: results from voyage 1.
15440 cost-per-responder analysis of guselkumab versus secukinumab in obese patients using efficacy results from the eclipse head-to-head clinical trial.
patient-reported symptoms and signs in patients with moderate severe plaque psoriasis treated with guselkumab or adalimumab: results from voyage 1, a phase iii clinical trial.
guselkumab-treated patients achieved clinically meaningful improvement in systemic symptoms as measured with promis instrument: results from phase-3 psoriatic arthritis trial discover 1.
efficacy of switching from ustekinumab to guselkumab in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: results from the navigate study.
efficacy of guselkumab within specific body regions in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: results from the phase 3 voyage 1 study.
cost per responder analysis of guselkumab versus secukinumab using efficacy results from a head-to-head clinical trial in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
absolute psoriasis area and severity index improvement through 2 years of guselkumab treatment in the voyage 1 trial of patients with plaque psoriasis.
impact of guselkumab versus placebo and adalimumab on patient reported outcomes in patients with and without psoriatic arthritis in a phase 3 pivotal psoriasis study.
ce2 efficacy of brodalumab and guselkumab in patients with plaque psoriasis who are inadequate responders to ustekinumab: a matching adjusted indirect comparison (maic).
maintenance of response through up to 4 years of continuous guselkumab treatment of psoriasis in the voyage 2 phase 3 study.
improvement in absolute psoriasis area and severity index (pasi) score through 3 years of continuous treatment with guselkumab in the voyage 1 trial.
a study to evaluate the comparative efficacy of cnto 1959 (guselkumab) and secukinumab for the treatment of moderate to severe plaque-type psoriasis.
efficacy of guselkumab within specific body regions in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: results from the phase 3-voyage 1 study.
cost-per-responder analysis of guselkumab versus ixekizumab with the use of efficacy results from pivotal clinical trials in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
cost-per-responder analysis of guselkumab versus secukinumab with the use of efficacy results from pivotal clinical trials in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
work/study productivity gain and indirect cost savings with guselkumab compared with adalimumab in moderate to severe psoriasis: results from the voyage 1 study.
efficacy of brodalumab and guselkumab in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis who are inadequate responders to ustekinumab: a matching adjusted indirect comparison.
a study to compare the efficacy of guselkumab to fumaric acid esters for the treatment of participants with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
to study the use of humanized cd25 in preventing the relapse of psoriasis vulgaris.
efficacy and safety of ixekizumab for the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: results through 108 weeks of a randomized, controlled phase 3 clinical trial (uncover-3).
ixekizumab is effective in subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis with significant nail involvement: results from uncover 3.
impact of ixekizumab treatment on depressive symptoms and systemic inflammation in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis: an integrated analysis of three phase 3 clinical studies.
16317 characterization of patient clusters based on response to treatment with secukinumab: a “pattern recognition” analysis of pooled phase 3 data.
16328 body surface area involvement with brodalumab in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
15921 absolute pasi response up to 52 weeks with brodalumab in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
efficacy of ixekizumab in moderate-to-severe psoriasis patients who have or have not received prior biologic therapies: an integrated analysis of 3 phase 3 studies.
treatment with ixekizumab over 60 weeks provides sustained improvements in healthrelated quality of life: results from uncover-1, a randomized phase 3 trial.
impact of ixekizumab on palmoplantar plaque psoriasis compared to placebo and etanercept: results from uncover 2.
ixekizumab shows no association with mace in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis: an integrated safety analysis of clinical trials.
efficacy of ixekizumab therapy: integrated analysis of 3 double-blind, controlled trials uncover-1, uncover-2, uncover-3.
treatment with ixekizumab over 60 weeks provides sustained improvements in health-related quality of life: results from uncover-1, a randomized phase 3 trial.
integrated safety of ixekizumab in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis: results from a pooled analysis of 7 clinical trials.
retreatment with brodalumab results in high response rates in patients with psoriasis after treatment interruption.
a phase 3, multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo controlled trial evaluating the efficacy and safety of cnto 1275 in the treatment of subjects with moderate to severe plaque-type psoriasis - phoenix 2.
secukinumab administration by pre-filled syringe: efficacy, safety and usability results from a randomized controlled trial in psoriasis (feature).
impact of ustekinumab on health-related quality of life and sexual difficulties associated with psoriasis: results from two phase iii clinical trials.
effects of secukinumab on metabolic and liver parameters in plaque psoriasis patients.
the safety of ustekinumab treatment in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis and latent tuberculosis infection.
a study of the safety and efficacy of ustekinumab (cnto 1275) in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis.
secukinumab administration by autoinjector maintains reduction of plaque psoriasis severity over 52 weeks: results of the randomized controlled juncture trial.
secukinumab efficacy and safety in japanese patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: subanalysis from erasure, a randomized, placebo-controlled, phase 3 study.
secukinumab in psoriasis: randomized, controlled phase 3 trial results assessing the potential to improve treatment response in partial responders (stature).
ixekizumab treatment leads to early resolution of bothersome symptoms versus ustekinumab.
sustained improvements in skin symptoms, physical functioning, and quality of life with secukinumab versus ustekinumab in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis and concomitant psoriatic arthritis: 52 week results from the clear study.
impact of brodalumab treatment on psoriasis symptoms and health-related quality of life: use of a novel patient-reported outcome measure, the psoriasis symptom inventory.
secukinumab treatment normalizes inflammatory markers and immune response and leads to clinical improvement in patients with psoriasis: findings from the primary analysis of the obepso-s study.
efficacy and safety of ixekizumab (ixe) compared to ustekinumab (ust) in patients with moderate-tosevere plaque psoriasis: a randomised head-to-head trial.
ixekizumab (ixe) treatment enables rapid improvements in health-related quality of life (hrqol) and itch: results from uncover-2 and uncover-3.
improvements in skin clearance and patient- reported signs and symptoms of psoriasis with brodalumab: pooled analysis of phase 3 clinical studies.
secukinumab safety and tolerability in patients with active psoriatic arthritis and psoriasis: results from a pooled safety analysis.
secukinumab demonstrates greater sustained improvements in daily activities and personal relationships than ustekinumab in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: 52-week results from the clear study.
ixekizumab treatment improves fingernail psoriasis in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis: results from the randomized, controlled and open-label phases of uncover-3.
no increased risk of inflammatory bowel disease among secukinumab-treated patients with moderate to severe psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis, or ankylosing spondylitis: data from 14 phase 2 and phase 3 clinical studies.
efficacy of secukinumab for moderate-to-severe head and neck psoriasis over 52 weeks: pooled analysis of four phase 3 studies.
patient reported outcomes after 16 weeks treatment with subcutaneous ixekizumab in a phase 2 trial in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
secukinumab efficacy in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis: a phase ii, double-blind, randomized trial.
evaluation of malignancy risk with secukinumab treatment in a pooled analysis of 10 clinical studies of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis up to 52 weeks.
improvement in nail psoriasis in the open-label extension of a phase-2 trial of ixekizumab in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
the accept study: ustekinumab versus etanercept in moderate-to-severe psoriasis patients.
subclinical cardiovascular disease and it's improvement after long-term tnf-α inhibitor therapy in severe psoriatic patients.
treatment of psoriatic arthritis with tnf alpha-antagonists.
efficacy and safety of ustekinumab, a human interleukin-12/23 monoclonal antibody, in patients with psoriasis: 52-week results from a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial (phoenix 2).
efficacy and safety of ustekinumab, a human interleukin-12/23 monoclonal antibody, in patients with psoriasis: 76-week results from a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial (phoenix 1).
guselkumab is superior to fumaric acid esters in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis who are naive to systemic treatment: results from a randomized, active-comparator-controlled phase iiib trial (polaris).
secukinumab for patients failing previous tumour necrosis factor-α inhibitor therapy: results of a randomized open-label study (signature).
clinical response in psoriasis patients discontinued from and then reinitiated on etanercept therapy.
tumor necrosis factor inhibitors are associated with reduced complement activation in spondylarthropathies: an observational study.
infliximab treatment results in significant improvement in the quality of life of patients with severe psoriasis: a double-blind placebo-controlled trial.
lack of reactivation of tuberculosis in 12,319 patients with psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis and ankylosing spondylitis treated with secukinumab: an ad hoc analysis of pooled safety data from 28 clinicaltrials.
secukinumab improves scalp pain, itching, scaling and quality of life in patients with moderate-to-severe scalp psoriasis.
etanercept.
secukinumab self-administration by prefilled syringe maintains reduction of plaque psoriasis severity over 52 weeks: results of the feature trial.
further analysis of psoriatic arthritis disease activity score (pasdas) and composite psoriatic disease activity index (cpdai) using data from a placebo-controlled trial of certolizumab pegol in psoriatic arthritis.
phase 3, multicenter, randomized, double blind, parallel group, placebo controlled study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of certolizumab pegol in subjects with adult onset active and progressive psoriatic arthritis (psa).
effect of infliximab on health-related quality of life and disease activity by body region in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis and inadequate response to etanercept: results from the psunrise trial.
brodalumab, an anti-interleukin-17-receptor antibody for psoriasis.
efficacy and safety of ixekizumab in patients previously treated with etanercept.
efficacy and safety of ixekizumab over four years of open-label treatment in a phase 2 study in chronic plaque psoriasis.
phase 3 studies comparing brodalumab with ustekinumab in psoriasis.
efficacy and safety of switching to ixekizumab in etanercept non-responders: a subanalysis from two phase iii randomized clinical trials in moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis (uncover-2 and -3).
efficacy and safety of secukinumab in the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase ii dose-ranging study.
secukinumab dosing optimization in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: results from the randomized, open-label optimise study.
a 52-week trial comparing briakinumab with methotrexate in patients with psoriasis.
effects of brodalumab on anxiety and depression in patients with psoriasis: results from a phase 3 randomized controlled clinical trial.
efficacy and safety of brodalumab versus ustekinumab in obese and nonobese patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
secukinumab is superior to ustekinumab in clearing skin and improving quality of life in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: clarity, a randomized, controlled, phase 3b trial.
secukinumab achieved ≥ 90% improvement in psoriasis area and severity index at weeks 16 and 52 in many patients with no or partial response at week 12.
secukinumab shows similar efficacy across baseline dermatology life quality index subgroups (≤ 10 or > 10) in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis in two pivotal phase iii studies (fixture and erasure).
secukinumab shows high and sustained efficacy in nail psoriasis: 2.5-year results from the transfigure study.
secukinumab improves physical function in subjects with plaque psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis: results from two randomized, phase 3 trials.
secukinumab administration by prefilled syringe maintains efficacy in moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis over 100 weeks: results of the feature trial.
long-term efficacy of brodalumab for the treatment of moderate-to-severe psoriasis in two pivotal phase 3 clinical trials.
pathologic transformation of psoriatic skin is correlated with up-regulation of genes linked to skin barrier function. results from psoritus, a placebo-controlled drug withdrawal study of secukinumab in plaque psoriasis.
secukinumab provides greater 52-week sustained relief in dermatology-specific quality-of-life impact than ustekinumab.
secukinumab provides greater cumulative 52-week skin clearance and quality of life benefit in patients with moderate-tosevere plaque psoriasis than ustekinumab: an area under the curve analysis.
association of early skin improvement with acr responses among biologic dmard-naive psoriatic arthritic patients treated with ixekizumab.
ustekinumab: treatment of adult moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
efficacy and safety of ixekizumab in psoriasis patients who failed to reach pasi 75 on etanercept: subanalysis of uncover-3.
consistency of response across subgroups of patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis following 52 weeks of treatment with ixekizumab compared to ustekinumab.
secukinumab is superior to ustekinumab in clearing skin of patients with moderate-tosevere plaque psoriasis: clarity, a randomized, controlled, phase iiib trial.
long-term efficacy of brodalumab for the treatment of moderate-to-severe psoriasis: data from a pivotal phase iii clinical trial.
maintenance of clinical efficacy in moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: a 52-week evaluation of brodalumab in three multicenter, double-blind studies of 4363 subjects.
long-term efficacy and safety of brodalumab by geographic region.
psoriasis patients with pasi 90 response achieve greater health-related quality of life improvements than those with pasi 75 to 89 response.
ixekizumab treatment improves nail psoriasis in patients with moderateto-severe psoriasis: results from the randomized and controlled as well as open-label phases of uncover-3.
effects of brodalumab on anxiety and depression in patients with psoriasis: results from a phase iii, randomized, controlled clinical trial.
long-term efficacy of brodalumab in ustekinumab-responsive patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis.
secukinumab provides greater 52-week improvements in patient reported outcomes versus ustekinumab in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis.
long-term efficacy and safety of brodalumab by duration of psoriasis: analysis of two phase 3 studies.
secukinumab reverses disease-defining psoriasis histopathology while retaining full t-cell activation potential.
impact of previous biologic use and failure on efficacy of brodalumab and ustekinumab: a pooled analysis of data from two phase 3 randomized clinical trials in moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis (amagine-2 and amagine-3).
secukinumab exhibits low immunogenicity during 104 weeks of treatment in subjects with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
secukinumab shows substantial improvement in both psoriasis symptoms and physical functioning in moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis patients with psoriatic arthritis: a subanalysis of a phase 3, multicenter, double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
secukinumab was efficacious in the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis on the head and neck: pooled analysis of phase iii studies.
secukinumab demonstrates sustained efficacy in moderate to severe plaque psoriasis across disease severity subgroups.
secukinumab treatment demonstrates a neutral effect on the lipid profile of subjects with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis in the 52-week randomized, double-blind, placebocontrolled, phase iii fixture study.
maintenance of clinical response with long-term brodalumab (amg 827) therapy for psoriasis: week 144 results from an open-label extension study.
time course of ixekizumab drug levels and the relationship at week 60 to efficacy in patients with moderate-to- severe plaque psoriasis (uncover-3).
efficacy of secukinumab on moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis affecting different body regions: a pooled analysis of four phase 3 studies.
secukinumab efficacy and safety in indian patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: sub-analysis from fixture, a randomized, placebo-controlled, phase 3 study.
efficacy and safety of ixekizumab through 5 years in moderate-to-severe psoriasis: long-term results from the uncover-1 and uncover-2 phase-3 randomized controlled trials.
secukinumab efficacy in subjects with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis and concomitant psoriatic arthritis: a subanalysis of the erasure study.
secukinumab versus placebo or etanercept on time to response on patient-reported psoriasis symptoms of pain, itching, and scaling (fixture study).
secukinumab autoinjectors demonstrate patient satisfaction: an analysis of the self-injection assessment questionnaire (siaq) in the juncture study.
secukinumab efficacy and safety: results from the first study of secukinumab in prefilled syringes in subjects with chronic plaque-type psoriasis response at 12 weeks (feature).
secukinumab sustainability of response in subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: a subanalysis from the fixture study.
ixekizumab in patients with psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis: pooled analysis of three phase 3 studies in moderate-to-severe psoriasis.
27900 maintaining long-term improvements in patient-reported symptoms, signs, and quality of life among patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis treated with guselkumab: voyage 2, 5-year data.
25792 improvements in bsa associate with improvements in itch and quality of life in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis treated with ixekizumab or guselkumab through 24 weeks.
27043 achieving and maintaining long-term optimal improvements in patient-reported symptoms, signs, and quality of life among patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis treated with guselkumab: 5-year data from voyage 1.
25805 ixekizumab provides more durable improvements in skin clearance, itch, and quality of life than guselkumab in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis: 24-week results from ixora-r.
il-23 blockade with guselkumab potentially modifies psoriasis pathogenesis: rationale and study protocol of a phase 3b, randomised, double-blind, multicentre study in participants with moderate-to-severe plaque-type psoriasis (guide).
guselkumab therapy improves patient-reported signs, symptoms and health-related quality of life of patients with moderatesevere psoriasis with inadequate response to ustekinumab: results from phase iii navigate study.
14152 patient-reported outcomes in a head-to-head, randomized, double-blinded clinical trial of ixekizumab and guselkumab in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
consistency of response (pasi 90 or 100 and iga 0 or 0/1) in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis treated with guselkumab: results from the voyage 1 and 2 trials.
a phase 3, multicenter, randomized, double-blind study evaluating the comparative efficacy of cnto 1959 (guselkumab) and secukinumab for the treatment of moderate to severe plaque-type psoriasis.
efficacy of guselkumab in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis with involvement of the scalp, nails, hands, and feet: results from the phase 3 voyage 2 study.
guselkumab was more efiective than secukinumab in patients with plaque psoriasis and the subset of patients with self-reported psoriatic arthritis in a randomized, double-blind, head-to-head comparison study over 1 year.
sustained improvement in general health-related quality life and work productivity in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis treated with guselkumab: 3-year data from clinical trial voyage 2.
guselkumab was more effective than secukinumab in patients with plaque psoriasis and the subset of patients with selfreported psoriatic arthritis in the randomized, double-blind, head-to-head comparison study eclipse over 1 year.
efficacy and safety of guselkumab, administered with a novel patient-controlled injector (one-press), for moderate-to-severe psoriasis: results from the phase 3 orion study.
efficacy of guselkumab in psoriasis patients with self-reported psoriatic arthritis with involvement of the scalp, nails, hands, and feet: a pooled analysis from 2 pivotal phase 3 psoriasis studies.
efficacy and safety of guselkumab administered with a novel selfinjection device for the treatment of moderate-to-16severe psoriasis: results from the phase iii orion self-dose study through week.
28096 sustained improvement in general health-related quality of life and work productivity in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis treated with guselkumab: 5-year data from clinical trial voyage 2.
27078 mediation analysis of independent treatment effect of guselkumab on health-related quality of life in patients with moderate to severe plaque-type psoriasis: results from 2 phase 3 studies voyage-1&2.
efficacy and safety of guselkumab administered with a novel self-injection device for the treatment of moderate-to-severe psoriasis: results from the phase iii orion self-dose study through week 16.
guselkumab was more effective than secukinumab in patients with plaque psoriasis and the subset of patients with self-reported psa in the randomised, double-blind, head-to-head comparison study eclipse over 1 year.
27629 malignancy rates through 4 years of follow-up in guselkumab-treated moderate to severe psoriasis patients from the voyage 1 and 2 trials and comparisons to the general united states population.
anti-interleukin 17a monoclonal antibody secukinumab reduces signs and symptoms of psoriatic arthritis in a 24-week multicenter, double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial.
etanercept as monotherapy in patients with psoriasis.
secukinumab improves skin symptoms and physical functioning compared with ustekinumab in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis with concomitant psoriatic arthritis: subanalysis of a randomized, double blind, parallel-group, active comparator-controlled phase 3b trial.
efficacy and safety of different dose regimens of a selective il-23p19 inhibitor (bi 655066) compared with ustekinumab in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis with and without psoriatic arthritis.
secukinumab reduces the burden of nail and skin disease in patients with psoriasis and patients with psoriatic arthritis: results from two phase 3 studies.
no reactivation of tuberculosis in patients with latent tuberculosis infection while on ixekizumab treatment: a report from 11 clinical studies.
interleukin-17a is an essential cytokine to sustain pathogenic cell activation and inflammatory gene circuits in psoriasis vulgaris.
efficacy and safety of mirikizumab versus secukinumab and placebo in the treatment of moderate-to-severe psoriasis: 52-week results from oasis-2, a multicenter, randomized, double-blind study.
efficacy and safety of ixekizumab in a randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled, phase 3b clinical trial in patients with moderate-to-severe genital psoriasis.
secukinumab provides sustained improvements in the signs and symptoms of active psoriatic arthritis through 3 years: efficacy and safety results from a phase 3 trial.
phase 3 trials of ixekizumab in moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
brodalumab provides rapid improvement in psoriasis-related itch and pain in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
radiographic progression of structural joint damage in patients with active psoriatic arthritis treated with ixekizumab over 52 weeks.
impact of brodalumab on work productivity in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: analysis of two phase 3 studies.
efficacy and safety of ixekizumab in patients with psoriasis who failed initial etanercept treatment: a subanalysis from uncover 2, a randomized, double-blind, multicentre, phase iii clinical trial.
brodalumab, a human anti-interleukin-17-receptor antibody in the treatment of japanese patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: efficacy and safety results from a phase ii randomized controlled study.
the effects of age, gender, weight, age at onset, psoriasis severity, nail involvement, and presence of psoriatic arthritis at baseline on the efficacy of ixekizumab in patients with moderate-tosevere psoriasis.
secukinumab rapidly improves mobility, self-care, and usual activities in patients with psoriasis: pooled analysis from four phase iii trials.
secukinumab provides rapid relief from pain and itch in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis: diary data from pooled erasure and fixture studies.
secukinumab delivers greater improvement in health-related quality of life compared to ustekinumab in subjects with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: 16-week data from the clear study.
secukinumab demonstrates sustained high efficacy and a favorable safety profile in moderate to severe psoriasis patients through 4-years of treatment (extension of the sculpture study).
improvement in nail psoriasis with brodalumab treatment over 52 weeks: an analysis of two phase 3 studies.
secukinumab provides faster and more sustained 52-week complete relief from psoriasis-related pain, itching, and scaling than ustekinumab in subjects with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
clearing of psoriasis within different body regions following 12 weeks of treatment with ixekizumab.
ixekizumab in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis who have or have not received prior biologic therapies: an integrated analysis of 2 phase iii studies.
ixekizumab provides greater cumulative benefits versus ustekinumab over 24 weeks for patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis in a randomized double-blind phase 3b clinical trial.
efficacy and safety of ixekizumab for the treatment of moderateto-severe plaque psoriasis: results through 108 weeks of a randomized, phase iii clinical trial (uncover-3).
rapid clinical response predicts consistent long-term response in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis: ixekizumab vs. ustekinumab.
incidence of inflammatory bowel disease in patients treated with secukinumab: pooled analysis of 21 randomized controlled phase iii and iv clinical trials of psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis, and ankylosing spondylitis.
rapid onset of efficacy in patients with psoriasis treated with ixekizumab: a pooled analysis of data from two phase 3 randomized clinical trials (uncover-2 and uncover-3).
secukinumab decreases inflammation as measured by a biomarker hscrp in subjects with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis and concomitant psoriatic arthritis: subanalyses from two phase 3 studies.
secukinumab administration by autoinjector maintains reduction in severity of plaque psoriasis over 52 weeks: results of the juncture trial.
secukinumab and the neutrophil-keratinocyte axis: a potential early target for the antiinterleukin- 17a antibody.
secukinumab treatment of psoriatic arthritis and moderate to severe psoriasis relieves anxiety/depression up to 52 weeks: an overview from secukinumab phase 3 clinical trials.
secukinumab reduces hscrp levels in subjects with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis and concomitant psoriatic arthritis: a sub-analysis from the phase 3 erasure study.
ixekizumab provides improvements through 52 weeks in physical function, quality of life, and work productivity in biologic disease-modifying antirheumatic drug-naive patients with active psoriatic arthritis.
baseline expression of t cell receptor gamma-v gene family is associated with high levels of response to ixekizumab treatment in psoriasis.
serum concentrations of interleukin-2 and tumour necrosis factor-α under cyclosporine versus acitretin treatment in plaque-type psoriasis.
a phase 3, multicenter, randomized, double-blind placebo-controlled study evaluating the efficacy and safety of cnto 1959 (guselkumab) delivered via a selfdose™ device in the treatment of subjects with moderate to severe plaque-type psoriasis.
department of error: guselkumab in biologic-naive patients with active psoriatic arthritis (discover-2): a double-blind, randomised, placebo-controlled phase 3 trial (the lancet (2020) 395(10230) (1126–1136), (s0140673620302634), (10.1016/s0140-6736(20)30263-4)).
sustained response following withdrawal of guselkumab treatment correlates with reduced th17 and th22 effector cytokine levels.
first-in-human, phase 1, randomized, dose-escalation trial with recombinant anti-il-20 monoclonal antibody in patients with psoriasis.
predictors of achieving remission among patients with psoriatic arthritis prescribed tnf inhibitors.
the effect of weight reduction on treatment outcomes in obese patients with psoriasis on biologic therapy: a randomized controlled prospective trial.
the role of biological drugs in the treatment of psoriasis, results from 9 randomized placebo-controlled trials.
il-17a is essential for cell activation and inflammatory gene circuits in subjects with psoriasis.
the association between clinical response to ustekinumab and immunogenicity to ustekinumab and prior adalimumab.
response to mirikizumab at week 52 among patients who did not achieve a pasi 90 response at week 16.
the effect of guselkumab on dactylitis: results from a phase 2 study in patients with active psoriatic arthritis.
pasi response among guselkumab patients who did not achieve pasi 90 after retreatment in voyage 2 trial.
consistency of response across subgroups of patients with psoriasis treated with guselkumab: results from the voyage 1 and 2 trials.
a study to evaluate further therapeutic strategies with guselkumab in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque-type psoriasis.
guselkumab improved work productivity and daily activity in patients with psoriatic arthritis: results from a phase 3 trial.
efficacy and safety study of guselkumab in the treatment of participants with moderate to severe plaque-type psoriasis.
a study to evaluate further therapeutic strategies with guselkumab in participants with moderate-to-severe plaque-type psoriasis.
an efficacy and safety of cnto 1959 (guselkumab) in participants with moderate to severe plaque-type psoriasis.
secukinumab reduces c-reactive protein levels in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: result of a regimen-finding study.
a semi-mechanistic model to characterize the pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of brodalumab in healthy volunteers and subjects with psoriasis in a first-in-human single ascending dose study.
etanercept: a review of its use in the management of plaque psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis.
a dose-response model-based meta-analysis to compare tofacitinib to other psoriasis treatments.
characterization of super responders to guselkumab treatment in moderate-to-severe psoriasis: results from the voyage 1 and 2 clinical trials.
long-term efficacy and safety of guselkumab in psoriasis patients with and without psoriatic arthritis: a pooled 2analysis from voyage 1 and voyage.
long-term efficacy of guselkumab treatment after drug withdrawal and retreatment in patients with moderate-severe plaque psoriasis: results from voyage 2.
26573 maintenance of response after guselkumab withdrawal in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis: a post hoc analysis of the voyage 2 trial.
consistency of response by weight across subgroups of patients with psoriasis treated with guselkumab: results from the voyage 1 and 2 trials.
study to compare efficacy and safety of bat2206 with stelara® in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
efficacy, safety, and immunogenicity of avt04 with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
15350 consistent scalp psoriasis clearance with mirikizumab maintenance treatment at 104 weeks in patients who had less than pasi 90 response at week 16: a phase 2 study analysis.
a randomized, double-blind, placebo controlled, multicenter dose ranging study of subcutaneously administered ain457, assessing psoriasis area and severity index (pasi) response in patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque-type psoriasis - a2220.
secukinumab 300 mg showed faster and higher efficacy in chinese moderate to severe plaque psoriasis patients.
improvements in skin clearance and patient-reported signs and symptoms of psoriasis with brodalumab: pooled analysis of phase 3 clinical studies.
secukinumab provides faster, more sustained relief from psoriasis-related pain, itching and scaling than ustekinumab in subjects with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
secukinumab 300mgs is more efficacious than ustekinumab 90mgs: analysis of patients with body weights over 100kg from the clear study.
secukinumab shows significant efficacy in nail psoriasis: week 32 results from the transfigure study.
25258 efficacy and safety of ixekizumab in chinese patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: 12-week results from a phase 3 study.
dose optimization of secukinumab in subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: optimise study.
correlation of molecular, cellular, and clinical responses to il-17ra blockade by brodalumab.
secukinumab demonstrates an acceptable safety profile in moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: pooled analysis of 10 phase 2/3 studies.
secukinumab exhibits low immunogenicity during 104 weeks of treatment in subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
near or complete resolution of psoriasis is associated with greater improvements in itch and health-related quality of life: an analysis from uncover-2, a phase 3 clinical trial of ixekizumab.
secukinumab safety in subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: a pooled analysis of neutropenia from 10 clinical studies.
secukinumab safety and tolerability in subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: a pooled subgroup analysis of 10 clinical studies evaluating exacerbation of crohn's disease.
evaluation of the impact of body weight on the efficacy of biologic therapies for the treatment of psoriasis: a dose-response meta-analysis.
results after at least 52 weeks of open label treatment with ixekizumab, an anti-il-17a monoclonal antibody, in a phase 2 study in chronic plaque psoriasis.
a phase 2 trial of ly2439821,an anti-interleukin-17 monoclonal antibody, given subcutaneously in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis.
a randomized, 'head-to-head' pilot study comparing the effects of etanercept monotherapy vs. etanercept and narrowband ultraviolet b (nb-uvb) phototherapy in obese psoriasis patients.
modeling the exposure-response relationship of etanercept in the treatment of patients with chronic moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis recapture clinical response during re-treatment with etanercept.
etanercept improves the health-related quality of life of patients with psoriasis: results of a phase iii randomized clinical trial.
cardiometabolic profile, clinical features, quality of life and treatment outcomes in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis.
patients with psoriasis respond to continuous open-label etanercept treatment after initial incomplete response in a randomized, placebo-controlled trial.
ustekinumab in active psoriatic arthritis including patients previously treated with antietumor necrosis factor agents: week 24 results from psummit 2, a phase iii, multicenter, double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
safety and efficacy in the elderly population: an analysis of pooled data from secukinumab trials in plaque psoriasis.
impact of physical and disease characteristics on brodalumab efficacy outcomes: 12-week results from the amagine trials.
impact of mirikizumab treatment on psoriasis disease activity at week 52 based upon prior treatment with biologic therapy.
secukinumab, a new anti-il17a biologic therapy, induces rapid and durable clinical, histological, and molecular resolution of psoriasis plaques over 1 year of administration.
cardiometabolic effects of secukinumab.
long-term efficacy and safety of ixekizumab for the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis sustained for three years: results of a randomized controlled phase 3 study (uncover-3).
25665 efficacy and safety of mirikizumab in psoriasis: 52-week results from the oasis-1 randomized controlled trial.
rapid onset of efficacy in patients with psoriasis treated with brodalumab versus ustekinumab: a pooled analysis of data from two phase 3 randomized clinical trials (amagine-2 and amagine- 3).
brodalumab in patients with or without previous use of biologic agents: long-term findings from two phase 3 psoriasis studies.
fatigue in psoriatic arthritis patients treated with intravenous golimumab: early improvement is associated with week 24 outcomes in acr 20 50, and health-related quality of life.
secukinumab is associated with sustained improvement in patients' quality of life up to year 5: results of a randomized extension of the phase iii erasure and fixture trials.
secukinumab 300mg is more efficacious than ustekinumab 90mg: analysis of the clear study.
metabolic syndrome in psoriasis subjects: can reduced treatment success be counteracted by lifestyle intervention?.
improvement of scalp and nail lesions with ixekizumab in a phase 2 trial in patients with chronic plaque psoriasis.
ixekizumab treatment results in more rapid clinical improvements in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis compared with ustekinumab: results from the ixora-s trial.
secukinumab shows sustained efficacy in difficult-to-treat palmoplantar, nail, and scalp psoriasis: long-term results from three phase iii placebo-controlled randomized trials.
secukinumab retreatment shows rapid recapture of treatment response: an analysis of a phase 3 extension trial in psoriasis.
median time to treatment response in patients with moderate-tosevere plaque psoriasis treated with brodalumab 210 mg or ustekinumab: a pooled analysis of data from two phase 3 randomized clinical trials (amagine-2 and amagine-3).
nail psoriasis as a predictor of skin response to ixekizumab in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis.
patient-reported improvements in health-related quality of life by improvements in clinician-rated psoriasis severity: a phase 2 study analysis in patients with psoriasis treated with mirikizumab.
a phase 3 study in moderate to severe psoriasis patients.
improvement in psoriasis scalp severity index (pssi) during maintenance treatment with mirikizumab.
secukinumab shows sustained response in subjects with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: a subanalysis of the erasure phase 3 study.
early onset of clinical improvement with ixekizumab in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
impact of ixekizumab treatment on scalp psoriasis: results from the placebo-controlled induction period of uncover-3.
continued treatment with ixekizumab over 60 weeks provides sustained improvements in itch and other patient reported outcomes: results from uncover-2, a phase 3 trial.
continued treatment with ixekizumab over 60 weeks provides sustained improvements in work productivity and activity levels: results from uncover-2, a phase 3 trial in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis.
secukinumab exhibits a favorable safety profile during 104 weeks of treatment in subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
sustained high level of efficacy and favorable safety of ixekizumab in psoriasis: 4 years of follow-up from uncover-3.
secukinumab provides greater 52-week sustained relief from dermatology-related quality of life impact on clothing choice and sexual function than ustekinumab.
results of a single ascending dose study to assess the safety and tolerability of cnto 1959 following intravenous or subcutaneous administration in healthy subjects and in subjects with moderate to severe psoriasis.
median time to treatment response in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis treated with brodalumab 210mg or ustekinumab: a pooled analysis of data from two phase 3 randomized clinical trials (amagine-2 and amagine-3).
secukinumab in psoriasis: early improvement in patient-reported symptom diary predicts clinical response.
secukinumab efficacy and safety in asian subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: pooled analysis from the fixture and erasure phase iii clinical studies.
secukinumab impact on patient-reported psoriasis experiences: analysis of the psoriasis symptom diary from the erasure and fixture trials.
secukinumab 300 mg shows superior efficacy across subject body weight groups: pooled analysis of phase 3 erasure and fixture trials.
analysis of infections with ixekizumab in 7 clinical studies of psoriasis.
secukinumab shows high and sustained efficacy in nail psoriasis: week 80 results from the transfigure study.
evaluation of infections with secukinumab in a pooled analysis of 10 clinical studies of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
secukinumab in subjects with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: results from the efficacy of response and safety of 2 fixed secukinumab regimens in psoriasis (erasure).
secukinumab in moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: results from the secukinumab trial analyzing the potential of intravenous administration to upgrade the response in psoriasis (stature).
secukinumab compared with placebo and etanercept: the first 52-week head-to-head comparison of two biologics in a randomized, double-blind phase 3 study in subjects with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis (fixture).
secukinumab 'fixed-interval' versus 'retreatment-asneeded' regimen for moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: results from the study comparing secukinumab use in long-term psoriasis maintenance therapy: fixed regimen versus retreatment upon start of relapse (sculpture).
secukinumab effect on functional ability in subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis: results from the sculpture study.
effect of ixekizumab treatment on scalp psoriasis: results from a phase 2 study in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis.
ixekizumab for psoriatic arthritis: safety, efficacy, and patient selection.
secukinumab efficacy stratified by body weight: a subanalysis from the erasure study.
secukinumab efficacy stratified by body weight: a subanalysis from the fixture study.
secukinumab retreatment-as-needed maintenance regimen: efficacy and safety outcomes from the sculpture study.
secukinumab effect on functional ability in subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis: a subanalysis from the fixture study.
secukinumab efficacy and safety in subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: results from the judging the efficacy of secukinumab in patients with psoriasis using autoinjector: a clinical trial evaluating treatment results trial (juncture).
secukinumab efficacy in relationship with response to previous biologic psoriasis therapy: a subanalysis from the erasure study.
secukinumab efficacy in subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: a pooled analysis of patient-reported symptoms (pruritus, pain, and scaling) in 2 phase 3 clinical studies (erasure and fixture).
secukinumab impact on patient-reported psoriasis symptoms of pain, itching, and scaling compared to placebo and etanercept (fixture study).
secukinumab efficacy in subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: pooled subgroup analyses by patient age of 4 phase 3 clinical studies.
secukinumab's time to psoriasis response on patient-reported psoriasis symptoms (erasure study).
secukinumab administration by autoinjector maintains efficacy in moderate to severe plaque psoriasis over 52 weeks: results of the juncture trial.
a phase 3 trial comparing ixekizumab with placebo and etanercept for moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: results from the 12 week induction period of uncover-2.
maintenance of efficacy results from uncover-1: a phase 3 trial of ixekizumab for moderateto-severe plaque psoriasis.
a phase 3 trial comparing ixekizumab with placebo and etanercept for moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: results from the 12 week induction period of uncover 3.
complete resolution of psoriasis is associated with greater improvements in itch and healthrelated quality of life: an analysis from uncover-2, a phase 3 clinical trial of ixekizumab.
secukinumab administration by pre-filled syringe maintains efficacy in moderate to severe plaque psoriasis over 52 weeks: results of the feature trial.
secukinumab significantly reduces psoriasis burden in patients with psoriatic arthritis: results from the phase 3 future 2 study.
ixekizumab for treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: 12-week results from a phase 3 study (uncover-1).
ixekizumab impact on health-related quality of life compared to etanercept and placebo: results from uncover-2, a phase 3 trial in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
efficacy of ixekizumab in patients with and without previous experience with biologic therapies compared to etanercept and placebo: results from uncover-2, a phase 3 trial in patients with plaque psoriasis.
long-term safety and efficacy of 50 mg of etanercept twice weekly in patients with psoriasis.
comparison of ustekinumab and etanercept for moderate-to-severe psoriasis.
the efficacy and safety of etanercept when used with as-needed adjunctive topical therapy in a randomised, double-blind study in subjects with moderate-to-severe psoriasis (the pristine trial).
once-weekly administration of etanercept 50 mg improves patient-reported outcomes in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
15281 effects of guselkumab on articular components of american college of rheumatology score and skin responses in patients with active psoriatic arthritis: results from the phase 3 discover-2 study.
achieving and maintaining long-term optimal improvements in patientreported symptoms, signs, and quality of life among patients with moderate to severe psoriasis treated with guselkumab: 3-year data.
low incidence of gastrointestinal-related and overall serious adverse events among guselkumab-treated patients: pooled analyses of voyage-1&2 and discover-1&2 through 1-year.
golimumab 3-year safety update: an analysis of pooled data from the long-term extensions of randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials conducted in patients with rheumatoid arthritis, psoriatic arthritis or ankylosing spondylitis.
clinician-reported pasi versus patient-reported symptoms and signs in moderate to severe psoriasis patients: voyage 1&2 clinical trials.
improvements in health-related quality of life in psoriatic arthritis patients treated with intravenous golimumab, an anti-tnfα monoclonal antibody: 1-year results of a phase iii trial.
anti-cd4 monoclonal antibody treatment of moderate to severe psoriasis vulgaris: results of a pilot, multicenter, multiple-dose, placebo-controlled study.
cardiovascular event risk assessment in psoriasis patients treated with tumor necrosis factor-α inhibitors versus methotrexate.
study of tumor necrosis factor receptor fusion protein etanercept (enbrel) in psoriasis of the hands and/or feet.
a randomized study comparing the combination of nbuvb and etanercept to etanercept monotherapy in patients with psoriasis who do not exhibit an excellent response after 12 weeks of etanercept.
a randomized trial of etanercept as monotherapy for psoriasis.
a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study to evaluate the addition of methotrexate to etanercept in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
improvement in quality of life with infliximab induction and maintenance therapy in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis: a randomized controlled trial.
infliximab for the treatment of adults with psoriasis.
efficacy and safety results from a phase iii, randomized controlled trial comparing the safety and efficacy of briakinumab with etanercept and placebo in patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
comparison of two etanercept regimens for treatment of psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis: presta randomised double blind multicentre trial.
cost per responder analysis of ustekinumab and etanercept for moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
self-reported health outcomes in patients with psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis randomized to two etanercept regimens.
once weekly administration of etanercept 50 mg is efficacious and well tolerated in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: a randomized controlled trial with open-label extension.
intermittent etanercept therapy in pediatric patients with psoriasis.
the combination of etanercept and methotrexate increases the effectiveness of treatment in active psoriasis despite inadequate effect of methotrexate therapy.
etanercept in the treatment of psoriatic arthritis and psoriasis: a randomised trial.
a randomized, blinded assessor study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of etanercept 50 mg once weekly plus as needed topical agent vs. etanercept 50 mg twice weekly in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis (refine).
patient satisfaction with injection devices: a randomized controlled study comparing two different etanercept delivery systems in moderate to severe psoriasis.
improvements in patient-reported outcomes in moderate-to-severe psoriasis patients receiving continuous or paused etanercept treatment over 54 weeks: the crystel study.
adalimumab for moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis: efficacy and safety of retreatment and disease recurrence following withdrawal from therapy.
treatment with 311-nm ultraviolet b accelerates and improves the clearance of psoriatic lesions in patients treated with etanercept.
efficacy and safety of ixekizumab in patients with active psoriatic arthritis: 52 week results from a phase 3 study.
brodalumab in patients with psoriasis ages <65 and 65 years: 120-week findings from two phase 3 studies.
impact of mirikizumab treatment on psoriasis disease activity at week 16 in patients based upon prior treatment with biologic therapy.
ixekizumab provides sustained improvement in signs and symptoms in patients with active psoriatic arthritis: two year results from a phase 3 trial.
ixekizumab treatment response: consistency over time and at each visit in psoriatic arthritis.
efficacy of mirikizumab (ly3074828) after stratifying by baseline psoriasis severity: post hoc analysis of a randomized phase 2 study.
sustained efficacy of ixekizumab in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis and concomitant psoriatic arthritis.
a study of pre-clinical joint disease in psoriasis and the imaging response to ustekinumab.
efficacy and safety of ixekizumab in patients with active psoriatic arthritis: 52 week results from a phase 3 study (spirit-p1).
secukinumab demonstrates high sustained efficacy and a favorable safety profile through five years of treatment in moderate-to-severe psoriasis.
impact of mirikizumab maintenance dosing on patients who had < pasi 90 response at week 16: a phase 2 study analysis using the dlqi.
ixekizumab provides greater cumula tive benefits versus ustekinumab over 24 weeks for patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis in a randomized, double-blind phase 3b clinical trial.
improvement in psoriasis symptoms and physical functioning with secukinumab compared with placebo and etanercept in subjects with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis: results of a subanalysis from the phase 3 fixture study.
efficacy and safety of brodalumab in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: results of amagine-1, a phase 3, randomized, doubleblind, placebo-controlled study through week 12.
effect of secukinumab on psoriasis symptoms and physical functioning compared with placebo and etanercept in subjects with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis and concomitant psoriatic arthritis: a subanalysis from the phase 3 fixture study.
multi-center pampa study.
multicenter randomized double blind controlled-study to assess the potential of methotrexate versus placebo to improve and maintain response to anti tnf- alpha agents in adult patients with moderate to severe psoriasis.
effects of the tumor necrosis factor-α antagonist adalimumab on arterial inflammation assessed by positron emission tomography in patients with psoriasis: results of a randomized controlled trial.
a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, phase i study of medi-545, an anti-interferon-alfa monoclonal antibody, in subjects with chronic psoriasis.
safety profile of intravenous and subcutaneous siplizumab, an anti-cd2 monoclonal antibody, for the treatment of plaque psoriasis: results of two randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled studies.
etanercept reduces symptoms and severity of psoriasis after cessation of cyclosporine therapy: results of the score study.
etanercept treatment of psoriatic arthritis: safety, efficacy, and effect on disease progression.
biologic therapy for psoriasis--the first wave: infliximab, etanercept, efalizumab, and alefacept.
the dermatology life quality index: assessing the efficacy of biological therapies for psoriasis.
impact of adalimumab treatment on patient-reported outcomes: results from a phase iii clinical trial in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
secukinumab sustains early patient-reported outcome benefits through 1 year: results from 2 phase iii randomized placebo-controlled clinical trials comparing secukinumab with etanercept.
relationship between clinical response to therapy and health-related quality of life outcomes in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
infliximab treatment improves productivity among patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis.
golimumab, a new human tumor necrosis factor alpha antibody, administered every four weeks as a subcutaneous injection in psoriatic arthritis: twenty-four-week efficacy and safety results of a randomized, placebo-controlled study.
safety and efficacy of alefacept, efalizumab, etanercept and infliximab in treating moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
employment is maintained and sick days decreased in psoriasis/psoriatic arthritis patients with etanercept treatment.
sustained improvement in joint pain and nail symptoms with etanercept therapy in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis.
minimally important difference of health assessment questionnaire in psoriatic arthritis: relating thresholds of improvement in functional ability to patient-rated importance and satisfaction.
pattern of response in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis treated with etanercept.
a randomized, open-label trial of continuous versus interrupted etanercept therapy in the treatment of psoriasis.
early treatment of psoriatic arthritis is associated with improved patient-reported outcomes: findings from the etanercept presta trial.
a global phase iii randomized controlled trial of etanercept in psoriasis: safety, efficacy, and effect of dose reduction.
tofacitinib versus etanercept or placebo in moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis: a phase 3 randomised non-inferiority trial.
etanercept monotherapy in patients with psoriasis: a summary of safety, based on an integrated multistudy database.
comparison of clinical and pharmacokinetic profiles of etanercept 25 mg twice weekly and 50 mg once weekly in patients with psoriasis.
etanercept and clinical outcomes, fatigue, and depression in psoriasis: double-blind placebo-controlled randomised phase iii trial.
moderate to severe plaque psoriasis with scalp involvement: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study of etanercept.
etanercept biosimilar (recombinant human tumor necrosis factor-α receptor ii: igg fc fusion protein) and methotrexate combination therapy in chinese patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: a multicentre, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
continued inhibition of radiographic progression in patients with psoriatic arthritis following 2 years of treatment with etanercept.
a randomized study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of adding topical therapy to etanercept in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
combining etanercept and acitretin in the therapy of chronic plaque psoriasis: a 24-week, randomized, controlled, investigator-blinded pilot trial.
relevance of compartmentalization of t-cell subsets for clinical improvement in psoriasis: effect of immune-targeted antipsoriatic therapies.
combination of skin, joint and quality of life outcomes with etanercept in psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis in the presta trial.
patient-reported outcomes and health-care resource utilization in patients with psoriasis treated with etanercept: continuous versus interrupted treatment.
patient-reported outcomes of psoriasis improvement with etanercept therapy: results of a randomized phase iii trial.
a multicenter, randomized, open-label pilot trial assessing the efficacy and safety of etanercept 50 mg twice weekly followed by etanercept 25 mg twice weekly, the combination of etanercept 25 mg twice weekly and acitretin, and acitretin alone in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis.
serum levels of il-17 and il-22 are reduced by etanercept, but not by acitretin, in patients with psoriasis: a randomized-controlled trial.
a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind, multicentre, multiple dose, cohort study with escalating doses to evaluate the safety and efficacy of the humanized monoclonal antibody (mab) bt061 administered subcutaneously or intravenously as 8 repeated doses to patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
efficacy and safety of tofacitinib, an oral janus kinase inhibitor, in patients with active psoriatic arthritis and an inadequate response to tumor necrosis factor inhibitors: opal beyond, a randomized, double blind, placebo-controlled, phase 3 trial.
efalizumab.
health-related quality of life in subjects undergoing therapy with amg 827 for moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
the treatment of moderate to severe psoriasis with a new anti-cd11a monoclonal antibody.
ixekizumab reduces disease activity up to 52 weeks in active psoriatic arthritis patients with inadequate response to tumor necrosis factor inhibitors: an assessment with the use of minimal disease activity scores.
efficacy and safety of itolizumab, a novel anti-cd6 monoclonal antibody, in patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis: results of a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, phase-iii study.
the role of etanercept on the expression of markers of t helper 17 cells and their precursors in skin lesions of patients with psoriasis vulgaris.
treatment of plaque psoriasis with biologics. a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
improvement in aspects of sleep with etanercept and optional adjunctive topical therapy in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis: results from the pristine trial.
cost utility analysis based on a head-to-head phase 3 trial comparing ustekinumab and etanercept in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: a canadian perspective.
long-term safety experience of ustekinumab in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis (part i of ii): results from analyses of general safety parameters from pooled phase 2 and 3 clinical trials.
malignancy rates and comparisons to the general us population through 3 years in gusel kumab-treated moderate-to-severe psoriasis patients in voyage 1&2.
evaluation of the usability and acceptability of a novel, self-injection device for the treatment of moderateto-severe psoriasis: results from the phase iii orion self-dose study.
therapeutic potential of itolizumab in psoriatic arthritis: results from treat plaq study.
safety and tolerability study of cova322 in patients with stable chronic moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
humanized anti-cd2 monoclonal antibody treatment of plaque psoriasis: efficacy and pharmacodynamic results of two randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled studies of intravenous and subcutaneous siplizumab.
efficacy and safety of adalimumab in patients with psoriasis and obstructive sleep apnea.
anti-e-selectin is ineffective in the treatment of psoriasis: a randomized trial.
a novel targeted t-cell modulator, efalizumab, for plaque psoriasis.
impact of efalizumab on patient-reported outcomes in high-need psoriasis patients: results of the international, randomized, placebo-controlled phase iii clinical experience acquired with raptiva (clear) trial.
14410 impact of mirikizumab maintenance dosing at week 104 on health-related quality of life in patients who had less than pasi 90 response at week 16: a phase 2 study analysis.
selective depletion of lag3+ cells in t-cell-driven inflammation: a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, ftih phase i/ib clinical trial.
clinical assessment of the monoclonal anitbody, prx003, a potential novel treatment for th17-mediated inflammatory disease.
impact of mirikizumab maintenance dosing on patients who had <pasi 90 response at week 16: a phase 2 study analysis 36using the sf.
clinical experience acquired with the efalizumab (raptiva) (clear) trial in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: results from a phase iii international randomized, placebo-controlled trial.
amg 827, an antieinterleukin-17 receptor antibody, improves psoriasis symptoms: results from a randomized, controlled, phase ii study.
correlation between pasi response and improvement in healthrelated quality of life over time: results from a phase iii clinical trial voyage 1.
associations between improvements in patient-reported outcomes and absolute psoriasis area and severity index score: results from voyage 2.
benefits of achieving of patient-reported symptom-free status vs pasi 100 response: analysis from the voyage-2 clinical trial.
infliximab (remicade) in the treatment of psoriatic arthritis.
long-term efficacy and safety of itolizumab, a novel anti-cd6 monoclonal antibody, in patients with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis: results from a 52-week randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled multicentre trial.
efficacy and safety of brodalumab in subpopulations of patients with difficult-to-treat moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
effects of immunomodulatory drugs on anhedonia and reward circuitry.
safety of efalizumab therapy in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis: an open-label extension of a phase iiib trial.
retreatment efficacy and long-term safety of the fully human, interleukin -12/-23 monoclonal antibody abt-874 in the treatment of moderate to severe psoriasis: 48-week results from a phase ii trial.
analysis of the effect of recombinant human tumor necrosis factor receptor in the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis on pasi score.
combination of qinzhu liangxue decoction and acitretin on the treatment of psoriasis vulgaris: a randomized controlled trail.
greater improvement of coronary artery function, left ventricular deformation and twisting by il12/23 compared to tnf-a inhibition in psoriasis.
comparison between methotrexate versus methotrexate plus leflunomide treatment in arthritis associated with psoriasis.
ustekinumab is superior to tnf inhibitor treatment in resolving enthesitis in psa patients with active enthesitis-results from the enthesial clearance in psoriatic arthritis (eclipsa) study.
phosphorylation of intracellular signalling molecules in peripheral blood cells from patients with psoriasis on originator or biosimilar infliximab.
emerging oral immunomodulators for the treatment of psoriasis: a review of phase iii clinical trials for apremilast and tofacitinib.
sustained improvement in general health-related quality life and work productivity in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis treated with 2guselkumab: 3-year data from clinical trial voyage.
improved pain and fatigue with ixekizumab treatment in patients with active psoriatic arthritis and previous inadequate response to tnf inhibitors: three year follow-up from a phase 3 study (spirit-p2).
ustekinumab, a human interleukin-12/23 monoclonal antibody, in patients with psoriasis: a meta-analysis.
risk factors for anti-infliximab antibody formation: results from the randomized controlled nor-drum a trial.
patient characteristics and clinical features associate with health-related quality of life in bio-naïve patients with active psoriatic arthritis through week 24 of the discover-2 study.
apremilast, an oral phosphodiesterase 4 inhibitor, in patients with psoriatic arthritis: pharmacodynamic results of a phase 3, randomized, controlled trial (palace 1).
apremilast, an oral phosphodiesterase 4 inhibitor, in patients with psoriatic arthritis: pharmacodynamic results of a phase 3, randomized, controlled trial.
population pharmacokinetic modeling of ustekinumab, a human monoclonal antibody targeting il-12/23p40, in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
secukinumab, a human anti-interleukin-17a monoclonal antibody, significantly reduces psoriasis burden in patients with psoriatic arthritis: results from a phase 3 randomized controlled trial.
etanercept and vascular function in psoriasis.
clinical response to adalimumab treatment in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis: double-blind, randomized controlled trial and open-label extension study.
comparative effectiveness of biologic agents for the treatment of psoriasis in a real-world setting: results from a large, prospective, observational study (psoriasis longitudinal assessment and registry [psolar]).
early quantification of systemic inflammatory proteins predicts long-term treatment response to tofacitinib and etanercept.
optimizing adalimumab treatment in psoriasis with concomitant methotrexate: a randomized controlled trial.
testosterone, inflammation and auto-immune diseases-what is old and what is new?.
impact of immunogenicity on pharmacokinetics, efficacy and safety of adalimumab in adult patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
efficacy and safety results from the randomized controlled comparative study of adalimumab vs. methotrexate vs. placebo in patients with psoriasis (champion).
a phase iiib, multicentre, randomized, double-blind, vehicle-controlled study of the efficacy and safety of adalimumab with and without calcipotriol/betamethasone topical treatment in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis: the believe study.
treatment effect of adalimumab and infliximab in japanese psoriasis patients: results in a single community-based hospital.
achieving remission in psoriatic arthritis by early initiation of tnf inhibition: a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial of golimumab + methotrexate versus placebo + methotrexate.
comparison of ustekinumab with other biological agents for the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: a bayesian network meta-analysis.
efficacy and safety of tofacitinib, an oral janus kinase inhibitor, or adalimumab in patients with active psoriatic arthritis and an inadequate response to conventional synthetic dmards: a randomized, placebo-controlled, phase 3 trial.
comparison of secukinumab versus adalimumab efficacy on skin outcomes in psoriaticarthritis: 52-week results from the exceed study.
abt-122, an immunoglobulin targeting both tnf-α and il-17a, does not provide significantly greater efficacy compared with adalimumab in subjects with psoriatic arthritis: results from exposure-response analyses.
changes in lymphocytes and lymphocyte subsets in tofacitinib-treated patients with psoriatic arthritis.
long-term efficacy and safety of secukinumab in patients with psoriatic arthritis: 5-year (end-of-study) results from the phase 3 future 2 study.
secukinumab provides sustained remission and low disease activity related to disease activity index for psoriatic arthritis: two year results from the future 2 study.
randomized, double-blind study comparing chs-0214 with etanercept (enbrel) in patients with psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis.
efficacy of tofacitinib by background methotrexate dose in patients with psoriatic arthritis: a post hoc analysis of pooled data from 2 phase 3 trials.
ccl20 and il22 messenger rna expression after adalimumab vs methotrexate treatment of psoriasis: a randomized clinical trial.
integrated efficacy analysis of tofacitinib, an oral janus kinase inhibitor, in patients with active psoriatic arthritis.
effect of adalimumab on vascular inflammation in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
a multicentre, randomised, double blind, placebo controlled phase iii study of subcutaneously administered onercept in the initial treatment and continued treatment after extended therapy in subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. - n/a.
der einfluss von adalimumab auf kardiovaskuläre und metabolische risikofaktoren in der therapie von patienten mit mittelschwerer bis schwerer psoriasis vulgaris im vergleich zu einer standardtherapie (fumarsäureester) - castip(comorbidities and systemic therapies in psoriasis).
infliximab plus methotrexate significantly improves synovitis and psoriatic lesions in methotrexate nave psoriatic arthritis (psa) patients: results of the respond trial.
secukinumab provides rapid and sustained pain relief in psoriatic arthritis over 2 years: results from the future 2 study.
the immunological effects of sitagliptin treatment in patients with psoriasis.
the influence of adalimumab on cardiovascular and metabolic risk in psoriasis.
cutaneous inflammatory reactions in psoriatic patients treated with anti il 17 therapies.
adalimumab in adult japanese subjects with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
il-17a inhibition in the algorithm of new recommendations for the treatment of psoriatic arthritis.
improvement of endothelial glycocalyx thickness after anti-inflammatory treatment is related with reduced arterial blood pressure, stiffness and wave reflections in psoriasis.
secukinumab sustains improvement in signs and symptoms of psoriatic arthritis: 2 year results from the phase 3 future 2 study.
pooled safety data from golimumab randomized, controlled trials in patients with rheumatoid arthritis, psoriatic arthritis, and ankylosing spondylitis.
secukinumab s effect on structural damage progression in psoriatic arthritis: longitudinal mixture modelling of future-1 and future-5.
comparison of secukinumab versus adalimumab efficacy on skin outcomes in psoriatic arthritis: 52-week results from the exceed study.
comparison of rates of active tuberculosis infection in the phase 2 and 3 clinical trial programs for anti-il12/23 and anti-tnfs.
comparative effectiveness of ustekinumab and adalimumab in psoriasis patients previously treated with etanercept.
a randomized double-blind trial comparing the efficacy, safety, and immunogenicity of msb11022, a proposed biosimilar of adalimumab, versus adalimumab originator in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
ustekinumab and adalimumab for psoriasis patients who are no-responders to etanercept: a comparative effectiveness study.
long-term improvements in physical function are associated with improvements in dactylitis, enthesitis, tender and swollen joint counts, and psoriasis skin involvement: results from a phase 3 study of ustekinumab in psoriatic arthritis patients.
ustekinumab in patients with active psoriatic arthritis: results of the phase 3, multicenter, doubleblind, placebo-controlled psummit i study.
a randomized placebo-controlled trial of secukinumab on aortic vascular inflammation in moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis (vip-s).
the impact of psoriasis severity on outcomes among psoriatic arthritis patients receiving adalimumab.
meta-analysis of biologic therapies for the treatment of moderate to severe psoriasis.
an international prospective, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase iii rct in which patients with moderate to severe psoriasis vulgaris are treated with s.c. methotrexate using an optimized treatment schedule.
a study to compare the efficacy and safety of chs-1420 against humira®.
treatment with anti-il12/23 agents improves fetuin and oxidative stress in parallel with endothelial glycocalyx, coronary function and myocardial twisting in patients with psoriasis.
ustekinumab in patients with active psoriatic arthritis: results of the phase iii, multicenter, double-blind, placebo-controlled psummit i study.
efficacy and safety of ustekinumab in psoriatic arthritis patients with spondylitis and peripheral joint involvement: results from a phase 3, multicenter, double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
comparative effects of ixekizumab vs adalimumab across psori-atic arthritis patients defined by baseline characteristics: week 24 outcomes from spirit-h2h.
efficacy and safety of adalimumab in chinese patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: results from a phase 3, randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind study.
multicentre, randomised, open-label, assessor-blinded, parallel-group head-to-head comparison of the efficacy and safety of ixekizumab versus adalimumab in patients with psoriatic arthritis naive to biologic disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drugs: 24-week results.
ixekizumab demonstrates improvement comparable to adalimumab across acr components in biologic-nave patients with psoriatic arthritis.
inhibition of radiographic progression in psoriatic arthritis by adalimumab independent of the control of clinical disease activity.
apremilast, an oral phosphodiesterase 4 inhibitor, in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: pooled 16-week efficacy in patient subgroups (esteem 1 and 2).
efficacy of ixekizumab in active psoriatic arthritis (psa) patients with axial pain starting before age 45: a subgroup analysis of spirit-p1 and spirit-p2 phase 3 clinical trials.
efficacy of ixekizumab in different phenotypes of patients with active psoriatic arthritis: results from the spirit trials.
apremilast, an oral phosphodiesterase 4 inhibitor, in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: pooled 16-week efficacy in patient subgroups (esteem 1 and 2).
ixekizumab demonstrates improvement comparable to adalimumab across acr components in biologic-naïve patients with psoriatic arthritis.
an independent prospective randomized controlled trial comparing the efficacy and cost effectiveness of infliximab and etanercept in 'high need' patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque type psoriasis.
therapeutic drug monitoring compared to standard infliximab therapy in patients with immune-mediated inflammatory diseases: a randomized controlled trial.
secukinumab provides rapid and sustained pain relief in psoriatic arthritis: 2-year results from the future 2 study.
blockade of the il-17r with amg 827 leads to rapid reversal of gene expression and histopathologic abnormalities in psoriatic skin, including substantial pathway-specific effects within one week.
a study to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of apremilast in subjects with active psoriatic arthritis.
a randomized, placebo-controlled study of srt2104, a sirt1 activator, in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis.
selective oral rock2 inhibitor reduces clinical scores in patients with psoriasis vulgaris and normalizes skin pathology via concurrent regulation of il-17 and il-10 levels.
a 2 week multiple ascending dose, double-blind placebo controlled study to evaluate the safety, tolerability and pharmacokinetics (pk) of twice daily administration of oral aeb071 and to explore the pharmacodynamics (pd) of oral aeb071 in moderate to severe psoriasis patients.
efficacy and safety of brepocitinib (tyrosine kinase 2/janus kinase 1 inhibitor) for the treatment of active psoriatic arthritis: results from a phase 2b randomized controlled trial.
a three-part, double-blind, placebo-controlled, phase i/ib study of the safety, tolerability and pharmacokinetics of single and multiple ascending doses of imu-935 in healthy volunteers and psoriasis patients.
a safety and efficacy study of infliximab (remicade) in patients with plaque type psoriasis.
phase iii clinical trial to evaluate efficacy and safety of hs626 and remicade in patients with chronic moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
assess the efficacy and safety of alefacept with narrow band ultraviolet b phototherapy (nbuvb) vs. alefacept alone in chronic plaque psoriasis subjects.
a randomized controlled study of combination therapy with alefacept and narrow band uvb phototherapy (uvb) for moderate to severe psoriasis: efficacy, onset, and duration of response.
dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibition and narrow-band ultraviolet-b light in psoriasis (dinup): study protocol for a randomised controlled trial.
safety and efficacy of combining nbuvb to etanercept in patients.
an open-label study of alefacept plus ultraviolet b light as combination therapy for chronic plaque psoriasis.
study of the efficacy of early intervention with secukinumab 300 mg s.c. compared to narrow-band uvb in patients with new-onset moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
clinical study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of a combination therapy with dimethyl fumarate (dmf) and nb-uvb phototherapy (versus dmf monotherapy) in adults with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis (photoskill).
an independent prospective randomised controlled trial comparing the efficacy and cost effectiveness of infliximab and etanercept in 'high need' patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque type psoriasis - piece.
vascular inflammation in psoriasis trial (the vip trial).
a study of the safety and efficacy of infliximab in patients with psoriasis.
a study of the safety and effectiveness of infliximab in patients with plaque-type psoriasis.
a long-term efficacy and safety study of infliximab in the treatment of moderate to severe plaque-type psoriasis. - restore ii.
open label study etanercept's maintenance dose in obese patients with moderate to severe plaque type psoriasis.
interim analysis of dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibition and narrowband ultraviolet b light in psoriasis (dinup): a randomized controlled trial.
an open-label, randomized efficacy and safety study of infliximab versus methotrexate in the treatment of moderate to severe psoriasis.
estudio de optimización de la dosis de infliximab en el tratamiento de la psoriasis en placas de moderada a grave (dose). - dose.
low serious infection rates in patients with psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis treated with apremilast for 156 weeks and beyond: pooled analysis of the phase 3 esteem 1 and 2 and palace 1-3 trials.
a randomized, open-label comparison of ixekizumab vs. methotrexate in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque-type psoriasis naive to systemic therapy: interim analysis of week 12 findings.
early onset of clinical improvement with ixekizumab in a randomized, open-label study of patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
efficacy and safety of adalimumab among patients with moderate to severe psoriasis with co-morbidities: subanalysis of results from a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, phase iii trial.
study of efficacy and safety of secukinumab 2 ml pre-filled syringe (300 mg) in subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
a phase iv multicentre, randomised, double-blind, placebo controlled, trial to evaluate the safety and efficacy of raptiva ® in the treatment of subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis involving hands and/or feet, with or without pustules. - trust study: raptiva ® in hands & foot psoriasis.
pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of low-dose methotrexate in the treatment of psoriasis.
double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled phase 3 study of etanercept in the treatment of psoriatic arthritis and psoriasis.
long-term efficacy and safety of brodalumab in psoriasis through 120 weeks and after withdrawal and retreatment: subgroup analysis of a randomized phase iii trial (amagine-1).
efficacy and safety of tripterygium wilfordii hook f versus acitretin in moderate to severe psoriasis vulgaris: a randomized clinical trial.
efficacy and safety of adalimumab across subgroups of patients with moderate to severe psoriasis.
phase ii study to assess the safety and efficacy of lnpp1955 in patients with psoriasis.
study of efficacy and safety of secukinumab in subjects with moderate to severe chronic plaque-type psoriasis.
trust study: raptiva ® in hand & foot psoriasis.
clinical efficacy of ciclosporin in the treatment of psoriasis: multicenter double blind study.
a phase 3 trial to look at the safety and effectiveness of ustekinumab in korean and taiwanese subjects with moderate to severe plaque-type psoriasis.
the egality study: a confirmatory, randomized, double-blind study comparing the efficacy, safety and immunogenicity of gp2015, a proposed etanercept biosimilar, vs. the originator product in patients with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque-type psoriasis.
from relative to absolute treatment outcomes—correlation of pasi 90 and pasi ≤2 in three clinical trials with secukinumab.
secukinumab treatment in moderate-to-severe psoriasis patients demonstrates sustained low absolute pasi up to 4 years: results from sculpture extension study.
comparison of ixekizumab with ustekinumab in patients with baseline pasi>15 and/or at-least 3-previous-non-biologic-therapies-treatment-failures: 24-week post-hoc-analysis from a randomized trial (ixora-s.
sustained improvement in patient-reported outcomes with continued apremilast treatment over 104 weeks in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis.
efficacy and safety of subcutaneous secukinumab for moderate to severe chronic plaque-type psoriasis assessing different doses and dose regimens.
combination therapy with low-dose etretinate and eicosapentaenoic acid for psoriasis vulgaris.
a randomized, phase 3, double-blind trial examining methotrexate and etanercept as monotherapy or in combination for treating psoriatic arthritis: a comparison of the composite measures used to evaluate disease activity.
study to compare the efficacy and safety of ct-p43 to stelara in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
randomized, double-blind, global clinical trial to evaluate equivalence of chs-1420 to adalimumab in patients with psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis.
safety and efficacy study of adalimumab in the treatment of plaque psoriasis.
pet based study for early detection of inflammation and effect of treatment in psoriasis.
trial of an injectable biologic and u0279 as combination therapy for severe plaque-type psoriasis.
efficacy and safety of las41008 (dimethyl fumarate) in adults with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis: a randomized, double-blind, fumaderm® - and placebo-controlled trial (bridge).
the effect of folic acid supplementation on the pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of oral methotrexate during the remission-induction period of treatment for moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
china-manufactured adalimumab biosimilar, hlx03, demonstrated pharmacokinetic equivalence and comparable safety to adalimumab.
dose optimization of infliximab in moderate to severe plaque psoriasis (study p05315).
a phase iii, randomized, multicentre, double-blind, placebo and cyclosporine controlled study of isa247 in plaque psoriasis patients (isa05-25) - none available.
treatment of psoriasis with oral liarozole: a dose-ranging study.
fumaric acid versus fumaric acid plus narrow band type b ultraviolet (uvb) for psoriasis.
bi 655066 compared to placebo and ustekinumab in patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
primary efficacy and safety of adalimumab in nail psoriasis from the first 26 weeks of a phase-3, randomized, placebo-controlled trial with subanalysis in patients with and without psoriatic arthritis.
a multicenter study with a randomized, double-blind,placebo-controlled induction dosing period followed by a randomized maintenance dosing period and a long-term extension period to evaluate the efficacy and safety of ly2439821 in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
efficacy and safety of adalimumab in subjects with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
efficacy and safety of prurisol administered orally for active moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
extension study of secukinumab prefilled syringes in subjects with moderate to severe chronic plaque-type psoriasis completing preceding secukinumab phase iii studies.
a 24-week multicentre, randomized, open-label, parallel-group study comparing the efficacy and safety of ixekizumab vs. fumaric acid esters and methotrexate in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis naive to systemic treatment.
cyclosporine improves psoriasis in a double-blind study.
the efficacy and safety of apremilast, etanercept and placebo in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: 52-week results from a phase iiib, randomized, placebo-controlled trial (liberate).
a 24-week, randomized, open-label comparison of ixekizumab versus fumaric acid esters and methotrexate in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis naive to systemic therapy.
one-year safety and efficacy of ustekinumab and results of dose adjustment after switching from inadequate methotrexate treatment: the transit randomized trial in moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
ustekinumab improves nail disease in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis: results from phoenix 1.
short-term changes in renal function, blood pressure, and electrolyte levels in patients receiving cyclosporine for dermatologic disorders.
effectiveness of interdisciplinary vs. dermatological care of moderate-to-severe psoriasis: a pragmatic randomised controlled trial.
study to evaluate broadlumab vs placebo and ustekinumab.
efficacy and safety of ustekinumab in chinese patients with moderate to severe plaque-type psoriasis: results from a phase 3 clinical trial (lotus).
relapse in psoriasis with two different tapering regimens of methotrexate: a randomized open-label controlled study.
a phase 3, multicenter, randomized, double-blind study comparing the safety and efficacy of abt-874 to methotrexate in subjects with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
analysis of body regions and components of pasi scores during adalimumab or methotrexate treatment for patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis.
body-weight-independent dosing of cyclosporine micro-emulsion and three times weekly maintenance regimen in severe psoriasis. a randomised study.
china-manufactured adalimumab biosimilar, hlx03, demonstrated pharmacokinetic equivalence and comparable safety to reference adalimumab.
comparison between the effect of two medicines used in psoriasis in different doses and combination.
592 impact of scalp psoriasis on quality of life measurements at baseline and following treatment with ixekizumab.
clinical efficacy, radiographic and safety findings through 5 years of subcutaneous golimumab treatment in patients with active psoriatic arthritis: results from a long-term extension of a randomised, placebo-controlled trial (the go-reveal study).
secukinumab induction and maintenance therapy in moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, phase ii regimen-finding study.
clinical signs of epithelial surface disruption impact pain and sexual health in patients with moderate-to-severe genital psoriasis.
a clinical trial to compare the effect of methotrexate alone and the effect of giving methotrexate along with atorvastatin for the treatment of psoriasis vulgaris.
immunomodulation by interleukin-10 therapy decreases the incidence of relapse and prolongs the relapse-free interval in psoriasis.
study of efficacy and safety of hlx03 in subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
secukinumab safetyand tolerability in patients with active psoriatic arthritis and psoriasis: results from a pooled safetyanalysis of seven international phase 3 trials.
a phase 4 clinical study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of induction and maintenance therapy of brodalumab (khk4827) in subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
efficacy and tolerability of biologic therapies for psoriasis: network meta-analysis.
baseline nail disease in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis and response to treatment with infliximab during 1 year.
study to compare efficacy and safety of abp 501 and adalimumab (humira®) in adults with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
sustained response with ixekizumab treatment of moderate-to-severe psoriasis with scalp involvement: results from three phase 3 trials (uncover-1, uncover-2, uncover-3).
intermittent short courses of cyclosporine microemulsion for the long-term management of psoriasis: a 2-year cohort study.
etanercept and methotrexate as monotherapy or in combination in patients with psoriatic arthritis: a phase 3, double- blind, randomized controlled study.
safety and efficacy study of cf101 to treat psoriasis.
study comparing the efficacy and safety of abt-874 to etanercept and placebo in subjects with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
effectiveness and side effects of uvb-phototherapy, dithranol inpatient therapy and a care instruction programme of short contact dithranol in moderate to severe psoriasis.
alefacept in the treatment of psoriasis in patients for whom conventional therapies are inadequate.
alefacept (amevive) with or without narrowband uvb treatment in patients with psoriasis.
cost-effectiveness analysis of a psoriasis care instruction programme with dithranol compared with uvb phototherapy and inpatient dithranol treatment.
hla-c*06: 02 allele and response to il-12/23 inhibition: results from the ustekinumab phase 3 psoriasis program.
clinical update on alefacept: consideration for use in patients with psoriasis.
alefacept: a novel biologic in the treatment of psoriasis.
a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase iii study evaluating efficacy and tolerability of 2 courses of alefacept in patients with chronic plaque psoriasis.
effects of curcuma extract and visible light on adults with plaque psoriasis.
low-dose short-term cyclosporine versus etretinate in psoriasis: improvement of skin, nail, and joint involvement.
tofacitinib withdrawal and retreatment in moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis: a randomized controlled trial.
long-term efficacy and safety of ustekinumab, with and without dosing adjustment, in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis: results from the phoenix 2 study through 5 years of follow-up.
ustekinumab is well-tolerated & effective in patients with psoriasis inadequately responsive to methotrexate: week 12 results from the transit study.
ustekinumab improves quality of life outcomes in psoriasis patients transitioned from methotrexate regardless of transition strategy: week 16 results from the transit study.
long-term safety of apremilast treatment in psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis patients: pooled analysis for 156 weeks and beyond in the esteem 1 and 2 and palace 1-3 phase 3 trials.
an independent prospective randomised controlled trial comparing the efficacy and cost effectiveness of infliximab and etanercept in 'high need' patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque type psoriasis.
folic acid supplementation during treatment of psoriasis with methotrexate: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
calcipotriene-induced improvement in psoriasis is associated with reduced interleukin-8 and increased interleukin-10 levels within lesions.
conversion of psoriasis patients from the conventional formulation of cyclosporin a to a new microemulsion formulation: a randomized, open, multicentre assessment of safety and tolerability.
27599 secukinumab administration by a 2 ml autoinjector demonstrates high efficacy with comparable safety and tolerability in adult patients with plaque psoriasis: 16-week results from mature.
a novel therapeutic approach to psoriasis with combination calcipotriol ointment and very low-dose cyclosporine: results of a multicenter placebo-controlled study.
27381 phase iii, randomized trial comparing clinical outcomes between patients with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis receiving adalimumab reference product (rp) continuously vs those who switched between bi 695501 and adalimumab rp.
26248 efficacy of secukinumab and adalimumab in psoriatic arthritis patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: results from the exceed study.
25799 efficacy and safety of ixekizumab in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis with and without psoriatic arthritis at baseline: results from uncover studies through 5 years.
quality of life and patient benefit following transition from methotrexate to ustekinumab in psoriasis.
phase 3, open-label, randomized study of the pharmacokinetics, efficacy and safety of ixekizumab following subcutaneous administration using a prefilled syringe or an autoinjector in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis (uncover-a).
secukinumab is superior to ustekinumab in clearing skin of subjects with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis up to 1 year: results from the clear study.
clinical efficacy of acitretin combined with total glucosides of white paeony for the treatment of plaque psoriasis.
low-dose acitretin is associated with fewer adverse events than high-dose acitretin in the treatment of psoriasis.
secukinumab shows significant efficacy in palmoplantar psoriasis: results from gesture, a randomized controlled trial.
efficacy and safety of ixekizumab in a randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled phase iiib study of patients with moderate-to-severe genital psoriasis.
an efficacy study of secukinumab in plaque psoriasis patients with subclinical psoriatic arthritis as measured by musculoskeletal ultrasound.
a phase 3, multicenter, randomized, double-blind,double-dummy, placebo-controlled studycomparing the safety and efficacy of adalimumab to methotrexate and placebo in subjects withmoderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
comparative effectiveness and safety of methotrexate versus puva in severe chronic stable plaque psoriasis.
impact of ixekizumab on psoriasis itch severity and other psoriasis symptoms: results from 3 phase iii psoriasis clinical trials.
tofacitinib versus etanercept or placebo in patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis: patient-reported outcomes from a phase 3 study.
27519 efficacy, pharmacokinetics, and tolerability of subcutaneous secukinumab injections with 2 ml prefilled syringes (300 mg) in adult subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
a study to evaluate cnto 1959 in the treatment of patients with moderate to severe plaque-type psoriasis.
clinical trial of the efficacy and safety of oral etretinate with calcipotriol cream compared with etretinate alone in moderate-severe psoriasis.
impact of adalimumab treatment on health-related quality of life and other patient-reported outcomes: results from a 16-week randomized controlled trial in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
a study to evaluate safety and efficacy of infliximab in chinese participants with moderate to severe plaque-type psoriasis.
a multi-centre, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, dose-finding and proof of concept study, to assess the efficacy, safety and tolerability, pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of namilumab/mt203 at 4 different subcutaneous doses – together with an open-label, dose-escalated extension to assess safety and efficacy of one year treatment - in subjects with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis neptune.
randomized, placebo and ciclosporin controlled study of isa247 in plaque psoriasis patients.
efficacy study on dimethyl fumarate to treat moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
a randomized, double-blind trial assessing the efficacy and safety of etanercept 50 mg twice weekly and etanercept 50 mg once weekly for the treatment of moderate to severe psoriasis.
efficacy, safety and immunogenicity of bi 695501 versus humira® in patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
addition of an oral histamine antagonist to reduce adverse events associated with fumaric acid esters in the treatment of psoriasis: a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trial.
a multi-center, randomized, double-blinded, double-dummy, parallel-controlled clinical trial to determine the efficacy and safety of tripterygium glycosides and acitretin in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis vulgaris.
ustekinumab significantly improves symptoms of anxiety, depression, and skin-related quality of life in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis: results from a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase iii trial.
alefacept: potential new therapy for patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis.
incidence of serious infectious events with methotrexate treatment: metaanalysis of randomized controlled trials.
oral psoriasis treatment adherence and intervention study.
methotrexate versus traditional chinese medicine in psoriasis: a randomized, placebo-controlled trial to determine efficacy, safety and quality of life.
a study where patients affected by moderate to severe chronic plaque-type psoriasis receive ain457 subcutaneously.
immunogenicity of originator and biosimilar infliximab: anti-drug antibody occurence, cross-reactivity and epitope specificities across six diseases. analyses from a norwegian randomized switching trial.
modeling the costs and outcomes associated with treatment sequences, with and without tofacitinib, for moderately to severely active psoriatic arthritis in the us.
a randomized, double-blind, placebo controlled, multicenter study of subcutaneous secukinumab, to demonstrate efficacy after twelve weeks of treatment and to assess safety, tolerability and long-term efficacy up to one year in subjects with moderate to severe chronic plaque-type psoriasis with or without psoriatic arthritis comorbidity.
15353 presence of psoriatic arthritis has no impact on the clinical efficacy and safety of secukinumab in patients with psoriasis: pooled analysis of four phase 3 clinical trials.
post-marketing safety of secukinumab in adult patients with psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis and ankylosing spondylitis: cumulative analysis across >96,000 patient-treatment years exposure.
comparative clinical trial of efficacy and safety of bcd-057 and humira® in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
safety and efficacy of secukinumab compared to etanercept in subjects with moderate to severe, chronic plaque-type psoriasis.
a comparative study for the efficacy and side effects in subcutaneous and oral methotrexate in patients of chronic plaque psoriasis.
combination therapy of etanercept and fumarates versus etanercept monotherapy in psoriasis: a randomized exploratory study.
efficacy of concomitant use of puva and methotrexate in disease clearance time in plaque type psoriasis.
risk factors for anti-infliximab antibody formation: results from a randomized controlled trial.
a clinical trial to study the effect of lupin's study drug lll-3348 in patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque type of psoriasis.
a randomized, double-blind study comparing the efficacy, safety and optimal dose of two formulations of cyclosporin, neoral and sandimmun, in patients with severe psoriasis. olp302 study group.
a phase 3, multi-site, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group study of the efficacy and safety of 2 oral doses of cp-690,550 in subjects with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
phase 3 study of m923 and humira® in subjects with chronic plaque-type psoriasis.
a phase iii, randomized, controlled trial of the fully human il-12/23 mab briakinumab in moderate-to-severe psoriasis.
538 the vascular inflammation in psoriasis (vip) trial: a secondary analysis of patient reported outcomes for patients treated with adalimumab, phototherapy, or placebo.
combined treatment with low-dose cyclosporine and calcipotriol/betamethasone dipropionate ointment for moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: a randomized controlled open-label study.
study evaluating the efficacy and safety of etanercept and acitretin in korean patient with moderate to severe psoriasis.
antipsoriatic effect of fumaric acid derivatives. results of a multicenter double-blind study in 100 patients.
study evaluating etanercept for the treatment of moderate to severe psoriasis.
two-year efficacy and safety of infliximab treatment in patients with active psoriatic arthritis: findings of the infliximab multinational psoriatic arthritis controlled trial (impact).
cutaneous nerve fiber architecture is altered in lesional psoriatic skin and recovers upon treatment with secukinumab.
benefit-risk analysis of adalimumab versus methotrexate and placebo in the treatment of moderate to severe psoriasis: comparison of adverse event-free response days in the champion trial.
role of oral colchicine in plaque type psoriasis. a randomized clinical trial comparing with oral methotrexate.
long-term efficacy and safety of brodalumab in the treatment of psoriasis: 120-week results from the randomized, double-blind, placebo- and active comparator-controlled phase 3 amagine-2 trial.
comparative study of bat2206 with stelara® in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
a comparison of mycophenolate mofetil with ciclosporine for the treatment of chronic plaque-type psoriasis.
a study to compare sb17 (proposed ustekinumab biosimilar) to stelara® in subject with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
a study to test the effect and safety of brodalumab compared with placebo and ustekinumab and the results of changing strength or frequency of brodalumab in people with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: amagine-3.
a study to test the effect and safety of brodalumab compared with placebo and ustekinumab and the results of changing strength or frequency of brodalumab in people with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: amagine-2.
a randomized, open label study to evaluate the safety and efficacy of etanercept in the treatment of subjects with psoriasis - clearest.
clinical study comparing dmb-3115 and stelara® in patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
time course of the incidence and magnitude of anti-drug antibodies to abp 501 and adalimumab in psoriasis patients treated for 16 weeks.
safety and efficacy of etanercept in patients with psoriasis.
a phase 3, multi site, randomized, double blind, placebo controlled, parallel group study of the efficacy and safety of 2 oral doses of cp-690,550 and 1 subcutaneous dose of etanercept in subjects with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
efficacy and safety of subcutaneous secukinumab for moderate to severe chronic plaque-type psoriasis for up to 1 year.
judging the efficacy of secukinumab in patients with psoriasis using autoinjector: a clinical trial evaluating treatment results (juncture).
therapeutic effects of adalimumab in patients with resistant psoriasis.
randomized placebo-controlled study of isa247 in plaque psoriasis.
radiographic progression of structural joint damage in patients with active psoriatic arthritis treated with ixekizumab for up to 3 years.
an intensified dosing schedule of subcutaneous methotrexate in patients with moderate to severe plaque-type psoriasis (metop): a 52 week, multicentre, randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, phase 3 trial.
adalimumab for nail psoriasis: efficacy and safety from the openlabel extension of a phase-3, randomized, placebo-controlled trial.
myl-1401a efficacy and safety comparability study to humira®.
study of two dosing schedules of adalimumab in subjects with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
study of the safety and efficacy of adalimumab in subjects with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
a study to assess the effect of ustekinumab (stelara®) and etanercept (enbrel®) in participants with moderate to severe psoriasis (mk-0000-206).
efficacy of ixekizumab versus adalimumab in psoriatic arthritis (psa) patients with and without moderate-to-severe psoriasis: 52-week results from a multicentre, randomised open-label study.
multicenter study of the safety and efficacy of adalimumab in subjects with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
bi 655066 dose ranging in psoriasis, active comparator ustekinumab.
52-week efficacy and safety of apremilast and switch from etanercept in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis: results from the liberate study.
efficacy and safety of leflunomide in the treatment of plaque type psoriasis.
comparison of ixekizumab and ustekinumab efficacy in the treatment of nail lesions of patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: 24-week data from a phase 3 trial.
switching from adalimumab to chs-1420: a randomized, double-blind global clinical trial in patients with psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis.
weekly methotrexate versus daily isotretinoin to treat moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis: a comparative study.
15354 response to treatment with secukinumab in obese patients with moderate to severe psoriasis.
15328 efficacy and safety of mirikizumab in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: 104-week results from a randomized phase 2 study.
efficacy of ixekizumab versus adalimumab in psoriatic arthritis (psa) patients with and without moderate-to-severe psoriasis: 52-week results from a multicentre, randomized open-label study.
acitretin versus etretinate in psoriasis. clinical and pharmacokinetic results of a german multicenter study.
15340 long-term treatment with secukinumab led to sustained clinical improvement and normalization of inflammatory markers in patients with psoriasis.
13771 comparison of ixekizumab and adalimumab in the treatment of nail psoriasis in psoriatic arthritis patients with moderate to severe psoriasis: 24-week results from a multicenter, randomized, open-label, rater-blinded study (spirit-h2h).
efficacy and safety of apremilast through 104 weeks in subjects with moderate to severe psoriasis randomized to placebo, apremilast, or etanercept who continued on or switched to apremilast after week 16 in a phase 3b study.
13097 biosimilar bi 695501 demonstrates clinical equivalence to adalimumab reference product in patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis through 24 weeks.
ixekizumab and complete resolution of enthesitis and dactylitis: integrated analysis of two phase 3 randomized trials in psoriatic arthritis.
18578 a pooled 48-week analysis of brodalumab on a marker of inflammation in patients with psoriasis and potential indicators of early nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
secukinumab demonstrates consistent safety over long-term exposure in patients with psoriatic arthritis and moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: updated pooled safety analyses.
a safety and effectiveness study of cnto 1275 in patients with moderate to severe plaque-type psoriasis.
ustekinumab plus uvb-311nm in psoriasis.
initial treatment with golimumab in early psa.
adalimumab in adult japanese subjects with psoriasis.
randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled evaluation of the efficacy of oral psoralen plus ultraviolet a for the treatment of plaque-type psoriasis using the psoriasis area severity index score (improvement of 75% or greater) at 12 weeks.
secukinumab rapidly improves eq-5d health status in patients with psoriasis: pooled analysis from four phase 3 trials.
a comparison of the clinical effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of treatments for moderate to severe psoriasis.
adverse drug events in infliximab-treated patients compared with the general and psoriasis populations.
a study to investigate the impact of switching between abp 501 and adalimumab for the treatment of subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
16869 efficacy of brodalumab in total clearance of nail unit psoriasis.
long-term efficacy, safety and immunogenicity results from a randomized, double-blind, phase iii confirmatory efficacy and safety study comparing gp2017, a proposed biosimilar, with reference adalimumab.
combining acitretin and efalizumab in the therapy of chronic plaque psoriasis.
absolute and relative psoriasis area and severity indices over 1 year of treatment with ixekizumab: a descriptive analysis in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
safety and efficacy of adalimumab in treatment of patients with psoriatic arthritis who had failed disease modifying antirheumatic drug therapy.
isa 247: trans-isa 247, trans-r 1524, isa(tx)247, isatx 247, isatx247, lx 211, lx211, r 1524, r-1524.
a research study to evaluate the efficacy of leo 32731 oral tablet formulation in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis vulgaris.
vascular inflammation in psoriasis - extension study.
efficacy and safety of intravenous golimumab through one year in patients with active psoriatic arthritis.
an evaluation of etanercept in the treatment of subjects with psoriasis.
4 year extension study of efficacy and safety of secukinumab in patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque-type psoriasis.
long-term efficacy, safety, and immunogenicity data from a phase iii confirmatory study comparing gp2017, a proposed biosimilar, with reference adalimumab.
an efficacy and safety study of ustekinumab (cnto 1275) in participants with plaque psoriasis.
apremepsa study: a comparative study between apremilast and methotrexate regarding their efficacy in psoriatic arthritis.
absolute pasi and its correlation with dlqi: an ex post analysis of the clear study.
itching is a significant problem and a mediator between disease severity and quality of life for patients with psoriasis: results from a randomized controlled trial.
study to assess the efficacy and safety of orismilast in psoriasis.
cardiovascular safety of ustekinumab in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis: results of integrated analyses of data from phase ii and iii clinical studies.
long-term 52-week results of palace 3, a phase 3, randomized, controlled trial of apremilast, an oral phosphodiesterase 4 inhibitor, in patients with psoriatic arthritis and current skin involvement.
study to demonstrate the efficacy, safety and tolerability of intravenous secukinumab up to 52 weeks in subjects with active psoriatic arthritis.
effect of brodalumab compared to placebo on vascular inflammation in moderate-to-severe psoriasis.
study the efficacy and side effects of subcutaneous v/s oral methotrexate in the management of moderate to severe psoriasis and palmoplantar psoriasis.
extension study of secukinumab prefilled syringes in subjects with moderate to severe chronic plaque-type psoriasis completing preceding psoriasis phase iii studies with secukinumab.
a multicenter, double-blind, randomized, parallel-group, active control study to compare the efficacy, safety, and immunogenicity of avt02 versus humiraâ® in patients with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis (alvopad ps).
ixekizumab treatment and the impact on sf-36: results from three pivotal phase iii randomised controlled trials in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
impact of weight on the efficacy and safety of ustekinumab in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis: rationale for dosing recommendations.
study of efficacy and safety of secukinumab 2 ml auto-injector (300 mg) injections in subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
the effects of infliximab versus methotrexate in the treatment of moderate to severe psoriasis (study p04271am2)(completed).
improvement in the quality of life of patients with severe plaque psoriasis treated with systemic methotrexate in fixed doses of 10 mg or 25 mg orally once weekly: a prospective, randomized, double-blind, parallel-group study.
treatment with sdz-adl, an adalimumab biosimilar, in patients with rheumatoid arthritis, psoriasis, or psoriatic arthritis: results of patient-reported outcome measures from two phase iii studies (admyra and adaccess).
ixekizumab and ustekinumab efficacy in nail psoriasis in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis: 52-week results from a phase 3, head-to-head study (ixora-s).
safety profiles of ixekizumab versus adalimumab: 52-week results from a headto-head comparison in patients with active psoriatic arthritis.
long-term safety and efficacy of adalimumab from the phase 3 randomized placebo-controlled trial in patients with nail and skin psoriasis.
secukinumab provides significant and sustained improvement in nail psoriasis and signs and symptoms of psoriatic arthritis in patients with nail phenotype: 52-week results from the phase iii future 5 study.
a propensity-score weighting approach to compare registry and trial populations of patients with psoriasis on biologic therapies.
interval prolongation in etanercepttreated patients with rheumatoid arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis or psoriatic arthritis: an open-label, randomised controlled trial.
target outcomes in psa: simultaneous achievement of acr50-pasi100 and beyond: insights from spirit-h2h at week 24.
impact of methotrexate on disease pattern in active psoriatic arthritis patients eligible for a randomized clinical trial with ustekinumab: comparative baseline data from multicentre investigator-initiated must trial.
the impact of adalimumab vs placebo on patient-reported outcomes and utility measures among patients with moderately to severely active psoriatic arthritis.
adalimumab introduction versus methotrexate dose escalation in patients with inadequately controlled psoriatic arthritis: results from randomized phase 4 control study.
secukinumab demonstrates a consistent safety profile in patients with psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis and ankylosing spondylitis over long term: updated pooled safety analyses.
efficacy of adalimumab in nail psoriasis by baseline subgroups, and overall safety from first 26 weeks of a phase 3, randomized, placebo-controlled trial.
phase 3 study to evaluate safety and effectiveness of oral apremilast (cc-10004) in patients with psoriatic arthritis and a psoriasis lesion.
secukinumab demonstrates a consistent safety profile with up to 5 years treatment in patients with psoriatic arthritis and moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: updated pooled safety analyses.
oral retinoid for psoriasis. a report of a double blind study.
efficacy and safety of abt-874, a monoclonal anti-interleukin 12/23 antibody, for the treatment of chronic plaque psoriasis: 36-week observation/retreatment and 60-week open-label extension phases of a randomized phase ii trial.
methotrexate vs secukinumab safety in psoriasis patients with metabolic syndrome.
study in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis with secukinumab.
liberate trial: sustained efficacy of apremilast in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis who continued on apremilast or switched from etanercept treatment.
bathing suit delivery of 8-methoxypsoralen for psoriasis: a double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
relationship between pasi and dlqi scores and anxiety/depression in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis treated with brodalumab in the amagine-1 trial.
incidence of thromboembolic events in the tofacitinib rheumatoid arthritis, psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis and ulcerative colitis development programmes.
long-term safety and efficacy of biosimilar infliximab (ct-p13) after switching from originator infliximab: results from the 26-week open label extension of a norwegian randomised trial.
clinically meaningful improvement in skin and nail psoriasis in bio-naïve active psoriatic arthritis patients treated with intravenous golimumab: results through week 24 of the go-vibrant study.
efficacy of isa247 in plaque psoriasis: a randomised, multicentre, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase iii study.
long-term efficacy of ustekinumab in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis treated for up to 5 years in the phoenix 1 study.
long-term safety of ustekinumab in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis: final results from 5 years of follow-up.
secukinumab demonstrates high efficacy and a favorable safety profile over 52 weeks in chinese patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
raptiva in palm and sole psoriasis.
a safety and efficacy study of ustekinumab in patients with plaque psoriasis who have had an inadequate response to methotrexate.
comparison of efficacy and safety of oral vs subcutaneous methotrexate in psoriasis.
the evaluation of efficacy and safety of methotrexate and pioglitazone in psoriasis patients: a randomized, open-labeled, active-controlled clinical trial.
infliximab improves health-related quality of life in the presence of comorbidities among patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis.
cost per additional responder associated with ixekizumab and etanercept in the treatment of moderate-to-severe psoriasis.
to compare the effect of three drugs- methotrexate, apremilast and their combination in patients suffering from psoriasis vulgaris.
quality of life outcomes in adults with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis treated with dimethylfumarate (dmf): a post hoc analysis of the bridge study.
study evaluating etanercept and methotrexate in plaque psoriasis.
pbi1 the psoriasis study of health outcomes (psoho) in biologic-naive and -experienced patients: results from the first 217 patients.
efficacy, safety, and immunogenicity of bi 695501 versus humira® in patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
efficacy and safety of ixekizumab with or without methotrexate in biologic-naïve patients with psoriatic arthritis: 52-week results from spirit-h2h study.
first study of secukinumab in pre-filled syringes in subjects with chronic plaque-type psoriasis: response at 12 weeks.
effectiveness of xiaoyin jiedu granules in the treatment of psoriasis vulgaris in patients with blood-heat symptom patterns in terms of traditional chinese medicine.
the voltaire-x trial looks at the effect of switching between humira® and bi 695501 in patients with plaque psoriasis.
efficacy study in patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque-type posriasis.
minimal clinically important difference for work productivity and activity impairment questionnaire in psoriasis patients.
ixekizumab—an effective and safe treatment for moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis in patients previously treated with other il-17 inhibitors: results from ixora-p.
assessment of the safety and efficacy of intravenous (10mg/kg) and subcutaneous (300mg) secukinumab in moderate to severe chronic plaque-type psoriasis who are partial responders to secukinumab.
clinical efficacy of psoralen + sunlight vs. combination of isotretinoin and psoralen + sunlight for the treatment of chronic plaque-type psoriasis vulgaris: a randomized hospital-based study.
the effect of intravenous golimumab on health-related quality of life and work productivity in patients with active psoriatic arthritis: results of the phase 3 go-vibrant trial.
comparison of chs-1420 versus humira in subjects with chronic plaque psoriasis.
sulfasalazine improves psoriasis. a double-blind analysis.
efficiency of acitretin in combination with uv-b in the treatment of severe psoriasis.
the cost effectiveness of tapered versus abrupt discontinuation of oral cyclosporin microemulsion for the treatment of psoriasis.
comparative double-blind study of the efficacy and safety of bcd-057 and humiraâ® in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
a randomized comparison of continuous vs. intermittent infliximab maintenance regimens over 1 year in the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
multiple-dose regimen study to assess effect of 12 months of secukinumab treatment on skin response and biomarkers in psoriasis patients.
clinical similarity of biosimilar abp 501 to adalimumab in the treatment of patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: a randomized, double-blind, multicenter, phase iii study.
evaluating the safety of etanercept 50 mg twice weekly in subjects with psoriasis.
imo-8400, a toll-like receptor 7, 8, and 9 antagonist, demonstrates clinical activity in a phase 2a, randomized, placebo-controlled trial in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
a comparative study on clinical efficacy of various modalities of localized therapy in chronic plaque psoriasis.
molecular and cellular responses to the tyk2/jak1 inhibitor pf-06700841 reveal reduction of skin inflammation in plaque psoriasis.
a clinical trial to study the effect of apremilast tablets in the treatment of patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis who are candidates for phototherapy or systemic therapy.
efficacy of psoriasis treatments: systematic literature review and bayesian metaanalysis.
a 24-week multicenter, randomized, open-label, parallel group study comparing the efficacy and safety of ixekizumab to fumaric acid esters and methotrexate in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis who are naive to systemic treatment.
administration of dab389il-2 to patients with recalcitrant psoriasis: a double-blind, phase ii multicenter trial.
study of etanercept in the treatment of psoriasis in adult subjects.
a study to assess the effects of apremilast and methotrexate in the treatment of patients with psoriasis.
methotrexate vs. ciclosporin in psoriasis: effectiveness, quality of life and safety. a randomized controlled trial.
secukinumab improves hand, foot and nail lesions in moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: subanalysis of a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, regimen-finding phase 2 trial.
effectiveness of a combination of isotretinoin and phototherapy in treatment of psoriasis.
adalimumab for treatment of moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis of the hands and feet: efficacy and safety results from reach, a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind trial.
a head-to-head comparison of the efficacy and safety of ixekizumab and adalimumab in biological-naïve patients with active psoriatic arthritis: 24-week results of a randomised, open-label, blinded-assessor trial.
continuous dosing versus interrupted therapy with ixekizumab: an integrated analysis of two phase 3 trials in psoriasis.
rapid improvements in health-related quality of life and itch with ixekizumab treatment in randomized phase 3 trials: results from uncover-2 and uncover-3.
pharmacokinetic, efficacy, safety, and immunogenicity of avt02 with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
fumarates vs. methotrexate in moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis: a multicentre prospective randomized controlled clinical trial.
a phase 3b trial of ixekizumab compared to ustekinumab (stelara) in moderate to severe psoriasis.
efficacy and safety of mirikizumab (ly3074828) in the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: results from a phase ii study.
the efficacy of calcipotriol + acitretin combination therapy for psoriasis: comparison with acitretin monotherapy.
risk factors for anti-infliximab antibody formation: results from the randomised controlled nor-drum a trial.
efficacy and safety of tripterygium wilfordii hook f versus acitretin in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis vulgaris: a multi-center, randomized, double blind, double-dummy, parallel-controlled clinical trial.
a study of the safety and effectiveness of ustekinumab (stelara) in chinese patients with psoriasis.
comparison between methotrexate and apremilast in psoriatic arthritis-a single blinded randomized controlled trial (apremepsa study).
a phase 3 study of the safety and effectiveness of apremilast versus placebo in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
the majority of patients with moderate to severe psoriatic arthritis had existing structural damage, predisposing them to further progression, which was markedly inhibited by adalimumab.
a prospective phase iii, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study of brodalumab in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
an open-labelled randomised comparative evaluation of therapeutic efficacy and safety of apremilast versus methotrexate in the treatment of patients with chronic plaque psoriasis.
reduction of adverse effects by systemic antihistamines during therapy with fumarates in severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
effects of briakinumab treatment for moderate to severe psoriasis on health-related quality of life and work productivity and activity impairment: results from a randomized phase iii study.
duration of remission of biologic agents for chronic plaque psoriasis.
additional efficacy benefit of continuous ixekizumab every-2-week dosing among patients with psoriasis who do not respond by week 12.
cytokine effects of apremilast as a mechanism of efficacy in systemic-naive patients with moderate plaque psoriasis: results from the unveil trial.
the efficacy and safety of adding methotrexate to etanercept in psoriasis.
study to demonstrate equivalent efficacy and to compare safety of biosimilar etanercept (gp2015) and enbrel.
efficacy and pharmacokinetics of two formulations of cyclosporine a in patients with psoriasis.
a study of the early activity of ixekizumab (ly2439821) in moderate-to-severe psoriasis.
an evaluation of clinical and quality-of-life outcomes with apremilast treatment for up to 52 weeks in esteem 1 patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis classified as pasi-75 nonresponders.
evidence that a neutrophil-keratinocyte crosstalk is an early target of il-17a inhibition in psoriasis.
study in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis to assess efficacy of secukinumab compared to fumaderm®.
a multi-center, randomized, clinical trial to compare the efficacy and safety of a new drug with fumaderm in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
standardizing 8-methoxypsoralen plasma profiles by using an emulsion form.
study of secukinumab compared to fumaderm® in adults with moderate to severe psoriasis.
results of a randomized, double-blind study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of etanercept in patients with psoriasis and psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis: the presta trial.
comparative efficacy of biological drugs in the maintenance phase in adult patients with moderate-severe plaque psoriasis.
efficacy and safety of apremilast with or without topical or phototherapy: subanalysis of the population with <pasi-75 in the esteem 1 phase 3, randomized, controlled trial in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
secukinumab is superior to fumaric acid esters in treating patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis who are naive to systemic treatments: results from the randomized controlled prime trial.
randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trial using recombinant human interleukin-10 for moderate-to-severe psoriasis.
trial in patients with psoriasis treated with methotrexate using an optimized treatment schedule (metop).
efficacy of adalimumab compared with methotrexate or placebo stratified by baseline bmi in a randomized placebo-controlled trial in patients with psoriasis.
safety and efficacy of efalizumab in combination with methotrexate in patients with severe psoriasis: a comparative study.
efficacy and safety of subcutaneous secukinumab (ain457) for moderate to severe chronic plaque-type psoriasis assessing different doses and dose regimens.
secukinumab retreatment-as-needed versus fixed-interval maintenance regimen for moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: a randomized, double-blind, noninferiority trial (sculpture).
efficacy, safety and tolerability assessment of secukinumab 300 mg s.c. optimization in patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
a 12 week double-blind, randomised, placebo-controlled, modified dose-escalation trial to investigate safety, efficacy, and pharmacokinetics of birt 2584xx tablets at doses of 100, 300 and 500 mg administered once daily in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis with a 12 week treatment extension for pasi 50 responders.
long-term 52-week results of palace 3, a phase 3, randomized controlled trial of apremilast, an oral phosphodiesterase 4 inhibitor, in patients with psoriatic arthritis and current skin involvement.
efficacy and safety of etanercept 50 mg once weekly plus as needed topical agent in moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
safety and efficacy of apremilast through 104 weeks in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis who continued on apremilast or switched from etanercept treatment in the liberate study.
study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of high induction doses of adalimumab in moderate to severe psoriasis patients.
intermittent vs. continuous 1-year cyclosporin use in chronic plaque psoriasis.
early treatment targets for predicting long-term dermatology life quality index response in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: a post hoc analysis from a long-term clinical study.
effects of ain457, a fully human antibody to interleukin-17a, on psoriasis, rheumatoid arthritis, and uveitis.
a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, dose-ranging, phase 2b study of ly3009104 in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
a randomised, double-blind, two-period study to evaluate the safety and efficacy of etanercept on skin and joint disease in psoriasis subjects with psoriatic arthritis - presta.
quality of life in psoriatic arthritis: comparative results with rheumatoid arthritis using sf36 in trials using methotrexate.
phase 3 study to evaluate safety and effectiveness of oral apremilast (cc-10004) in patients with psoriatic arthritis.
bi655066 in moderate to severe plaque psoriasis with randomized withdrawal and re-treatment.
13876 achieving a pasi 50 at 2 weeks was associated with better long-term clinical outcomes and low discontinuation: a subgroup analysis of a phase 3 trial of ixekizumab and etanercept in moderate to severe psoriasis.
a phase iv, randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled crossover study of the effects of ustekinumab on vascular inflammation in psoriasis (the vip-u trial).
influence of psychological factors on the response to therapy with secukinumab in psoriasis patients on the subjective and objective level.
transition to ustekinumab in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis and inadequate response to methotrexate: a randomized clinical trial (transit).
a phase 3 trial in moderate to severe plaque psoriasis patients.
efficacy of continuous ixekizumab treatment over 60 weeks in systemicnaïve patients and after switching from methotrexate.
the effectiveness of lower cyclosporine doses for psoriasis.
adalimumab for the treatment of moderate to severe psoriasis: subanalysis of effects on scalp and nails in the believe study.
safety of apremilast and etanercept compared with placebo in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis: results from the liberate study.
improvements in lesional burning and stinging with brodalumab in psoriasis studies.
ixekizumab treatment of biologic-naïve patients with active psoriatic arthritis: 3-year results from a phase iii clinical trial (spirit-p1).
a study to test the effect and safety of brodalumab compared with placebo and the results of stopping and restarting brodalumab treatment in people with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: amagine-1.
number needed to treat associated with ixekizumab and etanercept from uncover-2 and uncover-3 phase iii trials in the treatment of moderate-to-severe psoriasis.
fumaric acid therapy in psoriasis: a double-blind comparison between fumaric acid compound therapy and monotherapy with dimethylfumaric acid ester.
long-term outcomes of interruption and retreatment vs. continuous therapy with adalimumab for psoriasis: subanalysis of reveal and the open-label extension study.
ustekinumab for the treatment of moderate to severe psoriasis.
dermatology life quality index in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis treated with brodalumab or ustekinumab.
a prospective randomized controlled trial comparing infliximab and etanercept in patients with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque-type psoriasis: the psoriasis infliximab vs. etanercept comparison evaluation (piece) study.
pharmacoeconomic evaluation of pharmacological treatment options for patients with moderately-severe and severe psoriasis with base therapy resistance.
a study of safety and effectiveness of ustekinumab (cnto 1275) in patients with moderate to severe plaque-type psoriasis.
567 stability of pasi 90 response in psoriasis patients treated with ixekizumab or ustekinumab.
the effect of adalimumab on reducing depression symptoms in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis: a randomized clinical trial.
comparison of chs-0214 to enbrel (etanercept) in patients with chronic plaque psoriasis (pso).
study in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis to assess efficacy and safety of secukinumab.
541 evaluation of optimal psoriasis assessment tool (opat) incorporating both clinical and patient-reported outcomes for treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
comparison of the clinical efficacy of subcutaneous versus oral administration of methotrexate in patients with psoriasis vulgaris.
safety and efficacy of tofacitinib vs methotrexate in the treatment of psoriatic arthritis.
713 the association between disease severity at time of retreatment and probability of recapture in psoriasis patients receiving ixekizumab.
evaluation of improvement in skin and nail psoriasis in bio-naïve patients with active psoriatic arthritis treated with golimumab: results through week 52 of the go-vibrant study.
treatment of plaque-type psoriasis with methotrexate plus betamethasone.
efficacy of tofacitinib in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis who had inadequate responses to prior biologics.
anti-il-23a mab bi 655066 for treatment of moderate-to-severe psoriasis: safety, efficacy, pharmacokinetics, and biomarker results of a single-rising-dose, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
a study of safety and efficacy comparing abt-874 versus methotrexate in subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
efficacy and safety of infliximab vs. methotrexate in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: results of an open-label, active-controlled, randomized trial (restore1).
ustekinumab improves health-related quality of life in korean and taiwanese patients with moderate to severe psoriasis: results from the pearl trial.
a comparative clinical study to evaluate efficacy and safety of test drug in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
study in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis and metabolic syndrome to assess the efficacy and safety of cosentyx plus lifestyle intervention compared to cosentyx therapy alone.
therapeutic effect and plasma concentration of cyclosporin a combined acitretin for the treatment of psoriasis.
benefit of progressively increasing doses during the initial treatment with acitretin in psoriasis.
double-blind controlled study on the clinical efficacy of oral etretinate in psoriasis.
ustekinumab improves health-related quality of life in chinese patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: results from the lotus trial and curative effect observation.
efficacy of adalimumab in nail psoriasis by history of psoriatic arthritis and overall safety from final, open-label 26 weeks of a phase 3, randomized, placebo-controlled trial.
efficacy of apremilast, an oral phosphodiesterase 4 inhibitor, on physical function and pain in patients with psoriatic arthritis and current skin involvement: results of palace 3, a phase 3, randomized, controlled trial.
novel evaluation of psoriasis area and severity index (pasi) data: distribution of pasi improvements in a trial of etanercept for moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
clinically meaningful improvement in skin and nail psoriasis in bio-naive active psoriatic arthritis patients treated with intravenous golimumab: results through week 52 from a phase-3 study.
the contribution of joint and skin improvements to the health-related quality of life of patients with psoriatic arthritis: a post hoc analysis of two randomised controlled studies.
tight controlled dose reductions of biologics in psoriasis patients with low disease activity: a randomized pragmatic non-inferiority trial.
moderate weight loss makes obese patients with severe chronic plaque psoriasis responsive to sub-optimal dose of cyclosporine: an investigator blinded, controlled, randomized clinical trial.
study of efficacy and safety of secukinumab compared to ustekinumab in subjects with plaque psoriasis.
study to compare effectiveness of methotrexate-pioglitazone combination against methotrexate alone in patients of psoriasis, a skin disorder.
efficacy and safety of ixekizumab after switching from fumaric acid esters or methotrexate in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis naïve to systemic treatment.
a randomised, double blind, placebo controlled efficacy and safety trial of different doses/dose regimens of fp187 compared to placebo in moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
adjusted brodalumab dose compared with standard brodalumab dose in subjects with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis and =120 kg body weight.
ixekizumab vs. adalimumab for the treatment of psoriatic arthritis: 52-week efficacy and safety outcomes.
a study to check effectiveness of dimethyl fumarate gastro-resistant hard capsule in patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
long-term safety and tolerability of apremilast, an oral phosphodiesterase 4 inhibitor, in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis: results from a phase iii, randomized, controlled trial (esteem 1).
apremilast, an oral phosphodiesterase 4 inhibitor, in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis: results from the randomized treatment withdrawal phase of a phase 3, randomized, controlled trial (esteem 1).
a study to evaluate the efficacy and safety/tolerability of subcutaneous mk-3222 in participants with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis (mk-3222-012).
fasting in managment of psoriasis.
a phase 3, randomized, double-blind, placebo- and active-controlled study of the efficacy and safety of daily piclidenoson (cf101) administered orally in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
methotrexate with /without topical calcipotriol-which one is better in plaque psoriasis.
cyclosporin versus etretinate: italian multicenter comparative trial in severe plaque-form psoriasis. italian multicenter study group on cyclosporin in psoriasis.
efficacy and safety of systemic methotrexate in two fixed doses of 10 mg or 25 mg orally once weekly in adult patients with severe plaque-type psoriasis: a prospective, randomized, double-blind, dose-ranging study.
pbi35 quality-of-life outcomes comparing the proposed biosimilar msb11022 to reference adalimumab in patients with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque-type psoriasis.
a multicenter, parallel, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial evaluating the safety and efficacy of etanercept 50 mg once weekly in subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis - nd.
tnfα antagonism and insulin resistance in non-diabetic patients suffering from psoriasis: secondary analysis of a randomised active-controlled trial.
this is a study of the safety and efficacy of ustekinumab (cnto 1275) in adolescent patients with moderate to severe psoriasis.
a multicenter, open-label, randomized, pilot study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of the combination of etanercept (etn) and methotrexate and of etanercept (etn) alone in patients with active plaque psoriasis despite methotrexate therapy.
a randomized, double-blind, double-dummy, placebo controlled, multicenter study of subcutaneous secukinumab to demonstrate efficacy after twelve weeks of treatment, compared placebo and etanercept and to assess the safety, tolerability and long-term efficacy up to one year in subjects with moderate to severe chronic plaque-type psoriasis.
a double-blind study in subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis to evaluate efficacy, safety, tolerability of four different dose levels of aby-035 compared to placebo.
the effect of adalimumab on immune markers in lesional psoriatic skin. - adalimumab cell biology cohort study.
a phase 3 trial to test mirikizumab in moderate to severe psoriasis patients.
the pkc inhibitor aeb071 may be a therapeutic option for psoriasis.
a phase 4 trial comparing the efficacy of subcutaneous injections of brodalumab to oral administrations of fumaric acid esters in adults with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
a double-blind comparison of acitretin and etretinate in the treatment of severe psoriasis. results of a nordic multicentre study.
a phase iv, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled crossover study of the effects of ustekinumab on vascular inflammation in psoriasis (the vip-u trial).
total skin clearance results in improvements in health-related quality of life and reduced symptom severity among patients with moderate to severe psoriasis.
study to demonstrate equivalent efficacy and to compare safety of biosimilar adalimumab (gp2017) and humira.
an update on the long-term safety experience of ustekinumab: results from the psoriasis clinical development program with up to four years of follow-up.
psoriasis relapse evaluation with week-end cyclosporine a treatment: results of a randomized, double-blind, multicenter study.
a long-term study of the efficacy and safety of secukinumab compared with ustekinumab in adult subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
a randomized, double-blind, multicenter, equivalence study of ons-3010 and humira® for the treatment of patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
informative dropout modeling of longitudinal ordered categorical data and model validation: application to exposure-response modeling of physician's global assessment score for ustekinumab in patients with psoriasis.
comparison of efficacy and tolerability of two drugs named apremilast and methotrexate in patients of moderate to severe palmoplantar psoriasis.
secukinumab demonstrates sustained high efficacy and a favorable safety profile in moderate to severe psoriasis patients through 4 years of treatment (extension of sculpture study).
evaluation of the usefulness of adalimumab in patients with psoriatic arthritis.
consistent safety and tolerability of secukinumab over long-term exposure in patients with active psoriatic arthritis and moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: updated pooled safety analyses.
humax-cd4: a fully human monoclonal anti-cd4 antibody for the treatment of psoriasis vulgaris.
efficacy and safety study of subcutaneous secukinumab in treatment of subjects with moderate to severe chronic plaque-type psoriasis as compared to etanercept and placebo.
tight control dose reductions of biologics in psoriasis patients with low disease activity.
long-term efficacy of ustekinumab in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis: results from the phoenix 1 trial through up to 3 years.
the effect of acitretin on moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
treatment with 311-nm ultraviolet b enhanced response of psoriatic lesions in ustekinumab-treated patients: a randomized intraindividual trial.
impact of ixekizumab treatment on skin-related personal relationship difficulties in moderate-to-severe psoriasis patients: 12-week results from two phase 3 trials.
efficacy and safety of subcutaneous secukinumab for moderate to severe chronic plaque-type psoriasis for up to 1 year (erasure).
a comparison of the efficacy of oral fumarate and methotrexate therapy in the treatment of severe psoriasis.
clinical efficacy and quality of life under micronutrients in combination with methotrexate therapy in chronic plaque of psoriatic patients.
adalimumab efficacy in patients with psoriasis who received or did not respond to prior systemic therapy: a pooled post hoc analysis of results from three double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trials.
comparison of ixekizumab with etanercept or placebo in moderate-to-severe psoriasis: subgroup analysis of latin american patients in the phase 3 randomized uncover-3 study.
cytokine effects of apremilast as a mechanism of efficacy in systemic-naïve subjects with moderate plaque psoriasis: results from the unveil trial.
adalimumab improves health-related quality of life in patients with fingernail psoriasis.
comparison of methotrexate and azathioprine in the treatment of psoriasis: a randomized controlled trial.
cost-efficacy comparison of biological therapies for patients with moderate to severe psoriasis in japan.
efficacy and safety of apremilast and switch from etanercept in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis: 52-week results.
evaluation of pharmacology and clinical response to tyk2/jak1 kinase inhibitor, pf-06700841, in patients with plaque psoriasis.
a 36-week extension to protocol isa04-03.
a randomized, double-blind, placebo controlled, multicenter study of subcutaneous secukinumab to demonstrate efficacy after twelve weeks of treatment, and to assess the safety, tolerability and long-term efficacy up to one year in subjects with moderate to severe plaque-type chronic psoriasis.
treatment of kunxian capsule for moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: a multi-center, randomized, double-blinded, double-dummy, positive-drug, parallel-controlled clinical trial.
evaluate efficacy, and safety of topical therapy and etanercept in subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
efficacy, safety and medication cost implications of adalimumab 40 mg weekly dosing in patients with psoriasis with suboptimal response to 40 mg every other week dosing: results from an open-label study.
impact of psoriasis disease activity and other risk factors on serum-urate levels in patients with psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis-a post-hoc analysis of pooled data from three phase 3-trials with secukinumab.
long-term efficacy and safety of adalimumab in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis treated continuously over 3 years: results from an open-label extension study for patients from reveal.
systemic therapy with fumaric acid derivates: new possibilities in the treatment of psoriasis.
double-blind, randomised, placebo-controlled trial investigating birt 2584 xx in patients with moderate/severe psoriasis.
etretinate in severe psoriasis. results of double-blind study and maintenance therapy in pustular psoriasis.
tofacitinib attenuates pathologic immune pathways in patients with psoriasis: a randomized phase 2 study.
a phase 2, randomized, double-blind, dose-ranging, placebo-controlled study of the safety and activity of daily cf101 administered orally in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis - na.
nail psoriasis does not affect skin response to ixekizumab in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis.
a double-blind study to compare the efficacy, safety, and immunogenicity of the proposed biosimilar ustekinumab fyb202 to stelara® in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
efficacy study in patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque-type psoriasis.
topoproteome-analysis of psoriasis under fumarate-treatment. - topof clinical trial.
a double-blind study to compare the efficacy, safety, and immunogenicity of the proposed biosimilar ustekinumab fyb202 to stelara in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
multicenter, double-blind, randomized, parallel-group, study evaluating pharmacokinetic, efficacy, safety, and immunogenicity between patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis receiving humira® and patients undergoing repeated switches between humira® and avt02 followed by a safety extension phase of avt02.
secukinumab in the treatment of moderate to severe scalp psoriasis: a study to evaluate efficacy and safety.
methotrexate injections for psoriasis.
multicentre, randomised, open-label, parallel-group study evaluating the efficacy and safety of ixekizumab versus adalimumab in patients with psoriatic arthritis naïve to biological disease-modifying antirheumatic drug: final results by week 52.
efficacy and safety of combination acitretin and pioglitazone therapy in patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque-type psoriasis: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial.
secukinumab demonstrates consistent safety over long-term exposure in patients with psoriatic arthritis and moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: updated pooled safety analyses.
infliximab monotherapy provides rapid and sustained benefit for plaque-type psoriasis.
a phase 3,multicenter,randomized,double-blind study evaluating the efficacy and safety of qx001s compared with ustekinumab in subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
comparison of oral versus subcutaneous route of methotrexate administration in moderate to severe psoriasis.
ixekizumab treatment improves itching and health-related quality (hrqol) of life in psoriasis patients in latin america.
extension of ustekinumab maintenance dosing interval in moderate-to-severe psoriasis: results of a phase iiib, randomized, double-blinded, active-controlled, multicentre study (pstellar).
bounded outcome score modeling: application to treating psoriasis with ustekinumab.
clinical similarity of the biosimilar abp 501 compared with adalimumab after single transition: long-term results from a randomized controlled, double-blind, 52-week, phase iii trial in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
chinese medicine in combination with western medicine for the prevention of relapse in patients with severe psoriasis.
methotrexate and psoriasis.
plaque psoriasis efficacy and safety with secukinumab.
study evaluating the efficacy and safety of triptergium wilfordii and acitretin in psoriasis vulgaris - china201002016-2.
an assessment of adalimumab efficacy in three phase iii clinical trials using the european consensus programme criteria for psoriasis treatment goals.
users of biologics in clinical practice: would they be eligible for phase iii clinical studies? cohort study in the french psoriasis registry psobioteq.
quality of life of patients with psoriasis treated with methotrexate: prospective, randomized, double-blind, parallel group study.
methotrexate and cyclosporine in the treatment of psoriasis.
combination therapy and the use of an initial dose of intramuscular methotrexate in patients hospitalized for psoriasis.
efficacy of adalimumab across subgroups of patients with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis of the hands and/or feet: post hoc analysis of reach.
a study comparing the safety and efficacy of two dosing regimens of abt-874 to placebo in subjects with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
treatment of palmoplantar psoriasis with infliximab: a randomized, double-blind placebo-controlled study.
vascular inflammation in psoriasis-ustekinumab (vip-u).
evaluating the benefits of using secukinumab rather than standard treatments as the first systemic treatment in moderate to severe psoriasis.
a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of acitretin for the treatment of psoriasis.
adalimumab treatment for moderate to severe psoriasis substantially improves pasi scores as analyzed by body region and individual pasi component: sub-analysis from the champion study.
improvement in scalp and nails with apremilast in patients with moderate plaque psoriasis naive to systemic and biologic therapy: 52-week results of the unveil study.
sustained improvement in patient-reported outcomes with continued apremilast treatment over 104 weeks in patients with moderate-tosevere psoriasis.
a clinical trial in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis comparing the efficacy and safety of taking a drug called ixekizumab either every 4 weeks or every 2 weeks.
clinically meaningful improvement in skin and nail psoriasis in bio-naïve active psoriatic arthritis patients treatedwith intravenous golimumab: results through week 24 ofthe go-vibrant study.
efficacy and safety of apremilast in systemic- and biologic-naive patients with moderate plaque psoriasis (52-week results of the unveil study).
risk of active hepatitis b and c infections in the phases 2 and 3 clinical trial programmes for ustekinumab.
development of anti-drug antibodies among those treated with adalimumab and abp 501 and its impact on serum drug concentration in randomised controlled studies.
long-term clinical outcomes after 2 years of ixekizumab treatment in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis with a focus on absolute pasi.
matching-adjusted indirect comparisons of ixekizumab and secukinumab using etanercept and ustekinumab bridge comparators.
safety of ixekizumab in adult patients with plaque psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis and axial spondyloarthritis: data from 21 clinical trials.
comparison of ixekizumab with adalimumab in patients with psoriatic arthritis.
fumaric acid therapy in psoriasis.
dose ranging study to compare the efficacy and safety of methotrexate in plaque type psoriasis.
a comparison of the efficacy and relapse rates of narrowband uvb (tl-01) monotherapy vs. etretinate (re-tl-01) vs. etretinate-puva (re-puva) in the treatment of psoriasis patients.
efficacy and safety of acitretin plus pioglitazone in patients with psoriasis.
neuropsychiatric adverse events in brodalumab psoriasis studies.
clinically meaningful improvement in skin and nail psoriasis in bio-naã¯ve active psoriatic arthritis patients treated with intravenous golimumab: results through week 52 from a phase-3 study.
secukinumab provides sustained improvements in the signs and symptoms in psoriatic arthritis: final 5 year efficacy and safety results from a phase 3 trial.
a study of the safety and efficacy of ustekinumab in adolescent patients with psoriasis (cadmus).
impact on quality of life and satisfaction with apremilast in patients with moderate plaque psoriasis: 52-week results of the unveil study.
a randomized, multicenter, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase 2 trial of isa247 in patients with chronic plaque psoriasis.
a randomized, placebo-controlled study evaluating the safety and efficacy of secukinumab in us biologic-naive patients with active psoriatic arthritis and psoriatic skin lesions.
alefacept - revolutionizing psoriasis therapy.
randomised control trial comparing efficacy of azathioprine versus methotrexate in psoriasis.
efficacy of ixekizumab versus adalimumab inpsoriatic arthritis (psa) patients with and withoutmoderate-to-severe psoriasis: 52-week results froma multicentre, randomised open-label study.
improvement in the quality of life of patients with severe plaque psoriasis treated with systemic methotrexate: a prospective, randomized, open-label, parallel group study in 60 patients.
ustekinumab improves health-related quality of life in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis: results from the phoenix 1 trial.
ixekizumab results in persistent quality of life improvements in patients with moderate-to-severe genital psoriasis over one year of treatment in a randomized, placebo controlled clinical trial.
ixekizumab treatment results in more rapid and sustained resolution of patients' itch, skin pain and improvement in quality of life in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis compared to ustekinuma.
safety and efficacy profile of oral cyclosporine versus oral methotrexate versus oral acitretin in palmoplantar psoriasis-a prospective investigator blind randomized controlled comparative trial.
a randomized, double-blind, multicenter study to demonstrate equivalent efficacy and to compare safety and immunogenicity of a biosimilar ustekinumab (avt04) and stelara® in patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque-type psoriasis.
a randomized, double-blind, multicenter study to compare the efficacy, safety, and immunogenicity of a proposed adalimumab biosimilar (gp2017) with originator adalimumab in patients with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque-type psoriasis.
a pooled safety analysis from the ustekinumab crohn's disease and psoriatic diseases phase 2 and 3 clinical trial programs.
a study to compare the efficacy of a new developed product, fp187, to a marketed product, to each other but also to placebo, in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. the patients will be assigned to one of the three treatment arms by chance,and neither the investigator nor the patient will know the assigned group.
safety and efficacy of multiple ascending doses of subcutaneous m1095, an anti-interleukin-17a/f bispecific nanobody, in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis.
treatment of severe psoriasis with etretin (ro 10-1670).
adalimumab treatment for moderate to severe psoriasis substantially improves psoriasis area and severity index (pasi) scores as analysed by body region and individual pasi component: subanalysis from the champion study.
side-effect profile of acitretin therapy in psoriasis.
placebo response in two long-term randomized psoriasis studies that were negative for rosiglitazone.
continuing versus withdrawing ixekizumab in patients with psoriatic arthritis who achieved sustained minimal disease activity: results from the spirit-p3 study.
clinically meaningful improvement in skin and nail psoriasis in bionaïve active psoriatic arthritis patients treated with intravenous golimumab: results through week 52 from a phase-3 study.
optimising adalimumab treatment in psoriasis with concomitant methotrexate.
a propensity-score weighting approach to compare severe adverse event rates between registry and trial populations of patients with psoriasis.
infliximab monotherapy in japanese patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis. a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled multicenter trial.
efficacy and safety of total glucosides of paeony combined with acitretin in the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: a double-blind, randomised, placebo-controlled trial.
how well do psoriasis patients take methotrexate and can we improve it.
patient-reported outcomes from a randomised, open-label, parallel-group study evaluating ixekizumab versus adalimumab in patients with psa who are biologic dmard naïve: 24-week results.
a study to evaluate clear skin effect in patients with plaque psoriasis.
relapse rate after 12 weeks of continued treatment with ixekizumab and assessing the long-term response rate when switched to ixekizumab following relapse.
glycyrrhizin combined with acitretin improve clinical symptom of psoriasis via reducing th17 cell differentiation and related serum cytokine concentrations.
duration of response-application of adjusted kaplan meier curves comparing ixekizumab and ustekinumab.
analysis of treatment modalities and risk of adverse events associated with biologic therapy: a 10-year observational review of the australasian psoriasis registry.
extension study up to three years for secukinumab in psoriatic arthritis.
poor early response to methotrexate portends inadequate long-term outcomes in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis: evidence from 2 phase 3 clinical trials.
safety and efficacy of a fixed-dose cyclosporin microemulsion (100 mg) for the treatment of psoriasis.
cardiovascular risk factors in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis: integrated prevalence and safety data from 5 randomized controlled trials of adalimumab.
a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multiple-dose study to evaluate the safety, tolerability, and efficacy of amg 827 in subjects with psoriasis.
acitretin versus etretinate in severe psoriasis. a double-blind randomized nordic multicenter study in 168 patients.
efficacy of secukinumab compared to ustekinumab in patients with plaque-type psoriasis.
our choice: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial for optimal implementation of psoriasis treatment by the integration of chinese and western medicine.
development of anti-drug antibodies among those treated with adalimumab and abp 501 and its impact on serum drug concentration in randomised.
sb17 versus to stelara® in subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
study of efficacy and safety of secukinumab 2 ml auto-injector (300 mg) in subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
absolute and relative pasi over 1 year of treatment with ixekizumab (ixe): descriptive analysis in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
efficacy and safety of cyclosporine versus methotrexate in severe psoriasis: a study from north india.
apremilast, an oral phosphodiesterase 4 inhibitor, in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis: 16-week results of a phase iii, randomized, controlled trial (esteem 1).
the purpose of this research study is to compare the efficacy and safety of sct630 and adalimumab (humira®) in adults with plaque psoriasis.
efficacy of ixekizumab versus adalimumab in psoriatic arthritis patients with/without moderate-to-severe psoriasis: 52-week results from a multicentre, randomised open-label study.
secukinumab is efficacious and safe in hispanic patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: pooled analysis of four phase 3 trials.
secukinumab provides better relief from the impact of psoriasis on daily activities and personal relationships than etanercept: results of two phase 3 placebo-controlled randomized clinical trials in moderate-to-severe psoriasis.
a study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of apremilast, etanercept and placebo, in subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
acitretin (ro 10-1670) in the treatment of severe psoriasis. a randomized double-blind parallel study comparing acitretin and etretinate.
acitretin plus uvb therapy for psoriasis. comparisons with placebo plus uvb and acitretin alone.
complete clearance and psoriasis area and severity index response for brodalumab and ustekinumab in amagine-2 and -3.
methotrexate versus cyclosporine in moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
secukinumab demonstrates sustained high efficacy and a tolerable safety profile in moderate-to-severe psoriasis patients through 4 years of treatment.
weekly vs. daily administration of oral methotrexate (mtx) for generalized plaque psoriasis: a randomized controlled clinical trial.
isa247: quality of life results from a phase ii, randomized, placebo-controlled study.
impact of adalimumab on symptoms of psoriatic arthritis in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis: a pooled analysis of randomized clinical trials.
low-dose (1.25 mg/kg) cyclosporin a: treatment of psoriasis and investigation of the influence on lipid profile.
study of efficacy and safety of secukinumab 1 ml pre-filled syringe (300 mg) in subjects of body weight 90 kg or higher with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
secukinumab improves patient-reported psoriasis symptoms of itching, pain, and scaling: results of two phase 3, randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trials.
cost and cost per responder in spain of adalimumab, methotrexate and apremilast in the treatment of methotrexate-naïve patients with psoriatic arthritis.
baseline demographics and disease characteristics of long-term responders to adalimumab in reveal.
ixekizumab treatment enabled patients with facial psoriasis to have significantly better hrqol outcomes by week 12: results from uncover-3.
subcutaneous methotrexate versus oral form for the treatment and prophylaxis of chronic plaque psoriasis.
treatment with ixekizumab over 60 weeks provides sustained improvements in health-related quality of life: results from uncover-2, a randomized phase 3 trial.
adalimumab monotherapy vs. adalimumab and methotrexate combination therapy in psoriasis: first-year results on drug survival, effectiveness, safety and immunogenicity.
coded unani formulations (unim 401 systemically and unim 403 topically) and puvasol in chronic plaque psoriasis: a non-inferiority randomized controlled trial.
efficacy of apremilast sustained through week 52 in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis who continued on apremilast or switched from etanercept treatment: results from the liberate study.
effect of apremilast on patient-reported outcomes in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis in the esteem 1 trial.
adalimumab for nail psoriasis: efficacy and safety from the first 26 weeks of a phase-3, randomized, placebo-controlled trial.
a study to evaluate the similarity in efficacy and safety of mylan adalimumab (myl-1401a) compared with humira® in subjects with moderate-to-severe chronic skin inflammatory disease.
efficacy and safety of acitretin in three fixed doses of 25, 35 and 50 mg in adult patients with severe plaque type psoriasis: a randomized, double blind, parallel group, dose ranging study.
optimizing psoriasis treatment of etanercept combined methotrexate.
immediate onset of action of brodalumab compared with ustekinumab: results from the phase 3 amagine-2 and-3 studies.
comparing the effect of narrowband ultraviolet b (uvb) therapy to therapy with natural sunlight and an amino acid lecithin cream on dermatologic symptoms.
efficacy and safety of infliximab as continuous or intermittent therapy in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: results of a randomized, long-term extension trial (restore2).
efficacy and safety of methotrexate versus acitretin in chronic plaque psoriasis.
a multicenter double blind, placebo-controlled randomized pilot study evaluating efficacy and safety of etn in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis after cessation of ciclosporin therapy.
cyclosporine as maintenance therapy in patients with severe psoriasis.
effects of etanercept on nail psoriasis and plaque psoriasis.
greater improvement of coronary artery function, left ventricular deformation and twisting by treatment with il-17a antagonist compared to cyclosporine in psoriasis.
sustained long-term efficacy and safety of adalimumab in paediatric patients with severe chronic plaque psoriasis from a randomized, double-blind, phase iii study.
cyclosporine in psoriasis: a multicenter dose-finding study in severe plaque psoriasis. the german multicenter study.
treatment of psoriasis with recombinant human lfa3-antibody fusion protein: a multi-center, randomized, double-blind trial in a chinese population.
a randomized comparison of acitretin-narrow-band tl-01 phototherapy and acitretin-psoralen plus ultraviolet a for psoriasis.
antiangiogenic effect of methotrexate and puva on psoriasis.
adalimumab treatment of psoriatic nail disease in moderate to severe psoriasis including patients with hand and/or foot psoriasis.
efficacy and safety of ustekinumab for the treatment of moderate-to-severe psoriasis: a phase iii, randomized, placebo-controlled trial in taiwanese and korean patients (pearl).
weight loss improves the response of obese patients with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis to low-dose cyclosporine therapy: a randomized, controlled, investigator-blinded clinical trial.
long-term continuous versus intermittent cyclosporin: therapy for psoriasis.
efficacy and safety of mycophenolate mofetil vs. methotrexate for the treatment of chronic plaque psoriasis.
a multicenter randomized double-blind placebo-controlled study comparing the efficacy and safety of mirikizumab to secukinumab and placebo in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis oasis-2(i6t-mc-amaj).
clinical and immunologic assessment of patients with psoriasis in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial using recombinant human interleukin 10.
cyclosporine for plaque-type psoriasis. results of a multidose, double-blind trial.
controlled study of humira in subjects with chronic plaque psoriasis of the hands and/or feet.
a study of the safety and effectiveness of ustekinumab in patients with psoriatic arthritis.
overview of adverse cardiovascular events in the brodalumab psoriasis studies.
maintenance regimen of secukinumab in subjects with moderateto-severe plaque psoriasis: results from the optimise study.
evaluating the safety and effectiveness of secukinumab dose optimization in adult psoriasis patients: a retrospective multicenter case series.
a randomized clinical trial in psoriasis: synchronous balneophototherapy with bathing in dead sea salt solution plus narrowband uvb vs. narrowband uvb alone (tomesa-study group).
acitretin in combination with puva: a randomized double-blind placebo- controlled study in severe psoriasis.
efficacy of sirolimus (rapamycin) administered concomitantly with a subtherapeutic dose of cyclosporin in the treatment of severe psoriasis: a randomized controlled trial.
etanercept with tacrolimus for psoriasis.
depression and anxiety in patients with moderateto-severe plaque psoriasis while on methotrexate plus adalimumab vs. methotrexate monotherapy.
large-scale analyses of disease biomarkers and apremilast pharmacodynamic effects.
comparative trial of sandimmune and etretinate for plaque-type psoriasis.
efficacy of low-dose acitretin in the treatment of psoriasis.
efficacy of ixekizumab compared to etanercept and placebo in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis and non-pustular palmoplantar involvement: results from three phase 3 trials (uncover-1, uncover-2 and uncover-3).
evaluation of chs-0214 as a proposed biosimilar to etanercept for the treatment of chronic plaque psoriasis: one-year results from a randomized, double-blind global trial.
primary efficacy and safety of adalimumab in nail psoriasis from the first 26weeks of a phase-3, randomized, placebo-controlled trial with subanalysis in patients with and without psoriatic arthritis.
efficacy of ixekizumab vs. adalimumab in patients with psoriatic arthritis with moderate-to-severe psoriasis: 52-week results from a multicentre, randomized, open-label study.
efficacy and safety of intravenous and subcutaneous secukinumab in moderate to severe chronic plaque-type psoriasis.
phase iii, randomized trial comparing clinical outcomes between patients with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis receiving adalimumab reference product (rp) continuously versus those who switched between bi 695501 and adalimumab rp.
high efficacy, safety, and tolerability of secukinumab injection with 2 ml auto-injector (300 mg) in adult patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: 52-week results from mature, a randomised, placebo-controlled trial.
5-methoxypsoralen (bergapten) for photochemotherapy. bioavailability, phototoxicity, and clinical efficacy in psoriasis of a new drug preparation.
minimal clinically important difference (mcid) for work productivity and activity impairment (wpai) questionnaire in psoriasis patients.
efficacy and safety of ixekizumab treatment in japanese patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: subgroup analysis of a placebo-controlled, phase 3 study (uncover-1).
comparison of ixekizumab with ustekinumab in moderate-to-severe psoriasis: 24-week results from ixora-s, a phase iii study.
the efficacy of methotrexate plus pioglitazone vs. methotrexate alone in the management of patients with plaque-type psoriasis: a single-blinded randomized controlled trial.
improvement in psoriasis signs and symptoms assessed by the psoriasis symptom inventory with brodalumab treatment in patients with psoriatic arthritis.
efficacy and tolerability of biologic and nonbiologic systemic treatments for moderate-to-severe psoriasis: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
switching treatments of etanercept biosimilar gp2015 with originator product does not impact efficacy, safety and immunogenicity in patients with chronic plaque-type psoriasis.
efficacy and safety of ixekizumab for the treatment of plaque psoriasis: results through 108 weeks randomised, phase iii clinical trial (uncover-3).
pasi £ 2 corresponds to pasi 90, irrespective of baseline severity: a post-hoc analysis of the prime-study.
a metaanalysis exploring the relationship between pasi 75, pasi 100, and dlqi.
lb734 genome-wide association study of ustekinumab response in psoriasis.
the trial is designed to determine the safety and efficacy of abp 501 compared with adalimumab in subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
evaluation of the physician global assessment and body surface area composite tool for assessing psoriasis response to apremilast therapy: results from esteem 1 and esteem 2.
duration of remission during maintenance cyclosporine therapy for psoriasis. relationship to maintenance dose and degree of improvement during initial therapy.
the effects of oral liarozole on epidermal proliferation and differentiation in severe plaque psoriasis are comparable with those of acitretin.
complete clearance and cumulative benefit by psoriasis area and severity index (pasi) for brodalumab and ustekinumab in amagine-2 and-3.
absolute and relative pasi improvements with ixekizumab treatment: results at week 12 from ixora-p.
long-term safety and efficacy of adalimumab from the phase 3 randomized, placebo-controlled trial in patients with nail and skin psoriasis.
sustained responses of treatment by brodalumab compared to ustekinumab.
maintenance treatment of psoriasis by tigason: a double-blind randomized clinical trial.
psoriasis symptom inventory (psi) to assess the severity of plaque psoriasis symptoms and differences in patient-reported outcomes between brodalumab and ustekinumab.
quality of life and treatment satisfaction with conventional systemic therapy in patients with psoriasis vulgaris - an observational study.
combined treatment of psoriasis with acitretin and uvb phototherapy compared with acitretin alone and uvb alone.
an efficacy and safety study of cnto 1275 compared to etanercept in patients with plaque psoriasis.
an analysis of patient-reported outcomes in ixora-s: comparing ixekizumab and ustekinumab over 52 weeks in moderate-to-severe psoriasis.
studying the effect of methotrexate alone versus methotrexate and vitamin d on the cardiovascular risk of psoriatic patients.
a cost-effectiveness analysis of biological therapies for moderate to severe psoriasis.
pruritus and quality of life in moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: post hoc explorative analysis from the pristine study.
secukinumab treatment of plaque psoriasis shows early improvement in dlqi response - results of a phase ii regimen-finding trial.
ixekizumab (ixe) vs. adalimumab (ada) for the treatment of psa: 52-week efficacy and safety outcomes.
secukinumab provides sustained improvement in nail psoriasis and inhibition of radiographic progression in psa patients with nail phenotype: 52-week results from a phase 3 study.
trial on the effect of adalimumab on vascular inflammation in patients with psoriasis.
association of disease severity with il-1 levels in methotrexate-treated psoriasis patients.
randomized open-label study comparing 2 different strategies for management of subjects with plaque psoriasis who have responded to etanercept treatment.
27476 increased benefit of secukinumab vs ustekinumab in patients with psoriasis regardless of previous systemic psoriasis therapy: pooled analysis of the phase 3 clear and clarity trials.
short-term transcriptional response to il-17 receptor-a antagonism in the treatment of psoriasis.
26032 sustained and rapid improvements in patient reported outcomes for moderate-to-severe psoriasis patients with moderate and high bsa treated with ixekizumab: side-by-side results from uncover-3 and ixora-s.
25754 presence of psoriatic arthritis has no impact on the clinical efficacy and safety of secukinumab in patients with psoriasis: pooled analysis of the phase 3 clear and clarity trials.
25529 secukinumab demonstrates a consistent safety profile in patients with psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis and ankylosing spondylitis over long term: updated pooled safety analyses.
27141 patient-reported psoriasis symptoms stratified by sex and level of skin clearance in clinical trials of brodalumab.
safety and efficacy of adalimumab to methotrexate and placebo in subjects with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
secukinumab sustains good efficacy and favourable safety in moderate-to-severe psoriasis after up to 3 years of treatment: results from a double-blind extension study.
efficacy and safety of ustekinumab in japanese patients with moderate-to-severe plaque-type psoriasis: long-term results from a phase 2/3 clinical trial.
27208 achievement of body surface area treatment targets in clinical trials of brodalumab.
relationship between methotrexate dosing and clinical response in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis: subanalysis of the champion study.
a head-to-head comparison of ixekizumab and adalimumab in biologic-naïve patients with active psoriatic arthritis: 52-week efficacy and safety outcomes from a randomized, open-label, blinded assessor study.
adalimumab treatment is associated with improvement in health-related quality of life in psoriasis: patient-reported outcomes from a phase ii randomized controlled trial.
a randomized, double-blind, multicenter study to show similar efficacy and compare safety and immunogenicity of a biosimilar adalimumab (gp2017) and humira® in patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque-type psioriasis.
ustekinumab decreases work limitations, improves work productivity, and reduces work days missed in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis: results from phoenix 2.
a study of khk4827 (brodalumab) in subjects with moderate to severe psoriasis in korea.
efficacy and safety of secukinumab in the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
study of t helper (17) and t regulatory cells in psoriatic patients receiving live attenuated varicella vaccine therapy in a randomized controlled trial.
adalimumab response is consistent across subgroups of patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis of the hands and/or feet: subanalysis of the “reach” study.
adding methotrexate to etanercept versus etanercept monotherapy in adults with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: efficacy and safety.
treatment of psoriasis with cyclosporin. experience at johannesburg hospital.
combined acitretin-uv-treatment for severe psoriasis.
etretinate (tigason®) and betamethasone valerate (celeston valerate®) in the treatment of psoriasis. a double-blind, randomized, multicenter trial.
treatment outcomes with ixekizumab in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis who have or have not received prior biological therapies: an integrated analysis of two phase iii randomized studies.
effect of ixekizumab treatment on work productivity for patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: analysis of results from 3 randomized phase 3 clinical trials.
clinical and patient-reported improvements of hand and/or foot psoriasis with adalimumab: subanalysis of reach.
effect of weight and body mass index on the onset of adalimumab efficacy: subanalysis of reveal.
efficacy and safety results of secukinumab, a fully human monoclonal anti-interleukin-17a antibody, in the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: a phase ii regimen-finding trial.
comparison of benefit-risk profiles with adalimumab versus etanercept treatment for moderate to severe psoriasis, stratified by weight.
indirect comparison suggests that adalimumab is associated with significantly more days of adverse eventefree response versus etanercept.
secukinumab efficacy and safety outcomes from a phase ii subcutaneous dose-ranging study in the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
secukinumab in subjects with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: results from the efficacy of response and safety of 2 fixed secukinumab regimens in psoriasis (erasure) novartis pharmaceuticals.
a comparative study between abp 501 and humira® in participants with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
efficacy, safety, and immunogenicity of subcutaneous dmb-3115 versus stelara® in patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
a study of secukinumab treatment in patients with plaque psoriasis and coexisting non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (nafld).
dose reduction of il17 and il23 inhibitors in psoriasis.
a study to evaluate the benefit and safety of gsk2982772 in moderate to severe psoriasis participants.
a study to investigate interchangeability of abp 654 for the treatment of participants with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
a trial comparing the efficacy of subcutaneous injections of brodalumab to oral administrations of fumaric acid esters in adults with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
impact of ustekinumab on health-related quality of life in japanese patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: results from a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase 2 / 3 trial.
ixekizumab for treatment of adults with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis.
pharmacokinetic profile of methotrexate in psoriatic skin via the oral or subcutaneous route using dermal microdialysis showing higher methotrexate bioavailability in psoriasis plaques than in non-lesional skin.
five-year interim results from the esprit 10-year postmarketing surveillance registry of adalimumab for moderate to severe psoriasis.
tofacitinib or etanercept versus placebo on patient-reported outcomes: results from a phase 3 study in moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
skin and nail responses after 1 year of infliximab therapy in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis: a retrospective analysis of the express trial.
psychometric evaluation of the psoriasis symptom diary using phase 3 trial data.
evaluation of spga × bsa as an outcome measure and treatment target for clinical practice.
a standardization approach to compare treatment safety and effectiveness outcomes between clinical trials and real-world populations in psoriasis.
a study to assess the efficacy and safety of ppc-06 (tepilamide fumarate).
a study to investigate abp 654 for the treatment of participants with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
a study to assess if mirikizumab is effective and safe compared to secukinumab and placebo in moderate to severe plaque psoriasis (oasis-2).
assessing the overall benefit of a medication: cumulative benefit of secukinumab over time in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
apremilast, an oral phosphodiesterase 4 inhibitor, is associated with long-term (52-week) improvement in physical function in patients with psoriatic arthritis: results from three phase 3, randomized, controlled trials.
safety of ustekinumab from the placebo-controlled periods of psoriatic arthritis and psoriasis clinical developmental programs.
effects of maxacalcitol ointment on skin lesions in patients with psoriasis receiving treatment with adalimumab.
psoriasis patients with psoriasis area and severity index (pasi) 90 response achieve greater health-related quality-of-life improvements than those with pasi 75-89 response: results from two phase 3 studies of secukinumab.
relative efficacy and safety of apremilast, secukinumab, and ustekinumab for the treatment of psoriatic arthritis.
efficacy and safety of subcutaneous secukinumab in adults with moderate to severe scalp psoriasis.
efficacy and safety results of briakinumab vs. etanercept and placebo in patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
cya versus mmf for treatment of moderate-severe psoriasis.
comparative assessment of pasi and variations of pgaxbsa as measures of psoriasis severity in a clinical trial of moderate to severe psoriasis.
body region involvement and quality of life in psoriasis: analysis of a randomized controlled trial of adalimumab.
a phase 4 study of brodalumab (khk4827) in subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
apremilast: pooled safety analysis of three phase 3, randomized, controlled trials in patients with psoriatic arthritis.
safety and efficacy of uc-mscs in patients with plaque psoriasis.
study to explore the effect of secukinumab, compared to placebo, on fat tissue and skin in plaque psoriasis patients.
eq-5d health utilities: exploring ways to improve upon responsiveness in psoriasis.
comparative efficacy of methotrexate versus apremilast for methotrexatenaive psoriasis patients: an indirect comparison.
efficacy of apremilast, an oral phosphodiesterase 4 inhibitor, by body region and pasi components in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis (esteem 1).
efficacy of adalimumab compared with methotrexate or placebo stratified by baseline bmi in a randomized, placebo-controlled trial.
efficacy and safety of adalimumab in chinese patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: results from a phase 3, randomized, placebocontrolled, double-blind study.
efficacy, safety, and withdrawal and retreatment with brodalumab in moderate to severe plaque psoriasis subjects.
efficacy and safety of brodalumab compared with placebo and ustekinumab in moderate to severe plaque psoriasis subjects.
safety and tolerability of secukinumab over long-term exposure in patients with active psoriatic arthritis (psa) and moderate to severe plaque psoriasis (pso): updated pooled safety analyses.
a single-blind study comparing acitretin and narrow-band uvb with the combination of placebo and narrow-band uvb in the treatment of plaque-type psoriasis.
quality of life improvement with etanercept in patients with moderate/severe psoriasis from central and eastern europe, latin america and asia.
secukinumab demonstrates high sustained efficacy and a favourable safety profile through 5 years of treatment in moderate to severe psoriasis.
long-term psoriasis control following secukinumab discontinuation indicates disease modification of moderate to severe psoriasis: clinical and mechanistic results.
52-week results of palace 3, a phase 3 trial of apremilast.
long-term safety/tolerability of apremilast: pooled analysis.
amagine-1: a phase 3, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study of brodalumab in subjects with psoriasis.
pathological immune pathways in psoriasis are rapidly attenuated by tofacitinib treatment.
health-related quality of life worsens disproportionately to objective signs of psoriasis after withdrawal of adalimumab therapy.
apremilast, an oral phosphodiesterase 4 inhibitor, in patients with nail, scalp, and palmoplantar psoriasis: 52-week results from the esteem 2 study.
a practical model for early identification of response with methotrexate for moderate to severe psoriasis.
amagine-3: a phase 3 study of efficacy and safety of brodalumab compared with placebo and ustekinumab in moderate to severe plaque psoriasis subjects.
comparison of secukinumab 300 mg combined with a lifestyle intervention to secukinumab alone for the treatment of moderate to severe psoriasis patients with concomitant metabolic syndrome.
a multicenter, randomized, double-blind, active and placebo-controlled 24-week study followed by long term evaluation of efficacy and safety of ixekizumab (ly2439821) in biologic disease-modifying antirheumatic drug-naive patients with active psoriatic arthritis.
efficacy and safety of intravenous and subcutaneous secukinumab in moderate to severe chronic plaque-type psoriasis (stature).
cardiovascular disease risk profile in psoriasis patients with and without treatment response in the pristine study pfizer australia.
a ≥90% pasi response is associated with improved patient reported outcomes: phase 2 study results for ixekizumab-treated psoriasis patients.
precision medicine in psoriasis: machine learning and proteomics join forces to develop a blood-based test to predict response to tofacitinib or etanercept in psoriasis patients.
cyclosporin a in combination with photochemotherapy (puva) in the treatment of psoriasis.
a study to evaluate the effects of single and multiple oral doses of glpg3970.
ixekizumab treatment shows a neutral impact on the glucose and lipid profile of patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis: results from uncover-1,-2, and-3.
oral tofacitinib efficacy, safety and tolerability in japanese patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis: a randomized, double-blind, phase 3 study.
eq-5d-3l utilities tariffs: differences in german and uk utilities and qalys in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis.
comparable efficacy and safety of brodalumab in obese and nonobese patients with psoriasis: analysis of two randomized controlled trials.
impact of persistent minimal disease activity on long-term outcomes in psoriatic arthritis: results from 5 years of the long term extension of a randomized, placebo-controlled, study.
safety and efficacy of adding topical clobetasol propionate to etanercept in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
p3 study brodalumab in treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
low rates of major adverse cardiac events, malignancies, and serious infections in subjects with psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis treated with apremilast for ≥156 weeks: pooled analysis from the esteem and palace 1-3 phase 3 trials.
improvement of psoriasis in subjects with and without psoriatic arthritis: subanalysis of a brodalumab (amg 827) phase 2 study for moderate to severe plaque psoriasis (pso).
relationship of patient reported outcome measures to changes in clinical status in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis.
a study of ixekizumab (ly2439821) in chinese participants with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
short- and long-term safety outcomes with ixekizumab from 7 clinical trials in psoriasis: etanercept comparisons and integrated data.
the importance of managing arthritis in patients with both moderate-to-severe psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis.
efficacy and safety of brodalumab in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: results of amagine-1, a phase 3, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
secukinumab study in psoriasis exploring pruritus intensity and lesional biomarkers.
golimumab 5-year safety: an analysis of pooled data from the long term extensions of randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled studies in rheumatoid arthritis, psoriatic arthritis, and ankylosing spondylitis.
differential effects of secukinumab vs. ustekinumab for treatment of moderate to severe psoriasis on work productivity and activity impairment: a structural equation modelling approach using the clear 52-week study.
a study of ixekizumab (ly2439821) in participants with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis naive to systemic treatment.
the effect of addition of calcipotriol ointment (50 micrograms/g) to acitretin therapy in psoriasis.
secukinumab for the treatment of psoriatic arthritis: comparative effectiveness results versus adalimumab up to 48 weeks using a matching-adjusted indirect comparison.
secukinumab is efficacious in the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis regardless of sex of subjects: pooled analysis from four phase 3 studies.
severity of baseline skin disease does not correlate with clinical, patient-reported or radiographic responses in patients with psoriatic arthritis treated with adalimumab.
early and sustained remission associated with normalized physical function, healthrelated quality of life and significantly improved productivity in patients with active psoriatic arthritis treated with golimumab: 2-year data from phase iii go-reveal trial.
predicting joint and skin remission at 24 weeks in patients with psoriatic arthritis.
evaluation of carcinogenic risk of puva versus re-puva in psoriatic patients.
ustekinumab improves overall skin response and healthrelated quality of life in a subset of moderate to severe psoriasis patients with psoriatic arthritis: analysis of phoenix 1 and 2.
sustained improvement in skin disease-specific quality of life in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis receiving ustekinumab maintenance therapy: long term results from phoenix 1.
serum il-17a at baseline correlates with clinical response to tofacitinib and etanercept in moderate to severe psoriasis.
secukinumab's long-term safety remains favorable up to 5 years of treatment.
adalimumab in combination with topical treatment (calcipotriol/betamethasone) in subjects with moderate to severe psoriasis and insufficient response to classic systemic treatment.
long-term real-life safety profile and effectiveness of fumaric acid esters in psoriasis patients: a single-centre, retrospective, observational study.
relationship between body regions and pasi clinical components for health-related quality of life: subanalysis of reveal.
long-term psoriasis control following secukinumab discontinuation indicates disease modification of moderate to severe psoriasis.
long-term safety of nine systemic medications for psoriasis: a cohort study using the spanish registry of adverse events for biological therapy in dermatological diseases (biobadaderm) registry.
assessment of some oxidative stress parameters in methotrexate treated psoriasis patients.
a study to evaluate the effects and safety of treatment, treatment withdrawal, followed by re-treatment with cp-690,550 in subjects with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
a phase 3, multi site, randomized, double blind, placebo controlled study of the efficacy and safety comparing cp- 690,550 and etanercept in subjects with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
secukinumab significantly reduces psoriasis-related work impairment and indirect costs compared with ustekinumab and etanercept in the united kingdom.
assessing the efficacy and safety of metformin in treatment of moderate psoriasis.
efficacy and safety of 2 secukinumab regimens in 90kg or more weight group with moderate/severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
intermittent short courses of cyclosporin (neoral(r)) for psoriasis unresponsive to topical therapy: a 1-year multicentre, randomized study. the pisces study group.
favourable effect of fumaric acid treatment in psoriatic arthritis: a double-blind placebo-controlled study.
long-term improvement in patient-reported outcomes after transition from methotrexate to ustekinumab in moderate to severe psoriasis: transit week 52 results.
low rates of major adverse cardiac events, malignancies, and serious infections in patients with psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis treated with apremilast for ≥156 weeks: pooled analysis from the esteem and palace 1-3 phase 3 trials.
secukinumab improves psoriasis symptoms in patients with inadequate response to cyclosporine a: a prospective study to evaluate direct switch.
validation of the itch severity item as a measurement tool for pruritus in patients with psoriasis: results from a phase 3 tofacitinib program.
apremilast 30mg bid with narrowband uvb in the treatment of plaque psoriasis.
ixekizumab sustains high level of efficacy and favourable safety profile over 4 years in patients with moderate psoriasis: results from uncover-3 study.
study to evaluate the safety and efficacy of secukinumab 300 mg and 150 mg in adult patients with active psoriatic arthritis (psa) after 16 weeks of treatment compared to placebo.
a study of subjects with psoriatic arthritis to investigate the effectiveness of adalimumab introduction compared with methotrexate dose escalation (control).
a study comparing different dosing regimens of ixekizumab (ly2439821) in participants with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
dose tapering study of adalimumab in psoriasis.
long-term efficacy and safety of ustekinumab in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis through 5 years of follow-up: results from the phoenix 1 long-term extension.
study of secukinumab with 2 ml pre-filled syringes.
efficacy and safety of oral cyclosporin a (cya.
abatacept improves synovitis as assessed by magnetic resonance imaging (mri) in psoriatic arthritis-preliminary analysis from a single centre, placebo-controlled, crossover study.
secukinumab treatment sustains patient-reported outcome benefits through 1 year.
secukinumab treatment provides fast relief from patient-reported psoriasis burden.
secukinumab shows efficacy in subjects with and without previous exposure to biologic psoriasis therapy: subanalysis from the phase 3 fixture study.
psoriasis patients with pasi90 response achieve greater health-related quality of life improvements than those with pasi75 response.
secukinumab shows efficacy regardless of baseline disease severity in subjects with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: a pooled analysis from four phase 3 studies.
efficacy and safety of secukinumab (a fully human anti-interleukin-17a antibody) in a phase ii regimen-finding study for the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
safety and efficacy of adding topical therapy to etanercept in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
secukinumab for treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: results of a phase ii dose-ranging study.
psoriasis patients required to discontinue adalimumab therapy have worsening in their quality of life out of proportion to worsening in the objective signs of disease: subanalysis of reveal.
serendipity opens new avenues: a pilot study to evaluate the efficacy of saxagliptin in combination with cyclosporine and acitretin in diabetic psoriasis patients.
study of secukinumab compared to ustekinumab in subjects with plaque psoriasis.
efficacy of oxymatrine for treatment and relapse suppression of severe plaque psoriasis: results from a single-blinded randomized controlled clinical trial.
weekly azathioprine pulse vs. methotrexate for the treatment of chronic plaque psoriasis.
a study in participants with moderate to severe psoriasis (uncover-3).
a phase 3 study in participants with moderate to severe psoriasis (uncover-2).
addition of an oral histamine antagonist to reduce adverse events associated with fumaric acid esters in psoriasis treatment: a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trial.
msb11022 in moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
a multi-center, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of total glucosides of paeony combined with acitretin capsules for psoriasis vulgaris.
a study evaluating the efficacy and safety of cp-690,550 in asian subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
secukinumab is effective in subjects with nail psoriasis: 16 week results from the transfigure study.
secukinumab is effective in subjects with moderate to severe palmoplantar psoriasis: 16 week results from the gesture study.
secukinumab maintains high levels of efficacy through 3 years of treatment: results from an extension to a phase 3 study (sculpture).
ixekizumab for the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: sub-analysis of the phase 3 uncover trials in patients with baseline pasi > 15.
52-week efficacy in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis continued on apremilast or switched from etanercept: the liberate study.
secukinumab delivers greater improvement in health-related quality of life compared to ustekinumab in subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: 16 week data from the clear study.
study to evaluate the effect of secukinumab compared to placebo on aortic vascular inflammation in subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
benefiterisk outcomes with adalimumab versus methotrexate for moderate to severe psoriasis during the first year of treatment.
static physicians global assessment (spga) of 0 or 1 is associated with improved patient reported outcomes in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis in a phase 2 trial of ixekizumab.
improvement of psoriasis in subjects with and without psoriatic arthritis: subanalysis of a brodalumab (amg 827) phase 2 study for moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
impact of baseline characteristics on the efficacy of ixekizumab in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis in a phase 2 study.
fumaric acid treatment of psoriasis.
combination therapy of methotrexate plus nbuvb phototherapy is more effective than methotrexate monotherapy in the treatment of chronic plaque psoriasis.
an integrated safety data analysis across all phase ii and phase iii clinical programs for ustekinumab in psoriatic arthritis, crohn's disease, and psoriasis.
a study in participants with moderate to severe psoriasis.
long-term safety and tolerability of apremilast, an oral phosphodiesterase 4 inhibitor, in patients with psoriatic arthritis: pooled safety analysis of three phase 3, randomized, controlled trials.
long term efficacy and safety of ustekinumab in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis through 5 years of follow-up: results from the phoenix 1 long-term extension.
a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study of ustekinumab in chinese patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: lotus trial results.
ustekinumab improves health-related quality of life in chinese patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
a study of ixekizumab (ly2439821) in participants with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
the effect of bodyweight on the efficacy and safety of ixekizumab: results from an integrated database of three randomised, controlled phase 3 studies of patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
phase 3b safety and efficacy study of apremilast to treat moderate to severe plaque-plaque psoriasis.
update on cardiovascular safety of ustekinumab in pooled phase 2 and 3 psoriasis clinical trials with up to 4 years of follow-up.
subjects with psoriatic arthritis have worse quality of life and greater quality-of-life improvement on etanercept therapy than subjects with psoriasis alone: the pristine trial.
a phase 2, double-blind, placebo-controlled study of the efficacy and safety of belumosudil in subjects with moderate/severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
efficacy and safety of continuous versus paused etanercept teatment in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis over 54 weeks: the crystel study.
an observational, prospective study of monthly adalimumab therapy for disease maintenance in psoriasis patients: a possible new therapeutic option for good responders to the initial induction treatment.
efficacy, safety of adalimumab versus methotrexate in pediatric patients with severe chronic plaque psoriasis: results from the treatment withdrawal and double-blind retreatment periods of a phase 3 study.
ixekizumab impact on itch severity compared to etanercept and placebo: results from uncover-2, a phase 3 trial in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
secukinumab 'fixed-interval' versus 'retreatment-as-needed' regimen for moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: results from the study comparing secukinumab use in long-term psoriasis maintenance therapy: fixed regimen versus re-treatment upon start of relapse (sculpture) novartis pharmaceuticals.
randomized double-blind multicenter study comparing acitretin-puva, etretinate-puva and placebo-puva in the treatment of severe psoriasis.
a phase 3 study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of induction and maintenance regimens of brodalumab compared with placebo and ustekinumab in subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: amagine-2.
protocol i1f-mc-rhbs.
a 52-week, phase 3, randomized, active comparator and placebo-controlled, parallel design study to evaluate the efficacy and safety/tolerability of subcutaneous sch 900222 / mk-3222, followed by an optional long term safety extension study, in subjects with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis (protocol no. mk-3222-011).
a prospective study for the effects of treatment with adalimumab in patients with psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis.
a multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study comparing the efficacy and safety of ly2439821 to etanercept and placebo in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
a multi-center, randomized, vehicle-contolled study to assess the efficacy and safety of adalimumab in combination with topical treatment (calcipotriol/betamethasone) in subjects with moderate to severe psoriasis and insufficient response to classic systemic treatment.
a multi-center, randomized, double-blind, three-arm, 16 week, adaptive phase iii clinical study to investigate the efficacy and safety of las41008 vs lasw1835 and vs placebo in patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
an exploratory trial to assess naturalistic safety and efficacy outcomes in patients trasitioned to ustekinumab from previous methotrexate therapy.
reduction of adverse effects by systemic antihistamines in drug therapy with fumarates in severe chronic plaque psoriasis: a doubleblind, randomized, placebo controlled clinical trial.
false positive rate: 0.5660480349344978.

Included target articles are as follow:
quality of life outcomes in adults with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis treated with dimethylfumarate (dmf): a post hoc analysis of the bridge study.
efficacy of ixekizumab vs. adalimumab in patients with psoriatic arthritis with moderate-to-severe psoriasis: 52-week results from a multicentre, randomized, open-label study.
pharmacodynamic analysis of apremilast in japanese patients with moderate to severe psoriasis: results from a phase 2b randomized trial.
efficacy of concomitant use of puva and methotrexate in disease clearance time in plaque type psoriasis.
to compare the effect of three drugs- methotrexate, apremilast and their combination in patients suffering from psoriasis vulgaris.
secukinumab improves hand, foot and nail lesions in moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: subanalysis of a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, regimen-finding phase 2 trial.
comparison of clinical and pharmacokinetic profiles of etanercept 25 mg twice weekly and 50 mg once weekly in patients with psoriasis.
isa247: quality of life results from a phase ii, randomized, placebo-controlled study.
secukinumab maintains superiority over ustekinumab in clearing skin and improving quality of life in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: 52-week results from a double-blind phase 3b trial (clarity).
certolizumab pegol for the treatment of patients with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis: an overview of three randomized controlled trials.
infliximab for the treatment of adults with psoriasis.
clinical similarity of biosimilar abp 501 to adalimumab in the treatment of patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: a randomized, double-blind, multicenter, phase iii study.
the efficacy of methotrexate plus pioglitazone vs. methotrexate alone in the management of patients with plaque-type psoriasis: a single-blinded randomized controlled trial.
efficacy of brodalumab in ustekinumab-naive and-experienced patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
tildrakizumab, a selective il-23p19 antibody, in the treatment of chronic plaque psoriasis: results from two randomised, controlled, phase 3 trials.
anti-il-23a mab bi 655066 for treatment of moderate-to-severe psoriasis: safety, efficacy, pharmacokinetics, and biomarker results of a single-rising-dose, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
efficacy and safety of abt-874, a monoclonal anti-interleukin 12/23 antibody, for the treatment of chronic plaque psoriasis: 36-week observation/retreatment and 60-week open-label extension phases of a randomized phase ii trial.
china-manufactured adalimumab biosimilar, hlx03, demonstrated pharmacokinetic equivalence and comparable safety to adalimumab.
cyclosporin a in combination with photochemotherapy (puva) in the treatment of psoriasis.
efficacy and safety of ustekinumab in japanese patients with moderate-to-severe plaque-type psoriasis: long-term results from a phase 2/3 clinical trial.
effect of 2 psoriasis treatments on vascular inflammation and novel inflammatory cardiovascular biomarkers: a randomized placebo-controlled trial.
a research study to evaluate the efficacy of leo 32731 oral tablet formulation in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis vulgaris.
efficacy and safety of ustekinumab, a human interleukin-12/23 monoclonal antibody, in patients with psoriasis: 52-week results from a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial (phoenix 2).
a randomized controlled study of combination therapy with alefacept and narrow band uvb phototherapy (uvb) for moderate to severe psoriasis: efficacy, onset, and duration of response.
improvement in aspects of sleep with etanercept and optional adjunctive topical therapy in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis: results from the pristine trial.
safety and efficacy of methotrexate (0.3 mg/kg/week) versus a combination of methotrexate (0.15 mg/kg/week) with cyclosporine (2.5 mg/kg/day) in chronic plaque psoriasis: a randomised non-blinded controlled trial.
secukinumab efficacy and safety in japanese patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: subanalysis from erasure, a randomized, placebo-controlled, phase 3 study.
comparison of ixekizumab with ustekinumab in moderate-to-severe psoriasis: 24-week results from ixora-s, a phase iii study.
patients with psoriasis respond to continuous open-label etanercept treatment after initial incomplete response in a randomized, placebo-controlled trial.
certolizumab pegol for the treatment of patients with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis: pooled analysis of week 16 data from three randomized controlled trials.
secukinumab treatment of plaque psoriasis shows early improvement in dlqi response - results of a phase ii regimen-finding trial.
safety and efficacy of apremilast through 104 weeks in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis who continued on apremilast or switched from etanercept treatment: findings from the liberate study.
serum levels of il-17 and il-22 are reduced by etanercept, but not by acitretin, in patients with psoriasis: a randomized-controlled trial.
efficacy and safety of brodalumab in the korean population for the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: a randomized, phase iii, double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
combined treatment of psoriasis with acitretin and uvb phototherapy compared with acitretin alone and uvb alone.
influence of psoriatic arthritis on the efficacy of adalimumab and on the treatment response of other markers of psoriasis burden: subanalysis of the believe study.
study of efficacy and safety of secukinumab in subjects with moderate to severe chronic plaque-type psoriasis.
efficacy and safety of apremilast in systemic- and biologic-naive patients with moderate plaque psoriasis (52-week results of the unveil study).
evidence that a neutrophil-keratinocyte crosstalk is an early target of il-17a inhibition in psoriasis.
il17a/f nanobody sonelokimab in patients with plaque psoriasis: a multicentre, randomised, placebo-controlled, phase 2b study.
study to evaluate the pharmacokinetics (pk), pharmacodynamics (pd), and safety of bimekizumab in patients with chronic plaque psoriasis.
guselkumab demonstrates greater efficacy compared to secukinumab across body weight quartiles and body mass index categories: week 48 results from the eclipse trial.
better skin clearance is associated with improved quality of life in moderate-to-severe psoriasis patients treated with tildrakizumab.
15354 response to treatment with secukinumab in obese patients with moderate to severe psoriasis.
pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of low-dose methotrexate in the treatment of psoriasis.
safety and efficacy of abt-874, a fully human interleukin 12/23 monoclonal antibody, in the treatment of moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis: results of a randomized, placebo-controlled, phase 2 trial.
evaluation of chs-0214 as a proposed biosimilar to etanercept for the treatment of chronic plaque psoriasis: one-year results from a randomized, double-blind global trial.
infliximab induction and maintenance therapy for moderate-to-severe psoriasis: a phase iii, multicentre, double-blind trial.
adalimumab for nail psoriasis: efficacy and safety from the first 26 weeks of a phase 3, randomized, placebo-controlled trial.
etanercept improves the health-related quality of life of patients with psoriasis: results of a phase iii randomized clinical trial.
efficacy and safety of brodalumab in subpopulations of patients with difficult-to-treat moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
phase 3, open-label, randomized study of the pharmacokinetics, efficacy and safety of ixekizumab following subcutaneous administration using a prefilled syringe or an autoinjector in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis (uncover-a).
secukinumab 2-weekly vs. 4-weekly dosing in patients with plaque-type psoriasis: results from the randomized gain study.
time course of ixekizumab drug levels and the relationship at week 60 to efficacy in patients with moderate-to- severe plaque psoriasis (uncover-3).
impact of adalimumab treatment on patient-reported outcomes: results from a phase iii clinical trial in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
body-weight-independent dosing of cyclosporine micro-emulsion and three times weekly maintenance regimen in severe psoriasis. a randomised study.
18f-fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography-based evaluation of systemic and vascular inflammation and assessment of the effect of systemic treatment on inflammation in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis: a randomized placebo-controlled pilot study.
26197 efficacy and safety of risankizumab vs methotrexate in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: results from the 28-week randomized, double-blind period of an ongoing phase 3 study in brazil.
comparison of ixekizumab and ustekinumab efficacy in the treatment of nail lesions of patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: 24-week data from a phase 3 trial.
tofacitinib versus etanercept or placebo in moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis: a phase 3 randomised non-inferiority trial.
a prospective randomized controlled trial comparing infliximab and etanercept in patients with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque-type psoriasis: the psoriasis infliximab vs. etanercept comparison evaluation (piece) study.
safety of tildrakizumab for moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: pooled analysis of three randomized controlled trials.
population pharmacokinetic modeling of ustekinumab, a human monoclonal antibody targeting il-12/23p40, in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
efficacy and safety of ustekinumab, a human interleukin-12/23 monoclonal antibody, in patients with psoriasis: 76-week results from a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial (phoenix 1).
first-in-human study demonstrating the safety and clinical efficacy of novel anti-il-17a monoclonal antibody cjm112 in moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
safety and efficacy of alefacept, efalizumab, etanercept and infliximab in treating moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
secukinumab is superior to fumaric acid esters in treating patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis who are naive to systemic treatments: results from the randomized controlled prime trial.
safety and efficacy of adding topical therapy to etanercept in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
a multicenter, randomized, open-label pilot trial assessing the efficacy and safety of etanercept 50 mg twice weekly followed by etanercept 25 mg twice weekly, the combination of etanercept 25 mg twice weekly and acitretin, and acitretin alone in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis.
serendipity opens new avenues: a pilot study to evaluate the efficacy of saxagliptin in combination with cyclosporine and acitretin in diabetic psoriasis patients.
clinical response in psoriasis patients discontinued from and then reinitiated on etanercept therapy.
a randomized, multicenter, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase 2 trial of isa247 in patients with chronic plaque psoriasis.
infliximab induction therapy for patients with severe plaque-type psoriasis: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
efficacy and safety of guselkumab, an anti-interleukin-23 monoclonal antibody, compared with adalimumab for the treatment of patients with moderate to severe psoriasis with randomized withdrawal and retreatment: results from the phase iii, double-blind, placebo- and active comparator-controlled voyage 2 trial.
a randomized study comparing the combination of nbuvb and etanercept to etanercept monotherapy in patients with psoriasis who do not exhibit an excellent response after 12 weeks of etanercept.
infliximab improves health-related quality of life in the presence of comorbidities among patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis.
ustekinumab improves health-related quality of life in korean and taiwanese patients with moderate to severe psoriasis: results from the pearl trial.
fumarates vs. methotrexate in moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis: a multicentre prospective randomized controlled clinical trial.
safety of certolizumab pegol over 48 weeks in chronic plaque psoriasis phase 3 trials.
safety and efficacy of a fixed-dose cyclosporin microemulsion (100 mg) for the treatment of psoriasis.
efficacy of tildrakizumab in moderate to severe psoriasis patients with prior exposure to apremilast.
pattern of response in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis treated with etanercept.
cyclosporine improves psoriasis in a double-blind study.
long-term efficacy of guselkumab treatment after drug withdrawal and retreatment in patients with moderate-severe plaque psoriasis: results from voyage 2.
improvement in itch and other psoriasis symptoms with brodalumab in phase 3 randomized controlled trials.
successful treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis with the pegylated fab' certolizumab pegol: results of a phase ii randomized, placebo-controlled trial with a re-treatment extension.
patient-reported improvements in health-related quality of life by improvements in clinician-rated psoriasis severity: a phase 2 study analysis in patients with psoriasis treated with mirikizumab.
secukinumab sustains early patient-reported outcome benefits through 1 year: results from 2 phase iii randomized placebo-controlled clinical trials comparing secukinumab with etanercept.
oral retinoid for psoriasis. a report of a double blind study.
clinical similarity of the biosimilar abp 501 compared with adalimumab after single transition: long-term results from a randomized controlled, double-blind, 52-week, phase iii trial in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
secukinumab treatment in moderate-to-severe psoriasis patients demonstrates sustained low absolute pasi up to 4 years: results from sculpture extension study.
guselkumab (an il-23-specific mab) demonstrates clinical and molecular response in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis.
impact of adalimumab treatment on health-related quality of life and other patient-reported outcomes: results from a 16-week randomized controlled trial in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
secukinumab is superior to ustekinumab in clearing skin of subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: clear, a randomized controlled trial.
a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase iii study evaluating efficacy and tolerability of 2 courses of alefacept in patients with chronic plaque psoriasis.
efficacy and safety of mycophenolate mofetil vs. methotrexate for the treatment of chronic plaque psoriasis.
tofacitinib attenuates pathologic immune pathways in patients with psoriasis: a randomized phase 2 study.
ustekinumab, a human interleukin-12/23 monoclonal antibody, in patients with psoriasis: a meta-analysis.
tildrakizumab (mk-3222), an anti-interleukin-23p19 monoclonal antibody, improves psoriasis in a phase iib randomized placebo-controlled trial.
sustained and improved efficacy of tildrakizumab from week 28 to week 52 in treating moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
efficacy and safety of risankizumab, an il-23 inihibitor in patients with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis: 16-week phase 3 immhance trial results.
certolizumab pegol for the treatment of chronic plaque psoriasis: results through 48 weeks from 2 phase 3, multicenter, randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled studies (cimpasi-1 and cimpasi-2).
a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study to evaluate the addition of methotrexate to etanercept in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
secukinumab shows significant efficacy in nail psoriasis: week 32 results from the transfigure study.
secukinumab 300mg is more efficacious than ustekinumab 90mg: analysis of the clear study.
ustekinumab significantly improves symptoms of anxiety, depression, and skin-related quality of life in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis: results from a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase iii trial.
a 12 week double-blind, randomised, placebo-controlled, modified dose-escalation trial to investigate safety, efficacy, and pharmacokinetics of birt 2584xx tablets at doses of 100, 300 and 500 mg administered once daily in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis with a 12 week treatment extension for pasi 50 responders.
long-term efficacy and safety of ustekinumab, with and without dosing adjustment, in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis: results from the phoenix 2 study through 5 years of follow-up.
adalimumab treatment is associated with improvement in health-related quality of life in psoriasis: patient-reported outcomes from a phase ii randomized controlled trial.
etanercept as monotherapy in patients with psoriasis.
adalimumab therapy for moderate to severe psoriasis: a randomized, controlled phase iii trial.
secukinumab 300 mg showed faster and higher efficacy in chinese moderate to severe plaque psoriasis patients.
consistency of response across subgroups of patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis following 52 weeks of treatment with ixekizumab compared to ustekinumab.
tildrakizumab efficacy over time by week 28 response levels in two phase 3 clinical trials in patients with chronic plaque psoriasis.
comparing the efficacy and safety of il-17 inhibitors for treatment of moderate-to-severe psoriasis: a randomized double blind pilot study with a review of literature.
analysis of body regions and components of pasi scores during adalimumab or methotrexate treatment for patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis.
fumaric acid therapy in psoriasis: a double-blind comparison between fumaric acid compound therapy and monotherapy with dimethylfumaric acid ester.
efficacy and safety of methotrexate versus acitretin in chronic plaque psoriasis.
influence of baseline demographics and disease characteristics on efficacy of an oral, selective tyk2 inhibitor, bms-986165, in patients with plaque psoriasis in a phase 2 trial.
secukinumab shows significant efficacy in palmoplantar psoriasis: results from gesture, a randomized controlled trial.
efficacy and safety of guselkumab, an anti-interleukin-23 monoclonal antibody, compared with adalimumab for the continuous treatment of patients with moderate to severe psoriasis: results from the phase iii, double-blinded, placebo- and active comparator-controlled voyage 1 trial.
25258 efficacy and safety of ixekizumab in chinese patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: 12-week results from a phase 3 study.
safety of ustekinumab from the placebo-controlled periods of psoriatic arthritis and psoriasis clinical developmental programs.
quality of life and patient benefit following transition from methotrexate to ustekinumab in psoriasis.
anti-interleukin-17 monoclonal antibody ixekizumab in chronic plaque psoriasis.
a single-blind study comparing acitretin and narrow-band uvb with the combination of placebo and narrow-band uvb in the treatment of plaque-type psoriasis.
speed of response of guselkumab compared with adalimumab for the treatment of moderate-to-severe psoriasis: results through week 24 from the phase 3, double-blinded, placebo-and active comparator-controlled voyage 1 and voyage 2 trials.
durable reduction in absolute pasi with certolizumab pegol in patients with chronic plaque psoriasis.
a double-blind comparison of acitretin and etretinate in the treatment of severe psoriasis. results of a nordic multicentre study.
il-17a is essential for cell activation and inflammatory gene circuits in subjects with psoriasis.
infliximab monotherapy in japanese patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis. a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled multicenter trial.
continuous dosing versus interrupted therapy with ixekizumab: an integrated analysis of two phase 3 trials in psoriasis.
cyclosporine for plaque-type psoriasis. results of a multidose, double-blind trial.
treatment with ixekizumab over 60 weeks provides sustained improvements in healthrelated quality of life: results from uncover-1, a randomized phase 3 trial.
impact on quality of life and satisfaction with apremilast in patients with moderate plaque psoriasis: 52-week results of the unveil study.
pharmacodynamic and pharmacokinetic response to anti-tumor necrosis factor-alpha monoclonal antibody (infliximab) treatment of moderate to severe psoriasis vulgaris.
azathioprine weekly pulse versus methotrexate for the treatment of chronic plaque psoriasis: a randomized controlled trial.
consistent responses to guselkumab by disease region at week 48 in the treatment of moderate-to-severe psoriasis: eclipse trial results.
a novel therapeutic approach to psoriasis with combination calcipotriol ointment and very low-dose cyclosporine: results of a multicenter placebo-controlled study.
a global phase iii randomized controlled trial of etanercept in psoriasis: safety, efficacy, and effect of dose reduction.
a phase iiib, multicentre, randomized, double-blind, vehicle-controlled study of the efficacy and safety of adalimumab with and without calcipotriol/betamethasone topical treatment in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis: the believe study.
median time to treatment response in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis treated with brodalumab 210mg or ustekinumab: a pooled analysis of data from two phase 3 randomized clinical trials (amagine-2 and amagine-3).
an open-labelled randomised comparative evaluation of therapeutic efficacy and safety of apremilast versus methotrexate in the treatment of patients with chronic plaque psoriasis.
efficacy and safety of etanercept combined plus methotrexate and comparison of expression of pro-inflammatory factors expression for the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
absolute and relative pasi over 1 year of treatment with ixekizumab (ixe): descriptive analysis in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
long-term safety and efficacy of 50 mg of etanercept twice weekly in patients with psoriasis.
ixekizumab treatment improves itching and health-related quality (hrqol) of life in psoriasis patients in latin america.
the efficacy and safety of etanercept when used with as-needed adjunctive topical therapy in a randomised, double-blind study in subjects with moderate-to-severe psoriasis (the pristine trial).
efficacy and safety of mirikizumab (ly3074828) in the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: results from a phase ii study.
the treatment of moderate to severe psoriasis with a new anti-cd11a monoclonal antibody.
an analysis of patient-reported outcomes in ixora-s: comparing ixekizumab and ustekinumab over 52 weeks in moderate-to-severe psoriasis.
a comparison of the efficacy of oral fumarate and methotrexate therapy in the treatment of severe psoriasis.
benefit of progressively increasing doses during the initial treatment with acitretin in psoriasis.
efficacy and safety of infliximab monotherapy for plaque-type psoriasis: a randomised trial.
improvement in the quality of life of patients with severe plaque psoriasis treated with systemic methotrexate: a prospective, randomized, open-label, parallel group study in 60 patients.
acitretin versus etretinate in psoriasis. clinical and pharmacokinetic results of a german multicenter study.
bimekizumab versus ustekinumab for the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis (be vivid): efficacy and safety from a 52-week, multicentre, double-blind, active comparator and placebo controlled phase 3 trial.
high and durable clearance through 52 weeks of risankizumab treatment in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
phase 3 trials of ixekizumab in moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
efficacy and safety of ixekizumab treatment in japanese patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: subgroup analysis of a placebo-controlled, phase 3 study (uncover-1).
secukinumab demonstrates high sustained efficacy and a favourable safety profile through 5 years of treatment in moderate to severe psoriasis.
rna-seq genomic analysis demonstrated the molecular efficacy of risankizumab in a moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis phase 2 clinical study.
efficacy and safety of ixekizumab in patients with plaque psoriasis across different degrees of disease severity: results from uncover-2 and uncover-3.
secukinumab demonstrates high efficacy and a favorable safety profile over 52 weeks in chinese patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
efficacy and safety of adalimumab in patients with psoriasis previously treated with anti-tumour necrosis factor agents: subanalysis of believe.
27380 bimekizumab efficacy in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis during the randomized withdrawal and retreatment phase of be ready, a phase 3 trial.
efficacy of isa247 in plaque psoriasis: a randomised, multicentre, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase iii study.
13097 biosimilar bi 695501 demonstrates clinical equivalence to adalimumab reference product in patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis through 24 weeks.
efficacy and safety of risankizumab in moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis (ultimma-1 and ultimma-2): results from two double-blind, randomised, placebo-controlled and ustekinumab-controlled phase 3 trials.
secukinumab demonstrates greater sustained improvements in daily activities and personal relationships than ustekinumab in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: 52-week results from the clear study.
efficacy and safety of risankizumab in japanese patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: results from the sustaimm phase 2/3 trial.
efficacy and safety of adalimumab in chinese patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: results from a phase 3, randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind study.
il-23 blockade with guselkumab potentially modifies psoriasis pathogenesis: rationale and study protocol of a phase 3b, randomised, double-blind, multicentre study in participants with moderate-to-severe plaque-type psoriasis (guide).
ixekizumab treatment leads to early resolution of bothersome symptoms versus ustekinumab.
maintenance of clinical efficacy in moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: a 52-week evaluation of brodalumab in three multicenter, double-blind studies of 4363 subjects.
extension study of secukinumab prefilled syringes in subjects with moderate to severe chronic plaque-type psoriasis completing preceding psoriasis phase iii studies with secukinumab.
liberate trial: sustained efficacy of apremilast in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis who continued on apremilast or switched from etanercept treatment.
comparison of ustekinumab and etanercept for moderate-to-severe psoriasis.
cyclosporine as maintenance therapy in patients with severe psoriasis.
brodalumab, an anti-interleukin-17-receptor antibody for psoriasis.
a double-blind study in subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis to evaluate efficacy, safety, tolerability of four different dose levels of aby-035 compared to placebo.
itching is a significant problem and a mediator between disease severity and quality of life for patients with psoriasis: results from a randomized controlled trial.
efficacy and tolerability of biologic and nonbiologic systemic treatments for moderate-to-severe psoriasis: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
secukinumab administration by pre-filled syringe: efficacy, safety and usability results from a randomized controlled trial in psoriasis (feature).
results after at least 52 weeks of open label treatment with ixekizumab, an anti-il-17a monoclonal antibody, in a phase 2 study in chronic plaque psoriasis.
secukinumab retreatment-as-needed versus fixed-interval maintenance regimen for moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: a randomized, double-blind, noninferiority trial (sculpture).
certolizumab pegol improves patient-reported outcomes in chronic plaque psoriasis over 1 year.
an intensified dosing schedule of subcutaneous methotrexate in patients with moderate to severe plaque-type psoriasis (metop): a 52 week, multicentre, randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, phase 3 trial.
efficacy of sirolimus (rapamycin) administered concomitantly with a subtherapeutic dose of cyclosporin in the treatment of severe psoriasis: a randomized controlled trial.
27599 secukinumab administration by a 2 ml autoinjector demonstrates high efficacy with comparable safety and tolerability in adult patients with plaque psoriasis: 16-week results from mature.
secukinumab sustains good efficacy and favourable safety in moderate-to-severe psoriasis after up to 3 years of treatment: results from a double-blind extension study.
secukinumab, a new anti-il17a biologic therapy, induces rapid and durable clinical, histological, and molecular resolution of psoriasis plaques over 1 year of administration.
comparison of the clinical efficacy of subcutaneous versus oral administration of methotrexate in patients with psoriasis vulgaris.
efficacy and safety of apremilast through 104 weeks in subjects with moderate to severe psoriasis randomized to placebo, apremilast, or etanercept who continued on or switched to apremilast after week 16 in a phase 3b study.
the effects of oral liarozole on epidermal proliferation and differentiation in severe plaque psoriasis are comparable with those of acitretin.
effect of brodalumab compared to placebo on vascular inflammation in moderate-to-severe psoriasis.
effect of tildrakizumab on personal relationships in patients with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
15302 psoriasis area and severity index component improvements at week 48 in patients treated with guselkumab compared with secukinumab: findings from the eclipse study.
tofacitinib withdrawal and retreatment in moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis: a randomized controlled trial.
efficacy and safety of systemic methotrexate in two fixed doses of 10 mg or 25 mg orally once weekly in adult patients with severe plaque-type psoriasis: a prospective, randomized, double-blind, dose-ranging study.
optimizing adalimumab treatment in psoriasis with concomitant methotrexate (optimap): study protocol for a pragmatic, single-blinded, investigator-initiated randomized controlled trial.
efficacy and safety of ixekizumab in patients previously treated with etanercept.
combining etanercept and acitretin in the therapy of chronic plaque psoriasis: a 24-week, randomized, controlled, investigator-blinded pilot trial.
efficacy and safety of itolizumab, a novel anti-cd6 monoclonal antibody, in patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis: results of a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, phase-iii study.
cyclosporine in psoriasis: a multicenter dose-finding study in severe plaque psoriasis. the german multicenter study.
fasting in managment of psoriasis.
a randomized trial of etanercept as monotherapy for psoriasis.
secukinumab sustains improvement in signs and symptoms of psoriatic arthritis: 2 year results from the phase 3 future 2 study.
oral tofacitinib efficacy, safety and tolerability in japanese patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis: a randomized, double-blind, phase 3 study.
disparate effects of adalimumab and fumaric acid esters on cardiovascular risk factors in psoriasis patients: results from a prospective, randomized, observer-blinded head-to-head trial.
efficacy and safety of ustekinumab in chinese patients with moderate to severe plaque-type psoriasis: results from a phase 3 clinical trial (lotus).
efficacy of ixekizumab versus adalimumab in psoriatic arthritis (psa) patients with and without moderate-to-severe psoriasis: 52-week results from a multicentre, randomized open-label study.
15921 absolute pasi response up to 52 weeks with brodalumab in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
the effect of acitretin on moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
efficacy and safety of adalimumab across subgroups of patients with moderate to severe psoriasis.
absolute and relative pasi improvements with ixekizumab treatment: results at week 12 from ixora-p.
extension of ustekinumab maintenance dosing interval in moderate-to-severe psoriasis: results of a phase iiib, randomized, double-blinded, active-controlled, multicentre study (pstellar).
the accept study: ustekinumab versus etanercept in moderate-to-severe psoriasis patients.
treatment of psoriasis with recombinant human lfa3-antibody fusion protein: a multi-center, randomized, double-blind trial in a chinese population.
efficacy of ixekizumab in moderate-to-severe psoriasis patients who have or have not received prior biologic therapies: an integrated analysis of 3 phase 3 studies.
efficacy and safety of guselkumab in patients with psoriasis who have an inadequate response to ustekinumab: results of the randomized, double-blind, phase iii navigate trial.
guselkumab, an anti-interleukin-23 monoclonal antibody, for the treatment of moderate to severe plaque-type psoriasis in japanese patients: efficacy and safety results from a phase 3, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
treatment with 311-nm ultraviolet b enhanced response of psoriatic lesions in ustekinumab-treated patients: a randomized intraindividual trial.
secukinumab shows high and sustained efficacy in patients with moderate-to-severe palmoplantar psoriasis: 2.5-year results from the gesture study.
selective oral tyrosine kinase 2 (tyk2) inhibitor (bms-986165) impact on quality of life (qol) in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis (pso) in a phase 2 trial as assessed by the dermatology life quality index (dlqi).
improvement in the quality of life of patients with severe plaque psoriasis treated with systemic methotrexate in fixed doses of 10 mg or 25 mg orally once weekly: a prospective, randomized, double-blind, parallel-group study.
multiple switches between gp2015, an etanercept biosimilar, with originator product do not impact efficacy, safety and immunogenicity in patients with chronic plaque-type psoriasis: 30-week results from the phase 3, confirmatory egality study.
treatment outcomes with ixekizumab in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis who have or have not received prior biological therapies: an integrated analysis of two phase iii randomized studies.
efficacy, safety and usability of secukinumab administration by autoinjector/pen in psoriasis: a randomized, controlled trial (juncture).
early clinical response as a predictor of subsequent response to ixekizumab treatment: results from a phase ii study of patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
etanercept and clinical outcomes, fatigue, and depression in psoriasis: double-blind placebo-controlled randomised phase iii trial.
benefit-risk analysis of adalimumab versus methotrexate and placebo in the treatment of moderate to severe psoriasis: comparison of adverse event-free response days in the champion trial.
secukinumab, a human anti-interleukin-17a monoclonal antibody, significantly reduces psoriasis burden in patients with psoriatic arthritis: results from a phase 3 randomized controlled trial.
ustekinumab for the treatment of moderate to severe psoriasis.
efficacy and safety of infliximab vs. methotrexate in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: results of an open-label, active-controlled, randomized trial (restore1).
a selective inhibitor of tyk2, bms-986165, improves molecular, cellular, and clinical biomarkers associated with efficacy in moderate-to-severe psoriasis.
once weekly administration of etanercept 50 mg is efficacious and well tolerated in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: a randomized controlled trial with open-label extension.
a randomized, 'head-to-head' pilot study comparing the effects of etanercept monotherapy vs. etanercept and narrowband ultraviolet b (nb-uvb) phototherapy in obese psoriasis patients.
treatment effect of adalimumab and infliximab in japanese psoriasis patients: results in a single community-based hospital.
efficacy and safety of risankizumab: results from two double-blind, placebo-and ustekinumab-controlled, phase 3 trials in moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
acitretin plus uvb therapy for psoriasis. comparisons with placebo plus uvb and acitretin alone.
ustekinumab is superior to tnf inhibitor treatment in resolving enthesitis in psa patients with active enthesitis-results from the enthesial clearance in psoriatic arthritis (eclipsa) study.
long-term safety and efficacy of biosimilar infliximab (ct-p13) after switching from originator infliximab: results from the 26-week open label extension of a norwegian randomised trial.
patient-reported symptoms and signs of moderate-to-severe psoriasis treated with guselkumab or adalimumab: results from the randomized voyage 1 trial.
dual neutralization of both interleukin 17a and interleukin 17f with bimekizumab in patients with psoriasis: results from be able 1, a 12-week randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled phase 2b trial.
ixekizumab improves nail and skin psoriasis through 52 weeks of treatment in patients with active psoriatic arthritis: results from two randomized, double-blind, phase 3, clinical trials (spirit-p1 and spirit-p2).
long-term efficacy of ustekinumab in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis: results from the phoenix 1 trial through up to 3 years.
14152 patient-reported outcomes in a head-to-head, randomized, double-blinded clinical trial of ixekizumab and guselkumab in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
adalimumab for treatment of moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis of the hands and feet: efficacy and safety results from reach, a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind trial.
13771 comparison of ixekizumab and adalimumab in the treatment of nail psoriasis in psoriatic arthritis patients with moderate to severe psoriasis: 24-week results from a multicenter, randomized, open-label, rater-blinded study (spirit-h2h).
role of oral colchicine in plaque type psoriasis. a randomized clinical trial comparing with oral methotrexate.
low-dose (1.25 mg/kg) cyclosporin a: treatment of psoriasis and investigation of the influence on lipid profile.
long-term efficacy of brodalumab for the treatment of moderate-to-severe psoriasis: data from a pivotal phase iii clinical trial.
ixekizumab improves nail and skin lesions in patients with active psoriatic arthritis and prior tnf inadequate response.
a 52-week, open-label study of the efficacy and safety of ixekizumab, an anti-interleukin-17a monoclonal antibody, in patients with chronic plaque psoriasis.
efficacy and safety results from the randomized controlled comparative study of adalimumab vs. methotrexate vs. placebo in patients with psoriasis (champion).
efficacy and safety of mirikizumab versus secukinumab and placebo in the treatment of moderate-to-severe psoriasis: 52-week results from oasis-2, a multicenter, randomized, double-blind study.
efficacy of tildrakizumab in etanercept partial responders or nonresponders.
efficacy and safety of risankizumab (rzb) compared with adalimumab (ada) in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: results from the phase 3 immvent trial.
impact of ustekinumab on health-related quality of life and sexual difficulties associated with psoriasis: results from two phase iii clinical trials.
improvement of scalp and nail lesions with ixekizumab in a phase 2 trial in patients with chronic plaque psoriasis.
safety profile of intravenous and subcutaneous siplizumab, an anti-cd2 monoclonal antibody, for the treatment of plaque psoriasis: results of two randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled studies.
secukinumab is superior to ustekinumab in clearing skin of subjects with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis up to 1 year: results from the clear study.
efficacy and safety of continuous ixekizumab treatment for 60 weeks in moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: results from the uncover-3 trial.
combination therapy and the use of an initial dose of intramuscular methotrexate in patients hospitalized for psoriasis.
secukinumab administration by autoinjector maintains reduction of plaque psoriasis severity over 52 weeks: results of the randomized controlled juncture trial.
clinical response to adalimumab treatment in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis: double-blind, randomized controlled trial and open-label extension study.
comparison of ixekizumab with etanercept or placebo in moderate-to-severe psoriasis: subgroup analysis of latin american patients in the phase 3 randomized uncover-3 study.
cardiometabolic profile, clinical features, quality of life and treatment outcomes in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis.
the combination of etanercept and methotrexate increases the effectiveness of treatment in active psoriasis despite inadequate effect of methotrexate therapy.
multicentre, randomised, open-label, assessor-blinded, parallel-group head-to-head comparison of the efficacy and safety of ixekizumab versus adalimumab in patients with psoriatic arthritis naive to biologic disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drugs: 24-week results.
a head-to-head comparison of ixekizumab versus guselkumab in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: 12-week efficacy, safety, and speed of response from a randomized, double-blind trial.
tildrakizumab versus placebo or etanercept for chronic plaque psoriasis (resurface 1 and resurface 2): results from two randomised controlled, phase 3 trials.
efficacy and safety of mirikizumab (ly3074828) in the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: results from a randomized phase ii study.
the efficacy of calcipotriol + acitretin combination therapy for psoriasis: comparison with acitretin monotherapy.
risankizumab versus ustekinumab for moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
long-term efficacy of ustekinumab in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis treated for up to 5 years in the phoenix 1 study.
study of efficacy and safety of secukinumab 2 ml auto-injector (300 mg) injections in subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
subcutaneous methotrexate in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis: a critical appraisal.
infliximab monotherapy provides rapid and sustained benefit for plaque-type psoriasis.
efficacy and safety of acitretin in three fixed doses of 25, 35 and 50 mg in adult patients with severe plaque type psoriasis: a randomized, double blind, parallel group, dose ranging study.
ustekinumab improves health-related quality of life in chinese patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: results from the lotus trial and curative effect observation.
secukinumab is superior to ustekinumab in clearing skin and improving quality of life in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: clarity, a randomized, controlled, phase 3b trial.
efficacy and safety of ustekinumab for the treatment of moderate-to-severe psoriasis: a phase iii, randomized, placebo-controlled trial in taiwanese and korean patients (pearl).
ixekizumab vs. adalimumab for the treatment of psoriatic arthritis: 52-week efficacy and safety outcomes.
side-effect profile of acitretin therapy in psoriasis.
a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of acitretin for the treatment of psoriasis.
a randomized study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of adding topical therapy to etanercept in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
impact of brodalumab treatment on psoriasis symptoms and health-related quality of life: use of a novel patient-reported outcome measure, the psoriasis symptom inventory.
long-term safety of ustekinumab in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis: final results from 5 years of follow-up.
risankizumab compared with adalimumab in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis (immvent): a randomised, double-blind, active-comparator-controlled phase 3 trial.
secukinumab delivers greater improvement in health-related quality of life compared to ustekinumab in subjects with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: 16-week data from the clear study.
study of efficacy and safety of secukinumab 2 ml pre-filled syringe (300 mg) in subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
a clinical research study of 28 weeks to test the safety/tolerability and effectiveness of an investigational study medication (subcutaneous sch 900222/mk-3222) in improving the signs and symptoms of moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis, and to compare it to an approved medication for the treatment of psoriasis called etanercept.
infliximab treatment improves productivity among patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis.
long-term efficacy and safety of secukinumab in japanese patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: 3-year results of a double-blind extension study.
once-weekly administration of etanercept 50 mg improves patient-reported outcomes in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
efficacy and safety of ixekizumab for the treatment of plaque psoriasis: results through 108 weeks randomised, phase iii clinical trial (uncover-3).
guselkumab versus secukinumab for the treatment of moderate-to-severe psoriasis (eclipse): results from a phase 3, randomised controlled trial.
efficacy and safety of ixekizumab in patients with psoriasis who failed initial etanercept treatment: a subanalysis from uncover 2, a randomized, double-blind, multicentre, phase iii clinical trial.
secukinumab treatment in new-onset psoriasis: aiming to understand the potential for disease modification - rationale and design of the randomized, multicenter stepin study.
ustekinumab improves nail disease in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis: results from phoenix 1.
methotrexate versus traditional chinese medicine in psoriasis: a randomized, placebo-controlled trial to determine efficacy, safety and quality of life.
efficacy and safety of briakinumab vs. etanercept and placebo in patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
a comparison of mycophenolate mofetil with ciclosporine for the treatment of chronic plaque-type psoriasis.
long-term efficacy and safety of adalimumab in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis treated continuously over 3 years: results from an open-label extension study for patients from reveal.
secukinumab improves scalp pain, itching, scaling and quality of life in patients with moderate-to-severe scalp psoriasis.
bi 655066 dose ranging in psoriasis, active comparator ustekinumab.
15340 long-term treatment with secukinumab led to sustained clinical improvement and normalization of inflammatory markers in patients with psoriasis.
acitretin (ro 10-1670) in the treatment of severe psoriasis. a randomized double-blind parallel study comparing acitretin and etretinate.
an update on the long-term safety experience of ustekinumab: results from the psoriasis clinical development program with up to four years of follow-up.
a human interleukin-12/23 monoclonal antibody for the treatment of psoriasis.
clinical signs of epithelial surface disruption impact pain and sexual health in patients with moderate-to-severe genital psoriasis.
early treatment of psoriatic arthritis is associated with improved patient-reported outcomes: findings from the etanercept presta trial.
a head-to-head comparison of ixekizumab vs. guselkumab in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: 24-week efficacy and safety results from a randomized, double-blinded trial.
association between serum interleukin-17a and clinical response to tofacitinib and etanercept in moderate to severe psoriasis.
patient-reported outcomes of psoriasis improvement with etanercept therapy: results of a randomized phase iii trial.
primary efficacy and safety of adalimumab in nail psoriasis from the first 26 weeks of a phase-3, randomized, placebo-controlled trial with subanalysis in patients with and without psoriatic arthritis.
efficacy and safety results from a phase iii, randomized controlled trial comparing the safety and efficacy of briakinumab with etanercept and placebo in patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
efalizumab.
efficacy of tofacitinib in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis who had inadequate responses to prior biologics.
efficacy and safety of ixekizumab in patients with active psoriatic arthritis: 52 week results from a phase 3 study.
14020 durability of responses with bimekizumab, a selective dual inhibitor of interleukin-17a and -17f, in moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis in a 60-week randomized, double-blinded, phase 2b study (be able 2).
moderate to severe plaque psoriasis with scalp involvement: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study of etanercept.
combination of skin, joint and quality of life outcomes with etanercept in psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis in the presta trial.
methotrexate vs secukinumab safety in psoriasis patients with metabolic syndrome.
brodalumab, a human anti-interleukin-17-receptor antibody in the treatment of japanese patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: efficacy and safety results from a phase ii randomized controlled study.
adalimumab in japanese patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis: efficacy and safety results from a phase ii/iii randomized controlled study.
comparison of ixekizumab with etanercept or placebo in moderate-to-severe psoriasis (uncover-2 and uncover-3): results from two phase 3 randomised trials.
methotrexate versus cyclosporine in moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
informative dropout modeling of longitudinal ordered categorical data and model validation: application to exposure-response modeling of physician's global assessment score for ustekinumab in patients with psoriasis.
certolizumab pegol for the treatment of chronic plaque psoriasis: results through 48 weeks of a phase 3, multicenter, randomized, double-blind, etanercept- and placebo-controlled study (cimpact).
effect of secukinumab on quality of life and psoriasis-related symptoms: a comparative analysis versus ustekinumab from the clear 52-week study.
folic acid supplementation during treatment of psoriasis with methotrexate: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
one-year safety and efficacy of ustekinumab and results of dose adjustment after switching from inadequate methotrexate treatment: the transit randomized trial in moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
low-dose short-term cyclosporine versus etretinate in psoriasis: improvement of skin, nail, and joint involvement.
switching treatments of etanercept biosimilar gp2015 with originator product does not impact efficacy, safety and immunogenicity in patients with chronic plaque-type psoriasis.
ixekizumab provides superior efficacy compared with ustekinumab over 52 weeks of treatment: results from ixora-s, a phase 3 study.
effect of secukinumab on the clinical activity and disease burden of nail psoriasis: 32-week results from the randomized placebo-controlled transfigure trial.
efficacy and safety of guselkumab, administered with a novel patient-controlled injector (one-press), for moderate-to-severe psoriasis: results from the phase 3 orion study.
early onset of clinical improvement with ixekizumab in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
intermittent short courses of cyclosporin (neoral(r)) for psoriasis unresponsive to topical therapy: a 1-year multicentre, randomized study. the pisces study group.
long-term outcomes of interruption and retreatment vs. continuous therapy with adalimumab for psoriasis: subanalysis of reveal and the open-label extension study.
comparison of efficacy and safety of oral vs subcutaneous methotrexate in psoriasis.
a randomised, double blind, placebo controlled efficacy and safety trial of different doses/dose regimens of fp187 compared to placebo in moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
long-term safety and efficacy of adalimumab from the phase 3 randomized, placebo-controlled trial in patients with nail and skin psoriasis.
a randomized comparison of continuous vs. intermittent infliximab maintenance regimens over 1 year in the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
optimizing adalimumab treatment in psoriasis with concomitant methotrexate: a randomized controlled trial.
infliximab treatment results in significant improvement in the quality of life of patients with severe psoriasis: a double-blind placebo-controlled trial.
switching from adalimumab to chs-1420: a randomized, double-blind global clinical trial in patients with psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis.
ixekizumab treatment improves fingernail psoriasis in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis: results from the randomized, controlled and open-label phases of uncover-3.
results of a single ascending dose study to assess the safety and tolerability of cnto 1959 following intravenous or subcutaneous administration in healthy subjects and in subjects with moderate to severe psoriasis.
the egality study: a confirmatory, randomized, double-blind study comparing the efficacy, safety and immunogenicity of gp2015, a proposed etanercept biosimilar, vs. the originator product in patients with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque-type psoriasis.
bimekizumab efficacy and safety in moderate to severe plaque psoriasis (be ready): a multicentre, double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomised withdrawal phase 3 trial.
efficiency of acitretin in combination with uv-b in the treatment of severe psoriasis.
efficacy and safety of secukinumab in the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase ii dose-ranging study.
a comparative clinical study to evaluate efficacy and safety of test drug in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
improvement in scalp and nails with apremilast in patients with moderate plaque psoriasis naive to systemic and biologic therapy: 52-week results of the unveil study.
self-reported health outcomes in patients with psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis randomized to two etanercept regimens.
infliximab monotherapy for chinese patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled multicenter trial.
cytokine effects of apremilast as a mechanism of efficacy in systemic-naive patients with moderate plaque psoriasis: results from the unveil trial.
sustained improvement in patient-reported outcomes with continued apremilast treatment over 104 weeks in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis.
safety and efficacy of guselkumab in japanese patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: a randomized, placebo-controlled, ascending-dose study.
antipsoriatic effect of fumaric acid derivatives. results of a multicenter double-blind study in 100 patients.
impact of ixekizumab on facial psoriasis and related quality of life measures in moderate-to-severe psoriasis patients: 12-week results from two phase iii trials.
comparison of two etanercept regimens for treatment of psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis: presta randomised double blind multicentre trial.
predictors of response to tildrakizumab for moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
sustained response following withdrawal of guselkumab treatment correlates with reduced th17 and th22 effector cytokine levels.
expectation-induced enhancement of pain, itch and quality of life in psoriasis patients: study protocol of a randomised controlled trial.
acitretin versus etretinate in severe psoriasis. a double-blind randomized nordic multicenter study in 168 patients.
improvements in psoriasis within different body regions vary over time following treatment with ixekizumab.
the effect of adalimumab on reducing depression symptoms in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis: a randomized clinical trial.
weekly vs. daily administration of oral methotrexate (mtx) for generalized plaque psoriasis: a randomized controlled clinical trial.
ustekinumab decreases work limitations, improves work productivity, and reduces work days missed in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis: results from phoenix 2.
secukinumab's long-term safety remains favorable up to 5 years of treatment.
effect of ixekizumab treatment on work productivity for patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: analysis of results from 3 randomized phase 3 clinical trials.
relationship between methotrexate dosing and clinical response in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis: subanalysis of the champion study.
secukinumab induction and maintenance therapy in moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, phase ii regimen-finding study.
efficacy and safety of continuous every-2-week dosing of ixekizumab over 52 weeks in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis in a randomized phase iii trial (ixora-p).
a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study of ustekinumab in chinese patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: lotus trial results.
analysis of the effect of recombinant human tumor necrosis factor receptor in the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis on pasi score.
a phase 4, randomized, head-to-head trial comparing the efficacy of subcutaneous injections of brodalumab to oral administrations of fumaric acid esters in adults with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis (change).
improvement in quality of life with infliximab induction and maintenance therapy in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis: a randomized controlled trial.
transition to ustekinumab in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis and inadequate response to methotrexate: a randomized clinical trial (transit).
phase iii randomized study of the proposed adalimumab biosimilar gp2017 in psoriasis: impact of multiple switches.
efficacy and safety of ixekizumab in a randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled phase iiib study of patients with moderate-to-severe genital psoriasis.
ustekinumab improves health-related quality of life in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis: results from the phoenix 1 trial.
randomized, double-blind study comparing chs-0214 with etanercept (enbrel) in patients with psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis.
bimekizumab versus ustekinumab in plaque psoriasis: lasting efficacy translates to rapid and sustained improvements in quality of life in the be vivid multicenter, randomized, double-blinded phase iii trial.
ixekizumab (ixe) vs. adalimumab (ada) for the treatment of psa: 52-week efficacy and safety outcomes.
15328 efficacy and safety of mirikizumab in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: 104-week results from a randomized phase 2 study.
combined treatment with low-dose cyclosporine and calcipotriol/betamethasone dipropionate ointment for moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: a randomized controlled open-label study.
evaluating the benefits of using secukinumab rather than standard treatments as the first systemic treatment in moderate to severe psoriasis.
study of the efficacy of early intervention with secukinumab 300 mg s.c. compared to narrow-band uvb in patients with new-onset moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
greater cumulative benefits from ixekizumab versus ustekinumab treatment over 52 weeks for patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis in a randomized, double-blinded phase 3b clinical trial.
methotrexate vs. ciclosporin in psoriasis: effectiveness, quality of life and safety. a randomized controlled trial.
influence of baseline demographics on efficacy of a selective oral tyk2 inhibitor, bms-986165, in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: a phase 2, randomized, placebo-controlled trial.
comparison of methotrexate and azathioprine in the treatment of psoriasis: a randomized controlled trial.
first-in-human study to assess guselkumab (anti-il-23 mab) pharmacokinetics/safety in healthy subjects and patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis.
efficacy and safety of risankizumab, an interleukin-23 inhibitor, in patients with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis: 16-week results from the phase iii immhance trial.
secukinumab retreatment shows rapid recapture of treatment response: an analysis of a phase 3 extension trial in psoriasis.
efficacy and safety of etanercept in psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis in the presta study: analysis in patients from central and eastern europe.
impact of ixekizumab on facial psoriasis and related quality of life measures in moderate-to-severe psoriasis patients: 12-week results from two phase iii trials.
secukinumab 2-weekly vs. 4-weekly dosing in patients with plaque-type psoriasis: results from the randomized gain study.
safety and efficacy of apremilast through 104 weeks in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis who continued on apremilast or switched from etanercept treatment: findings from the liberate study.
efficacy and safety of etanercept in psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis in the presta study: analysis in patients from central and eastern europe.
risankizumab compared with adalimumab in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis (immvent): a randomised, double-blind, active-comparator-controlled phase 3 trial.
patient-reported outcomes with risankizumab versus fumaric acid esters in systemic therapy-naive patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: a phase 3 clinical trial.
phase iii randomized study of the proposed adalimumab biosimilar gp2017 in psoriasis: impact of multiple switches.
long-term efficacy of novel therapies in moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: a systematic review and network meta-analysis of pasi response.
tildrakizumab efficacy and impact on quality of life up to 52 weeks in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis: a pooled analysis of two randomized controlled trials.
efficacy and safety of etanercept combined plus methotrexate and comparison of expression of pro-inflammatory factors expression for the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
expectation-induced enhancement of pain, itch and quality of life in psoriasis patients: study protocol of a randomised controlled trial.
association between serum interleukin-17a and clinical response to tofacitinib and etanercept in moderate to severe psoriasis.
apremilast for the treatment of moderate-to-severe palmoplantar psoriasis: results from a double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized study.
efficacy and safety of continuous every-2-week dosing of ixekizumab over 52 weeks in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis in a randomized phase iii trial (ixora-p).
secukinumab maintains superiority over ustekinumab in clearing skin and improving quality of life in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: 52-week results from a double-blind phase 3b trial (clarity).
subcutaneous methotrexate in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis: a critical appraisal.
safety and efficacy of guselkumab in japanese patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: a randomized, placebo-controlled, ascending-dose study.
disparate effects of adalimumab and fumaric acid esters on cardiovascular risk factors in psoriasis patients: results from a prospective, randomized, observer-blinded head-to-head trial.
a phase 4, randomized, head-to-head trial comparing the efficacy of subcutaneous injections of brodalumab to oral administrations of fumaric acid esters in adults with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis (change).
il17a/f nanobody sonelokimab in patients with plaque psoriasis: a multicentre, randomised, placebo-controlled, phase 2b study.
long-term efficacy and safety of secukinumab in japanese patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: 3-year results of a double-blind extension study.
bimekizumab versus ustekinumab for the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis (be vivid): efficacy and safety from a 52-week, multicentre, double-blind, active comparator and placebo controlled phase 3 trial.
meta-analysis results do not reflect the real safety of biologics in psoriasis.
efficacy and safety of risankizumab in moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis (ultimma-1 and ultimma-2): results from two double-blind, randomised, placebo-controlled and ustekinumab-controlled phase 3 trials.
first-in-human study demonstrating the safety and clinical efficacy of novel anti-il-17a monoclonal antibody cjm112 in moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
guselkumab versus secukinumab for the treatment of moderate-to-severe psoriasis (eclipse): results from a phase 3, randomised controlled trial.
improvement in itch and other psoriasis symptoms with brodalumab in phase 3 randomized controlled trials.
multiple switches between gp2015, an etanercept biosimilar, with originator product do not impact efficacy, safety and immunogenicity in patients with chronic plaque-type psoriasis: 30-week results from the phase 3, confirmatory egality study.
effect of secukinumab on the clinical activity and disease burden of nail psoriasis: 32-week results from the randomized placebo-controlled transfigure trial.
bimekizumab efficacy and safety in moderate to severe plaque psoriasis (be ready): a multicentre, double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomised withdrawal phase 3 trial.
comparing the efficacy and safety of il-17 inhibitors for treatment of moderate-to-severe psoriasis: a randomized double blind pilot study with a review of literature.
patient-reported symptoms and signs of moderate-to-severe psoriasis treated with guselkumab or adalimumab: results from the randomized voyage 1 trial.
efficacy and safety of guselkumab in patients with psoriasis who have an inadequate response to ustekinumab: results of the randomized, double-blind, phase iii navigate trial.
systemic pharmacological treatments for chronic plaque psoriasis: a network meta-analysis.
efficacy and safety of ixekizumab in patients with plaque psoriasis across different degrees of disease severity: results from uncover-2 and uncover-3.
certolizumab pegol for the treatment of patients with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis: pooled analysis of week 16 data from three randomized controlled trials.
comparative efficacy and safety of biologics in moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: a multiple-treatments meta-analysis.
a head-to-head comparison of ixekizumab vs. guselkumab in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: 24-week efficacy and safety results from a randomized, double-blinded trial.
efficacy and safety of mirikizumab (ly3074828) in the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: results from a randomized phase ii study.
improvements in psoriasis within different body regions vary over time following treatment with ixekizumab.
secukinumab treatment in new-onset psoriasis: aiming to understand the potential for disease modification - rationale and design of the randomized, multicenter stepin study.
safety of tildrakizumab for moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: pooled analysis of three randomized controlled trials.
