total number of articles searched: 1092.
objectives: ['assess the benefits of outpatient treatment options for covid-19', 'assess the harms of outpatient treatment options for covid-19', 'evaluate 22 different covid-19 treatments', 'provide a living, rapid evidence review for the american college of physicians'].
evolution of the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on heart transplant recipients: decreasing risk, improving perspective.
rapid responses to the covid-19 through science and global collaboration: the solidarity clinical trial.
outpatient glucocorticoid use and covid-19 outcomes: a population-based study.
effectiveness and safety of azvudine in older adults with mild and moderate covid-19: a retrospective observational study.
paxlovid for the treatment of covid-19: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
the effect of covid convalescent plasma on hospital stay: a retrospective observational study from a tertiary care hospital in north india.
early experience with modified dose nirmatrelvir/ritonavir in dialysis patients with coronavirus disease 2019.
plasma net markers kinetics in covid-19 patients receiving immunomodulatory treatments.
oral nirmatrelvir and ritonavir for covid-19 in vaccinated, non-hospitalized adults, ages 18-50 years.
hospitalization and emergency department encounters for covid-19 after paxlovid treatment - california, december 2021-may 2022.
nirmatrelvir/ritonavir utilization for the treatment of non-hospitalized adults with covid-19 in the national veterans affairs (va) healthcare system.
clinical, virologic, and immunologic evaluation of symptomatic coronavirus disease 2019 rebound following nirmatrelvir/ritonavir treatment.
activ-6: covid-19 study of repurposed medications - arm g (metformin).
nirmatrelvir/ritonavir or molnupiravir for treatment of non-hospitalized patients with covid-19 at risk of disease progression.
safety and efficacy of molnupiravir in sars-cov-2 infected patients: a real-life experience.
tixagevimab/cilgavimab im and iv for covid-19: a randomized controlled activ-2 trial.
ivermectin-induced clinical improvement and alleviation of significant symptoms of covid-19 outpatients: a cross-sectional study.
evaluating in vivo effectiveness of sotrovimab for the treatment of omicron subvariant ba.2 versus ba.1: a multicentre, retrospective cohort study.
relationship between glucocorticoids and viral load during the omicron wave in mainland china.
nirmatrelvir/ritonavir treatment and risk for post-acute sequelae of covid-19 in older singaporeans.
outpatient medications associated with protection from covid-19 hospitalization.
real world effectiveness of sotrovimab in preventing covid-19-related hospitalisation or death in patients infected with omicron ba.2.
ivermectin for covid-19 in adults in the community (principle): an open, randomised, controlled, adaptive platform trial of short- and longer-term outcomes.
can nitazoxanide and/or other anti-viral medications be a solution to long covid? case report with a brief literature review.
outpatient treatment of covid-19 and the development of long covid over 10 months: a multi-center, quadruple-blind, parallel group randomized phase 3 trial.
covid-19 algorithm treatment at home.
effectiveness of nirmatrelvir/ritonavir in children and adolescents aged 12–17 years following sars-cov-2 omicron infection: a target trial emulation.
persistent sars-cov-2 pcr positivity despite treatment in immunodeficient patients.
sample average treatment effect on the treated analysis using counterfactual explanation identifies bmt and sars-cov-2 vaccination as protective risk factors associated with covid-19 severity and survival in patients with multiple myeloma.
the real-world effectiveness of fluvoxamine therapy in mild to moderate covid-19 patients.
oral colchicine and low-dose aspirin combination therapy for non-elderly, non-severe, early time from onset, adult outpatients with coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) during "the fifth pandemic wave" in japan.
molnupiravir, nirmatrelvir/ritonavir, or sotrovimab for high-risk covid-19 patients infected by the omicron variant: hospitalization, mortality, and time until negative swab test in real life.
effectiveness of ivermectin and atazanavir on time to resolution from covid-19 symptoms: a prospective cohort.
treatment with fluvoxamine in nonhospitalized coronavirus disease 2019 patients.
clinical antiviral efficacy of remdesivir in coronavirus disease 2019: an open-label, randomized controlled adaptive platform trial (platcov).
early combination with remdesivir, nirmatrelvir/ritonavir and sotrovimab for the treatment of covid-19 in immunocompromised hosts.
post-exposure prophylaxis with sa58 (anti-covid-19 monoclonal antibody) nasal spray for the prevention of symptomatic coronavirus disease 2019 in healthy adult workers: a randomized, single-blind, placebo-controlled clinical study.
persistent sars-cov-2 pcr positivity despite anti-viral treatment in immunodeficient patients.
the effect of ivermectin on the viral load and culture viability in early treatment of non-hospitalized patients with mild covid-19 - a double-blind, randomized placebo-controlled trial.
hospital protection correlates in outpatient covid-19 convalescent plasma recipients.
risk analysis of musculoskeletal pain intervention using corticosteroid during covid-19 pandemic: a cohort study.
factors influencing covid-19 risk: insights from molnupiravir exposure-response modeling of clinical outcomes.
optimal timing of nirmatrelvir/ritonavir treatment after covid-19 symptom onset or diagnosis: target trial emulation.
nirmatrelvir/ritonavir use with tacrolimus in lung transplant recipients: a single-center case series.
a multicenter, randomized, double-blind, phase ii/iii clinical study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of sim0417 orally co-administered with ritonavir in symptomatic adult participants with mild to moderate covid-19.
high viral specific antibody convalescent plasma effectively neutralizes sars-cov-2 variants of concern.
[pre-exposure prophylaxis of new covid-19 coronavirus infection with tixagevimab/cilgavimab in adult moscow patients with primary immunodeficiencies].
remdesivir decreases mortality in covid-19 patients with active malignancy.
risk of acute liver injury following the nirmatrelvir/ritonavir use.
clinical and virological outcome of monoclonal antibody therapies across sars-cov-2 variants in 245 immunocompromised patients: a multicenter prospective cohort study.
efficacy of convalescent plasma therapy for covid-19 in japan: an open-label, randomized, controlled trial.
population pharmacokinetics and exposure-response analysis of a single dose of sotrovimab in the early treatment of patients with mild to moderate covid-19.
efficacy of different doses of corticosteroids in treating severe covid-19 pneumonia.
evaluation of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 monoclonal antibodies in high-risk solid organ transplant recipients across three major coronavirus disease 2019 variant waves.
erratum: effect of ivermectin vs placebo on time to sustained recovery in outpatients with mild to moderate covid-19: a randomized clinical trial (jama (2022) 328: 16 (1595-1603) doi: 10.1001/jama.2022.18590).
neutralizing monoclonal antibodies for the prevention of severe covid-19: a retrospective study during omicron ba.1 variant surge.
late phase ii study to evaluate the clinical benefit of the anti-inflammatory drug colchicine in patients with covid-19.
analysis of all-cause hospitalization and death among nonhospitalized patients with type 2 diabetes and sars-cov-2 infection treated with molnupiravir or nirmatrelvir-ritonavir during the omicron wave in hong kong.
optimisation of antiviral therapy in immunocompromised covid-19 patients: a randomized factorial controlled strategy trial.
a phase 3, multicenter, randomized, double-blind, 24-week study of the clinical and antiviral effect of s-217622 compared with placebo in non-hospitalized participants with covid-19.
vv116 as a potential treatment for covid-19.
effectiveness, tolerability and prescribing choice of antiviral molecules molnupiravir, remdesivir and nirmatrelvir/r: a real-world comparison in the first ten months of use.
characteristics and outcomes of patients with covid-19 at high risk of disease progression receiving sotrovimab, oral antivirals or no treatment in england: a retrospective cohort study.
remdesivir administration for japanese covid-19 patients undergoing maintenance hemodialysis: a retrospective observation with six case reports.
molnupiravir provides little benefit in vaccinated adults with covid-19.
characteristics and outcomes of patients treated with sotrovimab to prevent progression to severe covid-19 in belgium.
the effects of probiotic lactobacillus acidophilus and colchicine on the control of symptoms, duration, and disease progression of mild and moderate cases of covid-19: a randomized controlled clinical trial.
clinical efficacy of nirmatrelvir and ritonavir combination for treating diabetic patients with covid-19.
optimizing covid-19 treatment in immunocompromised patients: early combination therapy with remdesivir, nirmatrelvir/ritonavir and sotrovimab.
early diagnosis by antigen test kit and early treatment by antiviral therapy: an ambulatory management strategy during covid-19 crisis in thailand.
virologic outcomes with molnupiravir in non-hospitalized adult patients with covid-19 from the randomized, placebo-controlled move-out trial.
real-world effectiveness and safety of nirmatrelvir-ritonavir (paxlovid)-treated for covid-19 patients with onset of more than 5 days: a retrospective cohort study.
symptom duration and resolution with early outpatient treatment of convalescent plasma for covid- 19: a randomized trial.
efficacy of favipiravir in adults with mild covid-19: a randomized, double-blind, multicenter, placebo-controlled trial clinical trial.
early combination of sotrovimab with nirmatrelvir/ritonavir or remdesivir is associated with low rate of persisting sars cov-2 infection in immunocompromised outpatients with mild-to-moderate covid-19: a prospective single center study.
a real-world assessment of unvaccinated and vaccinated patients with coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) treated with monoclonal antibodies during the delta wave.
early treatment strategy with high-dose dexamethasone in patients with sars-cov-2.
clinical prognosis of patients with mild covid-19 treated with casirivimab/imdevimab in japan.
steroid in the treatment of outpatient covid-19: a multicenter randomized controlled trial.
long-term effect of corticosteroid treatment during acute covid-19 infection on pulmonary function test results.
clinical rebound after treatment with nirmatrelvir/ritonavir in covid-19.
potential drug-drug interactions among u.s. adults treated with nirmatrelvir/ritonavir: a cross-sectional study of the national covid cohort collaborative (n3c).
remdesivir resistance analyses from the pinetree study in outpatients with covid-19.
case report: disseminated herpes simplex virus 1 infection and hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis after immunomodulatory therapy in a patient with coronavirus disease 2019.
the effect of oral antiviral therapy for covid-19 in managing non-hospitalized patients with lung cancer.
casirivimab and imdevimab: cost-effectiveness analysis of the treatment based on monoclonal antibodies on outpatients with covid-19.
an open label randomized controlled trial of ivermectin plus favipiravir-based standard of care versus favipiravir-based standard of care for treatment of moderate covid-19 in thailand.
remdesivir in an outpatient setting improves biomarkers for progression of covid-19.
to evaluate ssd8432/ritonavir in adults with covid-19.
association of nirmatrelvir/ritonavir treatment with long covid symptoms in an online cohort of non-hospitalized individuals experiencing breakthrough sars-cov-2 infection in the omicron era.
a randomized, controlled clinical study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of gst-hg171 tablets in combination with ritonavir in adult subjects with mild/moderate covid-19.
brief report: retrospective evaluation on the efficacy of lopinavir/ritonavir and chloroquine to treat nonsevere covid-19 patients.
higher-dose fluvoxamine and time to sustained recovery in outpatients with covid-19: the activ-6 randomized clinical trial.
dual combined antiviral treatment with remdesivir and nirmatrelvir/ritonavir in patients with impaired humoral immunity and persistent sars-cov-2 infection.
effectiveness of molnupiravir treatment in patients with covid-19 in korea: a propensity score matched study.
possible nirmatrelvir/ritonavir-induced bradycardia in a patient with asymptomatic covid-19.
safety and effectiveness of molnupiravir (lagevrio®) capsules in japanese patients with covid-19: interim report of post-marketing surveillance in japan.
nirmatrelvir-ritonavir (paxlovid) for mild coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) in pregnancy and lactation.
real-world experience with favipiravir for treatment of covid-19 among indian healthcare professionals.
real-world effectiveness of nirmatrelvir in protecting long covid for outpatient adult patients - a large-scale observational cohort study from the recover initiative.
the effect of mocozift® syrup on patients with covid-19.
real-life comparison of mortality in patients with sars-cov-2 infection at risk for clinical progression treated with molnupiravir or nirmatrelvir plus ritonavir during the omicron era in italy: a nationwide, cohort study.
clinical outcomes of sotrovimab treatment in 10 high-risk patients with mild covid-19: a case series.
inhaled budesonide for covid-19 in people at higher risk of complications in the community: the uk national community randomi.
comparison of azvudine, molnupiravir, and nirmatrelvir/ritonavir in adult patients with mild-to-moderate covid-19: a retrospective cohort study.
chlorpheniramine nasal spray to accelerate covid-19 clinical recovery in an outpatient setting: accros-iii.
economic evaluation of nirmatrelvir/ritonavir among adults against hospitalization during the omicron dominated period in malaysia: a real-world evidence perspective.
erratum: effect of fluvoxamine vs placebo on time to sustained recovery in outpatients with mild to moderate covid-19: a randomized clinical trial (jama (2023) 329: 4 (296-305) doi: 10.1001/jama.2022.24100).
effectiveness of molnupiravir vs nirmatrelvir-ritonavir in non-hospitalised and hospitalised patients with covid-19: a target trial emulation study.
a phase 3 study of s-217622 targeting non-hospitalized participants.
successful treatment with high-dose colchicine of a 101-year-old patient diagnosed with covid-19 after an emergency cholecystectomy.
is it possible to reduce the rate of vertical transmission and improve perinatal outcomes by inclusion of remdesivir in treatment regimen of pregnant women with covid-19?.
what progress has been made in treatment of immunocompromised covid-19 patients?.
[neutralizing monoclonal antibodies in covid-19: a case series in general practice].
efficacy of nirmatrelvir and ritonavir for post-acute covid-19 sequelae beyond 3 months of sars-cov-2 infection.
longitudinal analysis of escape mutations in sars-cov-2 omicron variants after sotrovimab use in immunodeficient patients.
outpatient covid-19 convalescent plasma recipient antibody thresholds correlated to reduced hospitalizations within a randomized trial.
reprint of: evaluation of physicians prescribing of covid-19 guideline–directed outpatient treatments in a primary care walk-in clinic.
timing of corticosteroids in non-severe nonhospitalized covid-19 patients: open-label, two-center, randomized controlled study (tics-cov19 study).
simnotrelvir as a potential treatment for covid-19.
erratum: expression of concern – effect of early treatment with metformin on risk of emergency care and hospitalization among patients with covid-19: the together randomized platform clinical trial (the lancet regional health - americas (2022) 6, (s2667193x21001381), (10.1016/j.lana.2021.100142)).
remdesivir reduces mortality in hemato-oncology patients with covid-19.
ensitrelvir fumaric acid in patients with sars-cov-2: a retrospective chart review.
safety and effectiveness of regdanvimab for covid-19 treatment: a phase 4 post-marketing surveillance study conducted in south korea.
cost-effectiveness of oral nirmatrelvir/ritonavir in patients at high risk for progression to severe covid-19 in the united states.
predictors of sars-cov-2 omicron breakthrough infection after receipt of azd7442 (tixagevimab-cilgavimab) for pre-exposure prophylaxis among hematologic malignancy patients.
assessing antiviral treatment efficacy and risk factors for severe covid-19 in kidney transplant recipients during the omicron subvariant-dominant period: a retrospective study.
activ-6: covid-19 study of repurposed medications - arm e (fluvoxamine 100).
research evaluation of safety and impact in long covid intervention with ensitrelvir for national cohort efficacy - resilience study.
outpatient treatment with azd7442 (tixagevimab/cilgavimab) prevented covid-19 hospitalizations over 6 months and reduced symptom progression in the tackle randomized trial.
a descriptive, retrospective analysis of covid-19 passive antibody therapy and its effects on morbidity and mortality in patients receiving b-cell-depleting therapies.
initial experience with sars-cov-2-neutralizing monoclonal antibodies in kidney or combined kidney-pancreas transplant recipients.
comparison between available early antiviral treatments in outpatients with sars-cov-2 infection: a real-life study.
use of monoclonal antibodies therapy for treatment of mild to moderate covid-19 in 4 patients with rheumatologic disorders.
clinical and electrocardiographic outcomes evaluated by telemedicine of outpatients with clinical suspicion of covid-19 treated with chloroquine compounds in brazil†.
within-trial cost analysis of resource use from a phase 3 clinical trial evaluating sotrovimab for the treatment of covid-19 patients at high risk of progression.
using time weighted average change from baseline of sars-cov-2 viral load to assess impact of hydroxychloroquine (hcq) as post-exposure prophylaxis and early treatment for covid-19.
impact of the use of oral antiviral agents on the risk of hospitalization in community covid-19 patients.
tacrolimus drug-drug interaction with nirmatrelvir/ritonavir (paxlovid™) managed with phenytoin.
nirmatrelvir/ritonavir for patients with sars-cov-2 infection and impaired kidney function during the omicron surge.
nirmatrelvir/ritonavir for the treatment of immunocompromised adult patients with early-stage symptomatic covid-19: a real-life experience.
adverse events associated with nirmatrelvir/ritonavir: a pharmacovigilance analysis based on faers.
effectiveness of casirivimab and imdevimab, and sotrovimab during delta variant surge: a prospective cohort study and comparative effectiveness randomized trial.
clinical effectiveness of oral antiviral agents in older patients with covid-19 based on real-world data.
paxlovid long covid-19 prevention trial with recruitment in the community in norway.
symptoms, viral loads, and rebound among covid-19 outpatients treated with nirmatrelvir/ritonavir compared with propensity score-matched untreated individuals.
post-covid sequelae: from lung disease to long disease.
oral nirmatrelvir and ritonavir for coronavirus disease 2019 in vaccinated, nonhospitalized adults aged 18-50 years.
clinical effectiveness of nirmatrelvir plus ritonavir for patients with covid-19 and preexisting psychiatric disorders.
real life experience of molnupiravir as a treatment of sars-cov-2 infection in vaccinated and unvaccinated patients: a letter on its effectiveness at preventing hospitalization.
french pharmacovigilance survey of casirivimab - imdevimab monoclonal antibodies in coronavirus disease (covid-19).
non-randomized evaluation of hospitalization after a prescription for nirmatrelvir/ritonavir versus molnupiravir in high-risk covid-19 outpatients.
inflammatory profile of convalescent plasma to treat covid: impact of amotosalen/uva pathogen reduction technology.
reduction in the rate of mortality of moderate to severe covid 19 infected patients with the use of remdesivir - a tertiary care hospital-based retrospective observational study.
early 3‑day course of remdesivir for the prevention of the progression to severe covid‑19 in the elderly: a single‑centre, real‑life cohort study.
what is the efficacy of sotrovimab in reducing disease progression and death in people with covid-19 during the omicron era? answers from a real-life study.
a pilot study on paxlovid therapy for hemodialysis patients with severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 infections.
safety of azd7442 (tixagevimab/cilgavimab) for prevention of covid-19: 15-month final analysis of the provent phase 3 study.
early administration of nirmatrelvir/ritonavir leads to faster negative sars-cov-2 nasal swabs than monoclonal antibodies in covid 19 patients at high-risk for severe disease.
cocos trial: corticosteroids for covid-19-induced loss of smell-protocol for a single-centred, double-blind, randomised, placebo-controlled trial.
clinician perspectives on monoclonal antibody treatment for high-risk outpatients with covid-19: implications for implementation and equitable access.
metformin prevents the diagnosis of long covid in phase 3 trial of early treatment.
the efficacy of casirivimab/imdevimab in solid organ transplant recipients with mild-to-moderate covid-19.
real-world effectiveness of nirmatrelvir/ritonavir against covid-19 hospitalisations and severe covid-19 in community-dwelling elderly singaporeans during omicron ba.2, ba.4/5 and xbb transmission.
efficacy of combined covid-19 convalescent plasma with oral rna-dependent rna polymerase inhibitor treatment versus neutralizing monoclonal antibody therapy in covid-19 outpatients: a multi-center, non-inferiority, open-label randomized controlled trial (plasmab).
assessment of symptoms in comet-ice, a phase 2/3 study of sotrovimab for early treatment of non-hospitalized patients with covid-19.
comparative analysis of early covid-19 treatment efficacy in a multicentric regional cohort in italy: emulation of a series of target trials.
the role of convalescent plasma and hyperimmune immunoglobulins in the covid-19 pandemic, including implications for future preparedness.
oral simnotrelvir for adult patients with mild-to-moderate covid-19.
incidence of elevated liver enzyme levels in patients receiving remdesivir and its effective factors.
a study to learn about the use of paxlovid in patients with covid-19 in the kingdom of bahrain.
impact of molnupiravir treatment on patient-reported covid-19 symptoms in the phase 3 move-out trial: a randomized, placebo-controlled trial.
antihistamines as an early treatment for covid-19.
real-world effectiveness of ensitrelvir in reducing severe outcomes in outpatients at high risk for covid-19.
lower mortality risk associated with remdesivir + dexamethasone versus dexamethasone alone for the treatment of patients hospitalized for covid-19.
efficacy and safety of fixed combination of hydroxychloroquine with azithromycin versus hydroxychloroquine and placebo in patients with mild covid-19: randomized, double blind, placebo controlled trial.
covid-19 convalescent plasma therapy decreases inflammatory cytokines: a randomized controlled trial.
early initiation of remdesivir and its effect on oxygen desaturation: a clinical review study among high-risk covid-19 patients in myanmar.
hydroxychloroquine-azithromycin, doubase c, and qtc prolongation in congolese patients with covid-19: myth or reality?.
description and early results of the kaiser permanente southern california covid-19 home monitoring program.
pharmacometric assessment of the in-vivo antiviral activity of ivermectin in early symptomatic covid-19.
clinical outcomes following treatment for covid-19 with nirmatrelvir/ritonavir and molnupiravir among patients living in nursing homes.
cost-effectiveness of nirmatrelvir/ritonavir for high-risk adult outpatients with covid-19 in japan.
phenytoin enzyme induction for management of supratherapeutic tacrolimus levels due to drug-drug interaction with nirmatrelvir/ritonavir: case series and discussion.
dispensing of oral antiviral drugs for treatment of covid-19 by zip code-level social vulnerability - united states, december 23, 2021-may 21, 2022.
metformin does not reduce hospitalisation for covid-19.
oral antivirals for covid-19 among patients with cancer.
reduced viral shedding time in high-risk covid-19 patients infected by omicron and treated with paxlovid: a real-world study from china.
follow your nose: a key clue to understanding and treating covid-19.
sustained alleviation and resolution of targeted covid-19 symptoms with nirmatrelvir/ritonavir versus placebo.
use of sotrovimab in vaccinated versus unvaccinated covid-19 patients in a resource-limited emergency department during the omicron surge.
real-world experience of monoclonal antibodies in mild-to-moderate covid-19 patients at a tertiary care center.
outpatient convalescent plasma therapy for high-risk patients with early covid-19. a randomized placebo-controlled trial.
anti-inflammatory effects of dexamethasone in covid-19 patients: translational population pk/pd modeling and simulation.
real-world effectiveness of casirivimab plus indevimab in a dedicated ambulatory unit created for patients with early covid-19 during a massive delta variant wave.
monoclonal antibody treatment of covid-19 in a pregnant woman with common variable immunodeficiency.
the antiviral effect of nirmatrelvir/ritonavir during covid-19 pandemic real-world data.
effectiveness of subcutaneous monoclonal antibody treatment in emergency department outpatients with covid-19.
early high-titre convalescent plasma in clinically vulnerable individuals with mild covid-19.
efficacy and safety of convalescent plasma administration in patients with covid-19.
outpatient intravenous remdesivir to prevent progression to severe covid-19: an observational study from a greek hospital.
oral nirmatrelvir and ritonavir in non-hospitalized vaccinated patients with covid-19.
effect of nirmatrelvir/ritonavir versus placebo on covid-19─related hospitalizations and other medical visits.
therapeutic combinations in mild or moderate covid-19 to reduce nasopharyngeal carriage of sars-cov-2 and prevent severe covid-19 in côte d’ivoire: a pragmatic phase iib randomized controlled clinical trial. the anrs cov01 intense-cov trial.
metformin reduces sars-cov-2 in a phase 3 randomized placebo controlled clinical trial.
efficacy and safety of ivermectin in the treatment of mild-to-moderate covid-19 infection: a randomized, double blind, placebo, controlled trial.
analysis of sars-cov-2 emergent variants following azd7442 (tixagevimab/cilgavimab) for early outpatient treatment of covid-19 (tackle trial).
safety and efficacy of tixagevimab/cilgavimab for pre-exposure prophylaxis in kidney transplant recipients: a multicenter retrospective cohort study.
omicron sars-cov-2 infection management and outcomes in patients with hematologic disease and recipients of cell therapy.
the efficacy of colchicine as an adjunct therapy in non-hospitalized covid-19 patients: a randomized placebo-controlled trial.
a retrospective real-world study of early short-course remdesivir in non-hospitalized covid-19 patients at high risk for progression: low rate of hospitalization or death, regardless of immunocompetence status.
a comparison of the adverse effects and utility of different monoclonal antibodies for sars-cov-2: a retrospective cohort study.
kinetics of il-6, c-reactive protein and fibrinogen levels in covid-19 outpatients who evolved to hypoxemia.
evaluation of the tolerability of monoclonal antibody therapy for pregnant patients with covid-19.
real-world evaluation of early remdesivir in high-risk covid-19 outpatients during omicron including bq.1/bq.1.1/xbb.1.5.
efficacy of andrographis paniculata extract treatment in mild to moderate covid-19 patients being treated with favipiravir: a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled study (apfavi trial).
open multicenter study for assessment of efficacy and safety of molnupiravir in adult patients with covid-19.
favipiravir for treatment of outpatients with asymptomatic or uncomplicated covid-19: a double-blind randomized, placebo-controlled, phase 2 trial.
[immuno-inflammatory rheumatic diseases and covid-19: analysis of clinical outcomes according to the data of the register of patients of the novosibirsk region receiving therapy with genetically engineered biological drugs].
covid-19 outcomes among hematopoietic cell transplant and chimeric antigen receptor t-cell recipients in the era of sars-cov-2 omicron variants and covid-19 therapeutics.
a multicenter, single-blind, randomized, controlled clinical study evaluating the efficacy and safety of jt001 (vv116) compared to paxlovid for the early treatment of coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) in participants with mild to moderate covid-19.
remdesivir use in pregnancy during the sars-cov-2 pandemic.
prevalence of medical contraindications to nirmatrelvir/ritonavir in a cohort of hospitalized and nonhospitalized patients with covid-19.
use of a combined regimen of fluoxetine, prednisolone and ivermectin in the treatment of mild covid-19 to prevent disease progression progression in papua new guinea.
nirmatrelvir/ritonavir use and hospitalizations or death in previously uninfected non-hospitalized high-risk population with covid-19: a matched cohort study.
outpatient treatment of covid-19: an experience with 552 cases in mexico.
molnupiravir plus usual care versus usual care alone as early treatment for adults with covid-19 at increased risk of adverse outcomes (panoramic): preliminary analysis from the united kingdom randomised, controlled open-label, platform adaptive trial.
real-world use of nirmatrelvir-ritonavir in covid-19 outpatients during bq.1, bq.1.1., and xbb.1.5 predominant omicron variants in three u.s. health systems: a retrospective cohort study.
proportion of hospitalizations preventable with increased oral sars-cov-2 antiviral treatment.
comparative outcomes of lopinavir/ritonavir and hydroxychloroquine for the treatment of covid-19 with mild-to-moderate severity: a retrospective observational study.
sars-cov-2 viral load change in a randomized trial on three different early therapies.
pharmacokinetics of oral nirmatrelvir/ritonavir, a protease inhibitor for treatment of covid-19, in subjects with renal impairment.
effect of bamlanivimab as monotherapy or in combination with etesevimab or sotrovimab on persistently high viral load in patients with mild-to-moderate covid-19: a randomized, phase 2 blaze-4 trial.
the anti-coronavirus therapy (act) trials: design, baseline characteristics, and challenges.
a randomized trial of ivermectin 600 mcg/kg vs placebo in mild/ moderate covid-19.
nirmatrelvir or molnupiravir use and severe outcomes from omicron infections.
covid-19 early curative treatments in kidney transplant recipients: is it really reasonable at the omicron era?.
antibiotic utilization during covid-19: are we over-prescribing?.
effectiveness of paxlovid in reducing severe covid-19 and mortality in high risk patients.
efficacy and safety of 5-day oral ensitrelvir for patients with mild to moderate covid-19 the scorpio-sr randomized clinical trial.
association of increased fluvoxamine use with reports of benefit for covid.
transient adverse events after regn-cov2 administration for mild covid-19 patients and their potential predictive factors: a single center analysis.
comparative effectiveness of sotrovimab versus no treatment in non-hospitalised high-risk patients with covid-19 in north west london: aretrospective cohort study using the discover dataset.
molnupiravir outpatient treatment for adults with covid-19 in a real-world setting-a single center experience.
intramuscular versus intravenous sars-cov-2 neutralizing antibody sotrovimab for treatment of covid-19 (comet-tail): a randomized non-inferiority clinical trial.
nirmatrelvir/ritonavir and remdesivir against symptomatic treatment in high-risk covid-19 outpatients to prevent hospitalization or death during the omicron era: a propensity score-matched study.
epidemiology, clinical presentation and treatment outcomes in patients with covid-19 in an ambulatory setting: a cross sectional study during the massive sars-cov-2 wave in india.
paxlovid for treating covid-19 patients: a case-control study from two hospitals in the eastern province of saudi arabia.
case report of covid-19 infection after kidney transplant treated with casirivimab-imdevimab and mycophenolate mofetil changed to everolimus.
molnupiravir treatment for covid-19 in people at higher risk in the community: outcomes from the panoramic randomised controlled trial at three and six months.
chlorpheniramine intranasal spray (0.4[percnt]) to accelerate covid-19 clinical recovery in an outpatient setting: accros iii.
incidence of symptoms associated with post-acute sequelae of sars-cov-2 infection in non-hospitalized vaccinated patients receiving nirmatrelvir-ritonavir.
evaluation of patients treated by telemedicine in the beginning of the covid-19 pandemic in são paulo, brazil: a non-randomized clinical trial preliminary study.
outpatient treatment of covid-19 and incidence of post-covid-19 condition over 10 months (covid-out): a multicentre, randomised, quadruple-blind, parallel-group, phase 3 trial.
mild sars-cov-2 infection in vulnerable patients: implementation of a clinical pathway for early treatment.
remdesivir prescription in pregnant women infected with covid-19: a report of compassionate use.
convalescent plasma for treatment of severe covid-19: rationale and designing of a randomized, open-label clinical trial of convalescent plasma compared to best supportive care (capsid trial).
antiviral activities of sotrovimab against bq.1.1 and xbb.1.5 in sera of treated patients.
casirivimab + imdevimab accelerates symptom resolution linked to improved covid-19 outcomes across susceptible antibody and risk profiles.
risk factors for progression to acute respiratory failure after casirivimab and imdevimab administration: a retrospective study.
assessment of recovery time, worsening and death, among covid-19 inpatients and outpatients, under treatment with hydroxychloroquine or chloroquine plus azithromycin combination in burkina faso.
sars-cov-2 infection in solid organ transplant recipients: experience with molnupiravir.
anti-sars-cov-2 pharmacotherapies among nonhospitalized us veterans, january 2022 to january 2023.
chlorpheniramine nasal spray to accelerate covid-19 clinical recovery in an outpatient setting: accros-i.
does nirmatrelvir/ritonavir influence the immune response against sars-cov-2, independently from rebound?.
use of combined treatment of 3rd-generation cephalosporin, azithromycin and antiviral agents on moderate sars-cov-2 patients in south korea: a retrospective cohort study.
effectiveness and safety of nirmatrelvir-ritonavir in kidney transplant recipients with severe kidney dysfunction infected with covid-19.
the impact of repeated rapid test strategies on the effectiveness of at-home antiviral treatments for sars-cov-2.
molnupiravir and risk of hospital admission or death in adults with covid-19: emulation of a randomized target trial using electronic health records.
mortality and risk factors of vaccinated and unvaccinated covid-19 frail patients treated with anti-sars-cov-2 monoclonal antibodies. a real-world study.
a randomised, multi-centre, double-blind, phase 3 study to observe the effectiveness, safety and tolerability of molnupiravir compared to placebo administered orally to high-risk adult outpatients with mild covid-19 receiving local standard of care in south africa.
open-label, head-to-head, randomized, controlled clinical study of molnupiravir capsules and paxlovid tablets in patients with mild and general type of covid-19 in high-risk populations.
efficacy and safety of molnupiravir for the treatment of non-hospitalized adults with mild covid-19: a randomized, open-label, parallel-group phase 3 trial.
study of gst-hg171/ritonavir compared with placebo in patients with mild to moderate covid-19.
ciprofloxacin-resistant pseudomonas aeruginosa lung abscess complicating covid-19 treated with the novel oral fluoroquinolone delafloxacin.
assessment of unvaccinated and vaccinated patients with coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) treated with monoclonal antibodies during the delta wave (july 1-august 20, 2021): a retrospective observational monocentric study.
time to negative pcr conversion among high-risk patients with mild-to-moderate omicron ba.1 and ba.2 covid-19 treated by sotrovimab or nirmatrelvir.
favipiravir treatment in non-severe covid-19: promising results from multicenter propensity score-matched study (favicov).
effectiveness of regdanvimab treatment for sars-cov-2 delta variant, which exhibited decreased in vitro activity: a nationwide real-world multicenter cohort study.
open multicentre study of the safety and efficacy against covid-19 of nirmatrelvir/ritonavir in the adult population.
efficacy of sotrovimab (sot), molnupiravir (mol), and nirmatrelvir/ritponavir (n/r) and tolerability of molnupiravir in outpatients at high risk for severe covid-19.
oral fluvoxamine with inhaled budesonide for treatment of early-onset covid-19 : a randomized platform trial.
characterisation of sars-cov-2 genomic variations in response to molnupiravir treatment in the agile phase iia clinical trial.
a decentralized, randomized phase 2 efficacy and safety study of nirmatrelvir/ritonavir in adults with long covid.
a schedule for tapering glucocorticoid treatment in patients with severe sars-cov 2 infection can prevent acute adrenal insufficiency in the geriatric population.
investigator-initiated clinical trial on the effect of fluvoxamine to prevent exacerbation of covid-19.
mortality and severity of coronavirus disease 2019 in patients with long-term glucocorticoid therapy: a korean nationwide cohort study.
physiologically-based pharmacokinetic modeling-guided dose management of oral anticoagulants when initiating nirmatrelvir/ritonavir (paxlovid) for covid-19 treatment.
metformin use is associated with a decrease in risk of hospitalization and mortality in covid-19 diabetic patients: a population-based study in lombardy.
evaluation of physicians prescribing of covid-19 guideline-directed outpatient treatments in a primary care walk-in clinic.
efficacy and safety of remdesivir in covid-19 positive dialysis patients.
trial to evaluate nitazoxanide for treatment of mild or moderate covid-19 in subjects at high risk of severe illness.
the efficacy of vv116 in treatment of non-early moderate covid-19: a multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial.
efficacy and safety of antiviral plus anti-spike monoclonal antibody combination therapy versus monotherapy for high-risk immunocompromised patients with mild to moderate sars-cov2 infection during omicron era. a prospective cohort study.
covid-19 convalescent plasma boosts early antibody titer and does not influence the adaptive immune response.
outcomes of high-risk adult outpatients treated with early remdesivir therapy during the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (sars-cov-2) omicron era: experiences from the national centre of hungary.
consistent effects of early remdesivir on symptoms and disease progression across at-risk outpatient subgroups: treatment effect heterogeneity in pinetree study.
efficacy and safety of gst-hg171 in adult patients with mild to moderate covid-19: a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase 2/3 trial.
a randomized trial to assess the acceleration of viral clearance by the combination favipiravir/ivermectin/niclosamide in mild-to-moderate covid-19 adult patients (fincov).
a international multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, phase ?/? clinical study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of gst-hg171/ritonavir in patients with mild to moderate covid-19.
one week of oral camostat versus placebo in non-hospitalized adults with mild-to-moderate covid-19: a randomized controlled phase 2 trial.
effectiveness and adverse events of nirmatrelvir/ritonavir versus molnupiravir for covid-19 in outpatient setting: multicenter prospective observational study.
evaluation of the efficacy and safety of molnupiravir treatment in mild/moderate covid-19 patients.
vaccine plasma for the treatment of covid-19 infection.
short-term inhalation of sargramostim with concomitant high-dose steroids does not hasten recovery in moderate covid-19 pneumonia: a double-blind, randomised, placebo-controlled trial.
[the impact of antidepressants on covid-19 and post-acute covid-19 syndrome: a scoping-review update].
tocilizumab, netakimab, and baricitinib in patients with mild-to-moderate covid-19: a retrospective cohort study.
metformin reduced sars-cov-2 viral load in a phase 3 randomized clinical trial.
high levels of soluble rage are associated with a greater risk of mortality in covid-19 patients treated with dexamethasone.
insights from a community-based survey on factors influencing acceptance and uptake of paxlovid (nirmatrelvir and ritonavir) as a covid-19 antiviral medication in singapore.
another monoclonal antibody granted eua to treat covid-19.
efficacy and safety of ivermectin in patients with mild covid-19 in japan and thailand.
tixagevimab/cilgavimab as sars-cov-2 pre-exposure prophylaxis in lung transplant recipients during the omicron wave: a real-world monocentric experience.
a case report of severe hyponatremia secondary to paxlovid-induced siadh.
non-inferiority trial on treatments in early covid-19.
early antibody treatment, inflammation, and risk of post-covid conditions.
a comprehensive molecular and clinical investigation of approved anti-hcv drugs repurposing against sars-cov-2 infection: a glaring gap between benchside and bedside medicine.
a systematic review of nirmatrelvir/ritonavir and molnupiravir for the treatment of coronavirus disease 2019.
early treatment with low-molecular-weight heparin reduces mortality rate in sars-cov-2 patients.
anti-inflammatory drug algorithm for covid-19 home treatment.
a clinical study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of sim0417 orally co-administered with ritonavir in symptomatic adult participants with mild to moderate covid-19.
[use of a combination of the virus-neutralizing monoclonal antibodies casirivimab and imdevimab for mild to moderate covid-19 in patients at high risk of progression: results of the non-interventional observational study].
prevention of post covid-19 condition by early treatment with ensitrelvir in the phase 3 scorpio-sr trial.
a unifying model to explain frequent sars-cov-2 rebound after nirmatrelvir treatment and limited prophylactic efficacy.
nirmatrelvir/ritonavir use in pregnant women with sars-cov-2 omicron infection: a target trial emulation.
a retrospective cohort study on early antibiotic use in vaccinated and unvaccinated covid-19 patients.
trends, regional variation and clinical characteristics of recipients of antivirals and neutralising monoclonal antibodies for non-hospitalised covid-19: a descriptive cohort study of 23.4 million people in opensafely.
early 3-day course of remdesivir in vaccinated outpatients with sars-cov-2 infection. a success story.
a study to learn about the study medicine (nirmatrelvir plus ritonavir) in pregnant women with covid-19.
comparing the effectiveness of molnupiravir and nirmatrelvir-ritonavir in non-hospitalized and hospitalized covid-19 patients with type 2 diabetes: a target trial emulation study.
effectiveness of oral nirmatrelvir/ritonavir vs. intravenous three-day remdesivir in preventing progression to severe covid-19: a single-center, prospective, comparative, real-life study.
antiviral efficacy of fluoxetine in early symptomatic covid-19: an open-label, randomised, controlled, adaptive platform trial (platcov).
effective early strategy to prevent olfactory and gustatory dysfunction in covid-19: a randomized controlled trial.
treatment-emergent cilgavimab resistance was uncommon in vaccinated omicron ba.4/5 outpatients.
exploring the use of monoclonal antibodies and antiviral therapies for early treatment of covid-19 outpatients in a real-world setting: a nationwide study from england and italy.
strategies used for the covid-out decentralized trial of outpatient treatment of sars-cov-2.
a prospective cohort study of covid-19: evaluation of the early role of il-1 and il-6 antagonists in improving the outcome of the illness and reduction in the risk of death.
efficacy of combination therapy of fluvoxamine and favipiravir versus favipiravir monotherapy to prevent severe covid-19 among mild to moderate covid-19 patients: open-label randomized controlled trial (effaco study).
clinical effectiveness of regdanvimab treatment for mild to moderate covid-19: a retrospective cohort study.
remdesevir antiviral therapy in pregnant women with covid-19.
use of oral antivirals ritonavir-nirmatrelvir and molnupiravir in patients with multiple myeloma is associated with low rates of severe covid-19: a single-center, prospective study.
receipt of anti-sars-cov-2 pharmacotherapies among non-hospitalized u.s. veterans with covid-19, january 2022 to january 2023.
intramuscular vs intravenous sars-cov-2 neutralizing antibody sotrovimab for treatment of covid-19 (comet-tail): a randomized noninferiority clinical trial.
impact of saline irrigations in nonhospitalized patients with covid-19.
passive immunotherapy in patients with sars cov-2.
effectiveness of budesonide formoterol fixed-dose combination mdi in reducing cough symptoms in covid-19 patients: a real-world evidence study.
impact of the use of oral antiviral agents on the risk of hospitalisation in community covid-19 patients.
characteristics and outcomes of patients with covid-19 at high risk of disease progression receiving sotrovimab, oral antivirals or no treatment in scotland.
the effect of dexamethasone treatment on covid-19 prognosis in cancer patients.
convalescent plasma with a high level of virus-specific antibody effectively neutralizes sars-cov-2 variants of concern.
safety and efficacy of combined tixagevimab and cilgavimab administered intramuscularly or intravenously in nonhospitalized patients with covid-19: 2 randomized clinical trials.
a study to compare s-217622 with placebo in non-hospitalized participants with covid-19.
nirmatrelvir/ritonavir (paxlovid) use among individuals at risk of severe covid-19: an analysis of the national covid cohort collaborative (n3c).
efficacy of montelukast in treating covid-19 a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled study.
clinical antiviral efficacy of favipiravir in early covid-19 (platcov): an open-label, randomised, controlled, adaptive platform trial.
molnupiravir use and 30-day hospitalizations or death in a previously uninfected nonhospitalized high-risk population with covid-19.
efficacy of nirmatrelvir/ritonavir in reducing the risk of severe outcome in patients with sars-cov-2 infection: a real-life full-matched case-control study (savalo study).
an open-label, randomized, controlled trial to evaluate the efficacy of convalescent plasma therapy for covid-19.
molnupiravir versus favipiravir in at-risk outpatients with covid-19: a randomized controlled trial in thailand.
covid-19 clinical rebound after treatment with nirmatrelvir/ritonavir.
drug prescriptions in the outpatient management of covid-19: evidence-based recommendations versus real practice.
linear mixed model analysis to evaluate correlations between remdesivir adverse effects with age and gender of patients with mild covid-19 pneumonia.
efficacy and safety evaluation of paxlovid for covid-19: a real-world case-control study.
efficacy and safety of jt001 (vv116) compared with paxlovid.
randomized controlled study to compare the efficacy and safety of recombinant whole human monoclonal antibody injection (f61 injection) in the treatment of moderate novel coronavirus pneumonia (covid-19) patients with progression to severe risk factors.
the impact of early therapies for covid-19 on death, hospitalization and persisting symptoms: a retrospective study.
comparative effectiveness of sotrovimab versus no treatment in non-hospitalised high-risk covid-19 patients in north west london: a retrospective cohort study.
antiviral efficacy of molnupiravir versus ritonavir-boosted nirmatrelvir in patients with early symptomatic covid-19 (platcov): an open-label, phase 2, randomised, controlled, adaptive trial.
early treatment with fluvoxamine, bromhexine, cyproheptadine, and niclosamide to prevent clinical deterioration in patients with symptomatic covid-19: a randomized clinical trial.
monoclonal antibodies against sars-cov-2 to prevent covid-19 worsening in a large multicenter cohort.
effectiveness of molnupiravir for treating covid-19 in patients with psychiatric disorders.
cost-utility analysis of molnupiravir for high-risk, community-based adults with covid-19: the panoramic trial.
randomized controlled trial of molnupiravir sars-cov-2 viral and antibody response in at-risk adult outpatients.
immunotherapy with anti-sars-cov-2 neutralyzing f(ab´)2 antibodies from equine serum in the treatment of out-patients with bilateral covid-19 pneumonia.
unveiling therapeutic dynamics: an in-depth comparative analysis of neutralizing monoclonal antibodies and favipiravir in alleviating covid-19 outpatients impacts among middle-aged and special populations (ma-fast).
efficacy and safety of inhaled ciclesonide in treating patients with asymptomatic or mild covid-19 in the racco trial: protocol for a multicenter, open-label, randomized controlled trial.
resistance analysis following sotrovimab treatment in participants with covid-19 during the phase iii comet-ice study.
a unifying model to explain high nirmatrelvir therapeutic efficacy against sars-cov-2, despite low post-exposure prophylaxis efficacy and frequent viral rebound.
real-world study on effectiveness of molnupiravir and nirmatrelvir-ritonavir in unvaccinated patients with chronic respiratory diseases with confirmed sars-cov-2 infection managed in out-patient setting.
early remdesivir to prevent severe covid-19 in recipients of solid organ transplant: a real-life study from northern italy.
nirmatrelvir for vaccinated or unvaccinated adult outpatients with covid-19.
evaluation of ssd8432 and ritonavir in adult subjects with covid-19 clinical study.
a study to learn about a repeat 5-day treatment with nirmatrelvir/ritonavir in people with return of covid-19 symptoms and sars-cov-2 positivity after finishing treatment with nirmatrelvir/ritonavir.
effectiveness of colchicine among patients with covid-19 infection: a randomised, open labelled, clinical trial.
clinical risk and outpatient therapy utilization for covid-19 in the medicare population.
efficacy and safety of oral antivirals in individuals aged 80 years or older with mild-to-moderate covid-19: preliminary report from an italian prescriber center.
antiviral efficacy of ray1216 monotherapy and combination therapy with ritonavir in patients with covid-19: a phase 2, single centre, randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
a randomized trial to assess the acceleration of viral clearance by the combination favipiravir-ivermectin-niclosamide in mild-to-moderate covid-19 adult patients.
early combination therapy of covid-19 in high-risk patients.
covid-19 clinical features and outcome in italian patients treated with biological drugs targeting type 2 inflammation.
effect of ivermectin 600 mcg/kg for 6 days vs placebo on time to sustained recovery in outpatients with mild to moderate covid-19: a randomized clinical trial.
reply to "successful early use of anti-sars-cov-2 monoclonal neutralizing antibodies in sars-cov-2 infected hematological patients - a czech multicenter experience ": a case series of sars-cov-2 omicron infection and aggressive lymphoma in the sotrovimab era.
activ-6: covid-19 study of repurposed medications - arm d (ivermectin 600).
kidney transplant recipients and omicron: outcomes, effect of vaccines and the efficacy and safety of novel treatments.
a multicenter, open-label, randomized controlled phase ii study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of inhaled ciclesonide for asymptomatic and mild patients with covid-19.
molnupiravir use and severe covid-19 outcomes during the omicron surge.
efficacy of nirmatrelvir-ritonavir versus azvudine for covid-19 treatment in tibet: a retrospective study.
high dose ivermectin for the early treatment of covid-19 (cover study): a randomised, double-blind, multicentre, phase ii, dose-finding, proof of concept clinical trial.
pre-exposure prophylaxis with tixagevimab/cilgavimab for coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) during the omicron ba.5 wave at a single institution in japan.
leritrelvir for the treatment of mild or moderate covid-19 without co-administered ritonavir: a multicentre randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase 3 trial.
evaluation of the efficacy and safety of co-trimoxazole in patients with covid-19.
outcome of lung transplant recipients infected with sars-cov-2/omicron/b.1.1.529: a nationwide german study.
the effectiveness of oral anti-sars-cov-2 agents in non-hospitalized covid-19 patients with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease: a retrospective study.
risk of hospitalization and sequelae in patients with covid-19 treated with 3-day early remdesivir vs. controls in the vaccine and omicron era: a real-life cohort study.
: clinical outcomes after use of inhaled corticosteroids or oral steroids in a covid-19 telemedicine clinic cohort: a retrospective chart review.
efficacy and tolerability of sotrovimab, molnupiravir and nirmatrelvir/ritonavir for non-hospitalized patients at high risk for covid-19: a retrospective, single-center analysis.
early clinical experience with nirmatrelvir/ritonavir for treatment of covid-19 in solid organ transplant recipients.
impact of vaccination and early monoclonal antibody therapy on covid-19 outcomes in organ transplant recipients during the omicron wave.
real-world experience of the comparative effectiveness and safety of molnupiravir and nirmatrelvir/ritonavir in high-risk patients with covid-19 in a community setting.
sars-cov-2 antiviral prescribing gaps among nonhospitalized high-risk adults.
nirmatrelvir/ritonavir: efficacy, safety and drug monitoring in a real-life cohort of outpatient liver transplant recipients.
adaptive platform treatment trial for outpatients with covid-19 (adapt out covid).
the real-world clinical outcomes of favipiravir treatment with telemedicine monitoring in preventing disease progression in mild to moderate covid-19 patients.
early treatment with monoclonal antibodies or convalescent plasma reduces mortality in non-vaccinated covid-19 high-risk patients.
effect of colchicine and aspirin given together in patients with moderate covid-19.
efficacy of early treatment with favipiravir on disease progression among high-risk patients with coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19): a randomized, open-label clinical trial.
effectiveness of molnupiravir in high risk patients: a propensity score matched analysis.
outpatients prescribed with fluvoxamine around the time of covid-19 diagnosis are not at a reduced risk of subsequent hospitalization and death compared to their non-prescribed peers: population-based matched cohort study.
effect of higher-dose fluvoxamine vs placebo on time to sustained recovery in outpatients with mild to moderate covid-19: a randomized clinical trial.
efficacy of molnupiravir in reducing the risk of severe outcome in patients with sars-cov-2 infection: a real-life full-matched case-control study (savalo study).
impact analysis of sars-cov-2 vaccination in patients treated with monoclonal antibodies: a monocentric experience.
comparative effectiveness of nirmatrelvir/ritonavir versus sotrovimab and molnupiravir for preventing severe covid-19 outcomes in non-hospitalised high-risk patients during omicron waves: observational cohort study using the opensafely platform.
effectiveness of sotrovimab and molnupiravir in community settings in england across the omicron ba.1 and ba.2 sublineages: emulated target trials using the opensafely platform.
the effectiveness of novel oral antiviral treatment for non-hospitalized high-risk patients with covid-19 during predominance of omicron xbb subvariants.
remdesivir and sars-cov-2 monoclonal antibodies to prevent covid-19 progression in hematological patients: an observational study.
a study survey on molnupiravir treatment in covid-19 patients at home in ninh thuan province, vietnam.
azithromycin use and outcomes in covid-19 patients: an observational real-world study.
spike protein genetic evolution in patients at high-risk of severe covid-19 treated by monoclonal antibodies.
efficacy and safety of hydroxychloroquine for treatment of mild sars-cov-2 infection and prevention of covid-19 severity in pregnant and postpartum women: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
evaluation of the efficacy and safety of nirmatrelvir/ritonavir co-administration inpatients with rheumatic disease infected with sars-cov-2: a real-world study.
activ-6: covid-19 study of repurposed medications - arm b (fluvoxamine).
corticosteroid nasal irrigation as early treatment of olfactory dysfunction in covid-19: a prospective randomized controlled trial.
safety, efficacy and pharmacokinetics of azd7442 (tixagevimab/cilgavimab) for treatment of mild-to-moderate covid-19: 15-month final analysis of the tackle trial.
even one dose of tocilizumab could hinder bad prognosis of cytokines storm in covid-19 patients.
tixagevimab and cilgavimab (evusheld™) prophylaxis prevents breakthrough covid-19 infections in immunosuppressed population: 6-month prospective study.
favipiravir for covid-19 in adults in the community in principle, an open-label, randomised, controlled, adaptive platform trial of short- and longer-term outcomes.
clinical effectiveness of oral antiviral agents for treating non-hospitalized covid-19 patients with chronic kidney disease.
effectiveness of nirmatrelvir/ritonavir (paxlovid®) in preventing hospitalisation and death among covid-19 patients: a prospective cohort study.
platform adaptive trial of novel antivirals for early treatment of covid-19 in the community (panoramic): protocol for a randomised, controlled, open-label, adaptive platform trial of community novel antiviral treatment of covid-19 in people at increased risk of more severe disease.
inhaled ciclesonide does not affect production of antibodies or elimination of virus in patients with covid-19: subanalysis of a multicenter, open-label randomized trial.
effect of convalescent plasma therapy on mortality in moderate-to-severely ill covid-19 patients.
early, very high-titre convalescent plasma therapy in clinically vulnerable individuals with mild covid-19 (covic-19): protocol for a randomised, open-label trial.
efficacy and safety of tixagevimab/cilgavimab as passive immunisation against covid-19 infections in patients with hematological malignancies.
hyaluronan in covid-19 morbidity, a bedside-to-bench approach to understand 1 mechanisms and long-term consequences of hyaluronan.
pharmacometrics of high dose ivermectin in early covid-19: an open label, randomized, controlled adaptive platform trial (platcov).
mepolizumab as a potential protective factor of covid-19 mortality: a case report of chronic bronchitis and asthma in an elderly patient.
real-world efficacy of regdanvimab on clinical outcomes in patients with mild to moderate covid-19.
trends, variation, and clinical characteristics of recipients of antiviral drugs and neutralising monoclonal antibodies for covid-19 in community settings: retrospective, descriptive cohort study of 23.4 million people in opensafely.
neutralizing monoclonal antibody treatment reduces hospitalization for mild and moderate coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19): a real-world experience.
efficacy and safety of ensitrelvir for asymptomatic or mild covid-19: an exploratory analysis of a multicenter, randomized, phase 2b/3 clinical trial.
factors associated with the speed and scope of diffusion of covid-19 therapeutics in a nationwide healthcare setting: a mixed-methods investigation.
rapid selection of sotrovimab escape variants in sars-cov-2 omicron infected immunocompromised patients.
hospital at home treatment with remdesivir for patients with covid-19: real life experience.
comparison of safety and efficacy between nirmatrelvir-ritonavir and molnupiravir in the treatment of covid-19 infection in patients with advanced kidney disease: a retrospective observational study.
clinical outcomes and considerations in outpatient with covid-19 receiving remdesivir therapy.
clinical effectiveness of molnupiravir in covid-19 patients undergoing hemodialysis.
patient-reported outcomes in covid-19 treatment with monoclonal antibodies reveal benefits in return to usual activities.
characteristics and outcomes of patients with covid-19 at high risk of disease progression receiving sotrovimab, oral antivirals, or no treatment: a retrospective cohort study.
molnupiravir real-world utilization in covid-19 patients in the czech republic.
outpatients prescribed with fluvoxamine around the time of covid-19 diagnosis are not at a reduced risk of subsequent hospitalization and death compared to their non-prescribed peers: population- based matched cohort study.
a cost-effectiveness analysis of molnupiravir and paxlovid in three african countries.
a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled design phase 2 clinical trial to comparatively evaluate the efficacy and safety of cp-cov03 in patients with mild or moderate covid-19.
clinical effectiveness of nirmatrelvir plus ritonavir in the treatment of covid-19 in patients with cirrhosis.
coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) in heart transplant recipients and anti-sars-cov-2 monoclonal antibodies: experience, lessons learnt, and future challenges.
health outcomes 3 months and 6 months after molnupiravir treatment for covid-19 for people at higher risk in the community (panoramic): a randomised controlled trial.
clinical efficacy of the neutralizing antibody therapy sotrovimab in patients with sars-cov-2 omicron ba.1 and ba.2 subvariant infections.
ischaemic stroke occurring in a patient treated with monoclonal antibodies for covid-19.
real-life comparison of mortality in non-hospitalised patients with sars-cov-2 infection at risk for clinical progression treated with molnupiravir or nirmatrevir plus ritonavir during the omicron era in italy: a nationwide, observational study.
outcomes of targeted treatment in immunocompromised patients with asymptomatic or mild covid-19: a retrospective study.
neutralizing monoclonal antibody use and covid-19 infection outcomes.
evaluation of outpatient treatment for non-hospitalised patients with covid-19: the experience of a regional centre in the uk.
efficacy and safety of ivermectin in patients with mild and moderate covid-19: a randomized controlled trial.
the efficacy of vv116 in treatment of non-early moderate covid-19: a multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial (event ii study).
activ-6: covid-19 study of repurposed medications - arm a (ivermectin 400).
comparison of the efficacy and safety of atazanavir/ritonavir plus hydroxychloroquine with lopinavir/ritonavir plus hydroxychloroquine in patients with moderate covid-19, a randomized, double-blind clinical trial.
doxycycline vs hydroxychloroquine + azithromycin in the management of covid-19 patients: an open-label randomized clinical trial in sub-saharan africa (doxycov).
comparative effectiveness of sotrovimab and molnupiravir for preventing severe covid-19 outcomes in patients on kidney replacement therapy: observational study using the opensafely-ukrr and srr databases.
pharmacokinetics of favipiravir in adults with mild covid-19 in thailand.
the association between nirmatrelvir plus ritonavir and the outcomes of nonhospitalized obese patients with covid-19.
adherence to application technique of inhaled corticosteroid in patients with asthma and covid-19 improves outcomes.
hydroxychloroquine as pre-exposure prophylaxis against covid-19 infection among healthcare workers: a prospective cohort study.
the standard of care combined with glucocorticoid in elderly people with mild or moderate covid-19.
non-inferiority trial on monoclonal antibodies in covid-19.
convalescent plasma reduces mortality and decreases hospitalization stay in patients with moderate covid-19 pneumonia.
activ-6: operationalizing a decentralized, outpatient randomized platform trial to evaluate efficacy of repurposed medicines for covid-19.
convalescent plasma to treat covid-19: a randomized double blind 2 centers trial.
real-world effectiveness of sotrovimab in preventing hospitalization and mortality in high-risk patients with covid-19 in the united states: a cohort study from the mayo clinic electronic health records.
safety and efficacy of pre-exposure prophylaxis with tixagevimab/cilgavimab (evusheld) in patients with glomerular diseases who received rituximab.
physician characteristics associated with antiviral prescriptions for older adults with covid-19 in japan: an observational study.
effectiveness of oral antiviral agents on long-term cardiovascular risk in nonhospitalized patients with covid-19: a multicenter matched cohort study.
phase iii trial of molnupiravir in adults with mild sars-cov-2 infection in india.
effectiveness of remdesivir-based therapy for moderate covid-19: comparison of omicron and other variant phases.
molnupiravir's real-world effectiveness in covid-19 outpatients at high risk of severe disease: a single-center study.
real-world effectiveness of nirmatrelvir/ritonavir on covid-19-associated hospitalization prevention: a population-based cohort study in the province of quebec, canada.
effect of systemic corticosteroid on pulmonary function and survival of severe covid-19 with copd.
molnupiravir's real-world effectiveness in covid-19 non-hospitalized patients at high risk of severe disease: a single-center study.
regen-cov antibody combination in outpatients with covid-19 - phase 1/2 results.
a randomized trial on early therapy in covid-19 high-risk outpatients in omicron era.
do rheumatic diseases, long-term glucocorticoids, and immunosuppressant treatment, and vaccination impact the covid-19 severity? insight from a retrospective cohort study.
ivermectin to prevent sars-cov-2 (covid-19) hospitalisation in subjects over 50.
a randomized clinical trial testing hydroxychloroquine for reduction of sars-cov-2 viral shedding and hospitalization in early outpatient covid-19 infection.
real-world effectiveness of sotrovimab for the early treatment of covid-19: evidence from the us national covid cohort collaborative (n3c).
the stop covid 2 study: fluvoxamine vs placebo for outpatients with symptomatic covid-19, a fully remote randomized controlled trial.
[analysis of clinical characteristics of 362 vaccinated or unvaccinated patients infected by novel coronavirus omicron variant].
the effect of adding nebulized low molecular weight heparin to the treatment of outpatients with covid 19.
prognostic comparison of covid-19 outpatients and inpatients treated with remdesivr: a retrospective cohort study.
efficacy and safety of sim0417 (ssd8432) plus ritonavir for covid-19 treatment: a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, phase 1b trial.
early experience with modified dose nirmatrelvir/ritonavir in dialysis patients with coronavirus disease-2019.
clinical outcome and 7-day virological clearance in high-risk patients with mild–moderate covid-19 treated with molnupiravir, nirmatrelvir/ritonavir, or remdesivir.
favorable antiviral effect of metformin on severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 viral load in a randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial of coronavirus disease 2019.
effect of subcutaneous casirivimab and imdevimab antibody combination vs placebo on development of symptomatic covid-19 in early asymptomatic sars-cov-2 infection: a randomized clinical trial.
early remdesivir to prevent severe covid-19 in solid organ transplant recipients: a real-life study from northern italy.
potential of outpatient steroid therapy in elderly patients with early covid-19.
methylprednisolone is associated with viral rna shedding in covid-19 patients from a multicenter study.
rebound phenomenon after nirmatrelvir/ritonavir treatment of coronavirus disease-2019 in high-risk persons.
one week of oral camostat versus placebo in nonhospitalized adults with mild-to-moderate coronavirus disease 2019: a randomized controlled phase 2 trial.
in outpatients with mild to moderate covid-19, low-dose fluvoxamine did not reduce time to sustained recovery.
clinical antiviral efficacy of favipiravir in early covid-19 (platcov): an open- label, randomised, controlled adaptive platform trial.
a phase iii randomized, open-label, multicenter study to determine the safety and efficacy of different monoclonal antibodies (moabs) to sars-cov-2 for the early treatment of covid-19 in non-hospitalized adults.
[the efficacy and safety of lopinavir/ritonavir and arbidol in patients with coronavirus disease 2019].
covid-19 hospitalization risk after outpatient nirmatrelvir/ritonavir use, january to august 2022, north carolina.
trial to evaluate nitazoxanide for treatment of mild covid-19 in subjects not at high risk of severe illness.
real-life comparison of antivirals for sars-cov-2 omicron infection in patients with hematologic malignancies.
population pharmacokinetics and exposure-response analysis of sotrovimab in the early treatment of covid-19.
real-world effectiveness and safety of nirmatrelvir-ritonavir (paxlovid)-treated for covid-19 patients with onset of more than five days: a retrospective cohort study.
efficacy and safety of anti-sars-cov-2 antiviral agents and monoclonal antibodies in patients with sle: a case-control study.
transfusion reactions associated with covid-19 convalescent plasma in outpatient clinical trials.
outpatient treatment with concomitant vaccine-boosted convalescent plasma for patients with immunosuppression and covid-19.
preliminary evidence of good safety profile and outcomes of early treatment with tixagevimab/cilgavimab compared to previously employed monoclonal antibodies for covid-19 in immunocompromised patients.
evolving real-world effectiveness of monoclonal antibodies for treatment of covid-19 : a cohort study.
efficacy and safety of guduchighana vati in asymptomatic and mild-to-moderate cases of coronavirus disease-19: a randomized controlled pilot study.
outcomes after early treatment with hydroxychloroquine and azithromycin: an analysis of a database of 30,423 covid-19 patients.
physiologically based pharmacokinetic modelling-guided dose management of oral anticoagulants when initiating paxlovid for covid-19 treatment.
edoxaban and/or colchicine in outpatients with covid-19: rationale and design of the convince trial.
comparable outcomes of outpatient remdesivir and sotrovimab among high-risk patients with mild to moderate covid-19 during the omicron ba.1 surge.
oral antiviral treatments for covid-19 during severe connective tissue disease flares: report of two cases.
outcomes of bebtelovimab therapy in patients with solid organ transplantation with mild and moderate covid-19.
inhaled fluticasone furoate for outpatient treatment of covid-19.
pre-exposure prophylaxis with tixagevimab and cilgavimab (evusheld©) for covid-19 among 1112 severely immunocompromised patients.
single dose of ivermectin is not useful in patients with hematological disorders and covid-19 illness: a phase ii b open labelled randomized controlled trial.
safety and efficacy of sab-185 for non-hospitalized adults with covid-19: a randomized clinical trial.
a multicenter, single-blind, randomized, controlled trial evaluating the sars-cov-2 rebound rate after full-course treatment of jt001 (vv116) compared to paxlovid for the early treatment of mild to moderate coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19).
there are 3 target papers found during the search in pubmed!.
in the end, 3 target papers were left after filtering!.
false positive rate: 0.7014652014652014.

Included target articles are as follow:
molnupiravir plus usual care versus usual care alone as early treatment for adults with covid-19 at increased risk of adverse outcomes (panoramic): an open-label, platform-adaptive randomised controlled trial.
effect of higher-dose ivermectin for 6 days vs placebo on time to sustained recovery in outpatients with covid-19: a randomized clinical trial.
change in effectiveness of sotrovimab for preventing hospitalization and mortality for at-risk covid-19 outpatients during an omicron ba.1 and ba.1.1-predominant phase.
real-world use of nirmatrelvir-ritonavir in outpatients with covid-19 during the era of omicron variants including ba.4 and ba.5 in colorado, usa: a retrospective cohort study.
real-world effectiveness of molnupiravir and nirmatrelvir plus ritonavir against mortality, hospitalisation, and in-hospital outcomes among community-dwelling, ambulatory patients with confirmed sars-cov-2 infection during the omicron wave in hong kong: an observational study.
paxlovid associated with decreased hospitalization rate among adults with covid-19 - united states, april-september 2022.
population-based evaluation of the effectiveness of nirmatrelvir-ritonavir for reducing hospital admissions and mortality from covid-19.
nirmatrelvir use and severe covid-19 outcomes during the omicron surge.
