Quercetin suppress microglial neuroinflammatory response and induce antidepressent-like effect in olfactory bulbectomized rats; In rodents, olfactory bulbectomy (OBX) results in several behavioral and biochemical changes, useful as a screening model for antidepressants. Recent evidences suggest that quercetin; a bioflavonoid exhibits a variety of behavioral effects including anxiolytic, antidepressant, etc. Since microglia are commonly implicated in the neuroinflammation cascade of depression, we hypothesized that quercetin might involve microglial inhibition pathway in its antidepressant-like effects. To support such a possibility, we investigated the interaction of quercetin with a known microglial inhibitor (minocycline) against OBX-induced depression in male Wistar rats. In our study, ablation of olfactory bulbs caused hyperactivity in open field arena and increased immobility time in forced swim test (FST) which was coupled with enhanced serum corticosterone levels. Additionally, there were increased oxidative-nitrosative stress markers, inflammatory mediators (tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α) and interleukin-6 (IL-6)) along with enhanced apoptotic factor (caspase-3) in both cerebral cortex and hippocampal brain regions of OBX animals. These results were further supported by reports from histopathological analysis. After a surgical recovery period of 2. weeks, treatment with quercetin (40, 80. mg/kg; per oral (p.o.) p.o., 14. days) significantly prevented OBX-induced behavioral, biochemical, molecular and histopathological alterations. Further, combination of sub effective doses of quercetin (20, 40. mg/kg; p.o.) with minocycline (25. mg/kg; p.o.) significantly potentiated their protective effects as compared to their effects alone. Based on our results, we propose that microglial inhibitory pathway might be involved in the neuroprotective effects of quercetin and suppression of oxidative-nitrosative stress mediated neuroinflammation-apoptotic cascade associated with OBX rat model of depression. © 2013 IBRO. ER  - 
TLR2 stimulation induces cardiac inflammation but not cardiac depression in vivo ©2013 Boehm et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.; Background: Bacteria such as Staphylococcus aureus induce myocardial dysfunction in vivo. To rectify conflicting evidence about the role of TLR2 signaling and cardiac dysfunction, we hypothesized that the specific TLR2 agonist purified lipoteichoic acid (LTA) from S. aureus contributes to cardiac dysfunction in vitro and in vivo. Methods. Wildtype (WT-) and TLR2-deficient (TLR2-D) mice were challenged with LTA and in comparison with equivalent doses of lipopolysaccharide (LPS) and CpG-oligodeoxynucleotide (CpG-ODN). TLR2-expression, NFκB as well as cytokine response were determined. Sarcomere shortening of isolated cardiomyocytes was analyzed in vitro and cardiac function in vivo after stimulation with LTA. Results: LTA induced up-regulation of TLR2 mRNA, activation of NFκB and cytokine expression within 2-6 h in WT-, but not in TLR2-D hearts. Cytokines were also elevated in the serum. LPS and CpG-ODN induced a more severe cardiac inflammation. In vitro incubation of cardiomyocytes with LTA reduced sarcomere shortening via NO at stimulation frequencies ≤ 8 Hz only in WT cells. However, hemodynamic parameters in vivo were not affected by LTA challenge. Conclusions: LTA induced cardiac inflammation was relatively weak and sarcomere shortening was reduced only below physiological heart rates. This may explain the apparent contradiction between the in vivo and in vitro LTA effects. © 2013 Boehm et al.;licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
All-trans retinoic acid-induced hypothalamus-pituitary-adrenal hyperactivity involves glucocorticoid receptor dysregulation; Clinical reports have highlighted a role for retinoids in the etiology of mood disorders. Although we had shown that recruitment of the nuclear receptor retinoic acid receptor (RAR) to corticotropin-releasing hormone (CRH) promoter is implicated in activation of the hypothalamus-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis, further insight into how retinoids modulate HPA axis activity is lacking. Here we show that all-trans retinoic acid (RA)-induced HPA activation involves impairments in glucocorticoid receptor (GR) negative feedback. RA was applied to rats chronically through intracerebroventricular injection. A 19-day RA exposure induced potent HPA axis activation and typical depression-like behavior. Dexamethasone failed to suppress basal corticosterone (CORT) secretion, which is indicative of a disturbed GR negative feedback. In the hypothalamic paraventricular nucleus, increased CRH + and c-fos + cells were found while a negative R-2 +/ER + correlation was present between the number of RAR + and GR + cells. This was paralleled by increased RAR and decreased GR protein expression in the hypothalamus. Additional in vitro studies confirmed that RA abolished GR-mediated glucocorticoid-induced suppression of CRH expression, indicating a negative cross-talk between RAR and GR signaling pathways. Finally, the above changes could be rapidly normalized by treatment with GR antagonist mifepristone. We conclude that in addition to the 'classic' RAR-mediated transcriptional control of CRH expression, disturbances in GR negative feedback constitute a novel pathway that underlies RA-induced HPA axis hyperactivity. The rapid normalization by mifepristone may be of potential clinical interest in this respect. © 2013 Macmillan Publishers Limited. ER  - 
Ala54Thr Fatty Acid-Binding Protein 2 (FABP2) polymorphism in recurrent depression: Associations with fatty acid concentrations and waist circumference; Background: Fatty acid (FA)-alterations may mediate the mutual association between Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) and cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, etiology of observed FA-alterations in MDD and CVD remains largely unclear. An interesting candidate may be a mutation in the fatty acid-binding protein 2 (FABP2)-gene, because it regulates dietary FA-uptake. Therefore, we aimed to test the hypotheses that in MDD-patients the FABP2 Ala54Thr- polymorphism would be (I) more prevalent than in sex- and age-matched controls, (II) associated with observed alterations in FA-metabolism, and (III) associated with CVD-risk factor waist circumference. Methods: We measured concentrations of 29 different erythrocyte FAs, FABP2-genotype, and waist circumference in recurrent MDD-patients and matched never-depressed controls. Results: FABP2-genotype distribution did not significantly differ between the 137 MDD-patients and 73 matched controls. However, patients with the Ala54Thr-polymorphism had (I) higher concentrations of especially eicosadienoic acid (C20:2ω6; P=.009) and other 20-carbon FAs, and associated (II) lower waist circumference (P=.019). In addition, FABP2-genotype effects on waist circumference in patients seemed (I) mediated by its effect on C20:2ω6, and (II) different from controls. Conclusions: Although Ala54Thr-polymorphism distribution was not associated with recurrent MDD, our results indicate that FABP2 may play a role in the explanation of observed FA-alterations in MDD. For Ala54Thr-polymorphism patients, potentially adaptive conversion of increased bioavailable dietary precursors into eicosadienoic acid instead of arachidonic acid might be related to a low waist circumference. Because this is the first investigation of these associations, replication is warranted, preferably by nutrigenetic studies applying lipidomics and detailed dietary assessment. © 2013 Mocking et al. ER  - 
A novel urinary metabolite signature for diagnosing major depressive disorder; Major depressive disorder (MDD) is a prevalent and debilitating mental disorder. Yet, there are no objective biomarkers available to support diagnostic laboratory testing for this disease. Here, gas chromatography-mass spectrometry was applied to urine metabolic profiling of 126 MDD and 134 control subjects. Orthogonal partial least-squares discriminant analysis (OPLS-DA) was used to identify the differential metabolites in MDD subjects relative to healthy controls. The OPLS-DA analysis of data from training samples (82 first-episode, drug-naÏve MDD subjects and 82 well-matched healthy controls) showed that the depressed group was significantly distinguishable from the control group. Totally, 23 differential urinary metabolites responsible for the discrimination between the two groups were identified. Postanalysis, 6 of the 23 metabolites (sorbitol, uric acid, azelaic acid, quinolinic acid, hippuric acid, and tyrosine) were defined as candidate diagnostic biomarkers for MDD. Receiver operating characteristic analysis of combined levels of these six biomarkers yielded an area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC) of 0.905 in distinguishing training samples; this simplified metabolite signature classified blinded test samples (44 MDD subjects and 52 healthy controls) with an AUC of 0.837. Furthermore, a composite panel by the addition of previously identified urine biomarker (N-methylnicotinamide) to this biomarker panel achieved a more satisfactory accuracy, yielding an AUC of 0.909 in the training samples and 0.917 in the test samples. Taken together, these results suggest this composite urinary metabolite signature should facilitate development of a urine-based diagnostic test for MDD. © 2013 American Chemical Society. ER  - 
Antiviral activity of interferon-γ involved in impaired immune function in infectious diseases; Pro-inflammatory cytokines like interferon-γ (IFN-γ) play dominant roles in pathophysiologic conditions like infections, cardiovascular and neurodegenerative disorders and autoimmune syndromes. As part of its antimicrobial and immunomodulatory armature, the tryptophan-degrading enzyme indoleamine (2,3)-dioxygenase (IDO) is mainly up-regulated in dendritic cells (DCs) and phagocytes by pro-inflammatory stimuli, most notably IFN-γ. By the breakdown of the essential amino acid l-tryptophan along the kynurenine pathway, IDO plays a key role in the inhibition of cell proliferation including that of activated T cells, thereby supporting immune tolerance in mammalian pregnancy, tumor development, allergic inflammation and allotransplantation. IFN-γ-induced tryptophan deprivation also seems to be involved in the pathogenesis of anemia and cachexia when erythroid progenitor cells suffer from insufficient amino acid supply or when protein biosynthesis of the organism is restricted by diminished tryptophan availability. This biochemical cascade seems also to be involved in the production of potentially neurotoxic tryptophan catabolites such as quinolinic acid, which ultimately leads to the development of neuropsychiatric symptoms like cognitive impairment and depression especially in patients suffering from severe and chronic infections. © 2013 by Walter de Gruyter Berlin Boston. ER  - 
Neuroinflammation in animal models of fatigue; We have developed various animal models of neuroinflammation and fatigue. Here, two types of models using rats are introduced: one is a model of central fatigue obtained by excessive depolarizing stimuli to the central nervous system (CNS); another is that of immunological fatigue obtained by intraperitoneal injection of polyriboinosinic:polyribocytidylic acid (poly I:C), double-stranded RNA, which mimics viral infection. In the central fatigue model, we introduced cortical spreading depression (SD), the propagation of neuronal membrane depolarization throughout the cerebral cortex. Prostaglandins (PG) including PGD2 were produced by COX-2 expression in neurons in the cortex following SD. In such a model, the amount of non-rapid eye movement (non-REM) sleep, but not of REM sleep, subsequently increased for several hours. The increase in non-REM sleep was completely attenuated by application of NS-398, a COX-2 inhibitor, indicating that non-REM sleep was induced by the production of prostaglandins in the brain. This system is thought to relieve excessive brain activity by inducing resting behavior and non-REM sleep. In the immunological fatigue model, intraperitoneal administration of poly I:C, a synthetic double-stranded RNA, induced transient fever and suppression of locomotor activity in rats. We have demonstrated that interleukin (IL)-1β expression was up-regulated in various brain regions, and that intracerebroventricular infusion of IL-1 receptor antagonist significantly attenuated the poly I:C-induced fatigue-like behavior. Pretreatment with minocycline, a potent suppressor of neuroinflammation in CNS, nullified the suppressive effect on locomotor activity by poly I:C injection. The balance of IL-1β and the endogenous antagonist in the brain possibly regulate neuroinflammation and fatigue-like behavior. © 2013 - IOS Press. ER  - 
Ferulic acid increases pain threshold and ameliorates depression-like behaviors in reserpine-treated mice: Behavioral and neurobiological analyses; Depression-pain dyad involves a series of pathological changes including the dysfunction of neuroendocrine and immune networks. Depression and pain influence each other, but the mechanisms are still obscure. The present study aimed to investigate the effect of ferulic acid (FA) on reserpine-induced pain and depression-like behaviors in mice. The results showed that reserpine (1 mg/kg for 3 days, i.p.) led to a significant decrease in nociceptive threshold in thermal hyperalgesia and mechanical allodynia, as well as a significant increase in the immobility time in mouse models of despair test. The neurochemical assays suggested the decreased neurotransmitters (dopamine, norepinephrine and serotonin) along with the increased oxidative stress, inflammatory cytokines, and apoptotic parameters in the frontal cortex and hippocampus of the reserpinised mice. Treatment with FA (40 or 80 mg/kg, p.o.) reversed the behavioral abnormalities and decreased norepinephrine, serotonin and dopamine levels in the hippocampus and frontal cortex induced by reserpine. The higher dose of FA effectively antagonized the oxidative and nitrosative stress and inflammation as evidenced by down-regulated nitrite, LPO, IL-1β, TNF-α, and up-regulated GSH and SOD. Furthermore, FA produced a dose dependent decrease in substance P, NF-κβ p65 and caspase-3 levels in the frontal cortex and hippocampus of reserpinised mice. The findings suggest that FA exerts the effects on reserpine-induced pain and depression-like behaviors through regulating monoaminergic system, oxidative/antioxidant defense, inflammatory and apoptotic signaling pathways. Understanding the mechanism by which FA ameliorates depression and pain as a multi-targeted compound could open new avenues for the development of innovative treatments for depression coupled with pain. © 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York. ER  - 
Common non-epigenetic drugs as epigenetic modulators; Epigenetic effects are exerted by a variety of factors and evidence increases that common drugs such as opioids, cannabinoids, valproic acid, or cytostatics may induce alterations in DNA methylation patterns or histone conformations. These effects occur via chemical structural interactions with epigenetic enzymes, through interactions with DNA repair mechanisms. Computational predictions indicate that one-twentieth of all drugs might potentially interact with human histone deacetylase, which was prospectively experimentally verified for the compound with the highest predicted interaction probability. These epigenetic effects add to wanted and unwanted drug effects, contributing to mechanisms of drug resistance or disease-related and unrelated phenotypes. Because epigenetic changes might be transmitted to offspring, the need for reliable and cost-effective epigenetic screening tools becomes acute. © 2013 Elsevier Ltd. ER  - 
Moxifloxacin induced brief psychotic episode: A case report; Quinolones are broad-spectrum antibiotics used for the treatment of several infectious diseases. Although they are frequently used due to high bioavailability and good safety, they may have psychiatric and neurological side effects such as depression, delirium, psychosis and convulsions. There have been published reports of delirium related with ciprofloxacin, gatifloxacin, yet according to our knowledge, there is no report implicating moxifloxacin as a contributor to psychosis. We present a 60 years old female patient, who was admitted to hospital with high fever, cough and fatigue. Moxifloxacin treatment was started with the diagnosis of atypical pneumonia. Disorganised speech, disturbances in perception and thought occurred on moxifloxacin treatment and resolved 3 days after withdrawal of moxifloxacin. ER  - 
Increased risk of cardiovaskuler risk factors in psychiatric disorders; Objective Panic disorder, schizophreina and major depressive disorders are mental disorders that the mechanisms underlying the pathophysiology are not well understood. Nitric oxide (NO) is a gas considered to play an important role in mediating anxiety and stress response in the body and brain. Homocysteine is an amino acid which naturally synthesized in the human body. Elevated levels of homocysteine are found to be related to cardiovascular risk factors and neurodegenerative diseases. In this study our aim is to examine NO, platelet aggregation and Hcy levels in panic disorder and depressive patients Material and Methods 19 panic disorder, 20 schizophreina and 18 major depressive patients were included in this study. NO levels were measured by Griess method spectrophotometrically, platelet aggregation levels were measured by aggregometer and homocysteine levels were measured by HPLC. Results We found NO levels were decreased signifi cantly in both patient group than in control subjects ( P <0.05). Homocysteine and platelet aggregation levels were significantly elevated in patients group than in control group ( P <0.05). Conclusion Nitric oxide is an endothelium derived relaxing factor that is important for blood pressure. We know that elevated homocysteine levels and platelet aggregation are risk factors for cardiovascular diseases. As a result of this study we conclude that cardovascular risk of panic disorder, schizophrenic and depresive patients are increased. ER  - 
Transcriptional signatures related to glucose and lipid metabolism predict treatment response to the tumor necrosis factor antagonist infliximab in patients with treatment-resistant depression; Background: The tumor necrosis factor (TNF) antagonist infliximab was recently found to reduce depressive symptoms in patients with increased baseline inflammation as reflected by a plasma C-reactive protein concentration 45 mg/L. The current study was designed to further explore genetic predictors and targets of response to infliximab. Methods: Differential gene expression was examined in peripheral blood mononuclear cells from infliximab responders (n=13) versus non-responders (n=14) compared to placebo at baseline and 6hr and 24hr and 2 weeks after the first infliximab infusion. Treatment response was defined as 50% reduction in depressive symptoms at any point during the 12-week trial. Results: One-hundred-forty-eight gene transcripts were significantly associated (1.2 fold, adjusted p≤0.01) with response to infliximab and were distinct from placebo responders. Although there were no differences in infliximab responders and non-responders in body mass index or the presence of manifest metabolic disorders, transcripts predictive of infliximab response were associated with gluconeogenesis and cholesterol transport, and were enriched in a network regulated by hepatocyte nuclear factor (HNF)4- alpha, a transcription factor involved in gluconeogenesis and cholesterol and lipid homeostasis. Of the 148 transcripts differentially expressed at baseline, 48% were significantly regulated over time in infliximab responders, including genes related to gluconeogenesis and the HNF4-alpha network, indicating that these predictive genes were responsive to inflximab. Responders also demonstrated inhibition of genes related to apoptosis through TNF signaling at 6hr and 24hr after infusion. Transcripts down-regulated in responders 2 weeks after infliximab were related to innate immune signaling and nuclear factor-kappa B. Conclusions: Baseline transcriptional signatures reflective of alterations in glucose and lipid metabolism and potential incipient processes related to the metabolic syndrome predicted antidepressant response to infliximab, and infliximab response involved regulation of metabolic genes and inhibition of genes related to innate immune activation. ER  - 
Testing the cytokine hypothesis of depression: Trials and tribulations; Background: To determine whether inhibition of the inflammatory cytokine tumor necrosis factor (TNF) reduces depressive symptoms in patients with treatment resistant depression (TRD) and whether increased baseline plasma inflammatory biomarkers predict treatment response, we conducted a randomized double-blind, placebo-controlled trial in 60 medically-stable outpatients with TRD. Methods: Patients were administered 3 infusions of the TNF antagonist infliximab (5mg/kg)(n=30) or placebo (n=30) over 12 weeks. Depression was assessed using the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D-17). Results: No difference in change of HAM-D-17 scores between treatment groups across time was found. However, there was a significant interaction between treatment, time and log baseline c-reactive protein (CRP)(p=0.01), with change in HAM-D-17 scores (Baseline to Week 12) favoring infliximab-treated patients with a baseline CRP>5mg/L. Indeed, patients with a baseline CRP>5 mg/L exhibited a treatment response (≥50% reduction in HAM-D-17 at any point during treatment) of 62% (8/13) in the infliximab group versus 33% (3/9) in placebo-treated patients. In addition, baseline concentrations of TNF-alpha and its soluble receptors were significantly higher in infliximabtreated responders versus non-responders (p5 mg/L had a 10-fold higher concentration of CRP in the CSF than patients with a plasma CRP. Conclusions: Further studies are required to determine whether the efficacy of biologic TNF antagonists is dependent on inflammation-induced influences on BBB permeability. Nevertheless, the data suggest that TNF antagonism may improve depressive symptoms in patients with high baseline inflammatory biomarkers. ER  - 
Exploring side effects similarity as a novel approach for inferring shared mechanisms and targets among antidepressant and anti-inflammatory drugs; Background: It has been suggested that similarity in drug side effect profiles reflects a similarity in drug targets or pathways (Science (2008); 321(5886): 263-266). As such, this provides a new dimension to explore in the context of identifying new indications for drug targets and pathways. The crosstalk between the immune system and depression has become an increasingly important area of interest. Multiple studies have shown that subsets of patients with major depressive disorder (MDD) have elevated levels of inflammatory cytokines such as CRP, TNF-α and IL-6. Further, prolonged treatment with cytokines such as IFN-a has been reported to induce depressive symptoms. While drugs targeting the immune system have been proposed to have an effect on mood, a large-scale empirical study of mechanistic similarity between anti-inflammatory and antidepressant drugs based on clinical read-outs has not been published. Here we explore the space of approved drugs by comparing the drug side effect profiles of known antidepressants and drugs targeting the immune system. Methods: We measured the side effect similarities between 996 drugs in the Sider2 database based on drug label and between 1730 drugs in the FDA adverse event reporting system (AERS) database capturing postmarketing information. Weighted cosine similarity was calculated for each drug pair based on their side effect profiles in Sider2 with uncommon side effects weighted higher than more common ones. For drug-drug similarities based on AERS database, we used the cosine similarity matrix published by Takarabe et al (Bioinformatics (2012); 28(18): i611-i618). Clustering and drug-drug similarity networks generated based on the angular distance calculated from cosine similarity matrix were then analyzed to identify the close neighbors of antidepressants. Results: Clustering of drugs revealed that the tricyclic antidepressants (TCA) formed a cluster distinct from other classes of antidepressants such as selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRI). Tramadol and Pregabalin, two non-antidepressants reported to be helpful in relieving depressive symptoms, were clustered together with SSRIs based on their side effect profiles. Further exploration of the side effect similarity network revealed multiple Cox inhibitors as close neighbors of SSRIs. One of the Cox-2 inhibitors, Celecoxib, has shown positive results in treating depression in multiple studies. Other Cox inhibitors with similar side effect profiles to antidepressants may be worth further study to test their potential as antidepressants. Another group of anti-inflammatory drugs showing high side effect similarity to antidepressants were glucocorticoids, supporting the idea that the glucocorticoid receptor may play a critical role in depression and antidepressant treatment. Also sharing high side effect similarities with antidepressants were interferon and Montelukast, a leukotriene antagonist, which are known to induce depression in some patients. The number of drugs targeting TNF-α and interleukins were very limited in the side effect databases. However, antidepressants Duloxetine and Pramipexolewere seen as close neighbors to TNF-α inhibitors Certolizumab and Lenalidomide in the side effect similarity network, respectively. Conclusions: Our results indicate putative target/pathwaysharing between antidepressants and some anti-inflammatory drugs and support the idea that certain antiinflammatory drugs may be helpful in relieving depressive symptoms. Side effect profile-based drug-drug similarity is particularly informative, since the side effect profile is a clinically meaningful measurement that results directly from a drug intervention in humans. However, it is only one of the many potential factors to use in computing drug similarity. Furthermore, certain drug structure specific side effects may be not directly relevant to interactions between a drug and its targets and thus can introduce noise to the analysis. Therefore, to further clarify the mechanistic similarities between antidepressants and drugs targeting the immune response system, analysis of additional drug similarity metrics based on drug structure, treatmentelicited gene expression signatures, pathway enrichment, and protein-protein interaction networks are ongoing. ER  - 
Evidence for a novel role of acid sensing ion channel, ASIC1a in the molecular biology of mood and anxiety; Background: The acid sensing ion channel ASIC1a is highly expressed in the CNS, especially in limbic regions. Although brain pH is well buffered, it could be transiently lowered locally at the synapse during synaptic activity since neurotransmitter vesicles are maintained at a pH of about 5.5. In addition, several endogenous potentiators of ASIC1a exist, such as nitric oxide, corticosterone, cytokines, dynorphin, and arachidonic acid. Interestingly, many of these molecules have been implicated in mood disorders. Furthermore, human MRS studies suggest that lower brain pH occurs in patients with mood disorders. ASIC1a blockade causes an elevation of activated, phospho-ERK in cortical neurons; similar effects are known to be induced by BDNF, acute ketamine treatment, and chronic lithium or valproate treatment. Altogether, this suggests that an overactive ASIC1a channel could contribute to mood disorders. Indeed, ASIC1a was upregulated in post-mortem depressed brain and preclinical data suggest that the knockout (KO) have an antidepressant- and anxiolytic- like phenotype. The aim of the present study was to confirm and expand on these findings. Methods: The acid sensitivity of and effect of psalmotoxin-1 (PcTx1) on mouse ASIC1a (mASIC1a) were studied using QPatch electrophysiology. Wild type (WT) and fully backcrossed ASIC1 KO mice, and effects of PcTx1 treatment were studied in a battery of depression, mania, or anxiety related tests including the tail suspension, social interaction in novel chamber under bright light, amphetamine-induced hyperactivity and sensitization, and lipopolysaccharide (LPS, a bacteria endotoxin)-induced behavioral despair and pleasure seeking deficit paradigms. Results: mASIC1a currents were activated with a pH50 of 6.6. PcTx1 blocked acid-induced currents with an IC50 of ∼1 nM. PcTx1 significantly reduced the immobility times in the tail suspension test (TST). KO mice displayed significant lower immobility compared to those of WT, an effect additive with the anti-immobility effects of imipramine. LPS induced significant increases in immobility times and a reduction of sexual pleasure seeking activities in the female urine sniffing test. KO mice treated with LPS were similar to non-LPS treated control WT mice. KO mice displayed significant more social activity in the social interaction test. The KO had a slightly, but significantly, decreased sensitized amphetamine response on day 5. Conclusions: Our data replicate that PcTx1 is a potent ASIC1a antagonist and can produce anti-depressant-like effects in the TST, a behavioral effect that can also be induced by ketamine, scopolamine, and lithium. KO mice also displayed anti-depressant-like effects in the TST. These data further indicate that the anti-depressant-like effects of PcTx1 and ASIC1a gene deletion are unlikely due to off target effect of PcTx1 or developmental effects of ASIC1a gene deletion. Recent data showed that ketamine can reverse LPSinduced increases in behavioral despair and reduction in pleasure seeking activity. Given the concern on the theoretical and predictive validities surrounding the TST, we further examined anti-depression-like activity of ASIC1a deletion in the LPS model and found that the deletion effectively reduced the level of behavioral despair and reduction of pleasure seeking activity. Considering that LPS causes cytokine elevation and that cytokines stimulate ASIC1a activity, our KO data suggest a notion that ASIC1a is one of the sufficient mediators in LPS-induced depression-like deficits. KO mice displayed more social interaction in an anxiety-provocative condition (bright lighting), suggesting that ASIC1a might also be involved in fear and anxiety. Amphetamine-induced locomotor sensitization is considered to simulate the pathogenesis process of bipolar/mania. We found that ASIC1a deletion produced modest calming effects in this model. Thus, the clinical observations, confirmed previous preclinical findings, and new evidences from our current studies are coherent support for the role of ASIC1a in the mood regulation. ER  - 
Inflammation, depression and N-3 fatty acids: A case of personalized medicine; Background: The heterogeneity of psychiatric syndromes such as Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) is a significant obstacle to the development of new therapies. We postulated that biomarkers of inflammation may delineate a more homogeneous population of subjects with MDD and that those subjects would be more responsive to N-3 fatty acid monotherapy. Methods: We measured at baseline 5 biomarkers of inflammation (hs-CRP, IL-6, IL-1RA, leptin, adiponectin) in a cohort of 174 subjects with MDD who participated in a double-blind placebo-controlled trial of monotherapy with either 1 gram/day eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) or 1 gram/ day docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). The Hamilton Depression Rating Scale was the primary outcome measure. Results: All 5 markers of inflammation were correlated (or inversely correlated foradiponectin) with p<0.003 significant levels. Sixty-eight subjects had 1positive (increased level for IL-1RA, IL-6, hs-CRP, leptin and decreasedadiponectin) markers of inflammation; 59 subjects had 2 positive markers ofinflammation; 37 subjects had 3 positive markers of inflammation; 21 subjectshad 4 positive markers of inflammation and 11 subjects had positive of all 5markers of inflammation. The treatmenteffect size difference between EPA and placebo increased significantly as theprevalence of positive inflammatory markers increased: 0 markers: ES + 1.03; 1marker: ESF0.27; 2 markers: ESF0.67; 3-5 markers: ES- .67; 4-5 markers: ES -1.11. Conclusions: In this proof of concept study, we used biomarkers of inflammation to define an increasingly homogeneous group of subjects. Subjects with MDD who had 2 or more positive markers of inflammation demonstrated a moderate to large ES difference between EPA and placebo monotherapy. This suggests the importance of measuring multiple biomarkers of inflammation simultaneously in order to better characterize one's study population. ER  - 
Antidepressant and anti-inflammatory properties in the action of agomelatine; Background: Agomelatine is a novel antidepressant molecule approved by the European Medicines Agency in 2009 and now registered in 88 countries, with a unique receptor profile different from all other antidepressants used acting as a MT1/MT2 melatonergic agonist and 5-HT2C receptor antagonist. The antidepressant properties of this drug have been shown in different animal models and rely on the ability to regulate several systems known to be altered in depression. Indeed, through a synergistic activity between melatonergic and 5HT2C receptors agomelatine regulates neurogenesis and neurotrophic-related mechanisms. In addition, agomelatine is able to resynchronize disturbed circadian rhythms which are modified in depressed patients. More recently, growing evidence suggests that the activation of the inflammatory/immune system contributes to depression pathogenesis. Accordingly, aim of this work was to evaluate the effect of agomelatine on systems that at molecular and functional level might be relevant for the relationship and mutual modulation of depression and inflammation. Methods: Adult male rats received agomelatine (40 mg/kg, p.o.) or vehicle for 21 days before being challenged with an acute injection of lipopolysaccharide LPS (250 mg/kg; i.p.) 16 h after the last drug administration. Rats were sacrificed 2, 6, or 24 h after the inflammatory challenge, in order to establish the ability of agomelatine to interfere with the initial (2-6 h) or the later phase (24 h) of the inflammatory response. Real time PCR was used for gene expression analyses at central levels whereas ELISA was employed for protein analyses at central and plasma level. Results: Our results demonstrate that agomelatine attenuates the inflammatory response induced by LPS injection, showing for the first time in vivo that chronic agomelatine treatment may affect different components of the immune/ inflammatory system. Specifically, we found that agomelatine significantly reduced the LPS-induced up-regulation of pro-inflammatory cytokines (IL-1b and IL-6) in the brain as well as in periphery and was able to regulate microglia activation caused by the inflammatory challenge. Indeed, the antidepressant limited the LPS-induced up-regulation of the marker for this cellular phenotype CD11b, with a parallel increase of CD68, suggesting the induction of active phagocytosis that might contribute to the anti-inflammatory property of agomelatine. The attenuation of microglia activation by agomelatine involves neuron-glia cross-talk. Indeed, LPS reduced the expression of neuronal CX3CL1 thus leading to increased microglia activation, an effect normalized by agomelatine. In addition, we found that agomelatine was also able to alter basal and LPS-induced changes of the kynurenine pathway, which represents a point of convergence between inflammatory and neurotransmitter defects associated with depression. In particular, agomelatine prevented the LPS-dependent increase of KMO and was also able to reduce per se the expression of this enzyme. Given that KMO converts kynurenine to quinolinic acid, an N-Methyl-D-aspartate agonist, it is feasible to postulate that diminished KMO expression after agomelatine reduces NMDA receptor activation, which may also relevant for antidepressant properties. Preliminary data shown that agomelatine, acutely, is also able to modulate LPS-induced pro-inflammatory cytokines increase. Conclusions: In summary, our results provide novel evidence on the ability of the antidepressant agomelatine to interfere with molecular systems involved in inflamma- tory response. Since, in a translational perspective, inflammation may contribute to the development of depression in a significant number of patients and may be responsible for residual symptoms that impair or limit clinical remission, we suggest that the ability of agomelatine to modulate or interfere with immune/inflammatory system may represent an add-on value for its therapeutic activity. ER  - 
2013 ACR/ARHP Annual Meeting Late-Breaking Abstracts; The proceedings contain 20 papers. The topics discussed include: efficacy and safety of CT-P13 (infliximab biosimilar) over two years in patients with rheumatoid arthritis: comparison between continued CT-P13 and switching from infliximab to CT-P13; proteome-wide analysis and CXCL4 as a pathogenic biomarker in systemic sclerosis; a phase 2b, 12-week study of VX-509, an oral selective Janus kinase 3 inhibitor, in combination with background methotrexate in rheumatoid arthritis; apremilast in the treatment of DMARD-naïve psoriatic arthritis patients: results of a phase 3 randomized, controlled trial (PALACE 4); improvement in high density lipoprotein function in early rheumatoid arthritis patients treated with methotrexate monotherapy or combination therapy in the treatment of early rheumatoid arthritis trial; and efficacy and safety of pregabalin in patients with fibromyalgia and co-morbid depression receiving concurrent antidepressant therapy: a randomized, 2-way crossover, double-blind, placebo-controlled study. ER  - 
Gray matter volume, cognition, corticosteroids and inflammation: Further evidence of brain involvement in pediatric crohn's disease; BACKGROUND: Several disease and treatment factors in pediatric Crohn's disease (CD) carry the potential to affect the brain and associated cognitive and emotional development. These include intestinal and systemic inflammation during active disease as well as anti-inflammatory treatments such as corticosteroids which have known neurotoxicity. In adults with CD, structural brain changes have been recently documented for both gray and white matter, particularly in fronto-limbic and subcortical regions-areas mediating both cognitive and emotional functions. Very little is known in pediatric CD. We previously demonstrated decreased white matter integrity in temporo-limbic fiber tracts in children with CD compared to healthy controls, with differential impact of steroids and inflammatory markers (Mrakotsky et al., 2012). We previously also found inflammation to be inversely correlated with cognition and mood in pediatric CD. We here provide further evidence for the effects of inflammation versus steroids on brain gray matter volume in pediatric CD. METHODS: Structural magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) was carried out in 35 children age 9-14 years (CD patients: n = 12, age-matched healthy controls: n = 23) using a 3 Tesla Siemens Trio MRI system. Anatomical whole brain T1-weighted magnetization-prepared rapid gradient-echo images were acquired at 1 mm3 voxel size. All subjects also underwent neuropsychological assessments (tests of attention, memory, and IQ; parent and self-report of pain, sleep/fatigue, emotional functions), and phlebotomy to obtain serum markers of inflammation (CRP, ESR, IL-6, TNFR2). CD patients were scanned and tested during steroid treatment for an acute flare (prednisone dose: M = 32.0, SD = 10.1 mg/day). Subcortical volumes (mm3) were measured using Freesurfer. Correlations and regression were performed for associations among measures, ANOVAs and t-tests for patient group comparisons. Demographics, SES and general cognitive ability were comparable between groups. Inflammation was higher in CD patients than healthy controls. RESULTS: CD patients demonstrated smaller gray matter volumes than controls in basal ganglia, particularly the left (P = 0.001) and right putamen (P = 0.01), as well as poorer memory performance (P < 0.05), lower reported competence (academic, social) (P < 0.05), and lesser behavioral function (P < 0.05). Smaller putamen volume was associated with higher inflammation, higher steroid dose, poorer memory and poorer overall competence (see Table). Correlations remained significant after adjusting for steroid. Regression including several disease (inflammation, pain, sleep) and treatment (steroid, 6-mp, infliximab) variables in 1 model showed both inflammation and steroid (but no other variables) to be significant predictors for gray matter volume. CONCLUSIONS: Results provide further preliminary evidence of an association between pediatric CD and brain structure, and suggest impact of both steroids and inflammatory markers on gray matter volume, particularly the putamen. As part of the basal ganglia and dorsal striatum, the putamen plays a critical role in learning and emotional processes and has been linked to dementia, ADHD, depression, and anxiety disorders. The negative correlation between putamen volume, steroids and inflammation is thus of clinical relevance, particularly in context of cognitive, academic and emotional functions found to be affected. Larger neuroimaging studies including CD patients off steroids and longitudinal designs are warranted to elucidate these initial findings. ER  - 
Favoured treatments for treatment resistant depression; Treatment resistant depression includes both non responders to an adequate treatment with a single antidepressant and non responders to 2 or more treatment periods with different antidepressants. The first step to reduce the number of non responders is to use as first line treatment an antidepressant that is supported by firm evidence of superior efficacy and good safety, for example escitalopram. There is very little evidence to guide the choice of the second step treatment of non responders to a single antidepressant. The clearest finding comes from a large randomised study which shows that following non response to SSRIs or SNRI vortioxetine is significantly more effective than agomelatine. Less robust data are derived from a retrospective analysis of patients who had previously been treated but were none-the-less admitted to a series of randomised controlled comparator studies. Escitalopram was more effective than the SNRIs venlafaxine and duloxetine in second treatment. Quetiapine as an add on treatment was significantly more effective than antidepressants alone or lithium in both non responders and two treatment failure TRD. The evidence that venlafaxine itself is effective in TRD is not as firmly based. Other candidate add on treatments include aripiprazole, mirtazapine, modafenil, folic acid and aspirin but further studies are needed. ER  - 
A randomized controlled study to evaluate the efficacy of celecoxib add-on in patients of depression partially responding to escitalopram; Objectives: 1.To study the effect of celecoxib add-on therapy compared to escitalopram dose escalation in patients of depression partially responding to escitalopram. 2. To study the effect of celecoxib add-on therapy on serum level of IL-1 b compared to escitalopram alone in patients of depression partially responding to escitalopram. Materials and Methods: A total of 143 adult outpatients who met the WHO ICD-10 criteria of depression enrolled in the study initially after satisfying inclusion, exclusion criteria. Patients having Montogmery-Asberg depression rating scale (MADRS) scores above 20 were prescribed escitalopram 10 mg o.d. for 4 weeks. After four weeks all patients were evaluated for clinical improvement by MADRS. Forty patients responding partially (25-50% reduction in MADRS from day 0) to escitalopram 10 mg o.d. were allocated in a random fashion in equal number (n = 20) to group A: escitalopram 20 mg/day and group B: escitalopram 20 mg/day plus celecoxib 400 mg/day (200 mg bid) for another four weeks. Serum IL-1 b levels were done at baseline (at the time of randomization) and at completion of therapy. Results: Although both treatment modalities significantly decreased the MADRS scores over the study period, the combination of escitalopram and celecoxib showed a significant superiority over escitalopram dose escalation in the treatment of symptoms of depression. Additionally celecoxib plus escitalopram therapy caused significantly more lowering of serum IL-1 b levels as compared to escitalopram dose escalation alone. Conclusion: The results of this study suggest that celecoxib may be an effective augmentation agent in the management of patients of depression partially responding to escitalopram 10 mg and anti-inflammatory pharmacotherapy should be further explored in these patients. ER  - 
Cool or cold? Freon R abuse-a case report and discussion; ABSTRACT: Introduction: Freon is the trademark name of a group of hydrochlorofluorocarbons used as refrigerator coolants .They are odorless, colorless, non-corrosive & non-flammable. Even though they are being replaced with less environmentally-harmful hydrocarbons due to concerns of ozone depletion, the name is still used to refer to these coolants. There is very little awareness among physicians about Freon abuse in spite of multiple media reports of deaths due to accidental & intentional coolant exposure. Freon gas abusers typically obtain it from air conditioning units. A small instrument like a key or a spoon is used to depress the valve & release the gas which is either inhaled directly or ''bagged''. We present a case of a patient who had cold injuries to the face after recreational freon abuse. CASE: Mr.D is a 33 year old male diagnosed with schizoaffective disorder and cannabis abuse who presented to ER after his first time huffing Freon gas from an air conditioning unit to ''get high''. He had abused nitrous before and was looking for a similar experience. After huffing the gas with his mouth over the opening of the valve, he passed out & woke up sometime later with the gas still freely flowing. Within the hour, he developed increasing swelling & numbness of his lips, mouth & cheek which brought him to the ER. On exam, there was significant swelling of both upper, lower lips & cheeks, desquamation of the lower lip & bleeding of the upper gums. There was no pharyngeal or tongue swelling. The only lab finding was leukocytosis of 18.7. Laryngoscopy showed no signs of respiratory compromise. He improved with IV steroids & was discharged two days later with oral antibiotics & follow up. DISCUSSION: Inhalants are often the first drugs of abuse children are exposed to. An NDPS report from 2011 showed 6398 cases of Freon toxicity out of which only 1183 were intentional inhalation. 19 deaths were noted in this report. Access to air conditioner units is easy, inexpensive & requires very little equipment. Gas chromatography is needed to detect the hydrocarbons in specimens as it is undetectable in standard drug screens. Exposure to Freon gas causes a variety of systemic symptoms & cold injuries like blisters & frost bite. Long term effects are impaired cognition, delayed responses & mood instability. Fatalities are mainly by respiratory depression, cardiac arrhythmias & accidental trauma. It is very important for medical providers have to be aware of coolants as a source for inhalant abuse, screen for it and be vigilant in similar scenarios. Children & adolescents need to be educated about the ill effects of huffing Freon. Using locks for the air conditioner compressors also can be another option. As abusers know very little about the ill effects of huffing freon gas, education remains the most important factor in preventing adverse events. ER  - 
“Psychosis post psychedelic party”-a case study of LSD induced late psychosis in a 19 year old patient; ABSTRACT: BACKGROUND: Lysergic acid diethylamide (LSD) is a psychedelic drug, which is used for its mind altering properties. It has been reported to induce changes in mood, thought process, judgment as well as sensory perceptions. The effects are highly variable. LSD affects a large number of receptors, including all dopamine receptor subtypes, and adrenoreceptor subtypes. The psychedelic effects of LSD are attributed to its strong partial agonist effects at 5-HT2A receptors; it binds to most serotonin receptor subtypes except for 5-HT3 and 5-HT4. Its exact mechanism of action is unknown, but it is thought to work by increasing glutamate release causing excitation. There has been some literature on LSD induced psychosis and mood instability. We report a case of a 19-year-old woman with no previous psychiatric history who developed psychotic and manic symptoms 4 days after ingestion of LSD. CASE: The patient is a 19-year-old female with no past psychiatric diagnosis who was brought to the hospital by her father with concerns of bizarre behavior after LSD use. She reportedly consumed an unknown quantity of LSD for the first time 4 days before admission. She was fixated on ''Girls, boys, sex and molestation'' and stated that she was in the hospital to ''see her family''. Per dad, she has been behaving oddly for the last few hours. She was paranoid, having frequent mood swings, talking excessively and responding to internal stimuli. On exam, she maintained an intense stare, was disorganized, had delusions of persecution and auditory hallucinations. She was started on risperidone 1mg twice daily then increased to 3mg daily. She developed a dystonic reaction which resolved with Benadryl but her psychosis did not show any improvement. Risperidone was discontinued and olanzapine was added on which the patient showed improvement. She was eventually discharged after 10 days of hospitalization with a recommendation to follow up as an outpatient. Her family had reported a past history of teratoma so a detailed work up was done and was negative for NMDA autoantibody encephalitis. CONCLUSION: There are very limited studies on the causes, risk factors, pharmacokinetics and dynamics of LSD and its related illnesses. There is some literature mostly between the 1960s and 1970s about LSD induced schizophrenia and similar disorders. It is a speculation that LSD rapidly crosses blood brain barrier by oral ingestion and inhibits the serotonergic systems, which further precipitate mania or depression secondary to the alteration in CNS norepinephrine. Stress can also increase norepinephrine levels, which may be a factor in the case of our patient owing to her social situations. Certainly this is only a hypothesis at this time and warrants further studies and investigation in the cause and the course of the disease. ER  - 
Carbamazepine overdose presenting as diabetes insipidus in a child; Introduction: 16 year old female with history of depression was brought to our hospital after an intentional overdose of carbamazepine. The patient was found lying by the side of the bed in an unresponsive state. Patient's mother found approximately twenty (200 mg each) carbamazepine pills missing from her stepbrother's medication bottle. EMS brought the girl to the emergency department. Enroute to the hospital, a dose of diphenhydramine was given for dystonic posturing. Carbamazepine level upon admission was 24.1mcg/ml and a CT scan of the brain was reported normal. EKG shows borderline QRS widening with possible right bundle branch block. Echocardiogram and cardiac enzymes were normal. She was started on activated charcoal and received multiple doses during her hospital stay. Two hours following the admission the child was intubated and placed on a mechanical ventilator for decreased sensorium. Sodium bicarbonate was added to intravenous fluids to correct metabolic acidosis. The carbamazepine levels were monitored every six hours and at six hours after the admission the level was 34.5 mcg/ml and decreased to 4.2 mcg/ml in three days. Urine toxicology screen was negative. On day two of admission, the patient was polyuric with urine output at 7ml/kg/hr with negative fluid balance of 3398 ml over a 12-hour period. Possibility of diabetes insipidus considered and work up was sent. Laboratory data showed hypernatremia (160 mEq/L) and serum hyperosmolality (329 mosm/kg) with a urine osmolality of 459 mosm/kg and a urine specific gravity of 1.000. Appropriate fluid therapy was initiated and hypernatremia corrected over next 48 hours and urine output normalized. Child was discharged from the PICU with normal electrolyte and acid-base balance, cardiovascular and neurologic condition. Although the fluid balance was positive for first 24 hours she never developed hyponatremia. The lowest sodium concentration during her stay was 141 mEq/L. Discussion Carbamazepine is a commonly used medication in children with seizure disorders. It shares structural similarity with tricyclic antidepressants. Carbamazepine toxicity mainly manifests with neurological and cardiac side effects. Rare but life threatening adverse reactions includes agranulocytosis, bone marrow suppression, multiorgan hypersensitivity reactions (DRESS- Drug rash with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms). Among the other uncommon side effects include hyponatremia due to inappropriately excess anti diuretic hormone secretion (SIADH) and abnormal thyroid function. SIADH characterized by hyponatremia, low serum osmolality and oliguria. SIADH state due to carbamazepine was thought to be by two mechanisms by increasing endogenous antidiuretic hormone (ADH) release and by increasing the sensitivity of renal tubules to the ADH. Carbamazepine is used to treat patients with central or lithium induced diabetes insipidus. However, our index patient developed transient diabetes insipidus (DI). High urine output, hypernatremia, low urine osmolality compared to plasma and low urine specific gravity suggest DI in our patient. Urine output decreased to normal range within 24 hours after the onset of diuresis without the use of vasopressin. The mechanism of development of DI is not known. Whether the DI was of central or peripheral in origin could not be determined in our patient. Conclusion SIADH is a commonly reported endocrine complication of carbamazepine toxicity. To our knowledge we are presenting the first case of transient diabetes insipidus with carbamazepine toxicity. The mechanism of development of DI with carbamazepine is not known. ER  - 
Acute intermittent porphyria: Nervous system manifestations; Acute intermittent porphyria (AIP) results from mutation in the HMBS gene encoding hydroxmethylbilane synthase (HMBS). A teenager had recurrent fainting spells. After prolonged antibiotics for incidental infection and psychotropic medication for depression, he developed clinically manifest AIP characterized by bouts of palpitation, sweating, impaired voiding, abdominal pain, and hyponatremia prompting neurological evaluation. Tilt table showed symptomatic orthostatic intolerance (OI) with minimal SBP of 79 mmHg and maximal HR of 138 bpm. Nerve conduction studies (NCS) and electromyography (EMG), and teased sural nerve fibers indicated segmental demyelination and remyelination. Epidermal nerve fiber (ENF) analysis showed reduced ENF density in the leg with qualitative histological alterations. Brain neuroimaging was normal. Cerebrospinal fluid was acellular with protein content of 101 mg/dL. Fractionated urinary porphyrins were consistent with AIP with urinary porophobilinogen of 295.4 umol/L (normal 0-8.8). Genetic assay of HMBS is forthcoming. Discontinuation of provocating medications lessened attacks and the neuropsychiatric sequela. Beta-blocker and fludocortisone medication corrected symptomatic OI. A short course of intravenous immune globulin (IVIg) improved demyelinating peripheral neuropathy. Prompt recognition of the central (CNS), peripheral (PNS), and autonomic nervous system (ANS) manifestations of AIP is essential in instituting effective management and forestalling progression. ER  - 
Cardioprotective effect of Atrovastatin in an in vivo model of myocardial ischemic-reperfusion injury; Background: Lipid-lowering using HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors or statin therapy forms the cornerstone of medical therapy in the primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease. The present study was designed to investigate the cardioprotective role of Atrovastain in an in vivo model of myocardial ischemic-reperfusion injury in terms of induction of endogenous anti-oxidants and heat shock protein 72 associated BAG-1 Mediated Cardioprotection, Haemodynamic effects, Histological studies and the Up regulation of ecNOS Mediated Cardioprotection Methods: Hsp72 associated BAG-1, ecNOS expression and basal levels of endogenous antioxidants [EA] (superoxide dismutase, catalase, reduced glutathione) and thiobarbituric acid reactive substances (TBARS) were measured in the myocardium of three groups of rabbits [Control: C, Atrovastain 10mg/kg:(A1) and Atrovastain 20mg/kg:(A2)]. Hsp72, BAG-1, ecNOS were determined by Western Blot analysis in the hearts from normal rabbits (negative control), heat-stressed rabbits (positive control) and Atrovastain treated rabbits. In open-chest ketamine/pentobarbitone anaesthetized rabbits, the left anterior descending coronary arterywas occluded for 15 min of ischemia followed by 60 min of reperfusion. Vehicle (saline) or Atrovastain was administered 10 min before reperfusion (post-treatment) Results: In the vehicle-treated group, ischemic-reperfusion injury (IRI) was evidenced by depression of global haemodynamic function (mean arterial pressure, left ventricular-end-diastolic-pressure, peak positive and negative dP/dt) along with depletion of myocardial high-energy phosphate (HEP) compounds and raised levels of myocardial TBARS and depletion of endogenous myocardial antioxidants (reduced glutathione, Superoxide dismutase and catalase). In the post-treatment group, in both the doses the recovery of myocardial haemodynamic function, with significant reduction in TBARS, was observed. In the A1 and A2 treatment groups has shown elevated levels of HSP72 associated with expression of cellular stress sequester BAG-1 and ecNOS. Conclusion: The results of the present study suggest that posttreatment of the 20mg/kg Atrovastain treatment group offered better cardio protection when subjected to ischemic reperfusion injury. ER  - 
Bioadhesive and biodegradable hyaluronic acid-serum hydrogel promotes cardiac regeneration; Cellular cardiomyoplasty is limited by low levels of engraftment due to cell egress from injection site and death due to anoikis/necrosis. We hypothesized that tissue-engineered scaffolds that promote rapid cell adhesion would promote transplanted cell engraftment. We custom-designed stem cell niches, examined encapsulated stem cell viability, proliferation and 18FDG uptake. Acute cardiac retention was measured by cut/count after transplantation of 18FDG labeled rat cardiosphere derived cells (CDCs), in vivo transplanted cell bioenergetics by dual isotope SPECT/CT imaging of Na-Iodide symporter+ CDCs (after 99mTc-pertechnetate administration), and chronic engraftment by bioluminescence imaging (BLI) of luciferase+ CDCs; LV function was assessed by echocardiography. Crosslinking of N-hydroxysuccinimide-derivatized hyaluronic acid with autologous serum yielded bioadhesive, biodegradable hydrogels (HA:Ser) that promoted survival and proliferation of mouse embryonic stem cells, human mesenchymal stem cells, and CDCs (viability: 99%, 93%, and 95%; proliferation: 759%, 126%, and 322%, respectively at d7; n=3, p<0.05). In vitro18FDG uptake revealed rapid depression (0.13±0.01%ID/μg DNA) following trypsinization and prompt restoration by encapsulation in hydrogels (0.36±0.04%ID/μg DNA; n=4, p<0.05); in vivo 99mTc uptake of encapsulated CDCs at 1hr was 2.4fold higher than transplantation of suspended CDCs. Hydrogels boosted acute cell retention following intra-myocardial transplantation (hydrogel: 92±3%; suspended cells: 15±5%), in vivo BLI revealed CDC proliferation (20%increase) in hydrogels and cell loss (99% decrease; n=3, p<0.05) in the suspended cell group. Echocardiogram revealed increased in LVEF of 0.69±1.9% in control, 10.33±2.1% in epicardial HA:Ser and 12.9±4.1% in intra-myocardial HA:Ser (n=7,p<0.05) at d28 compared to d1 post-MI. Hydrogels also induced 5fold higher angiogenesis than controls. In conclusion, HA:Ser hydrogels can be injected intramyocardially or applied epicardially as patches to beating hearts. These hydrogels induce rapid stem cell attachment, acute retention, in vivo proliferation and improve cardiac function following myocardial infarction. ER  - 
Psychobiotics: A novel class of psychotropic; Here, we define a psychobiotic as a live organism that, when ingested in adequate amounts, produces a health benefit in patients suffering from psychiatric illness. As a class of probiotic, these bacteria are capable of producing and delivering neuroactive substances such as gamma-aminobutyric acid and serotonin, which act on the brain-gut axis. Preclinical evaluation in rodents suggests that certain psychobiotics possess antidepressant or anxiolytic activity. Effects may be mediated via the vagus nerve, spinal cord, or neuroendocrine systems. So far, psychobiotics have been most extensively studied in a liaison psychiatric setting in patients with irritable bowel syndrome, where positive benefits have been reported for a number of organisms including Bifidobacterium infantis. Evidence is emerging of benefits in alleviating symptoms of depression and in chronic fatigue syndrome. Such benefits may be related to the anti-inflammatory actions of certain psychobiotics and a capacity to reduce hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis activity. Results from large scale placebo-controlled studies are awaited. © 2013 Society of Biological Psychiatry. ER  - 
Study design of ASPirin in Reducing Events in the Elderly (ASPREE): A randomized, controlled trial; Cost-effective strategies to maintain healthy active lifestyle in aging populations are required to address the global burden of age-related diseases. ASPREE will examine whether the potential primary prevention benefits of low dose aspirin outweigh the risks in older healthy individuals. Our primary hypothesis is that daily oral 100. mg enteric-coated aspirin will extend a composite primary endpoint termed 'disability-free life' including onset of dementia, total mortality, or persistent disability in at least one of the Katz Activities of Daily Living in 19,000 healthy participants aged 65. years and above ('US minorities') and 70. years and above (non-'US minorities'). ASPREE is a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial of oral 100. mg enteric-coated acetyl salicylic acid (ASA) or matching placebo being conducted in Australian and US community settings on individuals free of dementia, disability and cardiovascular disease (CVD) events. Secondary endpoints are all-cause and cause specific mortality, fatal and non-fatal cardiovascular events, fatal and non-fatal cancer (excluding non-melanoma skin cancer), dementia, mild cognitive impairment, depression, physical disability, and clinically significant bleeding. To 20 September 2013 14,383 participants have been recruited. Recruitment and study completion are anticipated in July 2014 and December 2018 respectively. In contrast to other aspirin trials that have largely focused on cardiovascular endpoints, ASPREE has a unique composite primary endpoint to better capture the overall risk and benefit of aspirin to extend healthy independent lifespan in older adults in the US and Australia. © 2013 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Effect of COX-inhibitors attentuated LPS induced behavioural alterations in male wistar rats; Sickness behavior appears to be the expression of a central motivational state that reorganizes the organism's priorities to cope with infectious pathogens.To evaluate the effect of selective and non selective COX inhibitors in lipopolysaccharides induced sickness behaviour,rats were subjected to the forced swim test (FST), open field test,actophotometer. LPS(10mcg/kg i.p). administration increased the immobility period in the FST, and depressed locomotor activity in the actophotometer, decreased line crossing and rearing in open field test, increased body temperature and decreased body weight. COX inhibitors are reported to be effective by reducing the risk of neuro degenerative diseases and sickness behaviours. Rats were pretreated with Non- selective COX inhibitors Aspirin (100&200mg/kg), Selective COX-1 inhibitor Resveratrol(50&100mg/kg) & selective COX-2 inhibitor Celecoxib(10&50mg/kg) for 7 days. At the last day rats were given final injection of saline or Cox inhibitors 30 min prior to LPS (10mcg/kg i.p.). After 120 min of LPS treatment determined the exploratory behaviour in open field test, depression using FST, locomotion using actophotometer, body temperature and body weight. Considering the behavioural and histopathological observations showed in the chronic treatment of Non selective COX inhibitors (aspirin) & selective COX 2 inhibitor (celecoxib) attentuated LPS induced behavioural changes but not in selective COX 1 inhibitor (resveratrol) produced by LPS. Considering that aspirin & Celecoxib attenuates LPS-induced behavioural changes, it is proposed that LPS-induced sickness behavior is dependent on the COX pathway mediate prostaglandins (PGE2). ER  - 
Omega-3 fatty acids influence mood in healthy and depressed individuals; Depression is one of the most prevalent disorders in the United States, and rates of depression are higher for women than men. Despite their widespread use, drugs used in the treatment of depression are only moderately more effective than placebo in treating the disorder. Effective treatment of perinatal depression is of particular concern as treatment can influence both the mother and the developing child. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (n-3 PUFA) supplementation may reduce symptoms of major depressive disorder and perinatal depression. The aim of the present review was to evaluate epidemiological studies examining PUFA intake and depressive symptoms in the general population, as well as double-blind, placebo-controlled trials assessing the influence of n-3 PUFA in healthy individuals and those with depression; specific consideration was given to perinatal depression and potential gender differences in the relationship. Although there is some evidence to suggest that n-3 PUFA intake is associated with reduced depressive symptoms, particularly in females, these results are generally limited to epidemiological studies, whereas results from randomized controlled trials are mixed. © 2013 International Life Sciences Institute. ER  - 
Anti-depressive effect of polyphenols and omega-3 fatty acid from pomegranate peel and flax seed in mice exposed to chronic mild stress; Aim In this study polyphenols from pomegranate peel, and n-3 fatty acids with polyphenols from flax seed were evaluated for their anti depression properties in mice exposed to chronic mild stress (CMS). Methods A total of 40 mice initially trained to consume 2% sucrose solution for 3 weeks were then divided into five groups of eight each. The first group was the normal control, the remaining four groups were exposed to CMS but were force fed with either: 10 mL water per kg bodyweight per day; imipramine (a standard antidepressant) 15 mg kg bodyweight; 30 mg per kg bodyweight polyphenol equivalent extract from pomegranate peel; or 30 mg polyphenols per kg bodyweight with omega-3 fatty acids present, for 50 days. At the end, blood and brain were analyzed for various biomarkers of depression. Results The flax seed and imipramine groups had significantly increased sucrose consumption, decreased cortisol (blood), decreased epinephrine and norepinephrine concentration, decreased monoamine oxidase A and B activity, and decreased superoxide dismutase activity. Lipid peroxidation was completely inhibited. In contrast, pomegranate peel extract also completely inhibited lipid peroxidation in the brain, and reduced enzyme activity and hormone concentration but to a lesser extent than flax seed. Conclusion Polyphenols from flax seed with omega-3 fatty acids were able to reduce all the CMS effects tested compared to polyphenols from pomegranate peel. © 2013 The Authors. Psychiatry and Clinical Neurosciences © 2013 Japanese Society of Psychiatry and Neurology. ER  - 
Etanercept provides improved quality of life regardless of the presence of psoriatric arthritis in moderate/severe psoriasis subjects from Central and Eastern Europe, Latin America and Asia; Objectives: Some psoriasis patients also have psoriatic arthritis (PsA), which increases disease burden and further reduces quality-of-life (QoL). Our objective was to compare QoL of subjects with both psoriasis and PsA to those with psoriasis alone, and to evaluate improvement on etanercept (ETN) therapy in specific countries of Central and Eastern Europe, Latin America, and Asia where data are limited. Methods: Patients with moderate/severe psoriasis were randomized to 50mg ETN QW (once weekly) or 50mg ETN BIW (twice weekly, weeks 1-12), followed by 50mg QW (weeks 13-24). The following post-hoc assessments were included: EuroQoL-5D (EQ-5D); Dermatology Quality of Life Index (DLQI); Functional Assessment of Chronic Illness Therapy (FACIT)-Fatigue; Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS); Medical Outcomes Study (MOS)-Sleep; and Work Productivity and Activity Impairment (WPAI). Subjects with and without PsA were pooled across ETN groups for comparisons of changes in scores from baseline to week 24, which were based on independent sample t-tests. Results: Of 171 subjects analysed, 64 (37.4%) had PsA. Baseline demographic characteristics and QoL measures were similar in PsA and psoriasis-alone groups. EQ-5D scores improved significantly over time with ETN treatment in both subjects with and without PsA (P< 0.0001) with similar adjusted mean improvement in both groups after 24 weeks (0.2 vs 0.2; P= 0.6202). Improvement in EQ-5D greater than MID (change = 0.05) at week 24 was observed in a greater proportion of PsA than psoriasis-alone subjects (74.6% vs 63.8%; P= 0.174). Significant improvements from baseline in both PsA and psoriasis-alone groups were also observed after 24 weeks in DLQI (both P< 0.0001), FACIT (both P< 0.01) and HADS anxiety (both P< 0.0001) scores. Improvements of other patient-reported outcomes were also observed at weeks 24 in both disease subgroups. Conclusions: ETN in both dose regimens provided significant improvement in QoL measures in subjects with moderate-to-severe psoriasis regardless of the presence of PsA. ER  - 
10th Joint Meeting of the European Neuropeptide Club and the Summer Neuropeptide Conference; The proceedings contain 48 papers. The topics discussed include: novel peptides related to activity-dependent neuroprotective protein: link to autophagy; TRPA1-mediated vasodilatation in the peripheral vasculature; the role of CGRP in TRPA1 receptor-mediated effects in skin; the trigeminal nocisensor complex and CGRP in headaches; CGRP - the initial or final key mediator in meningeal nociception and headache?; localization and immunocytochemical characterization of the dorsal vagal nucleus (dmx) neurons projecting to the porcine stomach prepyloric region in physiological state, following stomach partial resection and after prolonged acetylsalicylic acid supplementation; glucocorticoid receptor modulation of the TAC1 promoter in amygdala; polymorphisms, decoys, stress and anxiety; genetic and epigenetic contribution to mood disorders and obesity; the BDNF locus and beyond; and inhibitory function of the somatostatin receptor subtype 4 (SST4) in anxiety and depression-like behaviours in the mouse. ER  - 
Necrotizing Fasciitis of the Head and Neck; Introduction: Necrotizing fasciitis (NF) of the head and neck is a rare, destructive soft tissue infection with a deceptively innocuous early presentation, associated with high mortality and morbidity. The objectives of this study are to present the incidence and data on patients encountered in the National University Health System (NUHS); and to propose an algorithm encompassing diagnosis, inpatient treatment, and post-discharge management. Methods: A retrospective review of all patients treated for NF of the head and neck in NUHS from January 2000 to June 2013. An algorithm was formulated following review of our patients and existing literature. Results: Of the 8 patients were treated; 7 had NF of the neck, 1 of the head. Typical presentations were rapidly progressing erythema, swelling and pain. Seven had poorly controlled diabetes mellitus. Possible aetiology included tonsillitis, insect bite, and acupuncture. All received emergency surgical debridement, intravenous antibiotics, and multidisciplinary supportive management;6 required reconstructive surgery; 2 patients passed away and morbidity included dysphagia, renal failure, facial palsy and depression. No recurrences were recorded. Conclusion: The head and neck is rarely affected, consisting 4.2% (8 of 190) of all NF in NUHS during the study period. Poorly controlled diabetes mellitus was a significant comorbidity. Imaging and investigations should not delay aggressive surgical and medical therapy. Patients suffer numerous complications; from the condition itself, prolonged hospitalisation (e.g. infections), debridements (e.g. functional impairment, wound cosmesis), and psychologically (e.g. depression). A multidisciplinary approach is crucial to treat the condition and complications. Postdischarge follow-up is essential for sequelae management. ER  - 
Dietary supplements for preventing postnatal depression; Background: Postnatal depression is a medical condition that affects many women and the development of their infants. There is a lack of evidence for treatment and prevention strategies that are safe for mothers and infants. Certain dietary deficiencies in a pregnant or postnatal woman's diet may cause postnatal depression. By correcting these deficiencies postnatal depression could be prevented in some women. Specific examples of dietary supplements aimed at preventing postnatal depression include: omega-3 fatty acids, iron, folate, s-adenosyl-L-methionine, cobalamin, pyridoxine, riboflavin, vitamin D and calcium. Objectives: To assess the benefits of dietary supplements for preventing postnatal depression either in the antenatal period, postnatal period, or both. Search methods: We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (30 April 2013). Selection criteria: Randomised controlled trials, involving women who were pregnant or who had given birth in the previous six weeks, who were not depressed or taking antidepressants at the commencement of the trials. The trials could use as intervention any dietary supplementation alone or in combination with another treatment compared with any other preventive treatment, or placebo, or standard clinical care. Data collection and analysis: Two review authors independently assessed trials for inclusion and assessed the risk of bias for the two included studies. Two review authors extracted data and the data were checked for accuracy. Main results: We included two randomised controlled trials. One trial compared oral 100 microgram (μg) selenium yeast tablets with placebo, taken from the first trimester until birth. The trial randomised 179 women but outcome data were only provided for 85 women. Eighty-three women were randomised to each arm of the trial. Sixty-one women completed the selenium arm, 44 of whom completed an Edinburgh Postnatal Depression Scale (EPDS). In the placebo arm, 64 women completed the trial, 41 of whom completed an EPDS. This included study (n = 85) found selenium had an effect on EPDS scores but did not reach statistical significance (P = 0.07). There was a mean difference (MD) of -1.90 (95% confidence interval (CI) -3.92 to 0.12) of the self-reported EPDS completed by participants within eight weeks of delivery. There was a high risk of attrition bias due to a large proportion of women withdrawing from the study or not completing an EPDS. This included study did not report on any of the secondary outcomes of this review. The other trial compared docosahexanoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) with placebo. The trial randomised 126 women at risk of postpartum depression to three arms: 42 were allocated to EPA, 42 to DHA, and 42 to placebo. Three women in the EPA arm, four in the DHA arm, and one woman in the placebo arm were lost to follow-up. Women who were found to have major depressive disorder, bipolar disorder, current substance abuse or dependence, suicidal ideation or schizophrenia at recruitment were excluded from the study. The women who discontinued the intervention (five in the EPA arm, four in the DHA arm and seven in the placebo arm) were included in the intention-to-treat analysis, while those who were lost to follow-up were not. Women received supplements or placebo from recruitment at a gestational age of 12 to 20 weeks until their final review visit six to eight weeks postpartum. The primary outcome measure was the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) score at the fifth visit (six to eight weeks postpartum). No benefit was found for EPA-rich fish oil (MD 0.70, 95% CI -1.78 to 3.18) or DHA-rich fish oil supplementation (MD 0.90, 95% CI -1.33 to 3.13) in preventing postpartum depression. No difference was found in the effect on postnatal depression comparing EPA with DHA (MD -0.20, 95% CI -2.61 to 2.21). No benefit or significant effect was found in terms of the secondary outcomes of the presence of major depressive disorder at six to eight weeks postpartum, the number of women who commenced antidepressants, maternal estimated blood loss at delivery or admission of neonates to the neonatal intensive care unit. Authors' conclusions: There is insufficient evidence to conclude that selenium, DHA or EPA prevent postnatal depression. There is currently no evidence to recommend any other dietary supplement for prevention of postnatal depression. ER  - 
Patient with IGG heavy chain disease presents with parathyroid hormone-related peptide mediated hypercalcemia; Background Multiple myeloma is associated with excessive tumor-induced, osteoclast-mediated bone destruction. Hypercalcemia remains the most frequent metabolic complication of myeloma in patients excessive osteolysis plays a major contributory role in its pathogenesis. Hypercalcemia caused by increased blood levels of PTHrP have been found in patients with solid tumors and are uncommon in patients with hematologic malignancies including multiple myeloma. Here we present a unique case of a rare variant of multiple myeloma, IgG heavy chain disease, presenting with PTHrP associated hypercalcemia. Methods A retrospective chart review of one patient from 2011-2013 including clinical history, laboratory data, imaging pathology was performed. Results A 60 year old female with past medical history of stage IIA Hodgkin's lymphoma diagnosed in 1992, treated with total nodal radiation with recurrence in 1997 treated with 6 cycles of ABVD achieving complete remission. The patient was found to have hypercalcemia (11.0 mg/dL) and renal failure (1.29 mg/dL) in March 2011. Hypercalcemia workup revealed suppressed PTH (<3 pg/ml), elevated ionized calcium (6.1 mg/dL) elevated parathyroid related peptide (38pg/ml), normal vitamin D and ACE levels. Serum protein electrophoresis (SPEP) showed M-spike of 0.9 g/dL. Immunofixation electrophoresis (IFE) demonstrated an IgG monoclonal immunoglobulin without a corresponding light chain (figure 1). Free serum kappa and lamda light chains were within normal limits. Serum IgG was elevated (4678 mg/dL), normal IgA (127 mg/dL) and low IgM (39mg/dL). Also, Beta-2 microglobulin was elevated (14.3 mg/L). The patient was seen by hematology for monoclonal gammopathy and hypercalcemia and a solid tumor work up was recommended given that the most common the mechanism of hypercalcemia for multiple myeloma is osteoclast-driven and not PTHrP related. CT chest/abdomen/pelvis, bone scan, bone survey, mammography, pelvis ultrasound were negative. Bone marrow biopsy was performed November 2011 showing 10% plasma cells (PC) by CD138, non clonal by kappa/lambda. Patient was placed on zolendonic acid for hypercalcemia and her renal function and hypercalcemia continued to worsen over a period of months. A kidney biopsy was performed in April, 2012 and revealed acute and chronic tubulointerstitial nephritis with secondary glomerulosclerosis and mild interstitial fibrosis and tubular atrophy suggestive of sarcoidosis and the patient was placed on a course of prednisone with transient improvement in calcium and renal function. The patient presented in emergency room in April 2013 with altered mental status. She was found to have hypercalcemia (12.0 mg/dL), renal failure (1.55 mg/dL),). SPEP revealed M-spike 0.64 g/dl. IFE displayed a broad band of IgG heavy chain, without associated light chains and severe depression of the non-monoclonal IgG. Serum immunoglobulins demonstrated elevated IgG (2110 mg/dL), normal IgA (46 mg/dL) and decreased IgM (<21 mg/dL). Bone marrow biopsy showed 5% PCs (figure 2), non clonal by kappa/lambda- but exclusive for IgG by IHC, without any staining for IgA or IgM (figure 3). Cytogenetics were normal. Based on the constellation of findings and similarity to prior workup the patient was diagnosed with IgG heavy chain disease and therapy with cytoxan, dexamethasone, bortezomib was initiated. Calcium levels improved and she has recovered clinically; she is currently completing her second cycle of therapy. We plan to follow PTHrP levels along with routine paraprotein assessments. (Figure presented) Conclusions PTHrP mediated hypercalcemia is rare in patients with multiple myeloma and the main mechanism of hypercalcemia in multiple myeloma is osteoclast-mediated bone destruction. This is the first reported case of IgG heavy chain disease presenting with PTHrP related hypercalcemia. Another critical point related to this case, is that kappa/lambda staining, the primary mechanism of determining plasma cell clonality, is not useful in exclusively heavy chain disease- and can, in such cases, obscure the diagnosis of this plasma cell malignancy. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of pegelated interferon alpha2a once monthly compared to once weekly dose in patients with essential thrombocythemia; Essential thrombocythemia(ET) is a chronic myeloproliferative neoplasm characterized by sustained thrombocytosis, bone marrow megakaryocytic hyperplasia and an increased risk of thrombosis and hemorrhage. The goal of treatment is to prevent the development of vascular complications without increasing the risk of transformation. Patients aged>60 years or a history of thrombosis have a high risk of thrombosis while those with a platelet count>1,500x109/l have a higher risk of hemorrhage.Patients with low-risk ET can be managed with low-dose of acetylsalicylic acid or even observation only, while patients with a high-risk disease are candidates to cytoreductive treatment, hydroxyurea being the first choice therapy. Anagrelide is the most suitable option for patients with resistance or intolerance to hydroxyurea. All patients must be submitted to a rigorous control of cardiovascular risk factors. Interferon alfa2a (pegasis) is a nonleukemogenic drug that can induce cytogenetic remissions or reversion from monoclonal to polyclonal patterns of hematopoiesis in some cases, this study addressing the safety efficacy and toxicity of pegasis( once weekly versus once monthly ) in ET Methods Inclusion criteria were: Patients with ET diagnosed as per WHO classification 2008, age 18 to 45 years, and either no previous treatment or Hydroxyurea or anagralide for less than 1 years. ET diagnosis workup included ferritin, exclusion of secondary causes like infections and not meeting WHO criteria for PV, MDS and CML Pretreatment evaluation also included patient history, physical examination, complete blood count (CBC) and serum chemistries (UE), including liver and renal function studies, thyroid function tests (TFT), and molecular study for JAK2V617F mutation. Exclusion criteria included (significant hepatic and renal dysfunction, history of psychiatric disorder, in particular depression, autoimmune hepatitis, severe cardiac dysfunction, known hypersensitivity to IFN. The primary end point was hematological response to pegasis at 12 months. Complete hematological response (CR) as per ELN guidelines' and Molecular response (MR) was defined as “complete” when JAK2V617F became undetectable with the technique used (ie, %V617F< 1%), “partial” when > 50% decrease of baseline %V617F was obtained, and “minor” when %V617F decrease was between 20% and 49%. Follow-up evaluations included adverse event (AE) assessment monthly for 3 months, then every third month until the 12th month with CBC, UE weekly during the first month and monthly thereafter. TFT, CBC, JAK2 mutation studies were taken every 6 months. After inclusion, HU was stopped 2 weeks before Pegasis initiation. Pegasis was started subcutaneously at 50 microgram weekly for 4 weeks then 135 mcg/wk from week 5.all patients achieved complete hematological remission from week 10 were randomized into two arms arm(A)135 mcg/wk and arm(B) 135 mcg/month Baseline characteristics of the patients are. Median age was 31.5 year vs 30 year, and 20 patients in each arm 18 patients were males 22 were females three patients had a history of major thrombotic events. Treatment before inclusion included HU in 18 patients, and no treatment in the remaining 22 patients,JAK2 mutation was found in all patients All the patients responded to Pegasis at the 12-month evaluation including 40 hematological CRs (100%)No patient experienced signs or symptoms of thrombosis or hemorrhage during the whole study period. Median relative decrease of %V617F during the first year was 52% decreased in arm A versus 50 % in arm B,. Hematological response was achieved in all of the patients within 2 months and were sustained beyond the first year. Most common toxicities during the first month included musculoskeletal pain in 6 patients versus 2, skin toxicity in 4 versus 0, and GI symptoms in 2 versus 0 , none of the toxicity exceeds WHO Grade 2 with no stsatistical differences between the two groups. Conclusion 135 mcg Pegasis once monthly is as effective as once weekly dose with reduced toxicity Reducing the vascular risk and preventing evolution to MF, MDS, Percentage of V617F appears to be a good tool to monitor minimal residual disease and to evaluate treatment efficacy however further studies are needed to confirm these results and to look for the efficacy of more reduced doses. (Table Presented). ER  - 
The role of anti-inflammatory treatment in psychiatric disorders; Anti-inflammatory treatment could be expected to show positive effects in the subgroup of psychiatric patients who show signs of inflammation, i.e. an increase in proinflammatory cytokines and PGE2. Cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) not only reduces the levels of proinflammatory cytokines, but also affects glutamatergic neurotransmission and tryptophan/kynurenine metabolism. In the meantime, several studies have been performed with the COX-2 inhibitor celecoxib in schizophrenia; the studies found a therapeutic effect, mainly in the early stages of the disorder. We were able to demonstrate a statistically significant therapeutic effect of celecoxib on depressive symptoms in a study in patients with major depression (MD). Another study in fifty patients with MD also showed a statistically significant better outcome with celecoxib. This paper will discuss immune-based therapeutic approaches in both schizophrenia and depression. © Medicinska naklada-Zagreb, Croatia. ER  - 
Reversible encephalopathy in neuroborreliosis; Background: Despite the fact, that borreliosis has a well documented involvement of the CSF and the nerve roots, reports on CNS manifestations of borreliosis are scarce. Objective: Case report of a patient with neuroborreliosis and atypical MRI manifestations. Case report:Wereport a 70 year old femalewith diplopia and unsteady gait for 3 weeks before admission. Medical history revealed no relevant diseases, except for unspecific symptoms like depression and weight loss of 15 k in the last 6 months. Neurological examination showed horizontal diplopia in all viewing directions and an unsteady gait with retropulsion. MRI exhibited T2-weighted, hyperintense lesions periventricularly and in the brainstem and rostrally up to the basal ganglia in both hemispheres resembling a perivascular spread of either infection or granulomatous process. CSF revealed increased cell count of 180/mm3 and a mixed cell type pattern consisting of lymphocytes, monocytes and plasma cells. The serology for borreliosis was positive, while diagnostic workup for autoimmunological, neoplastic and infectious etiology remained negative. The patient improved well under intravenous antibiotics for 3 weeks and could be discharged in a normal condition without neurological symptoms. Conclusion: Neuroborreliosis usually presents with a polyradiculitis of spinal and cranial nerves or varying symptoms arising from a meningoencephalitis, although rare manifestations like myelitis or borrelia induced cerebral vasculitis can be observed. The distribution of MRI lesions at first indicated a suppurative disease, and also demyelinating diseases were considered. This case with atypical MRI manifestation underlines the importance of considering neuroborreliosis in clinical diagnosis of inflammatory CNS diseases. ER  - 
CSF 5-HIAA, cortisol and DHEAS levels in suicide attempters; The serotonin system and the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis are involved in the biological vulnerability to suicidal behaviour. Altered levels of dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) and its sulphate ester DHEAS have been reported in neuropsychiatric conditions. The aim of this study was to investigate CSF levels of 5-Hydroxyindoleacetic acid (5-HIAA) and CSF and plasma levels of cortisol and DHEAS in 28 medication free suicide attempters and 19 healthy volunteers. Another aim was to investigate the relationship between neuroendocrine measures and childhood trauma in suicide attempters. As the study design includes a longitudinal part, we investigated whether CSF cortisol, 5-HIAA or DHEAS would predict subsequent suicide. We hypothesized higher cortisol levels in suicide attempters and lower CSF 5-HIAA levels and higher cortisol levels in suicide victims. Suicide attempters had higher CSF and plasma cortisol levels compared to healthy volunteers. Male suicide attempters had higher CSF DHEAS levels and female suicide attempters had lower CSF 5-HIAA levels compared to male and female healthy volunteers respectively. Exposure to interpersonal violence as a child showed a negative correlation with CSF cortisol/DHEAS ratio adjusted for age, gender and depression severity in a regression analysis. Suicide victims tended to have low CSF 5-HIAA and high CSF cortisol. Abused suicide victims had higher CSF cortisol compared to suicide victims with low exposure to interpersonal violence as a child. The results underlie the important role of the serotonergic system and HPA axis in suicidal behaviour and suggest that CSF DHEAS may be elevated in male suicide attempters. © 2013 Elsevier B.V. and ECNP. ER  - 
Association between erythrocyte n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and biomarkers of inflammation and oxidative stress in patients with and without depression; Associations between n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), inflammation, oxidative stress and the risk of depression have been suggested. We hypothesize that erythrocyte n-3 PUFAs are inversely associated with biomarkers for inflammation and oxidative stress in Koreans with and without depression. Study participants comprised 80 cases diagnosed with depression based on the Center for Epidemiological Studies Depression Scale Korea version (CES-D-K) scores ≥25 and psychiatrist confirmation and 80 age- and sex-matched healthy controls without histories of depression. Depressed patients had lower levels of n-3 PUFAs and higher circulating levels of inducible nitric oxide synthase (iNOS), superoxide dismutase, interferon-γ, and nitrotyrosine compared to the controls. CES-D-K scores and levels of iNOS and tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-α were negatively associated with Omega-3 Index (erythrocyte levels of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid) after adjusting for confounding factors. Concentrations of iNOS, TNF-α, thiobarbituric acid reactive substances, and nitrotyrosine were negatively correlated with erythrocyte levels of n-3 PUFAs, but positively with erythrocyte levels of n-6 PUFAs. Erythrocyte levels of n-3 PUFAs were inversely associated with circulating markers of inflammation and oxidative stress in Koreans with and without depression in this case control study. Future randomized controlled trials are needed to determine whether dietary or supplemental n-3 PUFAs can reduce inflammation and oxidative stress, and reduce depressive symptoms in humans. © 2013 Elsevier Ltd. ER  - 
Erythrocyte levels of N-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and biomarkers of inflammation and oxidative stress in patients with and without depression; Background and objectives: Associations between n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), inflammation, oxidative stress and the risk of depression have been suggested. We evaluated the hypothesis that erythrocyte n-3 PUFAs are inversely associated with biomarkers for inflammation and oxidative stress in Koreans with and without depression. Methods: Study participants comprised 80 cases diagnosed with depression based on Center for Epidemiological Studies Depression Scale Korea version (CES-D-K) scores ≥ ; 25 and psychiatrist confirmation and 80 age- and sex-matched healthy controls without histories of depression. Results: CES-D-K scores, the number of depressed patients, levels of inducible nitric oxide synthase (iNOS) and tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-α ; were negatively associated with Omega- 3 Index (erythrocyte levels of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid) after adjusting for confounding factors. Levels of iNOS, superoxide dismutase, interferon-γ ;, and nitrotyrosine were significantly higher in depressed patients than in healthy controls. Concentrations of iNOS, TNF-α ;, thiobarbituric acid reactive substances, and nitrotyrosine were negatively associated with erythrocyte levels of n-3 PUFAs and saturated fatty acids, but positively associated with erythrocyte levels of n-6 PUFAs and trans fatty acids. Conclusions: The erythrocyte omega-3 index and levels of n-3 PUFAs were inversely associated with biomarkers of inflammation and oxidative stress in Koreans with and without depression. (This work was supported by a grant from the Korea Research Foundation (2012R1A1A2040553) funded by the Korean government.). ER  - 
A case study examining need for advanced wound care education within cardiovascular surgery; Rates of postoperative sternal wound infections (SWI) have been steadily increasing despite advances in operative techniques, increased awareness and treatment of known resistant organisms, and the identification of high risk surgical candidates (1,2,4). SWIs following cardiac surgery have been associated with increased length of hospital stay, increased risk of further complications and increased mortality (1-3). Screening for the presence of resistant organisms prior to cardiac surgery in order to dose prophylactic antibiotics has become common practice at our center, however, the screen result is at times unavailable prior to surgery. This can result in patients receiving ineffective prophylactic antibiotics as per current guidelines (5). This article discusses the sternal wound care of a patient colonized with methicillin resistant staphylococcus aureas (MRSA), who received a non-specific cephalosporin at the time of his operation and subsequently developed a SWI colonized by MRSA. The lack of advanced wound care education within acute care will be discussed, as well as advocacy for best practice in regards to patient care. This patient suffered with his delay in discharge through requirement of painful complex dressings, but he also suffered through anxiety related to his isolation status, depression throughout his course of treatment, and a reported feeling of mistrust in the healthcare team. The need for proper screening practices as well as the need for advanced wound care education within acute care will be stressed, in order to raise awareness of this issue, and advocate for best practice within cardiovascular nursing. ER  - 
Drug repositioning of anti-inflammatory drugs in major psychiatric disorders; Along with the financial and economic crisis affecting the world since 2008, another silent crisis is affecting the world of therapeutic innovation in psychiatry. However, mental, neurological and substance-use (MNS) disorders still constitute 13% of the global disease burden, surpassing both cardiovascular disease and cancer. It is then urgent to re-examine new potential therapeutic pathways for drug development or repositioning. One of the most promising research fields is the inflammatory component of major psychiatric diseases (unipolar depressive disorder UDD, bipolar disorders and schizophrenia) [1]. We decided then to carry out a systematic comprehensive review of psychiatric effects of add-on anti-inflammatory drugs in these disorders. We followed the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-analyses (PRISMA) statement. Medline (1966- 2013) and Web of Science (1975-2013) databases were explored, without any year or language restrictions. The baseline search paradigm was limited to open-labeled clinical and randomized controlled trials with the following terms: (depression, bipolar disorders, schizophrenia) and respectively anti-inflammatory drugs, NSAID, ibuprophen, duclofenac, naproxen sodium, acetylsalicylic acid, anti-Cox-2, celecoxib, anti TNF-alpha, etanercept, infliximab, adalimumab, minocycline). Based on all the data exposed in this review, we suggest to discriminate at baseline patients with high hs-CRP (>5 mg) in cases of early episodes of mood or psychotic disorders (<2 years): these patients may be specially responsive to anti-inflammatory drugs. The choice of this initial discrimination criteria seems relevant as a 'personalized medicine' and remains to be determined in controlled studies, we chose it as it is easy to carry out in routine practice and we found no other routine inflammatory marker in the literature. Next, these patients may receive low doses salicylate (<200 mg/d), celecoxib (200 mg ×2/d) or minocycline (300 mg/d), with no strict criteria for the choice of the molecule. Salicylate may be specially useful in cardio-vascular or cancer risk comorbidities, and celecoxib in depression and early schizophrenia. Minocycline seems particularly interesting given the numerous additional potential activities of this molecule (anti-microbial, anti-oxydative, neuro-protective), however, as a hypersensitivity syndrome has been described, it could be only a second-line treatment. Infliximab seems inadapted for routine first-line treatment as it should be intra-veinously administered. A number of repurposed anti-inflammatory drugs are available as adjunct treatment of treatment-resistant patients with UDD, schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. If used with attention to their possible side effects, they may be reasonable therapeutic alternatives when clinicians are out of ideas, it remains to be confirmed by randomized controlled trials. This was started recently by the team of Savitz et al. who compare in a prospective study minocycline and salicylate add-on therapies in a 2×2 trial in bipolar depression we eagerly await the results of this study [2]. We hope that this article will boost gain interest for the use of anti-inflammatory drugs in the treatment of mental illnesses and useful considerations for a near-future guidelines' update. ER  - 
Antidepressant-like effect of celecoxib and piroxicam in rat models of depression; Major depressive disorder (MDD) has a prevalence of 15% in the population, but its pathogenesis is not completely understood. Several studies have focused on monoaminergic systems, but this hypothesis does not appear to be sufficient to fully explain the mechanisms of MDD. Beyond the current hypothesis, several new biological substrates have been proposed for this disorder. One possible explanation that was recently proposed for these alterations is based on the inflammatory and neurodegenerative hypothesis of depression. The present study investigated whether the antiinflammatory drugs celecoxib and piroxicam have antidepressant activity in animal models of depression. Male Wistar rats, weighing 280-320 g, were used. In the acute experiment: the rats were randomly distributed into four groups: 10 mg/kg celecoxib, 10 mg/kg piroxicam, 0.9% saline, and 20 mg/kg imipramine. Three administrations of the drugs were performed, 24, 8, and 1 h before testing the animals in the open field, followed by a modified forced swim test. In the prolonged experiment the rats were randomly distributed into eight groups: stressed + 0.9% saline, stressed + 20 mg/kg imipramine, stressed + 10 mg/kg celecoxib, stressed + 10 mg/kg piroxicam, non-stressed + 0.9% saline, non-stressed + 20 mg/kg imipramine, non-stressed + 10 mg/kg celecoxib, and non-stressed + 10 mg/kg piroxicam. The stressed groups were subjected to chronic mild stress (CMS) throughout the experiment, and the non-stressed groups remained undisturbed. After 3 week (21 day) exposure to CMS, drug treatment began and continued for 21 days. The sucrose preference test was performed on day 0, 7, 14, 21, 22, 28, 35, and 42 of the experiment. The oxidative stress was evaluated in these animals. After acute administration, we observed antidepressant-like effects of celecoxib and piroxicam in the modified forced swim test in rats. Piroxicam increased serotonin and norepinephrine levels in the hippocampus. Prolonged (21 day) treatment with celecoxib and piroxicam rescued sucrose preference in a chronic mild stress model of depression. Additionally, the chronic mild stress-induced reduction of hippocampal glutathione was prevented by treatment with celecoxib and piroxicam. Superoxide dismutase in the hippocampus was increased after CMS compared with the non-stressed saline group. The non-stressed celecoxib and piroxicam groups and stressed piroxicam group exhibited an increase in hippocampal superoxide dismutase activity compared with the stressed saline group. Lipid hydroperoxide was increased in the stressed group treated with vehicle and non-stressed group treated with imipramine but not in the stressed groups treated with celecoxib and piroxicam. Altogether, our results showed that the antiinflammatory drugs piroxicam and celecoxib have antidepressant-like effects in both the FST and CMS model. The effects of piroxicam may be attributable to an increase in hippocampal monoamine levels. The present findings also suggest that the antidepressant-like effects of celecoxib and piroxicam might be caused by enhanced antioxidant defenses and attenuated oxidative stress in the hippocampus. More studies are needed to further elucidate the mechanisms of the antidepressant-like effects of celecoxib and piroxicam. ER  - 
Determination of the alterations in prepulse inhibition in mice treated with doxycycline in an animal model of depression; Purpose: Depression is a chronic and recurring mental disorder associated with functional disability and increased risk of suicide. Bacterial endotoxin (lipopolysaccharide; LPS) evokes in rodents an adaptive short-term response named sickness behavior. Currently the time-point of 24h after LPS administration has been used to model depression in rodents [1]. This is based on the changes induced by this endotoxin, in stress hormones secretion and activity of brain serotonergic and noradrenergic systems that have been implicated in stress responses, fear and anxiety. Doxycycline (DOXY) is a member of the tetracycline antibiotics group. Doxycycline (6-Deoxy-5-hydroxytetracycline), another tetracycline antibiotic compound, is a broad-spectrum antibiotic widely used for infections caused by both gram-negative and gram-positive microorganisms. Doxycycline is the most frequently used tetracycline in medicine and is included in the List of Essential Medicines of the World Health Organization [3]. DOXI showed neuroprotective effects both in vitro and in vivo and this appeared to derive from its anti-apoptotic and anti-inflammatory mechanisms. Based on the recent evidences of deficits in the levels of prepulse inhibition (PPI) seem in depressed patients, the present study aimed to investigate the potential effects of DOXY against PPI deficits induced by the LPS model of depression in mice. Methods: Male Swiss mice (20-30g) were randomly divided into nine experimental groups of 8 animals each. For the prevention treatment paradigm, DOXY (25 or 50 mg/kg), imipramine (IMI 10 mg/kg) or saline (endotoxin-free) were administered i.p. to the animals 30 min prior to LPS (0.5 mg/kg, i.p.) administration. For the reversal treatment protocol, separate animals received LPS (0.5 mg/kg, i.p.) followed by treatment with DOXY (25 or 50 mg/kg, i.p.), IMI (10 mg/kg, i.p) or saline either 1.5 or 23.5 h after LPS administration. Each animal was placed in the startle chamber and submitted to 3 prepulse intensities followed by a pulse of 120 dB startle after 80 ms. The percentage PPI was calculated as previously reported [2]. For statistical analysis two-way ANOVA was used with Bonferroni test as post hoc, considering as significant p<0.05. Results: 24 h after LPS administration the animals presented a deficit in PPI levels of around 81% as compared to control animals in all prepulse intensites evaluated. The pre-administration of 25 mg/kg DOXY completely prevented the deficit in PPI levels induced by LPS in the prepulse intensities of 75 and 80 dB. This effect was also observed in IMI pre-treated animals, but only in the prepulse intensity of 80 dB. In the reversal protocol the post-administration of both DOXY 25 and 50 mg/kg normalized the decrease in PPI induced by LPS, although IMI presented no effect. Conclusion: PPI is an important parameter to be evaluated in the model of depression induced by LPS and DOXY is able to prevent and revert this parameter. ER  - 
Antidepressant-like effects of myricitrin, an inhibitor of nitric oxide and PKC, in animal models; Aim: Depression is a serious and recurrent disease that affects a large number of people around the world. It's known that inhibition of nitric oxide (NO) exerts antidepressant-like effect in animal models and some antidepressants used in the clinic also have this effect. Myricitrin, a flavonoid extracted from various plants (eg. Eugenia uniflora), gives two possible activities particularly useful for the treatment of bipolar disorder and is therefore subject of this study, namely, antimanic activity by inhibiting PKCa and PKCe and antidepressant activity based on inhibition of means of nitric acid (NO), and showed antinociceptive, anxiolytic-like and antipsychotic-like action [1,2]. The aim of this study was to evaluate the antidepressant-like activity of myricitrin. Methods: Mice were submitted to chronic unpredictable mild stress. The mice (Swiss, male, 25-35g) were divided into two groups (stress and control), the stress group was submitted weekly to a battery of pseudorandom stress procedures (food or water deprivation, exposure to light or dark constant, inclined cage and wet bedding) for 5 weeks. Sucrose preference test (1%) (SPT) was carried out after each week of stress. After the induction of anhedonia (reduction of sucrose preference) at 5th week, mice were submitted to SPT, open field test (OFT) and immobility in forced swimming test (FST). These data were considered the baseline data. The mice are treated with imipramine (IMIP) (20 mg/kg, ip), myricitrin (MYR) (10 mg/kg, ip) or saline (SAL) and submitted to SPT, OF and FST after 7 and 14 days of treatment. Results: As expected, imipramine reversed the depressive-like behaviors (anhedonia and high immobility in FST) induced by unpredictable stress. Myricitrin also reversed these behaviors. In the SPT, both drugs were effective, reversing stress-induced anhedonia. In FST, both drugs were effective in decreasing the high immobility time. No treatment was significantly difference from control group in OFT, which shows that drugs does not affect locomotor in mice. In all tests (except OFT) p <0.002. (Table Presented) Conclusion: Both drugs were effective in reversing the depressive-like behavior on the parameters analyzed. The results obtained with imipramine validated the procedures. These results support the hypothesis that myricitrin presents a potential antidepressant-like effect at doses that did not change locomotor activity. This makes it a potential target for the search for new antidepressant drugs. ER  - 
Efficacy of omega-3 fatty acids in the treatment of borderline personality disorder: A study of association with valproic acid; Purpose of the study: Omega-3 fatty acids have received increasing interest for their stabilizing effects on plasmatic membranes and cell signalling. In recent years, a growing number of clinical trials on omega-3 fatty acids, such as eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) have got promising results supporting their use in several psychiatric disorders, in particular mood disorders and other syndromes characterized by impulsivity, hostility, and aggression. As disturbances in regulation of mood and impulse behaviors are core features of borderline personality disorder, omega-3 fatty acids may represent a potential tool for the treatment of this clinical population. Data concerning the use of these agents in BPD patients are still sparse. Only two trials [1] and [2] have tested the effects of (EPA) and (DHA) in patients with BPD. In order to further investigate the role of omega-3 fatty acids in the therapy of BPD, the present study is aimed to assess the efficacy and tolerability of EPA and DHA in association with the mood stabilizer valproic acid. Methods: 43 outpatients who received a DSM-IV-TR diagnosis of BPD were recruited. Patients were randomly assigned to one of two treatment arms for 12 weeks: (1) valproic acid (at a dose corresponding to a plasma level of 50-100 mg/ml); (2) EPA (1.2 g/day) and DHA (0.8 g/day) in combination with the same dose of valproic acid. Patients were evaluated at baseline and after 12 weeks with: CGI - Severity Item, HAM-D, HAM-A, SOFAS, BPDSI for BPD related symptoms, BIS-11 for impulsivity, MOAS for aggressiveness, SHI for self-injuries, and DOTES for adverse effects. Statistical analysis was performed on each rating scale with the univariate General Linear Model with two factors: duration and type of treatment. Results: Statistical analysis was conducted on the 34 completers. Changes of CGI-S, SOFAS, and HAM-A scores did not differ between treatments. The time factor and the interaction between time and treatment factors had both a significant effect on the HAM-D score and on the item affective instability of the BPDSI. The time and the treatment factors had both a significant effect on the SHI score. Significant effects on the BIS-11 score, the BPDSI total score, and the items 'impulsivity' and 'outbursts of anger' were found for the time factor, the treatment factor and the interaction between time and treatment factors. Conclusions: Valproate monotherapy and combination of valproate and omega-3 fatty acids can both be proposed as useful therapeutic options for the treatment of BPD: they have a similar efficacy on global symptoms, anxiety, and socio-relational functioning. However, combined therapy with fatty acids and valproate is more effective than valproate alone in reducing severity of several BPD symptoms, such as impulsivity, outbursts of anger, and self-mutilating conducts. The difference between treatments on depressive symptoms and mood instability is not significant at 12 weeks, but increases with the length of therapy. Adverse effects were mild to moderate dyspepsia, nausea, and weight gain. ER  - 
A randomised, double-blind, placebo controlled, cross-over trial of adjunctive L-arginine in schizophrenia; Purpose: Schizophrenia is a disabling disorder which impairs social, occupational and individual functioning. Current drug treatments for schizophrenia are only partially effective and combination/ augmentation strategies are commonly applied. L-Arginine is a conditionally essential amino acid that is a natural constituent of dietary proteins [1]. L-arginine is the precursor of nitric oxide (NO), a neuromodulator which is reported to take part in learning and memory, synaptic plasticity, and neuroprotection, [2]. NO modulate dopamine, GABA and glutamate systems, all of which have been implicated in schizophrenia [3].We aimed to investigate whether L-arginine add-on to current medication might improve positive, negative, cognitive and depressive symptoms associated with schizophrenia. Methods: The study was conducted at Hacettepe University Faculty of Medicine, Department of Psychiatry. Twelve patients, 18-65 years old, diagnosed with schizophrenia/schizoaffective disorder were included. The study was designed as a randomized, double blind, placebo controlled, crossover study of addition of L-arginine 3g b.i.d, as an add-on treatment to the patients usual medication. The active treatment period was 3 weeks (first phase), with a wash-out period of 5 days and re-commencing on the alternative arm of the randomization (second phase). The assessments were done at four times: day 0 as the baseline visit, day 21 after the first phase was completed, day 26 after the washout period and day 47 after the second phase was completed. Primary efficacy measure was the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS). Secondary efficacy measures were Calgary Depression Scale for Schizophrenia (CDSS), the Clinical Global Impression Scale (CGI), and a neuropsychological test battery consisted of the following: Rey Auditory Verbal Learning and Memory Test, Digit Span Forward and Backward Test from the Wechsler Memory Scale - Revised Edition (WMS-R), Controlled Word Association Test and Category Fluency Test, Trail Making Test - PartA/B, Auditory Consonant Trigram Test, Visual Reproduction subtest of the WMS-R and Rey-Osterrieth Complex Figure Test. Safety measurements included physical examination; assessment of vital signs and weight; laboratory investigations of hemogram, liver, renal and throid function tests and electrolytes; electrocardiogram and UKU Side Effect Rating Scale all of which were performed in each visit. Statistical analysis were done using SPSS for Windows, Version 15.0 Package Program. Mann-Whitney-U, Wilcoxon and Friedman's test were used where necessary. Results: Our preliminary analyses revealed that L-Arginine 6 mg/day add-on to usual treatment was not superior to placebo regarding total score and subscores of PANSS, CDSS and CGI. No significant change in neuropsychological test scores was observed. Safety measures did not change over time in either treatment period. The differential effect of L-Arginine on treatment resistant and non-resistant group are being evaluated. Conclusions: Even though we did not observe the beneficial effects of L-Arginine, different strategies might be employed to uncover the possible effects of this amino acid. These may include but not limited to increasing the sample size, stratifying a more homogenous group regarding the psychopathology and L-Arginine kinetics and using different dosing strategies. More randomized controlled trials are necessary to provide conclusive evidence on L-Arginine based add-on therapies for schizophrenia. ER  - 
New pharmacotherapeutic opportunities for the treatment of depression; The stimulus for the development of antidepressants has been mainly based on the monoamine hypothesis of depression. Despite the plethora of antidepressants of different classes and potencies for monoamine transporters and receptors, there is little evidence that any are as effective as ECT, or that the time of onset of therapeutic action is quicker than first-generation TCAs. Recently, a major change has taken place in antidepressant research with the discovery that ketamine (an NMDA receptor antagonist/AMPA glutamate receptor agonist) has rapid and sustained activity in some antidepressant-resistant patients, although psychotomimetic and dissociative side effects may limit widespread clinical use [1]. This has stimulated interest in the role of the glutamate system in depression and provides a potential link between chronic low-grade inflammation, hypercortisolaemia and neurodegenerative changes associated with major depression [2]. The glutamate-inflammation hypothesis is supported by the following evidence: 1. An increase in plasma pro-inflammatory cytokines in depression augments NMDA-glutamate function by several mechanisms, including decreased neuronal re-uptake of glutamate and enhancing synthesis of the glutamate agonist quinolinic acid, the end product of the cytokine-activated tryptophankynurenine pathway [3]. 2. The observation that NMDA receptor antagonists have antidepressant-like effects in rodent models of depression. 3. Research showing that AMPA receptor agonists and mTOR receptor antagonists have antidepressant-like activity. Ketamine is thought to act in this way. 4. Anti-inflammatory drugs enhance antidepressant activity in depressed patients and in animal models of depression. This presentation will assess the importance of the glutamateinflammation system as a target for novel antidepressants. ER  - 
A case of drug-induced liver injury arising from ripped fuel ©; Purpose: Ripped Fuel © is an advanced weight loss and fat-burning formula, containing herbal extract with 60% flavonoids, caffeine, and cacao. Although it has been known to have a good safety profile, we present a case that illustrates drug-induced liver injury secondary to its use. A 36-year-old female with history of depression and no prior liver disease presented with 1-week history of abdominal pain, anorexia, and nausea. She began to take Ripped Fuel © 3 weeks prior to developing these symptoms to lose weight. She denied use of other herbal medicine, supplements, or acetaminophen. For her depression, she had been taking venlafaxine for years, with no recent changes in medications. On physical examination, she had scleral icterus and mild jaundice. Abdominal examination revealed mild RUQ tenderness with no hepatosplenomegaly, and no stigmata of chronic liver disease. Initial laboratory findings suggested fulminant hepatic failure, with AST 2152 U/L, ALT 2711 U/L, ALP 290 U/L, total bilirubin 3.4 mg/dL, direct bilirubin 2.4 mg/dL, INR 1.2, BUN 10 mg/dL, and creatinine 0.7 mg/dL. Acute hepatitis panel was consistent with previous immunization to hepatitis A and hepatitis B, and was negative for hepatitis C. Autoimmune work-up with anti-smooth muscle antibody, anti-mitochondrial antibody, and immunoglobulin G, A, and M levels were all within normal limits. ANA was 1:80. As the liver enzymes continued to escalate with AST of 2,511 U/L, and ALT of 2,925 U/L, liver biopsy was performed on hospital day three. Findings of the liver biopsy was consistent with marked portal inflammation, with circumferential interface activity and bridging hepatocyte necrosis consistent with drug-induced liver injury (DILI). She was started on methylprednisone 60 mg/day and ursodeoxycholic acid (UDCA) 1,000 mg/day, and her AST, ALT levels began to improve instantly after beginning treatment. There was a lag of improvement in the level of bilirubin, which began to trend down 3 days after steroid treatment. She continued to improve clinically, with no evidence of hepatic failure during hospitalization, and was safely discharged. Discussion: Flavonoids have been described to cause significant liver injury in several case reports. Treatment after development of DILI has been poorly defined, besides discontinuing the triggering substance. Previously, steroids have been studied to prevent tissue damage from inflammatory response, which failed to show beneficial effects. Usage of UDCA has been shown to be favorable, due to protection of hepatocytes against cytotoxic effects of bile acids, and stimulating hepatobiliary secretion. Recently, combination of steroids and UDCA proved to benefit the outcome of patients with severe DILI. ER  - 
Rheumatoid arthritis patients' education: To a better understanding of medicines; Background and objective: Rheumatoid arthritis (RA) is a chronic autoimmune disease which can not be cured and that is responsible for loss of function, pain, stress, fatigue, depression. Disease modifying anti-rheumatic drugs (DMARDs) limit the progression of the disease but patients have to learn how to live with it. To help them to cope with RA in daily life, a multidisciplinary patient education program has been established in our University Hospital and deals with many themes. Setting and method: As pharmacists, we were asked for presenting treatments and giving tools about medicines. Using a terminology that patients can understand, we designed a pre-filled paper about drugs. Results: Patients want to gain new knowledge, share their experience, learn how to use drugs prescribed and accept the illness; they are better satisfied when their emotional well-being is considered, as described in literature. A 1-day education program in group is suggested to willing adult patients in our hospital, including drugs management. On the paper we elaborated, treatments are classified into two categories: DMARDs and symptomatic treatments. The position of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and corticosteroids in the therapeutic strategy is broached. Some additional recommendations are also simply written about, for example, administration procedures, the use of proton-pump inhibitors with anti-inflammatory drugs and laxatives with morphine. We insist on which drugs patients are allowed to take in self-medication, which associations are workable (especially to struggle against pain) and which drugs are only under prescriptions and are not in option. Issues about DMARDs are also explained (folic acid supplementation after methotrexate, anti-TNF alpha injections delayed in case of infection). Patients individually fill the pre-filled paper with the name of the drugs they used to take. Conclusions: Patients' treatments are summarized on this paper they bring back home. Thanks to that, we tempt to increase patients' empowerment and their quality of life as they should be able to selfmanage pain treatments. An evaluation of the impact of this pre-filled paper will have to be done retrospectively. ER  - 
Comparative effectiveness and safety of concomitant use of ssris in combination with nsaids or paracetamol; Background: Increased risk of adverse events, e.g. gastrointestinal bleeding (GIB) due to concomitant use of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) is well known, however, results regarding their proposed synergistic antidepressant effect are inconclusive. Objectives: To perform a register-based follow-up study among SSRI users with and without concomitant NSAID or paracetamol use to investigate safety and antidepressant treatment outcomes. Methods: Within a 25% random sample of the Danish population, we identified all incident SSRI users between 1997 and 2006. We compared rates of allcause and cause-specific mortality, any psychiatric hospitalization, hospitalization with depression or somatic events during periods of SSRI use only with rates during periods of combined SSRI and NSAID or paracetamol use. We applied COX regression and competing risk analyses with adjustment for confounders and report adjusted hazard rate ratios (HRR) with 95% confidence intervals (CI). Results: We identified 124,465 SSRI users, 24,284 (19.5%) using NSAIDs and 13,286 (10.7%) paracetamol concomitantly. SSRI in combination with NSAIDs was associated with a decreased risk for any psychiatric hospitalization [HRR (95% CI): 0.75 (0.67; 0.85)] and hospitalization with depression [0.80 (0.67; 0.94)] and no increased mortality [1.08 (0.96; 1.21)]. Paracetamol together with SSRI revealed an increased mortality [2.72 (2.46; 3.00], especially cardiovascular [3.02 (2.42; 3.75)]. No associations with GIBs were observed. Low-dose acetylsalicylic acid together with SSRIs reduced the risk for any psychiatric hospitalization [0.49 (0.38; 0.63)], depression [0.46 (0.34; 0.63)] and death [0.86 (0.73; 0.99)]. Diclofenac [1.88 (1.39; 2.54)] and selective COX-2 inhibitors [1.79 (1.35; 2.36)] showed increased mortality. Conclusions: Analyses of the different NSAIDs in combination with SSRIs highlighted the heterogeneity of safety and treatment outcomes of this therapeutic class. Specific NSAIDs may represent a beneficial adjunctive antidepressant treatment option. The increased mortality finding concerning paracetamol requires further investigation. ER  - 
Population characteristics, treatment patterns and medical events in patients with psoriatic arthritis; Background: The association of comorbidities and psoriatic arthritis (PsA) is limited to a few small studies. We employ a large US database to study selected drug treatment patterns and medical events in PsA. Objectives: To describe the demographics, treatments, and prevalence of medical events in patients with PsA using administrative claims data. Methods: This retrospective study of Marketscan data included patients with ≥ 2 claims having a diagnosis (index event) of PsA (ICD-9 code 696.0) between 7/1/ 2006 and 12/31/2009, with no other inflammatory rheumatic conditions, and 24 months of follow-up. Drug therapy was assessed for topical agents, disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs (DMARDs), biologics, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), antimalarials, antibiotics, and corticosteroids. Medical events assessed were opportunistic infections, upper respiratory tract infection (URTI), malignancy, cardiovascular (CV), and psychiatric events. Cross-tab analysis and univariate statistics explored relationships among demographics, medical events, and drug therapy. Results: In this database, of 3,874 patients meeting the PsA criteria, 53.5% were female, with a mean age of approximately 50 years. Post-index (24 months) treatments included topical and systemic corticosteroids (51.8% and 49.2% respectively), DMARDs (50.1%), anti-TNF agents (45.9%), topical agents (28.8%) and NSAIDs (21.6%). Medical event prevalence included CV (44.0%), URTI (26.3%), malignancy (15.6%), psychiatric (13.7%), and opportunistic infections (8.6%). The most prevalent opportunistic infections were candidiasis (47.4%), herpes simplex (21.6%), varicella zoster (12.0%), and human papilloma virus (8.4%). The most common medical conditions associated with anti- TNF therapy included hypertension (47.0%), URTI (27.5%), skin cancer (16.3%), and depression (15.5%). Conclusions: In a US claims database, patients with PsA had a high use of corticosteroids, DMARDs, and anti-TNF agents. The prevalence of opportunistic infections, as well as cardiovascular, respiratory tract infection, malignancy, and psychiatric medical conditions are reported. ER  - 
Impact of regulatory warnings on concomitant use of oxycodone and macrolide antibiotics; Background: Oxycodone, an opioid analgesic marketed in the U.S. to treat moderate to severe pain, can cause potentially fatal respiratory depression when used in conjunction with other medications that inhibit the metabolism of cytochrome P450 3A4 enzymes. In June 2001, the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) issued a 'black box' warning against concomitant use of oxycodone and macrolide antibiotics, which are potent cytochrome P450 3A4 inhibitors. Objectives: To determine if the oxycodone label change was associated with reductions in potentially dangerous co-prescribing of oxycodone and macrolide antibiotics among patients enrolled in the Tennessee Medicaid program. Methods: The authors used data from the Tennessee Medicaid Research database from 1996 to 2004 to conduct an interrupted time series analysis using segmented regression analysis of the impact of the June 2001 label change on concomitant use of oxycodone and macrolide antibiotics. Results: After adjusting for secular trends, concomitant use of oxycodone and macrolide antibiotics continued to increase at a rate of 0.91 (95% confidence interval = 0.72, 1.09; p < 0.001) per 100,000 enrollees per month in the post-intervention period. Concomitant use of oxycodone and amoxicillin, a potential replacement medication for macrolide antibiotics, continued to increase at a rate of 2.23 (95% confidence interval = 1.59, 2.87; p < 0.001) per 100,000 enrollees per month in the post-intervention period. Conclusions: Potentially dangerous concomitant use of oxycodone and macrolide antibiotics continued to increase after the FDA's 2001 regulatory action. ER  - 
A comparative study of addition therapy of choline alfoscerate and omega 3 fatty acid in older depressed patients with or without executive dysfunction; The 'Depression Executive Dysfunction Syndrome' afflicts a considerable number of depressed elderly patients and may be resistant to conventional pharmacotherapy. We studied the Choline Alfoscerate or the ethyl ester of eicosapentaenoic acid (EEPA) as an adjunct to antidepressant treatment for episodes of depressive disorder occurring in older depressed patients (over 60 years old) with or without executive dysfunction. The design was a 12-week, parallel-group, double-blind addition of Choline Alfoscerate or EEPA to ongoing antidepressant therapy. Patients continued their current antidepressant treatment (only one SSRI) at the same dose they were receiving when they entered the study. The EEPA was given in 1-g doses twice a day for a total of 2 g/day. The Choline Alfoscerate was given in 400mg doses twice a day for a total of 800mg/day. Executive functions were assessed with Controlled Oral Word Association Test and the Korean Stroop Color-Word Test and Trail Making Test part B. Depressive symptoms were measured by Korean Geriatric depression scale (K-GDS), Quick Inventory of Depressive Symptomology-Self Report (QIDSSR). 345 patients participated. A total of 285 patients completed the study. At endpoint (12 weeks), the mean change from baseline in QIDS-SR total score was -22.2 for patients treated with Choline Alfoscerate (n = 162) and -21.5 for patients with E-EPA (n = 123), resulting in no difference. But, both abnormal controlled oral word association test and abnormal Stroop Color-Word scores were associated with a favorable response of geriatric depression to additional treatment. Conclusions: Improvement of frontal lobe dysfunction was found after supplementation of Choline Alfoscerate in geriatric depressive patients with executive dysfunction. ER  - 
Descriptive review of morphea subjects from a single cohort center; Background/Purpose: Morphea, or localized scleroderma, is an idiopathic, rare fibrotic skin disorder that may result in tissue atrophy, pigment changes, and contractures. Disability may range from purely cosmetic, causing great anxiety, to lifelong functional disability. Methods: We conducted a retrospective chart review of pediatric and adults diagnosed with morphea at UMDNJ, and data on types of morphea, possible triggering events, disease course, complications and therapies. Descriptive analysis was done on all variables. Results: Table 1 lists the clinical manifestations: there were 26 subjects (2 males), mostly Caucasians females of mean age 45±24 (10-85 years). Five had known associated autoimmune disease. Only 2 patients had a family history of morphea. Thirty-eight percent had a family history of autoimmune disease including SLE, RA, Crohn's and thyroid disease. Types of morphea, and known triggering events are listed in table 1. (Table presented) Sizes ranged from small (<3±1.5 cm) to large (16±16 cm) with (85%) associated itching, tightness, dryness, burning, pain, or contracture requiring intervention. More than 90% had more than one lesion involving the trunk or extremity. Generalized SQ and eosinophilic fasciitis were only found in adults. Elevated CPK and inflammatory markers were more common with extensive disease. Extra-cutaneous manifestations presented in 18 subjects, including arthralgias, fatigue, and Raynaud. Two adults had monoclonal gammopathy associated with GSM. Tissue atrophy occurred in 14 subjects and 81% had long-term cosmetic issues (pigmentary changes), pain or depression due to their lesions. One was functionally disabled. Twenty-four patients received the following therapy: Topical steroid (n=1), intra-lesional steroid (n=1), UV phototherapy (n=1). Immunosuppression was generally used for extensive disease: Methotrexate (n=17) alone or with systemic corticosteroids, etanercept, penicillamine, hydroxychloroquine, cyclosporine and cyclophosphamide. One patient with GSM required skin grafting. Morphea improved but did not resolve in 19 subjects; only one had resolution after 6 years. One patient had a relapse, two progressed and one child had limb length discrepancy. Of 18 patients with extra-cutaneous manifestations, 5 improved concurrently with their skin lesions. Conclusion: Many morphea subjects sought therapy for their discomfort or complications. Long-term consequences, including joint pains and cosmetic issues, did not always resolve despite improvement of the morphea. More studies are needed to understand the various types of morphea and its clinical consequences to improve long-term outcomes. ER  - 
Patient-reported outcomes of etanercept in early non-radiographic axial spondyloarthritis: A 12-week, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; Background/Purpose: Limited data are available on the efficacy of anti-TNF agents in non-radiographic axial spondyloarthritis (nr-axSpA). This analysis compares the impact of etanercept (ETN) vs placebo (PBO) on patient-reported outcomes (PROs), after 12 weeks of double-blind treatment in patients (pts) with nr-axSpA who had an insufficient response to NSAIDs. Methods: Enrolled pts satisfied ASAS criteria for axSpA, had symptom duration of 3 months-5 years and a BASDAI score≥4 despite current NSAID use. Pts were randomized to ETN 50 mg weekly or PBO with concomitant background NSAIDs. The primary clinical endpoint was ASAS40 at week 12. PROs included BASDAI, BASFI, BAS-G, Work Productivity and Activity Index-Ankylosing Spondylitis (WPAI-AS), Multidimensional Fatigue Inventory (MFI), Nocturnal back pain VAS, total back pain VAS, subject assessment of disease activity (SGA), Short Form (SF-36), Medical Outcomes Study (MOS)-Sleep, Patient Acceptable Symptom State (PASS), Minimal Clinically Important Improvement (MCII), EuroQol (EQ)-5D and Hospital Anxiety and Depression Screening (HADS). ANCOVA models were used with baseline score, treatment, region and SI status as variables. LOCF was used for missing data. Results: At baseline, MFI general scores (14.7, 15.0 [ETN, PBO]), EQ-5D utility scores (0.52, 0.57), EQ-5D VAS scores (56.5, 56.4) and MOS Sleep Index II scores (45.5, 48.1) were worse than population norms (6.6-8.01, 0.862, 82.53 and 25.84, respectively). By week 12, more pts achieved ASAS40 with ETN50 than PBO (32% vs. 16%, P=0.006).5 By week 12 significant improvements favoring ETN50 vs. PBO were seen in stiffness, joint pain, ease of standing from an armless chair, ease of physically demanding and full-day activities, looking over the shoulder, reaching up high, putting on socks and SGA (p<0.05 for all, Table). Mean WPAI presenteeism, SF-36 bodily pain and MOS-sleep quantity favored ETN50 (P<0.05), as did the proportion of pts with MCII (p=0.0458). Non-significant improvements for ETN50 vs. PBO were seen in bending forward from the waist, WPAI, MFI, MOS-Sleep Problems Index I and II, HADS, EQ-5D and SF-36 total scores (P>0.05 for all). Conclusion: The data show substantial improvements in PRO measures for disease specific and functional domains such as BASDAI, BASFI, BAS-G, and pain, but limited improvement on general PRO measures such as sleep, fatigue and general health. Short disease duration, a short placebocontrolled period, and a wide range of PRO scores at baseline may have influenced relative improvements. (Table Presented). ER  - 
What proportion of patients with rheumatoid arthritis fail to achieve remission based on the patient global? An analysis from the prospective, observational biologic treatment registry across Canada; Background/Purpose: According to the latest ACR/EULAR guidelines, Boolean remission in RA is defined as achievement of patient global assessment (PtGA) ≤1, 28-swollen joint count (SJC) ≤ 1, 28-tender joint count (TJC) ≤ 1, and C-reactive protein (CRP) ≤ 1 mg/dL. Recently, PtGA has been criticized for not accurately assessing RA disease activity, as it may reflect aspects not directly related to RA disease activity such as fibromyalgia, low back pain, depression or other conditions. The aim of this analysis was to assess the proportion of patients failing to achieve remission based on PtGA in a real-world, routine clinical care setting in Canada. Methods: Biologic Treatment Registry Across Canada (BioTRAC) is an ongoing, prospective registry of patients initiating treatment for RA, AS, or PsA with infliximab or golimumab as first biologics or after having been treated with a biologic for less than six months. In this analysis, data from RA patients who were treated with infliximab between January 2002 and June 2011 were used. Correlation of PtGA with other clinical outcome measures was assessed with general linear models. Results: Eight hundred and thirty-eight RA patients who had 4,582 assessments were included in the analysis. Mean (SD) age was 55.6 (13.5) years and mean (SD) duration since diagnosis was 10.5 (19.8) years. A total of 2,015 instances of non-remission were identified, of which 620 (30.8%) were near-remission cases. Near-remission is defined as attainment of three of the four Boolean criteria (CRP, SJC, TJC and PtGA). Among these, PtGA was the most common reason of non-remission (54.0%), followed by 28-tender joint count (TJC28; 27.7%), C-reactive protein (CRP; 10.0%), and 28-swollen joint count (SJC28; 8.2%). General linear models using PtGA as the dependent variable showed a statistically significant (P<0.001) positive association with HAQ-DI (mean (95%CI) estimate = 2.57 (2.47, 2.67), TJC28 (0.21 (0.20, 0.22), SJC28 (0.24 (0.23, 0.26)), physician global assessment (0.67 (0.64, 0.70), and pain (0.940 (0.93, 0.95). Conclusion: The results of this analysis have shown that PtGA is the most common limiting factor in achieving Boolean ACR/EULAR remission, accounting for as many as 54% of the near-remission cases. However, a positive association was observed between PtGA and clinical outcomes, functional activity, and pain. Further analyses are required to identify the determinants of patient global assessment. ER  - 
What is the real world relationship between patient-reported pain or patient global assessment and disease activity indices in rheumatoid arthritis? An analysis from the prospective, observational, biologic treatment registry across Canada; Background/Purpose: Patient-reported outcomes such as pain and patient global assessment of disease activity (PtGA) have been critiqued for not accurately assessing rheumatoid arthritis (RA) disease activity as they may reflect aspects not directly related to RA disease activity (e.g. fibromyalgia, low back pain, depression, etc.) or related to non-RA conditions. The aim of this analysis is to describe the relationship between patient-reported pain and disease activity levels, as measured with DAS28-ESR, CDAI, and SDAI, in a real-world, routine clinical care setting. An additional aim is to assess the occurrence of non-remission driven solely by pain using PtGA as a proxy for pain. Methods: Biologic Treatment Registry Across Canada (BioTRAC) is an ongoing, Canadian prospective registry of rheumatology patients initiating treatment with infliximab or golimumab. In this analysis, data from RA patients who were treated with infliximab between January 2002 and June 2011 were used. Correlation of pain (VAS mm) with DAS28-ESR, CDAI and SDAI in a continuous or binary (low disease activity: yes vs. no; remission: yes vs. no) scale was assessed with linear regression and logistic regression, respectively. For the assessment of non-remission due to PtGA, DAS28-ESR, CDAI, and SDAI remission rates were compared to “non-PtGA” remission rates, calculated by subtracting the relative contribution of PtGA to the index. Results: Eight hundred thirty eight RA patients who had 4,582 assessments were included in the analysis. A significant (P<0.001) positive linear relationship was found between pain and DAS28-ESR (standardized coefficient (β)=0.662), CDAI (β=0.660), and SDAI (β=0.659). Increased pain was associated with reduced odds of achieving remission or low disease activity as defined by DAS28-ESR, CDAI, and SDAI (Table 1). Correlation analysis showed that a strong positive linear correlation existed between pain and PtGA (r = 0.914), supporting the use of PtGA as a proxy for pain. Cross-tabulation of remission achievement with “non-PtGA” remission achievement revealed that omission of PtGA from the DAS28-ESR, CDAI, and SDAI indices would result in the re-classification of an additional 2.0%, 9.3%, and 9.6% of the cases as remission. (Table Presented) Conclusion: The results of this analysis show that increased pain is associated with higher disease activity as measured by the DAS28-ESR, CDAI and SDAI, which may be due to the strong correlation of pain with PtGA. Omission of PtGA from these disease activity indices resulted in the classification of additional cases as remission cases to an extent that paralleled the strictness of the remission criteria (i.e., from the less “strict” DAS28- ESR index to the more “strict” SDAI). Therefore, the CDAI and SDAI might be more sensitive to pain not directly related to RA. ER  - 
Infliximab for sight-threatening and refractory uveitis of behcet's syndrome; Background/Purpose: Uncontrolled studies suggest a beneficial effect of infliximab in the treatment of severe uveitis of BS. The majority of these studies had short observation periods. Methods: The charts of 43 BS patients (33 men; age at the initiation of infliximab: 31±8.4 SD years) treated with infliximab (5 mg/kg) were reviewed retrospectively. All patients had severe, sight-threatening posterior uveitis of long-duration (82±50 SD months) refractory to previous treatments with multiple immunosuppressives (azathioprine=43, Cyclosporin A=42, Interferon alfa=38; duration of previous treatment: 62±43 SD months) and steroids. Efficacy was assessed by the change of visual acuity (LogMAR VA) and the decrease in the number of attacks under infliximab. Results: The duration of infliximab treatment was 31±18 SD months (median 29 months). In 37 (86%) patients infliximab was combined with azathioprine (n= 26), azathioprine and cyclosporine A (n=10) or interferon alfa (n=1). Twenty-nine (67%) patients had no useful vision (LogMAR >1) in at least one eye at the time of initiation of infliximab. Five (17%) had gained useful vision of both eyes under infliximab. The mean VA (all patients) was maintained under infliximab (right eye: 0.83± 0.74 vs 0.84 ±0.79; left eye: 1.27±0.83 vs 1.13±0.88). VA of the worse eye improved in 11 patients, remained stable in 24 and worsened in 8 patients under infliximab. Eleven patients (26%) had no attacks during previous treatment and were prescribed infliximab to protect the already compromised vision. The VA remained stable or improved in 10 patients and 9 patients remained attack free under infliximab. Thirty-two patients (74%) had attacks before infliximab. Eleven (34%) of them became attack free under infliximab. The number of uveitis attacks per year (all patients) under previous immunosuppressive treatment dropped from 1.9 ±3 to 0.3 ±0.6 in the right eye (p=0.0001) and from 2.5± 2.9 to 0.3 ±0.6 in the left eye (p=0.0001). There was also a significant decrease in the numbers of patients with hypopyon (11 and 3; x2= 5.46, p=0.019), vascular infiltrations (23 and 12; x2= 5.83, p=0.016), macular edema (8 and 1; x2= 6.08, p=0.014), and retinal hemorrhages (7 and 0; x2= 7.62, p=0.006) under infliximab. Infliximab treatment was terminated in 16 patients (adverse events=5, inefficacy =1, terminal eye disease = 4, unrelated reasons = 6). Fifteen of these patients received further treatment (biologics = 3, azathioprine =12) for 22±13 SD months and 12 of them remained attack free during this period. The adverse events causing discontinuation were pulmonary tuberculosis in 3 (at 17., 32., and 46. month of infliximab treatment, respectively), depression in 1, pneumonia in 1 patient. Conclusion: Infliximab combined with immunosuppressives was useful in preserving visual acuity and in controlling the attacks of BS patients with refractory, sight-threatening uveitis at the long-term. Relapses were infrequent after discontinuation. Tuberculosis appears as a concern in prolonged treatment. ER  - 
The association between pain and clinical outcomes in children with CF; Introduction: Pain is being recognized as an increasingly common and important symptom in individuals with CF, though little is known about the association between pain and clinical outcomes in the pediatric CF population. Objective: To describe the frequency and location of pain in a pediatric CF population and to assess the impact of pain on quality of life (QOL) and pulmonary exacerbations. Methods: A prospective cohort study at a single pediatric CF clinic. We enrolled consecutive patients between age 12 and 20 between October 2011 and August 2012. Patients completed a baseline questionnaire and a followup questionnaire 6 months later. The surveys included the Revised Children's Anxiety and Depression Survey (RCADS) and the Cystic Fibrosis Questionnaire Revised (CFQ-R). The electronic medical record was reviewed for the 6 months following the baseline survey to determine episodes of treatment for acute pulmonary exacerbations. Associations between pain and other variables were assessed using chi-squared tests, linear and logistic regression. Results: A total of 73 patients completed baseline questionnaires (67% of eligible population). The mean age was 15.6 years, 56% were female and 86% were white. The mean FEV1 was 2.38±0.95 L or 79.3±26.0% predicted. The questionnaires 89% of patients reported some pain in the 3 months prior to the study and it lasted a few hours or less in 80.6% of patients. Head, abdominal and chest pain were most common; 43% described pain as mild, 50% as moderate, and 7% as severe. Presence of pain in the last 7 days was significantly associated with concurrent symptoms of major depression and separation anxiety. Baseline pain was significantly associated with lower future QOL on the CFQ-R. Specifically, a one quartile increase in pain resulted in a 5.56 point lower score on the Physical domain (p=0.01) and a 5.31 point lower score on the Emotion domain (0.016). Treatment with IV antibiotics for a CF exacerbation over the 6 months following the baseline survey was more likely in patients with higher ratings of pain, OR=1.3 (1.06-1.67; p=0.01) for each 1-point increase in pain on a 10-point scale. Conclusion: Mild to moderate pain is common in adolescents and young adults with CF. It is associated with symptoms of depression and results in lower QOL and increased risk for pulmonary exacerbations. More attention is needed to understand the relationships between depression, pain, and outcomes with the goal of optimizing treatment of this challenging symptom. ER  - 
Development of an automated SPE procedure for the measurement of serum Celecoxib by LC-MS/MS; Background: Cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2)-selective inhibitors, such as Celecoxib (Celebrex®), have recently found therapeutic benefit not only in the treatment of neuroinflammatory and neurodegenerative disorders but also as an alternative therapy for pain management. Management of severe pain is usually with opioid-based pain medications, such as Codeine or Morphine, but they have significant side effects including respiratory depression that has resulted in death. The non-steroidal antiinflammatory drug (NSAID), Celecoxib, is devoid of such opioid-related side effects. As the use of this alternative medication in pain management has increased, this laboratory has received interest in the monitoring of Celecoxib blood concentrations in patients receiving the drug to gauge adequacy of therapy whilst striving to avoid potential toxic side effects. We have developed a rapid LC-MS/MS method for the measurement of Celecoxib in blood samples prepared for analysis using an automated solid phase extraction (SPE) technique. Methods: Extraction of Celecoxib from serum samples was carried out by an HTSPAL autosampler robot, using disposable ITSP C18 SPE cartridges. Celecoxib was quantified by LC-MS/MS via electrospray ionisation (ESI) using multiple reaction monitoring (MRM) and Celecoxib-d4 as internal standard. Results: The assay was linear over the analytical range 0.5-10,000 ng/mL. Lower limits of detection (LLOD) and quantification (LLOQ) of Celecoxib were 0.88 ng/mL and 3.34 ng/mL, respectively. Intra-assay (n = 5) and inter-assay (n = 5) imprecision of Celecoxib in all samples were 0.05% relative standard deviation (RSD) (r2 for slope of calibration curve 0.9995) and 0.11% RSD (r2 for slope of calibration curve 0.9994), respectively. The analytical recovery of Celecoxib spiked into serum was >95%. Matrix effect in serum was 3.5% and extracted samples were stable for at least 14 days at 10°C. Conclusion: The described validated LC-MS/MS method for the detection of Celecoxib in SPE-prepared serum is a quick and easy procedure for the measurement of this drug in samples taken for therapeutic drug monitoring purposes. The method can be readily introduced onto a laboratory LCMS system, a technology now available to and employed by many clinical laboratories. ER  - 
Calcium antagonistic effects of ethanolic myrrh extract in inflamed intestinal smooth muscle preparations; INTRODUCTION: Myrrh is the oleo-gum resin of mainly Commiphora molmol ENGLER (Burseraceae) and as powdered substance one compound in the traditional medicinal product Myrrhinil-INTEST®, which has been used for the treatment of unspecific and inflammatory intestinal disorders. To date only limited data is available regarding its mechanism of action. Besides antimykotic and antiphlogistic properties calcium antagonistic and antidiarrhoic effects have been discussed [1]. AIMS&METHODS: The aim of the present study was to evaluate the calcium antagonistic effect of myrrh. Therefore, an ethanolic myrrh extract (MY) was tested for its effects on muscle tone and acetylcholine (ACh)-induced contractions in untreated and inflamed rat ileum/jejunum preparations. Inflammation was experimentally induced by 2,4,6-trinitrobenzene sulfonic acid (TNBS, 10 mM, 30min). Additionally, the effect of the calcium channel agonist Bay K8644 in presence of varying MY concentrations was examined to confirm the calcium antagonistic effect. RESULTS: MY suppressed the ACh-induced contraction down to 25,75 % (0,99 mg/ml MY). MY(0,15; 0,25 and 0,35 mg/ml) induced a concentration-dependent right-ward shift of the Bay K8644 concentration-response curve in untreated and inflamed preparations with a significant EC50 shift. Schild analyses resulted in a pA2 value of 0,93 for untreated preparations. Increasing MY concentrations induced a concentration-dependent decrease of the agonistic maximum effect in untreated and inflamed preparations down to 15,84% and 25,78% respectively for the highest concentration leading to a pD2 value of 0,58. CONCLUSION: MY reduced intestinal muscle tone and ACh-induced contraction of untreated and inflamed ileum/jejunum preparations based on dual calcium antagonism characterised by a right-shift of the agonistic dose-response curve and a depression of maximum effect. The resulting reduction of intestinal motility and spasmolytic effects provide a rationale for the treatment of intestinal disorders. ER  - 
6th International Conference on Environmental Health Science; The proceedings contain 142 papers. The special focus in this conference is on modern Environmental Health Science. The topics include: Legacy, emerging, emerged and re-emerging toxic contaminants in environmental compartments of Korea; occurrence and distribution of pharmaceuticals in the marine environment of Korea; multiple biomarker approaches to assess the effects of marine environmental contaminants on fish; efficiency of embryonic zebra fish model in toxicology: toxicity of nanoparticles; study for adverse impacts of ambient particulate matter on population health in Beijing; the advent of NGS and its various application in recent research; environment and skin; environmental diseases and nervous system; endocrine disrupting chemicals and infertility; allergic rhinitis and environment; copolymer based microcompositions and their application as biomaterials; some researches on monitoring method for ballast water treatment systems; advances in pathogen detection using aptamer based biosensors; fluorescent sensors for heavy metal ions; the usefulness of micrornaome in biological responses and toxic mechanism to environmental toxicants; serum profiling analysis for major depressive disorder during antidepressant therapy; zinc oxide nanoparticles induce hif-1alpha-mediated skin toxicity by interfering with electron transfer chain complex iii of mitochondria; emerging toxic contaminants in sludge from wastewater treatment plants (WWTPS) in Korea; prion mutations in Korean ad and dementia patients; seasonal variation of blood mercury levels in Korean general population; total mercury concentrations in maternal and cord blood: moceh (mothers and children’s environmental health) study; mercury concentration level of residents in vulnerable area in republic of Korea; follow-up study of residents over exposed to mercury in abandoned metal mine areas in republic of Korea (2008~2012); vertical distributions of polychlorinated naphthalenes and biphenyls in a sediment core of Tokyo bay, Japan; spatial distribution and temporal trends of persistent organic pollutants in sediment and bivalves from Korean coastal waters during 2001-2012; cyclic and linear siloxanes in sludge from wastewater treatment plants (WWTPS) in Korea; bisphenol analogues in sludge from wastewater treatment plants (WWTPS in Korea; infant exposure assessment to polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDES) via baby food consumption in Korea; temporal trends of perfluorinated compounds (PFCS) in surface sediment from lake shihwa, Korea during 2001-2011; discovery of characteristic molecular signatures for the simultaneous prediction and detection of environmental pollutants; octanal-induced inflammatory responses in cells relevant for lung toxicity: expression and release of cytokines in a549 human alveolar cells; analysis of microrna and mrna expression profiles highlights alterations in modulation of the MAPK pathway under octanal exposure; polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (pah)-mediated upregulation of hepatic microrna-181 family promote cancer cell migration by targeting MAPK phosphatase-5, regulating the activation of p38 MAPK; circulating mirnas as sensitive and specific biological indicators of environmental and occupational exposure to volatile organic compound (voc); dose-response analysis of the effects of persistent organic pollutants (pops) on gene expression in human hepatocytes; gene expression analysis of saturated aliphatic aldehydes reveals carbon number specific molecules involved in pulmonary toxicity; analysis of MRNA expression profiles highlights alterations in modulation of the DNA damage-related genes under butanal exposure in a549 human alveolar epithelial cells; modulation of inflammatory responsive microrna and MRNA by low-molecular weight saturated aliphatic aldehydes exposure in a549 human alveolar cells; the pro-inflammatory cytokine il-33 up-regulates egr-1 dependent tslp expression in human keratinocytes via MAPK pathways; chloroform upregulation vegf expression in human keratinocytes via the hif-1α dependent pathway; chloroform induces egr-1 dependent TSLP expression via the JNK and ERK pathway; cytotoxicity and inhibition of intercellular interaction in n2a neurospheroids by perfluorooctanoic acid and perfluorooctanesulfonic acid; interaction between gstm1/gstt1 polymorphism and blood mercury on birth weight; enhanced redox factor 1 (ref1)-modulated p53 stabilization and jnk1 dissociation in response to selenomethionine; identification of molecular candidates and interaction networks via integrative toxicogenomic analysis in a human cell line following low-dose exposure to the carcinogenic metals cadmium and nickel; expression profiling in prostate cancer: identification of biomarkers and pathways associated with anti-androgen treatment; serum profiling analysis for major depressive disorder during antidepressant therapy; the three novel superoxide dismutase (sod) genes identified in the marine polychaete perinereis nuntia and their differential response to combined metal exposure condition; expression profiles of glutathione-related genes in the marine ciliate euplotes crassus – exposed to heavy metals; the expression of aquaporin and na+/k+-atpase in the monogonant rotifer, brachionus Koreanus under environmental stress conditions; transcriptional modulation of glutathione-s-transferase genes in response to copper and cadmium in the monogonont rotifer brachionus Koreanus; inhibitory effect of various phytochemicals on hydrofluoric acid-induced lymphocyte dna damage; proteomic analysis of differentially expressed proteins in hydrofluoric acid-exposed human dermal fibroblast; the effect of di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate to cell cycle of endometrial cancer cell line; meta-analysis of microarray gene expression datasets in silico risk assessment of bisphenol a; autoantibody for aβ was measured by bridging elisa technique in plasma; microcompositions for integrating dna probe and their applications in aptamer screening; molecular and genomic approach for understanding the gene-environment interaction between nrf2 deficiency and carcinogenic nickel-induced dna damage; effects of layered double hydroxide nanoparticles on oxidative stress and inflammation in human lung cancer a549 cells; the polychaete worm, perinereis nuntia, is a good test organism for evaluation of sediment pollution; changes in gene expression profile in endocrine disrupting chemical exposed marine medaka fish; comparison of the gene expression profiling from exposed zebrafish embryos between silver nano and silver nano including nematocysts of hydra magnipapillata; comparative acute toxicity of differential metal-doped tio 2 nanoparticles during zebrafish embryogenesis; a new approach to better understand biological effects of nanomaterials on plants: root elongation and iron nanoparticles; effect of tributyltin on early embryonic development in the sea urchin (hemicentrotus pulcherrimus); effect of phenol on embryo development and expression of metallothionein in the sea urchin hemicentrotus pulcherrimus; marine acidification and climate change; the effect on soft coral gene expression; transcriptome dynamics in hydra exposed to three pain relievers; bacterial pathogen detection in soft coral using pcr-based assay; effect of uv radiation on oxidative stress and antioxidants in three marine macroalgal species; distinct effect of silver and arsenic on the antioxidant system of lemna paucicostata; analysis of oral microbiota in children’s dental caries; effect of dietary habit to mercury exposure in schoolchildren in youngnam district, Korea; triptolide inhibits inducible nitric oxide synthase expression induced by toll-like receptor agonists; eupatorium japonicum extract suppresses the expression of inducible nitric oxide synthase and cyclooxygenase-2 induced by toll-like receptor agonists; isoliquiritigenin inhibits the expression of the cyclooxygenase-2 and inducible nitric oxide synthase induced by ovalbumin; upregulation of myoglobin and pain through low frequency and high amplitude electrical stimulation-induced muscle contraction; analysis of the electrical characteristics of brachial-ankle pulse wave velocity in chronic hemiplegic stroke patients for health sciences; effects of ultraviolet-radiation on several physiological parameters in three lemna SPP.; occurence and exposure assessment of polychlorinated biphenyls (pcbs) and organochlorine pesticides (ocps) in homemade babyfood from Korea; determination of exposure duration and number of fronds for a lemna bioassay using the inhibition of root elongation in l. paucicostata; psen1 l226f: a pathogenic mutation in a Korean eoad patient; pulmonary distribution study by intratracheal instillation using evans blue, oil red o and sio2 (ritc) in the mice; differentiating oligomeric forms of α-synuclein from monomeric form in parkinsonism patients; development and validation of aerosol dilution system for inhalation study; method development and validation of triclosan aerosol generation for inhalation study; molecular characterization of ligand binding domain of aryl hydrocarbon receptor 1 in 15 avian species; comparative analysis of homology models of avian ahrs to decipher the interspecies differences in responses to dioxins; identification of airborne fungi by raman spectroscopy; assessment of antifungal activity of tioconazole-assembled nanoparticles in fungi; the effects of released zinc ion on gene expression changes; characterization of commercial antibacterial humidifier disinfectant by surface enhanced raman spectroscopy; efficient remediation of hg 2+ in contaminated water by cu nanoparticles and synthesis and characterization of fluorescent silver nanoclusters for detection of hg2+ in aqueous solution. ER  - 
Moxifloxacin induced brief psychotic episode: a case report; Quinolones are broad-spectrum antibiotics used for the treatment of several infectious diseases. Although they are frequently used due to high bioavailability and good safety, they may have psychiatric and neurological side effects such as depression, delirium, psychosis and convulsions. There have been published reports of delirium related with ciprofloxacin, gatifloxacin, yet according to our knowledge, there is no report implicating moxifloxacin as a contributor to psychosis. We present a 60 years old female patient, who was admitted to hospital with high fever, cough and fatigue. Moxifloxacin treatment was started with the diagnosis of atypical pneumonia. Disorganised speech, disturbances in perception and thought occurred on moxifloxacin treatment and resolved 3 days after withdrawal of moxifloxacin. ER  - 
5th International Congress on Psychopharmacology & International Symposium on Child and Adolescent Psychopharmacology; The proceedings contain 307 papers. The special focus in this conference is on child and adolescent psychopharmacology. The topics include: Interpersonal psychotherapy (IPT) in the perinatal context; complementary medicine in antidepressant treatment; type of traumatic experience and depression in adolescents; neuroprotective properties of the sigma-1 ligand afobazole; novel antiparkinsonian and neuroprotective drug hemantane; smoking and beyond in schizophrenia patients; coping with adherence problems in longterm psychiatric treatments; code of ethics, obligations and specific points in the perinatal psychiatry; impact of maternal treatments on the infant during the perinatal period symposium of the Marcé society; correction of astenoadinamic option of post abstinence disorders; psychiatry and psychopharmacotherapy in post-soviet space; irrational use of antipsychotic drugs as one of the problems of emotional burnout syndrome; pharmacogenomics of treatment response in depression; neuroimaging as a tool to observe impact of CYP2D6 on neural activation in humans; therapeutic interventions and oxidative stress markers in bipolar disorder; synaptic and intracellular signaling pathway dysfunctions in depression; hospital-based community psychiatric services in Malaysia; anxiety disorders in pregnancy; the importance of therapeutic drug monitoring in child and adolescent psychiatry; pharmacokinetic, pharmacodynamic and pharmacogenetic approach in the field of child and adolescent psychiatry in Turkey and the world; different approaches for treatment of social anxiety in adolescents; emergency situations in child and adolescent psychiatry and its management; current treatment modalities for tic disorders in children and adolescents; importance of pharmagenetics in the psychiatry of child and adolescent; psychiatric evaluation and follow-up of bariatric surgery patients; classification and epidemiology of eating disorders in the DSM-5; psychopharmacological treatments in eating disorders & comorbid conditions; role of hypothalamic neuropeptides and atypical antipsychotics effects on the regulation of eating behavior; possible mechanisms of atypical antipsychotic induced weight gain and preventive treatment options; properties of antipsychotics in patients with schizophrenia in care centers; rational drug use in schizophrenia; psychosocial rehabilitation for schizophrenia; adherence to treatment in patients with schizophrenia; management of the antidepressants usage risks in children and adolescents; challenges in medical imaging and medical image analysis; from perspective of impulse-eating disorders; impulsivity and psychiatric disorders; obsessive compulsive disorder from the perspective of impulse control disorders; current issues in addiction psychiatry; current issues in inpatient services; current difficulties in forensic psychiatry; personalized medicine in psychiatry; the use of therapeutic drug monitoring (TDM) in psychiatry; psychopharmacological approach to sleep problems with chronic physical diseases; maintenance ECT; treatment update in elimination disorders based on new scientific findings; psychotherapy of sleep disturbances in posttraumatic stress disorder; the role of psychopharmacological drugs in the prevention of suicidal behaviors; frontiers between attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and bipolar disorder; management of substance use disorders; voluntary versus involuntary admissions; resistance and resolutions in adult attention deficit hyperactivity disorder; psychotropic drug use in oncology patients; psychotropic drug use in pregnancy and lactation; pharmacotherapy principles in consultation-liaison psychiatry; drug interactions and psychotropic drug use in organ failures; the future and new horizons of psychopharmacology; factors associated with time to pharmacotherapy in patients with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms in central Europe and East Asia; the effect of dissociation on academic performance and attention processes; the frequency of metabolic syndrome in psychiatric patients taking antidepressant medication; MicroRNAs as potential biomarkers for major depressive disorder; refraction and anterior segment parameters in patients with schizophrenia; exposure to violence in staff members of Sivas Numune hospital; distribution of applications to the patients’ rights council of Sivas Numune Hospital and Sivas state Hospital for the last one year; depression, sexual dysfunction and childhood trauma in patients with post traumatic stress disorder; ghrelin-lipid levels in panic disorder before and after treatment and their relationship with agoraphobia; attention deficit hyperactivity disorder at schools in Sfax, Tunisia; investigation of iron deficiency, thyroid function abnormalities and deficiency of folate and vitamin B12 in children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder; assessment of the effects of antihistaminic drugs on mood, sleep quality, sleepiness, and dream anxiety; effects of electroconvulsive therapy on serum brain-derived neural factor and nerve growth factor in treatment resistant major depression; Efficacy of clozapine in treatment-resistant schizophrenia; relationship of plasma microRNAs with nicotine use and disease status among depressed patients; evaluation of the interrelationships between complaints, diagnoses, and drug usage in an outpatient clinic of pediatric, and adolescent psychiatry; P50 sensory gating in patients with primary vaginismus; association between neutrophil to lymphocyte ratio and severity of depression in patients with depressive disorders; the relationship between weight change and obsessive thoughts in patients with anorexia nervosa; tardive dyskinesia in long term hospitalized patients with schizophrenia; the relationship between antioxidant capacity and attack properties in bipolar disorder patients; factors related with unintentional injuries in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder; lithium enhances alpha and beta oscillations in cognitive networks; the relationship between serum levels of haptoglobin and neopterin and the number of episodes in patients with major depression; distinguishing bipolar disorders from psychotic disorders in adolescents and subtleties of indistinguishable cases; the concept of development of mental health services in the republic of Kazakhstan; psychotherapy of sleep disturbances in posttraumatic stress disorder; fluoxetine and aripiprazole treatment for OCD in a child with wolfram syndrome; safety of electroconvulsive therapy in pregnancy; evaluation of criminal responsibility for children between 2005-2009 in Corum; delusional disorder probably induced by bupropion; depression, anxiety and sociodemographic features in first degree female psychiatric outpatient relatives of alcohol abusers; antipsychotic treatment of patients who are recorded in Corum Community Mental Health Center with the diagnosis of psychotic disorders; efficacy and tolerability of aripiprazole on pervasive development disorders; tramadol induced status epilepticus in an old woman with polydrug abuse; evaluation of the ”therapeutic window” of GK-2 in intracerebral posttraumatic hematoma model in rats; Autistic spectrum symptoms in subtypes of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder; the psychiatric profile of chronic pruritus patients; night eating syndrome and binge eating disorder in depression; the effect of polycystic ovary syndrome phenotypes on quality of life, depression and anxiety levels; impaired glucose tolerance metabolism after the use of antidepressants; epileptic story and coping attitudes; the relationship between the levels of anxiety and coping attitudes of nurses working at a training hospital; lesion localization and depressive symptoms in patients with multiple sclerosis; frequency of head trauma history in patients with narcolepsy; serum neopterin levels in patients with narcolepsy; physical injury and cortical excitability in patients with posttraumatic stress disorder; clinical severity and neural excitability in posttraumatic stress disorder; aggression and cortical excitability Iin patients with posttraumatic stress disorder; the ratio of the second to fourth fingers (2D:4D) in schizophrenia; relationship between symptom distribution and severity of generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) with gender and marital status; sociodemographic characteristics of patients who admitted to smoking cessation clinic of a university hospital; the role of trauma and dissociation in treatment resistant obsessive compulsive disorder; the relationship between soluble intercellular adhesion molecules and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder; clonidine treatment in a tuberous sclerosis case with behavioral problems associated with mental retardation; complicated grief and depressive disorder among elderly patients who applied to psychiatrists and family physicians; the practice of pharmacological treatment in a child and adolescent psychiatry outpatient clinic; the relationship between mitochondrial complex I-III gene mRNA levels and clinical features of the patients with schizophrenia; hirsutism due to mirtazapine treatment; a probable case of very early onset schizophrenia managed with risperidone; a case of adolescent bipolar disorder presented with catatonic picture; drug induced behavioral disinhibition in children treated with selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors; depression and assessment of the life quality among patients with obstructive sleep apnea syndrome; a case report of sexual dysfunction due to hyperprolactinemia associated with increased dose of paliperidone palmitate injection; restless legs syndrome prevalence and depression-anxiety disorder association in anemic patients; the relationship between sleep quality and nitric oxide in healthy volunteers; factors affecting the quality of sleep in healthy population; aripiprazole treatment combined with methylphenidate in a 46,XY, YQ+ case with borderline mental capacity and multiple psychiatric disorders; perspectives of residents on psychiatric drugs; evaluation of antipsychotic treatment in pediatric OCD cases; a retrospective review assessing the safety of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) as a method of non-invasive brain stimulation in psychiatry; the relationship between Cathecol-O-Methyltransferaseenzyme Val158Met polymorphism and premorbid cannabis use in male patients with schizophrenia; the side effect profiles and efficacy of aripiprazole in patients with autism spectrum disorder; influence of valproate on propofol dose in manic episode patients receiving electroconvulsive therapy; atomoxetine induced hypomania-like symptoms in a pre-adolescent patient; a case report of valproate-induced hyperammonemic encephalopathy; relationship between temperamental and character features and suicide attempts with drugs; a case report of attempted suicide with subcutaneous cyanide injection; ECT treatment during the manic episode a treatment-resistant patient with bipolar disorder and comorbid epilepsy; changes in the preference of the psychotropic drugs in child and adolescent psychiatry outpatient practice in five years; priapism caused by amisulpiride; suicide attempt with clozapine in a schizophrenia patient; the relationship between traumatic orthopedic injuries and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder symptoms in children; a case report of sexual side effect with sustained release methylphenidate; Maintenance electroconvulsive therapy in a patient with Parkinson’s disease and comorbid bipolar disorder; treatment resistance in a child with autism spectrum disorder who has a late phenylketonuria diagnosis; EMDR therapy in an adolescent with posttraumatic stress disorder; severe extrapyramidal symptoms associated with the use of aripiprazole; efficacy and tolerability of aripiprazole in a daily practice outpatient population of child and adolescent; investigation of the relationship between hopelessness and reasons for living with suicidal ideation in the elderly; effectiveness of methylphenidate in the treatment of encopresis in a non-attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder subject; effects of verbal/performance IQ discrepancies and language-based skills on reading performance in dyslexia; comparison of clinical features between manic patients treated with/without electroconvulsive therapy; alexithymia, depression, anxiety levels and quality of life in patients with ankylosing spondylitis; the correlations of negative symptoms with serum folic acid and cobalamin levels in patients with schizophrenia; montreal cognitive assessment (MOCA) scale for the assessment of cognition in schizophrenia and comparison with mini mental state examination (MMSE); the association of TNF-α and NOS3 gene expressions in autism; electroconvulsive treatment of conversion disorder in a patient with Dandy Walker syndrome; evaluation of the effects of treatment of ADHD on impairment of functioning; treatment of early-onset schizophrenia in child and adolescent psychiatry inpatient clinic of Bakirkoy Mental Hospital; the assessment of the neuropsychological functions of siblings of patients with bipolar disorder; the effectiveness of methylphenidate in the treatment of encopresis independent from attention deficit/hyperactivity symptoms; pramipexole use in treatment-resistant bipolar depression; follow-up of a treatment resistant adolescent suffering from early-onset bipolar disorder responding to lithium; a schizophrenic case developing physical deformities; comparison of neurocognitive functions of offspring of schizophrenic, bipolar and controls; clozapine use during chemotherapy; a case of levetiracetam induced psychosis presented with prominent disorganized behavior; the characteristics of child and adolescent inpatients in a mental health hospital; tardive dyskinesia in long term hospitalized patients with mental retardation; the axis i disorders and family functioning in mothers of children admitting to the child psychiatry clinic with temper tantrum; the characteristics of child and adolescent inpatient psychiatry services in Turkey; comparison of social anxiety levels in dermatological disorders with facial involvement; priapism associated with trazodone therapy; a case report of sleep related eating disorder that responded to trazodone; psychiatry cases alleged as malpractice that were evaluated by the 3rd Speciality Board of Council of Turkish Forensic Medicine; an archival research between the years 2005-2010 and the use of therapeutic alliance portal to increase the compliance of schizophrenic patients. ER  - 
Synergistic Effects of Celecoxib and Bupropion in a Model of Chronic Inflammation-Related Depression in Mice; This study was aimed to characterize the depression-like behaviour in the classical model of chronic inflammation induced by Complete Freund's Adjuvant (CFA). Male Swiss mice received an intraplantar (i.pl.) injection of CFA (50 μl/paw) or vehicle. Behavioural and inflammatory responses were measured at different time-points (1 to 4 weeks), and different pharmacological tools were tested. The brain levels of IL-1β and BDNF, or COX-2 expression were also determined. CFA elicited a time-dependent edema formation and mechanical allodynia, which was accompanied by a significant increase in the immobility time in the tail suspension (TST) or forced-swimming (FST) depression tests. Repeated administration of the antidepressants imipramine (10 mg/kg), fluoxetine (20 mg/kg) and bupropion (30 mg/kg) significantly reversed depression-like behaviour induced by CFA. Predictably, the anti-inflammatory drugs dexamethasone (0.5 mg/kg), indomethacin (10 mg/kg) and celecoxib (30 mg/kg) markedly reduced CFA-induced edema. The oral treatment with the analgesic drugs dipyrone (30 and 300 mg/kg) or pregabalin (30 mg/kg) significantly reversed the mechanical allodyinia induced by CFA. Otherwise, either dipyrone or pregabalin (both 30 mg/kg) did not significantly affect the paw edema or the depressive-like behaviour induced by CFA, whereas the oral treatment with dipyrone (300 mg/kg) was able to reduce the immobility time in TST. Noteworthy, CFA-induced edema was reduced by bupropion (30 mg/kg), and depression behaviour was prevented by celecoxib (30 mg/kg). The co-treatment with bupropion and celecoxib (3 mg/kg each) significantly inhibited both inflammation and depression elicited by CFA. The same combined treatment reduced the brain levels of IL-1β, as well as COX-2 immunopositivity, whilst it failed to affect the reduction of BDNF levels. We provide novel evidence on the relationship between chronic inflammation and depression, suggesting that combination of antidepressant and anti-inflammatory agents bupropion and celecoxib might represent an attractive therapeutic strategy for depression. © 2013 Maciel et al. ER  - 
Formation of threohydrobupropion from bupropion is dependent on 11β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase 1; Bupropion is widely used for treatment of depression and as a smoking-cessation drug. Despite more than 20 years of therapeutic use, its metabolism is not fully understood. While CYP2B6 is known to form hydroxybupropion, the enzyme(s) generating erythro- and threohydrobupropion have long remained unclear. Previous experiments using microsomal preparations and the nonspecific inhibitor glycyrrhetinic acid suggested a role for 11β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase 1 (11β-HSD1) in the formation of both erythro- and threohydrobupropion. 11β-HSD1 catalyzes the conversion of inactive glucocorticoids (cortisone, prednisone) to their active forms (cortisol, prednisolone). Moreover, it accepts several other substrates. Here, we used for the first time recombinant 11β-HSD1 to assess its role in the carbonyl reduction of bupropion. Furthermore, we applied human, rat, and mouse liver microsomes and a selective inhibitor to characterize species-specific differences and to estimate the relative contribution of 11β-HSD1 to bupropion metabolism. The results revealed 11β-HSD1 as the major enzyme responsible for threohydrobupropion formation. The reaction was stereoselective and no erythrohydrobupropion was formed. Human liver microsomes showed 10 and 80 times higher activity than rat and mouse liver microsomes, respectively. The formation of erythrohydrobupropion was not altered in experiments with microsomes from 11β-HSD1-deficient mice or upon incubation with 11β-HSD1 inhibitor, indicating the existence of another carbonyl reductase that generates erythrohydrobupropion. Molecular docking supported the experimental findings and suggested that 11β-HSD1 selectively converts R-bupropion to threohydrobupropion. Enzyme inhibition experiments suggested that exposure to bupropion is not likely to impair 11β-HSD1-dependent glucocorticoid activation but that pharmacological administration of cortisone or prednisone may inhibit 11β-HSD1-dependent bupropion metabolism. Copyright © 2013 by The American Society for Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics. ER  - 
Repeated Erythromycin/Codeine-induced psychotic mania; BACKGROUND: Mania is generally associated with bipolar disorder; however, it can be iatrogenic. For instance, antibiotics and corticosteroids can cause manic symptoms. CASE REPORT: Here, we present a case of a young man who had symptoms of psychotic mania after administration of erythromycin and acetaminophen with codeine on 2 separate occasions, with rapid resolution of each episode. CONCLUSIONS: Adverse events of psychotic mania have been rarely reported with erythromycin and acetaminophen with codeine, despite these being commonly prescribed medications. Clinicians should be aware that these drugs may be an iatrogenic cause of psychiatric disturbances and that these adverse events are more likely to occur during their concomitant use.© 2013 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Relationship between the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal-axis and fatty acid metabolism in recurrent depression; Alterations in hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA)-axis activity and fatty acid (FA)-metabolism have been observed in (recurrent) major depressive disorder (MDD). Through the pathophysiological roles of FAs in the brain and cardiovascular system, a hypothesized relationship between HPA-axis activity and FA-metabolism could form a possible missing link accounting for the association of HPA-axis hyperactivity with recurrence and cardiovascular disease in MDD. In 137 recurrent MDD-patients and 73 age- and sex-matched controls, we therefore investigated associations between salivary cortisol (morning and evening) and the following indicators of FA-metabolism measured in the red blood cell membrane: (I) three main FAs [eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), and arachidonic acid (AA)], and (II) structural FA indices (unsaturation, chain length, peroxidation) calculated from concentrations of 29 FAs to delineate overall FA-characteristics. In addition, we compared these associations in patients with those in controls.In patients, evening cortisol concentrations were significantly negatively associated with DHA ( B = -1.358; SE = 0.499; t = -2.72; p =006), the unsaturation index ( B = -0.021; SE = 0.009; t = -2.42; p = 018), chain length index ( B = -0.060; SE = 0.025; t = -2.41; p = 019), and peroxidation index ( B = -0.029; SE = 0.012; t = -2.48; p =015). The relations between cortisol and the latter three variables were significantly negative in patients relative to controls. Significance remained after correction for confounders.Our results suggest a relationship between HPA-axis activity and FA-metabolism in recurrent MDD. Future randomized experimental intervention studies using clinical outcome measures could help to further elucidate the suggested effects of hypercortisolemia in the brain and cardiovascular system in recurrent MDD. © 2013 Elsevier Ltd. ER  - 
Improvement of Major Depression is Associated with Increased Erythrocyte DHA; The aim of this study was to determine if changes in omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid status following tuna oil supplementation correlated with changes in scores of depression. A total of 95 volunteers receiving treatment for major depression were randomised to consume 8 × 1 g capsules per day of HiDHA (2 g DHA, 0.6 g EPA and 10 mg Vitamin E) or olive oil (placebo) for 16 weeks, whilst undergoing weekly counseling sessions by trained clinical psychologists using a standard empirically validated psychotherapy. Depression status was assessed using the 17 item Hamilton rating scale for depression and the Beck Depression Inventory by a psychodiagnostician who was blind to the treatment. Blood was taken at baseline and 16 weeks (n = 48) for measurement of erythrocyte fatty acids. With HiDHA supplementation, erythrocyte DHA content rose from 4.1 ± 0.2 to 7.9 ± 0.4 % (mean ± SEM, p < 0.001) of total fatty acids but did not change (4.0 ± 0.2 to 4.1 ± 0.2 %) in the olive oil group. The mean changes in scores of depression did not differ significantly between the two groups (-12.2 ± 2.1 for tuna oil and -14.4 ± 2.3 for olive oil). However, analysis of covariance showed that in the fish oil group there was a significant correlation (r = -0.51) between the change in erythrocyte DHA and the change in scores of depression (p < 0.05). Further study of the relationship between DHA and depression is warranted. © 2013 AOCS. ER  - 
Rosmarinic acid ameliorates depressive-like behaviors in a rat model of CUS and up-regulates BDNF levels in the hippocampus and hippocampal-derived astrocytes; Rosmarinic acid (RA), a primary constituent of a Chinese herbal medicine, has been shown to have some therapeutic effects in an animal model of depression, but its underlying mechanisms are poorly understood. Sprague-Dawley rats were exposed to chronic unpredictable stress (CUS) for 21 days, and received RA for 14 days from the last week of CUS, then the behavioral changes, hippocampal pERK1/2 and BDNF levels were observed. Rats were further treated with U0126 (an ERK1/2 phosphorylation inhibitor) 30 min before RA treatment to assess the effects of RA and ERK1/2 signaling in depressive-like behavior and hippocampal BDNF levels. In addition, brains of newly born Sprague-Dawley rats were used to harvest and expand hippocampal astrocytes. Cells were exposed to different concentrations of RA (sham, 1, 5, 10, 20, and 40 μg/mL) or U0126 (2 μM as a final concentration) + RA (sham, 1, 5, 10, 20, and 40 μg/mL) for 48 h, and the pERK1/2 and BDNF levels were assessed by western and ELISA assays. RA administration (10 mg/kg daily) reversed depressive-like behaviors in rats exposed to a chronic unpredictable stress paradigm and restored pERK1/2 protein expression and hippocampal brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF). Moreover, in vitro experiments revealed that 20 μg/mL RA increased pERK1/2 and BDNF levels in cultured astrocytes. Interestingly, the effects of RA were inhibited by U0126. RA might be a useful treatment for depression and the changes in ERK1/2 signaling and BDNF levels may play a critical role in the pharmacological action of RA. © 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York. ER  - 
A case of anorexia nervosa with comorbid Crohn's disease: Beneficial effects of anti-TNF-α therapy?; This case report describes a 26-year-old woman affected by long-lasting anorexia nervosa (AN) and Crohn's disease. Worsening of the bowel illness led to the prescription of immunosuppressive therapy (biologic infliximab for 4 months, followed by adalimumab for 6 months) and referral to our Eating Disorders Unit. Although she initially demonstrated denial of her eating disorder, in a few months she gradually improved her weight and psychopathology. Crohn's disease can worsen AN by modifying hunger and energy expenditure through the effects of TNF-α and IL-6, pro-inflammatory cytokines which moderate leptin and melanocortin signaling. Previous studies have observed the antidepressant effects of TNF antagonist in patients with treatment-resistant depression with high baseline inflammatory biomarkers. Our case report suggests that future studies are needed to clarify the existence, patterns, and extent of increased inflammatory markers in patients with AN, and whether they determine clinical features or identify subgroups of patients. Potential therapeutic significance of above issues remains to be determined. © 2013 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.(Int J Eat Disord 2013; 46:639-641) Copyright © 2013 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. ER  - 
Severe PANDAS-like course: A case report; Objective: clinical spectrum of autoimmune disorders following infection with group A beta-hemolytic streptococcus may extend beyond Syndenham chorea and PANDAS. We report a boy with life-threatening course improved after immunotherapy. Case presentation: 11 years old boy with 1 year long history of facial tics developed fever with throat infection progressing to lethargy and epileptic status stopped by anticonvulsants but severe agitation, fidgetting and frequent tics were observed afterwards, soon to be followed by another epileptic status and central apneas requiring intubation and intensive care for several days. Virology work up and CSF study were normal, high titers of ASOT (3200 IU/ml) were found. EEG detected slow background activity, on MRI brain subtle thalamic changes were seen. Treated by antibiotics, immunoglobulins, methyl-prednisolone and antiepileptics the child gradually improved but cognitive impairment (IQ 68), depressive behavior, tics and occasional focal seizures have remained. Conclusions: we believe that the boy had an extremely severe form of PANDAS-like condition finally leading to residual epilepsy, cognitive deficits and depression. ER  - 
Mind-body interface: Polyunsaturated fatty acids and somatic symptoms in major depressive disorder; Introduction: lower n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 or omega-3 PUFAs) levels and genetic variations on their metabolic enzymes of PUFA metabolic enzymes, phospholipase A2 (PLA2) and cyclo-oxygenase-2 (COX2) have been found to be associated with the risk of depression. In this study, we aimed to examine specific roles of n-3 PUFAs, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and the polymorphisms on PLA2 and COX2 in different clusters of depressive symptoms. Methods: patients with major depression and their healthy controlled subjects were assessed to examine the effects of PUFA levels and single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) of PLA2 BanI and COX2 rs4648308 genes on the development of major depression and on clusters of depressive symptoms. Results: patients with major depression had significant lower levels of EPA and a trend of lower levels of DHA. The COX2 rs4648308 AG genotype was associated with a higher risk of major depression. The “at risk” COX2 polymorphism was associated with more somatic symptoms and lower DHA, and the “at risk” PLA2 polymorphism was associated with more somatic symptoms. In addition, lower EPA and DHA levels were both significantly correlated with more somatic symptoms. Conclusions: genetic variations in the COX2 and PLA2 genes have effects on depression and somatic features, possibly by affecting the levels of EPA and DHA. N-3 PUFAs may be a potential biomarker to understand clinical subtypes of depression. ER  - 
MRSA T-spine osteomyelitis presenting as abdominal pain in a 66-year-old woman with a remote history of a TMA: A case report; Case Description: A 66-year-old woman with past medical history of DM, peripheral vascular disease (PVD), chronic kidney disease, presented to rehabilitation after a R transmetatarsal amputation. Her outside hospital course was complicated Methicillin- resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) bacteremia related to her R gangrenous foot. Patient was prescribed 6 week treatment of antibiotics. Patient also had persistent nausea and vomiting which was attributed to gastroparesis and antibiotic intolerance. Course also notable for hallucinations and depression requiring treatment. Setting: Acute Inpatient Rehabilitation Hospital Results or Clinical Course: On admission to acute rehabilitation the patient's TMA had healed well. Rehabilitation course was then complicated by worsening nausea, vomiting and right upper quadrant abdominal pain radiating from R flank. C-reactive protein (CRP) had decreased from 37 to 7. Palpation and percussion of the cervical and thoracic spine produced no tenderness. A renal ultrasound was performed to evaluate the pain showed medical renal disease and no other acute pathology. Liver function tests were in normal range. The pain, nausea, and vomiting worsened with a leukocytosis and low grade fever. Imaging demonstrated T11-12 discitis and osteomyelitis which required abscess drainage and evacuation. A bone biopsy was consistent with MRSA. Discussion: This is a case of MRSA thoracic discitis and osteomyelitis after a R TMA presenting as abdominal pain that was complicated by depression, nausea and vomiting. Due to the medical complexity of the patient it initially felt that these symptoms were related to gastroparesis and renal disease. Infectious spinal pathology was further down the differential diagnosis especially given the decrease in CRP with antibiotic treatment. The development of leukocytosis and low grade fever led to imaging and diagnosis of discitis with eventual progression to abscess formation. The patient's strength and abdominal pain improved after surgical management. Conclusions: Infection of the thoracic spine should be considered in the differential diagnosis of abdominal pain in this patient population. ER  - 
Anti-AMPA receptor limbic encephalitis presenting with ovarian teratoma, encephalopathy and autonomic instability; Case Description: Limbic encephalitis (LE) is a rare disorder characterized by personality changes, irritability, depression, seizures, dyskinesias, catatonia, memory loss and sometimes dementia. It results from an autoimmune response against neuronal antigens, leading to inflammatory damage of brain cortex. We present a 29-year-old with history of ovarian teratoma and polysubstance abuse who developed a sub-acute progressive left sided weakness, facial droop with cognitive decline and psychiatric symptoms diagnosed with LE. Setting: Inpatient Rehabilitation. Results or Clinical Course: MRI demonstrated diffuse flair abnormalities involving the limbic system, the right parietal cortex and cerebellum. Laboratory studies were positive for alpha-amino- 3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazolepropionic acid (AMPA) receptor antibody encephalitis. She completed immunomodulatory treatment including intravenous solumedrol, plasma exchange and Rituximab infusion. She also underwent ovarian tumor removal. Her hospital course was complicated by fever, tachycardia, hypertension, agitation, encephalopathy, respiratory failure, dysphagia and deep venous thrombosis. Discussion: Patients with LE develop neurological and psychiatric symptoms due to autoimmune damage to limbic and extralimbic brain areas. While some patients develop LE as a paraneoplastic manifestation of systemic cancer, recent studies suggests that LE is also associated with antibodies that are directed against cell surface antigens with a much weaker association to the neoplasm. Conclusions: We describe a case of LE in a patient with positive AMPA receptor and ovarian teratoma who underwent intensive inpatient rehabilitation including management with pharmacologic agents used for mood stabilization, insomnia and dysautonomia. AMPA receptor is functionally related to N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptor and both play critical roles in synaptic plasticity. To our knowledge, this is the first case of AMPA receptor positive limbic encephalitis with features typical of anti-NMDA receptor LE including ovarian teratoma, encephalopathy and autonomic instability. ER  - 
A rare presentation of acute paraplegia, longitudinal extensive transverse myelitis, and neuromyelitis optica as initial neurological presentation of sjogren's syndrome: A case report and review of literature; Case Description: A 53-year-old woman with past medical history of anxiety and depression presented with one day history of nontraumatic, unremitting back pain, progressively worsening bilateral lower extremity weakness and fever to 102.8 degrees Fahrenheit. The patient also had bowel and bladder incontinence. Magnestic resonance imaging of the entire spine revealed enlargement and signal abnormality in the cervical and upper thoracic spinal cord at many levels (C1 to T8) consistent with longitudinal extensive transverse myelitis (LETM), with the patient's spinal cord exam revealing that she was a T1 AIS (ASIA impairment scale) B incomplete paraplegic. Further work up showed that the patient was positive for rheumatoid factor, antinuclear antibody (ANA), SSA, SSB, all consistent with suspected Sjogren's syndrome. However, other tests including Lyme, HIV (human immunodeficiency virus), HTLV (human T-lymphotropic virus), AFB (Acid- Fast Bacilli), fungal, various viruses, ACE (angiotensin-converting enzyme), and vitamin B12 were negative. A biopsy of the patient's lip was pending. The patient denied any sicca symptoms prior to the presentation of her paraplegia and did not have any optic neuritis findings during her hospital course. Three weeks later, the patient was found to have elevated neuromyelitis optica (NMO) antibodies. The patient was then transferred to Neurology for treatment of NMO spectrum disorder with Sjogren's syndrome. Setting: Spinal cord injury inpatient rehabilitation unit. Results or Clinical Course: Under Neurology, the patient underwent 2 courses of plasmapharesis and intravenous methylprednisolone with return of sensation to pinprick at the S4-5 levels, but no improvement in the patient's lower extremity motor function. Discussion: LETM as the initial neurologic manifestation of Sjogren's is rare, with the presence of NMO, even more atypical. There appears to be an overlap between the presence of both conditions, but their relationship, effect on treatment, and impact on prognosis remains poorly understood and unclear. Conclusions: NMO spectrum disorders should be considered in the differential of patient's testing positive for autoimmune conditions such as Sjogren's presenting with paraplegia secondary to longitudinal transverse myelitis. ER  - 
TNF-alpha mediates depressive-like behavior induced by chronic mild stress through upregulation of indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase in mice; Major depressive disorder is often preceded by exposure to stressful life events. However, the mechanism of stress facilitating the development of depression is incompletely understood. A role for proinflammatory cytokines and tryptophan-degrading enzyme indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase (IDO) in depressive pathology is increasingly getting confirmed. Chronic stress could upregulate proinflammatory cytokines. Therefore, we hypothesized that chronic stress induced depression through specific proinflammatory cytokine and subsequent IDO activation. We explored this hypothesis by analyzing the relationship among depressive-like behavior, inflammatory cytokine level and IDO expression. We used unpredictable chronic mild stress (UCMS) to induce a depressive-like syndromes reflected with decreased sucrose preference, increased immobility in forced swim test and tail suspension test. Results showed that UCMS induced depressive-like behavioral syndrome. Along with the behavior, TNF-alpha protein markedly increased both in plasma and cerebral cortex. IDO was upregulated in the cortex. Pretreating the mice with anti-inflammatory tetracycline derivative minocycline, TNF-alpha antibody infliximab or IDO antagonist 1- methyltryptophan (1-MT) prevented the development of depressive- like behavior. Furthermore, blockage of TNF-alpha inhibited the expression of IDO and protected neurons of cerebral cortex from damage induced by UCMS. These results implicated that TNF-alpha was one of the critical mediator in UCMS-induced depressive-like behaviors, probably through upregulation of IDO and damage of the neurons in cerebral cortex. ER  - 
The role of dynamic microglial alterations in stress-induced depression and suppressed neurogenesis; Studies on the biological basis of major depression usually focus on abnormalities in neuronal functions. Glia cells, particularly astrocytes, have also been implicated in the pathophysiology of depression, however the role of microglia in this disease is still elusive. To elucidate the involvement of microglia in depression we examined the role of dynamic alterations in microglia activation status on the development of chronic unpredictable stress (CUS)-induced depressive-like condition in rodents. We report that following an initial period (2-3 days) of stress-induced microglial activation (reflected by proliferation, assumption of activated morphology and mRNA expression of activation markers), some microglia underwent apoptosis (reflected by activated caspase-3 and TUNEL staining), leading to reductions in their numbers within the hippocampus (but not in other brain regions) following 5- weeks of CUS exposure. At that time, microglia displayed reduced expression of activation markers as well as dystrophic morphology. The effects of CUS on microglia were blocked by chronic treatment with the tricyclic antidepressant drug imipramine. Furthermore, blockade of the initial stress-induced microglia activation by the microglial inhibitor minocycline or by transgenic interleukin-1 receptor antagonist over-expression rescued the subsequent microglia apoptosis and decline, as well as the CUS-induced depressive-like behavior and suppressed neurogenesis. These findings provide direct causal evidence that disturbances in microglial functioning have an etiological role in chronic stress-induced depression. ER  - 
Inflammation control augments antidepressant response in bipolar depression; There is an association between stress, stress-related mood disorders and inflammation. Control of inflammation in conjunction with antidepressant therapy may augment antidepressant response and convert treatment-resistant patients to responders. Reports with the use of celecoxib in combination with an antidepressant agent are encouraging based on the hypothesis that inhibition of cyclooxygenase- 2 (COX-2) reduces inflammation and enables antidepressant action to occur. We present preliminary data from a study of treatment-resistant bipolar depression. Patients were randomized to receive escitalopram + celecoxib, or escitalopram + placebo. Subjects completed assessments at weeks 0, 1, 2, 4 and 8. Severity of depression and anxiety were quantified using the HAM-D, HAM-A, and MADRS rating scales. Perceived stress was assessed using the PSS-14 scale. There was a statistically significant reduction in HAM-D mean scores in the active group (p = 0.0005) vs. placebo (p = 0.145), MADRS scores in the active group (p < 0.001) vs. placebo (p = 0.172) and HAM-A scores in the active group (p = 0.047) vs. placebo (p = 0.756). The PSS and HAM-D scores were positively correlated (r = 0.684, p = 0.02). There was a statistically significant decrease in post-treatment PSS scores in the active group (p = 0.049) vs. placebo (p = 0.717). The interim analysis of this ongoing study reveals that scores on scales for symptoms of depression, anxiety, and perceived stress significantly improved when subjects were treated with the combination escitalopram + celecoxib. These data suggest that controlling inflammation augments antidepressant response. ER  - 
Drug induced central nervous system ADRs in hospitalized patients; Introduction and Aims: Central Nervous System (CNS) Adverse Drug Reactions (ADRs) are very relevant in hospitalization because some of them can lead in hospitalization or in a prolonged hospital stay like confusional syndrome, seizures, neuromuscular blockade or haemorrhagic stroke. The aim of this study was to determine the incidence of these ADRs and the drugs most frequently involved in a tertiary care hospital. Material and Method: The study was performed in a tertiary care hospital in Buenos Aires City. Argentina. The hospital is Cosme Argerich, a public hospital with 350 beds approximately. The information was taken from the pharmacovigilance committee and the period of time included was June 2008 to march 2013. Naranjo Score Was performed to assess the causability. All ADRs were timely reported to our regulatory agency (ANMAT). Results: In this period, 2780 ADRs were detected by the Pharmacovigilance Committee and 151 affected Central Nervous System. The average age of people who suffered this type of ADRs was 56.60 years (CI 95 %: 54.97-58.22); 52.31 appeared in females (CI 95 %: 44.35-60.28) and 47.68 % in males (CI 95 %: 39.71-55.64 %). The ADRs most frequently detected were depression of consciousness 22.51 % (CI 95 %: 15.85-29.17); confusional state 18.54 % (CI 95 %: 12.34-24.74 %); extrapiramidalismo 10.59 % (CI 95 %: 5.68-15.50); ataxia and dizziness 8.60 % (CI 95% 4.13-13.08) and neuromuscular blockade 2.64 % (CI 95 %: 0.87-5.21). Drugs most frequently involved were neuropsychiatric drugs 50.33 % (CI 95 %: 42.35-58.30); antibiotics 15.23 % (CI 95 %: 9.50-20.96) and gastrointestinal drugs 8.60% (CI 95 %: 4.13-13.08). 39.07 % (CI 95 %: 31.29-46.85) were serious. Conclusion: Neuropsychiatric ADRs are not so frequent in hospitalized patients but the can cause great morbimortality. Nearly half of all these ADRs can be preventable. Most of serious ADRs were because they prolonged hospitalization mainly in elderly patients. ER  - 
How does drug hypersensitivity affect the patients' mood?; Background: Drug hypersensitivity (DH) accounts for approximately 5-10% of all adverse drug reactions. DH may cause various clinical disorders ranging from mild skin rush to anaphylaxis or even death. Patients having had a severe reaction with drugs may worry about their future drug exposures. The objective of this study was to evaluate the effects of past drug reactions on patients' mood. Method: In this cross sectional study 51 consecutive patients with DH history (42 female, mean age 38.6 ± 11.9) who were referred to our hospital for a challenge test for alternative drug and 51 healthy volunteers were included. After their clinical evaluations, all subjects underwent the following psychodiagnostic tests: Beck depression inventory, Beck anxiety inventory and WHO quality of life questionnaire (WHOQoL -brief). The scores of these tests were compared between DH and control groups. Results: Thirty one of the patients had experienced anaphylaxis with one or more drug (of which eight had anaphylactic shock). Other common symptoms caused by DH were urticaria and/or angioedema, maculopapular rush and fixed drug eruption respectively. Non-steroidal antiinflammatory drugs (n = 28) were the most common culprit drugs, followed by antibiotics as the second. In 20 patients doctors had prescribed the culprit drug despite the patient's warning about his or her past history. DH patients had higher anxiety scores (P = 0.000), while depression and OQoL scores were not different from the healthy subjects (P > 0.05). There wasn't any correlation between the number and severity of drug reactions with anxiety, depression and QoL scores. Conclusion: The results of this study show that drug hypersensitivity causes a significant degree of anxiety in the patients. It is between the responsibilities of an allergist to give enough psychological support and education to DH patients besides the allergological tests necessary to find the safe alternatives. In addition, to increase the awareness about drug allergy between the practioners is an utmost requirement. ER  - 
The relevance of concomitant psychiatric and infectious assessment for sexually compulsive individual: A case report; Introduction: in Brazil there is scarce attention to risk for sexually transmitted diseases among sexually compulsive individuals.We aim to report a case of a sexually compulsive man who sought for psychiatric treatment and underwent to concurrently infectious assessment. Method: SP, 29 years, gay, consultant. He met diagnostic criteria for sexual addiction and underwent to a semi structured psychiatric and infectious interview, blood exams and answered the Sexual Compulsivity Scale (SCS) in August 2012. Results: He reported several compulsive sexual behaviors including multiple casual sexual partners (predominantly unprotected sexual intercourse) in the last years, despite having a main partner. When arrived he presented severe depressive symptoms, trichotillomania, irritability, suicidal ideation, and scored 31 (10-40) in SCS. He presented an Elisa and WBlot reagent for HIV, ELISA reagent for syphilis, VDRL 1/8, and negative reactions for B and C hepatitis. HIV viral load (VL) was 1049 copies and CD4 lymphocyte (CD4) 417. He told us that in Mars 2010 he underwent just to infectious assessment. It was detected positive reaction for HIV (VL = 964; CD4 = 651) and syphilis. In that occasion sexual compulsivity was not assessed. He received antibiotics for syphilis and improved. In the present, after assessments, the patient began psychiatric (valproic acid 500 mg/day, paroxetine 20 mg/day, and psychological support), and infectious (antiretroviral, and counseling) treatment. He improved in mental health parameters quickly. Discussion: this case show the importance of concomitant psychiatric and infectious assessment to sexually compulsive individuals. ER  - 
Necrotising fasciitis of the head and neck; Introduction: Necrotising fasciitis (NF) of the head and neck is a rare, destructive soft tissue infection with an innocuous early presentation, associated with high mortality and morbidity. Aims: (i) to present patient incidence and data encountered in NUHS; and (ii) to propose an algorithm encompassing diagnosis, inpatient treatment, and postdischarge management. Methods: A retrospective review of all patients treated for NF of the head and neck in NUHS from January 2000 to June 2013. An algorithm was formulated following review of our patients and existing literature. Results: A total of 8 patients were treated; 7 had NF of the neck, 1 of the head. Typical presentation; rapidly progressing erythema, swelling, and pain. Seven had poorly controlled diabetes mellitus. Possible aetiology included tonsillitis, insect bite and acupuncture. All received emergency surgical debridement, intravenous antibiotics, and multidisciplinary supportive management. Six required reconstructive surgery. Two patients passed away. Morbidity included dysphagia, renal failure, facial palsy and depression No recurrences were recorded. Discussion & Conclusion: Our findings show: (i) the head and neck is rarely affected, consisting 4.2% (8 of 190) of all NF in NUHS during the study period; (ii) poorly controlled diabetes mellitus was a significant comorbidity; (iii) imaging and investigations should not delay aggressive surgical and medical therapy; (iv) patients suffer numerous complications; from the condition itself, prolonged hospitalisation (e.g. infections), debridements (e.g. functional impairment, wound cosmesis), and psychologically (e.g. depression); (v) a multidisciplinary approach is crucial to treat the condition and complications; (vi) postdischarge follow-up is essential for sequelae management; and (vii) a comprehensive algorithm was formulated. ER  - 
Mapping of COPD guideline adherence in primary care: An observational study in Belgium and Luxembourg; Introduction: Ten years after a local survey revealed major gaps between COPD recommendations and practice (Decramer et al. Monaldi Arch Chest Dis 2003;59:62-80), we re-evaluated alignment of COPD patient care by primary care physicians (PCP) with the GOLD guidelines. Methods: One-visit, cross-sectional, non-interventional study among randomly selected PCP, who completed a questionnaire on management of patients recently diagnosed with COPD. Results: 160 PCP enrolled 1132 patients (mean age 65±11 yrs; 2.6±1.9 comorbidities). PCP self-reported good compliance with guidelines (83%), appropriate step-up treatment (89%) and systematic screening for comorbidities (57% cardiac insufficiency, 21% osteoporosis, 8% depression). Two-thirds (65%) of PCP had followed spirometry training and 56% were actually performing it, though often (7/10) limited to prebronchodilation testing. Only half of COPD diagnoses were based on spirometry, mainly performed in second line care (7/10). Spirometry values necessary for COPD staging were recorded in only 5% of patients. Most (86%) gave a correct definition of exacerbations, which were managed with systemic corticosteroids (44%), antibiotics (60%) and/or mucolytics (81%); 6% required hospitalisation. A smoking cessation program was proposed to 96% of patients; pulmonary rehabilitation to 7%. Influenza and pneumococcal vaccination were performed in 84% and 72% of patients respectively. Conclusion: Despite PCP's increasing awareness and knowledge of certain aspects of COPD, large gaps in knowledge of the GOLD guidelines persist, especially with regard to spirometry for diagnosis and staging of COPD. ER  - 
Necrotising Fasciitis of the Head and Neck; Introduction: Necrotising fasciitis (NF) of the head and neck is a rare, destructive soft tissue infection with an innocuous early presentation, associated with high mortality and morbidity. Aims: (i) to present patient incidence and data encountered in NUHS; and (ii) to propose an algorithm encompassing diagnosis, inpatient treatment, and postdischarge management. Methods: A retrospective review of all patients treated for NF of the head and neck in NUHS from January 2000 to June 2013. An algorithm was formulated following review of our patients and existing literature. Results: A total of 8 patients were treated; 7 had NF of the neck, 1 of the head. Typical presentation; rapidly progressing erythema, swelling, and pain. Seven had poorly controlled diabetes mellitus. Possible aetiology included tonsillitis, insect bite and acupuncture. All received emergency surgical debridement, intravenous antibiotics, and multidisciplinary supportive management. Six required reconstructive surgery. Two patients passed away. Morbidity included dysphagia, renal failure, facial palsy and depression No recurrences were recorded. Discussion & Conclusion: Our findings show: (i) the head and neck is rarely affected, consisting 4.2% (8 of 190) of all NF in NUHS during the study period; (ii) poorly controlled diabetes mellitus was a significant comorbidity; (iii) imaging and investigations should not delay aggressive surgical and medical therapy; (iv) patients suffer numerous complications; from the condition itself, prolonged hospitalisation (e.g. infections), debridements (e.g. functional impairment, wound cosmesis), and psychologically (e.g. depression); (v) a multidisciplinary approach is crucial to treat the condition and complications; (vi) postdischarge follow-up is essential for sequelae management; and (vii) a comprehensive algorithm was formulated. ER  - 
Unilateral milia-type intradermal tophi associated with underlying urate subcutaneous deposition: An uncommon cutaneous presentation of gout; Tophi develop during the most advanced clinical stage of gout, and are usually located on or around the joints. However, unusual skin features caused by intradermal and/or subcutaneous deposition of tophaceous material at locations other than articular regions have been reported. We present the case of a patient with a condition that has been recently termed 'miliarial gout'. which is only the second such case, to our knowledge. A 51-year-old woman, who had a chronic joint disease that had been diagnosed and treated as psoriatic arthritis, presented with multiple asymptomatic, yellowish-white, firm papules (1-3 mm in size) on erythematous areas on the outside of her left leg. On histological examination of a skin biopsy, uric acid crystals were seen in the dermis and subcutis. The patient also had a raised level of serum urate, consistent with a diagnosis of gout. Treatment with allopurinol led to rapid improvement. Intake of corticosteroids and diuretics was a possible triggering factor for the development of cutaneous tophi in this patient. © 2013 British Association of Dermatologists. ER  - 
Macrolane (large particle biphasic hyaluronic acid) filler injection for correction of defect contour after liposuction; In a minority of patients undergoing liposuction, superficial irregularities (or skin depression) in the operated area may occur. Macrolane is a gel composed of hyaluronic acid (HA), used for volume restoration of soft tissues. In this study, the authors investigated the effectiveness, maintenance, and safety of Macrolane as a "non-surgical" treatment to correct skin depression after liposuction. Twelve female patients were included. Macrolane was injected at a subdermal superficial plane using an intramuscular or spinal needle. In all patients, Macrolane was successful in correcting skin depression. No relevant side effects were observed. At 8 months post-injection, a persistence of correction of 60-70% was still present in 90% of the patients. In conclusion, Macrolane filler injections are a predictable, safe, and long-lasting non-surgical procedure to fill contour defects that arise after liposuction, and represent a good option for patients who refuse to undergo an additional surgery to fill the arisen skin depressions. © 2013 Informa UK, Ltd. ER  - 
Effect of omega-3 and ascorbic acid on inflammation markers in depressed shift workers in Shahid Tondgoyan Oil Refinery, Iran: A randomized double-blind placebo-controlled study; The present study aimed to assess the effect of supplementation of omega-3 and/or vitamin C on serum interleukin-6 and high sensitivity C-reactive protein concentration and depression scores among shift workers in Shahid Tondgoyan oil refinery. The study design was randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel trial. Totally 136 shift workers with a depression score ≥10 in 21-item Beck Depression Rating Scale were randomly assigned to receive omega-3 (180 mg eicosapentaenoate acid and 120 mg docosahexaenoic acid) or/and vitamin C 250 mg or placebo twice daily (with the same taste and shape as omega-3 and vitamin C) for 60 days in four groups. Depression score, interleukin-6 and high sensitivity C-reactive protein were measured at baseline and after 60 days. This study showed that supplementation of omega-3 plus vitamin C is associated with a decrease in depression score (p<0.05). Supplementation of omega-3 without vitamin C, is associated with a reduction in depression score (p<0.0001) and high sensitivity C-reactive protein concentration (p<0.01). Therefore omega-3 supplementation showed a better effect on reducing depression score and high sensitivity C-reactive protein, but supplementation of vitamin C along with omega-3 did not have significant effect on change in C-reactive protein level compared to omega-3 alone. (Registration number: IRCT201202189056N1) © 2013 JCBN. ER  - 
A multimodal approach for postoperative pain management after lumbar decompression surgery: A prospective, randomized study; Study Design: A prospective and randomized study. Objectives: The objective of this study was to assess the efficacy of a novel multimodal analgesic regimen in reducing postoperative pain and intravenous morphine requirements after primary multilevel lumbar decompression surgery. Summary of Background Data: The use of opioid medications after surgery can lead to incomplete analgesia and may cause undesired side effects such as respiratory depression, somnolence, urinary retention, and nausea. Multimodal (opioid and nonopioid combination) analgesia may be an effective alternative to morphine administration leading to improved postoperative analgesia with diminished side effects. Methods: After Institutional Review Board approval, 22 patients who underwent a primary multilevel lumbar decompression procedure were randomly assigned to receive either only intravenous morphine or a multimodal (celecoxib, pregabalin, extended release oxycodone) analgesic regimen. Postoperatively, all patients were allowed to receive intravenous morphine on an as needed basis. Intravenous morphine requirements were then recorded immediately postoperative, at 6, 12, 24 hours, and the total requirement before discharge. Patient postoperative pain levels were determined using the visual analog pain scale and were documented at 0, 4, 8, 12, 16, 24, and 36 hours postoperative. Results: There were no significant differences in available patient demographics, intraoperative blood loss, or postoperative hemovac drain output between study groups. Total postoperative intravenous morphine requirements in addition to morphine requirements at all predetermined time points were less in patients randomized to receive the multimodal analgesic regimen. Visual analog pain scores were lower at all postoperative time points in patients randomized to receive the multimodal analgesic regimen. Time to solid food was significantly less in the multimodal group. There were no major identifiable postoperative complications in either treatment group. Conclusions: Opioid and nonopioid analgesic combinations appear to be safe and effective after lumbar laminectomy. Patients demonstrate lower intravenous morphine requirements, better pain scores, and earlier time to solid food intake. © 2013 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Healthcare resources utilization in subjects with probable overactive bladder in Spain; Hypothesis/aims of study It has believed that the overactive bladder may increase the use of healthcare resources. The aim of this study was the assessment of the healthcare resources utilization in subjects with probable overactive bladder (OAB). Study design, materials and methods This was a cross-sectional study conducted in the Spanish general population over 18 years of age through a battery of questionnaires administered to subjects using an online method. The sample size was determined based on overactive bladder (OAB) prevalence in Spain by gender and age. Subjects included in the sample were classified as having no OAB, possible OAB, probable OAB, split in wet OAB and dry OAB, by using an automated algorithm validated by clinicians, experts in the field of urology. The healthcare resources utilization was assessed among various bladder health condition questions addressed to the subjects. The bilateral statistical contrasts was carried out by means of the Fisher and Mantel-Haenszel tests and ANCOVA analysis, with a significance level <0.05. Results A total of 2035 subjects [49.19% women (mean age: 51.4 years) and 50.81% men (mean age: 55.6 years)] were included in the study; 13.7% of subjects were classified with probable OAB, 27.9% with possible OAB, and 58.3% with no OAB. 8.8% of the subjects classified as having dry OAB (69.5% men; 30.5% women), and 12.0% as having wet OAB (36.2% men; 63.8% women). The percentage of subjects with probable OAB using healthcare resources was significantly higher compared to subjects with ( Mantel-Haenszel<0,0001 for all items): drugs for depressive symptoms 16.1% vs. 3.2%; anxiolytics 21.2% vs. 9.9%; antibiotics for skin infection 19.4% vs. 2.6%; hypnotics 23.3% vs. 9.4%; urinary incontinence pads 24.4% vs. 3.9%; visiting physician more frequently than usual 16.5% vs. 2.3%. The average number of visits to general practitioner (GP) among all participants resulted in 0.42 (p=0.00000; 0.27-0.56) for subjects classified with probable OAB, versus 0.03 (p=0.00000; 0.02-0.05) for subjects classified as having no OAB, the visits to the specialist were in average 0.23 (p=0.00000; 0.15-0.21) vs. 0.02 (p=0.00000; 0.01-0.04), and to emergencies 0.07 (p=0.00001; 0.02-0.11) vs. 0.00 (p=0.00001; 0.00-0.01) respectively (for average number of visit p=0.00000). The average of pads used due to urinary leakage, per subject classified with probable OAB compared to subjects classified as having no OAB, among pads common users, is 2.43 (2.02-2.83) vs. 1.26 (0.99-1.53) during the day (p=0.00000), and 1.00 (0.78-1.22) vs. 0.54 (0.3-0.79) during the night (P=0.0011). The average used among the total study population, is respectively 0.59 (0.44-0.75) vs. 0.05 (0.03- 0.07) during the day (p=0.00000), and 0.24 (0.17-0.32) vs. 0.02 (0.01-0.03) during the night (p=0.00000). Interpretation of results The study results show that study relative prevalence for men was slightly higher than 2/3 times compared to women both classified as wet OAB, whereas women relative prevalence was almost 2/3 times the men population both classified as dry OAB. Subjects classified with probable OAB reported a significant higher usage of drugs for depression (3 times more), for anxiety/distress (2.1 times more), for skin infection (7.5 times more), and hypnotics (2.5 times more), as well as of urinary incontinence pads (6.3 times more), and visiting clinicians more often than usual (7.2 times more). The average number of visits to GP, specialist was reported slightly higher for subjects classified with probable OAB versus subjects classified as having no OAB. No significant difference was found in visits to the emergencies between these two groups. The usage of pads doubles when subjects group classified with probable OAB is faced to those classified as having no OAB, among pad users. The usage becomes 4 times respectively among the whole study population. Concluding message Subjects classified with probable OAB compared to subjects classified as having no OAB reveal a higher consumption of healthcare resources, in terms of drug usage, sanitary products and clinician visits. ER  - 
Complications of intentional denture cleanser tablet ingestion; Background : Denture cleansers are common household products; adverse effects related to ingestion of these products are infrequently reported. We present a case of denture cleanser tablet (DCT) ingestion resulting in pulmonary, oropharyngeal and esophageal complications. Case report: A 68 year-old female with a past medical history significant for depression and deep venous thromboses had a witnessed ingestion of Polident ® Overnight Whitening DCT's; she chewed and swallowed six tablets after an altercation with a relative. Although initially asymptomatic, the patient developed coughing and “ gurgling ” respirations three hours after the ingestion and was brought to the Emergency Department (ED). In the ED, she was noted to have a hoarse voice and was spitting up saliva. She did not complain of abdominal pain. She was tachypneic (RR 28/min) and hypoxic (oxygen saturations 84% on a non-rebreather mask). The patient was admitted to the Intensive Care Unit and treated with high-flow oxygen. Although her initial chest radiograph was normal, results of chest radiography performed twelve hours after the ingestion were consistent with aspiration pneumonitis. The patient was treated with albuterol/ ipratropium nebulizers, intravenous and nebulized corticosteroids, and intravenous antibiotics. Her oxygen saturations and dysphonia improved within the first twenty-four hours after the ingestion. Vocal cord erythema and edema of the hypopharyngeal and supraglottic areas were noted on flexible nasopharyngoscopy performed one day after the ingestion. Esophagogastroduodenoscopy was performed two days after the ingestion, and revealed Grade II non-reflux esophagitis in the proximal third of the esophagus as well as an ulceration in the vestibule. The patient was treated with omeprazole, and her diet was advanced slowly. She was transferred to the psychiatric service nine days after the ingestion. Case discussion: Polident ® Overnight Whitening contains sodium perborate, which forms an alkaline peroxide solution when dissolved in water or oral secretions. Liberation of peroxide in the esophagus can cause corrosive tissue injury. One previously published canine model of DCT ingestion reported the presence of localized erosions in the proximal third of the esophagus after DCT's were fed to anesthetized dogs. In the same study, denture cleansing powders were found to cause diffuse esophagitis as well as massive coagulation necrosis of the gastric mucosa. Conclusions: DCT ingestion may result in oropharyngeal and esophageal injury as well as aspiration pneumonitis. Patients who ingest denture cleansing products should be monitored closely in a hospital setting for these complications. ER  - 
What do animal models tell us about depression as a risk factor of epilepsy; Several epidemiologic studies have demonstrated an association of a lifetime history of depression with an increased risk of unprovoked epileptic seizures, of epilepsy and of a worse-response to treatment of the seizure disorder to pharmacotherapy and epilepsy surgery. However, if depression plays an actual pathogenic role in the development of epilepsy, its own neurobiologic pathogenic mechanisms would be expected to impact the epileptogenic process in some form. In this presentation we review data derived from animal models in support of this hypothesis. To that end three major categories of pathogenic mechanisms of depression will be reviewed. These include (i) endocrine disturbances, manifested by a hyperactive hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis (HPAA) resulting in high serum cortisol levels, (ii) neurotransmitter disturbances, including serotonin (5HT), norepinephrine (NE), glutamate and gamma-amino-butyric-acid (GABA), and (iii) inflammatory processes. Pretreatment of rats with corticosterone prior to rapid kindling of amygdala has shown an accelerated kindling process. Furthermore, this phenomenon was reproduced in animal models of depression associated with increased serum corticosterone. By the same token, animal models of epilepsy using the pilocarpine-lithium model in Wistar rats demonstrated an increased secretion of corticosterone, which correlated with the severity of the equivalent symptoms of depression in the rat. Decreased serotonergic and noradrenergic neurotransmissions have been one of the pivotal pathogenic mechanisms of depression. Lowering of serotonergic and noradrenergic transmission has been found to facilitate the occurrence of seizures in several animal models of epilepsy; this effect was blocked with the use of serotonergic and noradrenergic effects. Of note, high cortisol levels have been associated with a decreased expression of 5HT1A mRNA. Animal models of depression have revealed increased CNS glutamatergic activity, mediated by a decrease in the expression of glutamatetransporter proteins; by the same token, NMDA antagonists have been found to have an antidepressant effect in animal models of depression. In addition, animal models of depression have revealed a decreased GABAergic neurotransmission, resulting in increased cortical hyperexcitability. An increase in pro-inflammatory cytokines has been found to be an important pathogenic mechanism of depression. Among this, interleukin 1 beta (IL-1β) has been found to have pro-convulsant properties. For example, seizures triggered in rats with kainic acid and bicuculline are exacerbated with intracerebral injection of IL-1β, while administration of its naturally occurring antagonist (IL-!RA) has been found to show anticonvulsant activity. Furthermore, IL-1β, its receptor type 1 (IL-1R1) and IL-IRAwere upregulated in the brains of rats which underwent electrically and chemically induced seizures. Clearly, several of the neurobiologic pathogenic mechanisms of depression demonstrate an impact on the epileptogenic process in several animal models. ER  - 
Re-prescription of low-dose acetylsalicylic acid therapy after discontinuation: Incidence and predictors; Purpose: We have previously shown that, of 35 639 patients in the UK who were prescribed low-dose acetylsalicylic acid (ASA; 75-300 mg/day) in 2000-2007 for the secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease, approximately 33% discontinued therapy for at least 90 days. In the present study, we have followed up these patients to assess re-prescription rates (therapy re-initiation) and associated factors. Methods: This was a retrospective database study using The Health Improvement Network, a UK primary care database. Patients (N = 11 565) were followed up from the first day after their initial 90-day period of discontinuation (start date) until therapy re-initiation, death or the end of the study period (31 December 2010). Hazard ratios (HRs) for factors associated with therapy re-initiation were calculated using Cox regression models. Results: The cumulative incidence of therapy re-initiation was 85.2% over the entire follow-up period, and 63.5% of re-initiations occurred in the first 6 months after the start date. Factors significantly associated with a reduced likelihood of therapy re-initiation included: cardiovascular comorbidities recorded before the start date, in particular atrial fibrillation (HR: 0.45; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.42-0.49); gastrointestinal comorbidities recorded before the start date (HR: 0.90; 95% CI: 0.86-0.94 for overall high gastrointestinal risk); and having experienced an adverse drug reaction during therapy, particularly to ASA or other salicylates (HR: 0.26; 95% CI: 0.19-0.36). The use of gastroprotective medications or drugs used to treat cardiovascular diseases (most notably warfarin, HR: 0.28; 95% CI: 0.25-0.31) before the start date was also associated with a reduced likelihood of low-dose ASA re-initiation, as was older age (75-84 years relative to 49-64 years) and frequent use of healthcare services in the year before the start date (specialist referral/hospitalization, or ≥12 primary care practitioner visits relative to <6). Factors significantly associated with an increased likelihood of therapy re-initiation included: having a body mass index ≥ 30 kg/m2 (relative to 20-24 kg/m2); having diabetes mellitus, stable angina or depression recorded before the start date; or using non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs before the start date. Conclusion: Approximately 85% of patients who discontinued low-dose ASA therapy were subsequently re-prescribed this treatment within the study period, and about two-thirds of these re-initiations occurred within 6 months of the end of an initial 90-day period of discontinuation. ER  - 
Comparative effectiveness and safety of SSRI use in combination with NSAIDs, selective COX inhibitors or paracetamol; Background: Concomitant use of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) is associated with increased risk of gastrointestinal bleeding. However, findings regarding their synergistic antidepressant effect are inconsistent. Objectives: To compare effectiveness and safety of SSRI use with and without concomitant NSAID or paracetamol use, we performed a register-based follow-up study. Methods: Within a 25 % random sample of the Danish population, we identified all incident SSRI users between 1997 and 2006. We compared rates of all-cause and cause-specific mortality, any psychiatric hospitalization, hospitalization with depression or somatic events during periods of SSRI use only with rates during periods of combined SSRI and NSAID or paracetamol use. We applied COX regression and competing risk analyses with adjustment for confounders and report adjusted hazard rate ratios (HRR) with 95 % confidence intervals (CI). Results: We identified 124,465 incident SSRI users, 24,284 (19.5 %) using NSAIDs and 13,286 (10.7 %) paracetamol concomitantly. Comparing SSRIs in combination with NSAIDs to SSRI monotherapy was associated with a decreased risk for any psychiatric hospitalization [HRR (95 % CI): 0.75 (0.67; 0.85)] and hospitalization with depression [0.80 (0.67; 0.94)] and no increased mortality [1.10 (0.98; 1.24)]. Paracetamol in combination with SSRIs revealed an increased mortality-risk [2.72 (2.46; 3.00)], especially cardiovascular [2.98 (2.40; 3.70)]. No associations with gastrointestinal adverse events were observed. Concomitant use of low-dose acetylsalicylic acid (ASA) reduced the risk for psychiatric hospitalizations [0.44 (0.33; 0.58] and due to depression [0.38 (0.27; 0.52)] and death [0.86 (0.73; 0.99)]. Ibuprofen showed synergistic and safe treatment effects, whereas diclofenac [1.88 (1.39; 2.54)] and the group of selective COX-2 inhibitors [1.79 (1.35; 2.36)] were associated with increased mortality. Conclusions: Effectiveness and safety outcomes varied across combinations of SSRIs with individual NSAIDs. Especially low-dose ASA may represent a beneficial adjunctive antidepressant treatment option. The increased mortality risk of concomitant use of paracetamol should be investigated further. ER  - 
Calcium antagonistic effects of ethanolic myrrh extract in inflamed intestinal smooth muscle preparations; Myrrh is the oleo-gum resin of mainly Commiphora molmol ENGLER (Burseraceae) and as powdered substance one compound in the traditional medicinal product Myrrhinil-INTEST®, which has been used for the treatment of unspecific and inflammatory intestinal disorders. To date only limited data is available regarding its mechanism of action. Besides antimykotic and antiphlogistic properties calcium antagonistic and antidiarrhoic effects have been discussed [1]. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the calcium antagonistic effect of myrrh. Therefore, an ethanolic myrrh extract (MY) was tested for its effects on muscle tone and acetylcholine (ACh)-induced contractions in untreated and inflamed rat ileum/jejunum preparations. Inflammation was experimentally induced by 2,4,6-trinitrobenzene sulfonic acid (TNBS, 10 mM, 30 min). Additionally, the effect of the calcium channel agonist Bay K8644 in presence of varying MY concentrations was examined to confirm the calcium antagonistic effect. MY suppressed the ACh-induced contraction down to 25,75% (0,99 mg/ml MY). MY (0,15; 0,25 and 0,35 mg/ml) induced a concentration-dependent right-ward shift of the Bay K8644 concentration-response curve in untreated and inflamed preparations with a significant EC50 shift. Schild analyses resulted in a pA2 value of 0,93 for untreated preparations. Increasing MY concentrations induced a concentration-dependent decrease of the agonistic maximum effect in untreated and inflamed preparations down to 15,84% and 25,78% respectively for the highest concentration leading to a pD2 value of 0,58. MY reduced intestinal muscle tone and ACh-induced contraction of untreated and inflamed ileum/jejunum preparations based on dual calcium antagonism characterised by a right-shift of the agonistic dose-response curve and a depression of maximum effect. The resulting reduction of intestinal motility and spasmolytic effects provide a rationale for the treatment of intestinal disorders. ER  - 
Identification of drug-drug interactions through a digital health service; Introduction: Drug-drug interactions (DDIs) may have severe and life-threatening health consequences. To identify DDIs, a cloud-based surveillance has been implemented in a network of 12 pharmacies, 1 general hospital, and 24 general physicians of the ASS2 Health District, North East Italy. Patients (or Materials) and Methods: DDIs were identified through a fully automated, closed loop system that records and updates, by specifically designed software interfaces loaded on Information and Communication Technology (ICT) programs of the network, all the drugs taken during therapy cycle/s. Each patient, agreeing to participate, was linked through her/his tax code to all prescription/OTC drugs managed from October 2012 to March 2013, generating a personal pharmacologic profile. Data on age, sex, and comorbidity were collected in the beginning of the study. DDIs were identified and classified according to Mario Negri Institute definition in 3 severity groups: low (no suspension or change in therapy required), moderate (change in treatment, additional therapy or hospitalization required), and high (potentially fatal). Results: A total of 369 patients (58.3% women) were included. About 30% shown 1 comorbidity and 11.8% 2 or more. Cardiovascular diseases (22.7%) represented the most frequent comorbidity, followed by musculoskeletal pathology (13.6%), diabetes (8.6%), cancer (5.1%), and depression (4.8%). The Charlson Comorbidity Index was 0 in 65.2%, 1 in 25.7%, 2 in 7.0% and 3 to 4 in 2.1%. A total of 67 patients (mean age, 72 [12] years; 52.2% women) had at least 1 DDI. About 50% (N = 33) had up to 2 DDIs, 25% from 3 to 7 DDIs and 25% ≥ 8 (from 9-74 DDIs per person). A total of 501 DDIs were identified: the severity was low in 35.5%, moderate in 59.7% and high in 4.8%. The top 10 drugs involved in DDI were: acetylsalicylic acid (ASA), hydrochlorothiazide, ibuprofen, diclofenac, digoxin, nebivolol, pantoprazole, ramipril, furosemide, and nimesulide. DDIs occured more frequently with ASA and hydrochlorothiazide (6.2%), hydrochlorothiazide and pantoprazole (4.6%), ASA and ibuprofen (3.4%), ASA and nebivolol (3.4%), and ASA and nitroglycerin (3.2%). About 50% of DDIs involving ASA, hydrochlorothiazide, and ibuprofen were of low severity and another 50% of moderate severity. For diclofenac, low severity DDIs were 27.6% and 72.4% moderate while for digoxin 75.7% were moderate and 24.3% high. Conclusion: ICT technologies are useful to timely identify DDIs of clinical relevance and the drugs most frequently involved. ER  - 
Necrotizing fasciitis of the head and neck; Introduction: Necrotizing fasciitis (NF) of the head and neck is a rare, destructive soft tissue infection with a deceptively innocuous early presentation, associated with high mortality and morbidity. The objectives of this study are to present the incidence and data on patients encountered in the National University Health System (NUHS); and to propose an algorithm encompassing diagnosis, inpatient treatment, and post-discharge management. Methods: A retrospective review of all patients treated for NF of the head and neck in NUHS from January 2000 to June 2013. An algorithm was formulated following review of our patients and existing literature. Results: Of the 8 patients were treated; 7 had NF of the neck, 1 of the head. Typical presentations were rapidly progressing erythema, swelling and pain. Seven had poorly controlled diabetes mellitus. Possible aetiology included tonsillitis, insect bite, and acupuncture. All received emergency surgical debridement, intravenous antibiotics, and multidisciplinary supportive management;6 required reconstructive surgery; 2 patients passed away and morbidity included dysphagia, renal failure, facial palsy and depression. No recurrences were recorded. Conclusion: The head and neck is rarely affected, consisting 4.2% (8 of 190) of all NF in NUHS during the study period. Poorly controlled diabetes mellitus was a significant comorbidity. Imaging and investigations should not delay aggressive surgical and medical therapy. Patients suffer numerous complications; from the condition itself, prolonged hospitalisation (e.g. infections), debridements (e.g. functional impairment, wound cosmesis), and psychologically (e.g. depression). A multidisciplinary approach is crucial to treat the condition and complications. Postdischarge follow-up is essential for sequelae management. ER  - 
Characteristics of COPD patients by their COPD exacerbation frequency (CPRD cohort study); Background and Aims: Exacerbations of COPD are associated with major disease and economic burden in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Therefore, we conducted a study in a primary care electronic medical records database from England&Wales to elucidate frequency of and traits associated with exacerbations in COPD patients. Methods: Retrospective cohort study of prevalent COPD patients identified from primary care data in the Clinical Practice Research Datalink (CPRD GOLD) who were aged ≥40 years and had ≥1 diagnostic code for COPD recorded on or after 1st April 2009 with ≥12 history before and from the start of observation (date of diagnosis = cohort entry) and an FEV1/FVC ratio <0.7. Occurrences of moderate (medical diagnosis or concurrent treatment of antibiotics [ATB] and oral corticosteroid [OCS]) or severe (requiring hospital admission) exacerbations were collected 12 months before and following cohort entry. Medical Research Council (MRC) dyspnoea score and GOLD stage of airflow limitation nearest to cohort entry, comorbidities any time before, and co-medications during the 12 months prior were also flagged. Results: The cohort consisted of 58,589 COPD patients, 47% females, mean age 69 yrs (SD 10yrs) and mean FEV1 60% pred (SD 20%). During the 12 months follow-up, 53% (n=31,049) of patients reported none, 24% (n=14,189) one, and 23% (n=13,351) two or more moderate-severe exacerbations. Patients with frequent exacerbations (≥2/year) compared to those with none during the 12 months follow-up (Table) were more likely to be female (51% vs. 44%), had poorer lung function (mean FEV1 %pred.: 54% vs. 63% ), more dyspnoea (MRC≥3 58% vs. 36%), more often diagnosed with comorbidities (heart attack, heart failure, depression), were more often managed with maintenance treatment in the past 12months (≥1Rx LABA/ICS 68% vs. 38%, ≥1Rx LAMA 53% vs. 28%), and had a higher rate of exacerbations in the prior 12 months (rate per person/per year 1.7 vs. 0.4). Frequency of COPD exacerbations increased with GOLD stage of airflow limitation overall (r=0.18, p<0.001); however, 27% of patients without exacerbations had poor lung function (GOLD stage ≥3). Further, 53% of frequent exacerbators had mild or moderate airflow limitation (Figure). Conclusions: In this UK primary care based cohort we observed that patients with frequent moderate-severe exacerbations (≥2 events/year) differed from those who did not seek treatment for any exacerbation over 12 months. Exacerbation frequency increased with decreasing level of airflow limitation. (Figure Presented). ER  - 
Community associated MRSA pneumonia, is vancomycin adequate?; INTRODUCTION: Compared to nosocomial Methicillin Resistant Staphylococcus Aureus MRSA, Community- Associated MRSA (CA-MRSA) poses additional virulence factors including exotoxins like Panton-Valentine leukocidin (PVL) toxin that causes necrotizing pneumonia. Early recognition and appropriate antibiotics has substantial influence on survival in these cases. CASE PRESENTATION: A 41 year old Caucasian female with history of intravenous (IV) drug abuse and 27 pack year smoking history, she presented with one week history of progressive dyspnea, cough, yellowish sputum, hemoptysis, rigors and right sided pleuritic chest pain, all proceeded by one week history of influenza like illness. Physical exam revealed temperature of 97.7 F, heart rate 132, respiratory rate 24, blood pressure 99/47 mmHg, right upper chest crackles and SpO2 98% on 2 L Nasal Cannula. Labs and imaging studies showed WCC: 11.8 th/ul with 37% bands, lactic acid 1.8 mmol/L, and right upper lobe infiltrate on chest radiography. Patient was started on ceftriaxone and levaquin and admitted to regular medical floor. Within 48 hours, patient was transferred to the ICU with hypoxic respiratory failure refractory to conventional mechanical ventilation, shock, leukopenia, worsening multi-lobar infiltrate with right upper lobe cavitary lesions, acute renal failure, myocardial depression and encephalopathy. Antibiotic rigimen was changed to Vancomycin, piperacillin/tazobactam, and levaquin. Influenza A antigen came back positive, sputum and blood culture showed Gram positive cocci in clusters that later grew CA-MRSA. Bronchoscopy revealed inflamed right lung with purulent secretions. VA ECMO was utilized for six days and then discontinued successfully after improvement in oxygenation and hemodynamics. Three days later, hypoxia and hemodynamics became refractory again, antibiotic regimen was changed to Linezolid, Daptomycin and Nafcillin. High Frequency Oscillatory Ventilation HFOV was tried with no significant improvement, at this point family elected to withdraw care. DISCUSSION: CA-MRSA pneumonia is characterized by distinctive clinical features including young age, IV drug use, influenza like illness, rigors, hemoptysis, leukopenia, cavitary lesions and multi-lobar infiltrate. Case reports and experts suggest utilizing antibiotics that control toxin production rather than Vancomycin alone. CONCLUSIONS: Vancomycin alone might be inadequate for CA-MRSA pneumonia, adding agents active against CA-MRSA toxins might add clinical benefit. ER  - 
Mefloquine use, psychosis, and violence: A retinoid toxicity hypothesis; Mefloquine use has been linked to severe gastrointestinal and neuropsychiatric adverse effects, including cognitive disturbances, anxiety, depression, psychosis, and violence. The adverse effects of the drug are thought to result from the secondary consequences of hepatocellular injury; in fact, mefloquine is known to cause a transient, anicteric chemical hepatitis. However, the mechanism of mefloquine-associated liver damage and the associated neuropsychiatric and behavioral effects of the drug are not well understood. Mefloquine and other 8-amino-quinolines are the only antimalarial drugs that target the liver-stage malaria parasites, which selectively absorb vitamin A from the host. Vitamin A is also stored mainly in the liver, in potentially poisonous concentrations. These observations suggest that both the therapeutic effectiveness of mefloquine and its adverse effects are related to the ability of the 8-aminoquinolines to alter the metabolism of retinoids (vitamin A and its congeners). Several lines of evidence support the hypothesis that mefloquine neurotoxicity and other adverse effects reflect an endogenous form of hypervitaminosis A due to a process involving: mefloquine-induced dehydrogenase inhibition; the accumulation of retinoids in the liver; retinoid-induced hepatocellular damage; the spillage of stored retinoids into the circulation; and the transport of these compounds to the gut and brain in toxic concentrations. The retinoid hypothesis could be tested clinically by comparing cases of mefloquine toxicity and untreated controls in terms of retinoid profiles (retinol, retinyl esters, percent retinyl esters, and retinoic acid). Subject to such tests, retinoid profiling could provide an indicator for assessing mefloquine-associated adverse effects. © Med Sci Monit. ER  - 
Nutritional interventions in depression and perinatal depression; Depression is the leading cause of mental disability worldwide. Women who are depressed during pregnancy are at a higher risk for preterm delivery, preeclampsia, birth difficulties, and postpartum depression. The treatment of depression in conventional medicine has focused on physiological factors that lead to impaired neurotransmitter function and treatments to improve neurotransmitter function. Pharmaceutical substances pose risks for pregnant and lactating women, and lower risk options are preferred. Micronutrients, including certain B vitamins, folate, and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA†), play a role in the synthesis and absorption of neurotransmitters. Experimental studies suggest that supplementation with specific micronutrients may alleviate depressive symptoms and improve birth outcomes in patients with perinatal depression. Alternative treatments for depression, including nutritional supplements, are an important treatment option for depressive symptoms while limiting potential side effects and treatment costs. This article explores the biological basis of perinatal depression and reviews the potential benefits of non-pharmacological interventions. © 2013. ER  - 
Effects of long-term etanercept treatment on anxiety- and depression-like neurobehaviors in rats; Growing evidence indicates that there is a correlation between depression and inflammation. Administration of anti-tumor necrosis factor (TNF) agents for treatment of chronic inflammatory diseases, such as psoriasis, was associated with decreased depressive symptoms and increased quality of life in some clinical studies. The aim of the present study was to investigate the effects of chronic etanercept, a TNF-α inhibitor, on anxiety- and depression-like neurobehaviors in rats.Male rats were treated for 8. weeks with either saline or etanercept (0.8. mg/kg/week, subcutaneously). The anxiety levels of rats were evaluated using the elevated plus maze, a classical rodent model of anxiety and depression was measured using the force swimming test, a behavioral despair task.The anxiety-like neurobehaviors of the animals were found significantly decreased after the etanercept treatment. Etanercept significantly decreased immobility time in rat model of despair test, seemed to have an antidepressive effect in rats. Compared to saline treatment, long-term etanercept treatment had no effect on the total number and pattern of locomotor activities.Findings of the study supported the hypothesis that TNF-α has a role in the modulation of emotional processes and its inhibition may represent a novel strategy for the treatment of affective disorders. © 2013. ER  - 
Chronic radiation enteritis and malnutrition; Radiation enteritis is defined as the loss of absorptive capacity of the intestine following irradiation, which is most commonly seen after radiotherapy for pelvic and abdominal malignancies. It is divided into acute and chronic forms and usually presents with diarrhea and malabsorption. Malnutrition is a common complication of chronic radiation enteritis (CRE). We reviewed the etiology, prevalence, symptoms, diagnosis and management of CRE and CRE with malnutrition in this article. Functional short bowel syndrome as a cause of malnutrition in CRE is also considered. The diagnostic work-up includes serum markers, endoscopy, cross-sectional imaging and the exclusion of alternative diagnoses such as recurrent malignancy. Management options of CRE include dietary manipulation, anti-motility agents, electrolyte correction, probiotics, parenteral nutrition, surgical resection and small bowel transplantation. Treatment may also be required for coexisting conditions including vitamin B12 deficiency, bile acid malabsorption and depression. © 2013 The Authors Journal of Digestive Diseases © 2013 Wiley Publishing Asia Pty Ltd and Chinese Medical Association Shanghai Branch, Chinese Society of Gastroenterology, Renji Hospital Affiliated to Shanghai Jiaotong University School of Medicine. ER  - 
The anxiolytic effect of cannabidiol on chronically stressed mice depends on hippocampal neurogenesis: Involvement of the endocannabinoid system; Cannabidiol (CBD), the main non-psychotomimetic component of the plant Cannabis sativa, exerts therapeutically promising effects on human mental health such as inhibition of psychosis, anxiety and depression. However, the mechanistic bases of CBD action are unclear. Here we investigate the potential involvement of hippocampal neurogenesis in the anxiolytic effect of CBD in mice subjected to 14Â d chronic unpredictable stress (CUS). Repeated administration of CBD (30Â mg/kg i.p., 2Â h after each daily stressor) increased hippocampal progenitor proliferation and neurogenesis in wild-type mice. Ganciclovir administration to GFAP-thymidine kinase (GFAP-TK) transgenic mice, which express thymidine kinase in adult neural progenitor cells, abrogated CBD-induced hippocampal neurogenesis. CBD administration prevented the anxiogenic effect of CUS in wild type but not in GFAP-TK mice as evidenced in the novelty suppressed feeding test and the elevated plus maze. This anxiolytic effect of CBD involved the participation of the CB1 cannabinoid receptor, as CBD administration increased hippocampal anandamide levels and administration of the CB1-selective antagonist AM251 prevented CBD actions. Studies conducted with hippocampal progenitor cells in culture showed that CBD promotes progenitor proliferation and cell cycle progression and mimics the proliferative effect of CB1 and CB2 cannabinoid receptor activation. Moreover, antagonists of these two receptors or endocannabinoid depletion by fatty acid amide hydrolase overexpression prevented CBD-induced cell proliferation. These findings support that the anxiolytic effect of chronic CBD administration in stressed mice depends on its proneurogenic action in the adult hippocampus by facilitating endocannabinoid-mediated signalling. © CINP 2013. ER  - 
Occurrence of milnacipran-associated morbilliform rash and serotonin toxicity; OBJECTIVE: To report the development of morbilliform rash and serotonin toxicity after the addition of milnacipran to a patient's medication therapy. CASE SUMMARY: A 57-year-old white female presented to the emergency department because of a full-body morbilliform rash, which appeared 9 days after initiation of milnacipran 50 mg twice daily. In the emergency department the patient's vital signs were: heart rate 121 beats/min, blood pressure 180/100 mmHg, and temperature 38.9 °C. The patient reported diarrhea, nausea, dizziness, rest less - ness, and increased muscle pain. Her history included recurrent breast cancer first diagnosed in 1999, hypertension, fibromyalgia, depression, osteopenia, gastro - esopha geal reflux disease, insomnia, and endometriosis. Her home medications included milnacipran, fluoxetine, alprazolam, zolpidem, zoledronic acid, anastrozole, doxepin, ranitidine, levocetirizine, doxazosin, tramadol, vitamin D, and ferrous gluco - nate. The patient's increased heart rate, blood pressure, and temperature, as well as restlessness, self-reported diarrhea and nausea, and self-reported increase in muscle pain, indicated serotonin toxicity. Milnacipran, fluoxetine, and tramadol were discontinued, while doxepin was continued. Treatment consisted of acetaminophen, diphenhydramine, methylprednisolone, promethazine, and hydralazine 10 mg intravenously. The following morning all vital signs were within normal limits and the patient's diarrhea, nausea, dizziness, restlessness, and muscle pain resolved. She was discharged the following morning. The rash had resolved after day 2 of hospital discharge, which was the fourth day after discontinuation of milnacipran. DISCUSSION: Given the patient's symptoms, the timing of symptom onset, the patient's history, and findings on physical examination, as well as use of the Naranjo probability scale, milnacipran was deemed the probable cause of the morbilliform reaction and serotonin toxicity. Only 1 case report of rash and 2 case reports of serotonin syndrome associated with milnacipran have been reported. CONCLUSIONS: It is important to increase awareness of the possibility of developing morbilliform rash and serotonin toxicity with milnacipran therapy, as both conditions can be associated with poor outcomes if not detected early and treated appro - priately. © 1967-2013 Harvey Whitney Books Co. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Efficacy of antibacterial activity of antibiotics Ciprofloxacin and Gentamycin improved with anti depressant drug, escitalopram; Escitalopram oxalate was shown to inhibit the in vitro growth of microbial infections. Generally Escitalopram used in the treatment of depression, but having other pharmacological action of antimicrobial activity. A total of five strains were studied to determine whether the anti depressant drug Escitalopram used in combination with the conventional antibiotic Gentamycin and Ciprofloxacin synergistically augments the efficacy of the antibiotic in vitro. The effect of combination was evaluated by MIC determination by turbidity method and disc diffusion method Escitalopram was synergistic with Gentamycin and Ciprofloxacin against tested organisms Gram-positive clinical isolates like staphylococcus aureus NCIM 2079, Gram-negative organisms such as pseudomonas aeruginosa NCIM 2036, klebsiella pneumonia NCIM 2719, proteus mirabilis, enterobator cloacae NCIM 2164. From the results of MIC Escitalopram oxalate against staph aureus 1000 μg/ml, enterococcus faecalis is 1000 μg/ml, pseudo flatulence1000 μg/ml, Klebsiella pneumonia 250 μg/ml, proteus mirabilis 500 μg/ml whereas in combination there was two, three fold reduction of MIC. Thus, the ability of extended antibiotic therapy may be improved with the help of this synergistic drug pair in micro organisms. The Significance of such findings may indicate parallel administration of antidepressant with antibiotics against micro organisms. ER  - 
Increased autoimmune responses against auto-epitopes modified by oxidative and nitrosative damage in depression: Implications for the pathways to chronic depression and neuroprogression; Objective: There is evidence that major depression is characterized by oxidative and nitrosative stress (O&NS). The aim of this study is to examine IgM-mediated autoimmune responses against a variety of modified neo-epitopes formed by O&NS damage to self-epitopes in chronic depression. Methods: Serum IgM antibodies directed against conjugated oleic and azelaic acid, malondialdehyde (MDA), phosphatidyl inositol (Pi), and conjugated nitric-oxide (NO) adducts, i.e., NO-tryptophan, NO-tyrosine, NO-arginine, and NO-cysteinyl, were determined in 33 healthy controls and 74 depressed patients subdivided into 28 patients with chronic (duration >2 year) and 46 without chronic depression. Results: Serum IgM levels against all neoepitopes were significantly higher in depressed patients than in healthy controls. Moreover, the IgM levels were significantly higher, except Pi, in chronically depressed patients than in non-chronically depressed patients. Conclusions: Depression is characterized by IgM-related autoimmune responses directed against neo-epitopes that are normally hidden from the immune system but that became immunogenic secondary to damage by O&NS. The results show that the generation of neoantigenic determinants that lead to (auto)immune responses is strongly associated with chronic depression. Discussion: The damage caused by O&NS to auto-epitopes and the consequent formation of O&NS modified neoantigenic determinants may increase the risk to develop depression and in particular chronic depression through transition to autoimmune reactions. This has implications for understanding the immuno-inflammatory and oxidative-autoimmune pathways that lead to chronic depression and neuroprogression in that illness. © 2012 Elsevier B.V. ER  - 
Eicosapentaenoic acid versus docosahexaenoic acid in mild-to-moderate depression: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; Controversy exists as to whether eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) or docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) or both are responsible for the efficacy of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in depression. We conducted a single-center, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multi-arm, parallel-group trial, comparing the efficacy of EPA versus DHA as adjuvants to maintenance medication treatments for mild-to-moderate depression. Eighty-one mild-to-moderately depressed outpatients were randomly assigned to receive either 1. g/d of EPA or DHA or placebo (coconut oil) for 12 weeks. The primary outcome measure was the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) final score in the modified intention-to-treat population, which comprised of all randomized patients with at least 1 post-randomization observation (n = 62; 61.3% female; mean age 35.1±1.2 years). Allocated treatments were well tolerated. Although there was no significant difference between groups at baseline, patients in the EPA group showed a significantly lower mean HDRS score at study endpoint compared with those in the DHA (p < 0.001) or placebo (p = 0.002) groups. Furthermore, response to treatment (defined as a ≥50% decrease from the baseline HDRS score) was only observed in 6 patients receiving EPA, while no one in any of DHA or placebo groups responded to treatment. Overall, these data suggest greater efficacy of EPA compared to DHA or placebo as an adjunctive treatment in mild-to-moderate depression. However, further, randomized controlled trials are needed to support these findings. © 2012 Elsevier B.V. and ECNP. ER  - 
Elevated ratio of arachidonic acid to long-chain omega-3 fatty acids predicts depression development following interferon-alpha treatment: Relationship with interleukin-6; Cross-sectional studies have found that an elevated ratio of arachidonic acid to omega-3 fatty acid is associated with depression, and controlled intervention studies have found that decreasing this ratio through administration of omega-3 fatty acids can alleviate depressive symptoms. Additionally, arachidonic acid and omega-3 fatty acids have opposing effects on inflammatory signaling. Exogenous administration of the inflammatory cytokine interferon-alpha (IFN-α) can trigger a depressive episode in a subset of vulnerable people, though associated risk factors remain poorly understood. Using a within-subject prospective design of 138 subjects, we examined whether baseline long-chain omega-3 (docosahexaenoic acid - DHA; eicosapentaenoic acid - EPA) and omega-6 (arachidonic acid - AA; di-homo-gamma-linolenic acid - DGLA) fatty acid status was associated with depression vulnerability in hepatitis C patients treated with IFN-α. Based on the literature, we had specific a priori interest in the AA/EPA. +. DHA ratio. Lower baseline DHA predicted depression incidence (p=. 0.04), as did elevated DGLA (p=. 0.02) and an elevated AA/EPA. +. DHA ratio (p=. 0.007). The AA/EPA. +. DHA ratio predicted depression even when controlling for other critical variables such as sleep quality and race. A higher AA/EPA. +. DHA ratio was positively associated with both increasing Montgomery-Asperg Depression Rating Scores over time (F=. 4.0; p<. 0.05) as well as interleukin-6 levels (F=. 107.4; p<. 0.05) but not C-reactive protein. Importantly, omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acid status was not associated with sustained viral response to IFN-α treatment. These prospective data support the role of fatty acid status in depression vulnerability and indicate a potential role for omega-3 fatty acids in the prevention of inflammation-induced depression. © 2012 Elsevier Inc.. ER  - 
Transcriptional signatures related to glucose and lipid metabolism predict treatment response to the tumor necrosis factor antagonist infliximab in patients with treatment-resistant depression; Differential expression of genes related to glucose and lipid metabolism predicts response to TNF antagonism in treatment resistant depressed patients. The tumor necrosis factor (TNF) antagonist infliximab was recently found to reduce depressive symptoms in patients with increased baseline inflammation as reflected by a plasma C-reactive protein concentration > 5. mg/L. To further explore predictors and targets of response to infliximab, differential gene expression was examined in peripheral blood mononuclear cells from infliximab responders (n=. 13) versus non-responders (n=. 14) compared to placebo at baseline and 6. h, 24. h, and 2. weeks after the first infliximab infusion. Treatment response was defined as 50% reduction in depressive symptoms at any point during the 12-week trial. One-hundred-forty-eight gene transcripts were significantly associated (1.2-fold, adjusted p≤. 0.01) with response to infliximab and were distinct from placebo responders. Transcripts predictive of infliximab response were associated with gluconeogenesis and cholesterol transport, and were enriched in a network regulated by hepatocyte nuclear factor (HNF)4-alpha, a transcription factor involved in gluconeogenesis and cholesterol and lipid homeostasis. Of the 148 transcripts differentially expressed at baseline, 48% were significantly regulated over time in infliximab responders, including genes related to gluconeogenesis and the HNF4-alpha network, indicating that these predictive genes were responsive to infliximab. Responders also demonstrated inhibition of genes related to apoptosis through TNF signaling at 6. h and 24. h after infusion. Transcripts down-regulated in responders 2. weeks after infliximab were related to innate immune signaling and nuclear factor-kappa B. Thus, baseline transcriptional signatures reflective of alterations in glucose and lipid metabolism predicted antidepressant response to infliximab, and infliximab response involved regulation of metabolic genes and inhibition of genes related to innate immune activation. © 2013 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Quality of hospice care for individuals with dementia; Background Patients with dementia constitute an increasing proportion of hospice enrollees, yet little is known about the quality of hospice care for this population. The aim of this study was to quantify differences in quality of care measures between hospice patients with and without dementia. Design Cross-sectional analysis of data. Setting 2007 National Home and Hospice Care Survey. Participants Four thousand seven hundred eleven discharges from hospice care. Measurements A primary diagnosis of dementia at discharge was defined according to International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision, codes (290.0-290.4x, 294.0, 294.1, 294.8, 331.0-331.2, 331.7, and 331.8). Quality-of-care measures included enrollment in hospice in the last 3 days of life, receiving tube feeding, depression, receiving antibiotics, lack of advanced directive or do not resuscitate order, Stage II or greater pressure ulcers, emergency care, lack of continuity of residence, and a report of pain at last assessment. Results Four hundred fifty (9.5%) individuals were discharged with a primary diagnosis of dementia. In multivariable analysis, individuals with dementia were more likely to receive tube feeding (odds ratio (OR) = 2.6, 95% confidence interval (CI) = 1.4-4.5) and to have greater continuity of residence (OR = 1.8, 95% CI = 1.1-3.0) than other individuals in hospice and less likely to have a report of pain at last assessment (OR = 0.6, 95% CI = 0.3-0.9). Conclusions The majority of quality-of-care measures examined did not differ between individuals in hospice with and without dementia. Use of tube feeding in hospice care and methods of pain assessment and treatment in individuals with dementia should be considered as potential quality-of-care measures. © 2013, Copyright the Authors Journal compilation © 2013, The American Geriatrics Society. ER  - 
Molecular mechanisms of depression: Perspectives on new treatment strategies; Depression is a multicausal disorder and has been associated with the risk to develop cancer, dementia, diabetes, epilepsy and stroke. As a metabolic disorder depression has been associated with obesity, diabetes, insulin sensitivity, neuropeptide Y, glucose regulation, poor glycemic control, glucagone-like peptide-1, cholezystokinin, ghrelin, leptin, the endocannabinoid system, insulin-like growth factor and gastrin-releasing peptide. As a cardiovascular disease a close relationship exists between depression and blood pressure, heart rate, norepinephrine, sympathetic tone, vascular resistance, blood viscosity, plasma volume, intima thickness and atherosclerosis. Additionally blood coagulation, fibrinolysis, D-dimers, plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 protein, platelet activation, VEGF, plasma nitric oxide and its synthase are changed in depressed patients. As an endocrinological and stress disorder depression has been connected with the concentration of free T 4, TSH, CRH, arginine vasopressin, corticotrophin, corticosteroid release and ACTH. Depression as an inflammatory disorder is mediated by pro-inflammatory cytokines, interleukin-1, interleukin-6, TNF-alpha, soluble interleukin-2 receptors, interferon-alpha, interleukin 8, interleukin-10, hs-CRP, acute phase proteins, haptoglobin, toll like receptor 4, interleukin-1beta, mammalian target of rapamycin pathway, substance P, cyclooxygenase-2, prostaglandin-E2, lipid peroxidation levels and acid sphingomyelinase. Nutritional factors might influence depression risk, i.e. the consumption of folate, omega-3 fatty acids, monounsaturated fatty acids, olive oil, fish, fruits, vegetables, nuts, legumes, vitamin B6 and vitamin B12. The neurodegenerative hypothesis of depression explains decreased hippocampal volumes in depressed patients and changes of neurotrophic support by BDNF, erythropoietin, GDNF, FGF-2, NT3, NGF and growth hormone. In this context, a fast neuroprotective and antidepressant effect has also been observed by ketamine, which acts via the glutamatergic system. Hence, GABA, AMPA, EAAT, NMDA- and metabotropic glutamate receptors (mGluR1 to mGluR8) have gained interest in depression recently. Alternative, causative or also easy available treatment strategies beyond serotonin and noradrenaline reuptake inhibition might be a major topic of future psychiatric care. In this review, an attempt is made to overview concepts of the disease and search for perspectives on antidepressant treatment strategies beyond approved medications. Copyright © 2013 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Low intensity 70.6 and 73 GHz frequencies electromagnetic irradiation and different antibiotics effects on E. Coli ions transports properties; The depressive effects of low intensity coherent EMI of 70.6 and 73 GHz frequencies on E. coli growth and survival properties, which enhanced with ceftriaxone or kanamycin antibiotics have been reported previously. This could be due to the reorganizations in membrane and alterations inside of cell. Therefore, the study of EMI and antibiotics action on ions fluxes is important to understand the role of bacterial membrane. E. coli carried out H+ and K+ exchange at the presence of energy source (glucose) by secreting 2 H+ by the proton F0F1-ATPase and uptaking a K+ by TrkA system [1]. This study showed that E. coli H+ and K+ transport systems activities were depressed after irradiation, which was strengthened with DCCD and ceftriaxone and kanamycin. The overall picture was the same for two frequencies, with a little difference. The depression of H+ and K+ fluxes rate was maximally achieved with the frequency of 73 GHz. EMI strengthened the effect of DCCD and 73 GHz and had more influence on H+ efflux inhibition, whereas 70.6 GHz on K+ influx. Also, EMI strengthened the ceftriaxone and kanamycin depressive effects on the overall and DCCD-inhibited H+ and K+ fluxes. The 73 GHz EMI enforced the effect of ceftriaxone on both ions fluxes. But, kanamycin more depressed H+ efflux. The results of E. coli H+ and K+ transport systems activities depression by irradiation and the irradiation effect on DCCD and antibiotics action indicated about the EMI and antibiotics causing primary changes in bacterial membrane and its ion transporting systems. Especially, the effectiveness of combined action of EMI and antibiotics can be useful in future applications to overcome bacterial resistance to antibiotics [1]. ER  - 
Peripheral poly I:C-induced neuroinflammation: Role of toll-like receptor 3 (TLR3) in microglia; It has been suggested that peripheral infection/inflammation may play a role in the onset or development of not only neurodegenerative diseases but also depression, autism and chronic fatigue syndrome through inflammatory responses in the brain. To investigate the role of microglia in this hypothesis we used a model of neuroinflammation induced by an intraperitoneal (i.p.) injection of the Toll-like receptor 3 (TLR3) agonist, polyinosinic:polycytidylic acid (poly I:C) in rats. As we reported previously an injection of poly I:C (i.p) decreased the daily amounts of spontaneous running wheel activity to ∼60% of the preinjection levels until day 7. Microglia were morphologically activated in the prefrontal cortex (PFC) until 72 hrs after the injection of poly I:C. Pretreatment with minocycline for the 3 consecutive days (40 mg/kg/ day) blocked the poly I:C-induced decrease in the running wheel activity as well as microglial activation. Quantitative analysis of mRNA levels demonstrated that interferon-a (IFN-a) increased in the PFC on both days 1 and 7. We found in the present study that poly I:C injection induced increases in mRNAs relevant to TLR-signaling such as TLR3, interferon regulatory factor 3 (IRF3) and IRF7 in the PFC. Furthermore, direct application of poly I:C to the primary cultured microglia also induced an enhanced expression of IFN-a, TLR3, IRF3 and IRF7. It has been reported that permeability of blood-brain barrier is increased after poly I:C injection (Wang et al., 2004). Therefore, it is possible that the peripheral poly I:C enters into the brain to induce neuroinflammation by activating microglia. Interestingly, intracerebroventricular (i.c.v.) injection of primary cultured microglia activated by poly I:C, but not by lipopolysaccharide, effectively produced a significant decrease in spontaneous activity in rats. Taken together, these findings suggest that microglial activation is important for poly I:Cinduced neuroinflammation through inducing TLR3-related genes. Roles of each gene in the behavioral changes will be further studied. ER  - 
Modulation of behavioral and neural plasticity by glia and IL-1 signaling; In the last few years it became evidence that glia play a central role in modulating neural and behavioral processes under both physiological and pathological conditions. Under normal quiescent conditions, glia respond to environmental stimuli and positively regulate the remodeling of synaptic connections and neural circuits, promoting memory consolidation, hippocampal long-term potentiation (LTP) and neurogenesis. These beneficial physiological effects are mediated by complex interactions among glia, neurons, neural precursor cells (NPCs) and peripheral immune cells, involving the responsiveness of glia to classical neurotransmitters and hormones, as well as the secretion and responsiveness of neurons and glia to low levels of “inflammatory” cytokines. For example, we recently reported that the microglial-derived cytokine interleukin (IL)-1 is expressed in the hippocampus during learning acquisition and activates IL-1 receptor-mediated signaling in astrocytes, which is critical for memory consolidation and LTP. Furthermore, we discovered that hippocampal microglia number and morphology are altered by rearing in enriched environment, and these alterations substantially contribute to the beneficial effects of environmental enrichment on memory functioning and neurogenesis. In conditions under which glia are strongly activated by infection, injury, neurodegeneration or exposure to severe/chronic stressful conditions, they change their morphology and functioning, and secrete high levels of pro-inflammatory cytokines that disrupt the delicate balance needed for their normal neurophysiological actions, producing direct detrimental effects on memory, neural plasticity and neurogenesis. Consistently, we found that blockade of microglia activation and IL-1 signaling, either by minocycline or by intra-hippocampal transplantation of NPCs with transgenic over-expression of IL-1ra, rescues the cognitive, emotional and neurogenic disturbances associated with mouse models of Alzheimer's disease and chronic stress-induced depression. ER  - 
Assessments of quality of life and therapeutic effects by biologics treatment for psoriasis vulgaris ã comaparison between biologics and ciclosporin; Introduction: Recent studies have shown that the quality of life (QOL) of psoriasis patients was markedly impaired. We have reported that a lowdose, short-term ciclosporin (CSA, Neoral®) therapy is effective in improving patients' quality of life in mild to severe psoriasis patients. In the last decade, psoriasis treatments by biologics, such as TNF-α inhibitors and anti-IL-12/23 p40 antibody, have resulted in significant clinical benefits for patients. Only a few studies have investigated the impact on QOL, when biologics were administered in moderate to severe cases. Objectives: The aim of the present study is to investigate the efficacy of biologics therapy, such as infliximab, adalimumab and ustekinumab, in moderate to severe psoriasis patients and to compare biologics treatments with CSA as conventional treatment for the assessment of QOL in these patients. Materials and Methods: Patients with moderate to severe psoriasis were administered infliximab, adalimumab or ustekinumab in Tokyo Medical University Hospital. Clinical evaluations on biologics were performed. Surveys were conducted before and after the therapy to ascertain QOL, itch, nail condition, joint pain, stress associated with topical application and therapy satisfaction. QOL was assessed by using the Japanese version of DLQI and Skindex-16 specific to skin diseases, and the Japanese version of the GHQ-28, which assesses mental health. Results: Data collected from 35 patients were analyzed. After 24 weeks, about 65% of patients achieved a psoriatic area and severity index (PASI) 75 response, and about 20% of patients achieved a PASI 90 response. The total DLQI score significantly decreased and was 0∼1 of which “there is no influence” in about 60% of patients at 24 weeks after administration. The total Skindex-16 score significantly decreased especially in the “functioning” category. GHQ scores also significantly decreased especially in “depression.” With regard to patients' satisfaction with their therapy, about 85% reported “satisfied” or “slightly satisfied”. Conclusion: These results demonstrate that the administration of biologics was more efficient and improved psoriasis patients' QOL especially in the “functioning” category than CSA treatment. QOL assessment is a very useful tool for evaluating the value of therapy. ER  - 
Phenolic compounds prevent betaamyloid-protein oligomerization and synaptic dysfunction by site-specific binding; Background: Cerebral deposition of amyloid b-protein (Aβ) is an invariant feature of Alzheimer's disease (AD), and epidemiological evidence suggests that moderate consumption of foods enriched with phenolic compounds reduce the incidence of AD. We previously reported that the phenolic compounds myricetin (Myr) and rosmarinic acid (RA) inhibited Aβ aggregation in vitro and in vivo. The purpose of this study is to elucidate a mechanistic basis for these results. Methods:We analyzed the assembly of the A β 42 and A β 40 with five phenolic compounds, Myr, ferulic acid, nordihydroguaiaretic acid, curcumin, and RA using several well established techniques for studying amyloid formation, including photo-induced cross-linking of unmodified proteins (PICUP), atomic force microscopy (AFM), and nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR). Next, we examined whether the phenolic compounds reduced A β oligomer-induced cytotoxicity and synaptic dysfunction using 3-(19)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide (MTT) assays and electrophysiological assays for long term potentiation (LTP) and depression (LTD) in hippocampal slices. Results: The phenolic compounds blocked Aboligomerization, and Myr promoted significant NMR chemical shift changes of monomeric Aβ. Both Myr and RA reduced cellular toxicity and synaptic dysfunction of the Aβ oligomers. Conclusions: These results suggest that Myr and RA may play key roles in blocking the toxicity and early assembly processes associated with Aβ through differently binding. ER  - 
The effects of combined omega-3 fatty acids and valproic acid supplementation on symptoms of borderline personality disorder: A pilot study; In recent years, omega-3 fatty acids have received increasing interest for their stabilizing effects on plasmatic membranes and cell signalling. Recent studies have considered the efficacy of these agents in treatment of several psychiatric disorders, in particular mood disorders. Two recent trials have tested the effects of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in patients with borderline personality disorder (BPD). The present pilot study is testing safety of administering EPA and DHA in association with valproic acid and efficacy of EPA and DHA plus valproic acid in reducing symptoms of BPD. A group of 10 BPD patients treated for 12 weeks was evaluated at baseline and after 12 weeks with: CGI - Severity Item, HAM-D, HAM-A, SOFAS, BPDSI for BPD related symptoms, BIS-11 for impulsivity, MOAS for aggressiveness, SHI for self-injuries, and DOTES for adverse effects. The association had significant effects on the complex of BPD related symptoms (p=0.010), depression (p=0.028), affective instability (p=0.001), impulsive behaviors (p=0.001), and outbursts of anger (p=0.008). Adverse effects were mild to moderate dyspepsia, nausea, and weight gain. These initial data suggest that combined therapy with omega-3 fatty acids and valproate is an effective and well tolerated option in the treatment of BPD. Actual contribution of EPA and DHA to the overall effects of the association need to be assessed in a controlled study. © 2013 Bentham Science Publishers. ER  - 
The effect of etanercept on aortic nitric oxide-dependent vasorelaxation in an unpredictable chronic, mild stress model of depression in rats; Stress has been recognized as a risk factor for cardiovascular disease and depression, but the correlation is not well understood. However, inflammation is known to have a crucial role in both cardiovascular disease and depression. Tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-α) is a major cytokine for the activation of neuroendocrine, immune and behavioral responses. Therefore, we aimed to explore the effects of etanercept, an anti-TNF-α fusion protein, on endothelium-dependent vascular reactivity, blood pressure and endothelial nitric oxide synthase (eNOS) immunoreactivity in a model of unpredictable chronic mild stress (UCMS). Male rats were exposed to UCMS for 8 weeks, and etanercept (0.8 mg/kg, weekly) was administered during UCMS induction. The systolic blood pressure was recorded by the tail cuff method, and the relaxant responses of the aorta induced by carbachol, sodium nitroprusside (SNP) and papaverine were evaluated in an isolated organ bath system. UCMS rats exhibited an impaired carbachol-induced relaxant response compared to control rats, but there were no significant differences in the SNP- and papaverine-induced relaxant responses between the control and stressed rats. Etanercept treatment improved the carbachol-induced endothelium dependent relaxations observed in rats that experienced UCMS. No significant change in the systemic blood pressure was observed, but decreased expression of eNOS was detected in the UCMS group. Moreover, there were no significant changes in the etanercept treatment group compared to the control rats. Our results suggest that TNF-α could be a mediator of vascular dysfunction associated with UCMS, which leads to decreased expression of eNOS. © 2013 Elsevier B.V. ER  - 
Treatment of cyanobacterial (microcystin) toxicosis using oral cholestyramine: Case report of a dog from Montana; A two and a half year old spayed female Miniature Australian Shepherd presented to a Montana veterinary clinic with acute onset of anorexia, vomiting and depression. Two days prior, the dog was exposed to an algal bloom in a community lake. Within h, the animal became lethargic and anorexic, and progressed to severe depression and vomiting. A complete blood count and serum chemistry panel suggested acute hepatitis, and a severe coagulopathy was noted clinically. Feces from the affected dog were positive for the cyanobacterial biotoxin, microcystin-LA (217 ppb). The dog was hospitalized for eight days. Supportive therapy consisted of fluids, mucosal protectants, vitamins, antibiotics, and nutritional supplements. On day five of hospitalization, a bile acid sequestrant, cholestyramine, was administered orally. Rapid clinical improvement was noted within 48 h of initiating oral cholestyramine therapy. At 17 days post-exposure the dog was clinically normal, and remained clinically normal at re-check, one year post-exposure. To our knowledge, this is the first report of successful treatment of canine cyanobacterial (microcystin) toxicosis. Untreated microcystin intoxication is commonly fatal, and can result in significant liver damage in surviving animals. The clinical success of this case suggests that oral administration of cholestyramine, in combination with supportive therapy, could significantly reduce hospitalization time, cost-of-care and mortality for microcystin-poisoned animals. © 2013 by the authors; licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. ER  - 
Environmental risk factors for inflammatory bowel disease; Crohn's disease (CD) and ulcerative colitis (UC) are chronic immunologically mediated diseases that often have a relapsing-remitting course in young persons. Genetic-risk polymorphisms explain less than one third of the heritability of disease. Epidemiologic and laboratory data suggest that environmental factors play a significant role in influencing the risk and natural history of disease. Smoking is the most widely and consistently described risk factor. It, however, increases the risk of CD while conferring protection against UC. The gut microbiome is a key component in the development of inflammatory bowel disease (IBD). Several external factors potentially exert an effect by influencing the composition of the gut microbiome or disrupting the intestinal barrier. These external influences include the use of antibiotics or nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and the presence of enteric infections. Data on diet have been inconsistent, but high fiber intake, particularly of soluble fiber, appears to protect against CD, whereas protein intake may increase disease risk. Vitamin D may also play an important protective role, particularly in patients with CD. Neurobehavioral factors, such as stress and depression, also influence the risk of IBD. Systematic and rigorous studies of environmental exposures in the management of IBD are needed. In particular, studies of whether environmental factors can be modified to reduce the likelihood of relapse or improve patient outcomes would be valuable. ER  - 
Clinical status, psychosocial impairments, medical treatment and health care costs for patients with inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) in Germany: An online IBD registry; Background: The aim of this cross-sectional study was to establish an online inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) registry for a first picture of the situation of IBD outpatients' treatment in Germany. Methods: Between March 2006 and July 2007 IBD outpatients from 24 gastroenterological specialist practices and two hospitals in Germany were enrolled in an Internet-based registry to evaluate the outpatients' clinical status, psychological impairments, provided health care, as well as medical treatment and medication costs. Results: 1032 IBD patients (ulcerative colitis/UC: 519; Crohn's disease/CD: 511; indeterminate colitis: 2) were enrolled in the study (age: 43 ± 14. years/M ± SD). Disease duration of all patients averaged 10 ± 8.5. years. In 519 UC-patients (49% male; 33% pancolitis), 66% were in remission as were 55% of CD patients (37 % male; 41 % active smokers). Associated with higher rates of disease activity (CDAI ≥ 150; CAI > 4) were corticosteroids (CD, UC), topical medication (UC), relevant reported depressive symptoms (15%; 6-31%) and impairments in sexuality (21%; 9-42%). Relevant medication groups prescribed were oral aminosalicylates (UC: 70%; CD: 47%); immunosuppressive therapy - mostly azathioprine/6 MP (CD: 47%; UC: 26%), and Infliximab (CD: 8%; UC: 3%).Strongly associated with their clinical disease activity in UC as well as CD patients, 15% (6-31%) reported relevant depressive symptoms and 21% (9-42%) relevant impairments in sexuality. Conclusions: The registry constitutes a large complemental database for the patient population in Germany. About one third of the IBD patients were not in clinical remission (CDAI ≥ 150/CAI > 4) (CD: 45%; UC: 27%), although high rates of immunosuppressive drugs (CD: 47%; UC 26%) were administered. This study shows a large burden of active disease associated with an unexpectedly high (co)morbidity and high psychosocial impairments, indicating a reduced health state in IBD patients. © 2012 European Crohn's and Colitis Organisation. ER  - 
Analgesic, anti-inflammatory and antidepressant activities of triterpene from Meiocarpidium lepidotum (Annonaceae) bark; Background: The traditional phytomedicine: Meiocarpidium lepidotum (Oliv.) Engl. & Diels (Annonaceae) has been used in Fang community to treat respiratory allergy and dry cough. Aims: This study was designed to verify the antinociceptive, antidepressant, antiinflammatory and acute toxicity of Meiocarpidium lepidotum (ML) extractin rat and mice. Materials and Methods: The crude aqueous extract of plant was used in different studies. Phytochemical qualitative analysis was performed using classical methods. The analgesic activity was assessed by employing different pain models such as, tail flick tests for central analgesia, acetic acid-induced writhing (peripheral analgesic model), carrageenan-induced hyperalgesia (inflammation model) in mice. In rat an antidepressant activity was assessed by swimming test. Results: Our study demonstrated that the crude aqueous extract of ML containing triterpene was not toxic and was able to prevent nociception, inflammation and depression at the concentration close to 1 mg/kg. In mice ML induced reduction of swelling of the edema paws. This anti-inflammatory effect is similar to that obtained with 150 mg of acetylsalicylic acid (ASA) and 10 mg of indomethacin for 3 h and then significantly reduces after 4 h (P < 0.001). The analgesic effect of 1 mg/kg of ML was similar to the effect of 0.1 mg/kg of morphine (Mph) in tail flick tests (P < 0.001) and that of 150 mg of ASA in acetic acidinduced writhing test. In addition this study showed that 1 mg/kg of ML exhibited antidepressant effect similar to that obtained with 32 mg/kg of Fluoxetine (P < 0.01). Discussion: We can postulate that ML activity is reduced in presence of TNF-α, IL-1β, COX and PGs and was higher in presence of NSAIDs, such as indometha-cin and acetylsalicylic acid. This result suggests that ML may act as opioid analgesics. The selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor fluoxetine boosted swimming behavior and the effect of ML is similar but less potent than that of Fluoxetine. ER  - 
Paranoid delirium following methotrexate therapy: A case report; Introduction: Methotrexate is a folic acid analog acting by inhibiting the dihydrofolate reductase leading to perturbation in DNA bases synthesis principally in rapid division cells like bacteria, neoplasic, hematopoietic and digestive cells. This drug has large indications and is used especially at low doses in some rhumatological diseases. It exposes to many adverse reactions mainly hematological or digestive. We reported here a case of a woman who presented psychiatric symptoms during methotrexate treatment. Observation: A 45-year old woman was admitted to hospital in psychiatric department, in April 2012, for severe psychiatric disorders with straight aggressiveness in a context of neighborhood conflict. Indeed, police forces have to intervene after she threw stones over dividing wall. She did not present psychiatric symptoms in her history excepted depressive symptoms leading to two previous consultations. At this time, psychologist concluded to a poorly structured and fragile personality without psychotic element. Besides, she was treated by sulfasalazine followed by etanercept for an ankylosing spondylitis, since 2008. Since March 2012, methotrexate was initiated because of loss of efficacy of previous treatments. On arrival in the department, the woman was sthenic, then she quickly calmed down. She was in denial of the facts and also presented elements of persecution to her neighbor. Clinically, she was neither tachypsychic, nor logorrheic. However, she presented graphorrhea with maladjusted scripts. Antipsychotic and sedative therapies were initiated but were low efficient. Sodium divalproate was then added without significant improvement. In front of this atypical case, responsibility of methotrexate was evoked. According to rhumatologists, methotrexate was stopped and replaced by sulfasalazine. Few days later, psychiatric symptoms significantly improved but articular pains occurred evoking acute attacks of her inflammatory disease inducing initiation of etanercept. Discussion: Concerning drug imputability in occurrence of these psychiatric symptoms, the chronology seems to be in favor of methotrexate responsibility because of significant improvement of symptomatology after its withdrawal. In the literature, mood disorders are described with methotrexate but, at our knowledge, there are no reports of paranoid delirium. Although this effect is unusual, clinicians should be aware of possible occurrence of severe psychiatric disorders during methotrexate therapy. ER  - 
A prospective multi centre study to examine the impact of home intravenous antibiotic treatment (H-IVAT) on carer well being; Objectives: The UK CF registry states since 2007 over 40% of intravenous antibiotics administered to children in the UK were delivered by carer(s) at home (H-IVAT). Carer focus groups reflecting on the challenge of living with CF identified H-IVAT as the most challenging task they faced. This study was designed to examine this healthcare task and identify features that impact on carer well being. Methods: This was a multi centre observational study of carers. At baseline carers completed a number of psychometric measures including the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) and the Parenting Stress Index (PSI), and a bespoke RISK tool to assess H-IVAT. Phone diaries were collected at one regular care period and one time period when parents had the addition of H-IVAT to manage to assess the impact of H-IVAT on family's daily life. Results: 129 families from 30 different CF centres across the UK took part in the study, representing 22% of children who completed H-IVAT 2009-10. Use of a homecare company (F(1,99) = 15.9 p<0.001) and use of infusion device(s) associated with lower BDI scores (F(2,97) = 6.9, p<0.005). Parenting stress from “isolation” (r = 0.57) and “carer poor health” (r = 0.58) associated with higher BDI scores, but not “use of homecare” or “infusion device”. Multivariate analysis found “use of homecare company”, “isolation” and “carer poor health” explained the variance in carer BDI scores (r2 = 0.44). Parents slept on average 74 minutes less during H-IVAT than the regular care period (t = 2.8, df = 18, p = 0.012). Conclusion: Use of infusion devices and a homecare company associated with fewer depressive symptoms. On average carers sleep less during H-IVAT. ER  - 
Anxiety and depression symptoms in caregivers of children and adolescents with cystic fibrosis in Spain; Caregivers of children and adolescents with chronic illnesses are at higher risk for symptoms of depression and anxiety. Our aim was to evaluate the prevalence of these symptoms in parent caregivers of children and adolescents with cystic fibrosis (CF) in Spain. Methods: 276 parents of 250 children with CF ages 0-17 completed the Hospital Anxiety Depression Scale (HADS) and the Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression Scale (CES-D). Clinical and demographic data were collected from patients' clinical charts. Results: High rates of depression and anxiety were reported by caregivers: CES-D: 53.98%; HADS Depression: 32.60%; HADS Anxiety: 61.59%. Caregivers of children younger vs. older than 12 reported more symptoms of depression and anxiety and mothers reported more symptoms than fathers. Symptoms of both depression and anxiety were more elevated in caregivers whose children recently received intravenous antibiotics or were listed for transplantation. Higher symptom scores were also associated with an increased number of hospitalizations and pulmonary exacerbations in the last year. Depressive symptoms were related to enteral feeding and patient's receipt of psychotherapy. Symptoms of anxiety were significantly associated with a recent diagnosis of CF-related diabetes. Conclusions: Despite the large percentages of caregivers endorsing these psychological symptoms, only 18% received treatment. To prevent elevations in depression and anxiety and their consequences for patients' disease management and health outcomes, annual screening should be performed, with appropriate referrals for parents with elevated risk factors or symptoms. ER  - 
Heart rate variability in euthymic patients with bipolar disorder; Objective: Affective disorders (major depressive disorder, bipolar disorder) are associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease, which, at least partly, appears to be independent of psychopharmacological treatments used to manage these disorders. Reduced heart rate variability (SDNN) has been shown to increase the risk of death after myocardial infarction. In addition heart rate variability has been shown to be reduced in unmedicated physically healthy major depressive disorder patients. Less is known about heart rate variability in patients with bipolar disorder. Therefore we set out to investigate heart rate variability in euthymic patients with bipolar disorder. In this context particular attention is given to the omega-3 index (red blood cell levels of eicosapentaenoic acid plus docosahexaenoic acid, expressed as a percent of total fatty acids) as this index has been shown to be inversely related to the risk of cardiovascular disease. Methods: We assessed heart rate variability (SDNN) in 90 euthymic patients with bipolar disorder (Bipolar-I, Bipolar-II) on stable psychotropic medication, free of significant medical comorbidity and in 62 healthy controls. Heart rate variability was measured from electrocardiography under a standardized 30 min resting state condition. Besides the omega-3 index, age, sex, BMI, smoking, alcohol consumption and caffeine consumption as potential confounders were assessed. Results: Heart rate variability (SDNN) was significantly lower in patients with bipolar patients compared to healthy controls (35.4 msec versus 60.7 msec; p < 0.0001), whereas the omega-3 index did ot differ significantly between the groups (5.2% versus 5.3%). In a linear regression model, only group membership (bipolar disorder versus healthy controls) and age significantly predicted heart rate variability (SDNN). Discussion: In this study heart rate variability (SDNN) was significantly lower in euthymic patients with bipolar disorder compared to healthy controls. Therefore heart rate variability may provide a useful tool to study the impact of interventions aimed at reducing the increased risk of cardiovascular disease in euthymic patients with bipolar disorder. ER  - 
Russian association on perinatal medicine session neonatal microbiology: Cutting edge; Background: The intestinal microbiota plays a role in metabolic, nutritional, physiological and immunological processes in children. Lack of normal microflora and presence of pathogenic microorganisms in the bowels can result in different gastroenteric diseases, allergy, depression of immunity. The development of culture-independent molecular techniques has provided new insights in the composition and diversity of the intestinal microbiota. Aim: To estimate quality and quantitative composition of gut microflora in new-born infants at age from 3 days to 1.5 months of life with culture-based and culture-independent molecular techniques. Patients and methods: We investigated 75 newborn infants at the age of 3 days to 1.5 months of life. We included neonates born vaginally at more than 36 weeks of gestation, all newborns from mothers who hadn't been treated with antibiotics, exclusive breastfeeding. Group-specific and strain-specific primers were created for detection of anaerobic microorganisms related to the groups of Bifidobacterium, Lactobacillus, Clostridium coccoides, Clostridium leptum, Atopobium, Prevotella which could be hardly identified with cultural methods. Results: Monitoring of gut microflora in neonates was conducted by classic and molecular-genetic methods. It was determined that the gut microbiocenosis of clinically healthy infants at the end of neonatal period was characterized with the high level of maintenance of anaerobic bacteria, 100% has Bifidobacterium, representatives of Bacteroides 55% dominant, Clostridium coccoide in 55%, Clostridium leptum in 30%, Atopobium rectifying in 25% children. The representatives of allochthonous bacteria were identified with high-frequency of Klebsiella (72.7%), Enterobacterium cloacae (17%), Staphylococcus aureus (45%), lecitinaze-positive Clostridium (22%) and yeasts Candida - in 12% of infants. Typical lactose-positive E.Coli and Enterococci were detected in all children. ER  - 
Neuropathic pain in Italy (neup-Italy): Prevalence and characteristics of neuropathic pain in traumatic brachial plexopathy; No epidemiological studies were dedicated to distinguish the different symptoms of neuropathic pain (NeuP) by using specifically designed pain questionnaires. NeuP-Italy is an epidemiological study on the prevalence and characteristics of NeuP in traumatic brachial plexopathies (TBP), diabetic neuropathy, multiple sclerosis and stroke. Here we report data on TBP. The aims of the study are: 1) to assess the prevalence and the characteristics of NeuP in TBP; and 2) to evaluate the quality of life (QoL) in TBP by using dedicated scales. We collected consecutive patients with TBP in five Italian centres (Torino, Roma, Udine, Piacenza, Verona) since October 2010. All patients underwent a detailed clinical examination, clinical questionnaires and neurophysiological tests (EMG) according to standardized diagnostic criteria for TBP. Chronic pain was defined as presence of pain in the last 30 days. The intensity of pain was assessed with the Numerical Rating Scale. In all patients with pain the DN4 questionnaire was performed; in patients with a DN4 score ≥4, NPSI, Beck Depression Inventory and Quality of Life scale (SF-36) were fulfilled. Other data collected were: age, gender, injury level and site, onset of pain (days from trauma), surgical treatment, and pain therapy. 107 patients (85 m, 22 f; 16-79 yrs, mean age 42.4±12.3) with clinical and neurophysiological diagnosis of TBP were enrolled. Painful neuropathies were 73%: NeuP prevalence was 56%. At the first visit 72/78 patients with chronic pain were in treatment: anticonvulsants (pregabalin, gabapentin, carbamazepine, oxcarbazepine), tricyclic antidepressants (amitriptyline), SNRI (duloxetine), opioids, other drugs (nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, steroids, L-acetylcarnitine, alpha-lipoic acid). Paroxysmal pain (pain feel like ''electric shocks'') and paresthesia/dysesthesia (pins and needles/tingling) had higher values at NPSI. TBP patients with chronic pain had worse SF-36 scores, with a strong correlation between QoL and NeuP. To define different types of pain may have a great impact in a new classification strategy for NeuP. In TBP, sensory profile assessment of NeuP could play an important role in successful pain management; therefore, the results of this study could be crucial to plan future clinical trials with the aim to evaluate the efficacy of NeuP pharmacological treatment in TBP. ER  - 
Complications of subthalamic nucleus deep brain stimulation: An Australian experience; Objective: To analyse complications from a single neurosurgeon/ neurologist STN DBS implanting team (286 patients/569 electrodes). Background: DBS was first performed in Australia in 1997. Since then over 1300 DBS procedures have been performed with high DBS rates per capita compared to world data. Complications of surgery are well documented in the literature. Here we present our experience. Methods: Retrospective analysis of clinical records on 250 consecutive STN DBS patients, with follow-up to 6 months, were reviewed. Complications were classified as related to surgery, hardware or ongoing stimulation/medical management, and separated by timing with respect to surgery - less than 6 weeks; and 6 weeks to 6 months. Efficacy of DBS was established on 2 retrospective audits. Results: There were no deaths. Major procedural complications were rare- one haemorrhagic venous infarct (0.4%) and one perioperative seizure (0.4%). Six DBS leads (1.2%) were repositioned due to suboptimal positioning and 6 leads required replacement due to lead fracture. One further lead was replaced due to a suspected manufacturing problem. With one exception, lead complications occurred in the first 30 patients treated. The most common problem in the postoperative phase related to mild neuropsychiatric disturbance which ranged from mood elevation to anxiety, depression and apathy. Symptoms settled spontaneously or with supportive management in the majority. Acute psychosis requiring psychiatric admission occurred in one patient (0.4%). Speech disturbance, usually mild and characterised by dysarthrophonia, was common. There were a total of six infective complications (2.4%), more than 50% occurring late after implantation. Average presentation was at 13.4 months post implantation (0.5-33 months). Infections were treated with wash out of the IPG pouch and long term antibiotics (1), total (2) or partial (3) system ex-plantation with reimplantation (5) at 3 months - all without re-infection. Conclusions: Mild complications following STN DBS are common. Whilst patients must accept a long term device infection risk, the major morbidity of the procedure is low in experienced centres. ER  - 
Evaluation of the cardiac effects of recombinant human activated protein c administered at different moments in experimental septic shock; Introduction: Several studies have shown the benefits of recombinant human activated protein C (APC) in countering sepsis-induced cardiac depression and organ injury. The clinical benefit of APC was associated with early administration of the drug and, experimentally, best results were obtained when APC was given upon induction of sepsis. The purpose of this study was to determine time-related effects of APC in countering sepsis-induced cardiac changes and in improvement of survival. Methods: Sepsis was induced in Wistar rats by cecal ligation and puncture (CLP) and APC was administered at 0, 6 or 12 hours post- CLP (groups ACP0, APC6 and APC12). Sham-operated animals (SHAM) and sepsis induced animals without APC administration were used as negative and positive control groups. All sepsis-induced animals were volume resuscitated and treated with antibiotics. Survival was evaluated for 48 hours. Further evaluation at 48 hours also included echocardiography, plasma cardiovascular profile (IL-6, tumor TNF-alpha, PAI-1, troponin I and BNP) and myocardial histopathology. Statistic analysis was performed by one-way ANOVA followed by Tukey's test or Kruskal-Wallis test when adequate. A P value < 0.05 was considered statistically significant. Results: APC did not improve survival. Groups ACP0 and APC12 presented higher mortality than SHAM. End-diastolic volume decreased in rats with CLP and without APC. BNP increased in groups APC0 and APC12. IL-6 levels were increased in CLP, APC0 and APC12 groups. PAI-1 levels were increased in all groups compared to SHAM rats. No alterations were observed in myocardial histopathology. Conclusion: Both early and delayed APC increased mortality in this model of septic shock. Moreover APC showed no benefits in myocardial function. ER  - 
Concomitant medication frequency and profiles in a real-life canadian cohort of RA patients treated with infliximab; Objectives The use of concomitant medications, related to rheumatoid arthritis (RA) or to other chronic conditions, is frequent in RA patients. The purpose of this analysis is to determine the frequency and profiles of concomitant medications used in a routine clinical practice setting and to assess the impact of infliximab (IFX) treatment. Methods The data for this analysis were obtained from BioTRAC, an observational prospective registry of adult RA patients initiated on treatment with Infliximab since 2002 and managed as per routine care. Patients enrolled were biologic-naïve or had initiated treatment with a biologic for a period of <6 months prior to enrolment. Analyses for RA-related medications was performed on the overall cohort (N=775). Since, non-RA related medications started being collected since 2007, a subgroup analysis was also performed in the 272 patients enrolled since then. Results In the overall cohort, mean (SD) age was 55.9 (13.5) years, mean (SD) disease duration 10.3 (10.0) years. At baseline, the prevalence of RA-related concomitant medications was 90.1%, 56.0%, 39.6% and 19.9% for DMARDs, NSAIDS, corticosteroids and narcotic analgesics, respectively. Patients with higher disease duration and disease activity (CDAI) at baseline were being treated with an increased number of RA medications (P<0.001) and DMARDs (P<0.001) at baseline. Treatment with IFX for 12 months reduced the mean number of RA medications between baseline and 12 months (P<0.001). In the sub-group analysis, the baseline characteristics did not differ between patients with or without comorbidity-associated medications. The prevalence of medications associated with comorbidities was 31%. The most common comorbidity-associated medication was for anxiety/depression (17.6%), hypertension (7.0%), gastric disorders (6.3%), dyslipidemia (5.5%), and bone disorders (5.5%). The presence of comorbidities had no impact on the DAS-28 response following IFX treatment or the utilization of RA medication. However, patients with comorbidities experienced a higher number of non-serious adverse events (NSAEs) compared to patients without comorbidities (320.7 vs. 146.3 NSAEs/100 patient years (PY), respectively). The incidence of serious AEs (SAEs) was comparable between the two groups (6.4 vs. 6.4 SAEs/100 PY in patients with vs. without comorbidities). Conclusions The results of this real-life observational study demonstrate that disease activity and duration seem to be associated with increased use of RA medications. Treatment with IFX slightly decreases the number of RA medications over time. NSAEs were reported by a greater number of patients with comorbidities compared to patients without comorbidities, however, the incidence of SAEs was comparable between the groups. ER  - 
Comparison of efficacy of four biological agents for rheumatoid arthritis patients using the HRQOL questionnaire and depression scale; Background Health-related quality of life (HRQoL) as a patient-reported outcome in rheumatoid arthritis (RA) has become an important tool in the clinical evaluation of patient preferences and perceptions of individual health. Objectives The objective of this study was to compare the validity of the HRQoL with respect to depression in RA patients treated with infliximab, etanercept, adalimumab or tocilizumab. Methods One hundred seven RA patients (infliximab, 47 pts; etanercept, 17 pts; adalimumab, 25 pts; tocilizumab, 18 ptts) were assessed prior to treatment and again at 30 weeks after initiation of therapy. The age, gender, and steroid dosage were obtained for each participant, and the HRQoL questionnaire (modified health assessment questionnaire (mHAQ) and Short Form (SF)-36) and depression scale (Japanese version of the structured interview guide for the Hamilton Depression rating scale (HAM-D) and the Self-rating Depression Scale (SDS)) were administered to patients. The primary endpoint was the assessment of clinical improvements, and the secondary endpoints were assessments of the changes in the HRQoL and depression scale. Results After 30 weeks of treatment, the DAS28 score of patients treated with tocilizumab was lower than the score of patients treated with adalimumab (p<0.05). There were no significant differences in the percentage of low disease activity and remission. Although no significant differences were found for the HAM-D and SDS scores, the changes in the scores of the mHAQ-role physical, body pain, vitality, social function, role emotion and mental health-as measured by the SF-36 differed significantly between the four groups. Specifically, etanercept treatment was associated with significant improvement as measured by HRQoL compared with adalimumab and tocilizumab therapy. However, there were no significant differences with respect to age, gender, steroid dosage, DAS28 (before treatment) and physical function and general health as measured by the SF-36. Conclusions In this study, etanercept treatment was associated with a significant improvement in many items of the HRQoL evaluation compared with other drugs, without taking into account the efficacy of drug. Although mental health as measured by the SF-36 was improved, the HAM-D and SDS scores did not differ between the four groups. (Table Presented). ER  - 
Factors leading to HAQ remission after beginning biologics treatment in patients with rheumatoid arthritis; Objectives We examined the factors that led to health assessment questionnaire (HAQ) remission after beginning biologics treatment in patients with rheumatoid arthritis (RA) Methods A total of 107 RA patients were assessed prior to treatment and 30 weeks after therapy initiation. The subjects were treated as follows: infliximab, 47 patients; etanercept, 17 patients; adalimumab, 25 patients; and tocilizumab, 18 patients. The age, gender, steroid dosage, methotrexate (MTX) dosage, disease activity (DAS28) score, health-related quality of life (HRQoL) questionnaire scores (modified health assessment questionnaire (mHAQ) and Short Form (SF)-36) and depression scale scores (Japanese version of the structured interview guide for the Hamilton Depression rating scale (HAM-D) and the Self-rating Depression Scale (SDS)) were assessed before initiating biologics treatment. HAQ remission was defined as a score less than 0.5 point after 30 weeks without evaluating clinical and structural remission. Results The HAQ remission group was characterized by younger age (57.8±14.8 vs. 66.8±13.2 years, p=0.005), lower steroid dosages (3.3±3.3 vs. 5.1±3.2 mg per day, p=0.011), higher MTX dosages (8.3±4.0 vs. 6.7±3.7 mg per week, p=0.028) and lower DAS28 scores (4.7±1.3 vs. 5.3±1.4) compared with the no-HAQ-remission group before treatment. In addition, the group had lower HAQ scores (0.32±0.36 vs. 1.1±0.36, p<0.001), higher SF-36 scores (all 8 categories, p<0.01), lower SDS scores (39.8±9.0 vs. 43.8±10.5 points, p=0.029) and lower HAM-D scores (5.1±3.5 vs. 7.8±4.9 point, p=0.005) before treatment and high drug efficacy (p=0.044) compared with the no-HAQ-remission group. In particular, younger age (less than 70 years old, odds ratio: 0.29), lower steroid dosages (less than 5 mg prednisolone per day, odds ratio: 2.87), lower HAQ scores (less than 0.5 point, odds ratio: 52.31) and lower HAM-D scores (less than 7 points, odds ratio: 3.00) were important factors for HAQ remission. However, there was no significant difference in gender between the 2 groups. Conclusions Younger age, lower steroid dosages, higher QOL scores and lower depression scores are the important factors for HAQ remission with RA patients who undergo biologics treatment. ER  - 
Anxiety and depression scores reduction after six-months of biology therapy; Background Depression and anxiety are common in patients with rheumatic diseases and are associated with diminished health status and increased health care utilization. Objectives To evaluate the effect of biologic therapy regarding anxiety and depression scores in patients followed in the Day-Hospital of Rheumatology Department after 6-months.To explore the correlation of these two Mental Health scores with demographic and clinical variables. Methods Consecutive biologic treated patients beginning biological therapy were included. The Portuguese validated version of Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS) was assessed using the self-questionnaire. Patients were characterized for demographic characteristics, functional capacity (HAQ), disease activity (DAS283vorBASDAI) and Pain and Disease Activity Visual Analogical scale at baseline, 3 months and 6 months. As primary outcome anxiety and depression reduction were evaluated with Wilcoxon Signed Ranks Test. For second outcome analyses Spearman Correlation Coefficient was performed. We considered p<.05 for statistically significant differences using SPSSÒ 17.0 version. Results Since January 2011 seventeen patients were included (12 females, mean age 48.23±14.2 years), diagnosed with rheumatoid arthritis (7), psoriatic arthritis (5), spondylitis anquilosant (3) and idiopatic juvenile arthritis (2), and medicated with etanercept (9),tocilizumab (3); infliximab (3) and adalimumab (2). From baseline to 6-months this patients improved on: Disease Activity Perception (n=17 = 67.2±14.0 to n=17 = 28.1±20.7) pain (n=17 = 61.1±11.2 to n=17 = 26.2±18.2), HAQ (n=12 = 1.5±0.4 to n=12 = 0.6±0.4), DAS28 3v (n=11 = 4.66±1.18 to n=11 = 2.60±0.88), BASDAI (n=5 = 6.77±1.26 to n=5 = 1.89±1.26). After 3-months we observed a statistically significant reduction on Anxiety (Z=-3.531, p=.000;14 patients decrease and 3 increase) and Depression (Z= -3.107, p=0.002;13 decrease and 4 increase). Similar but better results were observed at 6-months on Anxiety (Z= -3.287, p=0.001; 16 decrease and 1 increase)and Depression (Z= -2.542, p=.011; 14 decrease, 2 increase and 1 tie). The variation of Anxiety and Depression at 6 months does not have statistically significant correlation with any of other variables variation (p>0.05) witch not allowed us to perform a multiple linear regression analysis. Conclusions Biologic therapy conducted to a high reduction on Anxiety and Depression scores even after 3 months, with better results as 6-months. The non correlation with other variables variation leads us to conclude that probably this mental health conditions deserve a particular attention on clinical practice and further research. To face the limitations of this study we want to improve the sample and to evaluate Anxiety and Depression with other instruments (SF-36, psychiatric evaluation). ER  - 
Effect of body mass index on clinical response to anti-TNF therapy in rheumatoid arthritis; Background Rheumatoid Arthritis is the commonest inflammatory arthritis. Improved understanding of its pathogenesis has led to targeted therapies like TNF inhibitors. With more emphasis on personalised treatment of RA, a better understanding of factors that affect response to treatments is paramount. Obesity has important pharmacokinetic effects on drugs like TNF Inhibitors, while adipose tissue and adipocytokines play an important role in immunomodulation in Rheumatoid Arthritis.1 Objectives In this study, we aim to determine whether Body Mass Index affects the clinical response to anti-TNF drugs in RA patients, and whether there is a difference in clinical response to Infliximab versus other subcutaneously administered anti-TNF drugs in Obese RA patients. Methods In this retrospective study, we included 145 RA patients on different anti-TNF drugs. Baseline data on demographics, BMI, Rheumatoid Factor (RF), Anti-CCP antibodies (ACPA), DAS28 score, Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scores(HADS), and Health Assessment Questionnaire (HAQ) was collected. A DAS responder status allocated to those with a change in DAS score of 1.2 or above after 6 months of treatment. DAS response was studied for Infliximab group versus the other subcutaneous anti-TNF group. Pearson's chi-squared test and logistic regression analysis was used for statistical analysis and to build a prediction model of factors associated with response to anti-TNF drugs in RA. Results We found a poorer response to Infliximab at 6 months in clinically obese RA patients, compared to non-obese individuals in the same group (p value=0.036). However there was no statistical difference in the response rates in the two BMI groups in other anti-TNF group. Multivariate analysis showed that a higher baseline DAS28 score was associated with better DAS response at 6 months (OR= 3.53, p=0.001). Higher baseline Depression score was associated with a poorer response to anti-TNF drugs at 6 months (OR= 0.79, p value= 0.001). Conclusions Our study provides evidence that high BMI is associated with poorer response to Infliximab at 6 months in RA patients, which is consistent with other recently published data2,3. Higher baseline DAS28 score is associated with better response while high baseline depression score is associated poorer response to anti-TNF drugs at 6 months. The poorer response to Infliximab in clinically obese patients is still poorly understood but may be due to altered pharmacokinetics with increased clearance, greater production of human anti-chimeric antibodies and immunomodulatory role of adipose tissue. However, further studies are required to studythis in larger prospective cohorts with trough drug levels and antibody levels measured in non-responders. ER  - 
Infliximab for sight-threatening and refractory uveitis of behc¸et's syndrome; Background Uncontrolled studies, mainly of short duration suggest that infliximab, an anti TNF agent, is beneficial in controlling severe uveitis of BS (1). Objectives To evaluate the efficacy and safety of prolonged infliximab treatment in severe sight-threatening uveitis of BS. Methods The charts of 43 BS patients (33 men; age at the initiation of infliximab: 31±8.4 SD years) treated with infliximab (5 mg/kg) were reviewed retrospectively. All patients had severe, sight-threatening posterior uveitis of long-duration (82±50 SD months) refractory to previous treatments with multiple immunosuppressives (azathioprine=43, Cyclosporin A=42, Interferon alfa=38; duration of treatment: 62±43 SD months) and steroids. Efficacy was assessed by the change of visual acuity (LogMAR VA) and the decrease in the number of attacks under infliximab. Results The duration of infliximab treatment was 31±18 SD months (median 29 months). In 37 (86%) patients infliximab was combined with azathioprine (n= 26), azathioprine and cyclosporine A (n=10) or interferon alfa (n=1). Twenty-nine (67%) patients had no useful vision (LogMAR >1) in at least one eye at the time of initiation of infliximab. Five of them (17%) had gained useful vision of both eyes under infliximab. The mean VA (all patients) was maintained under infliximab (right eye: 0.83± 0.74 vs 0.84 ±0.79; left eye: 1.27±0.83 vs 1.13± 0.88). VA of the worse eye improved in 11 patients, remained stable in 24 and worsened in 8 patients. Eleven patients (26%) with no attacks during previous treatment were prescribed infliximab to protect the already compromised vision. The VA was stable or improved in 10 and 9 remained attack free. Of the 32 patients (74%) with attacks before infliximab, 11 (34%) became attack free under infliximab. The number of uveitis attacks per year (all patients) under previous immunosuppressive treatment dropped from 1.9 ±3 to 0.3 ±0.6 in the right eye (p=0.0001) and from 2.5± 2.9 to 0.3 ±0.6 in the left eye (p=0.0001). There was also a significant decrease in the numbers of patients with hypopyon (11 and 3; x2= 5.46, p=0.019), vascular infiltrations (23 and 12; x2= 5.83, p=0.016), macular edema (8 and 1; x2= 6.08, p=0.014), and retinal hemorrhages (7 and 0; x2= 7.62, p=0.006) under infliximab. Infliximab treatment was terminated in 16 patients (adverse events =5, inefficacy =1, terminal eye disease = 4, unrelated reasons = 6). Fifteen of these patients received further treatment (biologics = 3, azathioprine =12) for 22±13 SD months and 12 of them remained attack free during this period. The adverse events causing discontinuation were pulmonary tuberculosis in 3 (at 17. 32. and 46. month of infliximab treatment, respectively), depression in 1, pneumonia in1 patient. Conclusions Infliximab combined with immunosuppressives was useful in preserving visual acuity and in controlling the attacks in BS patients with refractory, sight-threatening uveitis at the long-term. Relapses were infrequent after discontinuation. Tuberculosis appears as a concern in prolonged treatment. ER  - 
Which AES of biological therapy led to discontinuation of treatment in an open monocentric long-term prospective study of 377 JIA patients; Objectives To report adverse events (AEs), which led to discontinuation of biologics, in a large cohort of patients with juvenile idiopathic arthritis (JIA) treated with biological therapy (BT). Methods All patients with JIA, non responder or intolerant to DMARDs, treated with BT at the pediatric Rheumatologic Centre of the G Pini Institute (Milan, Italy) from November 1999 to November 2012, were enrolled in an open, single-centre, long-term prospective study. All AEs were recorded on a unique registration form. Results 377 pts (208 etanercept, 89 infliximab, 55 adalimumab, 5 golimumab, 2 certolizumab, 9 abatacept, 7 anakinra, 2 rituximab) were enrolled. Median onset age was 5.8 yrs (mean 6.9, range 0.4-18.0). Median disease duration was 7.5 yrs (mean 9.2, range 0.2-41.4). Median period of follow-up was 5.5 yrs (mean 5.6, range 0-12.7). A total of 220 (58.4%) pts (110 etanercept, 77 infliximab, 25 adalimumab, 5 abatacept, 3 anakinra) failed to respond to or did not tolerate the first therapy and 149 (39.5%) switched to a second one. A total 750 courses of BT (634 anti-TNF, 57 anti-IL-1ra and 59 anti-cells treatments) were administered; 157 (20.9%) AEs occurred and the frequency was 0.09 AEs/patient/year. Infusion reactions led to discontinuation in 38 (24.2%) courses and were the most common AEs in our pts treated with infliximab. The most frequent AEs occurred in pts with JIA on etanercept were important behavioural alterations (depression, anxiety, aggressiveness). One case of hypoglossal paralysis and 2 suspected demielinating disease were reported. New onset of inflammatory bowel disease (9 etanercept and 1 adalimumab) and new onset or flare-up of chronic iridocyclitis (15 etanercept, 1 infliximab, 1 certolizumab) were also reported. Dermatological AEs occorred in 15 (9.6%) courses, most of them were recorded in adalimumab. 9 (6%) cases of injection site reaction were also described. Conclusions In our 13-year, study BT were well tolerated and safe; most of AEs reported were reversible by discontinuation of therapy. In case of active disease it was necessary to switch to another biological agent. Children and young adults affected by JIA should be carefully monitored so as to limit the risk of AEs during BT as much as possible. ER  - 
European chart review study on early rheumatoid arthritis (RA): Patient profile and biologic treatment patterns; Background The availability of new biologic treatments that directly target components of the RA inflammatory cascade had transformed management of this disease over the last 10 years. While these agents have been shown to improve laboratory and clinical measures of disease activity, they are also significantly more expensive than oral disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drugs (DMARDs) and are thus typically reserved for patients with severe disease or who have failed DMARD therapy. Objectives To describe biologic treatment patterns for RA, including patient and clinical characteristics at the initiation of therapy and drug selection, in Germany (GE), Spain (SP), and the United Kingdom (UK). Methods This retrospective, observational medical chart review study captured patient data via 118 rheumatologists across the three study countries. Patients ≥18 years, with a confirmed diagnosis of RA between January 2008 and December 2010, who received a biologic therapy for at least three months and had at least 12 months of follow-up were included. Data collected for analysis of prescribing patterns included patient characteristics (age, gender, employment status, comorbid conditions), disease information (date of diagnosis, Disease Activity Score [DAS]), and drug therapy received (drug, dose and frequency, dates of initiation and discontinuation). Early treatment was defined as initiation of a biologic agent within one year of RA diagnosis. Compliance with reimbursement guidelines for each country (DAS >5.2 [UK] or >3.2 [SP] at initiation of biologic therapy; no national threshold for GE) was also assessed. Results A total of 328 patients were enrolled in the study across GE (n=111), SP (n=106), and UK (n=111). The mean age was 48 years, and 70% of patients were female. Only 44% of patients were employed on a full-time basis. Approximately half of the study patients had at least one comorbid condition, with the most common being depression (13%), osteoarthritis (13%), and osteoporosis (12%). Over half of patients (58%) received early biologic treatment, and frequency did not differ significantly by country (GE - 55%, SP - 64%, UK - 56%). In 19.4% of patients with complete treatment information from diagnosis (N=299), biologic therapy was not preceded by DMARDs, corticosteroids, or prescription NSAIDs; first-line biologics were prescribed more frequently in SP (26%) and GE (20%) compared to UK (7%; p=0.001). The most commonly prescribed initial biologics were adalimumab (40.6%), etanercept (37.8%), and infliximab (7.0%). Mean DAS-28 at the time of initiation of biologic therapy was 5.5, 4.7, and 5.2 in UK, SP, and GE, respectively; this score was above the minimum required for reimbursement in 78% of patients in UK and 87% in SP. Conclusions This study of real-world treatment patterns found that over half of patients with RA in GE, SP, and UK are treated with biologic therapy within one year of diagnosis. Biologics are used as initial treatment more frequently in SP and GE than in UK. Etanercept and adalimumab comprise nearly 80% of biologic use across all countries. In countries with explicit guidelines for initiation of biologic therapy by DAS, these guidelines were generally followed. ER  - 
What is the real world relationship between patient-reported pain or patient global assessment and disease activity indices in rheumatoid arthritis? An analysis from the prospective, observational registry, biotrac; Background Patient-reported outcomes such as pain and patient global assessment of disease activity (PtGA) have been critiqued for not accurately assessing RA disease activity as they may reflect aspects not directly related (e.g. fibromyalgia, low back pain, depression) or related to non-RA conditions. Objectives To describe the relationship between patient-reported pain and RA disease activity levels in a real-world, routine clinical care setting; To assess the occurrence of non-remission driven solely by pain using PtGA as a proxy for pain. Methods BioTRAC is an ongoing, Canadian prospective registry of rheumatology patients initiating infliximab (IFX) or golimumab. Data from RA patients treated with IFX between Jan 2002 and Jun 2011 were used. Correlation of pain (VAS mm) with DAS28-ESR, CDAI and SDAI in a continuous or binary (low disease activity: yes vs no; remission: yes vs no) scale was assessed with linear regression and logistic regression, respectively. For assessment of non-remission due to PtGA, DAS28-ESR, CDAI, and SDAI, remission rates were compared to “non-PtGA” remission rates, calculated by subtracting the relative contribution of PtGA to the index. Results Analyses included 838 RA patients with 4,582 assessments. A significant (P<0.001) positive linear relationship was found between pain and DAS28-ESR (standardized coefficient (β) = 0.662), CDAI (β = 0.660), and SDAI (β = 0.659). Increased pain was associated with reduced odds of achieving remission or low disease activity as defined by DAS28-ESR, CDAI, and SDAI (Table 1). Correlation analysis showed a strong positive linear correlation existed between pain and PtGA (r = 0.914), supporting the use of PtGA as a proxy for pain. Cross-tabulation of remission achievement with “non-PtGA” remission achievement revealed that omission of PtGA from the DAS28-ESR, CDAI, and SDAI indices would result in the re-classification of an additional 2.0%, 9.3%, and 9.6% of the cases as remission. Conclusions Increased pain is associated with higher disease activity as measured by the DAS28-ESR, CDAI and SDAI, which may be due to the strong correlation of pain with PtGA. Omission of PtGA from these indices resulted in classification of additional cases as remission cases to an extent that paralleled the strictness of the remission criteria (i.e., from the less “strict” DAS28-ESR to the more “strict” SDAI). Therefore, the CDAI and SDAI might be more sensitive to pain not directly related to RA. (Figure Presented). ER  - 
Switching biologic agents in patients with rheumatoid arthritis: An observational study of 159 patients evaluating efficacy, ADL, QOL, and depression; Objectives The objective of this study was to analyze the efficacy of biologic agents and their effects on the activities of daily living (ADL), health-related quality of life (HRQoL), and depression in patients who have switched between biologic agents for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis (RA). Methods A total of 108 RA patients were assessed prior to treatment and 30 weeks after initiating the first biologic therapy (Group 1). Infliximab, etanercept, adalimumab, tocilizumab, abatacept, and golimumab were used as biologic therapies, and the choice of treatment was at the physicians' discretion. Age, gender, and steroid dosage were recorded for each participant, and the disease activity score (DAS) 28/ESR4, the ADL (modified Health Assessment Questionnaire; mHAQ), the HRQoL questionnaire (Short Form (SF)-36), and the depression scale (The Hamilton Depression rating scale (HAM-D)) were administered to the patients. Thirty-five patients were assessed following the initiation of a second biologic therapy (Group 2), and 16 patients were assessed following a third therapy (Group 3), each using similar assessments. The primary endpoint was the assessment of clinical improvement, and the secondary endpoints were the assessments of changes in the ADL, HRQoL, and depression scales. Results After 30 weeks of administration, the DAS28 scores changed from 4.7 ± 1.4 to 2.9 ± 1.3 (p<0.001, Group 1), from 4.8 ± 1.1 to 2.9 ± 1.2 (p<0.001, Group 2), and from 4.3 ± 1.5 to 2.3 ± 1.1 (p<0.001, Group 3), respectively. The mHAQ scores changed from 0.49 ± 0.51 to 0.31 ± 0.44 (p<0.001), from 0.49 ± 0.43 to 0.32 ± 0.40 (p=0.0087), and from 0.48 ± 0.54 to 0.32 ± 0.47 (p=0.051) in Groups 1, 2, and 3, respectively. The HAM-D scores changed from 5.8 ± 4.9 to 4.2 ± 4.4 (p=0.0023), from 7.4 ± 5.2 to 3.2 ± 2.9 (p=0.003), and from 8.5 ± 7.2 to 3.6 ± 3.2 (p=0.0013), respectively. All of the SF-36 categories showed significant improvements (p<0.001) in Group 1. Although emotional role functioning did not improve in Group 2 (p=0.28), all other SF-36 categories improved in Group 2. None of the SF-36 categories showed significant improvement (p<0.001) in Group 3. The age, gender, and steroid dosage were not significantly different between Groups 1, 2, and 3. Conclusions In this study, the first and second biologic agent treatments had high efficacy and improved the ADL, HRQoL, and depression scores in RA patients. Although the third biologic treatment showed significant improvements in efficacy and depression, no significant improvements of the ADL or HRQoL were observed. Because more time was required for the third biologic therapy to show efficacy, the ADL and HRQoL decreased. ER  - 
Correlation of CX3CL1 levels with ADL, HRQOL and depression to biologic agent therapy in patients with rheumatoid arthritis; Background The serum levels of the soluble fractalkine (CX3CL1) play crucial roles in the pathogenesis of rheumatoid arthritis (RA) and neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematous. The relationship of CX3CL1 and the activities of daily living (ADL), health-related quality of life (HRQoL) and depression in RA patients were not clear. Objectives The objective of this study was to analyze the correlation of the serum levels of CX3CL1 with the ADL, HRQoL, and depression in patients with RA. Methods A total of 161 RA patients were assessed prior to treatment and 30 weeks after initiating the biologic therapy. Infliximab, etanercept, adalimumab, tocilizumab, abatacept, and golimumab were used as the biologic therapies, and the choice of treatment was at the physicians' discretion. Age, gender, and steroid dosage were recorded for each participant, and the disease activity score (DAS) 28/ESR4, the ADL (modified Health Assessment Questionnaire; mHAQ), the HRQoL questionnaire (Short Form [SF]-36), the depression scale (The Self-rating Depression scale [SDS]) and serum levels of CX3CL1 were evaluated in the patients. The serum level of CX3CL1 was quantified using a commercial ELISA kit according to the manufacturer's instructions. Results Patients with lower (<1000 pg/ml, Group 1) and higher titer (>1000, Group 2) basal CX3CL1 levels were compared. The DAS28 score (4.3 ± 1.4, mean ± SD) in Group 1 was lower than that in Group 2 (4.9 ± 1.8) (p<0.05), and the mHAQ score (0.37 ± 0.43) in Group 1 was lower than that in Group 2 (0.54 ± 0.50) (p<0.05) at baseline. After 30 weeks of treatment, the mHAQ score was lower in Group 1 (0.14 ± 0.26) than in Group 2 (0.38 ± 0.47) (p<0.005), and the SDS score was lower in Group 1 (35.9 ± 9.1) than in Group 2 (40.3 ± 11.0) (p<0.05). The SDS score at baseline and the DAS28 score were not significantly improved. Although there was a direct correlation between the mHAQ and CX3CL1 (p<0.05) at baseline, no significant improvements in the DAS28 and SDS scores were observed. In addition, the age, gender, and steroid dosage were not significantly different between Groups 1 and 2. Conclusions In this study, a higher titer of CX3CL1 serum levels led to the aggravation of not only the disease activity and ADL at baseline but also the ADL and depression after the biologics treatment. The serum levels of CX3CL1 may be more closely related to ADL in RA patients. ER  - 
A multidisciplinary approach for the management of a high-risk, opioid dependent chronic orofacial pain patient using high dose opioid therapy. A case report; Objectives: The objective of this abstract is to describe the case of a 21 year old female who visited our pain center witha chief complaint of daily facial pain and headaches. Background: Despite all improvements in our knowledge and understanding of the pathophysiology of chronic facial pain, there are still many questions that have not been answered adequately regarding the optimal treatment that should be applied in chronic pain patients. Methods: When the patient presented to our clinic she was treated for chronic daily headaches and migraines primarily with pharmacologic means. She also had a diagnosis of fibromylagia accompanied by psychiatric comorbidities.The treatment regimen at the time of the initial evaluation included Oxycodone / Acetaminophen (10/325, q 6 hrs, I I/2 years), Cyclobenzaprine (10 mg, q 8 hrs, intermittently for 3 years), Celecoxib (200 mg bid, 6 months to one year), Diazepam (10 qd, 4 years), Escitalopram (10 mg qd, 4 years) and Acetaminophen/Aspirin/Caffeine (3-4 a day, I I/2 years). Sumatriptan, Sertraline hydrochloride and Bupropion had also been tried, but had all failed to provide any degree of relief. Non-pharmacologic interventions included chiropractic treatment and massage therapy, again without any therapeutical effect. Results: After the patient's first visit, the initial diagnostic impression was myofascial pain disorder, and possible medication overuse headache. Secondarily, she had a psychiatric diagnosis of major depression and substance use disorder.According to the classification of the American Academy of Orofacial Pain, the patient met criteria for centrally mediated myalgia, which is a possible result of a prolonged nociceptive input into the CNS. In addition, she met criteria for probable medication-overuse headache according to the classification of the International Headache Society (IHS), as well as DSM IV TR criteria for a major depression disorder and substance use disorder. Her affective symptoms had been continuously present for months and included depressed mood, anhedonia, restless sleep, fatigue, feelings of guilt, thoughts of suicide, and difficulty in functioning due to impaired concentration.It was concluded that management of her possible substance uses issues and medication regimen were priorities. She was referred to an inpatient detoxification unit with an admission, and then followed with additional treatment recommendations. Conclusions: This case report emphasizes the fact that long term treatment with high dose opioids could in many cases have an adverse effect on treatment and complicate the patient's clinical diagnosis. Prior to deciding on treatment modalities, the clinician should first appreciate the effect of the opioids on the overall symptomatology and make conclusions accordingly. ER  - 
What proportion of patients with rheumatoid arthritis fail to achieve remission based on the patient global? An analysis from the prospective, observational registry, biotrac; Objective: According to the latest ACR/EULAR guidelines, Boolean remission in rheumatoid arthritis (RA) is defined as achievement of patient global assessment (PtGA) ≤1, 28-swollen joint count (SJC) ≤1, 28-tender joint count (TJC) ≤1, and C-reactive protein (CRP) ≤1 mg/dL. Recently, PtGA has been criticized for not accurately assessing RA disease activity, as it may reflect aspects not directly related to RA disease activity such as fibromyalgia, low back pain, depression, or other conditions. The aim of this analysis was to assess the proportion of patients failing to achieve remission based on PtGA in a real-world, routine clinical care setting in Canada. Methods: BioTRAC is an ongoing, prospective registry of patients initiating treatment for RA, ankylosing spondylitis, or psoriatic arthritis with infliximab or golimumab as first biologics or after having been treated with a biologic for less than six months. In this analysis, data from RA patients who were treated with infliximab between January 2002 and June 2011 were used. Correlation of PtGA with other clinical outcome measures was assessed with general linear models. Results: Eight hundred and thirty-eight RA patients who had 4,582 assessments were included in the analysis. Mean (SD) age was 55.6 (13.5) years and mean (SD) duration since diagnosis was 10.5 (19.8) years. A total of 2,015 instances of non-remission were identified, of which 620 (30.8%) were near-remission cases. Near-remission is defined as attainment of three of the four Boolean criteria (CRP, SJC, TJC and PtGA). Among these, PtGA was the most common reason of non-remission (54.0%), followed by 28-tender joint count (TJC28; 27.7%), C-reactive protein (CRP; 10.0%), and 28-swollen joint count (SJC28; 8.2%). General linear models using PtGA as the dependent variable showed a statistically significant (P< 0.001) positive association with HAQ-DI [mean (95%CI) estimate = 2.57 (2.47, 2.67), TJC28 0.21 (0.20, 0.22), SJC28 0.24 (0.23, 0.26)], physician global assessment [0.67 (0.64, 0.70)], and pain [0.940 (0.93, 0.95)]. Conclusion: The results of this analysis have shown that PtGA is the most common limiting factor in achieving Boolean ACR/EULAR remission, accounting for as many as 54% of the near-remission cases. However, a positive association was observed between PtGA and clinical outcomes, functional activity, and pain. Further analyses are required to identify the determinants of patient global assessment. ER  - 
Antinociceptive, neurobehavioral and antioxidant effects of Eupatorium triplinerve Vahl on rats; Ethnopharmacological relevance Eupatorium triplinerve Vahl belongs to the Asteraceae family, popularly known as Japana. It is a perennial shrub native to Amazon rainforests of South America. Its leaves are used through infusions, decoctions, baths, and tea. It is largely used in Brazilian folk medicine as sedative, febrifuge, stimulant, tonic and anti-inflammatory. Aim of the study The present study evaluated the putative effects of Eupatorium triplinerve on the central nervous system (CNS), including locomotor and anxiety activity, depression-like behavior, and antinociception and oxidative stress. Materials and methods Two-month-old male Wistar rats (n=7-10 rats/group) and Swiss male and female mice of the species Mus musculus (n=7-10 per group) were administered with 100 mg/kg, 200 mg/kg, 400 mg/kg, 600 mg/kg, and 800 mg/kg of hydroalcoholic extracts of Eupatorium triplinerve (HEET). The behavioral assays included open-field (OF), elevated Plus-maze (EPM), and forced swimming tests (FS). The antinociceptive activity was verified using chemical (acetic acid and formalin) and thermal (hot plate) models of nociception. The oxidative stress levels were measured in rat blood samples after behavioral assays and Trolox equivalent antioxidant capacity (TEAC), nitric oxide and malondialdehyde (MDA) levels were measured in vivo. Results Oral pretreatment with HEET reduced the locomotion in OF test (200-800 mg/kg), increased central locomotion and open arms entries in the OF and EPM tests, respectively (600-800 mg/kg), and decreased the immobility time in the FS (200-800 mg/kg). It also reduced the writhing number evoked by acetic acid injection (200-800 mg/kg) and licking time in the first phase of the formalin test (400-800 mg/kg). In the oxidative stress assays, the extract decreased TEAC, Nitric Oxide and MDA levels in response to swimming stress induced in rats. Conclusions These results were indicative for the first time that Eupatorium triplinerve exerted mild sedative, anxiolytic and antidepressive effects on the CNS. Antinociceptive effects not related to opioid system and antioxidant activity were also observed. These results support the ethnopharmacological use of Eupatorium triplinerve in popular medicine. © 2013 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Mood disorders and complementary and alternative medicine: A literature review; Mood disorders are a major public health problem and are associated with considerable burden of disease, suicides, physical comorbidities, high economic costs, and poor quality of life. Approximately 30%-40% of patients with major depression have only a partial response to available pharmacological and psychotherapeutic interventions. Complementary and alternative medicine (CAM) has been used either alone or in combination with conventional therapies in patients with mood disorders. This review of the literature examines evidencebased data on the use of CAM in mood disorders. A search of the PubMed, Medline, Google Scholar, and Quertile databases using keywords was conducted, and relevant articles published in the English language in the peer-reviewed journals over the past two decades were retrieved. Evidence-based data suggest that light therapy, St John's wort, Rhodiola rosea, omega-3 fatty acids, yoga, acupuncture, mindfulness therapies, exercise, sleep deprivation, and S-adenosylmethionine are effective in the treatment of mood disorders. Clinical trials of vitamin B complex, vitamin D, and methylfolate found that, while these were useful in physical illness, results were equivocal in patients with mood disorders. Studies support the adjunctive role of omega-3 fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid, and docosahexaenoic acid in unipolar and bipolar depression, although manic symptoms are not affected and higher doses are required in patients with resistant bipolar depression and rapid cycling. Omega-3 fatty acids are useful in pregnant women with major depression, and have no adverse effects on the fetus. Choline, inositol, 5-hydroxy-L-tryptophan, and N-acetylcysteine are effective adjuncts in bipolar patients. Dehydroepiandrosterone is effective both in bipolar depression and depression in the setting of comorbid physical disease, although doses should be titrated to avoid adverse effects. Ayurvedic and homeopathic therapies have the potential to improve symptoms of depression, although larger controlled trials are needed. Mind-body-spirit and integrative medicine approaches can be used effectively in mild to moderate depression and in treatment-resistant depression. Currently, although CAM therapies are not the primary treatment of mood disorders, level 1 evidence could emerge in the future showing that such treatments are effective. © 2013 Qureshi and Al-Bedah, publisher and licensee Dove Medical Press Ltd. ER  - 
In depression, bacterial translocation may drive inflammatory responses, oxidative and nitrosative stress (O&NS), and autoimmune responses directed against O&NS-damaged neoepitopes; Objective: Depression is accompanied by activation of immuno-inflammatory and oxidative and nitrosative stress (IO&NS) pathways, and increased IgM/IgA responses to lipopolysaccharide (LPS) of gram-negative commensal bacteria. The latter suggests that bacterial translocation has caused IgM/IgA responses directed against LPS. Bacterial translocation may drive IO&NS responses. Method: To examine the associations between IgM/IgA responses to LPS and IO&NS measurements, including plasma/serum interleukin-1 (IL-1), tumor necrosis factor (TNF)α, neopterin, lysozyme, oxidized LDL (oxLDL) antibodies, peroxides, and IgM (auto)immune responses against malondialdehyde (MDA), azelaic acid, phophatidyl inositol (Pi), NO-tryptophan and NO-tyrosine in depressed patients and controls. Results: We found significant positive associations between IgM/IgA responses to LPS and oxLDL antibodies, IgM responses against MDA, azelaic acid, Pi, NO-tryptophan, and NO-tyrosine. The IgA responses to LPS were correlated with lysozyme. There were no significant positive correlations between the IgM/IgA responses to LPS and IL-1 and neopterin. Conclusion: The findings show that in depression there is an association between increased bacterial translocation and lysozyme production, an antibacterial compound, O&NS processes, and autoimmune responses directed against O&NS generated neoantigenic determinants. It is suggested that bacterial translocation may drive IO&NS pathways in depression and thus play a role in its pathophysiology. © 2012 John Wiley & Sons A/S. ER  - 
Involvement of GABAergic system in regulation of the anxiolytic-and antidepressant-like effects of Scrophularia striata extract in rats; Context: Neuropsychiatric disorders, like anxiety and depression, are global problems for clinical researchers in neurology. Recently, some authors have shown neuroprotective and anti-inflammatory effects of Scrophularia striata Boiss (Scrophulariaceae) extract in rodents. Objective: The purpose of the current study was to investigate the effects of S. striata extract on anxiety and depressant-like behaviors and find a possible mechanism for these impacts. Materials and methods: In this study, the elevated plus-maze (EPM) and forced swimming test (FST), which are useful models for selective identification of anxiolytic and antidepressant drug effects in rodents, were used. We investigated the effects of S. striata ethanol extract at different doses (20, 50, 100, 160 and 220mg/kg) on anxiety and depression behaviors in the EPM and FST, and then we assessed the role of γ-aminobutyric acid (GABA)A receptor in modulation of the effects of S. striata extract in the brain. Results: Our results showed that effective doses of S. striata (100 and 160mg/kg) increased the percentages of open arm time and entries in the EPM and decreased immobility time in the FST in comparison with control group, indicating anxiolytic and antidepressant effects, respectively. Moreover, intracerebroventricular administration of GABAA receptor agonist (muscimol; 1μg/rat) enhanced the impact of S. striata, and GABAA receptor antagonist (bicuculline; 1μg/rat) blocked these effects in rats, indicating that significant interactions existed between S. striata and the GABAergic system in the brain. Discussion and conclusion: Findings of this study suggest that anxiolytic and antidepressant effects of S. striata may be modulated via the GABAergic system. © 2013 Informa Healthcare USA, Inc. ER  - 
Hyperhomocysteinemia: An overview; Homocysteine (HCY) is a naturally occurring sulfur-containing amino acid. People with hyperhomocysteinemia (an elevation of HCY level in the blood) may get blood clots in either the veins (e.g. deep vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolism) or arteries (e.g. stroke and heart attack). This review covers the risks associated with elevated homocysteine levels, screening for hyperhomocysteinemia, and the evidence in favour or against in evaluating the use of vitamin supplements that lower homocysteine levels. Currently, hyperhomocysteinemia is a well-known risk factor for variety of vascular diseases and neurodegenerative disorders namely dementia, depression, peripheral vascular diseases, erectile dysfunction, malignant diseases, pregnancy complications and osteoporosis. Common causes of hyperhomocysteinemia include kidney disease, lack of B vitamins (such as folate, vitamin B12, and vitamin B6) in the diet, hypothyroidism, alcoholism, certain medications as well as genetic defects. These diseases are associated with arterial, venous thrombosis and atherosclerosis. Treatment may consist of giving supplements of folic acid, vitamin B12, and/or vitamin B6. It also may include anticoagulant medications (blood thinners), such as aspirin, clopidogrel, heparin, low-molecular weight heparin, or warfarin, to prevent blood clots. But these vitamins supplementation do not reduce the risk/susceptibility of atherosclerosis in severe and hereditary hyperhomocysteinemia. Further, combination of vitamins B6, B12 and folic acid with other vitamins should be explored to decrease elevated HCY levels in blood. Experts are of the opinion that HCY measurement may be helpful for identifying subjects at greater risk of disease but lowering homocysteine levels has not been consistently shown to prevent heart attacks and strokes. © Pharmacie Globale. ER  - 
Chronic administration of infliximab (TNF-α inhibitor) decreases depression and anxiety-like behaviour in rat model of chronic mild stress; Pro-inflammatory cytokines have been proposed to be associated with the pathogenesis of depression. Consistent with this notion, several clinical observations have suggested the antidepressant efficacy of TNF-α inhibitors in patients with chronic inflammatory diseases. In this study, we evaluated the antidepressant and anxiolytic effects of chronic TNF-α inhibitor (infliximab, 5 mg/kg, i.p., weekly) administration in the chronic mild stress (CMS) model of depression. Rats were divided into three groups: saline-control (no stress), saline-CMS, and infliximab-CMS. Rats in the latter two groups were exposed to CMS for 8 weeks. Saline (former two groups) or infliximab was injected weekly during this period. After CMS, total locomotor activity, anxiety-like behaviour and depression-like behaviours were evaluated using automated locomotor activity cage, elevated plus maze (EPM), and sucrose preference (SPT) and forced swimming (FS) tests, respectively. As expected, the saline-CMS group exhibited higher depression-like behaviours in FS and SPT tests compared with the saline-control group. There were no differences between these two groups in terms of the anxiety-like behaviour or total locomotor activity. Infliximab reduced the depression-like behaviour of CMS rats compared with saline-CMS group, and anxiety-like behaviour of CMS rats compared with saline-CMS and saline-control groups. Our findings suggest that chronic and systemic TNF-α inhibition reduced depression and anxiety-like behaviour in the CMS model of depression in rats. © 2012 Nordic Pharmacological Society. ER  - 
Ketamine and midazolam for procedural sedation prevents respiratory depression in lifethreatening aspirin toxicity; Objective: The ability of aspirin to cross the blood brain barrier (BBB ) is partially dependent on serum pH. Since aspirin is a weak acid, an acidemic environment favors its non-ionized form that more readily crosses the BBB and exerts its toxic neurologic effects. In severely poisoned patients, agitation is a challenge as procedural sedation is frequently necessary to safely secure venous access for hemodialysis. Unfortunately, sedative use often causes respiratory acidosis from hypoventilation. We present a case of severe aspirin toxicity in which ketamine and midazolam were used for sedation to safely place a dialysis catheter for definitive treatment. Case report: A 16 year-old girl was transferred to our institution after an intentional aspirin ingestion. At the first hospital, her initial serum concentration was 104 mg/dL; her pH was 7.5 and PCO2 was 23 mmHg. A sodium bicarbonate infusion was started, but activated charcoal was not given due to altered mental status. She was transferred 9 hours after the ingestion for hemodialysis. Her vital signs were: BP, 145/59 mmHg; pulse, 153/min; respirations, 24/min, temperature, 36.2°C; and oxygen saturation, 100%. Physical examination revealed an agitated girl. She was tachycardic, tachypneic, and hyperpneic. Her lungs were clear, and her examination was otherwise normal. Procedural sedation for dialysis catheter placement utilized intravenous ketamine (50 mg) with intravenous midazolam (2 mg). Prior to sedation, the patient received an intravenous bolus of sodium bicarbonate (1 mEq/kg). A venous blood gas drawn during insertion of the catheter showed: pH, 7.61; PCO2, 24 mmHg; and PO2, 90 mmHg. Her sodium bicarbonate infusion was titrated to a serum pH of 7.5; she received a dexmedetomidine infusion until completion of dialysis. Her mental status and vital signs normalized, and her post-dialysis salicylate concentrations were followed until undetectable. Discussion: Because most sedative agents cause hypoventilation, a combination of intravenous ketamine and midazolam was chosen due to its anticipated ability to better preserve respiratory drive. With a pre-sedation intravenous bolus of sodium bicarbonate, this sedative combination allowed the patient to maintain her ventilatory drive. Conclusion: Ketamine and midazolam may be a safe option for sedation in patients with salicylate toxicity as demonstrated in this patient's preserved alkalemia during procedural sedation. ER  - 
Risk factors associated with uncomplicated peptic ulcer disease in the UK general population; Introduction. Data on risk factors for the development of uncomplicated peptic ulcer disease (uPUD) are currently limited. We have therefore conducted a retrospective, observational study of potential risk factors in the UK general population. Methods. Data were collected from The Health Improvement Network, a large UK primary care database. Analysed patients were aged 40-84 years between January 1997 and December 2005, and had no history of PUD. Patients were followed up until they received a first diagnosis of uPUD or met an exclusion criterion (including developing complicated PUD), or until the end of the study period. A control group of 10 000 individuals was identified, frequency-matched to patients with uPUD by age, sex and year of index date. For nested case-control analysis, adjusted unconditional logistic regression models were used. Results. The overall incidence of uPUD (n=3923) was 0.75 per 1000 person-years, was higher in men than in women (p ,0.001), and increased with patients' age (p,0.001). Other factors positively associated with the disease were smoking (odds ratio [OR]: 1.90; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.72-2.10), gastrointestinal (GI) symptoms (OR: 1.88; 95% CI: 1.72-2.04), current use of dual antiplatelet therapy (DAT, combined ASA and clopidogrel; OR: 2.62; 95%CI: 1.12-6.11), non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs; OR: 1.70; 95%CI: 1.49-1.94), acetylsalicylic acid (ASA; OR: 1.54; 95% CI: 1.37-1.74), selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs; OR: 1.37, 95%CI: 1.09-1.72) or tricyclic antidepressants (OR: 1.29; 95% CI: 1.05-1.57), long-term use of oral corticosteroids (> 3 years; OR: 1.92; 95%CI: 1.04-3.53), stress (OR: 1.23; 95% CI: 1.03-1.47), depression (OR: 1.23; 95% CI: 1.11-1.36), and frequent visits to the primary care practitioner (OR: 1.48; 95% CI: 1.31-1.67 for 6 or more visits) or specialist referrals (OR: 1.34; 95% CI: 1.16-1.56 for 3 or more referrals). The effect of Helicobacter pylori infection status could not be analyzed, because data regarding this were not available for patients in the control group or for 57% of patients with uPUD. The current use of proton pump inhibitors (PPIs) was positively associated with uPUD development relative to nonuse (OR: 2.05; 95% CI: 1.77-2.36), probably as a result of the use of these drugs to treat PUD symptoms. Relative to past use (ending 31-365 days before the index date), however, current use had a protective effect (OR: 0.66; 95% CI: 0.54-0.81). Conclusions. In the UK general population, the development of uPUD is associated with sex, age, smoking, GI symptoms, use of DAT, NSAIDs, ASA, SSRIs or tricyclic antidepressants, long-term use of oral corticosteroids, stress, depression and frequent use of healthcare services. Current use of PPIs protected against uPUD development relative to past use. ER  - 
Healthy volunteers with the pain protective GTP cyclohydrolase-1 haplotype who sensitise to oesophageal acidification possess significantly higher pain thresholds; Introduction: GTP Cyclohydrolase-1 (GCH-1) is an enzyme responsible for the de novo synthesis of tetra borohydrate (BH4), a cofactor in monoamine and nitric oxide synthesis. Genetic studies have identified the presence of a pain protective GCH-1 haplotype which is associated with reduced BH4 production and lower pain scores in chronic pain patients or healthy volunteers following algogenic stimuli. The aim of this study was to examine influence of GCH-1 haplotype in healthy volunteers characterised by changes in their sensitivity to electrical stimulation of the proximal oesophagus following infusion of the distil oesophagus with acid. Method: The oesophagus of healthy volunteers (n=38) was intubated with a purpose built catheter to facilitate the irrigation of the distil oesophagus with acid (0.15M) and electrical stimulation of the proximal oesophagus. Additionally hospital based anxiety and depression questionnaires were completed prior to intubation. The pain threshold to moderate electrical stimulation (7 on a 0-10 VAS) was determined before and after oesophageal acidification. Blood samples were taken and DNA was extracted from volunteers characterised as sensitisers (>6mA) or non sensitisers (<2mA) based on the change in post acid pain thresholds. Samples were screened for the pain protective GCH- 1 haplotype (Lotsch et al. 2007 Clin Chem 53(6): 1010-15) and the prevalence, pain threshold and depression/anxiety scores of volunteers were compared according to haplotype and pain phenotype. Data is expressed as mean ± sem and statistically analysed using one way ANOVA or Student's t-test as appropriate. Results: The prevalence of the pain protective haplotype (X) was O/O 66%, O/X 32%, X/X 3% overall. This prevalence was not significantly different between sensitisers vs non-sensitisers. Comparison of the pre-acid pain threshold between volunteers who possessed the pain protective allele (X) or did not (O) failed to reveal any significant difference (56.5 ± 7.2mA n=13 vs 51.8 ± 5.0mA n=25 p .0.05 respectively). However further analysis of the haplotype based on pain phenotype revealed that the baseline pain threshold in (X) sensitisers (76.6±5.6mA n=7) was significantly higher than other subgroups (58.6±6.4mA p=0.07 O sensitisers n=12; 33.0 ±4.2mA p ,0.01 X non-sensitisers n=6; 45.5±7.5mA p,0.05: O non-sensitisers n=13). Additionally depression scores were significantly lower in X sensitisers (7.1 ± 0.5) than the other groups (9.3 ± 0.4 p,0.01, 9.7 ± 0.7 p,0.01, 8.8 ± 0.5 p,0.05 respectively). No significant difference was found in anxiety scores. Conclusion: Preliminary data generated in the present study suggests that GCH-1 may play a role in visceral pain processing, particularly in subjects who sensitise to stimuli. This effect may be linked to psychosocial aspects, however further studies in larger cohorts are now warranted. ER  - 
Lyme disease and schizophrenia: Case studies from an adjunctive minocycline study; Background: Prevalence and incidence of Lyme disease vary greatly depending on geographical location; in the United States, individuals residing in the Northeast and mid-Atlantic region are at increased risk for contraction of the disease. The detection of Lyme disease may present a particular diagnostic challenge to practitioners treating individuals who are comorbidly diagnosed with schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder (SZ). Clinical manifestations and related symptoms of both the early and late stages of Lyme disease may resemble those of SZ or of the side effects associated with psychotropic medications used in the treatment of these disorders. Methods: We evaluated the presence of Lyme disease at baseline in a double blind clinical trial of minocycline for schizophrenia. All study participants have a DSM-IV diagnosis of SZ, are between the ages of 18-65 years and have been taking a stable dose of clozapine for at least six months. Participants undergo a Lyme Titer, and all suspected cases are then confirmed using the enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay ELISA and the Western Blot. Results: A total of 29 participants were evaluated for the presence of Lyme disease. Two of these participants tested positive, representing 6.9% of tested participants. The first case (Lyme IgG/IgM Titer: 5.01, confirmed with Lyme Ab IgM by Western Blot) was a 27-year-old white/American Indian male, diagnosed with Schizophrenia, Paranoid Type. He reported mild dizziness, mild sedation, mild malaise and depression prior to the Lyme Titer. The second case (Lyme IgG/IgM Titer: 6.93, confirmed with Lyme Ab IgM by Western Blot) was a 55-year-old white male diagnosed with Schizoaffective Disorder, Bipolar Type. He reported moderate dizziness, severe sedation, moderate malaise, mild headache, mild sore throat, depression, arthritis and other physical side effects prior to the Lyme Titer. Conclusion: Current data illustrates the important role that healthcare practitioners have in emphasizing Lyme disease as a major health concern, as well as the opportunity to promote strategies to prevent patient contraction. There is limited information available on the relationship between Lyme and SZ; further research may consider investigating the phenomena, while practitioners in high-risk areas may consider routine testing as a part of their standard of care. ER  - 
Oxidative stress parameters in recent-onset bipolar disorder and possible lithium antioxidant effect; Background: Several studies have shown oxidative stress (OxS) and imbalance of antioxidant enzymes in bipolar disorder (BD). Lithium is a gold-standard treatment in BD and showed a role in decreasing OxS. Despite few data available for recent-onset BD, increased antioxidant defenses were found in first episode of bipolar mania. No study, however, evaluated OxS parameters in depression of recent-onset BD and the effects of lithium treatment in OxS in bipolar depression. Methods: BD subjects in a depressive episode (n=25) with no more than 5 years of illness duration were enrolled and treated for 6 weeks with lithium monotherapy, although hypnotics use as needed was allowed. Blood samples were collected at baseline and after 6-week lithium treatment. Healthy controls (n=28) were used for comparison with patients. Tiobarbituric acid reactive substances (TBARS), superoxide dismutase (SOD), catalase (CAT), and glutathione peroxidase (GPx) activities were measured spectrophotometrically. Results: BD patients had increased CAT (ANCOVA, df=1, 47, F=56.60, p<0.001), enhanced GPx (ANCOVA, df=1, 49, F=12.20, p=0.001) and decreased SOD/CAT ratio (ANCOVA, df=1, 44, F=30.66, p<0.001) compared to healthy controls. Also, no differences in SOD or TBARS between subjects with BD and healthy controls was observed. Regarding lithium treatment effects, BD patients had a decrease in TBARS (Wilcoxon Signed Ranks Test, z=-2.81, p=0.005) levels, with no changes in other parameters. Conclusions: Results suggest that recent-onset BD may have enhanced antioxidant enzymes. Lithium showed efficacy against OxS, confirming its neuroprotective role. ER  - 
Irritability during interferon-alpha therapy is associated with low omega-3 fatty acids but is not prevented by SSRIs; Background: Irritability often occurs during interferon-α (IFN-α) therapy, independently from depression. ω-3 fatty acids could influence the adverse effects of this inflammatory cytokine. Methods: Eighty-eight non-depressed adults started pegylated IFN-α therapy for hepatitis C. Using an HP 6890/5973 GC/MS detector, we assessed two ω-3 fatty acids (docosahexaenoic acid -DHA 22:6n-3 and eicosapentaenoic acid - EPA 20:5n-3), and two omega-6 fatty acids (arachidonic acid - AA 20:4n-6 and dihomo-γ-linolenic acid - DGLA 20:3n-6). Changes in the Anger, Irritability, and Assault Questionnaire subscales were assessed using repeated-measure mixed effect analyses. We similarly compared 44 subjects with a history of major depression in remission - either not taking SSRIs (n=26) or stably taking SSRIs (n=18). Results: Irritability in those with high AA/DHA+EPA went from 10.2 +/- 0.8 to 11.6 +/- 1.0 within 2 months of IFN-α, while those with low AA/DHA+EPA decreased from 8.3 +/- 0.8 to 6.7 +/-1.0 (F5,38.7 = 2.7 p<0.05). As expected, SSRI use did mitigate increases in Montgomery-Asperg Rating Scale scores (F5,7.2 = 118 p<0.0001). But irritability in those not taking SSRIs went from 10.0 +/- 0.5 to 9.8 +/- 0.7, while those on SSRIs went from 10.6 +/- 1.2 to 13.2 +/- 1.5. Conclusions: Low baseline ratios of AA/DHA+EPA were associated with both decreased depression and low irritability during treatment. Conversely, SSRIs may prevent depression during IFN-α therapy but may worsen irritability. This suggests that ω-3 supplementation may be effective for preventing both depression and irritability in people exposed to elevated inflammatory cytokines. ER  - 
The antidepressant effects of minocycline, a glutamatergic and antioxidant agent, in bipolar disorder; Background: Bipolar depression is the largest unmet need in the treatment of bipolar disorder. Minocycline, an antibiotic used for decades, appears to have multiple mechanisms potentially relevant to the pathophysiology of bipolar disorder: modulation of glutamate neurotransmission, anti-inflammatory, antioxidant and neuroprotective effects. Methods: N=12 subjects with bipolar disorder type I (75% males, mean age 44.4 ± 3.2 years) experiencing acute depression started an 8-week, open study with adjuvant minocycline (100-300 mg) added to their current mood stabilizing treatment. We administered depression severity scales every two weeks. We collected proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy (1H-MRS) from a subset of patients before and after treatment (from two 2.0 x 3.0 x 3.0-cm3 voxels, one centered on ACC and the other placed in the occipital cortex) to detect changes in glutamatergic metabolites (Glx and GABA) and in glutathione (GSH), an antioxidant molecule, during the 8-week treatment. Results: Over 8 weeks, treatment with minocycline was associated with significant improvements in depression severity: 67% of subjects were treatment responders (≥ 50% reduction in MADRS severity score from baseline) and 45% achieved remission (defined as endpoint MADRS ≤ 10). Minocyclinetreated subjects (N=7) had increases Glx and GABA in the ACC after 8 weeks of treatment and increases in glutathione (GSH), in the occipital lobe. Conclusions: Minocycline may be an effective adjuvant treatment for bipolar depression and its action may be related to changes in glutamatergic and antioxidant metabolites. A full-scale clinical trial is warranted to fully assess the antidepressant efficacy of minocycline. ER  - 
CSF 5-HIAA, cortisol and DHEAS levels in suicide attempters and healthy volunteers; Background: The serotonin system and the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis are involved in the biological vulnerability to suicidal behaviour. Altered levels of dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) and its sulphate ester DHEAS have been reported in neuropsychiatric conditions such as depression and posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD). Methods: The purpose of this study was to investigate CSF levels of 5-Hydroxyindoleacetic acid (5-HIAA) and CSF and plasma levels of cortisol and DHEAS in 28 medication free suicide attempters and 19 healthy volunteers. Furthermore, we assessed the relationship between neuroendocrine measures, childhood trauma and depression severity in suicide attempters. All patients were followed up for cause of death. As the study design includes a longitudinal part, with the mean follow-up time of 21 years, we investigated whether CSF cortisol, 5-HIAA or DHEAS would predict subsequent suicide in suicide attempters. Results: Suicide attempters had higher CSF and plasma cortisol levels compared to healthy volunteers. Male suicide attempters had higher CSF DHEAS levels and female suicide attempters had lower CSF 5-HIAA levels compared to male and female healthy volunteers respectively. In male suicide attempters CSF 5-HIAA showed a positive correlation with CSF cortisol/DHEAS ratio. Exposure to interpersonal violence as a child showed a negative correlation with CSF cortisol/ DHEAS ratio adjusted for age, gender and depression severity in a regression analysis. Low CSF 5-HIAA was a predictor of suicide whereas high CSF cortisol showed a trend to be a predictor. Conclusions: The results underlie the important role of the serotonergic system and HPA axis in suicidal behaviour. ER  - 
Anti-inflammatory treatment reduces stress perception and augments antidepressant response; Background: There is a close association between stress, mood disorders and inflammation. Control of inflammation in conjunction with antidepressant therapy may augment antidepressant response and convert treatment-resistant patients to responders. We hypothesized that antidepressant response and perceived stress in treatment resistant bipolar depressed patients would decline significantly post-treatment with escitalopram and celecoxib vs. escitalopram alone. We also hypothesized that levels of perceived stress would correlate positively to severity of depression and anxiety pre-treatment and to a decline in severity of depression and anxiety post-treatment. Methods: Patients were randomized to receive escitalopram + celecoxib, or escitalopram + placebo. Subjects completed assessments at weeks 0, 1, 2, 4 and 8. Severity of depression and anxiety were quantified using the HAM-D, HAM-A, and MADRS rating scales. Perceived stress was assessed using the PSS-14 scale. Results: There was a statistically significant reduction in HAM-D mean scores in the active group (p=0.0005) vs. placebo (p=0.145), MADRS scores in the active group (p<0.001) vs. placebo (p=0.172) and HAM-A scores in the active group (p=0.047) vs. placebo (p=0.756) decreased as well. The PSS and HAM-D scores were positively correlated (r=0.684, p=0.02). There was a statistically significant decrease in post-treatment PSS scores in the active group (p=0.049) vs. placebo (p=0.717). Conclusions: The interim analysis of this ongoing study reveals that scores on scales for symptoms of depression, anxiety, and perceived stress all significantly improved post-treatment when subjects were treated with escitalopram + celecoxib versus escitalopram alone. These data suggest that controlling inflammation augments antidepressant treatment response. ER  - 
Comparative effectiveness and safety of concomitant use of SSRIS in combination with nsaids or paracetamol; Objective: An increased risk of gastrointestinal bleeding due to concomitant use of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) is known, however, results regarding their synergistic antidepressant effect are inconsistent. Nevertheless, these drugs are frequently used concomitantly. Therefore, we performed a register-based follow-up study among SSRI users with and without concomitant NSAID or paracetamol use. Methods: Within a 25% random sample of the Danish population, we identified all incident SSRI users between 1997 and 2006. We compared rates of all-cause and cause-specificmortality, any psychiatric hospitalization, hospitalization with depression or somatic events during periods of SSRI use only with rates during periods of combined SSRI and NSAID or paracetamol use. We applied COX regression and competing risk analyses with adjustment for confounders and report adjusted hazard rate ratios (HRR) with 95% confidence intervals (CI). Results: We identified 124,465 incident SSRI users, 24,284 (19.5%) using NSAIDs and 13,286(10.7%) paracetamol concomitantly. Comparing SSRI in combination with NSAIDs to SSRI monotherapy was associated with a decreased risk for any psychiatric hospitalization [HRR(95%-CI): 0.75 (0.67; 0.85)] and hospitalization with depression [0.80 (0.67; 0.94)] andno increased mortality [1.10 (0.98; 1.24)]. Paracetamol in combination with SSRIs revealed an increased mortalityrisk [2.72 (2.46; 3.00)], especially cardiovascular [2.98 (2.40;3.70)]. No associations with gastrointestinal adverse events were observed. Concomitant use of lowdose acetylsalicylic acid (ASA) reduced the risk for psychiatric hospitalizations [0.44 (0.33; 0.58] and due to depression [0.38 (0.27; 0.52)] and death[0.86 (0.73; 0.99)]. Ibuprofen showed synergistic and safe treatment effects, whereas diclofenac [1.88 (1.39; 2.54)] and the group of selective COX-2 inhibitors [1.79 (1.35;2.36)] showed an increased mortality. Conclusions: Analyses of the different NSAID-groups highlighted the heterogeneity of this therapeutic class with very different safety and treatment outcomes in combination with SSRIs. Specific NSAIDs, especially low-dose ASA, may represent a beneficial adjunctive antidepressant treatment option. The finding concerning paracetamol should be investigated further, although it may be caused by confounding by indication. ER  - 
Pseudomonas SPP. in skin burns; Background: The local inflammation after a burning is essential for the wound healing and response of the host against infection. Among the related factors that favor the development of infection in the burned area, is the destruction of the skin, followed by the immune response depression. Other factors, such as age, depth and extension of injury, microorganisms involved in the infection, enzymes and toxins produced by them are also determinants for the degree aggression of invasion in the lesion and its complications. The burned skin surface is a nutrient-rich environment, which favor the installation and also the proliferation of infectious microorganisms into the injured area. Which can be endogenous or exogenous traced, wherein the most involved microorganisms in these infections are bacterias, mainly the Pseudomonas spp. This is a Gramnegative rod, non-fermenter carbohydrates, resident in the intestinal microbiota and in areas of high humidity of the skin, it can present an intrinsic and acquired resistance to certain antibiotics, making the lesions treatment more complex. Methods:This retrospective study included 360 samples of burn injuries of patients attended in the Emergency Department of Burns Goiânia (PSQ). The samples have had microbiological analyzes performed in the clinical microbiology laboratory of the Goiano Institute of Oncology and Hematology (INGOH), through the overnight System Automation in Microbiology, AutoScan - 4, and their specific panels MicroScan ® Dade Berhing / Siemens. Results and Conclusions: Among the 360 evaluated results, it was found 276 (76.7%) showing infectious process confirmed by clinical and laboratory diagnosis. In this found infectious processes had been observed that the population of Pseudomonas spp. was the second most frequent in these lesions with 13.8%, after the presence of Staphylococcus spp with 41.8% of incidence. The analysis of the susceptibility patterns performed on these Pseudomonas spp strains isolated, showed a resistance level from: 37.9% to Ceftazidime, 31% for Imipenem, 36.2% for Meropenem, 12.2% for Piperacillin/Tazobactam and 0% for Polymyxin B, which although toxic side effect was the most effective antibiotic against Pseudomonas spp. this research. ER  - 
The contribution of TNF-α in the amygdala to anxiety in mice with persistent inflammatory pain; Tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-α) is known for its role in inflammation and pain, which are strongly associated with mood disorders such as anxiety and depression. The amygdala is a forebrain structure that modulates anxiety. However, little is known about the role of TNF-α in the development of anxiety in animals with chronic pain. In the present study, we examined TNF-α expression in the basolateral amygdala (BLA) following injection of complete Freund's adjuvant (CFA) into the hind paw of mice to induce inflammation. We also determined the effects of TNF-α expression on the development of anxiety in these mice. TNF-α expression was increased in the BLA during the chronic phase of CFA-induced peripheral inflammation. The local infusion of TNF-α-neutralizing antibody infliximab in the BLA reversed anxiety-like behaviors in mice with persistent inflammatory pain. In vitro slice recordings revealed that TNF-α significantly enhanced AMPA-receptor-mediated glutamatergic excitatory synaptic transmission and inhibited GABAA-receptor-mediated inhibitory synaptic transmission in the BLA. Our findings, therefore, provide strong evidence that TNF-α contributes to the development of anxiety in mice with persistent inflammatory pain. © 2013 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. ER  - 
The role of antibiotics in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease; Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is the fourth most common cause of death worldwide. Recurrent acute exacerbation of COPD (AE-COPD) are common attributes of its course, and are related to the progress of the disease and its high cost. In the USA, that cost is estimated at $7,757 per exacerbation, mainly due to hospitalization expenses. Patients with repeated acute exacerbations rapidly display reduced lung function and they have a prolonged recovery time and an increased likelihood of suffering from depression or stress, which may consequently lead to a poorer quality of life. Given the fact that almost half of AE-COPD episodes are the outcome of infection, the administration of antimicrobial medication is recommended for patients suffering from exacerbations or severe COPD. In order to administer antibiotics correctly, the risk factors involved in the exacerbation and the choice of the appropriate antibiotics for patients of low and high risk should be taken into consideration. In accordance with the international guidelines, the prophylactic use of antibiotics for patients with COPD is not recommended, although ongoing clinical trials are reevaluating the administration of macrolides as a means of preventing exacerbations, based on their anti-inflammatory properties. ER  - 
Improved health outcomes with Etanercept versus usual DMARD therapy in an Asian population with established rheumatoid arthritis; Background: Patient reported outcomes (PROs) are especially useful in assessing treatments for rheumatoid arthritis (RA) since they measure dimensions of health-related quality of life that cannot be captured using strictly objective physiological measures. The aim of this study was to compare the effects of combination etanercept and methotrexate (ETN + MTX) versus combination synthetic disease modifying antirheumatic drugs (DMARDs) and methotrexate (DMARD + MTX) on PRO measures among RA patients from the Asia-Pacific region, a population not widely studied to date. Patients with established moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis who had an inadequate response to methotrexate were studied. Methods. Patients were randomized to either ETN + MTX (N = 197) or DMARD + MTX (N = 103) in an open-label, active-comparator, multicenter study, with PRO measures designed as prospective secondary endpoints. The Health Assessment Questionnaire (HAQ), Functional Assessment of Chronic Illness Therapy Fatigue Scale (FACIT-Fatigue), Medical Outcomes Short Form-36 Health Survey (SF-36), Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS) and the Work Productivity and Activity Impairment Questionnaire: General Health (WPAI:GH) were used. Results: Significantly greater improvements were noted for the ETN + MTX group at week16 for HAQ mean scores and for proportion of patients achieving HAQ score ≤ 0.5, compared to patients in the DMARD + MTX group. SF-36 Summary Scores for physical and mental components and for 6 of 8 health domains showed significantly greater improvements at week16 for the ETN + MTX group; only scores for physical functioning and role-emotional domains did not differ significantly between the two treatment arms. Greater improvements at week16 were noted for the ETN + MTX group for FACIT-Fatigue, HADS, and WPAI:GH mean scores. Conclusion: Combination therapy using ETN + MTX demonstrated superior improvements using a comprehensive set of PRO measures, compared to combination therapy with usual standard of care DMARDs plus MTX in patients with established rheumatoid arthritis from the Asia-Pacific region. Trial registration. clintrials.gov # NCT00422227. © 2013 Bae et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Putative neuroprotective agents in neuropsychiatric disorders; In many individuals with major neuropsychiatric disorders including depression, bipolar disorder and schizophrenia, their disease characteristics are consistent with a neuroprogressive illness. This includes progressive structural brain changes, cognitive and functional decline, poorer treatment response and an increasing vulnerability to relapse with chronicity. The underlying molecular mechanisms of neuroprogression are thought to include neurotrophins and regulation of neurogenesis and apoptosis, neurotransmitters, inflammatory, oxidative and nitrosative stress, mitochondrial dysfunction, cortisol and the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis, and epigenetic influences. Knowledge of the involvement of each of these pathways implies that specific agents that act on some or multiple of these pathways may thus block this cascade and have neuroprotective properties. This paper reviews the potential of the most promising of these agents, including lithium and other known psychotropics, aspirin, minocycline, statins, N-acetylcysteine, leptin and melatonin. These agents are putative neuroprotective agents for schizophrenia and mood disorders. © 2012 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Developmental programming for allergy: A secondary analysis of the Mothers, Omega-3, and Mental Health Study; Objective: Fetal dysregulation of T helper cell pathways may predispose to allergy, as high cord blood T helper 2/T helper 1 ratios have been shown to precede development of allergic diseases. We aimed to determine whether prenatal eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid supplementation reduces T helper 2 to T helper 1-associated chemokine ratios. We also explored the effect of mode of delivery on T helper 2/T helper 1 ratios. Study Design: We conducted a secondary analysis of a randomized placebo controlled trial initially performed to assess the effects of docosahexaenoic acid or eicosapentaenoic acid supplementation on pregnancy-related depressive symptoms among 126 participants. Cord plasma specimens from 98 newborns were assayed for chemokines associated with T helper 2 (thymus and activation-regulated chemokine [CCL17], macrophage-derived chemokine [CCL22], eotaxin [CCL 11]) and T helper 1 (interferon-inducible protein-10 [CXCL 10]) by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay and Multiplex immunoassays. Ratios of log-transformed chemokines macrophage-derived chemokine/interferon-inducible protein-10 and thymus and activation-regulated chemokine/interferon-inducible protein-10 were compared between groups by analyses of variance. Multiple linear regression was performed to examine associations between treatments and chemokine ratios, adjusting for covariates. Results: After adjusting for gestational age at delivery, birthweight, and mode of delivery, both omega-3 supplementation groups were associated with lower macrophage-derived chemokine/interferon-inducible protein-10 ratios than placebo (eicosapentaenoic acid: coefficient -1.8; 95% confidence interval [CI], -3.6 to -0.05; P =.04; docosahexaenoic acid: -2.0; 95% CI, -3.9 to -0.07; P =.04). Similar associations were found for thymus and activation-regulated chemokine/interferon-inducible protein-10 (eicosapentaenoic acid: -1.5; 95% CI, -3.0 to 0.06; P =.06; docosahexaenoic acid -2.2; 95% CI, -3.8 to -0.52; P =.01). Cesarean delivery was associated with higher macrophage-derived chemokine/interferon-inducible protein-10 (1.6; 95% CI, 0.01-3.3; P =.049) and thymus and activation-regulated chemokine/interferon- inducible protein-10 (1.5; 95% CI, 0.1-2.9; P =.042) ratios than vaginal delivery. Conclusion: Prenatal supplementation with eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid resulted in decreased cord blood T helper 2/T helper 1 chemokine ratios. Cesarean delivery was associated with a pronounced T helper 2 deviation at birth. © 2013 Mosby, Inc. ER  - 
The Mothers, Omega-3, and Mental Health Study: A double-blind, randomized controlled trial; Objectives: Maternal deficiency of the omega-3 fatty acid, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), has been associated with perinatal depression, but there is evidence that supplementation with eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) may be more effective than DHA in treating depressive symptoms. This trial tested the relative effects of EPA- and DHA-rich fish oils on prevention of depressive symptoms among pregnant women at an increased risk of depression. Study Design: We enrolled 126 pregnant women at risk for depression (Edinburgh Postnatal Depression Scale score 9-19 or a history of depression) in early pregnancy and randomly assigned them to receive EPA-rich fish oil (1060 mg EPA plus 274 mg DHA), DHA-rich fish oil (900 mg DHA plus 180 mg EPA), or soy oil placebo. Subjects completed the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) and Mini-International Neuropsychiatric Interview at enrollment, 26-28 weeks, 34-36 weeks, and at 6-8 weeks' postpartum. Serum fatty acids were analyzed at entry and at 34-36 weeks' gestation. Results: One hundred eighteen women completed the trial. There were no differences between groups in BDI scores or other depression endpoints at any of the 3 time points after supplementation. The EPA- and DHA-rich fish oil groups exhibited significantly increased postsupplementation concentrations of serum EPA and serum DHA respectively. Serum DHA- concentrations at 34-36 weeks were inversely related to BDI scores in late pregnancy. Conclusion: EPA-rich fish oil and DHA-rich fish oil supplementation did not prevent depressive symptoms during pregnancy or postpartum. © 2013 Mosby, Inc. ER  - 
Role of long-chain omega-3 fatty acids in psychiatric practice; Nutrition plays a minor role in psychiatric practice which is currently dominated by a pharmacological treatment algorithm. An accumulating body of evidence has implicated deficits in the dietary essential long-chain omega-3 (LC. n-3) fatty acids, eicosapenaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), in the pathophysiology of several major psychiatric disorders. LC. n-3 fatty acids have an established long-term safety record in the general population, and existing evidence suggests that increasing LC. n-3 fatty acid status may reduce the risk for cardiovascular disease morbidity and mortality. LC. n-3 fatty acid supplementation has been shown to augment the therapeutic efficacy of antidepressant, mood-stabilizer, and second generation antipsychotic medications, and may additionally mitigate adverse cardiometabolic side-effects. Preliminary evidence also suggests that LC. n-3 fatty acid supplementation may be efficacious as monotherapy for primary and early secondary prevention and for perinatal symptoms. The overall cost-benefit ratio endorses the incorporation of LC. n-3 fatty acids into psychiatric treatment algorithms. The recent availability of laboratory facilities that specialize in determining blood LC. n-3 fatty acid status and emerging evidence-based consensus guidelines regarding safe and efficacious LC. n-3 fatty acid dose ranges provide the infrastructure necessary for implementation. This article outlines the rationale for incorporating LC. n-3 fatty acid treatment into psychiatric practice. © 2013 Elsevier B.V. ER  - 
Effect of acute administration of celecoxib on anxiolytic activity of fluoxetine in albino mice; Depression and anxiety often co-exist and Selective Serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) like fluoxetine are widely used clinically for treatment of depression, especially with concomitant anxiety. Patients on fluoxetine may be required to take selective COX2 inhibitors like celecoxib for any inflammatory or painful conditions. Our objective was to evaluate the effect of acute administration of celecoxib on the anxiolytic activity of fluoxetine. After clearance from Institutional Animal Ethics Committee, 30 healthy albino mice (20-30g) of either sex were divided into five groups of six mice each and administered single dose of Distilled water 1ml/kg (control), Alprazolam 5mg/kg (standard), Fluoxetine 5mg/kg, Fluoxetine 5mg/kg + Celecoxib 5mg/kg and Alprazolam 5mg/kg + Celecoxib 5mg/kg respectively by intraperitoneal route. Testing for anxiolytic effect was done by Elevated Plus Maze (EPM) and Hole Board (HB) test in all groups at baseline (Day 0) and Day 1 after drug administration. Open arm exploration time in EPM and number of times of nose pokings in HB were measured in all groups and the results were expressed as Mean ± SD. Statistical analysis was done by one-way ANOVA followed by Unpaired 't' test with P<0.05 as the level of significance (95% confidence limits). Open arm exploration time and number of nose pokings were significantly decreased after drug administration in fluoxetine + celecoxib group in EPM and HB, compared to normal control. Thus, we observed contrasting results (anxiogenic and anxiolytic activity in EPM and HB respectively) when we co-administered fluoxetine and celecoxib. ER  - 
Therapeutic benefits of Ω-3 fatty acids from fish; Fatty acids play important roles in human nutrition and disease management. Fish are rich in Omega-3 Long Chain Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids (LC-PUFAs). Marine fish are the best source of these fatty acids. They typically include eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). The major health maintenance and prevention of diseases recognized in EPA and DHA. These forms of fatty acids have excellent body usability component: Reduces heart attack risks, Reduce stroke risks, Brings down blood pressure, Manages heart rhythms and hence reducing possible heart failures. Further, Omega-3 fatty acids from fish supplements could also be useful in preventing a number of diseases including: Diabetes, Arthritis, Heart disease, Cancer, Depression, Hyperactivity. Factors underlying the popularity of ω-3 fatty acids, their recommended daily indices, clinical trials showing their benefits on cardiovascular health, and prevention of arthritis, inflammation, and allergy, child development, mental alertness, cognitive function and mood have been pointed out in this review Diseases that may be prevented or ameliorated with Omega-3 fatty acids, in descending order of the strength of the available evidence. © 2013 IJDDR, Samanta S Khora. ER  - 
Associations of depressive symptoms with serum proportions of palmitic and arachidonic acids, and α-tocopherol effects among male population - A preliminary study; Background & aims: Recent years, inflammation and oxidative stress have been addressed in relation to interactions between fatty acid (FA) and depression. To study the associations between FAs and depressive symptoms in men, serum FA proportion was compared with perceived depression. We also measured α-tocopherol (a-Toc) levels to investigate the associations with FA functions. Methods: A cross-sectional study was performed on 113 male workers recruited from a software development company in Japan. Depressive symptoms were assessed according to the 20-item Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression (CES-D) scale. Twenty-four FAs in the serum from the peripheral blood were examined. Results: CES-D scores were significantly positively correlated with the serum percentage of palmitic acid (PA), while they were negatively correlated with arachidonic acid (AA). The CES-D scores were not correlated with the serum ratio of docosahexaenoic acid or eicosapentaenoic acid (n-3 poly-unsaturated FAs (PUFAs)). CES-D scores were significantly negatively correlated with a-Toc/PA ratio (correlation: adjusting for possible confounders). Conclusions: Although no associations were found between depressive symptoms and n-3 PUFA proportions in male population, depressive symptoms were positively correlated with PA percentages and negatively correlated with AA percentages. PA may increase neural vulnerability and AA may decrease the severity of depression. Moreover, a-Toc may have protective effects against depressive symptoms. © 2012 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. ER  - 
Pityriasis rosea-like drug eruption due to nortriptyline in a patient with vulvodynia; BACKGROUND: Nortriptyline and other tricyclic antidepressants are widely used in the treatment of depression. They are also used in chronic pain syndromes such as vulvodynia. We report a case of pityriasis rosea (PR)-like eruption in a young woman who was treated with oral nortriptyline for vulvodynia. CASE REPORT: The patient presented with photosensitivity and erythematous, well-defined, oval papules and patches, with fine collarettes of scale on the dorsal hands, upper arms, and trunk. She showed a complete resolution of her rash with discontinuation of nortriptyline, thereby supporting the diagnosis of a drug-induced reaction. COMMENT: Pityriasis rosea-like drug eruptions have been associated with numerous medications, including angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors, antirheumatic drugs, lithium, and, more recently, biologics such as imatinib, adalimumab, and etanercept. A literature review did not reveal an association between PR-like drug eruptions and tricyclic antidepressants such as nortriptyline. We report a case of PR-like drug reaction to nortriptyline for clinical interest. © 2013, American Society for Colposcopy and Cervical Pathology. ER  - 
Chronic stress and calcium oxalate stone disease: Is it a potential recurrence risk factor?; Chronic emotional stress is associated with increased cortisol release and metabolism disorders. However, few studies have evaluated the influence of chronic stress on calcium oxalate (CaOx) stone disease and its recurrence. A total of 128 patients were enrolled in this case-control study over a period of 20 months. All patients were CaOx stone formers with a recent stone episode (<3 months); 31 were first-time stone formers (FS) and 33 recurrent stone formers (RS). Dimensions of chronic stress were evaluated with self-reported validated questionnaires measuring stressful life events, perceived stress, anxiety, depression, burnout and satisfaction with life. An ad hoc self-reporting questionnaire was designed to evaluate stress-related specifically to stone episodes. Blood and urine samples were collected to determine cortisol levels and urinary composition. In addition, epidemiological data, socioeconomic information, diet and incidences of metabolic syndrome (MS) were reported. Overall, no significant differences were observed in the scores of cases and controls on any of the questionnaires dealing with stress. The number (p < 0.001) and the intensity (p < 0.001) of perceived stressful life events were higher in RS than in FS, but there were no differences between the two groups in other dimensions of stress. RS had higher glucose (p = 0.08), uric acid (p = 0.02), blood cortisol (p = 0.01), and urine calcium levels (p = 0.01) than FS. RS also had lower economic levels (p = 0.02) and more frequent incidences of MS (p = 0.07) than FS. Although no differences were observed in cases and controls among any dimension of chronic stress, the number and intensity of stressful life events were higher in RS than in FS. These differences correlate with variations in blood and urinary levels and with metabolic disorders, indicating an association between chronic stress and risk of recurrent CaOx stone formation. © 2013 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg. ER  - 
Cytokine targets in the brain: Impact on neurotransmitters and neurocircuits; Increasing attention has been paid to the role of inflammation in a host of illnesses including neuropsychiatric disorders such as depression and anxiety. Activation of the inflammatory response leads to release of inflammatory cytokines and mobilization of immune cells both of which have been shown to access the brain and alter behavior. The mechanisms of the effects of inflammation on the brain have become an area of intensive study. Data indicate that cytokines and their signaling pathways including p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase have significant effects on the metabolism of multiple neurotransmitters such as serotonin, dopamine, and glutamate through impact on their synthesis, release, and reuptake. Cytokines also activate the kynurenine pathway, which not only depletes tryptophan, the primary amino acid precursor of serotonin, but also generates neuroactive metabolites that can significantly influence the regulation of dopamine and glutamate. Through their effects on neurotransmitter systems, cytokines impact neurocircuits in the brain including the basal ganglia and anterior cingulate cortex, leading to significant changes in motor activity and motivation as well as anxiety, arousal, and alarm. In the context of environmental challenge from the microbial world, these effects of inflammatory cytokines on the brain represent an orchestrated suite of behavioral and immune responses that subserve evolutionary priorities to shunt metabolic resources away from environmental exploration to fighting infection and wound healing, while also maintaining vigilance against attack, injury, and further pathogen exposure. Chronic activation of this innate behavioral and immune response may lead to depression and anxiety disorders in vulnerable individuals. © 2013 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. ER  - 
Alitretinoin in the treatment of hidradenitis suppurativa: An insight; Hidradenitis suppurativa (HS) is a chronic inflammatory skin disease affecting the apocrine glandular zones with preferential involvement of the axillae, groin, and perineum. Its pathogenesis is thought to originate with follicular alteration leading to occlusion. Subsequently there ensues inflammation with acute abscesses, fistula formation, and scarring. As the disease advances, pain becomes a persistent symptom. Indeed, the psychological impact of the disease is significant, with depression scores being both higher than for any other dermatological condition, and significantly higher than controls. The psychophysical morbidity of HS is not in doubt, but as yet treatment modalities are not ideal. Currently, the cornerstones of management are antibiotics, retinoids, and surgery, with antiandrogens, corticosteroids, sulfones, antiinflammatories, and immunomodulators also in the dermatologist's arsenal. Acitretin has thus far been the systemic retinoid of choice, achieving a 6-month remission rate of 60% to 75% after 1 course. However, its teratogenicity profile is poor, with women of childbearing potential being advised to use contraception for 3 years posttreat-ment. Given that HS affects women more frequently than men (female:male ratio, 3:1), this problem is particularly pertinent. Alitretinoin, on the other hand, is a first-generation retinoid presently employed for severe chronic hand eczema. Unlike acitretin, it has a much smaller washout period: women need only use contraception for 6 weeks posttreatment. This study demonstrates the efficacy of alitretinoin in the treatment of HS, as measured by Dermatology Quality of Life Index (DLQI) and Sartorious scoring. Four patients between 30 and 75 years of age were recruited into the study. Average depression scores as measured by the DLQI at week 0, 12, and 24 were 19.7, 8.0, and 6.7, respectively, achieving an average reduction of 13 at week 24. Indeed, similar results were achieved using the Sartorious scale, with an average reduction of 157. These preliminary results are encouraging and a larger study achieving statistical significance is the next step. In conclusion, the results provide support for the efficacy of alitretinoin as compared with acitretin, but the fact that alitretinoin offers significant reductions in risk of teratogenicity makes it the retinoid of choice for this debilitating condition. ER  - 
Long-standing keratoses on the palms and soles; A 43-year-old Brazilian man reported lesions on his palms and soles that had been present for 8 years. The lesions were asymptomatic and had increased in number over time. The patient denied a history of previous trauma or problems with his nails or teeth. He was employed as a painter. Being adopted, he was unaware of a family history of similar skin conditions, but did state that his adolescent son seemed to be developing similar appearing lesions. Physical examination revealed areas of punctate, palmoplantar crater-like keratoses, each 2-to 5-mm in diameter. These covered the majority of the surfaceofthe palms and soles. A punch biopsy specimen was obtained from the palm of the hand that showed a compact orthokeratotic column with underlying hypergranulosis and an abrupt transition to the normal orthokeratotic stratum corneum at the borders of the hyperkeratotic column. This was consistent with type I punctate palmoplantar keratoderma (Buschke-Brauer-Fischer disease). The patient was educated about the familial inheritance of the disease and was asked to have age-appropriate screenings with his primary care provider for malignancy. The patient was offered the option of systemic or topical treatment and opted for topical treatment. He was given salicylic acid to apply to affected areas in the evenings and 40% urea cream to apply to affected areas every morning. This resulted in softening and thinning of his keratoses. Punctate palmoplantar keratoderma (PPPK) is an autosomal dominant inherited trait with an incidence of 1 per 100,000. The typical presentation is multiple 2-to 8-mm keratoses on the palms and soles appearing during adolescence or after 20 years of age. The lesions begin as pinpoint, firm, translucent papules that develop a central, keratotic core that leave a central depression when removed. On histology, PPPK lesions show compact columns of orthohyperkeratosis over a sharply limited area of the epidermis. Despite its rarity, it is imperative to identify PPPK, because some studies have reported associations between PPPK, cancers of the colon, pancreas, kidney, and breast, and lymphomas. Patients with PPPK should be offered malignancy screenings. Moreover, because of its autosomal dominant inheritance, other family members should also be screened for this disease. The treatment is aimed at softening the individual lesions through the use of keratolytics and retinoids. ER  - 
Characteristics of psoriasis patients with self-assessed limited disease control despite physician-assessed clear or minimal skin disease; Objective: To characterize psoriasis (Ps) patients with self-assessed limited disease control despite clear or minimal skin disease. Methods: Patients with moderate to severe Ps treated with biologics (adalimumab and etanercept), methotrexate, or placebo were drawn from clinical trials: BELIEVE, CHAMPION, M10-114, M10-255, M10-315, REVEAL. Patient visits with a Physician's Global Assessment (PGA) of «clear» or «minimal» were identified. Among these visits, the subgroup with a Patient's Global Assessment (PtGA) of «uncontrolled disease» or «limited disease control» was identified. A multivariate logistic regression model was constructed to identify patient characteristics associated with self-assessed limited/uncontrolled disease despite a PGA of clear/minimal. Characteristics considered included age, weight, sex, Ps duration, history of psoriatic arthritis, pretrial use of systemic biologics, pretrial use of nonbiologic systemics, familial history of Ps, current joint inflammation (yes/no), Ps or psoriatic arthritiserelated pain (on a visual analog scale [VAS] of 0-100), Ps-related pruritus (on a scale of 0-10), the Psoriasis Area and Severity Index, current PGA level (clear or minimal) and prevalent comorbidities, including blood irregularities, cardiovascular disease, gastrointestinal disease, depression, diabetes, hyperlipidemia, hypertension and obesity. Results: 534 of 11,015 patient visits had a PGA of clear and 1725 a PGA of minimal. Of these 2259 visits, 60 visits had a PtGA of uncontrolled disease and 450 visits had limited disease control. In patients with PGA of clear or minimal, pain, pruritus, and current joint inflammation were significantly associated with increased odds of patient-assessed limited disease control or uncontrolled disease. Pain (10 mm on VAS) was associated with a 12% increase (odds ratio [OR]: 1.12; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.01-1.23; P = .027); pruritus (1 unit) was associated with a 49% increase (OR: 1.49; 95% CI: 1.38e1.60; P <.001), and current joint inflammation was associated with a 67% increase (OR: 1.67; 95% CI: 1.19e2.34; P =.003) of PtGA of limited/uncontrolled disease among patients with clear or minimal PGA. Conclusion: In Ps patients with physician-assessed clear or minimal skin disease, pain, pruritus, and joint inflammation may persist, and are associated with limited disease control from the patient's perspective. Complete management of Ps should include assessment of these signs and symptoms. This study was funded by Abbott Laboratories. ER  - 
Citalopram-induced intracranial hypertension in an elderly woman; AIM: To describe a case of intracranial hypertension in a 72-year old woman after the long term use of citalopram. BACKGROUND: Pseudotumor cerebri (PTC) is a disease characterized by intracranial hypertension without ventriculomegaly, in the absence of a mass lesion or meningeal process.1 The most important manifestation of the disease is papilledema, which may lead to progressive optic atrophy and severe loss of visual field and central visual acuity. PTC is subdivided in idiopathic intracranial hypertension (IIH) or intracranial hypertension from a secondary cause, depending upon whether or not an etiology is established. Various exogenous agents have been implicated in the development of intracranial hypertension from a secondary cause, including Vitamin A and several antibiotics. METHODS: Observational case report. RESULTS: A 72-year old non-obese woman was referred due to an incidental finding of bilateral papilledema. For many months prior to referral the patient had experienced intermittent headaches, transient visual obscurations and dizziness. The patient was in good general health and her only medication was Citalopram, which she had been using for 25 years at a daily dose of 40 mg. The visual acuities were 0.8, the visual fields showed enlarged blind spots and the neurologic examination was unremarkable. ESR and CRP were normal. An MRI of the brain was normal, and a normal CT venography ruled out a cerebral venous sinus thrombosis. An elevated CSF opening pressure of 35 cm of water was measured on an otherwise unremarkable lumbar puncture. Despite acetazolamide treatment, the headaches worsened, a pulsatile tinnitus developed, the papilledema persisted and the visual field defects deteriorated. Accordingly, after 6 months of progression, a ventriculo-peritoneal shunt was inserted after which most symptoms as well as the papilledema resolved. IIH in a non-obese elderly woman being highly unlikely, a secondary cause was investigated. Citalopram was suspected to be the aetiologic factor, and a gradual withdrawal of the drug was initiated. CONCLUSION: A case of IIH in a 72-year old woman is presented. Citalopram, a highly used drug for the treatment of depression and anxiety disorders, is likely to have been the secondary cause. There have been no previous reports of this connection. ER  - 
Dentures: To eat or not to eat!; Introduction: In the elderly population with dementia, the inadvertent ingestion of foreign bodies is a serious risk. The increased prevalence of dental prosthetics in this age group increases this risk, which can result in dysphagia and esophageal obstruction, and even lead to perforation 1. Case: An 86 year old male veteran with history of vascular dementia, PTSD, major depression, atrial fibrillation, type 2 DM and left submandibular adenocarcinoma s/p resection presented to the hospital for evaluation of increasing confusion and diarrhea. In the ED, he was agitated; to safely obtain a CT scan of the head and lumbar puncture he received intravenous lorazepam and haloperidol worsening his hyperactive delirium. Further work up revealed pneumonia and antibiotics were initiated. During his hospitalization, he complained of new-onset dysphagia, odynophagia and gurgling voice with a strong cough reflex. He denied eating anything out of the ordinary. Modified barium swallow was performed, revealing two metallic density foreign bodies in the pharynx. ENT was consulted emergently and nasopharyngolaryngoscopy showed the presence of a partial upper denture plate in his glottis. It was subsequently removed in the OR, with complete resolution of dysphagia symptoms. Discussion: The accidental swallowing of dentures can have several different presentations, which can result in a challenging diagnosis. The most frequent symptom is dysphagia; symptoms arise based upon the time passed since ingestion and progression of the denture down the digestive tract 1. More serious complications can include compromise of airway through esophageal obstruction, vascular erosion, and perforation 2. In the elderly with dementia or cognitive impairment, suppression of the cough reflex in sedation and delirium pose serious risk factors for increased aspiration and thus ingestion of dental prostheses 3 .Therefore, the recognition of early signs and symptoms along with timely intervention is important in reducing the risk of complications. ER  - 
Neuropathic pain and quality of life in traumatic brachial plexopathy: Results of multicentric collaborative italian study; No epidemiological studies have been dedicated to distinguish the different symptoms of neuropathic pain (NeuP) by using specifically designed pain questionnaires. NeuP-Italy is an epidemiological study on the prevalence and characteristics of NeuP in traumatic brachial plexopathies (TBP), diabetic neuropathy, multiple sclerosis and stroke. Here we report data on TBP. The aims of this study were: 1) to assess the prevalence and the characteristics of NeuP in TBP; 2) to evaluate the quality of life (QoL) in TBP by using dedicated scales. We collected consecutive patients with TBP in five Italian centres (Torino, Roma, Udine, Piacenza, Verona) since October 2010. All patients underwent a detailed clinical examination, clinical questionnaires and neurophysiological tests (EMG) according to standardized diagnostic criteria for TBP. Chronic pain was defined in the presence of pain in the last 30 days. The intensity of pain was assessedwith the Numerical Rating Scale. In all patientswith pain the DN4 questionnairewas performed; in patientswith a DN4 score ≥ 4, NPSI, Beck Depression Inventory and Quality of Life scale (SF-36) were fulfilled. Other data collected were: age, gender, injury level and site, onset of pain (days from trauma), surgical treatment, pain therapy. 107 patients (85 m, 22 f; 16-79 yrs, mean age 42.4±12.3) with clinical and neurophysiological diagnosis of TBP were enrolled. Painful neuropathies were 73%: NeuP prevalence was 56%. At the first visit 72/78 patients with chronic pain were in treatment: anticonvulsants (pregabalin, gabapentin, carbamazepine, oxcarbazepine), tricyclic antidepressants (amitriptyline), SNRI (duloxetine), opioids, other drugs (nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs, steroids, L-acetylcarnitine, alpha-lipoic acid). Paroxysmal pain (pain feeling like ''electric shocks'') and paresthesia/dysesthesia (pins and needles/tingling) had higher values at NPSI. TBP patients with chronic pain had worse SF-36 scores, with a strong correlation between QoL and NeuP. To define different types of pain may have a great impact on a new classification strategy for NeuP. In TBP sensory profiles assessment of NeuP could play an important role in successful pain management; therefore, results of this study could be crucial for planning future clinical trials with the aim to evaluate the efficacy of NeuP treatment in TBP. ER  - 
Effect of body mass index on clinical response to anti-tnf therapies in rheumatoid arthritis: A retrospective study; Background: Adipose Tissue and adipocytokines play an important role in immunomodulation in RA. Obesity also has important pharmacodynamic effect on drugs like TNF Inhibitors. In this study, we aim to determine whether BMI affects the clinical response to anti- TNF drugs in RA patients, and whether there is a difference in clinical response to infliximab vs other subcutaneously injected anti-TNFs in obese RA patients. Methods: In this retrospective study, we included 145 RA patients on different anti-TNF drugs. Baseline data on demographics, BMI, Rheumatoid Factor, Anti-CCP antibodies, DAS28 score, Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scores, and Health Assessment Questionnaire were collected. A change in DAS28 score at 6 month was calculated and a DAS responder status allocated to those with a change in DAS score of 1.2 or above. DAS response was studied for Infliximab group vs the other subcutaneous anti-TNF group. Pearson's chi-squared test and logistic regression analysis was used for statistical analysis and to build a prediction model of factors associated with response to anti-TNF drugs in RA. Results: We found a poorer response to infliximab at 6 months in clinically obese RA patients, compared with non-obese individuals in the same group (P-value=0.036). However there was no statistical difference in the response rates in the two BMI groups in subcutaneous anti-TNF group. Multivariate analysis showed that a higher baseline DAS28 score was associated with better DAS response at 6 months (OR=3.53, P=0.001). Our study also showed that a higher baseline Depression score is associated with a poorer response to anti-TNF drugs at 6 months (OR=0.79, P-value=0.001). Conclusions: Our study provides evidence that high BMI is associated with poorer response to Infliximab at 6 months in RA patients, which is consistent with other recently published data. Higher baseline DAS28 score is associated with better response while high baseline depression score is associated poorer response to anti-TNF drugs at 6 months. These findings however need to be confirmed in larger prospective studies. ER  - 
Pain-related depression of the mesolimbic dopamine system in rats; Some stressors produce prodepressant behavioral effects by activating endogenous kappa opioid systems that in turn depress mesolimbic dopamine release. This study evaluated the role of this mechanism in pain-related behavioral depression in rats. Adult male Sprague-Dawley rats were prepared either with intracranial electrodes targeting the medial forebrain bundle (for behavior studies of intracranial self-stimulation; ICSS) or cannulae for microdialysis measures of nucleus accumbens dopamine (NAcc DA). Changes in ICSS and NAcc DA were examined after treatment with a chemical noxious stimulus (intraperitoneal injection of dilute acid) or an exogenous kappa agonist (U69593 ). Additional studies examined sensitivity of acid and U69593 effects to blockade by two analgesics (the nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drug ketoprofen and the mu opioid receptor agonist morphine) or by the kappa antagonist norbinaltorphimine (norBNI). Both acid and U69593 depressed ICSS and NAcc DA release. However, the pain-related effects of acid were blocked by pretreatment with ketoprofen and morphine, but not by norBNI. Conversely, effects of U69593 were blocked by norBNI but not by ketoprofen, and were only attenuated by morphine. These results support a role for the mesolimbic dopamine system, but not endogenous kappa opioid systems, in mediating pain-related depression of behavior in rats. ER  - 
Baseline serum n-3 eicosapentaenoic acid concentration is associated with subsequent mood disturbance during the acute stress of military survival school training; Observational data suggest positive relationships between n-3 fatty acids (FA) and mental health. FA metabolism may be disrupted in depression, but relationships between n-3 FAs and acute stress have not been examined. Thus, we utilized multiple regression modeling to determine associations between fasted baseline serum n-3 FA expressed as % of total FA [α-linolenic acid (ALA, 18:3), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, 20:5), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6)]; midday baseline saliva hormone concentrations; and mood among US Army Soldiers (n=59, 26.9±2.9 y) during Survive, Evade, Resist, Escape (SERE) school. Mood, assessed by the Profile of Mood States, was evaluated following an acutely stressful simulated interrogation conducted during ∼12 days of intermittent sleep and food deprivation. ALA was associated with increased cortisol (p<0.01), and EPA was inversely associated with testosterone (p=0.04) and dehydroepiandrosterone-sulfate (p=0.02), after adjustment for covariates. EPA was associated with increased total mood disturbance (p=0.01), tension (p=0.02), depression (p=0.03), anger (p=0.05), fatigue (p=0.02), and confusion (p=0.01), after adjustment for hormones and covariates. These data suggest higher EPA levels prior to stress exposure may be negatively associated with acute stress resilience. ER  - 
Anti-inflammatory action of the herbal drug STW 5: A link between cytokine regulation and gastrointestinal inflammation; Objective. Epidemiological studies show that, in ∼25% of patients with irritable bowel syndrome (IBS), bacterial gastroenteritis precedes the onset of the disorder. The multi-herbal drug STW 5 (Iberogast®) was effective for treatment of symptoms in patients with IBS or functional dyspepsia, therefore triggering the question for the mechanisms of action involved. Methods. STW 5 and its components were studied in inflamed small and large intestinal preparations of the rat. The inflammation was induced by intraluminal instillation of 2,4,6-trinitrobenzene sulfonic acid (TNBS, 0.01 M). Contractions were measured isometrically. Gene expression was determined using RT-PCR. Results. Preincubation of STW 5 (64-512 μg/ml) or its components in equivalent concentrations together with TNBS prevented the inflammation-induced disturbances in the muscle wall and hence the depression of acetylcholine (ACh)-induced contractions. Cytotoxicity testing revealed a cell protective effect of STW 5. STW 5 inhibited the increased TNF-α gene expression in ileum but not in colon whereas the gene expression of IL-10 was increased in both preparations by STW 6 (Iberis amara), a component of STW 5. Adenosine A2A receptors was found to be involved in the regulation of TNF-α gene expression by STW 5, whereas the cucurbitacins E and I in STW 6 could be responsible for activation of the IL-10 pathway. Conclusion. STW 5 reveals significant anti-inflammatory properties which contribute to the reduction of morphological and contractile disturbances. Its mode of action seems to be twofold, inhibition of the TNF-α and activation of the IL-10 pathway, giving a clear-cut correlation with symptom improvements in clinical trials and highlighting the relevance of STW 5 as a therapeutic approach in IBS. ER  - 
Factors predicting the efficacy of viscosupplementation in knee osteoarthritis; a. Purpose: Previous research has demonstrated inconsistent effects of hyaluronic acid supplementation in patients with knee osteoarthritis (OA), and it is not known which patients will have the best clinical response to this therapy. The purpose of the present study is to evaluate some factors that may predict clinical response to a single intra-articular injection of viscosupplementation with Hylan GF-20. b. Methods: This is an observational pilot study of 100 patients at a large urban Veterans Affairs Medical Center (VAMC) with knee osteoarthritis who are scheduled to receive viscosupplementation with Hylan G-F 20 at either the rheumatology or orthopedics clinics. These patients meet the VAMC formulary guidelines for use of viscosupplementation, which entails failure or intolerance of usual methods for managing a symptomatic knee, including corticosteroid injections. Patients with a history of inflammatory arthritis (i.e., rheumatoid arthritis, gout, or pseudogout) are excluded. At baseline, patients complete a series of questionnaires to obtain the Knee Injury and Osteoarthritis Outcome Score (KOOS), Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ-9) depression score, the New Zealand Joint Priority score (NZ score), as well as further history concerning demographics and previous injury, surgery, or other treatment. The KOOS and PHQ-9 are repeated at 3 and 6 months post-injection. A clinical responder is defined as someone with a change in KOOS total or any one subscale score that exceeds the mean minimal detectable change (MDC) values calculated based on test-retest reliability coefficients reported in four prior studies. Statistical analyses include logistic regression to determine which clinical variables predict response to therapy, as well as t-tests and chi square to examine differences in clinical characteristics between “responders” and “non-responders.” Hypothesized predictors of clinical response included body mass index (BMI), NZ Score, age, Kellgren score, and PHQ-9 score. c. Results: Preliminary analyses are completed for the 29 subjects who have completed the 3 month follow-up measures for this ongoing study. There are 16 responders and 13 non-responders. The method for determining therapeutic response is effective as evidenced by statistically significant differences between responders and non-responders for the total and all subscale KOOS scores (p < .05) except for the Sport/ Recreation subscale. Small sample size precluded multivariate logistic regression. Bivariate analysis revealed no statistically significant differences between responders and non-responders for age, BMI, Kellgren Score, NZ Score, PHQ-9, and baseline visual analogue scale pain rating. However, there is a significant effect of previous narcotic use on treatment response (X212.593, p.001) with 94% of responders having no history of narcotic use compared to only 31% of nonresponders who had no narcotic use. d. Conclusions: The hypothesized factors, to date, have not been useful to predict response but previous narcotic use has been a strong predictor of non-response. Small effect sizes of some potential predictor variables and the small sample size in this preliminary analysis may explain the lack of other statistically significant predictors. By study completion, it is anticipated that the sample size will provide adequate statistical power to perform multivariate analysis and determine whether there are indeed multiple predictors of response to viscosupplementation. ER  - 
Increased Risk of Cardiovaskuler Risk Factors in Psychiatric Disorders; Objective Panic disorder, schizophreina and major depressive disorders are mental disorders that the mechanisms underlying the pathophysiology are not well understood. Nitric oxide (NO) is a gas considered to play an important role in mediating anxiety and stress response in the body and brain. Homocysteine is an amino acid which naturally synthesized in the human body. Elevated levels of homocysteine are found to be related to cardiovascular risk factors and neurodegenerative diseases. In this study our aim is to examine NO, platelet aggregation and Hcy levels in panic disorder and depressive patients Material and Methods 19 panic disorder, 20 schizophreina and 18 major depressive patients were included in this study. NO levels were measured by Griess method spectrophotometrically, platelet aggregation levels were measured by aggregometer and homocysteine levels were measured by HPLC. Results We found NO levels were decreased signifi cantly in both patient group than in control subjects ( P <0.05). Homocysteine and platelet aggregation levels were significantly elevated in patients group than in control group ( P <0.05). Conclusion Nitric oxide is an endothelium derived relaxing factor that is important for blood pressure. We know that elevated homocysteine levels and platelet aggregation are risk factors for cardiovascular diseases. As a result of this study we conclude that cardovascular risk of panic disorder, schizophrenic and depresive patients are increased ER  - 
11th Turkish Neuroscience Congress; The proceedings contain 96 papers. The special focus in this conference is on Neuroscience. The topics include: Exploring the effect of melatonin on peripheral neuropathy in experimental diabetic rats by electrodermal activity; investigation the effects of memantine and melatonin treatment after traumatic brain injury in rats; effect of melatonin administration on pain threshold in hypertonic saline-induced myalgia model of exercise trained rats; anterior insular self-regulation in obsessive compulsive disorder using real-time functional magnetic resonance imaging; default mode network connectivity persistence during a motor paradigm; epileptic seizures-induced structural changes in rat spine tissues; hippocampal place cell activity is correlated with the future position of freely moving rats; epigenetic evaluation of the effects of alcohol on the fetal brain development; insight into hippocampus development during the first two postnatal months in control and fetal alcohol rats; gene expression changes in aging zebrafish (danio rerio) brains across lifespan; effects of resveratrol and resveratrol delivered in liposome on penicilin-induced brain epileptic activity in male rats; oxygen-glucose-deprivation-related neurodegeneration in acute brain slices and pharmacological applications; volumetric changes in magnetic resonance imaging in patients with major depressive disorder; serum anti-neuronal antibodies in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis; N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor NR1-NR2 subunit expression in hyperplastic thymus of an autoimmune encephalitis patient; ion channel and synapse antibodies for differential diagnosis of chronic neurodegenerative and psychiatric disorders; the relationship between oxidative stress and Bcl-2 in hippocampus of middle-aged rats; the relationship between oxidative stres and Sirt2 in serebral cortex of middle-aged; the effects of ingested sulfite on hippocampal oxidant/antioxidant capacities and activities of phospholipase A2 enzymes; increased risk of cardiovaskuler risk factors in psychiatric disorders; effect of cycloastragenol against amyloid beta toxicity; effects of maternally exposed food colourings on neurobehaviour in offspring; possible contribution of sulfite molecule on homocysteine toxicity in neuroblastoma cell line; antidepressant effects of infralimbic cortex ROCK inhibition in rats; spinal schwannoma case with atipic syptoms; chronic escitalopram treatment prevents long-term neuroplasticity impairment that develops in REM deprivation; subcellular translocation of Elk-1 protein upon hypoxia; effect of Pea3 transcription factor on differentiation of motor neurons; effects of antidepressants on contractile responses in rat aorta; effect of CDP-choline on disruption of prepulse inhibition (PPI) which is one of the biological markers of schizophrenia; the effect of mesenchymal stem cell transplantation in neuropathic mice; neural differentiation on bioactive peptide nanofiber scaffolds; feeding behavior might affect circadian rhythms with phase shift in gerbils; a bioloid robot implementation of computational basal ganglia circuit; the evaluation of pain threshold and behaviour in visceral pain model on rats; the effect of alcohol on MeCP2 protein during cerebral cortex development; the evaluation of pain threshold and behaviour in neuropathic pain model on rats; dose dependent effect of lidocaine on the nerve conduction rate of rat sciatic nerve; the efficiency of melatonin against peripheral neuropathy in streptozotocin induced diabetic rats; large-scale automated analysis of neuronal calcium transients; the mediation of central histaminergic receptors in arachidonic acid induced cardiovascular effects; effect of valproic acid on motor function in 6-hydroxydopamine treated parkinsonian rats; the relationship between cerebral lateralization and cardiac autonomic activity; application of new generation sequencing method for SCN1A screening; effects of mental stress on the control mechanisms of cutaneous blood flow; the effects of chronic escitalopram treatment on memory and mood changes in REM sleep deprivation; gender dependency of spatial memory in experimental hyperthyroidism model; effects of alpha-lipoic acid and N-acetylcysteine on acrylamide-induced toxicity; gender dimorphism induced by cold environment in hippocampal functions; the effects of neural circuits and biochemicals on human reasoning and decision making process; effects of different doses of carnosine on the sympathetic skin response and anxiety; impairment of hippocampal long-term potentiation by aluminum exposure in adult rats; kernel-based approaches for accurate spike sorting; interhemispheric transfer time in developmental dyslexia; effects of simvastatin on experimental neuropathic pain model and the role of nitric oxide; the investigation of the antinociceptive effect and mechanisms of action of acute curcumin application in mice; effects of kisspeptin infusion and aromatase inhibition on cognitive functions and behavior in female rats; effect of medication on auditory processing disorder and attention deficit disorder; the effect of magnetic field to VEGF and HIF-1 expression in hippocampus in febrile convulsive rats; effect of melatonin on substantia nigra cyclooxygenase, caspase-3, nuclear factor kappa-B in experimental Parkinson and the investigation of predisposition to psychosis in rat model of sepsis. ER  - 
A pharmacognostical review on Elaeocarpus sphaericus; In recent times, the use of herbal products has increased tremendously in the Western world as well as in developing countries. Elaeocarpus sphaericus (rudraksha) is a broad leaved tree, belonging to the family Elaeocarpeaceae found in tropical and subtropical areas. It is popular in an indigenous system of medicine like Ayurveda, Siddha and Unani. Traditionally rudraksha is used for the treatment of various ailments like stress, anxiety, depression, palpitation, nerve pain, and epilepsy, and migraine, lack of concentration, asthma, hypertension, arthritis and liver diseases. According to the ayurvedic medicinal system, wearing of rudraksha can have a positive effect on heart and nerves. Rudraksha contains indolizidine type of Alkaloids. Indolizidines are widely distributed in nature-in plants as well as in many animals. It also contains minerals, vitamins, steroids, flavanoids. Aqueous extract of leaves contains glycosides also. Ethanolic extract of leaves contains gallic acid, ellagic acid & quercetin. The present review summarizes our current knowledge of major phytoconstituents, clinical studies with major emphasis on traditional and pharmacological activities. This plant reported to display various biological activities like antihypertensive, antidepressant, anti-inflammatory, antimicrobial, analgesic, antidiabetic and antioxidant activity. In view of its wide pharmacological and biological activities, it seems to be having a great therapeutic potential. ER  - 
Health maintenance in women; The health maintenance examination is an opportunity to focus on disease prevention and health promotion. The patient history should include screening for tobacco use, alcohol misuse, intimate partner violence, and depression. Premenopausal women should receive preconception counseling and contraception as needed, and all women planning or capable of pregnancy should take 400 to 800 mcg of folic acid per day. High-risk sexually active women should be counseled on reducing the risk of sexually transmitted infections, and screened for chlamydia, gonorrhea, and syphilis. All women should be screened for human immunodeficiency virus. Adults should be screened for obesity and elevated blood pressure. Women 20 years and older should be screened for dyslipidemia if they are at increased risk of coronary heart disease. Those with sustained blood pressure greater than 135/80 mm Hg should be screened for type 2 diabetes mellitus. Women 55 to 79 years of age should take 75 mg of aspirin per day when the benefits of stroke reduction outweigh the increased risk of gastrointestinal hemorrhage. Women should begin cervical cancer screening by Papanicolaou test at 21 years of age, and if results have been normal, screening may be discontinued at 65 years of age or after total hysterectomy. Breast cancer screening with mammography may be considered in women 40 to 49 years of age based on patients' values, and potential benefits and harms. Mammography is recommended biennially in women 50 to 74 years of age. Women should be screened for colorectal cancer from 50 to 75 years of age. Osteoporosis screening is recommended in women 65 years and older, and in younger women with a similar risk of fracture. Adults should be immunized at recommended intervals according to guidelines from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Copyright © 2013 American Academy of Family Physicians. ER  - 
Metabolic profiling to identify potential serum biomarkers for gastric ulceration induced by nonsteroid anti-inflammatory drugs; Nonsteroid anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) are among the most frequently prescribed drugs currently available. The most frequently reported serious side effects associated with NSAIDs are gastric mucosal ulceration and gastric hemorrhage. Presently, these side effects are only detectable by endoscopy, however, and no biomarkers have yet been identified. The ability to identify serum biomarkers would likely improve the safety of NSAID use. In this study we performed capillary electrophoresis-mass spectrometry (CE-MS)-based metabolomic profiling in stomach extract and serum from rats administered NSAIDs. Results showed drug-induced decreases in levels of citrate, cis-aconitate, succinate, 3-hydroxy butanoic acid, o-acetyl carnitine, proline, and hydroxyproline. We consider that these changes are due to NSAID-induced depression of mitochondrial function and activation of collagenase by lesions in the stomach. In addition, four of these changes in metabolite levels in the stomach were significantly correlated with changes in the serum. While further study is needed to clarify the mechanism of change in the level of these biomarkers, limitation of indications, and extrapolation to humans, these new serum biomarker candidates of gastric injury may be useful in the monitoring of NSAID-induced tissue damage. © 2013 American Chemical Society. ER  - 
[Role of serine/threonine and tyrosine protein phosphatases in command Helix lucorum neurons at the cellular correlate of habituation].; Effects of some inhibitors of serine/threonine and tyrosine protein phosphatases on the depression and spontaneous recovery of the acetylcholine-induced inward current (ACh-current) in command Helix neurons of defensive behavior at the cellular correlate of habituation were investigated. The following drugs were used: okadaic acid (reduces activity ofphosphatases PP1 and PP2A), endothall (PP2A), cyclosporine A and cypermethrin (PP2B), CCT007093 (PPM1D), dephostatin (blocks tyrosine phosphatases). All used inhibitors modify the depression flow, and endothall reduces spontaneous recovery of ACh-current also. Obtained results indicate that changes in cholinosensitivity of command neurons depend on activity of all investigated protein phosphatases. Mathematical model considers the possibility of different localizations of receptors in a neuron and regularity of transitions between them. This model makes it possible to conclude participation indicated phosphatases in mobility of membrane cholinoreceptors ensuring the ACh-current modification at the cellular correlate of habituations. Comparison of experimental and calculated curves of ACh-current change allows to conclude that the main target of protein phosphatases is the transport system of a neuron--cytoskeleton and motor proteins. ER  - 
Predictors of temporary and permanent work disability in patients with inflammatory bowel disease: results of the swiss inflammatory bowel disease cohort study.; Inflammatory bowel disease can decrease the quality of life and induce work disability. We sought to (1) identify and quantify the predictors of disease-specific work disability in patients with inflammatory bowel disease and (2) assess the suitability of using cross-sectional data to predict future outcomes, using the Swiss Inflammatory Bowel Disease Cohort Study data. A total of 1187 patients were enrolled and followed up for an average of 13 months. Predictors included patient and disease characteristics and drug utilization. Potential predictors were identified through an expert panel and published literature. We estimated adjusted effect estimates with 95% confidence intervals using logistic and zero-inflated Poisson regression. Overall, 699 (58.9%) experienced Crohn's disease and 488 (41.1%) had ulcerative colitis. Most important predictors for temporary work disability in patients with Crohn's disease included gender, disease duration, disease activity, C-reactive protein level, smoking, depressive symptoms, fistulas, extraintestinal manifestations, and the use of immunosuppressants/steroids. Temporary work disability in patients with ulcerative colitis was associated with age, disease duration, disease activity, and the use of steroids/antibiotics. In all patients, disease activity emerged as the only predictor of permanent work disability. Comparing data at enrollment versus follow-up yielded substantial differences regarding disability and predictors, with follow-up data showing greater predictor effects. We identified predictors of work disability in patients with Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis. Our findings can help in forecasting these disease courses and guide the choice of appropriate measures to prevent adverse outcomes. Comparing cross-sectional and longitudinal data showed that the conduction of cohort studies is inevitable for the examination of disability. ER  - 
Axis II psychosocial findings predict effectiveness of TMJ hyaluronic acid injections; The objective was to investigate the correlation between levels of depression, somatization, and pain-related impairment, as assessed by the Research Diagnostic Criteria for Temporomandibular Disorders (RDC/TMDs) axis II, and the treatment outcome of a cycle of five weekly injections of hyaluronic acid immediately following arthrocentesis. 57 consecutive patients with a diagnosis of temporomandibular joint (TMJ) osteoarthritis according to the RDC/TMD underwent the treatment protocol and a follow-up assessment at 6 months. Axis II findings were assessed as potential predictors of improvement in visual analogue scale (VAS) values at the end of the observation period with respect to baseline. The percentage of VAS improvement at the end of treatment was inversely related to all the psychosocial variables. The best fitting model identified pain-related impairment (p < 0.001) and disability points (p < 0.001) as the most significant predictors of VAS changes. The percentage of variance in the outcome variable explained by the significant predictors was high (R2 70.5%). All the RDC/TMD axis II psychosocial scores (depression, somatization, and pain-related impairment levels) were inversely correlated with therapeutic outcome. The clinical relevance of these findings is important, since psychosocial diagnosis may be even more important than physical evaluation in terms of prognostic impact. © 2012 International Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons. ER  - 
Incidence and risk factors for burn wound cellulitis: 3-year analysis; Introduction: Any disruption of the skin barrier function can result in wound cellulitis. Thermal burns and donor sites are prone to these infections, but the incidence of cellulitis is not documented in the burn literature. At our burn center, patients do not receive prophylactic systemic antibiotics for acute burns. Wounds, which develop redness extending beyond the wound margin, are empirically treated with antibiotics directed against gram-positive organisms unless previous cultures suggest another type of organism. We reviewed all patients treated at our burn center for a three-year period to evaluate the incidence and risk factors of burn associated cellulitis. Methods: After IRB approval, all adult burn injuries treated at our facility, both in the hospital or as outpatients in the clinic or ER from January 2009 through December 2011, were reviewed. We included thermal, chemical and electrical injuries. We excluded patients who received prophylactic antibiotics from referring facilities, antibiotics for an indication other than cellulitis, and deaths <24 post-injury. Demographic data collected: age, sex, burn size and location, mechanism of injury, burn depth and comorbidities. Time from injury to onset of cellulitis and timing of burn wound excision were also included. Logistic regression analysis of comorbidities was performed. Results: There were 416 burn patients remaining after exclusions (347 inpatients, 69 outpatients). Overall median burn TBSA was 3.1%. Burn wound cellulitis was treated in 144 patients, for an overall incidence of 34.6%; 35.4% of hospitalized and 30.4% of outpatients. There were 26 (11.4%) donor site infections. Odds of developing cellulitis in lower extremity/foot burns are three times greater in comparison to all other body areas (OR = 3.1086, 95% CI 2.23-4.55, p<0.001) Two comorbidities were associated with an increased risk of developing cellulitis in at least one burned area: Obesity (OR = 2.07, 95% CI 1.06- 4.06, p=0.03), and depression/anxiety (OR = 2.06, 95% CI 1.22 - 3.49, p=0.007). No other demographic or timing data yielded significant correlations. Conclusions: These data demonstrate a high incidence of cellulitis associated burn injury and treatment. Burns involving the lower extremities, obese patients and those with depression/ anxiety are at higher risk. A prospective randomized trial investigating the use of prophylactic antibiotics in this high-risk cohort may be warranted. ER  - 
Prenatal omega-3 fatty acid supplementation reduces pro-inflammatory cytokine production in umbilical cord blood: A secondary analysis of the mothers, omega-3, & mental health study; Objective: Supplementation with eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) has been shown to modulate production of pro-inflammatory cytokines in healthy adults. In pregnancy, maternal dietary supplementation with DHA may reduce several inflammation-associated complications, including early preterm birth <34 weeks, neonatal seizures, and neonatal brain injury. Our objective was to investigate the effect of prenatal DHA- and EPA-rich fish oil supplementation on maternal and fetal cytokine production. Methods: We enrolled 126 women at risk for depression in a trial of prenatal supplementation with EPA-rich fish oil (1060 mg EPA plus 274 mg DHA), DHA-rich fish oil (900 mg DHA plus 180 mg EPA), or soy oil placebo. Maternal blood was collected at enrollment (12-20 weeks gestation) and after supplementation (34-36 weeks gestation). Umbilical cord blood was collected at delivery from 102 neonates. Plasma aliquots were prepared by centrifugation and were stored at -80 degrees C. We analyzed 341 plasma specimens for 16 human cytokines using multiplex immunoassays. Results: Prenatal supplementation had no significant effect on maternal cytokine profiles. By contrast, supplementation with EPA- or DHA-rich fish oil significantly lowered cord plasma concentrations of the pro-inflammatory cytokines IL 1α (P<0.05), IL 1β (P<0.01), IL6 (P<0.05), and IFN γ (P<0.05). Conclusions: Maternal fish oil supplementation significantly reduced production of several pro-inflammatory cytokines in the fetal compartment. Future research should investigate the pathways underlying this immune-modulating effect. ER  - 
Polyunsaturated fatty acids and their related enzymes in postmortem brain tissues of patients with psychiatric disorders; The first study on fatty acid composition of the postmortem brains of patients with psychiatric disorders was performed by Horrobin et al. in 1991, who found abnormalities in polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in patients with schizophrenia. About a decade later, research in this field was re-started by Yao et al., followed by a number of other research groups. The results seem to show that the PUFA changes in psychiatric disorders may be specific to certain brain regions, but the underlying mechanisms remain unclear. Here we review these case-control studies of postmortem brain composition. © 2013 Bentham Science Publishers. ER  - 
Folic acid prevents depressive-like behavior and hippocampal antioxidant imbalance induced by restraint stress in mice; Experimental and epidemiological studies have shown the close relationship between stressful events, depression, and cognitive impairment. Folic acid has been reported to present antidepressant-like effects in both experimental and clinical approaches. However, the mechanisms mediating such effects are not understood. In the present study, we evaluated if folic acid administration to mice could protect against restraint stress-induced depressive-like behavior and cognitive deficit. Considering that oxidative stress has been pointed as a key event involved with depressive disorders, cerebrocortical and hippocampal oxidative stress-related parameters, such as the activities of antioxidant enzymes (mainly those related to the hydroperoxide-detoxifying system) and markers of lipid peroxidation, were also investigated. Restraint stress induced depressive-like behavior in the forced swimming test and memory impairment in the object recognition test, without altering locomotor activity of mice. Folic acid (50. mg/kg, p.o.) was able to prevent the stress-induced increase on immobility time in the forced swimming test, but did not prevent memory impairment. Moreover, restraint stress increased thiobarbituric acid reactive substance levels, and catalase, glutathione peroxidase and glutathione reductase activities in the cerebral cortex and hippocampus, and superoxide dismutase activity in the hippocampus. Folic acid treatment restored the activity of the antioxidant enzymes and reduced lipid peroxidation in the hippocampus. Glutathione, a non-enzymatic antioxidant, was not altered by stress and/or folic acid administration. Together, the results of the present work reinforce the notion that folic acid displays a specific antidepressant profile in the restraint stress paradigm that may be at least partly due to its antioxidant role. © 2012 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
A variant of the neuronal amino acid transporter SLC6A15 is associated with ACTH and cortisol responses and cognitive performance in unipolar depression; Major depressive disorder (MDD) is accompanied by both cognitive impairments and a hyperactivity of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenocortical (HPA) system, resulting in an enhanced glucocorticoid secretion. Cortisol acts via mineralocorticoid and glucocorticoid receptors densely located in the hippocampus, a brain area that is important regarding cognitive functions and especially memory functions. Recently, a variant (rs1545843) affecting transcription of the human SLC6A15 gene has been associated with depression in a genome-wide association study. In an animal model, the neuronal amino acid transporter SLC6A15 was found to be decreased in stress-susceptible mice. Against the background of stress impacting on the activity of the HPA axis, we have investigated alterations of adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH) and cortisol secretion in the combined dexamethasone/corticotrophin-releasing hormone (Dex/CRH) test as well as memory and attention performance in a sample of 248 patients with unipolar depression and 172 healthy control subjects genotyped for rs1545843. MDD patients carrying the depression-associated AA genotype showed enhanced maximum and area under the curve ACTH and cortisol answers (p = 0.03) as well as an impaired memory and impaired sustained attention performance (p = 0.04) compared to carriers of at least one G allele. No effects of the SLC6A15 variant were found in the healthy control group. Our findings argue for a role of the SLC6A15 gene in ACTH and cortisol secretion during the Dex/CRH test and furthermore in the occurrence of cognitive impairments in unipolar depression. © 2011 CINP. ER  - 
Psychiatric emergencies (part II): psychiatric disorders coexisting with organic diseases.; In this Part II psychiatric disorders coexisting with organic diseases are discussed. "Comorbidity phenomenon" defines the not univocal interrelation between medical illnesses and psychiatric disorders, each other negatively influencing morbidity and mortality. Most severe psychiatric disorders, such as schizophrenia, bipolar disorder and depression, show increased prevalence of cardiovascular disease, related to poverty, use of psychotropic medication, and higher rate of preventable risk factors such as smoking, addiction, poor diet and lack of exercise. Moreover, psychiatric and organic disorders can develop together in different conditions of toxic substance and prescription drug use or abuse, especially in the emergency setting population. Different combinations with mutual interaction of psychiatric disorders and substance use disorders are defined by the so called "dual diagnosis". The hypotheses that attempt to explain the psychiatric disorders and substance abuse relationship are examined: (1) common risk factors; (2) psychiatric disorders precipitated by substance use; (3) psychiatric disorders precipitating substance use (self-medication hypothesis); and (4) synergistic interaction. Diagnostic and therapeutic difficulty concerning the problem of dual diagnosis, and legal implications, are also discussed. Substance induced psychiatric and organic symptoms can occur both in the intoxication and withdrawal state. Since ancient history, humans selected indigene psychotropic plants for recreational, medicinal, doping or spiritual purpose. After the isolation of active principles or their chemical synthesis, higher blood concentrations reached predispose to substance use, abuse and dependence. Abuse substances have specific molecular targets and very different acute mechanisms of action, mainly involving dopaminergic and serotoninergic systems, but finally converging on the brain's reward pathways, increasing dopamine in nucleus accumbens. The most common substances producing an addiction status may be assembled in depressants (alcohol, benzodiazepines, opiates), stimulants (cocaine, amphetamines, nicotine, caffeine, modafinil), hallucinogens (mescaline, LSD, ecstasy) and other substances (cannabis, dissociatives, inhalants). Anxiety disorders can occur in intoxication by stimulants, as well as in withdrawal syndrome, both by stimulants and sedatives. Substance induced mood disorders and psychotic symptoms are as much frequent conditions in ED, and the recognition of associated organic symptoms may allow to achieve diagnosis. Finally, psychiatric and organic symptoms may be caused by prescription and doping medications, either as a direct effect or after withdrawal. Adverse drug reactions can be divided in type A, dose dependent and predictable, including psychotropic drugs and hormones; and type B, dose independent and unpredictable, usually including non psychotropic drugs, more commonly included being cardiovascular, antibiotics, anti-inflammatory and antineoplastic medications. ER  - 
Bacteriology of infected burn wounds in the burn wards of a teaching hospital in Southwest Nigeria; Background: Burns are characterized by the loss of varying proportions of the protective layers of the skin, depression of immune responses, and increased wound susceptibility to infection. Wound infection is a major cause of morbidity and mortality in burn cases. This study characterizes those factors that predispose burn wounds to infection and the bacteriology of the microorganisms in our environment. Patients and methods: Prospective study of burns patients that were admitted and treated at the Lagos State University Teaching Hospital (LASUTH), Ikeja-Lagos, Nigeria between January 1 and May 31, 2010 was carried out. Information about the demographics, aetiology/mechanism of burns, interval between the time of injury and admission, microbial studies, and antibiotic therapy were collected and analyzed. Results: A total of 74 patients consisting of 43 males and 31 females were seen. The ages range between one week and 95 ± 22.42 years. Wound infections were confirmed in 28 patients (infection rate of 37.84 per 100 patients). Delayed presentation at LASUTH and length of hospital stay were significantly related to the development of wound infection. Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Proteus mirabilis were the most common infective organisms occurring in 53.6 and 10.7 percentages respectively. The isolated organisms were resistant to the beta-lactam antibiotics and mostly sensitive to carbapenem and aztreonam preparations. Conclusion: Factors predisposing to invasive wound infections in our environment were highlighted and suggestions made on methods that could reduce the infections and thus reduce morbidity and mortality in burns. © 2012 Elsevier Ltd and ISBI. ER  - 
Determinants of fatigue in Crohn's disease patients; OBJECTIVE: Crohn's disease (CD) is often associated with severe fatigue. Little is known about patients who may be at the highest risk for fatigue. Therefore, we assessed the disease phenotype and factors related to fatigue in the presence of CD in two different populations. METHODS: Patients presenting at the clinic of a referral hospital and a general hospital were included in the study. They completed questionnaires including the Checklist Individual Strength, the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale, a questionnaire on disease activity, and one on medication use. The Montreal classification and sociodemographics were obtained from medical records. Hemoglobin and C-reactive protein levels were measured at baseline. RESULTS: In total, 425 patients were included (276 women, mean age: 42 years). Compared with patients from the general hospital, patients at the referral hospital had worse disease activity, worse disease behavior, more bowel resections, and a higher percentage of side-effects to medication and use of anti-tumor necrosis factor (TNF). The prevalence of fatigue was significantly higher in the referral patients compared with the general patients (65.7 vs. 52.5%, respectively; P=0.01). Similar results were found in patients in remission (53.3 vs. 40.5%; P=0.061). Factors related to fatigue were the use of anti-TNF at baseline, side-effects to 5-aminosalicylic acid, disease activity, female sex, and shorter disease duration. Furthermore, we found improvement in fatigue and a trend toward lower disease activity after 1 year of anti-TNF use. CONCLUSION: A high percentage of CD patients suffer from fatigue. As a more aggressive phenotype seems to be associated with more severe fatigue and patients in remission still suffer from fatigue, a multidimensional approach for fatigue is warranted in these patients. © 2013 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Body image and psychological outcome after severe skin and soft tissue infection requiring intensive care; Background Patients with severe skin and soft tissue infection (SSTI) requiring intensive care unit (ICU) stay are commonly treated with antibiotics, surgery and in some centers also with hyperbaric oxygen therapy. Long-term follow-up of body image and psychological outcome has not been described despite extensive surgery, potentially altered body image and subsequent psychological problems. The aim was to describe perceived body image and its relation to anxiety, depression and post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)-related symptoms in patients with severe SSTI 1 year after ICU stay. Specifically, we aimed to assess potential differences related to gender and anatomic site of infection. Methods Fifty patients treated for severe SSTI in the General ICU, Karolinska University Hospital 2008-2010 received the body image scale (BIS), impact of event scale (IES), and hospital anxiety and depression scale (HADS) 1 year after ICU discharge. Results Abdominoperineal SSTI was associated with more body image problems than other anatomic sites of infection in both men and women. Generally, women reported higher BIS scores than men (median 9.5 vs. 3.0 of total 30, P < 0.03) indicating more negative body image. A substantial number of patients reported scar dissatisfaction (63.9%), body dissatisfaction (51.1%) and body feeling less whole (51.0%). BIS scores correlated with HADS anxiety (r = 0.59, P < 0.01), depression (r = 0.60, P < 0.01) and IES (r = 0.61, P < 0.01) scores. Conclusion One year after severe SSTI requiring intensive care, women and patients with abdominoperineal SSTI reported significantly more body image problems. Negative body image was associated with anxiety, depression and PTSD-related symptoms. Specific follow-up for SSTI patients is warranted. © 2012 The Authors. Acta Anaesthesiologica Scandinavica © 2012 The Acta Anaesthesiologica Scandinavica Foundation. ER  - 
P-glycoprotein function in peripheral blood mononuclear cells in renal transplant recipients: Sex and race influences; BACKGROUND: P-glycoprotein (P-gp), an ABC transporter expressed in liver, gut, kidney and peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs), modulates tacrolimus pharmacokinetics, intracellular pharmacology, and adverse effects (AE) impacting overall patient response. No data assessing P-gp function in PBMC during tacrolimus immunosuppression over a 12-hour dosing interval in African American (AA) and Caucasian (C) male (M) and female (F) renal transplant recipients (RTR) has been reported. METHODS: This pharmacology study assessed P-gp function in PBMC in 22 AAM, 14 AAF and 16 CM and 16 CF stable RTR receiving tacrolimus and mycophenolic acid immunosuppression. The P-gp function was quantified by flow cytometric measurement of cyclosporine (CYA, 2.5 μM) -reversible efflux of the P-gp substrate, DiOC2(3) by % change Mean Fluorescent Intensity (MFI) with CYA (% ΔMFI-CYA) at tacrolimus trough (0 hours), 4, 8 and 12 hours. A 50% increase in %ΔMFI-CYA correlates with significant P-gp function based on P-gp-expressing cell line models. Selected TAC AEs including tremor, myopathy, headache, insomnia, and depression were assessed using objective rating criteria. RESULTS: The % ΔMFI-CYA reported as mean (standard deviation) is below: The % ΔMFI-CYA was a significant covariate (P=0.007) for selected tacrolimus AE. No difference over dosing interval was found. CONCLUSION: P-gp function in PBMC demonstrated race and race x sex influences among AA and Caucasian RTR. Measurement of P-glycoprotein function may be a clinical surrogate marker to assess interpatient variability in intracellular and extracellular tacrolimus pharmacology and enhance clinical monitoring. (Table presented). ER  - 
The influence of COX-1/COX-2 inhibitors on the Na/Li-countertransport and Na,K,2Cl-cotransport in erythrocytes of rats with experimental colitis; Background: Ulcerative colitis is a chronic inflammatory disease, accompanied by acute increase of lipoperoxidation processes, causing the damage of cell membrane and ion exchange disorders. It is known, that the inflammatory process are characterized by increased expression of COX-1/COX-2 isoforms. The aim of present study was to investigate the activity of Na/Li-countertransport and Na,K,2Cl-cotransport in erythrocytes of rats with experimental colitis and to determine their succeptibility to the influence of COX-1/COX-2 and selective COX-2 blockage. Methods: 40 male rats were divided into 4 groups: 1st control rats (n = 10); 2nd rats with acetic acid-induced colitis (n = 10); 3rd (n = 10) and 4th (n = 10) groups included the rats, exposed to the effect of COX-1/COX-2 inhibitor indomethacin and selective COX-2 inhibitor celecoxib dosed 10 mg/kg b.w. twice before the induction of colitis and a day after. The activity of Na/Li-countertransport as a membrane function, which exchanges intracellular Na for extracellular Li and Na,K,2Cl cotransport in erythrocytes of rats were assessed, using standard pharmacokinetic methodics (Canessa M., 1989). Results: The increase of the standard Na/Li countertransport activity was revealed in rats with experimental colitis (3.86±0.26 mmol Na+ × L cells(-1) × h(-1) vs. 2.98±0.39 mmol Na+ × L cells(-1) × h(-1) in control group, P < 0.05). The nonsignificant decrease of Na,K,2Clcotransport activity was observed between measurements obtained in control group and in acetic acid-induced colitis (8.56±0.71 mmol Na+ × L cells(-1) × h(-1) vs. 7.92±0.58 mmol Na+ × L cells(-1) × h(-1) accordingly). The effect of indomethacin caused depression of velocity of Na/Licountertransport in erythrocytes of rats with experimental colitis but it induced ulcerative lesions of the gastrointestinal tract. The effect of celecoxib caused normalization of Natransporting function of erythrocytes and cell ion homeostasis. Conclusions: Experimental colitis caused increased permeability of erythrocyte membrane for the ions and changes of quabaininsensitive Na-transport mechanisms. Selective COX-2 inhibition by celecoxib showed effective anti-inflammatory effect and corrected the disorders of Na-transporting systems as well as decreased the level of oxidative stress in blood. ER  - 
Poor sucking as a presantation of septo optic dysplasia; Case Report: A term male, AGA, was born via SVD to a 19 YO, white female with <2 P0 with uncomplicated pregnancy & labor. APGARS were 3, 6, & 8 at 1, 5, & 10 minutes. Baby required brief initial respiratory support with CPAP and was able to be weaned to room air in 2 days. PE was normal except for umbilical hernia & penile length of 1.9 - 2 cm. He has persistent indirect hyperbilirubinemia. Poor sucking was the main complained & feeding maintained mainly by gavage. TSH, serum amino acids & urine organic acid were normal. CT head showed absent septum pellucidum. MRI also showed ectopic posterior pituitary & left optic nerve hypoplasia. Work up for panhypopituitarism showed central hypothyroidism & secondary adrenal insufficiency. New born screen were normal. Baby was started on Levothyroxyl & Hydrocortisone. After 2 days there were an obvious improvement of baby alertness, sucking & was able to achieve full PO feeding in one week. Discussion: Septo optic dysplasia (SOD) is a syndrome characterized by optic nerve hypoplasia, midline forebrain defects & pituitary hypoplasia with variable hypopituitarism usually present with hypoglycemia. We report a case of SOD presented with unexplained persistent weak sucking with an initial brief neonatal depression. Baby's symptoms were secondary to the hormone deficiency. Secondary hypothyroidism is rarely picked up with the state of screen. Hormone replacement is very important for survival, & normal mental development. Multidisciplinary care is mandatory. Association with HESX1 gene is found in rare genetic form. Poor sucking needs to be investigated!!! (Figure Presented). ER  - 
Dietary fatty acid intake does not interact with the association between tumor necrosis factor-α soluble receptors and incident hip fracture in the women's health initiative; Background: Inflammatory biomarkers, tumor necrosis factor-a soluble receptor (TNFa-sR) 1 and 2 are positively associated with incident hip and total fracture. Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) are inversely associated with these markers of inflammation and could modify this association. Methods: A nested case-control study from the Women's Health Initiative Clinical Trial and Observational Study of hip fracture cases and matched controls (400 pairs matched on age, year of enrollment, randomization to hormone therapy or self-reported hormone use). The outcome variable was centrally adjudicated incident hip fracture. Predictors were baseline serum TNFa-sR1 and TNFa-sR2 concentration. Candidate effect modifiers were dietary intake of fatty acids determined by baseline Food Frequency Questionnaire: saturated fatty acids, mono-unsaturated fatty acids (MUFA), poly-unsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), total n-3 fatty acids, total n-6 fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), and alpha linoleic acid (ALA). Data were analyzed using logistic regression models accounting for the paired design. Models were adjusted for hip fracture risk (composite FRAX score), other nutritional variables (total calcium intake, total vitamin D intake, total energy intake, total protein intake, multivitamin use) and factors impacting inflammation (NSAID use, arthritis, depression). Results: Highest quartile of TNFa-sR1 and TNFa-sR2 were associated with greater risk of incident hip fracture in the fully adjusted base model (Table). The sample size decreased from the initial 400 pairs after exclusion of subjects with missing data and the consequent occurrence of partial pairs, yielding a final sample of 290 and 285 pairs for TNFa-sR1 and TNFa-sR2, respectively. These associations were confirmed using tests for linear trend (p for trend, 0.0069 and 0.0010 for TNFa-sR1 and TNFa-sR2, respectively). Testing the association of incident hip fracture using log TNFa-sR1 and log TNFa-sR2 as predictor also showed significant results (p=0.0055 and p=0.0034, respectively). Addition of fatty acid intakes into the fully adjusted model did not alter quartile-specific hip fracture risk (all changes <10%). Conclusion: Highest baseline quartiles of TNFa-sR1 and TNFa-sR2 were associated with greater adjusted risk of incident hip fracture, but dietary fatty acid intakes did not modulate this association, perhaps related to limited narrow range of fatty acid intakes. ER  - 
Tachikawa project for prevention of posttraumatic stress disorder with polyunsaturated fatty acid (TPOP): Study protocol for a randomized controlled trial; Background: Preclinical and clinical studies suggest that supplementation with omega-3 fatty acids after trauma might reduce subsequent posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD). To date, we have shown in an open trial that PTSD symptoms in critically injured patients can be reduced by taking omega-3 fatty acids, hypothesized to stimulate hippocampal neurogenesis. The primary aim of the present randomized controlled trial is to examine the efficacy of omega-3 fatty acid supplementation in the secondary prevention of PTSD following accidental injury, as compared with placebo. This paper describes the rationale and protocol of this trial.Methods/design: The Tachikawa Project for Prevention of Posttraumatic Stress Disorder with Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid (TPOP) is a double-blinded, parallel group, randomized controlled trial to assess whether omega-3 fatty acid supplementation can prevent PTSD symptoms among accident-injured patients consecutively admitted to an intensive care unit. We plan to recruit accident-injured patients and follow them prospectively for 12 weeks. Enrolled patients will be randomized to either the omega-3 fatty acid supplement group (1,470 mg docosahexaenoic acid and 147 mg eicosapentaenoic acid daily) or placebo group. Primary outcome is score on the Clinician-Administered PTSD Scale (CAPS). We will need to randomize 140 injured patients to have 90% power to detect a 10-point difference in mean CAPS scores with omega-3 fatty acid supplementation compared with placebo. Secondary measures are diagnosis of PTSD and major depressive disorder, depressive symptoms, physiologic response in the experiment using script-driven imagery and acoustic stimulation, serum brain-derived neurotrophic factor, health-related quality of life, resilience, and aggression. Analyses will be by intent to treat. The trial was initiated on December 13 2008, with 104 subjects randomized by November 30 2012.Discussion: This study promises to be the first trial to provide a novel prevention strategy for PTSD among traumatized people. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier NCT00671099. © 2013 Matsuoka et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Pharmacological blockade of gap junctions induces repetitive surging of extracellular potassium within the locust CNS; The maintenance of cellular ion homeostasis is crucial for optimal neural function and thus it is of great importance to understand its regulation. Glial cells are extensively coupled by gap junctions forming a network that is suggested to serve as a spatial buffer for potassium (K+) ions. We have investigated the role of glial spatial buffering in the regulation of extracellular K+ concentration ([K+]o) within the locust metathoracic ganglion by pharmacologically inhibiting gap junctions. Using K+-sensitive microelectrodes, we measured [K+]o near the ventilatory neuropile while simultaneously recording the ventilatory rhythm as a model of neural circuit function. We found that blockade of gap junctions with either carbenoxolone (CBX), 18β-glycyrrhetinic acid (18β-GA) or meclofenamic acid (MFA) reliably induced repetitive [K+]o surges and caused a progressive impairment in the ability to maintain baseline [K+]o levels throughout the treatment period. We also show that a low dose of CBX that did not induce surging activity increased the vulnerability of locust neural tissue to spreading depression (SD) induced by Na+/K+-ATPase inhibition with ouabain. CBX pre-treatment increased the number of SD events induced by ouabain and hindered the recovery of [K+]o back to baseline levels between events. Our results suggest that glial spatial buffering through gap junctions plays an essential role in the regulation of [K+]o under normal conditions and also contributes to a component of [K+]o clearance following physiologically elevated levels of [K+]o. © 2013 Elsevier Ltd. ER  - 
What is behind the non-antibiotic properties of minocycline?; Minocycline is a second-generation, semi-synthetic tetracycline that has been in use in therapy for over 30 years for its antibiotic properties against both Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria. It displays antibiotic activity due to its ability to bind to the 30S ribosomal subunit of bacteria and thus inhibit protein synthesis. More recently, it has been described to exert a variety of biological actions beyond its antimicrobial activity, including anti-inflammatory and anti-apoptotic activities, inhibition of proteolysis, as well as suppression of angiogenesis and tumor metastasis, which have been confirmed in different experimental models of non-infectious diseases. There are also many studies that have focused on the mechanisms involved in these non-antibiotic properties of minocycline, including anti-oxidant activity, inhibition of several enzyme activities, inhibition of apoptosis and regulation of immune cell activation and proliferation. This review summarizes the current findings in this topic, mainly focusing on the mechanisms underlying the immunomodulatory and anti-inflammatory activities of minocycline. © 2012 Elsevier Ltd. ER  - 
A randomized controlled trial of the tumor necrosis factor antagonist infliximab for treatment-resistant depression: The role of baseline inflammatory biomarkers; Context: Increased concentrations of inflammatory biomarkers predict antidepressant nonresponse, and inflammatory cytokines can sabotage and circumvent themechanisms of action of conventional antidepressants. Objectives: To determine whether inhibition of the inflammatory cytokine tumor necrosis factor (TNF) reduces depressive symptoms in patients with treatmentresistant depression and whether an increase in baseline plasma inflammatory biomarkers, including highsensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), TNF, and its soluble receptors, predicts treatment response. Design: Double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized clinical trial. Setting: Outpatient infusion center at Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia. Participants : A total of 60 medically stable outpatients with major depression who were either on a consistent antidepressant regimen (n=37) or medicationfree (n=23) for 4 weeks or more and who were moderately resistant to treatment as determined by the Massachusetts General Hospital Staging method. Interventions: Three infusions of the TNF antagonist infliximab (5 mg/kg) (n=30) or placebo (n=30) at baseline and weeks 2 and 6 of a 12-week trial. Main Outcome Measures: The 17-item Hamilton Scale for Depression (HAM-D) scores. Results: No overall difference in change of HAM-D scores between treatment groups across time was found. However, there was a significant interaction between treatment, time, and log baseline hs-CRP concentration (P =.01), with change in HAM-D scores (baseline to week 12) favoring infliximab-treated patients at a baseline hs-CRP concentration greater than 5 mg/L and favoring placebo-treated patients at a baseline hs-CRP concentration of 5 mg/L or less. Exploratory analyses focusing on patients with a baseline hs-CRP concentration greater than 5 mg/L revealed a treatment response (≥50% reduction in HAM-D score at any point during treatment) of 62% (8 of 13 patients) in infliximab-treated patients vs 33% (3 of 9 patients) in placebo-treated patients (P =.19). Baseline concentrations of TNF and its soluble receptors were significantly higher in infliximab-treated responders vs nonresponders (P < .05), and infliximab-treated responders exhibited significantly greater decreases in hs-CRP from baseline to week 12 compared with placebo-treated responders (P < .01). Dropouts and adverse events were limited and did not differ between groups. Conclusions: This proof-of-concept study suggests that TNF antagonism does not have generalized efficacy in treatment-resistant depression but may improve depressive symptoms in patients with high baseline inflammatory biomarkers. ©2013 American Medical Association. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Red blood cell omega-3 fatty acid levels and neurocognitive performance in deployed U.S. Servicemembers; Objective: To explore the cross-sectional relationships between blood eicosapentaenoic acid + docosahexaenoic acid (HSOmega-3 Index®) and sleep disorders, depression, anxiety, and neurocognitive performance in Servicemembers deployed to Iraq. Methods: Servicemembers with mild-to-moderate depression by the Patient Health Questionnarie-9 from two US military camps were invited to participate in this study. A battery of validated psychosocial (Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index, and Zung Depression, Zung Anxiety, Epworth Sleepiness, and Combat Experiences scales) and computerized neurocognitive tests were completed by each participant. Five neurocognitive domain scores were calculated - Processing Speed, Complex Attention, Reaction Time, Cognitive Flexibility (CF), and Executive Function (EF). A drop of blood was also collected on an anti-oxidant-treated filter paper card and sent for HS-Omega-3 Index® analysis. An analysis of variance contrast was used to test for linear trends between quartiles of the HS-Omega-3 Index® for both EF and CF. Results: The mean HS-Omega-3 Index® was 3.5 ± 0.7% (n = 78). The HS-Omega-3 Index ® was not significantly associated with scores for anxiety, depression, or sleep, whether assessed as continuous or dichotomous variables, but was directly associated with CF and EF (P < 0.02 and 0.01, respectively), especially in the 81% who reported poor sleep quality. In those with poor sleep quality (n = 63), EF and CF were higher (P = 0.005) in subjects with Omega-3 levels above versus below the mean. Conclusion: Optimal neurocognitive performance is essential during deployment. Our finding that EF and CF were positively related to HS-Omega-3 Index® suggests that improving omega-3 status through an increase in omega-3 intake may improve neurocognitive performance and confer an element of resilience to poor sleep. © W.S. Maney & Son Ltd 2013. ER  - 
A randomized controlled trial of the tumor necrosis factor antagonist infliximab for treatment-resistant depression: The role of baseline inflammatory biomarkers; Context: Increased concentrations of inflammatory biomarkers predict antidepressant nonresponse, and inflammatory cytokines can sabotage and circumvent the mechanisms of action of conventional antidepressants. Objectives: To determine whether inhibition of the inflammatory cytokine tumor necrosis factor (TNF) reduces depressive symptoms in patients with treatmentresistant depression and whether an increase in baseline plasma inflammatory biomarkers, including highsensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), TNF, and its soluble receptors, predicts treatment response. Design: Double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized clinical trial. Setting: Outpatient infusion center at Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia. Participants: A total of 60 medically stable outpatients with major depression who were either on a consistent antidepressant regimen (n=37) or medicationfree (n=23) for 4 weeks or more and who were moderately resistant to treatment as determined by the Massachusetts General Hospital Staging method. Interventions: Three infusions of the TNF antagonist infliximab (5 mg/kg) (n=30) or placebo (n=30) at baseline and weeks 2 and 6 of a 12-week trial. Main Outcome Measures: The 17-item Hamilton Scale for Depression (HAM-D) scores. Results: No overall difference in change of HAM-D scores between treatment groups across time was found. However, there was a significant interaction between treatment, time, and log baseline hs-CRP concentration (P=.01), with change in HAM-D scores (baseline to week 12) favoring infliximab-treated patients at a baseline hs-CRP concentration greater than 5 mg/L and favoring placebo-treated patients at a baseline hs-CRP concentration of 5 mg/L or less. Exploratory analyses focusing on patients with a baseline hs-CRP concentration greater than 5 mg/L revealed a treatment response (>50% reduction in HAM-D score at any point during treatment) of 62% (8 of 13 patients) in infliximab-treated patients vs 33% (3 of 9 patients) in placebo-treated patients (P=.19). Baseline concentrations of TNF and its soluble receptors were significantly higher in infliximab-treated responders vs nonresponders (P<.05), and infliximab-treated responders exhibited significantly greater decreases in hs-CRP from baseline to week 12 compared with placebotreated responders (P<.01). Dropouts and adverse events were limited and did not differ between groups. Conclusions: This proof-of-concept study suggests that TNF antagonism does not have generalized efficacy in treatment-resistant depression but may improve depressive symptoms in patients with high baseline inflammatory biomarkers. © 2013 American Medical Association. ER  - 
Cyclic parenteral nutrition does not change the intestinal microbiota in patients with short bowel syndrome; PURPOSE: To characterize of the intestinal microbiota of patients with short bowel syndrome (SBS) admitted to the Metabolic Unit of a University Hospital. METHODS: Fecal samples were evaluated, and biochemical tests were conducted only in the case of SBS patients. The nutritional status was assessed via anthropometric measurements and evaluation of food intake by means of a food questionnaire. The pathogenic strains were detected with the aid of cultures and specific biochemical tests in aerobic medium, for determination of species belonging to the Family enterobacteriaceae. Anti-sera were applied to each isolated E. coli strain, for determination of their possible pathogenicity. Molecular methodology was employed for establishment of the intestinal bacterial microbiota profile. RESULTS: A lower amount of microorganisms of the family enterobacteriaceae per gram of stool was observed in the case of patients with SBS. However, molecular analysis showed maintenance of the bacterial species ratio, which is equivalent to a healthy intestinal microbiota. CONCLUSION: Despite the massive removal of the small bowel, frequent use of antibiotics, immune system depression, presence of non-digested food in the gastrointestinal tract, and accelerated intestinal transit, the ratio between intestinal bacterial species remain similar to normality. ER  - 
Mitochondrial modulators for bipolar disorder: A pathophysiologically informed paradigm for new drug development; Objectives: Bipolar patients frequently relapse within 12 months of their previous mood episode, even in the context of adequate treatment, suggesting that better continuation and maintenance treatments are needed. Based on recent research of the pathophysiology of bipolar disorder, we review the evidence for mitochondrial dysregulation and selected mitochondrial modulators (MM) as potential treatments. Methods: We reviewed the literature about mitochondrial dysfunction and potential MMs worthy of study that could improve the course of bipolar disorder, reduce subsyndromal symptoms, and prevent subsequent mood episodes. Results: MM treatment targets mitochondrial dysfunction, oxidative stress, altered brain energy metabolism and the dysregulation of multiple mitochondrial genes in patients with bipolar disorder. Several tolerable and readily available candidates include N-acetyl-cysteine (NAC), acetyl-L-carnitine (ALCAR), S-adenosylmethionine (SAMe), coenzyme Q10 (CoQ10), alpha-lipoic acid (ALA), creatine monohydrate (CM), and melatonin. The specific metabolic pathways by which these MMs may improve the symptoms of bipolar disorder are discussed and combinations of selected MMs could be of interest as well. Conclusions: Convergent data implicate mitochondrial dysfunction as an important component of the pathophysiology of bipolar disorder. Clinical trials of individual MMs as well as combinations are warranted. © The Royal Australian and New Zealand College of Psychiatrists 2012. ER  - 
Influence of ferulic acid on the pain-depression dyad induced by reserpine; This study is to offer a clinical pain-depression dyad therapy of ferulic acid, the pain-depression dyad induced by reserpine was established and the dose-effect relationship of ferulic acid on ameliorating pain-depression dyad was explored. Mice were randomly divided into control group, reserpine + vechile and reserpine + ferulic acid (5, 10, 20, 40 and 80 mg·kg-1) groups. The reserpine treated mice were tested with thermal hyperalgesia, mechanicial allodynia and forced swimming tests, and the SOD and NO levels of hippocampus and frontal cortex were measured. Moreover, the HPLC-ECD was used to detect the changes of central monoamines concentrations. Compared with control group, reserpine can induce a significant decrease in the nociceptive threshold and increase in the immobility time of the forced swimming test. The results suggested that reserpine significantly increased the level of nitrite in hippocampus and frontal cortex and reduced the levels of SOD, 5-HT and NE in these two brain regions. However, these indexes can be a dose-dependently reversed by ferulic acid (5, 10, 20, 40 and 80 mg·kg-1). Ferulic acid can reverse pain-depression dyad, especially at the dose of 80 mg·kg-1. In addition, it can influence oxidative stress and monoamine level. ER  - 
Neurosteroids, stress and depression: Potential therapeutic opportunities; Neurosteroids are potent and effective neuromodulators that are synthesized from cholesterol in the brain. These agents and their synthetic derivatives influence the function of multiple signaling pathways including receptors for γ-aminobutyric acid (GABA) and glutamate, the major inhibitory and excitatory neurotransmitters in the central nervous system (CNS). Increasing evidence indicates that dysregulation of neurosteroid production plays a role in the pathophysiology of stress and stress-related psychiatric disorders, including mood and anxiety disorders. In this paper, we review the mechanisms of neurosteroid action in brain with an emphasis on those neurosteroids that potently modulate the function of GABAA receptors. We then discuss evidence indicating a role for GABA and neurosteroids in stress and depression, and focus on potential strategies that can be used to manipulate CNS neurosteroid synthesis and function for therapeutic purposes. © 2012 Elsevier Ltd. ER  - 
Combined treatment with botulinum toxin and hyaluronic acid to correct unsightly lateral-chin depression; With aging, anatomical changes are observed in the face. In the lower third, these changes are expressed as ptosis of the angle of the mouth, lip enhancement groove mentalis; decrease in concavity between the jaw and neck and very noticeable platysmal banding. The repeated contraction of muscles of the lateral-chin together with the band platysmal side form what are called a marionette groove. Treating the whole lateral-chin area can result in a more harmonious aspect of the face when compared with treatment of a marionette groove in isolation. In this paper we describe combined treatment of the lateral chin area using botulinum toxin and fillers. © 2013 by Anais Brasileiros de Dermatologia. ER  - 
The effects of antidepressant drugs on polymorphonuclear leukocyte functions and levels of folic acid, vitamin B12, zinc and copper in major depression; Objective: Today it is known that frequently used antineoplastic agents, analgesics and antibiotics affect the immune system cells and can modify polymorphonuclear leukocyte (PMN) functions such as phagocytosis, lymphocyte proliferation and production of various cytokines. In this study we investigated the effect of antidepresssant drugs on PMN functions, serum folic acid, vitamin B12, zinc, copper levels and hematological parameters in the patients with major depression (MD). Material and Method: PMNs were isolated by Ficoll-Hypaque gradient centrifugation method. Phagocytosis and intracellular killing activity were assayed by modifying Alexander's method. Serum folic acid, vitamin B12, copper and hematology parameters were detected with the biochemical analyzer. Serum zinc levels were measured by flame atomic absorption spectrometer. Results: White blood cell (WBC), neutrophil counts (NE) significantly increased after 2 months of antidepressant drug treatment (p<0.05). The phagocytic activity of PMN of MD patients was found same as healthy volunteers, the intracellular killing activity was found lower than that of healthy volunteers. The PMN's phagocytic activity after one and two months of antidepressant drug treatment insignificantly increased and the intracellular killing activity also insignificantly increased after one month of treatment when compared with those before treatment. The results were not found statistically significant. Serum folic acid, vitamin B12, zinc and copper levels were found in reference value intervals compared to those before treatment. Conclusions: This study showed that WBC, NE counts in patients with MD significantly increased in the reference value intervals after antidepressant drug treatment (p<0.05). We conclude that antidepressant drugs have not deleterious effects on PMN functions, serum folic acid, vitamin B12, zinc, copper levels of patients with MD. ER  - 
The retrospective evaluation of childhood Psoriasis clinically and demographic features; Objective: This study was aimed to define the clinical and demographic findings of psoriasis in childhood. Methods: In this retrospective study, the data from 64 children with psoriasis admitted at the our dermatology clinic between January 2007 and January 2011 were included whose data were fully. Results: Of the patients, 37 (57.8%) were boys and 27 (42.2%) were girls. Mean age of the children was 10.08 ±3.98 years (3-16). In 10 (15%) cases, a positive family history was detected. The most frequent localizations at onset were trunk (46.9%), scalp (28.1%), knee-elbow (10.9%) and extremities (7.9%), respectively. The most commonly seen clinical types were plaque (68.8%), guttate (20.3%), palmoplantar (9.4%), pustular (1.6%), respectively. Nine children had nail involvement. Out of all patients, 21.9% had upper respiratory tract infections and 9.4% had emotional stres. Four cases were diagnosed with depression. Of the cases, two cases were on non-steroid anti-inflammatory medication, and 4 of them were on antibiotics. Systemic treatments were given to 21.9% of the cases besides topical treatments. Conclusion: The epidemiological studies of psoriasis during childhood period for different countries have been reported. In this study, the ratio shows differences when compared to those previous studies. There are few epidemiologic studies for Turkey. We believe that further epidemiological studies including large number of patients' groups will contribute the diagnosis and treatment of the disease. © 2013 by Turkish Society of Dermatology. ER  - 
Food groups and fatty acids associated with self-reported depression: An analysis from the Australian National Nutrition and Health Surveys; Objective: The aim of this study was to explore the associations between incidence of depression and dietary intakes of foods and fatty acids in adult Australians. Methods: Data from the 1995 Australian National Nutrition Survey (NNS), the 1995 Australian National Health Survey (NHS) and an updated fatty acid database were merged and the 24-h fatty acid intakes were calculated for the 10 986 adult participants ages 18 to 79y in the 1995 NNS. The merged data set was used to run a logistic regression with depression as the response variable and the food groups and calculated fatty acid values, age, and sex as predictors. Results: The regression model indicated that increased intakes per kilojoule of meat, poultry, and game; vegetables; and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) are associated with lower odds of having depression, whereas increased intakes of non-alcoholic beverages, milk products and dishes, and docosapentaenoic acid (DPA) are associated with an increase in the odds of having depression. The results confirm a collective effect of diet on mood. Although other studies have shown that fish consumption is associated with lower odds of depression, this study showed lower odds of depression with high meat consumption, possibly reflecting the fact that Australians consume six times more meat than fish. Conclusion: Significant associations between food and mood identified in this study warrant further research to determine causality. © 2013 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Diseases associated with hidranitis suppurativa: Part 2 of a series on hidradenitis; Hidradenitis suppurativa (HS), a pathologic follicular disease, impacts patients' lives profoundly and usually occurs in isolation. The diseases with the strongest association are obesity, depression, and pain. HS is associated with many diseases including acne conglobata (AC), dissecting cellulitis, pilonidal cysts, and obesity. Pyoderma fistulans sinifica (fox den disease) appears to be the same entity as Hurley Stage 2 of 3 HS. The rate of acne vulgaris in HS patients mirrors unaffected controls. The most common, albei still uncommon, association is with seronegative, haplotype unlinked arthritis (most importantly B27), in particular spondolyarthritis. Crohn disease and HS occur together at a rate that varies from 0.6% to 38% in retrospective cases series. Ulcerative colitis occurred with HS in 14% of patients in one series. The next most common association is with pyoderma gangrenosum, but this association is likely under-reported. Synovitis-Acne-Pustulosis Hyperostosis-Osteitis (SAPHO) syndrome, which is rare, has more than 10 reports linking it to HS. Nine case reports have linked Dowling-Degos disease (DDD) to HS and two reports related HS to Fox-Fordyce disease (FF), but because both occur in the axilla this might be a mere coincidence. HS is rarely associated with ophthalmic pathology. Specifically, more than 5 reports link it to Keratitis-Ichthyosis-Deafness syndrome (KID); greater than10 cases link it to interstitial keratitis and 2 cases are linked to Behçet's disease. The presence of proteinuria and acute nephritis link HS to the kidney, especially since and reports have documented resolution of HS after renal transplant. Florid steatocystoma multiplex, Sjogren Syndrome, and HS have been linked and their reports likely underestimate their coincidence because all these entities involve occlusion (albeit by different mechanisms). Three reports link HS and amyloid, but both share some common genetic underpinnings and thus the coincidence of these diseases is likely underreported. Pyoderma vegetans has been noted in 2 cases of HS and 4 cases o Inflammatory Bowel Disease (IBD) and is likely a clue to the linkage of the pathology of IBD and HS. Pityriasis rubra pilaris, in particular Type VI related to HIV, has a relationship more commonly with acne conglobata, but with HS also. Single case reports of diseases associated with HS include systemic lupus erythematosus, acromegaly, Down syndrome, Bazex-Dupré-Christol, and prurti ani, but these might be coincidences. Pyogenic Arthritis, Pyoderma gangrenosum, and Acne (PAPA Syndrome) and Pyoderma gangrenosum, Acne, and Suppurative Hidradenitis (PASH Syndrome) are pyodermic-arthritic syndromes that are associated with HS Erythema nodosum and granulomatous lobular mastitis have been reported with HS but the significance of these reports is uncertain. Because of scarring, HS can result in lymphedema including scrotal elephantiasis and verrucous lymphedema. HS is sometimes accompanied by obesity, hypertension, and anemia and can be considered a disease in the spectrum of metabolic syndrome, a skin disease with systemic consequences. HS, like other types of chronic inflammation when long standing in the perianal and perineal areas, can result in squamous cell cancer. A variety of drugs can induce HS. These include lithium, sirolimus, cyclosporine, vemurafenib, and oral contraceptives. Inverse psoriasis or psoriasis vulgaris as a side effect of infliximab therapy may be associated with HS. These associations aside, most cases of HS occur in isolation without coincident morbidity. © 2013 by the article author(s). ER  - 
Effect of sub-acute administration of celecoxib on antidepressant effect of fluoxetine in albino mice; Depression has recently been shown to have an inflammatory component. Celecoxib, a selective COX-2 inhibitor, inhibits the production of prostaglandins and proinflammatory cytokines and also increases tryptophan levels and serotonin availability in depressed patients. Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) like fluoxetine are effective antidepressants, but their efficacy decreased in the presence of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) in some studies. Other studies have shown that there is an increase in antidepressant activity of fluoxetine when celecoxib is co-administered. Hence, we wanted to evaluate the effect of subacute administration of celecoxib on antidepressant activity of fluoxetine in albino mice. After clearance from Institutional Animal Ethics Committee, 24 healthy albino mice (20-30g) of either sex were divided into four groups of six mice each and administered Distilled water (control), Fluoxetine 5mg/kg (standard), Fluoxetine 5mg/kg + Ibuprofen 100mg/kg and Fluoxetine 5mg/kg + Celecoxib 5mg/kg respectively by intraperitoneal route for 21 days. Testing for antidepressant effect was done by Tail Suspension Test (TST) and Forced Swim Test (FST) in all groups at baseline (Day 0) and Day 21. Cumulative duration of immobility (which is indicative of antidepressant activity) within a 5 minute testing period was measured (in seconds) in all groups and the results were expressed as Mean ± SD. Statistical analysis was done by one-way ANOVA followed by Unpaired 't' test with P<0.05 as the level of significance (95% confidence limits). Cumulative duration of immobility (in seconds) within a 5 minute testing period was significantly decreased after drug administration in fluoxetine group in the FST and TST, compared to normal control. Duration of immobility however significantly increased in both groups wherein ibuprofen and celecoxib were added to fluoxetine in both TST and FST. Thus, acute and sub-acute administration of celecoxib for 21 days significantly decreased the antidepressant effect of fluoxetine in albino mice. ER  - 
Effect of sub-acute administration of celecoxib on antidepressant effect of fluoxetine in albino mice; Depression has recently been shown to have an inflammatory component. Celecoxib, a selective COX-2 inhibitor, inhibits the production of prostaglandins and proinflammatory cytokines and also increases tryptophan levels and serotonin availability in depressed patients. Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) like fluoxetine are effective antidepressants, but their efficacy decreased in the presence of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) in some studies. Other studies have shown that there is an increase in antidepressant activity of fluoxetine when celecoxib is co-administered. Hence, we wanted to evaluate the effect of subacute administration of celecoxib on antidepressant activity of fluoxetine in albino mice. After clearance from Institutional Animal Ethics Committee, 24 healthy albino mice (20-30g) of either sex were divided into four groups of six mice each and administered Distilled water (control), Fluoxetine 5mg/kg (standard), Fluoxetine 5mg/kg + Ibuprofen 100mg/kg and Fluoxetine 5mg/kg + Celecoxib 5mg/kg respectively by intraperitoneal route for 21 days. Testing for antidepressant effect was done by Tail Suspension Test (TST) and Forced Swim Test (FST) in all groups at baseline (Day 0) and Day 21. Cumulative duration of immobility (which is indicative of antidepressant activity) within a 5 minute testing period was measured (in seconds) in all groups and the results were expressed as Mean ± SD. Statistical analysis was done by one-way ANOVA followed by Unpaired 't' test with P<0.05 as the level of significance (95% confidence limits). Cumulative duration of immobility (in seconds) within a 5 minute testing period was significantly decreased after drug administration in fluoxetine group in the FST and TST, compared to normal control. Duration of immobility however significantly increased in both groups wherein ibuprofen and celecoxib were added to fluoxetine in both TST and FST. Thus, acute and sub-acute administration of celecoxib for 21 days significantly decreased the antidepressant effect of fluoxetine in albino mice. ER  - 
Evaluation of antidepressant and antinociceptive activity of escitalopram; Escitalopram, the S - (+) -enantiomer of citalopram, is a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor with potent effects in animal models predictive of antidepressant and anxiolytic activities. In this present study, antidepressant activity and antinociceptive effects of escitalopram (ESC, 40 mg/kg) have been studied in forced swim test, tail suspension test, hot plate test, acetic acid writhing and formalin tests in rodents. A significant (P< 0.05) antidepressant-like effect was shown at dose of 40 mg/kg, which was due to reduction in the immobility period. ESC 40 mg/kg also presented an analgesic effect, in our studies. ESC 40mg/kg produced a significant (P<0.05) % increase in latency at time intervals 60, 90 and 120 min in thermal pain studies in mice. It also significantly inhibited acetic acid induced abdominal constrictions, with the maximal effect (55.95% protection) at 40 mg/kg. In formalin induced paw licking pain model, ESC exhibited more pronounced effect in the inflammatory phase than the neurogenic phase (maximal effect was 54.17±3.89 s and 87.83±1.64s, respectively, at 40 mg/kg, i.p.). The present study showed that ESC has equal efficacy in comorbid pain and depression-like behaviour mediated through serotonergic system. ER  - 
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) status in major depressive disorder with comorbid anxiety disorders; Background: Although lower levels of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are found in major depressive disorder, less is known about PUFA status and anxiety disorders. Method: Medication-free participants with DSM-/V defined major depressive disorder (MDD), with (n 18) and without (n 41) comorbid DSM-/Vanxiety disorders, and healthy volunteers (n 62) were recruited from October 2006 to May 2010 for mood disorder studies at the New York State Psychiatric Institute. Participants were 18 73 years of age (mean age, 35.8 + 12.6 years). Depression and anxiety severity was assessed using depression and anxiety subscales from the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale. Plasma PUFAs eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA; 20:5n-3) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA; 22:6n-3) and the ratio of arachidonic acid (AA; 22:4n-6) to EPA (AA:EPA) were quantifiedZhis secondary analysis employed analysis of variance with a priori planned contrasts to test for diagnostic group differences in log-transformed PUFA levels (log DHA, IogEPA, and logAA:EPA). Results: Plasma levels of IogDHA (F2118=4.923, P=.009), IogEPA (F2118=6.442, P=.002), and logAA:EPA (F2118=3.806, P=.025) differed across groups. Participants with MDD had lower IogDHA (t118=2.324, P=.022) and log EPA (t118=3.1 75, P=.002) levels and higher logAA:EPA levels (t118=2.099, P=.038) compared with healthy volunteers. Lower IogDHA (t118=2.692, P=.008) and log EPA (t118=2.524, P=.013) levels and higher logAA:EPA levels (t118=2.322, P=.022) distinguished anxious from nonanxious MDD. Depression severity was not associated with PUFA plasma levels; however, anxiety severity across the entire sample correlated negatively with log DHA (t<inf>p</inf> 0.22, P=.015) and IogEPA (t<inf>p</inf> 0.25, P=.005) levels and positively with logAA:EPA levels (t<inf>p</inf> 0.18, P=.043). Conclusions:The presence and severity of comorbid anxiety were associated with the lowest EPA and DHA levels. Further studies are needed to elucidate whether omega-3 PUFA supplementation may preferentially alleviate MDD with more severe anxiety. © Copyright 2013 Physicians Postgraduate Press, Inc. ER  - 
Neuroinflammation in mood disorders: Mechanisms and drug targets; Several clinical observations point to a role of chronic inflammation in the progression of major depressive disorder. Attention is therefore shifting away from drugs that regulate monoamines to interventions that normalize an imbalance of inflammatory mediators such as cytokines and metabolites of tryptophan that participate in the central nervous system response to inflammation.Regulation of interleukin-1beta (IL-1β) biosynthesis is of interest since this is the key cytokine for initiating the innate immune response. In this respect, drug discovery efforts are focusing on two important components of the inflammasome: the purinergic receptor P2X7 and the cysteine protease caspase-1.Downstream of proinflammatory cytokine release, kynurenine metabolism is disturbed during inflammation, resulting in metabolism favoring production of quinolinic acid over kynurenic acid. This imbalance has been reported after both acute and chronic inflammation stimuli to induce mood disturbances in animal models. Inhibition of IDO (indolamine 2,3-dioxygenase) or KMO (kynurenine 3-monooxygenase) normalizes these disturbances providing support for these enzymes as potential drug discovery targets. © 2013 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Ellagic acid and derivatives from cochlospermum angolensis welw. extracts: HPLC-DAD-ESI/MSn profiling, quantification and in vitro anti-depressant, anti-cholinesterase and anti-oxidant activities; Introduction Cochlospermum angolensis Welw. bark is a medicinal plant consumed for the treatment of hepatic diseases and for the prophylaxis of malaria. Nevertheless, there are few studies concerning its chemical composition and biological potential. Objective Since phenolic compounds are described as powerful anti-oxidants and neuroprotective agents, the purpose of this study was to characterise the phenolic profile of this species and to extend the knowledge on its medicinal properties, namely its potential against oxidative stress, Alzheimer's disease and depression. Methods The phenolic composition of aqueous and hydromethanolic extracts was characterised by HPLC-DAD-ESI/MS n. Anti-radical potential was tested against 2,2-diphenyl-1- picrylhdrazyl, superoxide anion and nitric oxide radicals, and neuroprotective effect was assessed against acetylcholinesterase, butyrylcholinesterase and monoamine oxidase A. Results Eight compounds were characterised for the first time. Hydromethanolic extract was richer in methyl ellagic acid and its derivatives, while aqueous extract had higher amounts of ellagic acid and its derivatives. Methyl ellagic acid pentoside isomer and ellagic acid were the major compounds in the two extracts, respectively. Both extracts and ellagic acid revealed radical scavenging capacity stronger than that of ascorbic acid, but a weak effect on cholinesterases was observed. Their anti-depressant activity was also very strong. Conclusion The results provided evidence of the value of C. angolensis as a source of health-promoting anti-oxidants and anti-depressant compounds, with potential to be used as a raw product for food and pharmaceutical industries. Copyright © 2013 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Effects of 1-year treatment with highly purified omega-3 fatty acids on depression after myocardial infarction: Results from the OMEGA trial; Objective: The effects of supplementation of the omega-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) on prevalence and severity of depression were evaluated in patients after a myocardial infarction. Method: A cross-sectional evaluation (posttest-only design) within the prospective, randomized, controlled, multicenter OMEGA trial was performed in patients after myocardial infarction at 12 months' follow-up (N = 2,081; age, mean = 64 years; men, 76.7%; women, 21.8%) from April 2005 to June 2007. Patients received supplementation with ethyl esters 90 (460-mg EPA and 380-mg DHA) or placebo for 12 months. Depression was assessed with the Beck Depression Inventory-II (BDI-II); a BDI-II cutoff score of ≥ 14 was used as diagnosis of depression. Results: When the total population was evaluated, no effects of EPA/DHA supplementation on depressive symptoms according to BDI-II score (mean [SD]) could be demonstrated: EPA/DHA (n = 1,046), 7.1 (6.9); placebo (n = 1,035), 7.1 (7.0); P = .7. The post hoc analyses of depressed patients with and without antidepressants revealed a tendency toward an antidepressant effect in patients with EPA/DHA supplementation as monotherapy: EPA/DHA (n = 125), 19.4 (5.8); placebo (n = 113), 19.9 (5.1); P = .07. However, in depressed patients with EPA/ DHA supplementation as adjunctive to conventional antidepressants, a clinically relevant antidepressant effect was demonstrated: EPA/DHA (n = 33), 20.9 (7.1); placebo (n = 29), 24.9 (8.5); P<.05. Conclusions: EPA/DHA supplementation in the total sample of patients after myocardial infarction had no effect on depressive symptoms. The clinically relevant antidepressant effect in the subgroup of depressed patients with EPA/ DHA supplementation as adjunctive to conventional antidepressants that was revealed in the post hoc analysis might provide a basis for a controlled, prospective trial of omega-3 augmentation of antidepressants in patients after myocardial infarction. © Copyright 2013 Physicians Postgraduate Press, Inc. ER  - 
Description of health status and quality of life in rheumatoid arthritis patients treated with etanercept in a care program in a Colombian specialist center; Objective: We conducted a descriptive analysis of rheumatoid arthritis activity according to DAS28, and functionality with HAQ (Health Assessment Questionnaire), and depression scales after one year of follow-up, in a disease management program «Evaluación día» for Colombian patients whom started treatment with etanercept. Methods: We designed a program as part of an integral disease management. It involved four visits, including: lab tests, questionnaires, and clinical evaluation by rheumatologist, psychologist, physical and occupational therapist. Results: 91 patients were included. At the beginning of the program, 80.7% of the individuals were classified in moderate and severe disease activity. At the end of follow-up, disease remission by DAS28 was reached in 25% of the patients. The number of patients who experienced DAS28 reduction more than 1.2 points was 19 (37.5%). HAQ average at baseline was 1.07 and improved to 0.96 at the end of the follow-up. At baseline, 33.3% of patients had a mayor depression according to Zung Score and, after one year, this score was present in 21.9% of the patients. Conclusions: The description of this disease management program is important for the understanding of rheumatoid arthritis in Colombia and it may offer an integral treatment, which is necessary in all chronic diseases. The results found in this analysis seem to be similar as described in other observations. © 2013 Asociación Colombiana de Reumatología. Published by Elsevier España, S.L. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Interstitial cystitis/bladder pain syndrome: Diagnosis and management; Introduction and hypothesis The bladder pain syndrome (BPS) is a spectrum of urological symptoms characterised by bladder pain with typical cystoscopic features. Diagnosis and management of this syndrome may be difficult. There is no evidence-based management approach for the diagnosis or treatment of BPS. The objective of this study was to critically review and summarise the evidence relating to the diagnosis and treatment of the bladder pain syndrome. Methods A review of published data on the diagnosis and treatment of the BPS was performed. Our search was limited to English-language articles, on the "diagnosis", and "management" or "treatment" of "interstitial cystitis" and the "bladder pain syndrome" in "humans." Results Frequency, urgency and pain on bladder filling are the most common symptoms of BPS. All urodynamic volumes are reduced in patients with BPS. Associated conditions include psychological distress, depression, history of sexual assault, irritable bowel syndrome and fibromyalgia. Cystoscopy remains the test for definitive diagnosis, with visualisation of haemorrhage on cystoreduction. A multidisciplinary treatment approach is essential in the management of this condition. Orally administered amitriptyline is an efficacious medical treatment for BPS. Intravesical hyaluronic acid and local anaesthetic, with/without hydrodistension are among new treatment strategies. Sacral or pudendal neuromodulation is effective, minimally invasive and safe. Surgery is reserved for refractory cases. Conclusions There remains a paucity of evidence for the diagnosis and treatment of BPS. We encountered significant heterogeneity in the assessment of symptoms, duration of treatment and follow up of patients in our literature review. © The International Urogynecological Association 2013. ER  - 
Chronic stress and calcium oxalate stone disease: Is it a potential recurrence risk factor?; Chronic emotional stress is associated with increased cortisol release and metabolism disorders. However, few studies have evaluated the influence of chronic stress on calcium oxalate (CaOx) stone disease and its recurrence. A total of 128 patients were enrolled in this case-control study over a period of 20 months. All patients were CaOx stone formers with a recent stone episode (<3 months); 31 were first-time stone formers (FS) and 33 recurrent stone formers (RS). Dimensions of chronic stress were evaluated with self-reported validated questionnaires measuring stressful life events, perceived stress, anxiety, depression, burnout and satisfaction with life. An ad hoc self-reporting questionnaire was designed to evaluate stress-related specifically to stone episodes. Blood and urine samples were collected to determine cortisol levels and urinary composition. In addition, epidemiological data, socioeconomic information, diet and incidences of metabolic syndrome (MS) were reported. Overall, no significant differences were observed in the scores of cases and controls on any of the questionnaires dealing with stress. The number (p < 0.001) and the intensity (p < 0.001) of perceived stressful life events were higher in RS than in FS, but there were no differences between the two groups in other dimensions of stress. RS had higher glucose (p = 0.08), uric acid (p = 0.02), blood cortisol (p = 0.01), and urine calcium levels (p = 0.01) than FS. RS also had lower economic levels (p = 0.02) and more frequent incidences of MS (p = 0.07) than FS. Although no differences were observed in cases and controls among any dimension of chronic stress, the number and intensity of stressful life events were higher in RS than in FS. These differences correlate with variations in blood and urinary levels and with metabolic disorders, indicating an association between chronic stress and risk of recurrent CaOx stone formation. © Springer-Verlag 2013. ER  - 
β-Amyloid induced effects on cholinergic, serotonergic, and dopaminergic neurons is differentially counteracted by anti-inflammatory drugs; β-Amyloid (Aβ) is a small peptide that plays a potent role in synaptic plasticity as well as forms amyloid plaques in Alzheimer's disease (AD). Recent studies suggest that Aβ deposition is deleterious not only in AD, but also in Parkinson's disease (PD) and depression. This Aβ effect is associated with inflammatory processes. However, further evaluation is needed to understand how Aβ and inflammation interact and contribute to the regulation of the cholinergic, serotonergic, and dopaminergic neuronal populations. The aim of the present study was to investigate the effects of Aβ1-42 on cholinergic neurons of the nucleus basalis of Meynert (which degenerate in AD), on serotonergic neurons of the dorsal raphe nucleus (which play a role in depression), and on dopaminergic neurons of the ventral mesencephalon (which degenerate in PD) in rat organotypic brain slices. Furthermore, we investigated whether anti-inflammatory drugs (celecoxib, citalopram, cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitor, ibuprofen, indomethacin, piclamilast) modulate or counteract Aβ-induced effects. Two-week-old organotypic brain slices of the nucleus basalis of Meynert, dorsal raphe nucleus, and ventral mesencephalon were incubated with 50 ng/ml Aβ1-42 with or without anti-inflammatory agents for 3 days. Our results reveal that Aβ significantly decreased the number of choline acetyltransferase-positive cholinergic, tryptophan hydroxylase-positive serotonergic, and tyrosine hydroxylase-positive dopaminergic neurons and that anti-inflammatory drugs partially counteracted the Aβ-induced neuronal decline. This decline was not due to apoptotic processes (as evaluated by TUNEL, propidium iodide, caspase), oxidative stress (as measured by nitrite, catalase, or superoxide dismutase-2), or inflammation, but was most likely caused by a downregulation of these key enzymes. © 2012 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. ER  - 
Protective effects of ascorbic acid on behavior and oxidative status of restraint-stressed mice; Studies have demonstrated an association between stressful conditions and the onset of clinical depression. Considering the antidepressant-like properties of ascorbic acid in both experimental and clinical approaches, we evaluated the beneficial effect of this vitamin on restraint stress-induced behavioral and neurochemical alterations. Acute restraint stress caused a depressive-like behavior in the forced swimming test, accompanied by increased lipid peroxidation (cerebral cortex and hippocampus); increased superoxide dismutase (cerebral cortex and hippocampus), glutathione reductase (cerebral cortex), and glutathione peroxidase (cerebral cortex and hippocampus) activities; and elevated expression of Bcl-2 (hippocampus). Oral administration of ascorbic acid (1 mg/kg) or fluoxetine (10 mg/kg) 1 h before restraint stress prevented the stress-induced increase on immobility time in the forced swimming test. Moreover, this vitamin reduced lipid peroxidation to control levels and restored the activity of superoxide dismutase, glutathione reductase, and glutathione peroxidase. Ascorbic acid had no effect on the increased level of Bcl-2 induced by stress. Glutathione levels, glycogen synthase kinase-3β phosphorylation, and Bax expression were not altered by stress or ascorbic acid administration. Besides reinforcing the antioxidant potential of ascorbic acid, our results support the notion that oxidative stress plays a role in the pathogenesis and treatment of stress-induced depression. © 2012 Springer Science+Business Media New York. ER  - 
Prevalence, indications and appropriateness of antiplatelet therapy in patients operated for acute aortic dissection: Associations with bleeding complications and mortality; Objective: To assess the prevalence, indications and appropriateness of antiplatelet therapy in patients operated for acute aortic dissection and its associations with bleeding complications and mortality. Design: A retrospective single-centre study comparing patients with and without ongoing antiplatelet therapy. Setting: University Hospital in Western Sweden. Patients: 133 consecutive patients operated during 2007-2011. Interventions: All patients were operated for acute aortic dissection type A. Main outcome measures: Indication and appropriateness of antiplatelet therapy; perioperative bleeding complications, transfusions and mortality. Results: 43 of 133 patients (32%) had ongoing platelet inhibition at the time of surgery, 19 (14%) with acetylsalicylic acid (ASA) alone and 24 (18%) with ASA and clopidogrel. Unspecific chest pain and ST depression were the most common indications (42% and 23%, respectively). 2.3% had ST elevation and 12% had elevated biomarkers for myocardial injury. Only 29% of the patients with dual antiplatelet therapy had appropriate treatment according to current guidelines. Patients with ongoing platelet inhibition had significantly larger intraoperative (1800 (IQR 950-4250) vs 800 ml (500-2500), p=0.010) and postoperative bleeding volumes (800 (420-1605) vs 500 ml (390-1070), p=0.037). 30-day mortality in patients on dual antiplatelet therapy was 30.4% compared with 13.0% in patients with no or single antiplatelet therapy ( p=0.038). Conclusions: The indication for immediate antiplatelet therapy in patients later operated for acute aortic dissection was weak or absent in the majority of cases. Patients with ongoing platelet inhibition had more bleeding complications. Dual antiplatelet therapy was associated with increased early mortality. ER  - 
Fish oil as a management component for mood disorders - An evolving signal; Purpose of Review: To overview the theoretical relevance of omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids in the cause of mood disorders, and focus on evaluating the potential therapeutic role of omega-3 fatty acids. Recent Findings: Numerous studies have documented low omega-3 fatty acid levels in those with depressive disorders, and there are plausible biological explanations as to why reduced omega-3 status may predispose to mood disorders as well as to a range of other conditions. Although early studies evaluating the role of omega-3 preparations as treatments of depression were generally positive, the rate of negative or nondifferential studies has increased in recent years. Recent meta-analyses provide an explanation in suggesting that docosahexaenoic acid-weighted preparations may be ineffective while finding support for eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA)-weighted preparations. Summary: There is sufficient indicative data favouring EPA-weighted omega-3 supplementation for those with a depressive mood disorder, particular when fish oil is viewed by patients as 'natural,' it has few side effects and is neuroprotective. Recent meta-analyses inform us that intervention studies should focus on EPA-weighted preparations. © 2012 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Prevalence and management of panic attacks during infliximab infusion in psoriatic patients; Background: Psoriasis is a chronic, inflammatory skin disease associated with anxiety and depression. Infliximab (IFX) is a human/mouse chimeric anti-TNF-α antibody effective in the treatment of psoriasis. Objective: The aim of this study was to evaluate the prevalence of panic disorders in psoriatic patients during IFX infusions. Methods: A retrospective study was performed on patients affected with psoriasis who were treated with IFX from 2002 to 2011 at a single center. Panic disorders were defined using the clinical criteria of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, 4th edition. A population of dermatological patients under treatment with IVG, rituximab, apheresis, intravenous corticosteroids and antibiotics was considered as the control group. Results: A total of 141 patients were evaluated. Of these, 6 (4.25%) experienced panic attacks during the infusion; 16 (11.3%) had a medical history of panic attack and of those 5/16 (31%) experienced panic attacks during IFX infusion. In the control group panic attacks were not recorded. Conclusion: We describe 6 cases of patients in whom panic attacks were triggered by IFX infusion. Premedication with oral benzodiazepine and a slow rate of infusion is recommended. © 2012 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Environmental triggers for inflammatory bowel disease; Inflammatory bowel diseases [IBD; Crohn's disease (CD), ulcerative colitis (UC)] are chronic immunologically mediated diseases that are due to a dysregulated immune response to intestinal flora in a genetically susceptible host. Despite advances in genetics, the likelihood of occurrence of disease remains incompletely explained and there appears to be a strong role for the environment in mediating risk of disease. Smoking remains the most widely studied and replicated risk factor, contributing to increased risk and severity of CD while conferring protection against UC. Recent data has suggested novel risk factors. Lower plasma vitamin D is associated with an increased risk of Crohn's disease, and vitamin D supplementation may prevent relapse of disease. Several medications including oral contraceptives, post-menopausal hormone replacement, aspirin, NSAIDs, and antibiotics may increase risk of CD or UC with the mechanisms of effect remaining inadequately defined. There is continuing evidence that depression and psychosocial stress may play a role in the pathogenesis of both CD and UC, while at the same time also increasing risk for disease flares. There is also a growing understanding of the role of diet on IBD, in particular through its effect on the microbiome. Animal protein intake and n-6 fatty acids may increase risk of UC while n-3 fatty acids and dietary fiber may confer protection. The effect of diet on established disease remains poorly studied. There is need for routine measurement of a spectrum of environmental exposures in prospective studies to further our understanding. © 2012 Springer Science+Business Media New York. ER  - 
Fish and fat intake and prevalence of depressive symptoms during pregnancy in Japan: Baseline data from the Kyushu Okinawa Maternal and Child Health Study; The present study aimed to examine the relationship between consumption of meat, fish, and specific types of fatty acids and the prevalence of depressive symptoms during pregnancy in Japan. Study subjects were 1745 pregnant women. Depressive symptoms were defined as present when subjects had a Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression Scale score of 16 or higher. Information on dietary factors was collected using a self-administered diet history questionnaire. The prevalence of depressive symptoms during pregnancy was 19.3%. Higher intake levels of fish, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) were independently associated with a lower prevalence of depressive symptoms during pregnancy: the adjusted odds ratios (ORs) between extreme quartiles (95% confidence intervals [CIs], P for trend) were 0.61 (0.42-0.87, 0.01), 0.66 (0.46-0.95, 0.02) and 0.64 (0.44-0.93, 0.007), respectively. Higher intake levels of total fat and saturated fatty acids were independently related to a higher prevalence of depressive symptoms during pregnancy: the adjusted ORs between extreme quartiles (95% CIs, P for trend) were 1.42 (1.00-2.03, 0.06) and 1.74 (1.22-2.49, 0.001), respectively. There were no significant associations between intake of monounsaturated fatty acids, n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), α-linolenic acid, n-6 PUFAs, linoleic acid, arachidonic acid, or cholesterol or the ratio of n-3 to n-6 PUFA intake and depressive symptoms during pregnancy. Intake levels of fish, EPA, and DHA may be inversely associated with depressive symptoms during pregnancy while intake levels of total fat and saturated fatty acids may be positively related to depressive symptoms during pregnancy. © 2013 Elsevier Ltd. ER  - 
Antidepressant effects of TNF-α blockade in an animal model of depression; Pro-inflammatory cytokines such as tumour necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-α) have repeatedly been shown to play a pivotal role in the pathophysiology of depression. Therefore, we tested the possible antidepressant-like effect of the anti-TNF-α drug etanercept in an animal model of chronic mild stress. Male Wistar rats were assigned to a non-restrained and a restrained protocol for 5 weeks. From beginning of the third week the animals were treated either with Ringer solution daily or with etanercept twice a week (0.3 mg/kg, i.p.) instead of Ringer solution (n = 12 each). As reference, imipramine (10 mg/kg, i.p.) was administered in a third restraint group daily. Naïve non-treated non-restrained rats served as healthy controls (n = 12). In the forced swim test (FST) depression-like behaviour induced by restraint was recorded as enhanced immobile time and reduced climbing activity of the vehicle-treated group in comparison to the naïve and the non-restrained vehicle treated group. The treatment with etanercept significantly reduced the depression-like effects resulting in reduced immobile time in the FST and intensified climbing behaviour (p < 0.01, p < 0.05), both similar to the antidepressive-like effect of imipramine (p < 0.01 both). The repeated restraint induced a loss of body weight gain in the Ringer-treated group which was not reversed, neither by imipramine nor by etanercept. The antidepressant effects of blocking TNF-α using etanercept may be caused by enhancement of serotonergic or noradrenergic neurotransmission or normalization of stress hormone secretion which has to be substantiated in further studies. © 2013 Elsevier Ltd. ER  - 
Surgical technique: Tscherne-Johnson extensile approach for tibial plateau fractures; Background: The standard approach to lateral tibial plateau fractures involves elevation of the iliotibial band (IT) and anterior tibialis origin in continuity from Gerdy's tubercle and metaphyseal flare. We describe an alternative approach to increase lateral plateau joint exposure and maintain iliotibial band insertion to Gerdy's tubercle. Description of Technique: The approach entails a partial tenotomy of the anterior half of the IT band leaving the posterior IT band insertion attached to Gerdy's tubercle. Fracture lines around Gerdy's tubercle are completed or the tubercle was osteotomized and externally rotated and the joint overdistracted, allowing direct visualization of the joint depression. Joint elevation, grafting, and internal fixation are performed through this window. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed 76 patients (two groups), Schatzker Types I to II and IV to VI fractures (66 patients), between 1989 and 2005, and 10 patients, with 10 bicondylar posterior plateau fractures, from 2002 to 2010. All patients were followed a minimum of 12 months (average, 3.9 years; range, 12 months to 10 years). Ten patients, with posterior plateau fractures, received anterolateral plateau intraarticular osteotomy for exposure of centroposterior and posterolateral articular depression. Results: Average knee ROM was 2 of flexion (range, -3 to 5) to greater than 120 of flexion (range, 100 -145). In 66 patients, average articular depression improved from 7.4 mm to 1 mm (range, 0-5 mm) and, in 10 posterior fractures, from 18 mm to 1 mm (range, 0-4.5 mm). Infection occurred in one of the 76 patients; acute débridement and intravenous antibiotics resulted in control of the infection. Conclusions: This approach reliably increases direct visualization of the lateral plateau articular fractures and maintains IT band insertion. Articular osteotomy of the anterolateral plateau provides access to extensive posterior plateau fractures. Level of Evidence: Level IV, retrospective study. See Guidelines for Authors for a complete description of levels of evidence. © 2013 The Author(s). ER  - 
Effects of doxycycline on depressive-like behavior in mice after lipopolysaccharide (LPS) administration; Current evidences support inflammation, oxidative and nitrogen stress, as well as brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) signaling mechanisms as important in depression pathophysiology. Tetracycline antibiotics have anti-inflammatory and antioxidant properties. Preliminary evidence indicates that minocycline has antidepressant properties. Doxycycline (DOXY) has favorable pharmacokinetic and safety profiles when compared to other tetracycline congeners. The antidepressant activity of DOXY has not been adequately investigated. This study evaluated the effects of DOXY (25 and 50mg/kg, i.p.) on LPS-induced (0.5mg/kg, i.p.) depressive-like behavior. Doxycycline was administered 30min before LPS (pre-LPS) or 1.5 and 23.5h following LPS (post-LPS) administration in mice. LPS-treated animals presented an increase in immobility time in the forced swimming test (FST) when compared to controls 24h after endotoxin administration. Similarly to imipramine (IMI-10mg/kg, i.p.), DOXY at both doses prevented and reversed LPS-induced alterations in the FST. IL-1β content was increased 24h after LPS administration in striatum, hippocampus and prefrontal cortex. IMI and DOXY prevented and reversed LPS-induced increase in IL-1β. IMI and DOXY also prevented and reversed LPS-induced alterations in nitrite content and oxidative stress parameters (lipid peroxidation and reduced glutathione levels). Both DOXY and IMI prevented LPS-induced decrease in hippocampal BDNF levels. Taken together, our results demonstrate that DOXY is comparable to IMI in effectively ameliorate LPS-induced depressive-like behavior, providing a rationale for testing DOXY's antidepressant efficacy in humans. © 2013 Elsevier Ltd. ER  - 
Probiotics, prebiotics, and the host microbiome: The science of translation; Recent advances in our understanding of the community structure and function of the human microbiome have implications for the potential role of probiotics and prebiotics in promoting human health. A group of experts recently met to review the latest advances in microbiota/microbiome research and discuss the implications for development of probiotics and prebiotics, primarily as they relate to effects mediated via the intestine. The goals of the meeting were to share recent advances in research on the microbiota, microbiome, probiotics, and prebiotics, and to discuss these findings in the contexts of regulatory barriers, evolving healthcare environments, and potential effects on a variety of health topics, including the development of obesity and diabetes; the long-term consequences of exposure to antibiotics early in life to the gastrointestinal (GI) microbiota; lactose intolerance; and the relationship between the GI microbiota and the central nervous system, with implications for depression, cognition, satiety, and mental health for people living in developed and developing countries. This report provides an overview of these discussions. © 2013 The Authors. Annals of the New York Academy ofx Sciences published by Wiley Periodicals, Inc. on behalf of New York Academy of Sciences. ER  - 
Treatment of hidradenitis supprurativa associated pain with nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, acetaminophen, celecoxib, gabapentin, pegabalin, duloxetine, and venlafaxine.; Hidradenitis Supprurativa is a painful dermatological condition. Although the pain of HS has unique aspects, the pain of HS pain shares common elements with essential pain, fibromyalgia, and pure neuropathic pain syndromes. Futhermore, depression plays an important role in the pain of HS. This paper reviews the potential for use of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAIDS), acetaminophen, celecoxib, gabpentin, pregabalin, and the serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs), duloxetine and venlafaxine, for treating HS related pain. No studies exist for pain control in HS. Initially, the pain of HS is treated medically e.g. oral rifampin and clindamycin or adalimumab to decrease inflammation, but an analysis of pain medications to treat the pain of HS merits its own discussion and treatment algorithm. First-line HS pain treatments include: topical analgesics and oral NSAIDs, such as celecoxib (Celebrex®), and acetaminophen. If these are inadequate, which is common, the less expensive gabapentin (Neurontin®) 400-1200 mg TID or the more expensive (Lyrica®) pregabalin 50-100mg BID can be added for synergistic effect. In my experience, HS patients prefer pregabalin, which induces less drowiness than gabapentin. If these combinations are inadequate, an SNRI can be added. Of SNRIs, duloxetine (Cymbalta®) 30-120 mg, given QD or divided BID, is most optimal. I have used gabapetin or pregabalin in combination with duloxtine effectively. Venlafaxine (Effexor®), 75 mg-375mg (divided into BID or TID dosing), or in extended release form Venlafaxine ER (Effexor ER®) (37.5mg-375mg daily) can be combined with pregalin or gabapetin. Venlafaxine's cardiovascular side effects and lesser effectiveness serves HS patients less well then duloxetine, in my experience. An advantage of duloxetine and venlafaxine is that they can be used to treat the depression often associated with HS. If prolonged use of opiates is required, patients should be referred to a pain specialist. ER  - 
Therapeutic success in a case of anaerobic sepsis with multiple brain abscesses in the context of an efficient interdisciplinary cooperation; Background: Brain abscess is one of the most serious complications of head infections, with significant case-fatality rates. Great progress was made after introduction of antimicrobial therapy with improved microbiologic culture techniques, particularly for anaerobes, and stereotactic brain biopsy and aspiration techniques. The incidence of neurological sequelae in patients who survive a brain abscess is high. Case report: We present the case of a 42 year-old male patient with no significant past medical history, except for a wasting status caused by a neurotic depression; he was non-smoker, not addicted to alcohol, no HIV infection. High fever, altered clinical state and mental status, right hemiplegia developed 4-5 days prior to admission to the Adults IV Department of the National Institute for Infectious Diseases “Prof. Dr. Matei Balş”, Bucharest. Initial investigations diagnosed severe sepsis with multisystem organ failure, with positive blood cultures with Fusobacterium nucleatum, and multiple brain abscesses; simultaneously, a left renal abscess and a left paracardiac pneumonia were detected. Initial antibiotic (meropenem with vancomycin), anti-inflammatory (corticosteroids) and supportive therapy determined a good clinical and paraclinical evolution. After 9 days a stereotactic CT-guided aspiration of pus from the brain abscess was performed and PLEX-ID screening identified Fusobacterium necrophorum. Unfavorable neurological evolution imposed another brain abscess stereotactic CT-guided aspiration, with negative pus culture. After 28 days of treatment with the mentioned antibiotics switch therapy with metronidazole was performed. The complete duration of antibiotic therapy of 100 days in hospital period, and 20 days at home, led to diminishing the brain abscesses and the complete remission of the renal abscess. Although another brain abscess puncture was needed, the patient refused, and after discharge from the hospital he was lost to follow-up, returning after 8 months from the beginning of the disease. This time, clinical evolution and MRI showed a favorable evolution of the brain abscesses, except for one abscess, which needed another stereotactic CT-guided aspiration, with good results. Neurosurgery consultation concluded, in context of normal paraclinical investigations, that there was no need for antibiotic therapy. Conclusion: The prognosis of patients with bacterial brain abscess is determined by the rapidity of progression of the disease before hospitalization and the patient's mental status on admission. In our case, with double anaerobic bacteria etiology and multiple determinations, interdisciplinary collaboration was essential for a good outcome. ER  - 
Effect of celecoxib add-on treatment on symptoms and serum IL-6 concentrations in patients with major depressive disorder: Randomized double-blind placebo-controlled study; Background: It has been proposed that the mechanism of the antidepressant effect of celecoxib is linked to its anti-inflammatory action and particularly its inhibitory effect on pro-inflammatory cytokines (e.g. interleukin-6(IL-6)). We measured changes in serum IL-6 concentrations and depressive symptoms following administration of celecoxib in patients with major depressive disorder (MDD). Methods: In a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled study, 40 patients with MDD and Hamilton Depression Rating Scale - 17 items (Ham-D) score ≥ 18 were randomly assigned to either celecoxib (200 mg twice daily) or placebo in addition to sertraline (200 mg/day) for 6 weeks. Outcome measures were serum IL-6 concentrations at baseline and week 6, and Ham-D scores at baseline and weeks 1, 2, 4, and 6. Results: The celecoxib group showed significantly greater reduction in serum IL-6 concentrations (mean difference (95%CI) = 0.42(0.30 to 0.55) pg/ml, t(35) = 6.727, P < 0.001) as well as Ham-D scores (mean difference (95%CI) = 3.35(1.08 to 5.61), t(38) = 2.99, P = 0.005) than the placebo group. The patients in the celecoxib group experienced more response (95%) and remission (35%) than the placebo group (50% and 5%, P = 0.003 and 0.04 respectively). Baseline serum IL-6 levels were significantly correlated with baseline Ham-D scores (r = 0.378, P = 0.016). Significant correlation was observed between reduction of Ham-D scores and reduction of serum IL-6 levels at week 6 (r = 0.673, P < 0.001). Limitations: We did not measure other inflammatory biomarkers. Conclusions: We showed that the antidepressant activity of celecoxib might be linked to its capability of reducing IL-6 concentrations. Moreover, supporting previous studies we showed that celecoxib is both safe and effective as an adjunctive antidepressant (Registration number: IRCT138903124090N1). © 2012 Elsevier B.V. ER  - 
Natural inhibitors of indoleamine 3,5-dioxygenase induced by interferon-gamma in human neural stem cells; Indoleamine dioxygenase (IDO) is a heme- containing enzyme that catalyzes the oxidation of tryptophan to N-formylkynurenine, kynurenine and the downstream quinolinic acid. Though IDO is physiologically important in maintaining tissue integrity, aberrant IDO expression represses T cell function and promotes regulatory T cells (Treg) in cancer. It additionally exacerbates Alzheimer, depression, Huntington and Parkinson diseases via quinolinic acid. Inhibition of IDO has thus been recently proposed as a strategy for treating cancer and neuronal disorders. In the present study, we have developed a cell-based assay to evaluate the suppressive effect of anti-inflammatory phytochemicals on the enzyme. When stimulated by INF-γ, profound high expressions of IDO-1 mRNA as well as the protein were detected in human neural stem cells (hNSC) and verified by real-time retro-transcribed PCR and western blot analysis, respectively. The protein activity was measured by kynurenine concentration and the assay was validated by dose-responsive inhibition of IDO-1 antagonists including 1-methyltryptaphan, indomethacin and acetylsalicylic acid. Among the tested compounds, apigenin, baicalein, chrysin, and wogonin exhibit a potent repressive activity with IC50s comparable to that of indomethacin. The inhibition was further found to be independent of gene expression and protein translation because of the unaltered levels of mRNA and protein expression. Although curcumin displayed a potent inhibitory activity to the enzyme, it appeared to be cytotoxic to hNSCs. Morphological examination of hNSC revealed that baicalein and wogonin at the inhibitory concentrations induced neurite outgrowth. In conclusion, our data shows that certain phytochemicals with 2-phenyl-1-benzopyran-4-one backbone (flavones) attenuate significantly the IDO-1 protein activity without harming hNSCs. The inhibitory activity might have partially contributed to the anti-cancer and neuro-protective property of the compounds. © 2012 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Synergist effects of n-acetylcysteine and deferoxamine treatment on behavioral and oxidative parameters induced by chronic mild stress in rats; A growing body of evidence has pointed to a relationship between oxidative stress and depression. Thus, the present study was aimed at evaluating the effects of the antioxidants n-acetylcysteine (NAC), deferoxamine (DFX) or their combination on sweet food consumption and oxidative stress parameters in rats submitted to 40 days of exposure to chronic mild stress (CMS). Our results showed that in stressed rats treated with saline, there was a decrease in sweet food intake and treatment with NAC or NAC in combination with DFX reversed this effect. Treatment with NAC and DFX decreased the oxidative damage, which include superoxide and TBARS production in submitochondrial particles, and also thiobarbituric acid reactive substances (TBARS) levels and carbonyl proteins in the prefrontal cortex, amygdala and hippocampus. Treatment with NAC and DFX also increased the activity of the antioxidant enzymes, superoxide dismutase and catalase in the same brain areas. Even so, a combined treatment with NAC and DFX produced a stronger increase of antioxidant activities in the prefrontal cortex, amygdala and hippocampus. The results described here indicate that co-administration may induce a more pronounced antidepressant activity than each treatment alone. In conclusion, these results suggests that treatment with NAC or DFX alone or in combination on oxidative stress parameters could have positive effects against neuronal damage caused by oxidative stress in major depressive disorders. © 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Sleep quality and other patient-reported outcomes improve after patients with psoriasis with suboptimal response to other systemic therapies are switched to adalimumab: Results from PROGRESS, an open-label Phase IIIB trial; Background Psoriasis is associated with poor health-related quality of life, including sleep impairment. Objective To assess the extent of sleep impairment, the effect of adalimumab on sleep and other patient-reported outcomes, and correlations between changes in these outcomes and sleep quality in patients with psoriasis. Methods Patients in the 16-week, open-label, Phase IIIb PROGRESS trial had chronic plaque psoriasis and suboptimal response to prior therapy (etanercept, methotrexate or narrowband ultraviolet B phototherapy). Adalimumab was self-injected subcutaneously (80 mg at week 0, then 40 mg every other week from week 1). The focus for this analysis was the Medical Outcomes Study Sleep Scale. Other patient-reported outcomes included the Dermatology Life Quality Index (DLQI), Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI), Physician's Global Assessment, a visual analogue scale for psoriasis/psoriatic arthritis (PsA) pain, and the Work Productivity and Activity Index Questionnaire-Specific Health Problems. Results Patients with psoriasis had impaired sleep at baseline. The degree of sleep impairment was significantly associated with the extent of work productivity for all sleep measures and, for some sleep measures, was associated with DLQI impairment, clinical severity measured by PASI, the presence of PsA, and depression. Adalimumab treatment significantly improved sleep quality by 15% from baseline, as well as DLQI score, pain and work productivity. The improvement in sleep was partially explained (R2=0·16, P < 0·001) by improvements in the objectively measured psoriasis signs in PASI. Conclusions Adalimumab treatment improved sleep outcomes and other patient-reported outcomes including health-related quality of life, work productivity, daily activity and disease-related pain. © 2012 The Authors. BJD © 2012 British Association of Dermatologists. ER  - 
Omega-3 fatty acids supplementation in psychiatric disorders: A systematic review; The importance of omega-3 poly-unsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) to improve several medical conditions is well recognized. More recently, these agents, because of their role of stabilization of neuronal membranes, have been considered in the treatment of various psychiatric disorders. The aim of this review is to provide a complete account of the empirical evidences of efficacy and safety for eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosaexaenoic acid (DHA) and other less used PUFAs in the management of mental illness. There is little evidence to support the use of omega-3 fatty acids in the treatment of schizophrenia and of conditions characterized by high level of impulsivity and aggression. The most convincing findings are in favour of the use of PUFAs for mood disorders, especially unipolar and bipolar depression (but not mania). Concerning ADHD, trials are characterized by considerable heterogeneity in methods and omega-3 fatty acids supplementation exhibits modest benefits compared with traditional pharmacotherapy. On the basis of available data, omega-3 PUFAs cannot be unequivocally recommended as a monotherapy or adjunctive-therapy in any mental disorder. Although these compounds represent a novel and attractive modality of treatment, also considering good tolerability and safety, further studies are required to confirm omega-3 fatty acids supplementation as an effective intervention in psychiatric disorders. © 2012 Bentham Science Publishers. ER  - 
Calming effect of orally administered γ-aminobutyric acid in Shih Tzu dogs; The calming effects of γ-aminobutyric acid (GABA) by oral administration were investigated in four adult Shih Tzu dogs. Three dosage levels (1, 2 and 4mg/kg body weight) and non-administration were tested by an increase and decrease method. Changes in activity (for 1.5h) and urinary cortisol levels (pre-administration, 3 and 7h later) of dogs were monitored after administration. Without reference to dosage level, the mean times spent standing (P=0.06), sitting (P<0.05) and walking (P<0.05) tended to decrease compared to non-administration. A significant depression in the urinary cortisol level was observed at 7h after administration (P<0.05). These results indicate that orally administrated GABA exerts calming effects on dogs as well as humans. © 2012 The Authors. Animal Science Journal © 2012 Japanese Society of Animal Science. ER  - 
Characterization of patients undergoing total knee arthroplasty in a real-world setting and pain-related medication prescriptions for management of postoperative pain; Presently, no "gold-standard" exists for the management of pain after total knee arthroplasty (TKA) surgery. Understanding pain management methods used in clinical practice and the associated patient outcomes are necessary to fill gaps in pain management strategies. This study characterizes medication use in the immediate postoperative period among patients undergoing TKA at an academic medical center. Additionally, pre- and postoperative measures of pain (numeric pain rating scale), physical function (Knee Society Scale and Lower Extremity Function [LEFS]), and quality of life (Medical Outcomes Study Short-Form [SF]-36) were evaluated. The patient data were extracted from a clinical database at the University of Utah Orthopedic Clinic between September 1, 2008, and November 30, 2010. A total of 168 patients (mean age 64.0 ± 10.1 years, 63.1% were female, mean body mass index [BMI] 31.7 ± 7.1 kg/m2) were included. The most common comorbidities in these patients were osteoarthritis, hypertension, and major depressive disorders. Bupivacaine and fentanyl were commonly given on the day of surgery with oxycodone, hydrocodone/acetaminophen, and celecoxib prescribed at hospital discharge. Preoperative pain levels were reduced by half at 6 weeks. Physical function and quality of life were similar to established benchmarks and previously reported levels, respectively. Confirmation of results over a longer follow-up period is warranted. Copyright © 2012 Informa Healthcare USA, Inc. ER  - 
Targeting cyclooxygenase-2 in depression is not a viable therapeutic approach and may even aggravate the pathophysiology underpinning depression; Depression is a complex progressive disorder accompanied by activation of inflammatory and Th-1 driven pathways, oxidative and nitrosative stress (O&NS), lowered antioxidant levels, mitochondrial dysfunctions, neuroprogression and increased bacterial translocation. In depression, activation of immuno-inflammatory pathways is associated with an increased risk for cardio-vascular disorder (CVD). Because of the inflammatory component, the use of cyclooxygenase 2 (COX-2) inhibitors, such as celecoxib, has been advocated to treat depression. Electronic databases, i.e. PUBMED, Scopus and Google Scholar were used as sources for this selective review on the effects of COX-2 inhibitors aggravating the abovementioned pathways. COX-2 inhibitors may induce neuroinflammation, exacerbate Th1 driven responses, increase lipid peroxidation, decrease the levels of key antioxidants, damage mitochondria and aggravate neuroprogression. COX-2 inhibitors may aggravate bacterial translocation and CVD through Th1-driven mechanisms. COX-2 inhibitors may aggravate the pathophysiology of depression. Since Th1 and O&NS pathways are risk factors for CVD, the use of COX-2 inhibitors may further aggravate the increased risk for CVD in depression. Selectively targeting COX-2 may not be a viable therapeutic approach to treat depression. Multi-targeting of the different pathways that play a role in depression is more likely to yield good treatment results. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2012. ER  - 
IgM-mediated autoimmune responses directed against anchorage epitopes are greater in Myalgic Encephalomyelitis/Chronic Fatigue Syndrome (ME/CFS) than in major depression; Myalgic Encephalomyelitis/Chronic Fatigue Syndrome (ME/CFS) and depression are considered to be neuro-immune disorders (Maes and Twisk, BMC Medicine 8:35, 2010). There is also evidence that depression and ME/ CFS are accompanied by oxidative and nitrosative stress (O&NS) and by increased autoantibodies to a number of self-epitopes some of which have become immunogenic due to damage by O&NS. The aim of this study is to examine IgM-mediated autoimmune responses to different selfepitopes in ME/CFS versus depression. We examined serum IgM antibodies to three anchorage molecules (palmitic and myristic acid and S-farnesyl-L-cysteine); acetylcholine; and conjugated NO-modified adducts in 26 patients with major depression; 16 patients with ME/CFS, 15 with chronic fatigue; and 17 normal controls. Severity of fatigue and physio-somatic (F&S) symptoms was measured with the Fibromyalgia and Chronic Fatigue Syndrome Rating Scale. Serum IgM antibodies to the three anchorage molecules and NO-phenylalanine were significantly higher in ME/CFS than in depression. The autoimmune responses to oxidatively, but not nitrosatively, modified self-epitopes were significantly higher in ME/CFS than in depression and were associated with F&S symptoms. The autoimmune activity directed against conjugated acetylcholine did not differ significantly between ME/CFS and depression, but was greater in the patients than controls. Partially overlapping pathways, i.e. increased IgM antibodies to a multitude of neo-epitopes, underpin both ME/ CFS and depression, while greater autoimmune responses directed against anchorage molecules and oxidatively modified neo-epitopes discriminate patients with ME/CFS from those with depression. These autoimmune responses directed against neoantigenic determinants may play a role in the dysregulation of key cellular functions in both disorders, e.g. intracellular signal transduction, cellular differentiation and apoptosis, but their impact may be more important in ME/CFS than in depression. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2012. ER  - 
Effects of low intensity electromagnetic irradiation of 70.6 and 73 GHz frequencies and antibiotics on energy-dependent proton and potassium ion transport by E. coli; The effects of low intensity (flux capacity 0.06 mW/cm2) coherent electromagnetic irradiation (EMI) of 70.6 and 73 GHz frequencies and their combined effects with antibiotics - ceftriaxone or kanamycin (0.4 or 15 μM, correspondingly) on E. coli K12 growth and survival have been reported previously. To further study the effects of EMI and antibiotics and mechanisms, decrease in overall energy (glucose)-dependent H+ and K+ fluxes across the cell membrane was investigated in E. coli. The depression of H+ and K+ fluxes rate was maximally achieved with the 73 GHz frequency. The EMI strengthened the effect of N,N'-dicyclohexycarbodiimide (DCCD, an inhibitor of the F0F1-ATPase). The 73 GHz EMI had more influence on H+ efflux inhibition, whereas 70.6 GHz on K+ influx. Also, EMI strengthened the depressive effects of ceftriaxone and kanamycin on the overall and DCCD-inhibited H+ and K+ fluxes. The 73 GHz EMI strengthened the effect of ceftriaxone on both ions fluxes. Kanamycin depressed H+ efflux more as compared to ceftriaxone, which was also strengthened with EMI. The results of E. coli H+ and K+ transport systems activities depression by irradiation and the irradiation effect on DCCD and antibiotics action indicated the EMI and antibiotics causing primary changes in the bacterial membrane. ER  - 
Review of Dercum's disease and proposal of diagnostic criteria, diagnostic methods, classification and management.; DEFINITION AND CLINICAL PICTURE: We propose the minimal definition of Dercum's disease to be generalised overweight or obesity in combination with painful adipose tissue. The associated symptoms in Dercum's disease include fatty deposits, easy bruisability, sleep disturbances, impaired memory, depression, difficulty concentrating, anxiety, rapid heartbeat, shortness of breath, diabetes, bloating, constipation, fatigue, weakness and joint aches. We suggest that Dercum's disease is classified into: I. Generalised diffuse form A form with diffusely widespread painful adipose tissue without clear lipomas, II. Generalised nodular form - a form with general pain in adipose tissue and intense pain in and around multiple lipomas, and III. Localised nodular form - a form with pain in and around multiple lipomas IV. Juxtaarticular form - a form with solitary deposits of excess fat for example at the medial aspect of the knee. Dercum's disease most commonly appears between the ages of 35 and 50 years and is five to thirty times more common in women than in men. The prevalence of Dercum's disease has not yet been exactly established. AETIOLOGY: Proposed, but unconfirmed aetiologies include: nervous system dysfunction, mechanical pressure on nerves, adipose tissue dysfunction and trauma. DIAGNOSIS AND DIAGNOSTIC METHODS: Diagnosis is based on clinical criteria and should be made by systematic physical examination and thorough exclusion of differential diagnoses. Advisably, the diagnosis should be made by a physician with a broad experience of patients with painful conditions and knowledge of family medicine, internal medicine or pain management. The diagnosis should only be made when the differential diagnoses have been excluded. Differential diagnoses include: fibromyalgia, lipoedema, panniculitis, endocrine disorders, primary psychiatric disorders, multiple symmetric lipomatosis, familial multiple lipomatosis, and adipose tissue tumours. GENETIC COUNSELLING: The majority of the cases of Dercum's disease occur sporadically. A to G mutation at position A8344 of mitochondrial DNA cannot be detected in patients with Dercum's disease. HLA (human leukocyte antigen) typing has not revealed any correlation between typical antigens and the presence of the condition. MANAGEMENT AND TREATMENT: The following treatments have lead to some pain reduction in patients with Dercum's disease: Liposuction, analgesics, lidocaine, methotrexate and infliximab, interferon α-2b, corticosteroids, calcium-channel modulators and rapid cycling hypobaric pressure. As none of the treatments have led to long lasting complete pain reduction and revolutionary results, we propose that Dercum's disease should be treated in multidisciplinary teams specialised in chronic pain. The pain in Dercum's disease seems to be relatively constant over time. ER  - 
Micronutrients and mental disorders; Several micronutrient deficiencies adversely affect the brain and hence could aggravate mental disorders like schizophrenia, depression and anorexia nervosa. It is plausible that proper attention to diet and, when indicated, appropriate supplementation with vitamin C, folic acid, niacin, thiamine, iron, zinc, omega-3 fatty acids, vitamin D and vitamin E could lower the dosage requirement for antipsychotic drugs and reduce their adverse side effects and toxicity. ER  - 
Mild adrenocortical deficiency and its relationship to: (1) Chronic fatigue syndrome; (2) nausea and vomiting of pregnancy and hyperemesis gravidarum; and (3) systemic lupus erythematosus; When the mind and body are challenged by stressors, the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis is stimulated, culminating in the secretion of glucocorticoid hormones, principally cortisol, by the adrenal cortex. When an individual experiences chronic stress that strains his adaptive mechanisms, it is possible that this individual might manifest clinical signs and symptoms reflective of mild adrenocortical deficiency (MAD); a condition or syndrome characterized by a chronic deficiency of cortisol, but not severe enough to result in Addison's disease. MAD is characterized by a diverse amount of clinical signs and symptoms, such as fatigue, nervousness and irritability, mental depression, postural hypotension, and hypoglycaemia. Given the sheer number of clinical features associated with MAD, it is likely that compromised adrenocortical function plays a role in the chronic course of many medical conditions. MAD is postulated to play a more dominant etiopathologic role in chronic fatigue syndrome, hyperemesis gravidarum, nausea and vomiting of pregnancy, and systemic lupus erythematosus. Several specific orthomolecular treatments, i.e., low-dose Cortisol, vitamin C, and pantothenic acid, are discussed in relation to their ability to normalize adrenocortical function and possibly to improve outcomes in these respective medical conditions. More formal studies are needed, but given the safety of these substances, when used in orthomolecular doses, a therapeutic trial should be undertaken before resorting to more aggressive treatment. ER  - 
Non-analgesic effects of opioids: Interactions between opioids and other drugs; Opioids are increasingly used to manage not only acute but also chronic pain and heroine addiction. These patients usually receive many other medications that can interfere with the effects of opioids and vice versa. Patients often need combinations of drugs for their pain management, for treating opioid-related adverse effects or for other indications including depression and anxiety. Several antibiotics can also have interactions with opioids. It is important to understand what potential interactions exist between opioids and other drugs. Drug interactions can occur due to pharmacokinetic interactions including effects of absorption, metabolic pathways, drug transport through membranes and protein binding. Our knowledge of the metabolism of opioids has significantly increased over the last years and it is now possible to appreciate the role CYP enzymes, mainly CYP 2D6 and 3A4/5, in the metabolism of many commonly used opioids like codeine and oxycodone. Our knowledge regarding the role of the transporter proteins in drug interactions related to opioids is unfortunately meagre. Opioids inhibit the gastrointestinal system and can thus change the absorption of other drugs. Opioids can have synergistic or additive interactions with other drugs that have analgesic or sedative effects. Endogenous opioids control many physiological functions and exogenous opioids can have effects on all important transmitter systems (cholinergic, GABAergic, dopaminergic and serotonergic). The literature in this field is mainly based on case reports. Interindividual differences play an important role. Other potential interactions include prolongation of the QT-interval and lowering of the threshold for convulsions. © 2012 Bentham Science Publishers. ER  - 
A study of oxidative stress and influence of antioxidant vitamins supplementation in patients with major depression; Many lines of evidence suggest that oxidative stress is important in the pathogenesis of major depression (MD). In the particular, s'catecholamine and increased metabolism seems to be associated with tissue damage involving free radicals in the brain. The aim of this study was to investigate the lipid peroxidation and total antioxidant capacity in the patients suffering from the MD as compared to the healthy controls. Specifically we wanted to estimate the effective influence of antioxidant supplementation on the oxidative stress parameters including antioxidant defense system in MD patients. Thirty MD patients and thirty healthy controls were participated in the study. Lipid peroxidation was assessed by measuring concentration Malondialdehyde (MDA) and NO metabolites in plasma. Antioxidant activity was measured by determination of erythrocyte-superoxide dismutase (SOD) as a powerful enzymatic antioxidant and the non-enzymatic antioxidants like vitamin E, C and uric acid along with total antioxidant capacity in plasma. All measurements were taken in newly diagnosed patients and then during depression remission after 12 weeks treatment along with antioxidant supplementation. The concentration of MDA and NO metabolites were significantly higher in patients before treatment (newly diagnosed). Levels of antioxidants such as SOD, vitamin E, C and uric acid were significantly decreased in patients along with decrease in plasma TAC as compared to controls. After 12 weeks antidepressant treatment adjunctive to antioxidant vitamin E and C supplementation showed reverse changes in above parameters significantly. MD is accompanied by imbalance in pro- and anti-oxidative processes and finally, combined therapy with antioxidants and antidepressant has an improved potential in preventing oxidative damage and repairing already existing damage, but this has to be confirmed in future clinical studies. ER  - 
Voice symptoms in patients with autoimmune disease: A cross-sectional epidemiological study; Objective. To assess the prevalence and severity of voice symptoms in individuals with a diagnosis of autoimmune disease. Study Design. Cross-sectional survey. Setting. Study participants were recruited from a rheumatology tertiary referral clinic at Norfolk and Norwich University Hospital. Subjects and Methods. A cross-sectional questionnaire analyzing 109 patients with autoimmune disease (rheumatoid arthritis, seronegative spondyloarthritis, connective tissue disease) and a control group of 41 patients with nonautoimmune disease (osteoarthritis/osteoporosis). Main outcome measures were the Voice Handicap Index-10 (VHI- 10), xerostomia scale, acid reflux inquiry, and anxiety/ depression scale. Results. Patients with autoimmune disease were more likely to experience voice symptoms as assessed by the VHI-10 questionnaire (P = .0035). Subgroup analysis showed autoimmune patients were more likely to report voice symptoms regardless of whether they were on a disease-modifying antirheumatic drug (DMARD; P = .0010) or non-DMARD (P = .017), suggesting autoimmune disease may be an independent risk factor from pharmacotherapy. Xerostomia was more common in an autoimmune population compared with the control group (P = .02). A positive correlation between xerostomia and VHI- 10 scores was found for the DMARD group (Spearman rank coefficient = 0.49, P<.001). No significant difference in acid reflux inquiry (P = .44) or the anxiety/depression scale (P = .36) was found when comparing the autoimmune and control groups. Conclusion. Patients with autoimmune disease have increased likelihood of voice symptoms when compared with a control population with non-autoimmune disease. Further prospective studies to elucidate the cause of voice disorder would be valuable. © American Academy of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery Foundation 2012. ER  - 
Omega-3 fatty acids for the treatment of depression: Systematic review and meta-analysis; We conducted a meta-analysis of randomized, placebo-controlled trials of omega-3 fatty acid (FA) treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD) in order to determine efficacy and to examine sources of heterogeneity between trials. PubMed (1965-May 2010) was searched for randomized, placebo-controlled trials of omega-3 FAs for MDD. Our primary outcome measure was standardized mean difference in a clinical measure of depression severity. In stratified meta-analysis, we examined the effects of trial duration, trial methodological quality, baseline depression severity, diagnostic indication, dose of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in omega-3 preparations, and whether omega-3 FA was given as monotherapy or augmentation. In 13 randomized, placebo-controlled trials examining the efficacy of omega-3 FAs involving 731 participants, meta-analysis demonstrated no significant benefit of omega-3 FA treatment compared with placebo (standard mean difference (SMD)0.11, 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.04, 0.26). Meta-analysis demonstrated significant heterogeneity and publication bias. Nearly all evidence of omega-3 benefit was removed after adjusting for publication bias using the trim-and-fill method (SMD0.01, 95% CI: 0.13, 0.15). Secondary analyses suggested a trend toward increased efficacy of omega-3 FAs in trials of lower methodological quality, trials of shorter duration, trials which utilized completers rather than intention-to-treat analysis, and trials in which study participants had greater baseline depression severity. Current published trials suggest a small, non-significant benefit of omega-3 FAs for major depression. Nearly all of the treatment efficacy observed in the published literature may be attributable to publication bias. © 2012 Macmillan Publishers Limited. ER  - 
Impact of comorbidities on TNF inhibitor persistence in rheumatoid arthritis patients: An analysis of Korean National Health Insurance claims data; The aim of this study is to evaluate tumor necrosis factor (TNF) inhibitor persistence and the impact of comorbidity on treatment persistence in patients with rheumatoid arthritis (RA). In a Korean National Health Insurance claims database, patients with a diagnosis code of RA (M05 or M06) who started TNF inhibitor therapy between July 1, 2007 and June 30, 2008 were enrolled. The study cohort was followed until December 31, 2009. Persistence was examined using Kaplan-Meier survival analysis, and multivariate Cox proportional hazard models were developed to examine the potential impact of comorbidities on drug persistence. A total of 388 patients were enrolled in the study cohort. The mean persistence rate in the overall population was 61% at 18 months. Drug survival rates for adalimumab and etanercept at 6 months were 82 and 85%, respectively, and 73 and 78%, respectively, at 12 months. Charlson comorbidity index (CCI) scores and comorbidities such as diabetes, chronic pulmonary disease, mild liver disease, and depression at initiation were not related with drug persistence, while peptic ulcer disease (PUD) lowered the risk of discontinuation of TNF inhibitors (HR 0.73, 95% CI 0.55-0.97). Old age (HR 1.59, 95% CI 1.09-2.33) and prescription of inhibitors by an internist (HR 1.59, 95% CI 1.02-2.48) were associated with discontinuation of TNF inhibitors. The persistence of TNF inhibitors was 61% at 18 months. CCI score and other comorbidities were not related with early discontinuation of TNF inhibitors, while PUD was an independent contributing factor to TNF inhibitor persistence. © Springer-Verlag 2011. ER  - 
Novel therapeutic targets in depression: Minocycline as a candidate treatment; Mood disorders are marked by high rates of non-recovery, recurrence, and chronicity, which are insufficiently addressed by current therapies. Several patho-etiological models have been proposed that are not mutually exclusive and include but are not limited to the monoamine, inflammatory, neurotrophic, gliotrophic, excitatory, and oxidative stress systems. A derivative of these observations is that treatment(s) which target one or more of these mechanistic steps may be capable of mitigating, or preventing, disparate psychopathological features. Minocycline is an agent with pleiotropic properties that targets multiple proteins and cellular processes implicated in the patho-etiology of mood disorders. Moreover, preclinical and preliminary clinical evidence suggests that minocycline possesses antidepressant properties. Herein, we provide the rationale for conducting a randomized, controlled trial to test the antidepressant properties of minocycline. © 2012 Elsevier B.V. ER  - 
Patients with adverse drug reactions have a higher prevalence of emotional disorders; Aim: To examine the frequency of emotional disorders (anxiety and depression) in patients with adverse drug reactions (ADR), compared with that in patients without those disorders. Study design: Case-control. Setting: Santa María de Benquerencia Health Centre (Toledo). Participants: Patients over 14 years old of both sexes managed in a Primary Care Clinic. Measurements and results: A total of 311 patients (108 cases and 203 controls) were included, of whom 53.7% were male. The mean age was 54.1 years in cases, and 46.0 in controls (t = 4.254; P <.001). Antecedents of anxiety were presented in 45.5% of cases, and those of depression in 41.7%, versus 19.7% and 15.3%, respectively, in controls (P <.001). Mean chronic illnesses were 5.8 in cases and 3.5 in controls (P <.001). Mean number of drugs consumed was 3.7 in cases and 1.7 in controls (P <.001). In the logistic regression, the probability of having had anxiety was 2.5 times higher in patients with ADR (95%CI 1.12-4.51), and the probability of having had depression was twice as likely(1.06-3.66). Drug groups with a higher number of ADR were those of the central nervous system, antibiotics and antiinflammatories. Conclusions: 1) ADR is associated with anxiety and depression, and it can be used as a marker of social issues. 2) Attention must be paid to patients with anxiety or depression when making out prescriptions. 3) Antibiotics, antiinflammatories and drugs acting on the central nervous system are more likely to produce ADR. © 2011 Elsevier Espana, S.L. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Tianeptine exerts neuroprotective effects in the brain tissue of rats exposed to the chronic stress model; Animal models of chronic stress represent valuable tools by which to investigate the behavioral, endocrine and neurobiological changes underlying stress-related psychopathologies, such as major depression, and the efficacy of antidepressant therapies. The present study was aimed at investigating the neurochemical effects of the antidepressant tianeptine in rats exposed to the chronic stress model. To this aim, rats were subjected to 40 days of chronic unpredictable stressful stimuli, after which the animals received saline or tianeptine (15 mg/kg) once a day for 7 days. Additionally, IL-6, IL-1, TNF-α levels and oxidative stress parameters were assessed in the prefrontal cortex (PFC), hippocampus (HPC), amygdala (AMY) and nucleus accumbens (NAc) in all of the experimental groups studied. The results indicated that chronic mild stress and tianeptine did not exercise any effects on cytokines in all of the structures studied; in the PFC and AMY thiobarbituric acid reactive substances (TBARS) levels were decreased in control rats treated with tianeptine in the HPC; superoxide dismutase (SOD) activity was found to have decreased in stressed rats treated with saline in the PFC, HPC, AMY and NAc, and tianeptine reversed this effect; catalase (CAT) activity was found to have decreased in the PFC, HPC and NAc of stressed rats treated with saline, but was shown to have increased in stressed rats treated with tianeptine, and tianeptine also reversed the decreases in CAT activity in stressed rats treated with saline, suggesting that tianeptine exerted antioxidant activity. In conclusion, the present findings open new vistas on the pharmacological activity of tianeptine, in particular, concerning its ability to attenuate oxidative stress. © 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Pain-related depression of the mesolimbic dopamine system in rats: Expression, blockade by analgesics, and role of endogenous kappa opioids; Background: Pain is often associated with depression of behavior and mood, and relief from pain-related depression is a common goal of treatment with analgesic drugs. This preclinical study tested the hypothesis that pain-related depression of behavior in rats results from activation of endogenous kappa opioidergic systems and subsequent kappa receptor-mediated inhibition of mesolimbic dopamine neurons. We have reported previously that a common visceral noxious stimulus, intraperitoneal (IP) injection of dilute acid, produces an analgesic-reversible depression of operant responding in an assay of intracranial self-stimulation (ICSS) in rats. The present study compared effects of IP acid and the exogenous kappa agonist U69593 on ICSS and on microdialysis measures of mesolimbic nucleus accumbens dopamine levels in rats. The nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug ketoprofen, the mu opioid receptor agonist morphine, and the kappa opioid receptor antagonist norbinaltorphimine were then evaluated for their ability to block acid- and U69593-induced depression of ICSS and nucleus accumbens dopamine. Our hypothesis predicted that both IP acid and U69593 would depress ICSS and nucleus accumbens dopamine levels, and that effects of acid would be blocked by analgesics and by the kappa antagonist. Methods: Adult male Sprague-Dawley rats were prepared either with intracranial electrodes targeting the medial forebrain bundle (for behavior studies of intracranial self-stimulation) or cannulae targeting the nucleus accumbens (for microdialysis studies of mesolimbic dopamine). Rats in behavioral studies were trained to lever press under a fixed-ratio 1 schedule for electrical brain stimulation, and daily experimental sessions were composed of multiple 10 min components. During each component, the frequency of brain stimulation was systemically varied from 158- 56 Hz in ten 0.05 log unit steps, and the primary dependent variable was the total number of stimulations delivered across all frequencies. On test days, ICSS components were conducted before and after experimental treatments, and ICSS data determined after each treatment were expressed as a percent of the baseline data collected before treatment on that day. Rats in neuro chemical studies were fitted with microdialysis probes on the day of the experiment, and samples were collected at 6-min intervals before and after experimental treatments. The primary dependent variable was the concentration of dopamine in each sample determined by high performance liquid chromatography coupled to electrochemical detection. Dopamine levels determined after each treatment were expressed as a percent of the baseline data collected before treatment on that day. In both types of studies, rats were treated with vehicle (-30 min), 3.2 mg/kg ketoprofen (-30 min), 3.2 mg/kg morphine (-30 min) or 32 mg/kg norbinaltorphimine (-24 hr) before subsequent treatment with vehicle, 0.56 mg/kg U69593 or dilute lactic acid (1.8 or 5.6% in water). All studies were approved by the Virginia Commonwealth University IACUC and were conducted in accordance with the National Institutes of Health Guide for the Care and Use of Laboratory Animals. Results: The acid noxious stimulus produced a concentration- and time-dependent depression of both ICSS and nucleus accumbens dopamine, and effects of the highest acid concentration (5.6%) in both assays were similar in magnitude to effects of 0.56 mg/kg U69593. Acid-induced depression of ICSS and nucleus accumbens dopamine was blocked by pretreatment with the analgesics ketoprofen and morphine, but not by the kappa antagonist norbinaltorphimine. Conversely, U69593-induced depression of ICSS and dopamine was blocked by norbinaltorphimine but not by ketoprofen; morphine produced intermediate effects. Neither ketoprofen nor norbinaltorphimine altered ICSS or dopamine levels when administered alone without acid. Morphine alone significantly increased basal dopamine, and produced biphasic effects on ICSS manifested as facilitation of low ICSS rates maintained by low brain stimulation frequencies and reduction in high ICSS rates maintained by high brain stimulation frequencies. Conclusions: These results support a role for the mesolimbic dopamine system, but not of endogenous kappa opioid systems, in mediating pain-related depression of behavior in rats. Further research to investigate mechanisms of pain-related depression of behavior and mesolimbic dopamine levels may reveal new targets for analgesic drug development. ER  - 
Elevated omega-6/omega-3 fatty acid ratio predicts depression development following interferon-alpha treatment: Relationship with interleukin-6; Background: While converging translational evidence suggests that elevated immune-inflammatory signaling is relevant to the pathoetiology of depression, the risk factors associated with inflammation-induced depression remain poorly understood. One potential etiological mechanism is a dysregulation in polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) homeostasis. Indeed, omega-3 fatty acids (eicosapentaenoic acid - EPA, 20:5n-3, docosahexaenoic acid - DHA, 22:6n-3) and omega-6 fatty acids (di-homo-gamma-linolenic acid - DGLA, 20:3n-6; arachidonic acid - AA, 20:4n-6) have opposing effects on inflammatory signaling, and cross-sectional studies have repeatedly found that patients with major depressive disorder (MDD) exhibit reductions in long-chain omega-3 (LCn-3) fatty acids and associated elevations in the AA/EPA+DHA ratio. Moreover, controlled intervention studies have found that decreasing this ratio through administration of EPA+DHA can reduce depression symptom severity in patients with MDD. The objective of the present study was to prospectively investigate whether low baseline LCn-3 fatty acid status was associated with increased risk for developing depression in response to treatment with the pro-inflammatory cytokine interferonalpha (IFN-alpha) in hepatitis C patients. We additionally examined whether fatty acid status was associated with markers of inflammatory status, interleukin-6 (IL-6) and C-reactive protein (CRP), and the ability of IFN-alpha to successfully resolve hepatitis C infection. Methods: Using a within-subject prospective design of 138 subjects, we examined whether baseline plasma phospholipid LCn-3 fatty acid (EPA, DHA) and omega-6 (DGLA, AA) fatty acid levels were associated with depression vulnerability in hepatitis C patients treated with IFN-alpha. Depression was assessed using the Structured Clinical Interview DSM-IV and the Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS); and plasma IL-6 and CRP levels were determined using a high-sensitivity quantitative enzyme immunoassay. Results: In Cox regressions, lower baseline DHA predicted depression incidence (B=-1.3 +/- 0.6; p=0.04), as did elevated DGLA (B=0.53 +/- 0.23; p=0.02) and AA/EPA+DHA ratio (B=1.22 +/ - 0.45; p=0.007). In fact, the AA/EPA+DHA ratio predicted depression after controlling for other critical variables such as sleep quality and race (B=1.15 +/- 0.43). To illustrate using Kaplan-Meier, those in the upper median of AA/EPA+DHA ratios were more than 50% more likely to develop depression than those in the lower median (Mantel-Cox log rank X2=5.4; p=0.02). A higher AA/EPA+DHA ratio was positively associated with treatment-emergent increases in MADRS scores (F=4.0; p<0.05) and IL-6 levels (F=107.4; p<0.05), but not C-reactive protein levels. Most of the IL-6 levels were<1.5 ng/ mL for those in the upper median of AA/EPA+DHA, compared to most having levels of >4.5 ng/mL for those in the lower median of AA/EPA+DHA. Importantly, fatty acid status was not associated with sustained viral response to IFN-alpha treatment. Conclusions: This prospective evidence supports the hypothesis that an elevated AA/EPA +DHA ratio increases vulnerability to depression in response to systemic inflammation, and indicates a relationship with greater IFN-induced IL-6 levels. This paradigm is therefore well-suited to prospectively evaluate primary prevention strategies, and studies are warranted to determine whether reducing the AA/EPA +DHA ratio prior to IFN-alpha treatment is protective against inflammation-induced depression. ER  - 
Resting-state functional connectivity and neuroactive steroids in postpartum depression; Background: Postpartum depression (PPD) affects 1 in 8 women and negatively impacts infant attachment, cognitive development and behavior. Animal models suggest that differential regulation of neuroactive steroids during the perinatal period is associated with abnormal depressive-like maternal behavior through interaction with the g-aminobutyric acid (GABA) system. Neuroactive steroids are allosteric modulators of GABAA receptor function and alter excitability of the central nervous system. This study tested the hypotheses: (1) PPD would be associated with attenuation of connectivity between the anterior cingulate cortex (ACC) and bilateral amygdalae (AMYG), hippocampi (HIPP) and dorsolateral prefrontal cortices (DLPFC) as compared to healthy postpartum subjects and (2) mean postpartum plasma concentration of allopregnanolone would be lower in the PPD cohort and correlated to the total Edinburgh Postnatal Depression Scale (EPDS) score. Methods: Thirty-two subjects were prospectively evaluated between 26- 30 and 34-36 weeks gestation, less than 36 hours of parturition and between 3-9 weeks post-partum through serial plasma neuroactive steroid measurements and mood and psychosocial assessments. A sub-group of 17 postpartum women comprised of healthy comparison (HCS) (n=9, mean age: 30.67±3.81) and medication-free subjects who developed unipolar PPD (PPD) (n=8, mean age: 28.62±5.93) were examined using resting-state functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (fMRI). Resting-state functional connectivity (rs-fc) analysis with seeds placed in the ACC, and bilateral AMYG, HIPP and DLPFC was performed. Data were acquired on a 3.0 Tesla Philips Achieva wholebody MR system (Philips Healthcare, Best, the Netherlands). T1-weighted anatomical MRI was acquired for diagnostic and localization purposes and all subjects underwent the resting-state fMRI scan with eyes open. Resting-state scan images were obtained using an EPI sequence. Resting-state fMRI data analysis was carried out by using Data Processing Assistant for Resting-State fMRI (DPARSFAhttp:// www.restfmri.net), which works with SPM8 (Statistical Parameter Mapping- Welcome Department of Imaging Neuroscience, London, UK). Following the preprocessing steps to regress-out physiological and other sources of noise, individual and group functional connectivity analyses were performed. The two groups' resting-state functional connections with each seed were compared voxelwise using a 2-sample t-test. The resulting maps were subjected to cluster analysis. Neuroactive steroids were quantified by a novel liquid chromatography/ mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) method; analyzed on a NanoAcquity UPLC coupled to a Quattro Premier XE (Waters) triple quadrupole mass spectrometer operating in the positive ion electrospray mode. The quantitation limit was 0.2 ng/mL for all analytes. Pearson Chi-Squared tests for categorical and Mann-Whitney U tests for continuous variables were done to compare the differences in demographic, medical and psychiatric history, current diagnostic and psycho-social measures and mean neuroactive steroid concentration between PPD and HCS postpartum subjects. Differences in neuroactive steroid concentrations and ratios of progesterone metabolites were compared between cohorts. Results: There were no significant differences between cohorts in age, right-handedness, delivery type, breast feeding status or time since delivery relative to the day of MRI. Subjects who developed PPD had a history of major depression (χ2=13.39, p<0.001), generalized anxiety (χ2=5.89, p<0.05), and social phobia (χ2=4.10, p<0.05), at rates higher than the HCS cohort. 25% of women who developed PPD had a history of prior PPD (p=ns). The HCS cohort had significantly stronger connectivity between the ACC and left DLPFC and bilateral AMYG; between bilateral AMYG and ACC and bilateral DLPFC; between the left DLPFC and right AMYG, right HIPP and right DLPFC than the PPD cohort (p<0.01, T-value>2.60, minimum of 5 voxels for each cluster, df=15). The concentration of progesterone had a significant positive relationship to the number of days since delivery (r=0.74, p=0.004). Between groups, neuroactive steroid concentrations and steroid ratios did not differ during pregnancy or in the postpartum (p>0.05). Although it did not reach significance, there was a positive relationship between the concentration of allopregnanolone during pregnancy and the postpartum EPDS total score (r=0.696, p=0.083) at the time of MRI. Postpartum concentrations of pregnanolone, allopregnanolone and pregnenolone were all lower in the PPD cohort compared to HCS but the difference did not reach significance. Neuroactive steroid/progesterone ratios at the time of post-partum MRI had a negative relationship with the number of days since delivery but there was no difference between-groups (p>0.05). Conclusions: The present investigation is the first to assess restingstate functional connectivity and quantify neuroactive steroid concentrations in healthy postpartum subjects and subjects who developed PPD within 9 weeks of delivery. Disruption in functional connectivity in corticolimbic areas may contribute to disturbances of mood during a time of falling neuroactive steroid concentrations. ER  - 
The potential clinical benefits of the glutamate neuromodulator N-acetylecysteine in bipolar disorders and associated psychotic conditions; N-acetylcysteine is an FDA approved medication, sold as Mucomyst, that is used to diminish secretion viscosity in pulmonary disorders such as COPD. N-acetylcysteine is also approved for use as an antidote to prevent hepatic toxicity in cases of acetaminophen overdose. N-acetylcysteine is a derivative of cysteine, a naturally occurring amino acid. As such it is available as an over the counter preparation and is commonly used by the general public for a wide variety of purposes. This is largely due to Nacetylcysteine's effect as an antioxidant. Physiologically, n-acetylcysteine is a precursor to glutathione synthesis, the major antioxidant in the human body. Cysteine availability determines the rate-limiting step for glutathione synthesis. Cysteine transport into the cell is linked to glutamate exchange. Thus, in addition to reducing oxidative stress levels within the cell, cysteine also acts as a glutamate neuroregulator. N-Acetylcysteine has been used to treat several major psychiatric disorders, including anxiety, depression, addiction, mania and psychosis. The levels of evidence supporting these uses varies considerably. This talk will present information about what is known about Nacetylcysteine's neurobiology and how It has been used to date in these psychiatric disorders. There will also be a brief discussion of the author's experience with N-acetylcysteine in the treatment of impulsivity and violence. Consideration will also be given to just what N-acetylcysteine may be doing that accounts for this broad array of effects. ER  - 
Comparison between the AA/EPA ratio in depressed and non depressed elderly females: Omega-3 fatty acid supplementation correlates with improved symptoms but does not change immunological parameters; Background: Depression is one of the most frequently missed diagnoses in elderly people, with obvious negative effects on quality of life. Various studies have shown that long chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) may be useful in its management. Our objective was to evaluate whether a supplement containing n-3 PUFA improves depressive symptoms in depressed elderly patients, and whether the blood fatty acid pattern is correlated with these changes. Methods. The severity of depressive symptoms according to the Geriatric Depression Scale (GDS), blood fatty acid composition and erythrocyte phospholipids were analyzed in 46 depressed females aged 66-95y, diagnosed with depression according to DSMIV, within the context of a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. 22 depressed females were included in the intervention group (2.5 g/day of n-3 PUFA for 8 weeks), and 24 in the placebo group. We also measured immunological parameters (CD2, CD3, CD4, CD8, CD16, CD19 and cytokines (IL-5, IL-15). Results: The mean GDS score and AA/EPA ratio, in whole blood and RBC membrane phospholipids, were significantly lower after 2 months supplementation with n-3 PUFA. A significant correlation between the amelioration of GDS and the AA/EPA ratio with some immunological parameters, such as CD2, CD19, CD4, CD16 and the ratio CD4/CD8, was also found. Nevertheless, omega-3 supplementation did not significantly improve the studied immunological functions. Conclusions: n-3 PUFA supplementation ameliorates symptoms in elderly depression. The n-3 PUFA status may be monitored by means of the determination of whole blood AA/EPA ratio. © 2012 Rizzo et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Biological Effects of Add-On Eicosapentaenoic Acid Supplementation in Diabetes Mellitus and Co-Morbid Depression: A Randomized Controlled Trial; Background: Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) may reduce increased risks for (cardiovascular) morbidity and mortality in patients with diabetes mellitus (DM) and comorbid major depressive depression (MDD). Yet, effects of EPA-supplementation on biological risk factors for adverse outcomes have not been studied in DM-patients with MDD. Methods: We performed a randomized, double-blind trial (n = 25) comparing add-on ethyl-EPA-supplementation to placebo on (I) oxidative stress, (II) inflammatory, (III) hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA)-axis, (IV) one-carbon-cycle, (V) fatty acid metabolism and (VI) lipoprotein parameters during 12-weeks' follow-up. Results: Besides increases in supplemented α-tocopherol [estimate (95% CI); 3.62 (1.14-6.11) μmol/l; p = 0.006] and plasma and erythrocyte EPA, the intervention did not influence other oxidative stress, inflammatory or one-carbon-cycle parameters compared to placebo. HPA-axis reactivity significantly decreased in the EPA-group (N = 12) [AUCi: -121.93 (-240.20--3.47) min×nmol/l; p = 0.045], not in the placebo-group (N = 12). Furthermore, EPA-supplementation increased erythrocyte and plasma docosapentaenoic acid, and decreased plasma arachidonic acid (AA) concentrations [-1.61 (-3.10--0.11) %; p = 0.036]. Finally, EPA had a multivariate influence on lipoprotein concentrations (p = 0.030), reflected by relative increases in high density lipoprotein [HDL; 0.30 (0.02-0.58) mmol/l; p = 0.039] and total cholesterol concentrations [1.01 (0.29-1.72) mmol/l; p = 0.008]. Conclusion: Overall, add-on EPA-supplementation had limited effects on biological risk factors for adverse outcome in this sample of DM-patients with comorbid MDD. Besides increases in concentrations of supplemented α-tocopherol and EPA, AA decreased, and inconclusive effects on HPA-axis (re)activity and lipoprotein concentrations were observed. Therefore, further studies on the alleged beneficial effects of EPA-supplementation on biological risk factors for adverse outcome in DM-patients with comorbid MDD seem warranted, preferably using clinical outcomes such as (cardiovascular) DM-complications. Trial Registration: Controlled-Trials.com ISRCTN30877831. © 2012 Mocking et al. ER  - 
Huntington's disease; Huntington's disease (HD) is an autosomal-dominant, inherited, neuropsychiatric disease which gives rise to progressive motor, cognitive, and behavioral symptoms. It affects about 1 in 10 000 individuals. The onset of symptoms typically occurs in the third or fourth decade of life, though it may appear at any age. The molecular basis of the disease is the expansion of the trinucleotide CAG in the first exon of a gene on chromosome four (4p 16.3). This gene encodes the protein huntingtin of 3136 amino acids. The normal function of huntingtin and the pathogenetic mechanisms caused by the mutant huntingtin remain incompletely characterized today. Current drug therapy has no effect on the progression of disability, and the need for any pharmacological treatment should be carefully considered. An evidence-based review of pharmacological management concluded that there is poor evidence in management of HD today. There is some evidence for treating chorea with haloperidol or fluphenazine, and less evidence for olanzapine. There is very low evidence for the treatment of other clinical problems: . l-dopa and pramipexole for rigidity; amitriptyline and mirtazapine for depression; risperidone for psychosis; and olanzapine, haloperidol, and buspirone for behavioral symptoms in HD. Three substances are investigational for possible neuroprotection: coenzyme Q10, minocycline, and unsaturated fatty acids. © 2012 Elsevier B.V. ER  - 
Roles of dopamine and inflammation-related molecules in behavioral alterations caused by repeated stress; Prolonged or intensive stress results in emotional and cognitive deficits and is a major risk factor for psychiatric disorders such as depression. Since the molecular mechanisms of how biological adaptations to stress go awry remains elusive, pharmaceutical development targeting stress has not been established. In rodents, repeated stress alters functions of multiple brain areas including the medial prefrontal cortex (mPFC) that confers stress resilience, thereby causing depression, anxiety, and working memory deficit. The mesocortical dopaminergic pathway that regulates such stress-coping functions is attenuated with repetition of stress via prostaglandin (PG) E2, a bioactive lipid derived from arachidonic acid, and its receptor EP1. Several findings suggest that microglia activated by repeated stress are involved in emotional and cognitive changes as a source of inflammation-related molecules such as PGE2 and IL-1β. IL-1 signaling is critical not only for emotional changes but also for microglial activation induced by repeated stress. Furthermore, purinergic signaling via the P2X7 receptor that can trigger PGE2 and IL-1β production in microglia has been implicated in the pro-depressive effect of repeated stress as well as depressive disorders. Collectively, inflammation-related molecules that link repeated stress to mPFC dysfunction are potential targets of pharmaceutical development for psychiatric disorders. © 2012 The Japanese Pharmacological Society. ER  - 
GPCRs promote the release of zinc ions mediated by nNOS/NO and the redox transducer RGSZ2 protein; Aims: Morphine signaling via the μ-opioid receptor (MOR) is coupled to redox-dependent zinc release from endogenous stores. Thus, MOR activation stimulates the complex formed by RGSZ2 (a regulator of G protein signaling) and neural nitric oxide synthase (nNOS) to produce NO, and to recruit PKCγ and Raf-1 in a zinc-dependent manner. Accordingly, we investigated whether redox regulation of zinc metabolism was unique to the MOR, or if it is a signaling mechanism shared by G-protein coupled receptors (GPCRs). Results: A physical interaction with the RGSZ2-nNOS complex was detected for the following GPCRs: neuropeptides, MOR and δ-opioid (DOR); biogenic amines, 5HT1A, 5HT2A, α2A, D1 and D2; acetylcholine, muscarinic M2 and M4; excitatory amino acid glutamate, mGlu2 and mGlu5; and derivatives of arachidonic acid (anandamide), CB1. Agonist activation of these receptors induced the release of zinc ions from the RGSZ2 zinc finger via a nNOS/NO-dependent mechanism, recruiting PKCγ and Raf-1 to the C terminus or the third internal loop of the GPCR. Innovation: A series of GPCRs share an unexpected mechanistic feature, the nNOS/NO-dependent regulation of zinc ion signaling via a redox mechanism. The RGSZ2 protein emerges as a potential redox zinc switch that converts NO signals into zinc signals, thereby able to modulate the function of redox sensor proteins like PKCγ or Raf-1. Conclusion: Redox mechanisms are crucial for the successful propagation of GPCR signals in neurons. Thus, dysfunctions of GPCR-regulated NO/zinc signaling may contribute to neurodegenerative and mood disorders such as Alzheimer's disease and depression. © 2012 Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. ER  - 
Dissociable effects of the cannabinoid receptor agonists Δ9-tetrahydrocannabinol and CP55940 on pain-stimulated versus pain-depressed behavior in rats; Cannabinoid receptor agonists produce reliable antinociception in most preclinical pain assays but have inconsistent analgesic efficacy in humans. This disparity suggests that conventional preclinical assays of nociception are not sufficient for the prediction of cannabinoid effects related to clinical analgesia. To extend the range of preclinical cannabinoid assessment, this study compared the effects of the marijuana constituent and low-efficacy cannabinoid agonist Δ9-tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) and the high-efficacy synthetic cannabinoid agonist 3-(2-hydroxy-4-(1,1-dimethylheptyl)phenyl)-4-(3- hydroxypropyl)cyclohexanol (CP55940) in assays of pain-stimulated and pain-depressed behavior. Intraperitoneal injection of dilute lactic acid (1.8% in 1 ml/kg) stimulated a stretching response or depressed intracranial self-stimulation (ICSS) in separate groups of male Sprague-Dawley rats. THC (0.1-10 mg/kg) and CP55940 (0.0032-0.32 mg/kg) dose-dependently blocked acid-stimulated stretching but only exacerbated acid-induced depression of ICSS at doses that also decreased control ICSS in the absence of a noxious stimulus. Repeated THC produced tolerance to sedative rate-decreasing effects of THC on control ICSS in the absence of the noxious stimulus but failed to unmask antinociception in the presence of the noxious stimulus. THC and CP55940 also failed to block pain-related depression of feeding in rats, although THC did attenuate satiation-related depression of feeding. In contrast to the effects of the cannabinoid agonists, the clinically effective analgesic and nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug ketoprofen (1 mg/kg) blocked acid-stimulated stretching and acid-induced depression of both ICSS and feeding. The poor efficacy of THC and CP55940 to block acute pain-related depression of behavior in rats agrees with the poor efficacy of cannabinoids to treat acute pain in humans. Copyright © 2012 by The American Society for Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics. ER  - 
Emerging risk factors for postpartum depression: Serotonin transporter genotype and omega-3 fatty acid status; Objective: Depression is a leading cause of disability and hospitalization. Women are at the highest risk of depression during their childbearing years, and the birth of a child may precipitate a depressive episode in vulnerable women. Postpartum depression (PPD) is associated with diminished maternal somatic health as well as health and developmental problems in their offspring. This review focuses on 2 PPD risk factors of emerging interest: serotonin transporter (5-HTT) genotype and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (n-3 PUFA) status. Method: The MEDLINE, PubMed, and Web of Science databases were searched using the key words postpartum depression, nutrition, omega-3 fatty acids, and serotonin transporter gene. Studies were also located by reviewing the reference lists of selected articles. Results: Seventy-five articles were identified as relevant to this review. Three carefully conducted studies reported associations between the 5-HTT genotype and PPD. As well, there is accumulating evidence that n-3 PUFA intake is associated with risk of PPD. Preliminary evidence suggests that there could be an interaction between these 2 emerging risk factors. However, further studies are required to confirm such an interaction and to elucidate the underlying mechanisms. Conclusions: Evidence to date supports a research agenda clarifying the associations between n-3 PUFAs, the 5-HTT genotype, and PPD. This is of particular interest owing to the high prevalence of poor n-3 PUFA intake among women of childbearing age and the consequent potential for alternative preventive measures and treatments for PPD. ER  - 
Self-reported health outcomes in patients with psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis randomized to two etanercept regimens; Background Moderate/severe psoriasis combined with psoriatic arthritis (PsA) impairs health-related quality of life (QoL). Etanercept, a fully human tumour necrosis factor-α receptor fusion protein, is approved for treatment of both diseases. Objective To compare patient-reported health outcomes (PROs) of two etanercept regimens in patients with moderate/severe psoriasis and PsA. Methods In this randomized, double-blind, multicenter study, participants received etanercept 50 mg twice weekly (BIW; n = 379) or 50 mg weekly (QW; n = 373) for 12 weeks and open-label etanercept 50 mg QW for 12 additional weeks. PROs included: the EuroQOL-5D (EQ-5D), which measures general health status and consists of the utility index measuring five dimensions of health, and a visual analogue scale (VAS) allowing patients to assess health status; the Dermatology Life Quality Index (DLQI), which measures the impact of skin disease on QoL; the Health Assessment Questionnaire-Disability Index (HAQ-DI), an assessment of physical function; the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS), which screens for anxiety and depression symptoms; and individual questions on general health, disease activity, fatigue, itching, joint pain and morning stiffness. Results At baseline, patients reported QoL worse than that seen in many chronic medical conditions. Significant within-group improvements in each PRO occurred from baseline to Week 12 (P < 0.001) in both groups and were maintained at Week 24; DLQI, EQ-5D, HAQ-DI and self assessments improved significantly (P < 0.001) from baseline as early as Week 3. At Week 12, but not Week 24, improvement in DLQI, itching and psoriasis activity was greater in the BIW arm (P ≤ 0.004). Improvements in other PROs were always similar between groups. Conclusions Greater improvements in PROs specific to skin disorders were seen with etanercept BIW than QW at Week 12, but not at Week 24. Both etanercept regimens led to sustained PRO improvements, starting as early as Week 3. © 2011 European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology. ER  - 
[Correlation between neurotransmitters and neurosteroids and premenstrual syndrome patients of Gan-yang ascending syndrome and Gan-qi stagnation syndrome].; To explore the pathogenesis of premenstrual syndrome (PMS), and the correlation between anger and depression and PMS of Gan-yang ascending syndrome (GYAS) and Gan-qi stagnation syndrome (GQSS) by detecting the neuro-reproductive hormones of PMS patients of GYAS and GOSS, thus providing theoretical reliance for diagnostic standards for clinical normative PMS. Using techniques such as HPLC, HPLC-MC, ELISA, and radioimmunoassay (RIA), levels of serum sex hormones (follicle stimulating hormone, luteinizing hormone, estradiol, progesterone, testosterone, and prolactin), plasma neurotransmitters (gamma-aminobutyric acid, beta-endorphin, glutamic acid, dopamine, 5-HT, adrenaline, and noradrenaline), neurosteroids (allopregnanolone, pregnenolone, and dehydroepiandrosterone) in the follicular phase and the luteal phase of PMS patients of GYAS (30 cases) and GQSS (30 cases) were detected, and compared with the healthy control group (30 cases). There was no statistical difference in either index of the follicular phase among the 3 groups. Compared with the healthy control group, the testosterone level in PMS patients of GYAS in the luteal phase showed increasing tendency (P > 0.05). The levels of dopamine and 5-HT of PMS patients of GYAS in the luteal phase were higher and the gamma-aminobutyric acid level was lower than those of the healthy control group (all P < 0.05). The levels of adrenaline and noradrenaline of PMS patients of GYAS and GQSS in the luteal phase were higher than those of the healthy control group (all P < 0.05). The levels of allopregnanolone and pregnenolone of PMS patients of GYAS and GQSS in the luteal phase were lower, and the dehydroepiandrosterone level was higher than those of the healthy control group (all P < 0.05). The ratios of dehydroepiandrosterone/allopregnanolone and dehydroepiandrosterone/pregnenolone of PMS patients of GYAS and GQSS in the luteal phase were higher than those of the healthy control group (P < 0.05). The decreased levels of pregnenolone and allopregnanolone, increased dehydroepiandrosterone levels, and increased ratios of dehydroepiandrosterone/allopregnanolone and dehydroepiandrosterone/pregnenolone might be one of biological factors for anger and depression in PMS patients of GYAS and GQSS. ER  - 
Medical treatment of bone metastases (BM) for lung cancer: Current status and perspectives; Clinical relevance of BM: Bone metastases are a major source of morbidity for patients with solid tumors (Coleman, Clin Cancer Res. 2006). They can decrease the mobility and the performance status, and may contribute to arrosion in quality of life for patients with lung cancer. Bone metastases are the most common cause of potentially debilitating pain (Mercadant, Pain, 1997). Because bone metastases are associated with a loss in bone structure integrity, they increase the risk of pathologic fractures, with the consequence of surgical or radiological interventions (Saad et al, Cancer, 2007). The incidence of skeletalrelated events (SREs) is becoming a greater concern in the lung cancer setting as patients life are extended by advances in antineoplastic treatment strategies (Tsuya et al, Lung Cancer, 2007). Each typ of SRE is associated with decreases in function and quality-of life. Moreover, pathologic fractures and spinal cord compression can result in prolonged convalescence or permanently impaired mobility and can be associated by depression and anxiety. Also bone metastases can be the first manifestation of lung cancer in a small percentage of patients, up to 40% of patients with advanced lung cancer developed bone metastases during the course of their disease (Coleman, Clin Cancer Res. 2006; Kagohashi et al, Int J Clin Pract, 2003). Current management of BM: Currently, treatment of BMs from solid tumors including lung cancer, mainly of palliative nature, involves radiation to bone, surgery, analgesics and bisphosphonates (Serafini, J Nucl Med, 2001). Multiple generations of bisphosphonates have been developed, each with different strength for inhibiting bone resorption. Early-generation nitrogen containing bisphosphonates such as pamitronate, elentronate, and ibantronate may provide transient palliation of bone pain, but may not provide objective long-term clinical benefit (Lipfon, J Support Oncol, 2004). The bisphosphonate zoledronic acid, a new-generation high-potential bisphosphonate has demonstrated broad clinical utility in managing malignant bone disease from a variety of solid tumors and has received international regulary approach (Lipton et al, Clin Cancer Res, 2004; Theriault, Expt Rev Anticancer Ther, 2003). Bisphosphonates are, however, associated with nephrotoxicity (Rosen et al, Cancer, 2004), which requires monitoring and may nessitate initial dose adjustment and withholding of doses. Therefore, combining of bisphosphonates with commonly used platinum-based chemotherapy as first-line treatment of advanced NSCLC is complicated by the overlapping renal safety profile of the two strategies. A new, innovative option for the management of BM: The receptor activator of nuclear factor-kapa B (RANK) and osteoprotegerin (OPG) axis plays a key role in maintaining normal bone homeostasis (Fuller et al, J Exp Med, 1998; Lacey et al, Cell, 1998; Lacey et al, Am J Pathol, 2000). In preclinical studies, it has been shown that tumor cells induce elevated levels of RANK ligant (RANKL) that increase osteolytic activity (Fizazi et al Clin Cancer Res, 2003). Denosumab (XGEVA) is a fully humanized monoclonal antibody against RANKL (Mc Clung et al, N Engl J Med, 2006). It is not cleared by the kidney and is therefore not associated with the same problems as bisphosphonates in patients with renal impairment. Denosumab's safety profile estabilished in the large number of patients with advanced solid tumors indicate infrequent osteonecrosis of the jaw rates similar to zoledronic acid, clearly fewer acute face reactions compared to zoledronic acid, an increase of hypocalcaemia which is not associated with symptoms and/or clinical sequelae (Stopeck et al, J Clin Oncol, 2010; Fizazi et al, Lancet, 2011; Henry et al, J Clin Oncol, 2011). Denosumab has received approval for the prevention of SREs in patients with solid tumors and bone metastases. Data from three randomized phase III-denosumab trials conducted in breast cancer, prostate cancer, and other solid tumors - including lung cancer - or multiple myeloma have been combined in a preplanned integrated analysis(Stopeck et al, J Clin Oncol, 2010; Fizazi et al, Lancet, 2011; Henry et al, J Clin Oncol, 2011). Here, patients were equally randomized to receive either a monthly subcutaneously denosumab injection (120 mg) or intravenous zoledronic acid (4 mg; dose adjusted for renal function). Daily calcium and vitamin D supplements were recommended. These analysis has demonstrated that denosumab is superior in the prevention of SREs over zoledronic acid by significantly prolonging time without SRE, and significantly reducing the SRE's rate overall. Furthermore, this analysis has established denosumab's safety profile in about 6000 patients with advanced solid tumors. The lung cancer subset of the solid tumors/myeloma trial (Henry et al, J Clin Oncol, 2011) was separately further investigated by an exploratory analysis assessing overall survival for denosumab in comparison to zoledronic acid. A total of 811 patients with lung cancer (702 NSCLC; 109 SCLC) were enrolled. The median age of that patients was 61 years, most were males and Caucasians. About 90% of patients in both treatment groups received prior chemotherapy. More denosumab than zoledronic acid patients had an ECOG status of 0 or 1. Overall survival was significantly prolonged with denosumab over zoledronic acid in patients with advanced NSCLC and SCLC . Overall survival was not effected by prior chemotherapy or differences in ECOG status between the groups. Adverse events (AEs) rates were similar between groups. Serious AEs occurred less frequently with denosumab than with the zoledronic acid. Osteonecrosis of jaw was balanced, and hypocalcaemia appeared more often under denosumab than under zoledronic acid. Denosumab's effect on bone metastases in solid tumors including lung cancer - conclusion: Denosumab clearly represent a new and innovative option for the management of bone metastases. Denosumab offers more benefit than zoledronic acid in terms of: a. significantly prolonging time without SRE, regardless of previous SRE history; b. consistently favours risk reduction in time to first SRE across tumor types; c. leading to significantly fewer SREs across different tumor types; d. significantly prolonging overall survival in advanced NSCLC and SCLC. Furthermore, because of denosumab's favourable safety profile and not being nephrotoxic, combining denosumab with standard platinumbased chemotherapy is not compromised by dose adjustment and dose reduction. ER  - 
A case of severe aortic regurgitation due to unrecognized endocarditis; Acute aortic regurgitation is most often caused by bacterial endocarditis (E), aortic dissection, or thoracic trauma. The authors present a case of severe aortic regurgitation secondary to E. The patient is a 66-year old man with a history of alcohol consumption who was admitted through the emergency department for a progressive worsening of dyspnea that had started 2 weeks previously and retrosternal pain aggravated by coughing. The patient also referred severe weight loss and denied fever. 1 month before admission he was medicated with levofloxacin for a respiratory infection, with transient symptomatic improvement. On admission he was dyspneic, not tolerating supine position. Physical exam revealed a regular pulse of 107 beats/min and a respiratory rate of 24 cycles/min; blood pressure was 117/54 mmHg. There was a long, diastolic murmur at the left sternal border. Pulmonary auscultation revealed globally decreased breath sounds. The 12-lead electrocardiogram showed sinus rhythm at 107 beats/min. Blood analysis revealed no anemia or inflammatory parameters elevation. Chest X-ray revealed bilateral pleural effusion. The patient was admitted to the coronary care unit for acute “de novo” heart failure (class IV of the NYHA). Transthoracic echocardiogram revealed an aortic valve with thickened cusps and vegetations, the largest one with 14x6 mm in the non-coronary cusp conditioning severe aortic regurgitation; moderate dilation of the left ventricle with severe depression of its systolic function. Echocardiographic evaluation was complemented with a transesophageal exam that revealed flail of the posterior aortic cusp. Coronary angiography showed normal coronaries. During hospitalization the patient showed progressive symptomatic improvement with medical therapy. He was always apiretic. Analytical inflammatory parameters and blood cultures were always negative. The patient was transferred to a cardiovascular surgery center where an aortic valve replacement and cleaning of vegetations of the anterior mitral leaflet were performed, confirming the suspicion of E. He was maintained on empirical antibiotic therapy for 6 weeks after surgery being discharged after completion of antibiotics. His pre-discharge transthoracic echocardiogram revealed an aortic prosthesis normally inserted with minimal prosthetic failure, and preserved biventricular systolic function. Heart failure is the most frequent complication of infective E, particularly when there is valvular aortic achievement (29%), representing the most frequent indication for surgery. The case of E described is distinguished by its atypia and reinforces the crucial role of echocardiography in diagnosing E. Although the sensitivity and specificity of “Duke” criteria, clinical judgment remains essential. ER  - 
Pharmacotherapeutic intervention for young and old Down syndrome persons might not be a dream anymore!; Background: Down syndrome (DS or T21) is a neurodevelopmental disorder and the commonest cause of genetic intellectual disability. T21 is caused by a whole or a part of a third chromosome 21 (HSA21) and it is only recently that basic research has provided some hope for identifying some pharmacotherapeutic targets by the study of few HSA21 candidate genes and their potential roles in neurodevelopment and aging. The numerous new T21 murine models provide the possibility to study the efficiency of old or new drugs for some cognitive deficits. These studies target at: a) individual HSA 21 genes such as DYRK1A; b) phenotypic consequences of trisomy such as degeneration or inflammation (AchE inhibitors, minocycline), neurotransmission (piracetam, PTZ); c) perturbations pathways (serotonine, NMDA, oxidative pathways) or neuroprotective pathways (NAP). Results: We will present a summary of these various targets and emphasize on Dyrk1A gene target and its inhibition by EGCG (epigallocatechingallate). Dyrk1A phophorylates many targets such as Tau and APP proteins involved in the neurohistopathology of both Alzheimer disease (AD) and T21. Dyrk1A overexpression induces behavioural and biochemical deficits in T21 murine models which can be reversed by EGCG. These results have led to the first pilot trial conducted in Spain by Dr. M. Dierssen on young adults and will be followed soon by two others trials in France and Spain. Conclusions: DS persons have very variable cognitive deficits and share with AD patients some early clinical symptoms such as poor smelling, sleep deficits, aphasia, poor motor coordination which could also be reversed by EGCG. Thus we suggest to add to the cognitive tests, an evaluation of smelling and sleep recovery (even through questionnaires). Since persons aged 30-50 with T21 are more vulnerable to depression, cognitive decline and dementia for some of them only, EGCG trials should also be beneficial to them. ER  - 
Ketamine as an adjunct for the long-term sedation and analgesia of a patient with a left ventricular assist device (VAD) and an open chest; Introduction Critically ill patients are often deeply sedated for patient comfort, but also to reduce the sympathoadrenal response to injury. Younger patients or patients chronically on opioids and benzodiazepines can be difficult to manage despite very high doses due to development of tolerance. Escalating opioid doses may prove ineffective and esacerbate opioid tolerance and hyperalgesia. Ketamine may be a useful adjunt in a mutimodal approach to maximize both pain control and sedation. We report a case utilizing ketamine as an adjunctive agent for the long-term sedation and analgesia of a patient with a Left Ventricular Assist Device (LVAD) and an open chest in the surgical cardiac care unit (SCCU). Case description A 5'10', 110 kg 28 year old male with no past medical history was admitted due to worsening shortness of breath and lower extremity edema. His work up included an echocardiogram which demonstrated a 20% ejection fraction with severe mitral valve regurgitation, pulmonary arterial pressure of 60/30, wedge pressure of 28, right atrial pressure of 22, and cardiac output of 4.5. Nonischemic cardiomyopathy was suspected at this point. The clinical management consisted of inotropic support of milrinone and nesiritide and subsequently Extracorporeal Membraneous Oxygenation (ECMO) for decreased cardiac function as well as antibiotics for sepsis secondary to a suspected hospital acquired pneumonia. Ultimately, on admission day 32, he was placed on LVAD but his chest remained open due to inadequate intraoperative hemostasis. Next day, the acute pain service was consulted because of inadequate sedation and pain uncontrolled by conventional means. By this time, the patient was receiving 300mcg/hr of fentanyl and 18mg/hr of midazolam, and was characterized as “-3 moderate sedation” according to the RASS scoring system. Ketamine was started at 20mg/hr with a 10mg bolus and was subsequently titrated up to 60mg/hr over the next six hours. A dramatic decrease in the amount of fentanyl and midazolam required for sedation and analgesia was observed. Over 24-36 hours, fentanyl dosage decreased from 18 to 4mg/hr while his fentanyl remained at 50mcg/hr from its original high of 300mcg/hr. During this time, his RASS score was “-2 light sedation.” Discussion Ketamine may be a useful adjunt to sedation in patients who also require analgesia and are on high doses of opioids. The addition of ketamine may improve patient comfort while decreasing opioid requirements and reduce opioid tolerance and hyperalgesia. Ketamine's effects on the cardiovascular system are well known and can be potentially beneficial even in critically ill patients with carefully titrated doses. Indirectly, it acts as a sympathetic stimulant via centrally mediated mechanisms to generate increases in heart rate, blood pressure, and cardiac output - all of which can be valuable to patients suffering from acute hypovolemic, septic or cardiogenic shock. Other useful effects of ketamine include its bronchodilating effects and minimal respiratory depression. In summary, a multimodal sedative and analgesic regimen utilizing ketamine in selective patients that require very high doses of opioids and benzodiazepines can be innovative and offer important advantages. ER  - 
Cardivascular outcome in major depression; Major depression with melancholic features is consistently associated with a pro-infl ammatory phenotype characterized by elevated cortisol and the cytokines tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF α ) and interleukin (IL)-6. The acute phase protein CRP, whose elevation is reported to increase the risk of cardiovascular disease, is also frequently elevated in depression. Several large scale prospective studies indicate that patients with major depression have a significantly increased risk of cardiovascular disease. This increased risk is seen in both men and women and is present when risk factors such as cigarette smoking, poor diet and a lack of exercise are controlled for. A diet high in the polyunsaturated fatty acid ω 3 is associated with a reduced risk of cardiovascular disease and depression. We tested the hypotheses that in major depression (1) higher ω 6: ω 3 ratios are associated with a pro-infl ammatory cytokine profile (2) ω -6: ω 3 fatty acid ratio is greater in antidepressant non-responders than responders. We found that depressed patients had elevations in arachidonic acid (AA) levels. The eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA):AA ratios were as follows: controls 0.08 ± 0.01; treatment responders 0.08 ± 0.01; treatment nonresponders 0.04 ± 0.01. These differences are signifi cant (p < 0.001). AA and IL-6 were highly correlated. Our studies show that depressed patients have increases in intra-abdominal fat content and elevated platelet Gp 1b receptor numbers. Both of these factors increase the risk of ischaemic heart disease. ER  - 
Searching for biological markers of mood disorders: Monoamines, neurotrophic factors, cellular respiration and related parameters; Objectives: A leading role in pathophysiology of mood disorders and therapeutic effects of antidepressants could be awarded to disturbed monoamine neurotransmission, dysfunction in energy metabolism of neurons, and changes in activities of transcription factor CREB, neurotrophic factor BDNF, glycogen synthase kinase 3 (GSK-3) or other components involved in neuroplasticity and apoptosis. The aim of the present study is to discover the relation between these parameters and clinical evaluation during depressive episode. Methods: Selected neurobiological parameters were measured in the peripheral blood of patients in depressive episode and in controls: activity of serotonin transporter, activity of monoamine oxidase, plasma concentrations of homocysteine, cortisol, prolactin and melatonin, activities of transcription, neurotrophic and antiapoptotic factors, activities of enzymes of citric acid cycle and activities of complexes of respiratory chain. Results: Citrate synthase activity was found slightly decreased, activity of Complex II was decreased and activities of Complex I or Complex IV were unchanged in depression. However, treatment with antidepressants led to changes in activities of all these enzymes (except for Complex II) with opposite effects in drug-naïve patients. The ratio pCREB/ CREB was not significantly modified and pGSK as well as the ratio pGSK/GSK were decreased in depression. Activities of platelet serotonin transporter and monoamine oxidase were markedly changed during treatment of depression. Plasma concentrations of cortisol and prolactin were increased, melatonin was decreased and homocysteine was unchanged in depression. Conclusions: Sensitive and specific genetic, biochemical, physiological, neuroendocrine or other biological tests are not known so far that are capable of diagnosing mood disorders and their subtypes or to predict efficacy of pharmacotherapy. We suppose that the results of our project could contribute to improve the understanding of mood disorders or to predict therapeutic response to treatment with antidepressants. ER  - 
Meta-analysis of the usage of biologics for depressive symptoms in patients with psoriasis; Introduction: Biologics have already found an established position in dermatological treatments. Recent studies indicate their advantageous influence in relieving of depressive symptoms in patients with psoriasis. Aim of the study: To investigate the usage of biologics for symptoms of depression in patients with psoriasis. Material and methods: Randomized control trials (RCT) that investigated the usage of infliximab, etanercept, adalimumabu and ustekinumab for depressive symptoms in patients with psoriasis were to be found. A statistical analysis was performed using MetaEasy, version 1.0.4. Meta-analysis was carried out based on the mean difference (MD) and lower and upper contingency interval (95% CI), in a random effects model. Results: A metanalysis included 2 RCTs of biological therapy conducted in 864 patients with psoriasis. Adalimumab for the treatment of depressive symptoms in psoriasis was found to be statistically more effective in comparison with placebo (MD=-0.61 [lower 95% CI=-1.01, upper 95% CI=-0.21). In comparison with placebo, ustekinumab was found to be more effective in relieving depressive symptoms at the dose of 90 mg (MD=-0.74 [lower 95% CI=-0.88, upper 95% CI=-0.6]), as well as 45 mg (MD=-0.64 [lower 95% CI=-0.78, upper use 95% CI=-0.5]). Conclusions: In relieving of depressive symptoms in patients with psoriasis the usage of adalimumab and ustekinumamb is more effective in comparison to placebo and points out the new direction of the potential applying/application of biological treatments. Copyright © 2012 Cornetis. ER  - 
Idiosyncratic adverse reactions of most frequent drug combinations longterm use among hospitalized patients with polypharmacy.; Inappropriate prescribing of a multiple therapeutic agents to patients with chronic conditions is very common in everyday practice. Adverse drug reactions (ADRs) are still considered as one of the main problems of drug therapy. We investigated idiosyncratic symptoms and signs of adverse drug reactions (ADRs) of the most frequent used combination of drugs among hospitalized patients prescribed polypharmacy. A cross sectional study (design) was performed in Pharmacies "Eufarm Edal" in Tuzla from 2010 to 2011. Polypharmacy was defined as using > or =4 drugs. The total study sample of 166 examiners was interviewed with a questionnaire about ADRs which was developed special for study. Linear regression analyses was used to evaluate predictors of idiosyncratic signs of adverse drug reactions of the most prevalent drug combinations; using length of drugs in cases polypharmacy more than 6 months as independent variable. Age, sex, index of cumulative morbidity, drug number in polypharmacy, type of drug combination related pharmacological effects, type of hospital clinics were used as possible confounders. The most common exposures to various drug combinations were: medication for high blood pressure and heart (62%), psychotropic drugs (59%), antacids (47%) and antibiotics (46%) among hospitalized patients with polypharmacy. Our results indicated that from 9.6% to 90.4% of hospitalized patients with polypharmacy had at least one suspicious long-term idiosyncratic drug combination use symptoms. The ADRs prevalence often used psychotropic drug combination was initiated suspected idiosyncratic adverse reactions: confusion, depression, anxiety, decreased libido and insomnia. Linear regression analyses also showed that it remains a very strange, and negative idiosyncratic and lacking therapeutic effects of use of antacids in conditions of polypharmacy. The toxicity of some drug combinations may sometimes be synergistic and be greater than the sum of the risks of toxicity of either agent used alone. In order to recognize and to prevent ADRs (including drug interactions), good communication between pharmacist and patient and/or physicians and patient is crucial, and prescribers should develop an effective therapeutic partnership with the patient and with fellow health professionals. ER  - 
Unraveling the time domains of corticosteroid hormone influences on brain activity: Rapid, slow, and chronic modes; Brain cells are continuously exposed to corticosteroid hormones, although the levels vary (e.g., after stress). Corticosteroids alter neural activity via two receptor types, mineralocorticoid (MR) and glucocorticoid receptors (GR). These receptors regulate gene transcription but also, as we now know, act nongenomically. Via nongenomic pathways, MRs enhance and GRs suppress neural activity. In the hypothalamus, inhibitory GR effects contribute to negative feedback regulation of the stress axis. Nongenomic MR actions are also important extrahypothalamically and help organisms to immediately select an appropriate response strategy. Via genomic mechanisms, corticosteroid actions in the basolateral amygdala and ventral-most part of the cornu ammonis 1 hippocampal area are generally excitatory, providing an extended window for encoding of emotional aspects of a stressful event. GRs in hippocampal and prefrontal pyramidal cells increase surface expression of α-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazolepropionic acid receptors and strengthen glutamatergic signaling through pathways partly overlapping with those involved in long-term potentiation. This raises the threshold for subsequent induction of synaptic potentiation and promotes long-term depression. Synapses activated during stress are thus presumably strengthened but protected against excitatory inputs reaching the cells later. This restores higher cognitive control and promotes, for example, consolidation of stress-related contextual information. When an organism experiences stress early in life or repeatedly in adulthood, the ability to induce synaptic potentiation is strongly reduced and the likelihood to induce depression enhanced, even under rest. Treatment with antiglucocorticoids can ameliorate cellular effects after chronic stress and thus provide an interesting lead for treatment of stress-related disorders. © 2012 by The American Society for Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics. ER  - 
Streptococcus milleri group cutaneous abscess associated with insulin injection to distal lower extremity in an insulin-dependent diabetic man; Purpose: We report a case of Streptococcus milleri group (SMG)-associated cutaneous abscess in an older diabetic man. The infection developed after subcutaneous insulin injection to the distal lower extremity. This is the first known account of SMG-associated abscess secondary to insulin administration.Summary: A 60-year-old Caucasian insulin-dependent diabetic male developed a severe cutaneous infection including abscess and surrounding cellulitis at the site of a self-administered insulin glargine injection on the medial portion of his right lower leg. The infection developed rapidly within 1 day following the injection. Cultures from purulent drainage were positive for SMG. The infection resolved rapidly with an antibiotic regimen including 1 dose of clindamycin followed by intravenous pipercillin/tazobactam plus vancomycin and concluded with outpatient treatment with sulfamethoxazole/trimethoprim. Organisms belonging to SMG are increasingly recognized as pyogenic pathogens responsible, most commonly, for abscess infections. SMG infections have been reported in diabetics; however, this is the first known case of SMG-associated abscess secondary to subcutaneous insulin administration.Conclusion: A 60-year-old diabetic male experienced a severe SMG-associated abscess in the distal lower extremity after self-injection with insulin glargine. The infection resolved rapidly with intravenous and oral antibiotics. Clinicians should be aware of the potential for abscess infection from SMG at insulin injection sites. © 2012 Thomas Land Publishers, Inc. ER  - 
Application of polyunsaturated fatty acids in internal medicine: Beyond the established cardiovascular effects; n-3 Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are organic acids, essential for mammals, whose deficiency is associated with different diseases. The American Heart Association recommends that all adults increase food-derived n-3 PUFA intake and also suggests that patients with documented coronary heart disease consume approximately 1 g of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid per day. However, recent evidence broadens their potential application to many other health disorders directly or indirectly associated with cardiovascular disease risk such as rheumatological diseases, mood depression, chronic kidney disease, chronic inflammatory lung diseases and others. These effects seem to be largely dependent on the dosages employed and on the characteristics of the selected patients. The cardiometabolic effects of PUFAs have been largely reviewed elsewhere, so the aim of our review is to point out the potential usefulness of such drugs with pleiotropic effects in the management of the actual typical aging patient, with co-morbidities and multidrug therapies. Copyright © 2012 Termedia & Banach. ER  - 
Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: prevalence, characteristics, and pharmacologic treatment in nursing home residents with cognitive impairment.; Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is prevalent in nursing home residents. National and international guidelines exist for management of COPD; however, little is known about "real-world" management of COPD in this population. Nursing home patients with significant cognitive impairment may have difficulty utilizing handheld device (HHD) formulations of respiratory medications and may be clinically appropriate candidates for nebulized therapy. To determine (a) the prevalence, clinical characteristics, and treatment of patients with a diagnosis of "emphysema/COPD" per Minimum Data Set (MDS) version 2.0 records in U.S. nursing homes and (b) the relationship of nebulized versus HHD formulations of medication to prevalence of shortness of breath in a cohort of cognitively impaired nursing home residents. In a descriptive, retrospective analysis of a large data repository of skilled nursing home residents with COPD, prescription claims and MDS data from October 1, 2009, through September 30, 2010, were extracted, linked, and de-identified. Measures included medications, diagnoses, and selected outcome parameters from the MDS. Cognitive impairment was defined as a score of 3-6 on the Cognitive Performance Scale derived from MDS records. A proxy of ≤ 14-day courses of respiratory antibiotics, oral corticosteroids, or both was used to identify COPD exacerbations. Shortness of breath (SOB) in the last 7 days was captured from Section J1.l. of the MDS. The total number of unique patients with at least 1 MDS record during the study period was 126,121. Of those, 27,106 (21.5%) had COPD. The prevalence rates of diagnoses concurrent with COPD were as follows: asthma = 8.6%, Alzheimer's disease or other dementia = 37.2%, congestive heart failure = 37.5%, anxiety disorder = 23%, depression = 50.1%, pneumonia = 21.2%, and respiratory infection = 9%. 58% of patients with COPD were white females aged 75 years or older. According to the MDS, 62% of COPD patients had a short-term memory problem, while 43.3% of patients had moderately or severely impaired cognitive skills for daily decision making. 83% of COPD patients with pharmacy claims (17,395/27,106) received at least 1 medication used to treat COPD; 9,711 (17.1%) received no respiratory medications. Use of beta-agonists (53.9%), anticholinergic medications (41.2%), long-acting beta-agonist/corticosteroid (LABA/ICS) combinations (28%) in HHD, and nebulized beta-agonist/anticholinergic combinations (26.6%) was prevalent. Inhaled LABA/ICS and long-acting anticholinergic therapy was received by 28% and 22% residents, respectively. 22% (n = 5,085) of patients exhibited at least 2 exacerbations of COPD, and 33% were noted to have SOB. Monotherapy with short-acting beta-agonists (SABA) was evident in 48.7% of cognitively impaired COPD patients. SOB within the previous 7 days was noted in 39.1% of cognitively impaired COPD patients treated with nebulized SABA monotherapy. 38% of these patients exhibited 2 or more COPD exacerbations, and 57.9% were hospitalized at least once during the 12-month period. LABA monotherapy or combined LABA/SABA use represented ≤ 1% of beta-agonist use for unique COPD patients with cognitive impairment. In this retrospective analysis of administrative data, 21.5% of nursing home residents had a diagnosis of COPD, and 17% of these residents received no respiratory medications. These residents had significant cognitive and functional impairment and concurrent diagnoses. 22% of residents experienced at least 2 exacerbations of COPD during the 12 months of study. As many as 60% were not receiving inhaled LABA/ICS or inhaled tiotropium, and 33% exhibited SOB. There is significant use of nebulized SABA monotherapy, which may be contributing to SOB and exacerbations or hospitalizations in nursing home residents with COPD. ER  - 
Low plasma levels of l-arginine, impaired intraplatelet nitric oxide and platelet hyperaggregability: Implications for cardiovascular disease in depressive patients; Background: Major depression (MD) is an independent cardiovascular risk factor, but the exact mechanisms are not clear. In this study we have investigated the intraplatelet l-arginine-nitric oxide (NO) pathway and platelet function in depressive patients. Methods: Nineteen unmedicated patients with MD (34 ± 4 years) and 19 control subjects (CS, 34 ± 3 years) were included. L-[3H]-arginine influx, NO synthase (NOS) activity and intracellular cGMP levels were evaluated in platelets, as well as the expression of eNOS, iNOS, arginase and soluble guanylate cyclase (sGC), platelet aggregation and the systemic amino acid profile in MD patients and CS. Results: l-arginine influx (pmol/109cells/min) in platelets was reduced from 46.2 ± 9.5 to 20.02 ± 2.12 in depression. NOS activity (pmol/108 cells) was diminished in MD patients (0.09 ± 0.01) compared to CS (0.17 ± 0.01). Intracellular cGMP levels were also impaired in MD patients associated with hyperaggregability. Moreover, the concentration of plasma l-arginine was reduced by 20% in MD patients. The expression of eNOS, iNOS, arginase II and sGC in platelet lysates was not affected by MD. Limitations: Small number of patients in the study. Conclusions: This study has demonstrated an impairment of l-arginine-NO signaling in platelets from MD patients, suggesting a role in platelet activation and cardiovascular events. © 2012 Elsevier B.V. ER  - 
Review of Dercums disease and proposal of diagnostic criteria, diagnostic methods, classification and management; Definition and clinical picture. We propose the minimal definition of Dercums disease to be generalised overweight or obesity in combination with painful adipose tissue. The associated symptoms in Dercums disease include fatty deposits, easy bruisability, sleep disturbances, impaired memory, depression, difficulty concentrating, anxiety, rapid heartbeat, shortness of breath, diabetes, bloating, constipation, fatigue, weakness and joint aches. Classification. We suggest that Dercums disease is classified into: I. Generalised diffuse form A form with diffusely widespread painful adipose tissue without clear lipomas, II. Generalised nodular form - a form with general pain in adipose tissue and intense pain in and around multiple lipomas, and III. Localised nodular form - a form with pain in and around multiple lipomas IV. Juxtaarticular form - a form with solitary deposits of excess fat for example at the medial aspect of the knee. Epidemiology. Dercums disease most commonly appears between the ages of 35 and 50years and is five to thirty times more common in women than in men. The prevalence of Dercums disease has not yet been exactly established. Aetiology. Proposed, but unconfirmed aetiologies include: nervous system dysfunction, mechanical pressure on nerves, adipose tissue dysfunction and trauma. Diagnosis and diagnostic methods. Diagnosis is based on clinical criteria and should be made by systematic physical examination and thorough exclusion of differential diagnoses. Advisably, the diagnosis should be made by a physician with a broad experience of patients with painful conditions and knowledge of family medicine, internal medicine or pain management. The diagnosis should only be made when the differential diagnoses have been excluded. Differential diagnosis. Differential diagnoses include: fibromyalgia, lipoedema, panniculitis, endocrine disorders, primary psychiatric disorders, multiple symmetric lipomatosis, familial multiple lipomatosis, and adipose tissue tumours. Genetic counselling. The majority of the cases of Dercums disease occur sporadically. A to G mutation at position A8344 of mitochondrial DNA cannot be detected in patients with Dercums disease. HLA (human leukocyte antigen) typing has not revealed any correlation between typical antigens and the presence of the condition. Management and treatment. The following treatments have lead to some pain reduction in patients with Dercums disease: Liposuction, analgesics, lidocaine, methotrexate and infliximab, interferon -2b, corticosteroids, calcium-channel modulators and rapid cycling hypobaric pressure. As none of the treatments have led to long lasting complete pain reduction and revolutionary results, we propose that Dercums disease should be treated in multidisciplinary teams specialised in chronic pain. Prognosis. The pain in Dercums disease seems to be relatively constant over time. © 2012Hansson et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Celecoxib enhances the effect of reboxetine and fluoxetine on cortical noradrenaline and serotonin output in the rat; A substantial number of patients with major depressive disorder (MDD) do not respond adequately to current antidepressant pharmacological treatments, which are all more or less based on a gradually increased enhancement of monoaminergic neurotransmission. Although a functional deficiency in monoaminergic neurotransmission may contribute to MDD, the etiology and pathophysiology are far from clarified. Recent studies suggest that inflammatory processes may contribute, since increased levels of pro-inflammatory cytokines and prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) have repeatedly been observed in a subset of patients suffering from MDD. Interestingly, adjunct treatment with the anti-inflammatory drug celecoxib, a cyclo-oxygenase-2 (COX-2) inhibitor which blocks the PGE2-production, has shown to enhance the efficacy of both reboxetine, a selective noradrenaline reuptake inhibitor, as well as fluoxetine, a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor, in treatment-resistant depression.To examine the neurobiological underpinnings to the clinical observations, we here studied the acute effects of a combined treatment with celecoxib and reboxetine on noradrenaline and dopamine output, as well as celecoxib and fluoxetine on 5-HT output in the medial prefrontal cortex, using in vivo microdialysis in awake freely moving rats. Celecoxib significantly potentiated the effects of reboxetine and fluoxetine on cortical noradrenaline and 5-HT output, respectively, but not the reboxetine-induced dopamine output. Moreover, celecoxib, when given alone, enhanced 5-HT output. These findings provide, in principle, novel experimental support for the clinical utility of combined treatment with antidepressant and anti-inflammatory drugs, such as COX-2 inhibitors, in MDD. © 2012. ER  - 
TNF-α-mediated anxiety in a mouse model of multiple sclerosis; Multiple sclerosis (MS) causes a variety of motor and sensory deficits and it is also associated with mood disturbances. It is unclear if anxiety and depression in MS entirely reflect a subjective reaction to a chronic disease causing motor disability or rather depend on specific effects of neuroinflammation in neuronal circuits. To answer this question, behavioral, electrophysiological, and immunofluorescence experiments were performed in mice with experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis (EAE), which models MS in mice. First, we observed high anxiety indexes in EAE mice, preceding the appearance of motor defects. Then, we demonstrated that tumor necrosis factor α (TNF-α) has a crucial role in anxiety associated with neuroinflammation. In fact, intracerebroventricular (icv) administration of etanercept, an inhibitor of TNF-α signaling, resulted in anxiolytic-like effects in EAE-mice. Accordingly, icv injection of TNF-α induced per se overt anxious behavior in control mice. Moreover, we propose the striatum as one of the brain regions potentially involved in EAE anxious behavior. We observed that before disease onset EAE striatum presents elevated TNF-α levels and strong activated microglia, early signs of inflammation associated with alterations of striatal excitatory postsynaptic currents (EPSCs). Interestingly, etanercept corrected the synaptic defects of pre-symptomatic EAE mice while icv injection of TNF-α in non-EAE mice altered EPSCs, thus mimicking the synaptic effects of EAE. In conclusion, anxiety characterizes EAE course since the very early phases of the disease. TNF-α released from activated microglia mediates this effect likely through the modulation of striatal excitatory synaptic transmission. © 2012 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
The role of microglia and TNF-αlpha in long-term potentiation at C-fiber synapses in spinal dorsal horn; Long-term potentiation (LTP) is a common mechanism of memory storage in CNS. LTP at C-fiber synapses in spinal dorsal horn is induced by intensive electrical stimulation (at 100Hz or 2Hz), nerve injury or tissue inflammation. LTP-inducible stimulation leads to lasting hyperalgesia in rodents and in human. Accordingly, the spinal LTP is considered as a synaptic model of pathological pain. Accumulating evidence has demonstrated that activation of microglia regulates synaptic plasticity by releasing pro-inflammatory cytokines. In hippocampus activation of microglia inhibits LTP, while in spinal dorsal horn we found that microglia inhibitor minocycline dose-dependently depressed the synaptic strength at C-fiber synapses. Minocycline at 50 μM did not affect spinal LTP of C-fiber evoked field potentials induced by high frequency stimulation (HFS), at 100 μM complete blocked the spinal LTP and at 200 μM HFS induced long-term depression (LTD). Following spinal LTP induction Src-family kinases (SFKs) were activated only in microglia, but not in astrocytes and neuron and SFKs inhibitors also enabled HFS to induce LTD. The effects of minocycline and SKFs inhibitors are completely reversed by pretreatment with TNF-αlpha, indicating that activated microglia may contribute to LTP by releasing TNF-α. In hippocampus TNF-α inhibits LTP via activation of NF-κB, JNK and p38 signaling, while in animals with neuropathy TNF-α induced spinal LTP via the same signaling. In naive animals TNF-α was essential for spinal LTP induction. Therefore, the drugs targeting at microglia and TNF-α may not only attenuate chronic pain but also improve memory in hippocampus. ER  - 
Impaired hippocampal neurogenesis and depressive behaviors in interferon-alpha-treated mice and monkeys; Therapeutic use of interferon-alpha (IFN-a) a proinflammatory cytokine for chronic viral hepatitis and malignant diseases, causes depression in about 30% of patients, which frequently interrupts the treatment. IFN-a-treated animals also show depression-like behaviors, but their mechanisms remain largely unknown. Neuronal progenitors in the dentate gyrus of hippocampus continuously generate new neurons in the adulthood. Previous studies suggest that decreased neurogenesis in the hippocampal dentate gyrus is involved in the neuropathology of several psychiatric diseases including depression. Here, we investigated the effect of IFN-a on the hippocampal neurogenesis and depression-related behaviors in rodent (mouse) and primate (common marmoset) models. IFN-a treatment for over 4 weeks significantly suppressed the proliferation of neuronal progenitors, followed by decrease in the number of new neurons in the dentate gyrus and induction of depressive behaviors, in both mice and common marmosets. In addition, the IFN-a treatment activated microglia and increased expression of proinflammatory cytokines in the hippocampus. Co-administration of minocycline, an antibiotic known to suppress microglial activation, completely cancelled the IFN-a-induced defects in neurogenesis and behavior in mice. These results suggest that IFN-a suppresses hippocampal neurogenesis through microglial activation, which might be involved in the neuropathology of IFN-a-induced depression. ER  - 
Valproic acid-induced acute liver failure; Purpose: A 48-year-old female with a past medical history of depression, deep venous thrombus, and subarachnoid hemorrhage secondary to a ruptured intracranial aneurysm presented to the emergency department with jaundice and altered sensorium. She had undergone craniotomy with hematoma evacuation two months prior at which time she was started on valproic acid. Her other medications included propranolol, coumadin and duloxetine. She denied alcohol and illicit drug use. On examination, she was hemodynamically stable. She had scleral icterus without splenomegaly, ascites or skin changes suggestive of chronic liver disease. She was confused and noted to have asterixis. Initial laboratory data revealed total leukocyte count of 6.2 x 103/uL, platelets 205×103/uL and hematocrit 37.1%. Liver function tests revealed: AST 232 u/L, ALT 270 u/L, total bilirubin 25.3 mg/dL, direct bilirubin 17.2 mg/ dL, albumin 2.4 g/dL, prothrombin time 43.5 seconds, INR 3.9 and ammonia 120 umol/L. A detailed serological work-up for etiology of liver failure was negative. The patient was managed conservatively for hepatic encephalopathy with lactulose and empirically started on prednisone 40mg daily for probable autoimmune hepatitis. Her hospital course was complicated by progressively worsening mental status and hyperbilirubinemia. She underwent transjugular liver biopsy revealing submassive hepatocellular necrosis strongly suggestive of a drug/toxin-induced etiology. No viral cytopathic effects or lymphoplasmacytic inflammatory infiltrates suggestive of autoimmune hepatitis were identified and iron stain was negative. Valproic acid-induced acute liver failure was diagnosed and she underwent orthotropic liver transplant with an uneventful postoperative recovery. Valproic acid is a known hepatotoxic agent but acute liver failure is rare. Our current interpretation of the natural history and outcome of transplantation in these cases is based on case reports and small case series in the pediatric population. Interestingly, children transplanted for valproic acidassociated liver failure have a significantly lower one-year survival probability compared to other anti-epileptic or drug-induced acute liver failure. It has been postulated that valproic acid-induced acute liver failure in children represents an unmasking of underlying mitochondrial disease but it is unclear if the same holds true for the adult population. We report this case not only for its rarity but also to address gaps in understanding the clinical presentation, progression and outcome of this potentially fatal condition in the adult population. ER  - 
Pancreatitis and hepatitis as manifestations of dress syndrome: Two case reports; Purpose: Drug Reaction with Eosinophilia and Systemic Symptoms (DRESS) Syndrome is a rare delayed drug hypersensitivity reaction. Hepatitis is one of the most frequent visceral manifestations, while pancreatitis occurs in <5% of cases. We report two cases of DRESS syndrome with both hepatitis and pancreatitis. Case 1: A 23-year-old female with history of borderline personality disorder and depression presented to the ED with fever, body aches, nausea, vomiting, abdominal pain and rash. Past medical history was noticeable for her starting on lamotrigine 10 days prior to presentation. In the ED, the patient was hypotensive. The rash was diffuse, maculopapular, erythematous, non-blanching and non-vesicular. Laboratory investigations showed normal WBC count but with eosinophilia (9.8%), elevated liver transaminases (AST 1333 IU/L, ALT 305 IU/L) and elevated lipase (962 IU/L). Infectious work-up including blood cultures, chest x-ray and urine cultures were negative; viral hepatitis panel was negative; gall bladder ultrasound showed no gall stones. On admission, lamotrigine was discontinued; she was maintained on IV fluids; and antibiotics were started empirically until all cultures came back negative. Skin biopsy revealed epidermis with patchy and superficial mixed acute and chronic dermal inflammation. The patient was diagnosed with DRESS syndrome with acute pancreatitis and hepatitis due to lamotrigine. Her symptoms, liver enzymes and lipase continued to improve during the hospitalization and eventually normalized. Case 2: A 58-year-old male with history of gout presented to the ED with malaise, fever, abdominal pain and rash. Past medical history was significant for patient starting allopurinol 3 weeks prior to presentation. The rash was diffuse, erythematous and pustular. Laboratory investigations revealed elevated WBC count (12.5 K/μL) with eosinophila (10%), elevated liver enzymes (AST 873 IU/L, ALT 699 IU/L, bilirubin 4.3 mg/dL), elevated amylase (359 IU/L) and lipase (345 IU/L). Infectious work-up including blood cultures, chest x-ray and urine cultures were negative; viral hepatitis panel was negative. On admission, allopurinol was discontinued; the patient was maintained on IV fluids and started on high dose steroids (prednisone 100 mg/day). Skin biopsy showed neutrophilic dermatitis with acute suppurative folliculitis. The patient was diagnosed with DRESS syndrome due to allopurinol. His symptoms, liver transaminases and lipase improved with steroids and fluids. The patient was discharged on steroid taper regimen. Conclusion: DRESS syndrome is a rare clinical entity that should be considered in the differential diagnosis of pancreatitis and hepatitis in the setting of new medications. ER  - 
Acute hepatitis as an unusual presentation of mycoplasma pneumoniae infection without lung involvement in adults: A case series; Purpose: Mycoplasma pneumoniae has been linked with hepatitis in children. In adults, hepatic involvement is considered a rare presentation of M. pneumoniae infection. We report 2 adult patients having hepatic disease from M. pneumoniae without the lung involvement. Case 1: A 51-year-old Caucasian female presented with fever, right upper quadrant pain and night sweats for 5 days. Patient had a history of CAD, hyperlipidemia and depression. She denied alcohol or illicit drug use. Physical examination was unremarkable except for a temperature of 102 F. Patient was found to have neutropenia (ANC < 600) and elevated liver enzymes as follows: AST 3400 U/L (5-37), ALT 3700 U/L (5-41), and alkaline phosphatase 600 U/L (20-140). Total bilirubin, CXR and urine analysis were normal. The following studies were performed and were normal/ negative: acute viral hepatitis panel; serologies for EBV, CMV, HSV 1 and 2, and parvovirus; nasal swab for influenza A and B; HIV screen; Quantiferon Gold; Legionella urinary antigen; and ANA, ASMA, and AMA assays. Abdominal sonogram was also normal. However, her M. pneumoniae IgM serology was positive. Patient was initially started on meropenem and levofloxacin for febrile neutropenia. She was later switched to levofloxacin for 7 days. Her LFT's normalized within 1 month. Case 2: A 46-year-old African American male presented with shortness of breath and right sided chest pain for 2 days. Patient had a history of depression, diabetes mellitus and hypertension. He denied alcohol or illicit drug use. Physical examination was unremarkable. Patient was found to have leukocytosis of 23,000/μL and elevated liver enzymes as follows: AST 661 U/L (5-37), ALT 1307 U/L (5-41). His alkaline phosphatase, bilirubin, CXR and CT scan of chest were normal. The following studies were performed and were normal/negative: acute viral hepatitis panel; serologies for EBV, CMV, and HSV 1 and 2; HIV screen; and ANA. Abdominal sonogram was also normal. Lastly, his M. pneumoniae IgM serology was positive. Patient was started on levofloxacin for 7 days and his LFT's normalized. Extrapulmonary features of M. pneumoniae may occur in the skin, cardiovascular, neurologic and hematologic systems, but few cases of infection in adults with liver involvement and no respiratory tract infection have been reported. Our cases reinforce the fact that acute hepatitis can occur in M. pneumoniae infection in adults. Rapid recovery of LFT's after initiation of antibiotics suggests direct hepatocyte infection over an immune mediated mechanism. Our cases help raise awareness of the possibility of M. pneumoniae infection, with or without lung involvement, as a part of the evaluation of undetermined hepatitis. ER  - 
Fulminant ebv colitis in a patient with HIV; Purpose: MK is a 31-year-old male with a history of HIV/AIDS with a CD4 count of 153, anxiety, depression and methamphetamine use who presented with diffuse abdominal pain, bloating and watery diarrhea for one week. A CT of the abdomen demonstrated distal colonic inflammation with mild wall thickening in the descending colon. He was placed on broad spectrum iv antibiotics. A flexible sigmoidoscopy demonstrated deep ulceration in the rectum. He subsequently began to have hemorrhaging of blood from his rectum and emergently underwent a subtotal colectomy and later, removal of the rectum due to continued bleeding. Pathologic analysis of the colon demonstrated fulminant colitis with extensive ulceration. An EBER1 stain demonstrated focal high-density clusters of large mononuclear cells in the lamina propria as well as scattered EBER1 positive cells in the deeper layers of the bowel wall, suggesting EBV as the pathologic cause of colitis. Aft er an extended post-operative recovery, complicated by a partial small bowel obstruction and TPN-associated cholestasis, the patient did well and was discharged home. EBV infections of the GI tract are rare. Only six cases have been reported in the literature that have been associated with immunodeficiency due to chemotherapy. Only two have been described in patients with normal immunity. EBV is a linear, double-stranded DNA that persists in >90% of humans worldwide. It is often implicated in self-limiting mononucleosis and associated with lymphoma. EBV-associated lymphoma in the gastrointestinal tract is well-known, but, involvement in the tract without overt lymphoma is rare. Infections of the GI tract often present with fever, diarrhea and rectal bleeding. Clinical features that differentiate EBV-associated colitis from other causes include dense lymphoid infiltrates in the lamina propria as well as positive immunohistochemical staining. In summary, EBV infections of the GI tract are rare, and can possibly lead to fulminant colitis. Reported cases are almost always associated with immunodeficiency. However, these cases are usually associated with immunosuppressive therapy. It is therefore important to consider EBV-related disease when evaluating severe colitis of an unknown origin, especially in a patient with immunocompromise from any etiology. ER  - 
Two cases of neonatal myocardial infarction: Severe asphyxia and erythrocytosis; Purpose. Neonatal myocardial infarction (MI) is a rare event, with a high mortality rate (90%). We describe two different cases of newborns with normal heart and normal coronary pattern, survived to myocardial infarction. Methods. First case: a full term neonate presented with severe asphyxia after cesarean delivery. He was pale, hypotonic and polipnoic. He was treated with oxygen administration. Heart rate was of 180 beats minute and the noninvasive blood pressure was of 40/30 mmHg. Nasal cPAP ventilation was started and hypoglycemia and metabolic acidosis were corrected. One hour after admittance he presented a wide QRS tachycardia with a heart rate of 250 beats minute. The 12-lead electrocardiogram (ECG) showed a ventricular tachycardia (VT) (Fig. 1) with morphology of right ventricular outflow tract and inferior axis that spontaneously resolved after few minutes. A transthoracic echocardiogram (TTE) showed a structural normal heart, normal origin of coronary arteries, severe global hypokinesia of the left ventricle (LV) ejection fraction (EF) of 10%, second degree mitral regurgitation (MR) and mild tricuspid regurgitation with an estimated pulmonary artery systolic pressure of 50 mmHg. Systemic blood flow was maintained by the persistence of a wide patent arterial duct (PDA) with a large shunt from the pulmonary artery and descending aorta. After some hours the ECG showed that ST tract was elevated in D1 mm and aVL and a marked ST segment depression from V1 to V6 (Fig. 2). Baby was treated with low doses of inotropic infusional therapy and furosemide maintaining an adequate cardiac output. Second case: a full term female neonate, born by normal vaginal delivery with birth weight 2.880 kg and history of maternal smoking during pregnancy, referred at our institute for suspicious of myocardial ischemia at ECG. On admission she was hypotonic with erythrosic and dry skin, heart rate was of 150 beats minute and the noninvasive blood pressure was of 50/30 mmHg. Blood examination showed a very high haematocrit level (Htc) 80%, metabolic acidosis and normal C-reactive protein, normal platelet count. Echocardiography showed hypocontractile LV with EF of 35%, moderate MR, trivial aortic regurgitation, small PDA with left to right shunt. The ECG showed inferiorlateral wall myocardial infarction (Figs. 3 and 4). Infective agents were excluded at laboratory test and thrombophilia screening, urinary amino acids and glycogenesis tests were negative. She was successfully treated with inotropic support, i.v. heparin, dual oral antiplatelet therapy (acetyl salicylic acid, 5 mg/kg, and clopidogrel, 0.2 mg/kg) and vasodilatators. After 7 days, she developed severe myocardial hypertrophy, probably due to compensatory mechanisms. Conclusions. Neonatal myocardial infarction is a rare event in the newborn with normal heart and normal coronary pattern, with very high mortality. Thromboembolism, coagulopathy, birth asphyxia, erithroblastosis and enteroviral myocarditis are the most common causes. Early diagnosis and management in a tertiary centre is necessary. We describe two different cases of neonatal myocardial infarction. The first one had MI and VT after a birth asphyxia with natural arterial duct assistance and low drug assistance; it represents a rare case in terms of treatment and long-term follow-up. The other one had MI after a severe secondary polycythemia, with very high Htc, treated with medical therapy. MI and sudden death are more common in older patients with polycythemia and underlying coronary artery disease. Nimit et al. described a case of a 25-year-old patient with spontaneous aortic thrombosis causing a left main coronary occlusion after secondary polycythemia. In neonates it is undescribed case. Both children are still alive: the first after 46-month follow-up, the second after 2-month follow-up. (Figure presente). ER  - 
Symptom fluctuation during maintenance infliximab therapy for Crohn's disease; Background The current prescribing recommendation for infliximab maintenance therapy for Crohn's disease is 5 mg/kg every 8 weeks. Although this schedule is effective in preventing relapse, a number of patients suffer with breakthrough symptoms despite demonstrating mucosal healing. In addition to this, Infliximab pharmacokinetics studies demonstrate as few as 40% of patients have detectable trough serum levels prior to their next scheduled dose [1]. Aims To characterise loss of symptom control at infliximab dose nadir, by examining intestinal and extra-intestinal symptoms during a standard maintenance infliximab cycle. Methods Consecutive patients with Crohn's disease on maintenance infliximab therapy at Princess Alexandra Hospital were included. As part of the routine clinical management, symptoms were assessed at day 7 and day 56 of their maintenance treatment cycle with a modified Psychosomatic Symptom Checklist (PSC) and Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS). Symptoms within the PSC were defined as either 'intestinal' or 'extra-intestinal'. CRP and CDAI were measured at day 56 to correlate symptom scores with disease activity. Results 6 patients were included to date. In 5 out of 6 patients, there was an increase in gastrointestinal (3.3 ± 1.5, p = 0.08) and extra-intestinal (6.8 ± 5.8, p = 0.297) symptom scores from day 7 to day 56, as well as HADS scores (5.0 ± 2.4, p = 0.106). There was a significant correlation between HADS scores and PSC scores (r = 0.89, p = 0.043), as well as between PSC scores and CDAI (r = 0.895, p = 0.016) and PSC scores and CRP (r = 0.881, p = 0.021). Conclusion This is the first systematic assessment of gastrointestinal and extraintestinal symptoms during the course of the anti-TNFα treatment cycle. There is a trend for symptom breakthrough at day 56. Since it is well established that the 8 week interval is sufficient to control mucosal lesions, further research is needed to assess whether the symptom development precedes clinical inflammation and tissue damage. ER  - 
Arachidonic acid metabolism and neuroinflammation in bipolar disorder and its treatments; The cause and treatment of bipolar disorder (BD) are not agreed on. Inheritance appears polygenic, with evidence of neurotransmission imbalance, disease progression, and neuroinflammation [1-3]. Recent rat studies suggest that proven effective BD drugs commonly target the brain arachidonic acid (AA) cascade. Thus, chronic administration of lithium, carbamazepine, valproate, or lamotrigine to rats downregulated AA turnover in brain phospholipids, prostaglandin E2 formation, and expression of AA cascade enzymes, including cytosolic phospholipase A2, cyclooxygenase-2 and acyl-CoA synthetase-4. Changes were selective for AA, since docosahexaenoic or palmitic acid metabolism was unaffected; topiramate, ineffective in BD, did not change AA metabolism. Downregulation of the AA cascade by mood stabilizers corresponded to inhibition of AA neurotransmission via dopaminergic D2-like and glutamatergic NMDA receptors in rats. Chronic atypical antipsychotic olanzapine and clozapine reduced brain AA metabolism to some extent, by reducing plasma AA availability through their liver effect. Antidepressants that increase switching of BP depression to mania (fluoxetine, imipramine) upregulated rat brain AA metabolism; non-switching bupropion did not. These observations suggest that the brain AA cascade is a common target of effective anti-BD drugs, and that bipolar symptoms, particularly mania, are associated with an upregulated cascade and excessive AA signaling via D2-like and NMDA receptors. The observations are consistent with increased expression of AA metabolizing enzymes and markers of neuroinflammation/ excitotoxicity, and downregulated synaptic markers, in postmortem BD frontal cortex, and efficacy of chronic aspirin as adjunctive therapy to lithium in a pharmaco-epidemiological study. ER  - 
Etanercept effect on aortic nitric oxide dependent vasorelaxation in an unpredictable chronic mild stress model of depression in rats; Purpose: Stress has been recognized as a risk factor for cardiovascular disease and depression. The correlation between them is not well understood however, inflammation has a crucial role. Since tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha is a major cytokine in the activation of neuroendocrine, immune and behavioral responses; we aimed to explore the effects of TNF-alpha inhibition on endothelium-dependent vascular reactivity, blood pressure and e NOS immunoreactivity in unpredictable chronic mild stress (UCMS) model of depression in rats. Methods: Animals were divided to the following study groups: Control animals not exposed to UCMS, animals exposed to UCMS, etanercept (a TNF inhibitor) treated group (0.8 mg/kg, weekly, during 8 weeks) while exposed to UCMS. UCMS groups with or without treatment were subjected to different types of stressors (restraint for 4 h, cage tilting for 24 h, wet bedding for 24 h, swimming in 4°C cold water for 5 min, swimming in 45°C hot water for 5 min, pairing with another stressed animal for 48 h, level shaking for 10 min, nip tail for 1 min and inversion of the light/dark cycle for 24 h. These nine stressors were randomly applied for 56 days, and each stressor was applied 6-7 times during this time period. Rats received one of these stressors per day and the same stressor was not applied for 2 days so that the animals could not predict the occurrence of stimulation. The stress procedure did not involve any food or water deprivation. The control groups receiving no stress had free access to food and water. At the end of the 8-week period of UCMS, systolic blood pressure was recorded by tail cuff method, the aortas of the rats were removed and placed in the organ chambers for isometric tension measurements. Also, some part of aortas were fixed to 10% neutral buffered formalin after the routine tissue tracking phases by taking 3 mm sections, cells in the aorta were examined with e NOS antibodies immunohistochemically. All data were expressed as a mean value ± Standard error of the mean. The contractile force was expressed as milligrams of developed tension. The relaxant effects of agonists were expressed as a percentage of the precontraction to phenylephrine. Significance was tested by one-way analyses of variance (ANOVA) with a posthoc Tukey's-Kramer test. Probabilities of less than 5% (P <0.05) were considered significant. Summary: UCMS led to decreased vascular reactivity demonstrated by a vasorelaxation response to carbachol; and sodium nitroprusside-induced relaxation did not changed in stressed animals; etanercept treatment improved carbachol-induced endothelium dependent relaxations seen in UCMS. Also, no significant change was observed in the systemic blood pressure of animals between all groups and e NOS immunoreactivity decreased in UCMS group, whereas there were no significant change in etanercept treatment group. Conclusions: UCMS may impair endothelium dependent relaxation of vascular smooth muscle. The impaired relaxations of vascular smooth muscle can be markedly improved by administration of etanercept. This observation strongly supports the concept that decreased production and or availability of nitric oxide contribute to vascular dysfunction in UCMS. ER  - 
Predictors of relapse in a fixed-dose, randomized, double-blind, 52-week relapse prevention trial of selegiline transdermal system; Purpose: Major depression is a chronic disorder with at least 75% of patients experiencing recurrences and/or relapses. Recurrent episodes and relapses have also been shown to be predictors of treatment resistance in MDD when compared to single episode depression. The variability in treatment relapse in major depressive disorder (MDD) has led to investigations of the relevance of patient characteristics as predictors of relapse. Despite consistent evidence for efficacy, the clinical use of monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOIs) has declined due to safety concerns about food and drug interactions. Selegiline transdermal system (STS), US FDA approved for major depressive disorder, was developed to overcome the limitations of oral MAOIs, in particular, dietary restrictions. Labeling for STS 6 mg/24 hr requires no restrictions, while 9 mg/24 hr and 12 mg/24 hr doses necessitate dietary modifications. In clinical trials without dietary modifications, there were no reports of hypertensive crisis associated with STS. Selegiline transdermal system (STS) has been demonstrated to be an effective and well-tolerated acute and maintenance treatment for MDD [1], [2]. STS delivers sustained blood levels of monoamine oxidase inhibitor (MAOI) directly into systemic circulation, avoiding the need for a tyramine-restricted diet at the 6 mg/day dose. To date, predictors of response or relapse with STS have not been assessed. The purpose of this post hoc analysis was to examine clinical characteristics predictive of relapse in a 52-week controlled, pivotal trial of selegiline transdermal system (STS) [1]. Method: After 10 weeks of open-label stabilization with STS, 322 remitted patients with MDD were randomized to 52-weeks of double-blind treatment with STS (6 mg/24 hrs) or placebo. Relapse was defined as Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD-17) score of ≥14 and a CGI-S score of ≥3 with at least 2-point increase from the beginning of double blind phase on 2 consecutive visits. Pretreatment demographics, illness course, treatment resistance and symptom domains were studied to identify predictors of relapse. Results: Significantly fewer STS patients (16.8%) relapsed compared to placebo (30.7%) (p<0.005) and had a significantly longer time to relapse than did placebo (p<0.005) across the 52 week trial. Baseline total HAMD-28 score, somatic anxiety, recurrent MDD, atypical depression, and analgesic use (celecoxib, naproxen) predicted relapse. Significant predictors of differential outcome were identified: (1) high baseline HAMD-28 score (p<0.001), high somatic anxiety (p<0.05) and celecoxib use (p<0.05) predicted relapse with STS; (2) atypical symptoms (p<0.05), recurrent episodes (p<0.05) and naproxen use (p<0.01) predicted relapse with placebo. Conclusions: For patients on STS, higher baseline depression severity, somatic anxiety or receiving celecoxib predicted relapse, while predictors of relapse with placebo were atypical or recurrent depression or naproxen use. The results are in line with previous research on the utility of MAOIs for patients with anxiety and/or atypical symptoms and provide indirect evidence of treatment specificity by identifying characteristics which may be of value in selection of patients for STS treatment. ER  - 
Effect of antidepressants and cyclooxygenase- 2 inhibitor on cytokines and tryptophan metabolites after immune challenge in astrocytes; Background: Immune activation induces pro-inflammatory cytokines which enhance the tryptophan (TRP) degradation into kynurenine (KYN) and imbalance in kynurenine. This mechanism has been reported to be involved in pathophysiology of major depression or depressive episodes after treatment with proinflammatory cytokines. It is hypothesized that this imbalance in kynurenines occurs in the immune cells in the brain, such as astrocytes and microglia and induces depression. Aim: To understand the mechanisms of antidepressants in relation to immune activation and TRP metabolites changes, the effects of different antidepressants on immunologically challenged mouse astrocytes cultures were investigated. Methods: The astrocytes from the 2-day old C57BL/6JRccHsd mice brains were cultured with medium alone or with interferon-g (IFN-γ), a pro-inflammatory cytokine which activates the immune system; and with and without different antidepressants (fluoxetine, reboxetine, venlafaxine, imipramine) or anti-inflammatory celecoxib for 72 hours at 37°C. TRP metabolites in the culture supernatants were analyzed using high performance liquid chromatography. Cytokines and signaling pathways were analyzed using commercial ELISA kits from USCN and Abnova. Results: When medications were added to baseline culture without immune stimulation, only unclear disturbance of the baseline level was observed on nuclear factor-κB (NFκB) expression. With IFN-γ there is high expression of NFκB which is suppressed by all antidepressants and celecoxib. IFN-γ stimulation resulted in increased TNF-α levels and there was no reversal effect of medications. In contrast, all drugs resulted in a significantly decreased secretion of pro-inflammatory cytokine Interleukin-1b (P = 0.024). Without IFN-γ challenge, medications reduced TRP except fluoxetine. In terms of KYN there were unclear fluctuations without stimulation. In contrast, without immune activation, the antidepressants increased kynurenic acid (KYNA) and reduced 3-hydroxykynurenine (3-HK). IFN-γ induced a strong breakdown of TRP. However, KYN level itself was not increased. Most probably, it was further metabolized to KYNA and 3-HK since both metabolites showed increase after the stimulation. The reversal effects of drug treatments were observed only in terms of TRP, KYN and 3-HK. Conclusions: The results of this study indicated that antidepressants have some anti-inflammatory effects as observed in anti-inflammatory compound celecoxib. Moreover, antidepressants change KYNA and 3-HK levels when there is no immune challenge. In case of IFN-g stimulation TRP levels were reduced since IFN-g activated the enzyme Indoleamine-2,3-dioxygenase. Antidepressants could reverse the effect on TRP. KYN levels were also reduced. This could be explained by the fact that IFN-g activated enzyme kynurenine-3-monoxygenase leading to high 3-HK level. It was also due to further degradation to KYNA which was indicated by increase in KYNA level. In terms of 3-HK, all antidepressants showed partial reversal effect. These antiinflammatory effects and effects on kynurenine pathway might be one of the mechanisms of those antidepressants. In addition it can be concluded that unnecessary treatment of culture without immune challenge with medications can disturb the basal physiological processes as it was observed in NFúB (P = 0.027). ER  - 
Treatment of glossodynia (burning mouth syndrome) with quetiapine; Purpose: This article is to present a case with burning mouth syndrome treated with quetiapine. Methods: A 64-year-old, right handed Korean female patient was evaluated by Structured Clinical Interview for DSM-IV Axis I Disorder (SCID-I), Hamilton Depression Rating Scale, Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale and Beck Depression Inventory tests. She had magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of the brain and gastrofiberscope. Her blood work was included complete blood count (CBC), erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR), liver function test (LFT), hepatitis B surface antigen and antibody (HBsAg and Ab), Electrlyte, folic acid, vitamine B12, random glucose level, thyroid hormone level (T3, T4), thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH). Result: This patient with 2 years history of primary insomnia, presented in 2011.11.8 with painful and burning sensation of mouth which was very disturbing for her. She woke up without pain and noted increasing symptoms throughout the day and into the evening. She was consulted with Department of dentistry, gastroentorology, ENT, neurology, dermatology and gynecology; and no organic cause was found. Endoscopic evaluation of the gastrointestinal tract presented mild gastritis only. CT of brain and EEG results were within normal limits. She was examined in psychiatry inpatient clinic by psychiatrist. She only met the criteria for somatoform disorder not otherwise specified in DSM-IV by CIDI. Her distressful life events (cerebral infarction of her husband, poor economic state, marital dysharmony with her husband for a long time) were noticed during psychiatric examination. Her Hamilton depression and anxiety scores were 15 and 18, subsequently. Symptoms were unresponsive to Nortriptyline (Sensival) 70 mg, NSAID (Ibuprofen) 600 mg, Alprazolam (Xanax) 1.5 mg and then also Risperidone 2 mg-3 mg, SSRI (Prozac 20 mg, Lexapro 10 mg), but the administration of Quetiapine (Seroquel) 400 mg (200 mg to 400 mg) significantly reduced oral burning sensation. The present case illustrates the effectiveness of quetiapine as a treatment of burning mouth syndrome. This case is noteworthy because the patient was refractory to benzodiazepine and tricyclic antidepressant, SSRI, risperidone therapy. The patient responded to a medication currently indicated only for psychosis in schizophrenia and acute mania in bipolar disorder. Conclusion: Burning mouth syndrome (BMS) is a disorder characterized by a burning sensation of the oral cavity in the absence of local or systemic abnormalities. In the literature a variety of terms are used to describe similar symptoms, such as glossodynia, glossopyrosis, stomatodynia and oral dysestesia. Depression, anxiety disorder, hypochondriasis and conversion disorder may be considered among the psychiatric disorders responsible for this phenomenon. BMS predominantly affects women in the fourth and fifth decades of life, with an overall female-male ratio of 7:1. A variety of causes have been proposed for BMS including oral mucosa disease, menopause, medication and psychosomatic disorders. There is still no single effective treatment regimen for BMS. In this article, we report our experience with quetiapine as a beneficial therpy. This is the first reported case treated with quetiapine of the symptoms of glossodynia (burning mouth syndrome). ER  - 
Effect of different anxiolytic and antiinflammatory drugs on tryptophan metabolites after immune challenges in astrocytes culture; Purpose of the study: Immune activation induces proinflammatory state or cytokines which enhance the tryptophan (TRP) degradation into kynurenine (KYN) and then KYN in 3-hydroxykynurenine (3-HK). It is hypothesized that increased TRP breakdown occur in the immune cells in the brain such as astrocytes and microglia and this induces decreased serotonin synthesis and impaired the balances between different tryptophan downstream pathway metabolites, 3-hydroxykinurenine and kynurenic acid (KYNA). This mechanism, KYN-pathway imbalance, has been reported to be involved in pathophisiology of major depression or depressive episodes after treatment with proinflammatory cytokine such as interferon-a, and also in anxiety like behavior in rodents. Here, the effects of different drugs whit anxiolytic action (benzodiazepines: lorazepam and diazepam; antidepressant compounds: imipramine, escitalopram venlafaxine; and one antiepileptic: pregabalin) and anti-inflammatory compounds (celecoxib and aspirin) on immunologically challenged mouse astrocytes cultures were investigated. Methods: The brains of 2-day old C57BL/6JRccHsd mice were dissected and collected in the RPMI medium. The brain tissue was homogenized and seeded into culture flasks. On day 12 the microglia were removed by shaking the culture flasks at 220 rpm for two hours. Then the astrocytes were cultured (approximately 60,000 cells/well in one ml RPMI culture medium alone or with LPS (bacterial toxin) or PolyI:C (viral mimetic) and with and without different anxiolytic (lorazepam, diazepam, imipramine, escitalopram, venlafaxine, pregabalin) and anti-inflammatory (celecoxib, asprin) compounds for 72 hours at 37°C. TRP metabolites in the culture supernatants were analyzed using UPLC whit XBridge C18 (Waters) column, and florescent detector for TRP and KYN and UV for 3HK and KYNA. Results: Treatment with diazepam and celecoxib could be beneficial to tryptophan availability in case of LPS challenge. Treatment whit diazepam, celecoxib and aspirin could reduce tryptophan breakdown in astrocites culture stimulated with LPS. Challenge with LPS could induce somewhat decrease in kynurenic acid (KYNA) and increased in 3-hydroxykynurenine (3HK) and obvious increased in 3HK/KYN ratios. Reduction in KYNA seemed to be well corrected by diazepam whereas none of these compounds could correct the increase in 3HK. Therefore, the 3HK/KYN ratio is also increased. Conclusions: We found increased tryptophan breakdown and decrease of KYNA after LPS challenge, we could demonstrate the imbalance in the downstream kynurenines after challenge with LPS which might be due to faster degradation of kynurenines into 3HK. This increase of neurotoxic compound after LPS challenge could not be corrected by any of the tested anxiolytic or antiinflammatory compounds. However, tryptophan breakdown was reduced by diazepam, celecoxib and aspirin. Diazepam and celecoxib could also prevent the reduction of tryptophan levels by LPS. Moreover diazepam and venlafaxine could increase KYNA levels. The results suggest that the anxiolitic effect of diazepam might be partly due to the effect through kinurenine pathway, and that celecoxib and aspirin could be beneficial in case of inflammatory state induced anxiety. ER  - 
Delirium of elderly patients in the emergency room; Purpose: Delirium is a neuropsychiatric syndrome with core features of acute onset and fluctuating course, attentional deficits and generalized severe disorganization of behavior [1]. It is known that delirium is common among elderly patients and is associated with poor clinical outcomes, including prolonged hospital stay time and mortality [2]. As a number of elderly patients have been increasing in emergency department, the prevalence of delirium has been on the rise. However, delirium has been likely to be under-recognized by emergency medical teams [3]. Our study was designed to evaluate the frequency, the clinical effects and risk factors of delirium of hospitalized elderly patients in emergency department. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed the 414 cases of elderly patients admitted to emergency department and stayed over 24 hours between January 2008 and December 2009. We examined the frequency and assessed the clinical effects and risk factors. The clinical effects were assessed by hospital stay time and mortality. The candidates of risk factors included personal history (age, sex, alcohol abuse, smoking), transfer from nursing home, cognitive disorder (dementia, depression), neurologic disorder (stroke), medical condition (malnutrition, dehydration, infection, hypoxia, metabolic derangements, electrolyte imbalance, hemodynamic instability, visual impairment, hearing loss), drugs (3 or more medications, anesthetics, analgesics, sedatives, antibiotics, anticholinergics, antihistamines, bronchodilators, cardiac medications, diuretics, steroids). Each of the candidate risk factors were examined using independent sample t-test and Pearson's chisquare test. Next, multivariate logistic regression was developed to identify independent risk. The candidate variables which have statistical significance were included to logistic regression analysis and the results were expressed with odds ratio and 95% confidence interval. Results: A total of 42 patients (10.1%) developed delirium in emergency department over 12 month period studied. Among the candidate variables, male, dementia, depression, stroke, malnutrition, dehydration, hypoxia, metabolic derangements, electrolyte imbalance, hemodynamic instability, 3 or more medications, analgesics, sedatives, antibiotics, bronchodilators, cardiac medications, and diuretics were risk factors for delirium (p<0.05). Independent risk factors of delirium by logistic regression model were stroke (4.78, 2.09-11.00, P<0.01), metabolic derangements (3.87, 1.76- 8.51, p<0.01), dementia (3.65, 1.27-10.50, p = 0.01), hemodynamic instability (3.34, 1.43-7.81, p<0.01), depression (2.62, 1.07-6.40, p<0.01). The development of delirium in emergency department was associated with significant poor outcomes including increased hospital mortality (19.0% vs. 8.1%, p = 0.04) and prolonged hospital stay time (+3.5 days, p <0.01). Conclusion: Deliriums were prevalent, despite it is difficult to recognize delirium because of distractibility and short observation time in emergency environment. Since the risk factors of delirium are very common in emergency department, emergency department physician should know the risk factors and effect to clinical outcome of delirium, and try to recognize delirium earlier. ER  - 
Evolved thinking in mood disorders: New insights into disease pathophysiology; Monoaminergic, glutamatergic and GABAergic pathways and hypothalamus-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis overactivity have been implicated in the development of mood disorders. However, there is renewed interest in, and increasing evidence supporting, the role of several other pathways and their interconnectedness in the pathophysiology of bipolar disorder and major depressive disorder (MDD) (e.g., inflammatory pathways, neurogenesis and oxidative stress). Of particular note, elevated levels of pro-inflammatory cytokines and prostaglandin (PG) E2 in the blood and cerebrospinal fluid have been observed in patients with MDD. Pro-inflammatory cytokines stimulate the HPA axis and increase cortisol levels, thereby desensitising central glucocorticoid receptors and reducing the negative feedback control of cortisol secretion [1]. Moreover, pro-inflammatory cytokines and PGE2 are responsible for neuronal damage and normal repair mechanisms involving brainderived neurotrophic factor that are inhibited by elevated cortisol levels. Furthermore, patients with MDD have elevated serum levels of potent neurotoxins (3-hydroxykynurenine and quinolinic acid) that are end products of the kynurenine pathway induced by pro-inflammatory cytokines. N-Acetylcysteine (NAC) is a precursor of glutathione, which is the brain's predominant free radical scavenger and recently interest has been expressed in its utility for treating bipolar I or II depression [2]. The putative antidepressant effects of NAC may be exerted via its effects on glutamate neurotransmission, neurogenesis and inflammation. Increased knowledge of the brain-body interconnection and how immune and endocrine systems affect the brain has led to a better understanding of the impact of these systems on neuronal networks affected in mood disorders. This may, in turn, herald future pharmacotherapeutic vistas. ER  - 
Where do we go from here? Pharmacotherapy of mood disorders; Recommended treatment options for bipolar mania include lithium, anticonvulsants and atypical antipsychotics; however, there are clear differences in their evidence base for bipolar depression, the predominant mood symptom of the disorder [1]. Among recommended agents, a robust evidence base supports the efficacy of quetiapine and quetiapine XR in not only acute bipolar mania but also acute bipolar I or II depression and maintenance treatment. There is a paucity of well-controlled data to support the use of monoamine-based antidepressants (SSRIs and SNRIs) in treating bipolar depression despite their recommended first-line use in patients with major depressive disorder (MDD). Potential limitations to SSRI or SNRI use in MDD include inadequate response, induction of mood switch, slow onset of action and tolerability concerns, particularly with long-term use. Thus, the available armamentarium of treatments for mood disorders is suboptimal and new pharmacotherapeutic options are needed. Several novel mechanisms/pathways are emerging that may yield potential antidepressant options in patients with MDD including multimodal serotonergic agents, triple uptake inhibitors, neurokinin-based agents, glutamatergic agents, nicotinic receptor-based therapies, neurogenesis-based agents and antiglucocorticoid treatments [2]. Some of these pathways are also being investigated using existing drugs from other indications that are repurposed for antidepressant use in mood disorders (e.g., ketamine [NMDA receptor antagonist], ceftriaxone [enhanced glutamate uptake], varenicline [nicotinic receptor partial agonist], mifepristone [glucocorticoid receptor antagonist] and infliximab [anti-TNF]). It is hoped that ongoing and planned research into novel and repurposed drugs will yield effective future pharmacotherapies, forming part of an individualised, targeted-treatment strategy in patients with mood disorders. ER  - 
Mind-body interface: Polyunsaturated fatty acids and somatic symptoms in major depressive disorder; Purpose: Lower n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 or omega-3 PUFAs) levels and genetic variations on their metabolic enzymes of PUFA metabolic enzymes, phospholipase A2 (PLA2) and cyclo-oxygenase-2 (COX2), have been found to be associated with the risk of depression (1-4). In this study, we aimed to examine specific roles of n-3 PUFAs, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and the polymorphisms on PLA2 and COX2 in different clusters of depressive symptoms. Material and method: Patients with major depressive disorders (n = 122) and their healthy controlled subjects (n = 122) were assessed to examine the effects of PUFA levels and single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) of PLA2 BanI and COX2 rs4648308 genes on the development of major depression and on specific clusters of depressive symptoms. Results: Patients with major depressive disorders had a significant lower level of EPA (p = 0.03) and a trend of lower level of DHA (p = 0.08). The COX2 rs4648308 AG genotype was associated with a higher risk of major depression (p = 0.006; odds ratio = 2.36, 95% CI = 1.27-4.40), while the PLA2 BanI GG genotype had a borderline effect (p = 0.06; odds ratio = 1.81, 95% CI = 0.87-3.79). The 'at risk' COX2 polymorphism was associated with more somatic symptoms (p = 0.003) and lower DHA (p = 0.002), and the 'at risk' PLA2 polymorphism was associated with more somatic symptoms (p = 0.025). In addition, lower EPA and DHA levels were both significantly correlated with more somatic symptoms in patients with depression. Conclusion: Genetic variations in the COX2 and PLA2 genes have effects on depression and somatic features, possibly by affecting the levels of EPA and DHA. N-3 PUFAs may be a potential biomarker to understand clinical subtypes of depression (1). ER  - 
Association between anti-tumor necrosis factor therapy and the risk of ischemic stroke in subjects with rheumatoid arthritis. Results from the british society for rheumatology Biologics Registers-Rheumatoid Arthritis (BSRBR-RA); Background/Purpose: Subjects with rheumatoid arthritis (RA) are at increased risk of cardiovascular (CV) morbidity and mortality, with some studies suggesting an increased risk of stroke (CVA). The aim of the analysis was to study the association of anti-TNF therapy with ischemic CVA (isCVA) in routine clinical practice. Methods: The BSRBR-RA is an ongoing national prospective cohort study of subjects with RA recently started on anti-TNF therapy (etanercept, infliximab, adalimumab). A biologic-naïve comparator cohort of subjects with RA treated only with non-biologic disease modifying anti-rheumatic drugs (nbDMARDs) was also recruited. Both cohorts were recruited from 2001-2008 and were followed by physician and patient questionnaires every six months for the first three years and annual physician questionnaires thereafter, in which data on serious adverse events such as CVAs and drug therapy were reported. All subjects were also linked to the national death register. Further data about reported CVAs were collected from medical records and validated against the World Health Organization criteria for CVA. These were further classified as isCVA using CT brain reports or if isCVA was reported as the underlying cause of death from death certificates using International Classification of Diseases 10 (ICD-10) code I63. Only validated isCVAs were included in the analysis. Subjects with prior CVA were excluded. Subjects were censored at first isCVA, death or date of last physician follow-up, whichever came first. Risk of isCVA was compared between the nbDMARD cohort and subjects ever exposed to anti-TNF using a Cox regression model. Adjustment was made using propensity scores stratified by deciles, which included age, gender, ethnicity, BMI, DAS28, disease duration, HAQ, prior nbDMARD use, steroid use at baseline, year of entry to study, smoking, baseline drugs including NSAIDs, digoxin, warfarin, antiplatelet agents, statins, history of cancer, hypertension, ischaemic heart disease, diabetes, depression and chronic lung disease. Results: To 10/31/2010, 130 verified incident isCVA (21 in 3271 nbDMARD subjects, 109 in 11642 anti-TNF subjects) occurred during 11973 and 61226 person-years (pyrs) of observation respectively (incidence rate 175 versus 178 per 100,000 pyrs). After adjustment, there was no association between ever exposure to anti-TNF and isCVA risk: hazard ratio (HR) 0.88 (95% CI 0.46, 1.71). (Table Presented) Conclusion: Exposure to anti-TNF therapy does not appear to be associated with the risk of isCVA over the short term when compared to nbDMARD therapy. Further follow-up is needed to assess time-varying risk. ER  - 
Persistent meningitis in a patient with cranio-sphenoidal fistula and CSF flow obstruction; Background. Complications of bacterial meningitis may produce important neurological and neurocognitive sequelae with impairment in the quality of life (Montreal Cognitive Assessment Score=22 points, Hamilton Scale=22 points). We aimed to determine the cause of persistent meningitis for more than 3 months. Case report. A 65 year-old female was diagnosed in May 2012 with acute Streptococcus pneumoniae meningitis. The patient had a background of cranio-sphenoidal fistula due to a traffic accident with cranial trauma (closed in 2004). She was referred to the National Institute of Infectious Diseases “Prof. Dr. Matei Balş.” for recurrence of fever and dizziness at interruption of antibiotics and for persistent CSF abnormalities during current treatment. The neuroimaging studies (MRI with contrast enhancement) revealed important inflammation of the sphenoidal sealing material, multiple intrathecal thickenings leading to obstruction in the whole spine and hydrocephaly. Periodic imagistic evaluation showed decrease of the sphenoidal sealing patch inflammation, but persistence of hydrocephaly. Serial evaluations of the CSF showed improvement under antibiotics and steroids treatment. The mental status of the patient remained unchanged even when the biological inflammation diminished and the MRI result was favorable. Conclusion. CSF permeability on sphenoidal level with infection of sealing material provides the reason for persistence of meningitis. High CSF protein concentration due to pneumococcal meningitis may be responsible for the appearance of multiple seclusions with secondary alteration of CSF dynamics. All these have repercussions on the mental status: depression and impaired cognition. They have persisted after 1 month of stopping treatment. ER  - 
Shortness of breath in association with pituitary-dependent cushing syndrome; INTRODUCTION: Cushing's syndrome is an uncommon disorder of glucocorticoid excess with an estimated annual incidence of 2.3 per million/year. Most cases are adrenocorticotropin hormone (ACTH) dependent; originating either from a pituitary tumor or less frequently, from non-pituitary tumors secreting ectopic ACTH. The clinical manifestations of Cushingâ€™s syndrome are variable and differ in severity depending on the degree and duration of hypercortisolism. The classical presentation including cardiovascular, metabolic, dermatological, musculoskeletal and psychiatric manifestations is generally recognized by clinicians, but in many cases the picture is less clear and diagnostically challenging. CASE PRESENTATION: A 37 year old male was admitted with complaints of progressive dyspnea, facial swelling and uncontrolled hyperglycemia. Past medical history included hypertension and depression. Physical examination was significant for obesity, moon face, abdominal purple striae and lower extremities bruises. Initial laboratories revealed high cortisol levels and confirmation by inferior petrosal sinus sampling was consistent with pituitary-dependent Cushing's syndrome. Treatment was started with ketoconazole; however he continued to have shortness of breath and hypoxemia. A CT chest showed a cavitary lesion with associated pleural effusion. Pleural fluid cultures grew methicillin sensitive staphylococcus aureus that was felt to be related to bacteremic seeding from septic thrombophlebitis of the right upper extremity. Despite appropriate antibiotics, the patientâ€™s overall condition did not improve with continued hypoxia and dyspnea, necessitating bronchoscopy with bronchoalveolar lavage and transbronchial biopsy. The biopsy was positive for Pneumocystis jiroveci. He was started on trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole and experienced significant clinical improvement. Repeat cortisol levels were also improved. DISCUSSION: Patients with endogenous Cushingâ€™s syndrome have impaired immunity and predisposition to infections; hence the recognition that hypercortisolism can attenuate the clinical signs and symptoms of infections is of utmost importance. However, opportunistic infections in these patients are rare. Graham reviewed a total of 23 cases of opportunistic infections in endogenous Cushing's, 14 of whom died of infection (1). Previous studies indicate that opportunistic infections occur less frequently in patients with pituitary forms of Cushingâ€™s syndrome. Our case is unusual given the opportunistic infection in the setting of pituitary-dependent Cushing's syndrome. CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, clinical suspicion for opportunistic infection should be maintained along with early control of cortisol levels in Cushingâ€™s patients, otherwise there is significant mortality. ER  - 
Poor symptom control with short-acting inhaled medications in nursing home residents with COPD; Purpose: Determine the prevalence, clinical characteristics, and treatment of residents with a diagnosis of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) in nursing homes and examine the relationship between medication use and shortness of breath (SOB) in a cohort of cognitively impaired (CI) residents. Methods: Deidentified Minimum Data Set (MDS) 2.0 and prescription data for residents with a COPD diagnosis were linked and analyzed. Exacerbations were defined by a proxy of a short course of respiratory antibiotics and/or corticosteroids. Descriptive statistics were performed. Results: The prevalence of COPD was 21.5%. Approximately 18% of residents were ≥ 85 years; 14% were < 65 years of age. Common comorbidities included depression (50%), congestive heart failure (38%), dementia (37%), anemia (31%), and anxiety (23%). Moderate to very severe CI was present in 42% of residents; 33% had SOB. Use of inhaled short-acting agents was very common (> 80%); about 60% received long-acting agents. Use of nebulized short-acting agents was also frequent; nebulized long-acting agents were used minimally. Exacerbations were noted in 20% of residents. Use of handheld devices to deliver short-acting beta-agonists (SABA) and long-acting beta-agonists (LABA) was common in these residents (∼50%). Nebulized LABA use was minimal. Inhaled SABA monotherapy was received by 40.9% of CI residents; however, those who received LABA monotherapy had a 56.4% lower incidence of SOB. Conclusion: The use of SABA monotherapy is highly prevalent in nursing home residents with CI, who frequently exhibit SOB. Improvement in the use of long-acting bronchodilators would better align therapy with established guidelines and may improve SOB and reduce exacerbations in this population. ER  - 
Acute ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction associated with acetylsalicylic acid induced anaphylaxis; Development of acute coronary syndrome after exposure to allergic agents quite unexpected and a very rare event. Occurrence of chest pain by chance after allergic reactions 'Allergic Angina' concept defined for the first time in 1991 and is named Kounis syndrome. In this case, we aimed to present a patient admitted with acute coronary syndrome to our clinic after the usage of acetylsalicylic acid. 24-year-old female patient, was admitted to the emergency department with complaints of left arm pain, and palpitations starting. 1 hour after oral administration of 500 mg ASA. She was diagnosed Asthma 8 years ago and had a history of allergy to cephalosporin-penicillin derivative antibiotics. ECG of patient showed 2 mm ST elevation in V1-V3 and 1 mm ST depression in D2-D3-AVF derivations (Figure 1) Because of the rising level on Troponin I, acute coronary syndrome was considered, anti-ischemic, antiplatelet and anticoagulant therapy was initiated and planned for early coronary angiography. She had normal coronary angiography (Figure 2) Follow-up, she had no cardiac concurrent symptoms, the patient was discharged with instructions. According to our knowledge, Kounis syndrome after the use of ASA is not reported previously in the literature, the patient was admitted with acute coronary syndrome to our clinic, in this regard it can be considered first in the literature. ER  - 
Characteristic features of acute myocardial infarction course in patients with metabolic syndrome; Aim of the research: to reveal the specific features of acute period of myocardial infarction (MI) in patients with metabolic syndrome (MeS). Research Methods: 173 patients with the diagnosis of Q-wave MI aged 55 (range 51-61 years) were examined. 109 MI patients with MeS were included into the main study group. MI patients without MeS (n = 64) comprised a comparison group. The examination of cardiovascular system included the use of electrocardiography, echocardiography, multisliced computed tomography with coronary calcium screening, coronary arteries contrast study as well as selective coronary angiography. Laboratory tests were performed and psychological status was assessed. The obtained data were processed with Statistica 6.0 software. Results: The course of MI in patients with MeS is characterized by high complication rates reaching 75% in the acute phase of the disease. In the acute MI phase patients with MeS compared with MI patients without MeS exhibited greater expression of left ventricular dilatation processes (the proportion of patients with the end diastolic size of the left ventricle ≥5.7 was 43% and 14%, respectively). In the presence of increased level of markers of neuroendocrine activation (brain natriuretic peptide: 5.8 (2.5-9.2) ng/ml, 4.5 (1.3-6.0) ng/ml, atrial natriuretic peptide: 0.99 (0.74-1.25) ng/ml, 0.84 (0.68-0.98) ng/ml; cortisol: 205 ± 12 ng/ml, 164 ± 8 ng/ml; leptin: 14.5 (8.0-21.0) ng/ml, 8.0 (3.5-13.0) ng/ml) it contributes to the development of dysadaptation type of post MI left vertricular remodeling process. There was a greater scale of the atherosclerotic process revealed in the coronary arteries of MI patients with MeS compared to MI patients without MeS accompanied by frequent detection of hemodynamically significant stenosis atherosclerotic lesions, multivessel and occluding coronary disease, greater extension of stenosed areas in the coronary arteries (21 ± 3 mm, 8 ± 1 mm), increased total number of stenosed areas as well as coronary arteries stenosis with complicated morphology. Conclusion: The most important features determining the development of prognostically significant MI complications in the presence of MeS during the acute phase of the disease include: myocardial fatty-acid-binding protein, concentrations of D-dimers and atrial natriuretic peptide, fasting glucose level, myocardial left ventricular mass index, local myocardial contractility index, levels of reactive and personal anxiety and depression. ER  - 
Detection and quantitation of aripiprazole and its metabolite dehydroaripiprazole in human serum by LC-MS/MS; Background: Aripiprazole (Abilify®) is a second generation antipsychotic for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and clinical depression. Aripiprazole (ARP) is metabolized by CYP3A4 and CYP2D6 and its major active metabolite is dehydroaripiprazole (DARP). Drug serum/plasma concentration monitoring of ARP and DARP can be helpful to improve efficacy, or to detect an over-dosage, thus optimizing therapy. Methods: In this study, a rapid, accurate, and sensitive LC-MS/MS method for the detection and quantification of ARP and its main metabolite DARP, in human serum/plasma samples, was developed and evaluated. The calibration curves of ARP and DARP using 0.1mL serum were linear from 20-1000 ng/mL and 10-1000 ng/ mL, respectively. Serum levels of ARP and DARP were quantitated, and the sum of ARP and DARP and the metabolic ratio DARP/ARP were calculated. Protein precipitation was used as the extraction method. Aripiprazole-d8 was chosen as the internal standard. The analytical HPLC system used a Pinnacle DB Biphenyl column with a binary mobile phase consisting of an aqueous phase of water and formic acid and an organic phase of acetonitrile and formic acid, coupled with positive ESI. The protonated analyte was detected in MRM mode in API 4000 system. A gradient time program was used and a second transition was monitored to provide a qualifying ion ratio to ensure component identity. The following mass transitions were used: m/z 448.4>285.2 and 448.4>176.2 for ARP, 446.4>285.2 and 446.4>174.2 for DARP, and 456.4>293.2 for internal standard aripiprazole-d8. Results: A subset of 110 randomly selected samples sent to our lab for ARP testing were de-identified and used in the study. Of the tested samples, 23% were <20 ng/mL ARP. The ARP (mean ± standard deviation) serum concentration was 221±207 ng/ mL (range, 21-1120 ng/mL). The DARP mean serum concentration was 67±59 ng/mL (range, 0-300 ng/mL). The sum of ARP and DARP mean serum concentration was 282±261 ng/mL (range, 21-1420 ng/mL). For the ARP serum levels, the DARP/ARP ratios (in %) were calculated. The ARP serum level <50 ng/mL had DARP/ARP mean ratio 4% (range 0-15%); ARP 50-100 ng/mL had mean ratio 22% (range 0-50%); ARP 100-200 ng/mL had mean ratio 32% (range 0-59%); ARP 200-300 ng/mL had mean ratio 33% (range 7-56%); ARP 300-400 ng/mL had mean ratio 24% (range 12-39%); ARP >400 ng/mL had mean ratio 27% (range 18-47%). Conclusions: From the literature it is known that improvement may be best in patients with 150-300 ng/mL aripiprazole, with no or mild side effects at 110-249 ng/mL. Data obtained from our study showed that the ARP serum levels between 50-300 ng/mL had variability in DARP/ARP ratio ranging from 0-59%, showing biggest inter-individual variations at these levels. Thus, measuring serum concentrations for both ARP and DARP may be more beneficial compared to only measuring ARP concentration for personalized treatment with aripiprazole. ER  - 
Persistent Meningitis in a Patient with Cranio-sphenoidal Fistula and CSF Flow Obstruction; Background. Complications of bacterial meningitis may produce important neurological and neurocognitive sequelae with impairment in the quality of life (Montreal Cognitive Assessment Score=22 points, Hamilton Scale=22 points). We aimed to determine the cause of persistent meningitis for more than 3 months. Case report. A 65 year-old female was diagnosed in May 2012 with acute Streptococcus pneumoniae meningitis. The patient had a background of cranio-sphenoidal fistula due to a traffic accident with cranial trauma (closed in 2004). She was referred to the National Institute of Infectious Diseases “Prof. Dr. Matei Balş” for recurrence of fever and dizziness at interruption of antibiotics and for persistent CSF abnormalities during current treatment. The neuroimaging studies (MRI with contrast enhancement) revealed important inflammation of the sphenoidal sealing material, multiple intrathecal thickenings leading to obstruction in the whole spine and hydrocephaly. Periodic imagistic evaluation showed decrease of the sphenoidal sealing patch inflammation, but persistence of hydrocephaly. Serial evaluations of the CSF showed improvement under antibiotics and steroids treatment. The mental status of the patient remained unchanged even when the biological inflammation diminished and the MRI result was favorable. Conclusion. CSF permeability on sphenoidal level with infection of sealing material provides the reason for persistence of meningitis. High CSF protein concentration due to pneumococcal meningitis may be responsible for the appearance of multiple seclusions with secondary alteration of CSF dynamics. All these have repercussions on the mental status: depression and impaired cognition. They have persisted after 1 month of stopping treatment. ER  - 
Asymptomatic Endemic Chlamydia pecorum Infections Reduce Growth Rates in Calves by up to 48 Percent; Intracellular Chlamydia (C.) bacteria cause in cattle some acute but rare diseases such as abortion, sporadic bovine encephalomyelitis, kerato-conjunctivitis, pneumonia, enteritis and polyarthritis. More frequent, essentially ubiquitous worldwide, are low-level, asymptomatic chlamydial infections in cattle. We investigated the impact of these naturally acquired infections in a cohort of 51 female Holstein and Jersey calves from birth to 15 weeks of age. In biweekly sampling, we measured blood/plasma markers of health and infection and analyzed their association with clinical appearance and growth in dependence of chlamydial infection intensity as determined by mucosal chlamydial burden or contemporaneous anti-chlamydial plasma IgM. Chlamydia 23S rRNA gene PCR and ompA genotyping identified only C. pecorum (strains 1710S, Maeda, and novel strain Smith3v8) in conjunctival and vaginal swabs. All calves acquired the infection but remained clinically asymptomatic. High chlamydial infection associated with reduction of body weight gains by up to 48% and increased conjunctival reddening (P<10-4). Simultaneously decreased plasma albumin and increased globulin (P<10-4) suggested liver injury by inflammatory mediators as mechanisms for the growth inhibition. This was confirmed by the reduction of plasma insulin like growth factor-1 at high chlamydial infection intensity (P<10-4). High anti-C. pecorum IgM associated eight weeks later with 66% increased growth (P = 0.027), indicating a potential for immune protection from C. pecorum-mediated growth depression. The worldwide prevalence of chlamydiae in livestock and their high susceptibility to common feed-additive antibiotics suggests the possibility that suppression of chlamydial infections may be a major contributor to the growth promoting effect of feed-additive antibiotics. © 2012 Poudel et al. ER  - 
Progressive neuropsychiatric and brain abnormalities after smoke inhalation; A 46-year-old man inhaled combustible smoke of unknown chemical composition for 15-20 min in an automobile body shop. Within 1 month, he noted headache, sadness, anergia, anhedonia, agitation, poor sleep and impairment of concentration, attention and learning skills. Three years later, mental status examination showed major depression and cognitive disorder manifested by apprehension, continuous sadness, agitation, exhaustion, difficulty with word finding, bradyphrenia, short-term and long-term memory impairment, and judgement impaired by impulsive and affect-laden reactions without reflection. Impairments were noted on neuropsychiatric tests, and positron emission tomography (PET) scan of the brain with 18F-fluorodeoxyglucose showed globally decreased and heterogeneous metabolic activity in the entire brain. Treatment included sertraline, methylphenidate, valproic acid and topiramate. At 14 years after smoke inhalation injury, he had persistent cognitive impairment. Repeat brain PET scan showed areas of improvement and deterioration. This case shows long-term brain and psychiatric dysfunction resulting after toxic smoke inhalation, with some areas of the brain having progressive deterioration between years 3 and 14 after smoke inhalation. Copyright 2012 BMJ Publishing Group. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Elevated immune-inflammatory signaling in mood disorders: A new therapeutic target?; Converging translational evidence has implicated elevated immune-inflammatory signaling activity in the pathoetiology of mood disorders, including major depressive disorder and bipolar disorder. This is supported in part by cross-sectional evidence for increased levels of proinflammatory eicosanoids, cytokines and acute-phase proteins during mood episodes, and prospective longitudinal evidence for the emergence of mood symptoms in response to chronic immune-inflammatory activation. In addition, mood-stabilizer and atypical antipsychotic medications downregulate initial components of the immune-inflammatory signaling pathway, and adjunctive treatment with anti-inflammatory agents augment the therapeutic efficacy of antidepressant, mood stabilizer and atypical antipsychotic medications. Potential pathogenic mechanisms linked with elevated immune-inflammatory signaling include perturbations in central serotonin neurotransmission and progressive white matter pathology. Both heritable genetic factors and environmental factors including dietary fatty-acid composition may act in concert to sustain elevated immune-inflammatory signaling. Collectively, these data suggest that elevated immune-inflammatory signaling is a mechanism that is relevant to the pathoetiology of mood disorders, and may therefore represent a new therapeutic target for the development of more effective treatments. © 2012 2012 Expert Reviews Ltd. ER  - 
Filler injections with the blunt-tip microcannula; Background: Microcannulas with blunt tips for filler injections have recently been developed for use with dermal fillers. Their utility, ease of use, cosmetic outcomes, perceived pain, and satisfaction ratings amongst patients in terms of comfort and aesthetic outcomes when compared to sharp hypodermic needles has not previously been investigated. Objective: To compare injections of filler with microcannulas versus hypodermic needles in terms of ease of use, amount of filler required to achieve desired aesthetic outcome, perceived pain by patient, adverse events such as bleeding and bruising and to demonstrate the advantages of single-port injection technique with the blunt-tip microcannula. Materials and Methods: Ninety-five patients aged 30 to 76 years with a desire to augment facial, décolleté, and hand features were enrolled in the study. Subjects were recruited in a consecutive manner from patients interested in receiving dermal filler augmentation. Each site was cleaned with alcohol before injection. Anesthesia was obtained with a topical anesthesia peel off mask of lidocaine/tetracaine. Cross-linked hyaluronic acid (20 mg to 28 mg per mL) was injected into the mid-dermis. The microcannula or a hypodermic needle was inserted the entire length of the fold, depression or lip and the filler was injected in a linear retrograde fashion. The volume injected was variable, depending on the depth and the extent of the defect. The injecting physician assessed the ease of injection. Subjects used the Visual Analog Scale (0-10) for pain assessment. Clinical efficacy was assessed by the patients and the investigators immediately after injection, and at one and six months after injection using the Global Aesthetic Improvement Scale (GAIS) and digital photography. Results: Overall, the Global Aesthetic Improvements Scale (GAIS) results were excellent (55%), moderate (35%), and somewhat improved (10%) one month after the procedure, decreasing to 23%, 44%, and 33%, respectively, at the six month evaluation. There was no significant differences in the GAIS score between the microcannula and the hypodermic needle. However, the Visual Analog Scale for pain assessment during the injections was quite different. The pain was described as 3 (mild) for injections with the microcannula, increasing to 6 (moderate) for injections with the hypodermic needle. Bruising and ecchymosis was more marked following use of the hypodermic needle. Conclusion: Using the blunt-tip microcannula as an alternative to the hypodermic needles has simplified filler injections and produced less bruising, echymosis, and pain with faster recovery. Copyright © 2012 Journal of Drugs in Dermatology. ER  - 
Role of prefrontal cortical calcium independent phospholipase A2 in antidepressant-like effect of maprotiline; There is increasing interest in the pathophysiology and neurochemistry of the prefrontal cortex (PFC) in depression. Blood flow and metabolism are decreased in the PFC of patients with depression compared to controls. Changes in long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are also associated with depression. This study was conducted to elucidate a possible role of PFC activity of an enzyme involved in the release of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), i.e. calcium-independent phospholipase A2 (iPLA2), in the effects of the norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI) antidepressant, maprotiline, in mice. Treatment of Balb/C mice with maprotiline for 4 wk resulted in reduction in the level of behavioural despair, as determined by decreased immobility and increased climbing during the forced swim test. In contrast, mice treated with maprotiline plus bilateral prefrontal cortical injections of antisense oligonucleotide to iPLA2, showed significantly increased immobility and decreased climbing, to levels comparable to saline-treated controls, indicating abolishment of the antidepressant-like effect of maprotiline. Lipidomic analyses showed significant decreases in phosphatidylcholine species containing long-chain PUFAs and increases in lysophosphatidylcholine after maprotiline treatment, indicating increased PLA2 activity and endogenous release of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) or DHA after maprotiline treatment. These changes in lipid profiles were absent in mice that received maprotiline and PFC injections of antisense oligonucleotide to iPLA2. Together, the results indicate that PFC iPLA2 activity plays an important role in the antidepressant-like effect of maprotiline, possibly through endogenous release of long-chain PUFAs. © 2011 CINP. ER  - 
Understanding brain microrna profiling in the double transgenic app/ ps1 mouse model of Alzheimer's disease; Background: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small, non-coding regulatory RNAs that post-transcriptionally regulate gene expression. These conserved molecules are highly expressed in the brain, being essential for neuronal function and survival. miRNA profiles are significantly altered in Alzheimer's disease (AD) patient brains. We have previously shown that tauroursodeoxycholic acid (TUDCA) is a strong neuroprotective agent in several AD experimental models. In addition, bile acids modulate both mRNA and miRNA expression in the rat liver. Nevertheless the therapeutic role of TUDCA in AD pathology has not yet been ascertained. The present study was designed to identify miRNAs differentially expressed in wild-type and APP/PS1 transgenic mice, as well as elucidate the role of TUDCA in modulating miRNAs potentially associated with AD. Methods: We carried out highly sensitive expression profiling of 1140 miRNAs on samples obtained from the hippocampus and frontal cortex of male APP/PS1 transgenic mice and wild-type littermates fed diets containing 0.4 percent TUDCA, or no bile acid, for 6 months. Validation was performed by qRT-PCR. Results: APP/PS1 mice brains showed significant and large fold-change differential expression of 46 miRNAs including miR-295, -302c, -599, and -615, relative to wild-type mice. In addition, significant differences were also detected in 28 miRNAs in the direct comparison of untreated and TUDCA-treated APP/PS1 mice. Finally, in silico analysis identified putative target genes for specific miRNAs deregulated in APP/PS1 mice and modulated by TUDCA. Pathway enrichment within these putative targets revealed that miRNAs found altered in APP/PS1 mice are potentially involved in axon guidance mechanisms, long-term potentiation and/or depression glutamate metabolism, and apoptosis. Interestingly, amyloid precursor protein (APP) 3'UTR is potentially targeted by miR-295, which expression was significantly decreased in the cortex of APP/PS1 mice. In contrast miR-599 was upregulated in the brain of APP/PS1 mice and potentially targets the low-density lipoprotein (LDL) receptor-related protein 6 (LRP6) 3'UTR involved in Ab clearance. Notably, miR-599 expression was decreased by TUDCA. Conclusions: miRNA profiling of APP/ PS1 mice provides an appealing approach to address how changes in miRNA profiles translate into biological functions in AD pathological context. Modulation of AD-associated miRNAs by TUDCA may represent a potential therapeutic strategy for prevention and treatment of the disease. ER  - 
Systemic local anesthetic toxicity; Local anesthetics (LA) may exert toxic effects at the local site of injection (local toxicity) and after absorption into the blood stream (systemic toxicity). The central nervous system (CNS) and the cardiovascular system (CVS) are the two main organs potentially affected by the LA systemic toxicity. At blood concentrations just above those measured after normal absorption from injection site, LA exert toxic effects. The concentration leading to toxicity is usually directly related to potency of LA. Most agents exert neurologic toxicity at lower concentrations, followed by cardiac toxicity at higher concentrations. This is not true for racemic bupivacaine. With ropivacaine and levobupivacaine, the cardiac toxic reactions usually appear at the same times as the neurologic manifestation. In adults, the ratio of concentrations producing toxicity between bupivacaine and lidocaine is 4:1. The systemic concentrations attained are never high enough to block other ganglia or affect neuromuscular transmission. CNS toxicity At low to moderate plasma concentrations (1-5 μg/ml), lidocaine possess anticonvulsant properties. The first signs of CNS toxicity are subjective (dizziness, tinnitus, sensation of drowsiness). Objective signs (shivering, muscular twitching, tremors initially involving the face) just precede the occurrence of seizures. Subjective signs are not observed in patients under general anesthesia nor in the younger patients. Usually, in patients under general anesthesia, the occurrence of seizures represents the first sign of toxicity. Hypercapnia is a factor facilitating the emergence of seizures because of a direct effect on CNS and also because it increases the free fraction of the drug. At the highest concentration, a global CNS depression occurs with respiratory depression followed by apnea and collapse. Seizures may occur: 1) rapidly after either a massive inadvertent intravenous injection, or because of a rapid absorption process at the site of administration; 2) several hours (even days) after initiation of perineural infusion for postoperative analgesia due to accumulation (1). In adults, convulsions occurring intraoperatively are usually free of major consequences when treated immediately but this might not be the same when seizures and respiratory depression occur on the ward during prolonged infusion. The treatment of convulsions, respiratory depression and/or coma is basically the same in children as it is in adults: 1) oxygenation and airway management; and 2) treatment of seizures, if still persistent after oxygenation, by using small doses of benzodiazepines or thiopental. A rapid infusion of a lipid emulsion (1 ml/kg Intralipid® 20% as a bolus followed by a rapid infusion) has revolutionized the treatment of systemic toxicity. Lipid emulsion therapy is now part of the guidelines on treatment for local anesthetic- induced toxicity (2). CVS toxicity Toxic cardiac manifestations occur at concentrations usually much higher that those at which CNS toxicity occurs. This is not true for racemic bupivacaine: cardiac toxic manifestations may occur before any sign of CNS toxicity, especially in young infants. Levo-bupivacaine is much less toxic for the heart than dextro-bupivacaine or the racemic mixture (3). Ropivacaine is also less toxic than racemic bupivacaine (3). However, it seems that with these two pure enantiomers CNS and CVS toxic manifestations occur at the same time. This is important because cardiac arrest may be hidden by seizures delaying the diagnosis. At toxic concentrations, bupivacaine slows intraauricular and intra-ventricular conduction with increased PR duration and major QRS widening. Arrhythmias such as ventricular tachycardia (even torsades de pointes) or profound bradycardia may occur. These arrhythmias are often followed by either ventricular fibrillation or cardiac arrest with asystole. A major collapse coupled with a concomitant limited decrease in the myocardial contractile force occurs. In adults, during continuous infusion for pain relief, subjective and objective signs of CNS toxicity usually precede cardiac manifestations, but this is not always the case in infants. General anesthesia, which is most often associated with regional anesthesia in pediatric patients, may conceal CNS manifestations. The increased threshold for CNS toxicity in infants as compared to adults and the equal sensitivity to bupivacaine cardiotoxicity may explain why cardiac signs may not be preceded by any sign of CNS toxicity. Also, because of their higher heart rate, newborns and infants are thought to be more prone than adults to the frequency dependent blockade of sodium channel produced by tertiary amine agents such as bupivacaine. Cardiac complications require urgent and appropriate therapeutic measures including oxygenation, ventilation and cardiac massage if appropriate. In infants, cardiac output almost exclusively depends on heart rate and increasing the rate might be essential especially in the presence of high degree intraventricular block (and also during episodes of torsades de pointes). On the other hand, it must be remembered that increasing heart rate also increases the phasic (frequency-dependent) block. Prolonged cardiac massage has proved to be efficacious in adults (4). In fact, bupivacaine wash-out from the heart seems to be rapid when coronary perfusion is maintained at least in the isolated rabbit preparation. Despite its arrhythmogenic potential, epinephrine appears to be the only useful drug, but requires careful titration using boluses of 0.01 μg/kg, in order to avoid ventricular tachycardia or fibrillation. The use of a lipid emulsion (''Lipid Rescue'') totally transformed the treatment of both neurologic and cardiac toxicity of LA. Since the first publication of the use of Intralipid® in rats (5), lipid emulsions have been successfully used in humans (6). They act by binding LA molecules and therefore they rapidly decrease the plasma concentration of anesthetics. Allergy Allergy to LA is rare and amide agents may exhibit antiallergenic properties. Most often ''allergic'' reactions reported by patients during dental surgery may be attributed to epinephrine. In fact, allergy concerns almost exclusively esters because these agents have para-aminobenzoic acid as a metabolite. Solutions with epinephrine contain metabisulfite, which may induce adverse reactions. However, some rare cases of proven allergy to amide agents have been published. Methemoglobinemia In neonates and infants, methemoglobinemia may develop several hours after the administration of prilocaine, benzocaine and, occasionally, lidocaine. In patients prone to methemoglobinemia, O-toluidine, which is a normal metabolite of prilocaine, accumulates. This powerful oxidizing agent may accumulate in erythrocytes especially in neonates and infants in whom the erythrocyte content of methemoglobin reductase is lower than in adults. Patients become cyanoticwhen methemoglobin exceeds 20-30%of the total hemoglobin content, when dyspnea, tachycardia, headache, vertigo and hypoxia occur. Death, though rare, can occur when the concentration exceeds 70%. Treatment of methemoglobinemia consists of i.v. methylene blue (1 to 7 mg/kg) in order to convert methemoglobin to hemoglobin. Therefore, prilocaine is contraindicated in infants less than 6-9 months and care should be taken in young chidren for whom dosage shoud be limited to 3-4 mg/kg. EMLA® cream contains prilocaine. However, in the absence of predisposing factors such as hemoglobinopathies, glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency, exposure to aniline dyes and oxidants (sulfonamides, nitrites, nitrates, antimalarials, trimethoprimsulfamethoxazole or inhaled nitric oxide), the use of EMLA® cream in normal amounts (2.5 g, i.e., half a small tube) is usually safe, even in neonates. ER  - 
A case of severe form of PANDAS-like course; Purpose: Pediatric Autoimmune Neuropsychiatric Disorder Associated with Streptococcal infections (PANDAS) presents as a spectrum of postinfectious neurological disease that extends well beyond Syndenham chorea and includes different neuropsychiatric conditions including complex tic disorders and obsessive-compulsive behavior. Method: We describe a boy with an extremely severe and life-threatening course who responded well to immunotherapy but is left with residual epilepsy and depression. Result: K. was 11-year old boy who had had tics one year before admission due to low grade fever, throat infection and progressive lethargy with absence like attacks followed by epileptic status and apneas. After institution of anticonvulsive treatment and antibiotics seizures subsided and a full-blown clinical picture emerged with very frequent complex tics, fidgety and psychiatric behavior to be soon followed by another period of status epilepticus and apneas necessitating intubation and intensive care. Results showed very high titers of ASOT (3200 IU/ml), MRI brain faint thalamic changes, CSF study was normal. EEG showed progressive slowing of background activity which later normalized. Despite no epileptiform discharges he had occasional focal seizures. With penicillin prophylaxis, combined treatment with immunoglobulins and methylprednisolone the child gradually improved, however he still has occasional epileptic seizures, tics and depressive behavior. His recent minimental test proved normal result. Conclusion: We believe that this boy had s severe form of PANDASlike condition, presenting also as epileptic statuses, finaly leading to residual epilepsy and depressive behaviour. ER  - 
Comparison of efficacy between four biological agents for with rheumatoid arthritis patients using the Health-Related QoL questionnaire and depression; Objectives: Health-related quality of life (HRQoL) as a patient-reported outcome in rheumatoid arthritis (RA) has become an important tool in the clinical evaluation of patient preferences and perceptions of individual health. The objective of this study was to compare the validity of the HRQoL with respect to depression in RA patients treated with infliximab, etanercept, adalimumab or tocilizumab. Methods: One hundred seven RA patients (infliximab, 47 patients; etanercept, 17 patients; adalimumab, 25 patients; tocilizumab, 18 patients) were assessed prior to treatment and after 30 weeks therapy initiation. The age, gender, and dosage of steroid were obtained for each participant and the HRQoL questionnaire [modified health assessment questionnaire (mHAQ) and Short Form (SF)-36] and depression scale [Japanese version of the structured interview guide for the Hamilton Depression rating scale (HAM-D) and the Self-rating Depression Scale (SDS)] were administered to patients. The primary endpoint was the assessment of clinical improvements, and the secondary endpoints were assessments of the changes in the HRQoL and depression scale. Results: After 30 weeks of tocilizmab administration, score of DAS28 was lower than adalimumab treatment (P < 0.05). There were no significant difference in the percentage of low disease activity and remission. Although no significant differences were found for the HAMD and SDS score, mHAQ, delta role physical, body pain, vitality, social function, role emotion and mental health of SF-36 were significant difference between four groups. Particularly, etanercept treatment was significantly improvement of HRQoL as compared with adalimumab and tocilizumab therapy. On the other hand, there were no significant differences of age, gender, dosage of steroid, DAS28 (before treatment) and physical function and general health of SF-36. ConclusionsIn this study, etanercept treatment was significantly improved as compared with other drugs in many items of the HRQoL evaluation without relation to the efficacy of drug. Although factor of mental health in SF-36 was improved, HAM-D and SDS were not improved between four groups. ER  - 
Prevalence of depression & anxiety in adolescents transitioning to adult care: Result of the tides study; Numerous studies have demonstrated that patients with chronic illnesses are at increased risk for depression and anxiety (Katon & Ciechanowski, 2002). In large, well-controlled epidemiological studies, rates of depression in medical populations have ranged from 17% to 50% compared to 5% to 17.5% in healthy populations (Hermann, 1997; Riolo et al., 2005;Wells, Golding, & Burnam, 1988). In a community sample, Wells and colleagues concluded that there was a 41% increase in relative risk of having a psychiatric disorder as a function of having a chronic medical condition. Why do mental health issues need to be addressed in patients with chronic conditions? Depression and anxiety have been shown to have direct and indirect consequences on disease managements. Patients with a variety of medical conditions, who are also depressed, have been shown to be less adherent, are less likely to follow dietary recommendations, are more likely to cancel or miss clinic appointments, report worse functioning on several quality of life domains, and have increased health care utilization and higher health care costs (DiMatteo, Lepper, & Croghan, 2000; Katon & Ciecxhanowski, 2002; Sherbourne et al., 1996). To date, most studies in CF have found that both children and adults have higher rates of depressive and anxious symptoms (Smith et al., 2010; Riekert et al., 2007) than healthy peers and parents have also endorsed elevated psychological symptoms (Quittner et al., 1992; Driscoll et al., 2010). To date, however, all of these studies have been limited by small sample sizes and single center recruitment. To address the limitations of prior studies, we have been conducting a national study of the prevalence of depression and anxiety in children, adolescents, and adults with CF and parent caregivers. The specific aims of this study were to: 1) use standardized screening tools to evaluate the prevalence of depression and anxiety, 2) to test the relationships between demographic and health variables and psychological symptoms, and 3) to evaluate whether recent medical events, such as IV antibiotic treatments, new diagnosis of CFrelated diabetes, or recent hemoptysis or pneumothorax are predictive of depressive and anxious symptoms. We screened a total of 1159 patients with CF, ages 12 through adulthood (range = 12-73 years, M age = 25.3). As expected a large percentage of adolescents scored above the clinical cut-off on the CES-D (Center for Epidemiological Studies-Depression) and the HADS-Anxiety Scale. Among adolescents, 22.1% reported elevated depression and 30.2% reported elevated anxiety. This is 2-3 times the prevalence reported in healthy, community samples. In addition, although current lung function and BMI percentile were not significantly related to psychological symptoms, a recent medical crisis, such as hospitalization for IV antibiotics or a new CFRD diagnosis, was associated with scoring in the elevated range. Based on these data, we would recommend annual screening of depression and anxiety in all patients (ages 8 and older) and parent caregivers. In addition, for those who score in the elevated range, there are several successful, evidence- based treatments for depression and anxiety, including pharmacological and cognitive-behavioral therapies. ER  - 
Establishing therapeutic relationship between nurses & clients to help address anxiety & fear during hospitalization; Anxiety and depression appear to be more common in patients with cystic fibrosis (CF) than in the general population. For those who are living with a chronic illness, anxiety and depression have been shown to have negative impact on health outcome. Recent studies indicated that people with CF experience symptoms of anxiety more frequently than depression (1,2). Data from the German arm of The International Depression/anxiety Epidemiological Study (TIDES) reported an elevated anxiety scores found in 20.6% of the patients with CF and 9.6% high level of symptoms of depression. They also found that recent hemoptysis, pneumothorax and recent diagnosis of diabetes were associated with anxiety, whereas impaired lung function and transplant listing status were associated with depression (3). Hegarty and colleagues studied the quality of life in young people with CF including the effect of hospitalization, age and gender and differences in parent/child perceptions. Their data showed that inpatients score significantly lower than outpatients for the Cystic Fibrosis Questionnaire-Revised version (CFQ-R) in the domains regarding emotional state, social, body image and respiratory symptoms (4). Their findings clearly demonstrated that there are added stresses during hospitalization, which in turn may provide a perfect opportunity for health care providers to encourage patients to express their concerns and seek appropriate referral or support for them. The adult CF Program at St. Michael's Hospital in Toronto follows more than 400 adults with CF on a regular basis. We have a 15 bed in-patient respiratory unit for adults with CF and other lung diseases. The majority of admissions are patients with CF at any given time. Most of them are admitted due to pulmonary exacerbation for IV antibiotics. However, other medical interventions including desensitization to antibiotics, steroid therapy, insulin regimen, oxygen or Bipap may also be initiated during the same admission. We have observed a fair amount of anxiety and fear and depression from our CF patients during their hospitalizations. According to our Picker Score from 2010, our patients were reporting that their anxiety and fear during their hospitalization were only addressed at 35% of the time. Therefore, in May 2010, as part of the corporate initiative for quality improvement, our unit nurses took on the task to reduce anxiety and fear in our hospitalized patients by utilizing the Best Practice Guideline of Establishing Therapeutic Relationship and Professionalism in Nursing. The framework for establishing therapeutic relationship is having knowledge about the disease, the patient, the nurse herself and the system (5). To implement the project, the unit nurses needed to know the source of patients' anxiety and fear, how they like their anxiety and fear addressed. The nurses also needed to have a standardized mechanism to communicate findings to other nurses on patient admission and shift report as well as to the interdisciplinary team on rounds. As for the patients, they need to have opportunities to convey fear and anxiety to their nurses. Both nurses and patients must have confidence in the standardized mechanism to ensure that fear and anxiety are communicated to the relevant team members and from shift to shift for appropriate interventions. A pre-education survey was conducted to assess nurses' knowledge and comfort level in dealing with patients' anxiety and fear. A one-hour, interactive education session regarding how to establish therapeutic relationships was provided to the unit nurses. More than 80% of unit nurses completed the education session and a post-education survey, which indicated increased knowledge. Fifteen patients completed a survey to identify the source of their anxiety and fear and how their fear and anxiety were addressed. The patients identified ten major sources of their fear and anxiety. Separation from home was considered as the most anxiety provoking, followed by receiving new information about their illness, taking steroids, meeting new health care providers, separation from work, wearing oxygen for the first time, insertion of PICC line, starting on BIPAP, desensitization and finally separation from school. To engage our patients to express their fear and anxiety, posters were placed in patients' rooms reminding them that the nurses are interested to listen, counsel, address or communicate their issues. Pocket cards containing the list of the ten major sources of anxiety were given to the unit nurses as a reminder to practice active listening for those issues. To facilitate better communication between nurses during shift changes, tape reporting was replaced by Transfer of Accountability (TOA), which requires nurses to give and receive report at the bedside and patients are encouraged to participate if they feel comfortable to do so. By the first quarter of 2011, our Picker Score improved from 35% to 86% indicating that patients felt their fears and anxieties were being addressed. Based on chart audits, nurses' documentations relating to addressing patients' fear and anxiety had risen from 75% to 95%. Based on unit specific patient satisfaction survey, patients expressed that TOA provides good communication and opportunities to discuss their fear and anxiety during their hospital stay. This project increased our understanding of the impact of hospitalization on patients. During the past two years, we have proven that implementing the Nursing Best Practice Guideline of Establishing Therapeutic Relationship and Professionalism in Nursing can be an effective way to help ease the added anxiety and fear experienced by our patients during their hospitalization. ER  - 
Pain in adolescents and young adults with CF: Location, severity, and predictors; Background: Cystic fibrosis (CF) is a progressive disease affecting multiple organ systems, including the lungs, pancreas and gastrointestinal system. Pain is a significant, but under-studied complication of CF and may be related to disease progression, which can include chronic pulmonary infections and decreased lung function, and increased treatments, such as airway clearance and intravenous antibiotics. The relationship between pain and other outcome variables, such as emotional functioning and health-related quality of life (HRQOL), is largely unknown in this population. The purpose of this study is to systematically assess pain in adolescents and young adults with CF and evaluate associations between pain, internalizing psychological symptoms, and HRQOL. Methods: The current study is part of an ongoing, NIH SBIR Phase II randomized, controlled trial being conducted at 6 CF centers. Participants complete a battery of measures during four consecutive clinic visits assessing pain, symptoms of anxiety and depression, and HRQOL. Participants also completed supplementary online pain diaries for the 6 days following each clinic visit. Diaries assessed pain intensity, location, duration, affective rating, and coping response. Results: Preliminary results were analyzed from the baseline visit (N=94). Mean age was 15.69 years (SD=2.91), 62% were female; 57% Caucasian, 16% Hispanic, and 9% African American. Mean FEV1% predicted of 79.89% (SD = 25.90) was in the mild range of severity. An average of 4.4 (out of 6 or 73.33%) of pain diaries were completed, with approximately 50% of participants completing all 6 diaries. At least one pain episode was reported by 34% of participants across the 6 days. Of those who experienced pain, mean intensity was 3.81 (out of 10 points). The most frequent location of pain was the stomach (66%), head/neck (50%), and chest (50%). Most frequently used coping mechanisms were: resting (72%) and taking medication (66%). Structural Equation Modeling evaluated the unique contributions of internalizing symptoms on pain and HRQOL. Pain intensity was regressed on age and disease severity (FEV1% predicted) to control for demographic characteristics. Next, internalizing symptoms (anxiety and depression) were included as independent, exogenous variables in the model. The final step included a latent, endogenous HRQOL variable, with indicators from the Cystic Fibrosis Questionnaire-Revised (CFQ-R), including Respiratory Symptoms, Treatment Burden, and Social Functioning. The final model fit the data, χ2 (32) = 16.14, p = .097 (RMSEA = .079, SRMR = .07). Results indicated that symptoms of depression and/or anxiety significantly predicted both reports of pain and HRQOL, after controlling for age and disease severity. Conclusions: These results indicate that pain is experienced quite commonly by adolescents and young adults with CF and illustrate the importance of measuring other factors that may affect pain perceptions, such as psychological distress. Analyses indicated that patients with more anxious and depressive symptoms reported more pain and worse HRQOL. Regular assessment of pain, psychological distress, and HRQOL is recommended. ER  - 
Delirium in elderly patients hospitalized and undergoing urologic surgery: Incidence and predictive role of multidimensional geriatric evaluation (MGE) to define a high-risk population and prevent complications: Results of a prospective study; Introduction and Objective: Delirium (acute derangement syndrome) is a common condition occurring in hospitalized older pts with negative consequences, including higher post-op complication rates and death, disability, permanent cognitive decline and institutionalization. It determines a longer hospitalization and an increase of costs. Its incidence ranges from 15 to 35% in postoperative phase, from 70 to 87% in intensive care (IC). Several studies have attempted to set criteria delineating a high-risk profile to develop delirium. The objective of this prospective study was to evaluate the impact of a MGE in 3 settings of pts hospitalized for medical or surgical conditions and to evaluate the incidence and the possible causes of delirium Materials and Methods: There were 274 elderly pts. admitted to 2 hospitals evaluated in 3 different settings. There were 62 /274 pts (22.6%) from different depts. Who received a MGE on request during their hospital stay (Group 1). There were 159/274 (58%) dismissed pts. and regularly followed as out-pts. had a MGE at home (Group 2); 53/274 pts (19.4%) admitted for an elective urological procedure had a pre-op and post-op MGE and were strictly followed (Group 3).The mean age was 80.8, 80.3 and 78.1yrs respectively. The MGE included 19 items that were recorded in all pts. (drug history, delirium rating scale). In this last group, MGE was daily applied by nurses to define incidence and clinical characteristics of delirium. F-UP was planned at 1, 3 months and 1 year after discharge to evaluate global health and specifically functional and cognitive pts. status. Results: In Group 1 (62 pts) 75.8% of pts had MGE positive for delirium. Older age, high number of drugs used (digitalis and antibiotics) and depression were significantly correlated with delirium. In Group 2 (159 pts) 31.4% of subjects had delirium. Sex (females), >age, worse cognitive status and types of drugs used (digitalis, neuroleptics, antidepressant) were correlated with delirium. In Group C (53 pts affected by BPH and prostate, bladder and kidney cancer) 14.6% had a MGE test positive for delirium. Presence of co-morbidities, ASA score III-IV, type of anesthesia (general vs spinal) were correlated with delirium. Conclusions: The incidence of delirium varies among the elderly population. MGE is an appropriate tool to detect it. Older age, low cognitive status, depression and N of drugs used are correlated with it. In urological pts candidate for surgery, high N of co-morbidities, ASA score III-IV and type of anesthesia (general) predict the onset of delirium. Pharmacological research is ongoing to detect the variation of cholinergic agents that may be also responsible for Delirium. ER  - 
The effects of morphine on chemoreflexes and breathing in obstructive sleep apnoea; Objectives: The effect of morphine on breathing and ventilatory chemoreflexes in obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) is unknown. As part of a proof-of-concept study examining the potential of the glial inhibitor, minocycline to reverse opioid induced respiratory depression, we examined the relationship between breathing during sleep, awake ventilatory control and plasma morphine concentrations in OSA patients, a group potentially at risk of respiratory depression. Methods: Following baseline polysomnography (PSG) and ventilatory chemoreflex tests, 10 mild-moderate OSA patients underwent a second night PSG 4 h after taking a 30 mg oral controlled-release morphine tablet. Awake ventilatory chemoreflexes were tested and blood samples were collected just prior to the beginning of the sleep study. Results: Compared to baseline, the administration of 30 mg slow release morphine alone did not cause statistically significant respiratory depression in any key PSG and ventilatory chemoreflex parameter. However, there was a significant positive correlation between a higher plasma morphine concentration in the morphine arm and the increase of the CO2 recruitment threshold from baseline (r = 0.86, P = 0.006), as well as with an improvement in the sleep time with SpO2 < 90% (T90) from baseline (r = -0.87, P = 0.005). In addition, the increase of CO2 recruitment threshold significantly correlated with reduction in T90 (r = -0.79, P = 0.02). Furthermore, a higher plasma morphine concentration tended to correlate with an improvement in hypopnoea index compared to the baseline (r = - 0.66, P = 0.07). Conclusion: OSA subjects with a higher plasma morphine concentration after a single dose of oral controlled-release morphine had paradoxically depressed ventilatory chemoreflex and improved sleep apnea. This result is in keeping with new advances in the phenotyping of OSA indicating that patients with milder forms of OSA can have increased chemosensitivity (loop gain). Consequently reduction in loop gain using centrally-acting drugs may actually improve breathing during sleep. Our data question the assumption that small doses of opioids are harmful to patients with OSA, and may have important implications for OSA pharmacological treatment. ER  - 
The role of polyunsaturated fatty acids on Interferon-alpha induced clinical factors; High depression rates during interferon-alpha (IFN-α) treatment for hepatitis C virus (HCV) is consistent with the evidence that increased inflammatory processes participate to the pathogenesis of depression. The exact mechanisms underlying this depression are unclear. Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) play an important role in inflammation and depression. We investigated changes in PUFA levels and depression, fatigue and stress, during IFN-α treatment. Depression, fatigue and perceived stress were assessed in 23 HCV patients at baseline and treatment week 12 (TW12) of IFN-α therapy. Plasma levels of three PUFAs; docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), eicosapapentaenoic acid (EPA) and arachidonic acid (AA), were measured in a sub-sample of 13 patients at the same time points. Levels of PUFAs are presented as percentage of total fatty acids. Depression, fatigue and stress scores were all significantly higher at TW12 compared to baseline (mean ± SEM: 23.0 ± 3.1 vs. 12.9 ± 2.6, p = 0.002, 22.0 ± 1.6 vs. 16.5 ± 1.4, p = 0.001 and 16.4 ± 1.7 vs. 13.3 ± 1.5, p = 0.026, respectively). PUFAs DHA and EPA were both lower at TW12 compared to baseline (1.6 ± 0.1 vs. 1.8 ± 0.2, p = 0.07 and 0.4 ± 0.0 vs. 0.6 ± 0.1, p = 0.05, respectively). AA levels were significantly higher at TW12 compared to baseline (6.0 ± 0.5 vs. 5.3 ± 0.4, p = 0.03). Baseline DHA levels were significantly correlated with stress and fatigue scores at TW12 (Spearman's rho = - 0.5 p = 0.034 and r = - 0.6 p = 0.021, respectively). PUFAs may play an important role in IFN-α-induced depression, fatigue and stress, due to their anti-inflammatory and neuroprotective properties. ER  - 
The tumor necrosis factor-alpha antagonist infliximab reduces depressive symptoms in patients with treatment resistant depression and high inflammation; Increased inflammatory markers predict antidepressant treatment non-response in patients with depression, and inflammatory cytokines can sabotage and circumvent mechanisms of action of conventional antidepressants. We therefore endeavored to determine whether inhibition of the inflammatory cytokine tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha would reduce depressive symptoms in patients with treatment resistant depression (TRD) and whether baseline inflammation would predict response. Sixty outpatients with major depression participated in a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial involving random assignment to three infusions of the TNF-alpha antagonist infliximab (5 mg/kg) (n = 30) or placebo (n = 30) at baseline and weeks 2 and 6 of a 12-week trial. The 17- item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D-17) was the primary outcome variable. No differences in change of HAM-D-17 scores between groups across time were found. Interestingly, however, there was significant interaction between treatment, time and log baseline hs-CRP (p = 0.01) with the change in HAM-D-17 scores at Week 12 favoring infliximab-treated patients at a baseline hs- CRP > 5 mg/L. Treatment response (≥50% reduction in HAM-D-17 at any time during treatment) in patients with a baseline hs- CRP > 5 mg/L (n = 22) was 62% in infliximab-treated patients versus 33% for placebo. Baseline concentrations of TNF-alpha and its soluble receptors were significantly higher in infliximab-treated responders versus infliximab non-responders (p < 0.05). Drop-outs and adverse events did not differ between groups. This proof-of-concept study suggests that anti-cytokine therapies may have efficacy in TRD patients, but only in the context of high inflammation. ER  - 
PNIRS 2012 - Brain, Behavior, and Immunity in Health and Disease, PsychoNeuroImmunology Research Society's 19th Annual Scientific Meeting; The proceedings contain 180 papers. The topics discussed include: moderate exercise training exacerbates inflammation and mortality in DSS-induced colitis in mice; immunosenescence is associated with disease progression but not depression in presymptomatic stage B heart failure patients; the tumor necrosis factor-alpha antagonist infliximab reduces depressive symptoms in patients with treatment resistant depression and high inflammation; interferon-alpha-induced fatigue is associated with alterations in CNS glutamate metabolism as measured by magnetic resonance spectroscopy; circadian rhythmicity, variability and correlation of interleukin- 6 in plasma and cerebrospinal fluid of healthy humans; environmental mold, brain inflammation, and memory deficits; characterization of the neuroendocrine system in healthy aged rats; potential utilization of minocycline as a radioprotective agent in the brain; and physical fitness decreases and central adiposity increases inflammation in normotensive and pre-hypertensive individuals. ER  - 
Subjective cognitive impairment: Who are these individuals? A review of patients receiving a diagnosis of subjective cognitive complaints in ordinary clinical practice; Background: Subjective cognitive impairment (SCI), defined as cognitive complaints with normal cognitive testing, is common in clinical practice. Longitudinal studies demonstrate increased risk of decline. We analyze this group's characteristics at the time of diagnosis. Patients and methods: SCIs diagnosed at Karolinska Memory Clinic (2007-2009). Review of epidemiological, clinical and paraclinical data, including CSF analysis and temporal atrophy staging by a blinded rater. SCI, MCI and AD group means were compared with logistic regression. Results: 453 SCI patients were identified. SCIs were significantly younger (57.7 years) than the MCI (64.2 years) and AD (70.1 years) groups. 64.2% were women. SCIs had more years of education and were more likely to have family history of dementia than AD or MCI patients. SCIs scored higher on MMSE (28.4), RAVLT delayed retention and Rey visual memory than the other groups. 5.7% of SCI were homozygote for ApoE4 allele, lower than AD (28.4%). Blinded medial temporal lobe score for SCI was 1.0, lower than MCI or AD. SCIs had higher beta-amyloid (903.7), lower total Tau (245.1), lower p-tau (49.5) and were less likely to have confluent white matter lesions, hypertension, heart disease or treatment with acetyl-salicylic acid. Cornell score of depression was higher in SCI than AD. Conclusions: SCI is a distinct group. SCIs are more likely to be younger, have family history of dementia, and less likely to be homozygote ApoE4 carriers and have a cardiovascular risk profile than others. Follow-up is essential to investigate long-term outcome of their cognitive function. ER  - 
Novel anti-inflammatory functions for the herbal drug STW 5: A link between cytokine regulation and gastrointestinal inflammation; Objective: Epidemiological studies show that, in ∼25% of patients with irritable bowel syndrome (IBS), bacterial gastroenteritis precedes the onset of the disorder. Subtle inflammation or immune activation has been reported in the results of biopsies and altered peripheral cytokine profile has been shown in a subset of IBS patients. The multi-herbal drug STW 5 (Iberogast ®) was effective for treatment of symptoms in patients with functional dyspepsia or IBS. Its mode of action is still not fully elucidated. Modulation of gastric motility and an anti-inflammatory action were hypothesized. These findings provide the basis for investigating STW 5 and its components in inflamed small and large intestinal preparations to identify novel anti-inflammatory pathways. Methods: The inflammation was induced by intraluminal instillation of 2, 4, 6-trinitrobenzene sulfonic acid (TNBS, 0.01 mol L-1). Contractions were measured isometrically. Gene expression was determined using qRT-PCR. Results: Preincubation of STW 5 (64-512 lg ml-1) or its components in equivalent concentrations together with TNBS prevented the inflammation-induced disturbances in the muscle wall and hence the depression of acetylcholine (ACh)-induced contractions. In accordance to these findings cytotoxicity testing revealed a cell protective effect of STW 5. The TNBS-induced inflammation in ileum and colon preparations was accompanied by increased TNF-alpha gene expression and without effect on the gene expression of the antiinflammatory cytokine IL-10. STW 5 inhibited the increased gene expression in ileum but not in colon preparations whereas the gene expression of IL-10 was increased in both preparations by STW 6 (Iberis amara), a component of STW 5. Further experiments indicated that activation of adenosine A2A receptors is involved in the regulation of TNF-alpha gene expression by STW 5, whereas the cucurbitacins E and I in STW 6 could be responsible for activation of the IL-10 pathway. Conclusion: STW 5 reveals significant anti-inflammatory properties which contribute to the reduction of morphological and contractile disturbances. Its mode of action seems to be twofold, inhibition of the TNF-alpha and activation of the IL-10 pathway. Anti-inflammatory mechanisms and cell protective actions of STW 5 give a clear-cut correlation with symptom improvements in clinical trials and highlight the relevance of STW 5 as a therapeutic approach in IBS. ER  - 
Postinfectious irritable bowel syndrome after traveller's diarrhoea: Incidence and risk factors; Objective: Infectious gastroenteritis is known as a risk factor for developing irritable bowel syndrome (IBS). There are only few studies concerning postinfectious IBS after traveller's diarrhoea (TD) and reported incidences range between 3% and nearly 15%. Methods: This study aims to establish the incidence and risk factors of postinfectious IBS after TD. For this purpose outpatients of the Institute of Tropical Medicine in 2009 and 2010 with microbiologically confirmed and/or clinical highly suspected TD were contacted (n = 475) and invited to fill out a questionnaire. The questionnaire consisted of items concerning IBS according to the Rome III criteria, the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS) and the somatization module of the Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ). Additional information concerning clinical features of TD and sociodemographic data were collected. Results: 175 patients agreed to take part, 135 completed questionnaires were sent back (77.1%). Just under half (41.5%) were male, the mean age was 36.6 ± 14.6 years. Nearly all participants (97.8%) lived in Germany. Excluding patients with pre-existing IBS the incidence of postinfectious IBS after TD was 8.9%. Subjects with postinfectious IBS were predominantly female (11/12; P = .015) and had significantly higher anxiety (t = 2.98; P = .003) and somatization scores (t = 3.77; P < .001). There were no associations found between the development of postinfectious IBS and weight loss, use of antibiotics or the causing pathogen. Conclusion: The found incidence of 8.9% underlines the importance of infectious gastroenteritis in the development of IBS. Female sex, a predisposition to anxiety and somatization are associated with the development of postinfectious IBS. ER  - 
The two faces of ethanol: Activation and depression of the ventral tegmental area dopamine neurons activity; Ethanol, as other drugs of abuse, stimulates the dopamine (DA) neurons in the posterior ventral tegmental area (VTA). However, this augment of the VTA DA neurons activity seems to be the result of a balance between activating and depressant effects that simultaneously occurs after ethanol administration. In a normal condition (i.e. without any pharmacological intervention), the net effect observed is the activation of the DA neurons. However, the use of adequate pharmacological strategies can help us to uncover the existence of these to opposite tendencies. Recent studies have provided strong evidences about this duality in the effects of ethanol. Very recent published data on this topic show that acetaldehyde (ACD) or its derivative, salsolinol, could be the responsible for the activation of the VTA DA neurons observed after acute administration of ethanol whereas the non-metabolized fraction of ethanol could account for the reduction of the activity of these neurons. In the present study, we explore the possible implication of the γ-aminobutyric acid (GABA) receptors, in particular the subtype A, in the depressant effects elicited by the nonbiotransformed fraction of ethanol. To do that, we evaluate the effect of the GABAA receptor antagonist bicuculline (0.0175 nmol) on the motor depression elicited by the intra-VTA injection of 35 nmol of ethanol in rats pre-treated with 50 mg/kg ip of D-Penicillamine (DP), an ACD sequestering agent. DP was ip injected, as in our previous studies, 30 min prior to intra-VTA ethanol microinjections. Bicuculline microinjections in the VTA were performed 5 min prior to ethanol administration. After ethanol injection, the spontaneous activity of rats (a behavioral index of the activity of the VTA DA neurons) was monitored for 20 min. Results show that the blockade of the GABAA receptors with bicuculline prevents the motor depression evoked by the ethanol microinjection. These data support (i) the importance of the brain-generated ACD in the stimulant effects of ethanol (ii) the involvement of the non-biotransformed fraction of the ethanol in the depressant effects observed when ACD is sequestered, and (iii) the implication of the GABAA receptors as the target through which this fraction of ethanol could act reducing the VTA DA neurons activity. ER  - 
Repair of a chronic high sleeve gastrectomy leak by revision to gastric bypass; Introduction This video shows the feasibility of sleeve conversion to gastric bypass in the treatment of a high sleeve leak. Methods A 43-year old male having a BMI of 38.4 and numerous co-morbidities, i.e. depression, hypertension, obstructive sleep apnea, coronary artery disease, underwent a sleeve gastrectomy (SG) for weight loss and improvement or resolution of co-morbidities. The gastric resection was performed over a 36 bougie using peri-strip buttressing materials. The surgery was uncomplicated and followed by an unremarkable postoperative course. The patient was discharged on post-operative Day 2. One week following discharge, the patient presented with an abrupt onset of intense epigastric pain, and was found to have contrast extravasation and a perigastric fluid collection on CT. Results The patient was managed initially with percutaneous drainage, IV antibiotics and NPO, followed by stent placement. The overall course was a non-healing chronic fistula located in close proximity to the EG junction. Definitive management was a revision to Roux-en-Y gastric bypass (video). Conclusion High sleeve leaks can be very difficult to manage. Revision to Roux-en-Y gastric bypass is a feasible management option for a chronic nonhealing proximal sleeve fistula. ER  - 
Ultra performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry determination of tryptophan metabolites; Objectives: Tryptophan is metabolized to several bioactive molecules, including serotonin, kynurenine and kynurenic acid. Altered levels of these various metabolites have been implicated in organic CNS degenerative disease, depression, and inflammation. Our objective is to validate a method of quantifying these analytes in plasma research samples. Design: Validation of an ultra-performance liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometry (UPLC-MS/MS) method according to Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute protocols. Methods: Samples/standards are deproteinized with methanol (containing deuterated internal standards) and injected without derivatization. UPLC (Waters Acquity UPLC HSS T3 column) with initial conditions of 70:30 (0.12% formic acid in H2O:100% methanol) and a linear gradient to 30:70 in 2.75 min at 250 μL/min is performed. Detection is by a Waters Acquity MS/MS in multiple reaction monitoring mode. Results: Limit of quantitation (LOQ), imprecision (total), and linearity summary data are shown in the table. Reference interval data was not generated as this will be application specific. (Table presented) Conclusions: In the present study, a sensitive and rapid UPLC-MS/MS method for the determination of tryptophan and its metabolites (serotonin, kynurenine and kynurenic acid) in plasma samples has been developed and validated. This method is suitable for research uses that include appropriate control subjects. ER  - 
Patients' knowledge and prejudices about chronic obstructive pulmonary disease; Background: Proper patients' (Pts) knowledge on a chronic disease is an important issue in successful disease management. Aim: To estimate Pts' knowledge and prejudices about chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Methods: Observational, questionnaire based study included 68 pts (mean age 63 yr, M/F=41/27) treated for COPD at University hospital in Belgrade, Serbia, from June to December 2011. Pts completed the 9-item questionnaire voluntarily and anonymously. Results: A total of 50 (73.5%) pts underestimate recommended respiratory rehabilitation and have not used it; 28 (41.2%) pts prefer teophyllin compared to the other therapy; 41(60.2%) pts have not get vaccinated against influenza to reduce exacerbation of the disease; 33 (48.5%) pts used more frequently shortacting β2 agonists instead advised therapy scheme; 29 (42.6%) pts had correct technique of using inhalation therapy; 22 (32.4%) pts overreact in using antibiotics during exacerbation; 53 (77.9%) Pts do not seek help for symptoms of depression in COPD; 20 (29.1%) pts cut down therapy themselves; 36 (52.9%) Pts are active smokers and one third of them do not recognize tobacco smoking as risk factor for pulmonary disease. Conclusion: COPD Pts' knowledge about the disease should be improved to achieve their better adherence to treatment, quality of life and more successful disease management. ER  - 
Fatty acids in human diet and cognitive and emotional functioning; This article presents the evidence accumulated over the last two decades on the importance of fatty acids in psychological human functioning (cognitive and emotional). In particular, the importance of omega-3 fatty acids, which on the one hand lost attention and became scarce in the modern human diet and on the other hand most likely became a primary cause of degenerative diseases, including mental disorders and cerebrovascular illness, is reviewed. Polyunsaturated fatty acids constitute key structural components of all cell membranes. They are highly concentrated in the nervous system. There is evidence that omega-3 fatty acids can improve cognitive function in individuals and also reduce symptoms of dementia, Alzheimer disease and depression. The positive impact of diet on cognitive processes and emotional functioning was also found in young healthy people. The researchers report that omega-3 fatty acids such as eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) may indeed improve cognitive processes and affect mood. The review of included descriptive and experimental studies reveals the importance of fatty acids not only in therapy but also in prevention of disorders and identifies new opportunities to promote human development through optimal use of capabilities. However, the currently available data on the influence of fatty acids on psychological functioning are still insufficient to make conclusions on preventive therapy. More trials are needed for confirmation. ER  - 
Plasma long-chain omega-3 fatty acids and atrophy of the medial temporal lobe; Objective: The long-chain ω-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) are potential candidates for interventions to delay Alzheimer disease (AD), but evidence from clinical studies is mixed. We aimed at determining whether plasma levels of EPA or DHA predict atrophy of medial temporal lobe (MTL) gray matter regions in older subjects. Methods: A total of 281 community dwellers from the Three-City Study, aged 65 years or older, had plasma fatty acid measurements at baseline and underwent MRI examinations at baseline and at 4 years. We studied the association between plasma EPA and DHA and MTL gray matter volume change at 4 years. Results: Higher plasma EPA, but not DHA, was associated with lower gray matter atrophy of the right hippocampal/parahippocampal area and of the right amygdala (p < 0.05, familywise error corrected). Based on a mean right amygdala volume loss of 6.0mm3/y (0.6%),a1SDhigher plasma EPA (+0.64% of total plasma fatty acids) at baseline was related to a 1.3 mm3 smaller gray matter loss per year in the right amygdala. Higher atrophy of the right amygdala was associated with greater 4-year decline in semantic memory performances and more depressive symptoms. Conclusion: The amygdala, which develops neuropathology in the early stage of AD and is involved in the pathogenesis of depression, may be an important brain structure involved in the association between EPA and cognitive decline and depressive symptoms. Copyright © 2012 by AAN Enterprises, Inc. ER  - 
Evidence-based guideline: Pharmacologic treatment of chorea in Huntington disease: Report of the guideline development subcommittee of the American academy of neurology; Objective: To develop an evidence-based guideline assessing pharmacologic options for treating Huntington disease (HD) chorea. Methods: We evaluated available evidence from a structured literature review performed through February 2011. Results and recommendations: If HD chorea requires treatment, clinicians should prescribe tetrabenazine (up to 100 mg/day), amantadine (300-400 mg/day), or riluzole (200 mg/day) (Level B) for varying degrees of expected benefit. Occurrence of adverse events should be discussed and monitored, particularly depression/suicidality and parkinsonism with tetrabenazine and elevated liver enzymes with riluzole. Clinicians may also prescribe nabilone for modest decreases (1- to <2-point changes on the Unified Huntington's Disease Rating Scale [UHDRS] chorea score) in HD chorea (Level C), but information is insufficient to recommend long-term use, particularly given abuse potential concerns (Level U). Clinicians should not prescribe riluzole 100 mg/day for moderate (2- to < 3-point UHDRS chorea change) short-term benefits (Level B) or for any long-term (3-year) HD antichoreic goals (Level B). Clinicians may choose not to prescribe ethyl-EPA (Level B), minocycline (Level B), or creatine (Level C) for very important improvements (>3-point UHDRS chorea change) in HD chorea. Clinicians may choose not to prescribe coenzyme Q10 (Level B) for moderate improvements in HD chorea. Data are insufficient to make recommendations regarding the use of neuroleptics or donepezil for HD chorea treatment (Level U). Copyright © 2012 by AAN Enterprises, Inc. ER  - 
Psychotropic effects of antimicrobials and immune modulation by psychotropics: Implications for neuroimmune disorders; Antimicrobial compounds and psychotropic medications often share overlapping mechanisms of actions and pharmacological effects. The immune system appears to be an important site of interaction as several antimicrobials display neurological and, at times, direct psychotropic effects, while psychotropics have shown significant immunomodulatory properties. The isoniazid class of antibiotics for example has been shown to possess monoamine oxidase activity, while selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors have shown significant effects on leukocyte populations. As the importance of the immune systems role in CNS homeostasis and disease continues to move to the forefront of neuropsychiatric research, these shared pharmacological effects may provide an important insight, elucidating the complexities in neuroimmune pathophysiology and guiding the development of potential treatments. © 2012 Future Medicine Ltd. ER  - 
N-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid consumption produces neurobiological effects associated with prevention of depression in rats after the forced swimming test; Epidemiological data and clinical trials suggest that n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) have preventive and therapeutic effects on depression; however, the underlying mechanism remains elusive. The present study aimed to examine the behavioral effects and antidepressant mechanism of n-3 PUFA using a forced swimming test. Eleven-week-old male Sprague-Dawley rats were fed an American Institute of Nutrition-93M diet containing 0%, 0.5% or 1% EPA and DHA relative to the total energy intake in their diet for 12 weeks (n=8 per group). Total dietary intake, body weight and hippocampus weights were not significantly different among groups. The groups administered 0.5% and 1% EPA+DHA diets had significantly higher levels of n-3 PUFA in their brain phospholipids compared to those in the control group. The immobility time was significantly decreased and the climbing time was significantly increased in the 0.5% and 1% EPA+DHA groups compared with those in the 0% EPA+DHA group. Plasma serotonin concentration and hippocampus c-AMP response element binding protein (CREB) expression were significantly increased in the 0.5% and 1% EPA+DHA groups compared with those in the 0% EPA+DHA group. Conversely, interleukin (IL)-6 expression was significantly reduced in the 0.5% and 1% EPA+DHA groups compared with that in the 0% EPA+DHA group. However, there were no dose-dependent effects of n-3 PUFA and no significant differences in expressions of IL-1β, tumor necrosis factor-α, brain-derived neurotrophic factor or phosphorylated CREB. In conclusion, long-term intake of EPA+DHA induced antidepressant-like effects in rats and overexpression of CREB via decreased IL-6 expression. © 2012 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Removal of epidural catheter under dual antiplatelet therapy following acute coronary syndrome. Scenario without special consideration to the current guidelines on epidural regional anesthesia; This article reports the case of a patient who developed acute coronary syndrome while receiving postoperative pain treatment via an epidural catheter (EC). Platelet function testing was performed before removal of the EC to assess the bleeding risk under ongoing dual antiplatelet therapy. Platelet function testing showed low responsiveness to clopidogrel and acetylsalicylic acid (ASS). The EC was removed uneventfully and clopidogrel was subsequently replaced by prasugrel and platelet function showed improved depression of thrombocyte aggregation. Possible reasons for low responsiveness to clopidogrel and ASS, such as drug-drug interactions with proton pump inhibitors and genetic factors are discussed. © Springer-Verlag 2012. ER  - 
Massive Ibuprofen ingestion with refractory hypotension, hyperlactemia, and CNS depression; Ibuprofen, a propionic acid NSAID is one of the most commonly used non prescribed medications in the world. Although the pathophysiology of the common complications of NSAIDS such as GI and renal effects are clearly defined, the data on the cardiovascular risk and toxicity remain controversial. We report on the case of a 16 year old girl with refractory hypotension and hyperlactemia following Ibuprofen overdose. Case report: A previously well 16 year old girl ingested 300 to 350 tablets of 200 mg (60-70 grams) Ibuprofen in a suicide attempt following an argument with her parents. She was found unconscious with two empty bottles of Ibuprofen. She vomited several times on the way to the hospital without hematemesis. She arrived at the emergency department (ED) 6 hours post ingestion with GCS of 11. BP 68/27 HR 110, RR, 18, Temp 36.6 C. She denied abdominal pain or diarrhea and no fever, cough or shortness of breath. Initial venous blood gas was PH 7.27/PCO 2 46.8/PO 2 62/BE -5. She was bolused with 2 liters of fluid without improvement in her blood pressure and subsequently started on dopamine drip at 5 mcg/hr. She was then transferred to PICU on cardiac monitor. Other laboratory results showed, Na 146 Meq/L, K 3.8 Meq/L, HCO 3 18 Meq/L, Chloride 102 Meq/L, Anion gap 26. Comprehensive Urine drug screen was only positive for Ibuprofen and her serum Ibuprofen level 7-8 hrs post ingestion was-250 mcg/ml (normal 10-50 meq/L); serum lactate 2.7, TSH 1.44. Acetaminophen, salicylate, creatinine and ethanol levels as well as coagulation profi les were normal. Her EKG showed sinus rhythm with a QTc of 455. Chest X-ray was normal. Her blood pressure improved initially to 107/50 and then dropped down to 82/35, necessitating increased dopamine dose to 10 mcg/hr to maintain MAP at-60. She subsequently sustained a stable blood pressure and dopamine drip was turned off 18 hours from admission. She was then transferred to psychiatry for inpatient treatment two days post admission. Discussion: While Ibuprofen overdose usually present with GI, renal and electrolyte disturbances, massive ingestion can present with refractory hypotension, QT prolongation, anion gap metabolic acidosis and neurological effects. Our patient 's serum Ibuprofen level was reported as greater than 250 mcg/ml the highest level this particular laboratory could determine. The exact mechanism of the cardiovascular toxicity of Ibuprofen is not known but there is no evidence of direct cardiotoxic effect. Conclusion: Massive Ibuprofen overdose can present with refractory hypotension and neurologic effects, but the exact mechanism of the cardiotoxic effect is not known. ER  - 
Transdermal clonidine toxicity from a compounded cream; Background: Clonidine is an ? 2-adrenergic and imidazoline receptor agonist used for chronic pain management. It is administered with local anesthetics, opioids, and other agents by a variety of methods including intrathecally, epidurally, and transdermally. Case report: The PC was consulted about a 23 year-old man with altered mental status, bradycardia, and hypotension after he reportedly applied an unknown amount of his compounded pain cream to his entire body. The cream was reported to contain clonidine 0.2%, ketamine 10%, gabapentin 6%, imipramine 3%, lidocaine 2%, and mefenamic acid 1% (weight/weight) with 1 pump equaling 1 g of a 120 g container. Vital signs were HR 40s, BP unobtainable, RR 15, SpO2 99% on room air, and rectal temperature 95 F. He responded only to pain, with mydriasis and a rash on the neck and chest. ECG showed sinus bradycardia with HR 40, QRS 104 ms, QTc 481 ms. Electrolytes, renal and liver function tests were normal. Salicylate, APAP, and ethanol levels were undetectable. Urine drug screen was positive for TCAs, THC, and amphetamines. Recommendations included skin decontamination, fluid resuscitation, warming, atropine, and serum alkalinization. CT head revealed a moderate sized subarachnoid hemorrhage. He was intubated and transferred to a tertiary care hospital. No surgical interventions were performed. He made a full recovery. Initial serum had a clonidine level of 5200 ng/mL (therapeutic range 0.5-4.6 ng/mL), imipramine and desipramine 13 ng/mL (reference range 150-300 ng/mL), and undetectable lidocaine and monoethylglycinexylidide. Case discussion: Clonidine is a centrally acting antihypertensive agent that decreases sympathetic outfl ow from the central nervous system to peripheral tissues. Toxicity may produce depressed mental status, hypotension or hypertension, bradycardia, respiratory depression, miosis, and hypothermia. Clonidine pharmacokinetic studies have demonstrated dose linearity with increased topical application. Our patient covered his entire body with a cream containing 0.2% clonidine and presented a few hours later with altered mental status, bradycardia, and hypotension. His serum clonidine level, 5200 ng/mL, is the highest published level by any route of exposure. A case involving a 3 year-old with ingestion of a clonidine suspension resulted in a serum level of 300 ng/mL 18 hours after exposure; an error in compounding was suspected to contribute to the toxicity. In this case, the cream was not available for testing so a compounding error cannot be ruled out. Conclusions: Topically applied clonidine can result in serious systemic toxicity. It is unclear whether a compounding error, in addition to excessive use, resulted in this patient's toxicity. ER  - 
Concomitant medication frequency and profiles in a real-life Canadian cohort of RA patients treated with infliximab; Objective: The use of concomitant medications, related to rheumatoid arthritis (RA) or to other chronic conditions, is frequent in RA patients. The purpose of this analysis is to determine the frequency and profiles of concomitant medications used in a routine clinical practice setting and to assess the impact of infliximab (IFX) treatment. Methods: The data for this analysis were obtained from BioTRAC, an observational prospective registry of adult RA patients initiated on treatment with Infliximab since 2002 and managed as per routine care. Patients enrolled were biologic-naïve or had initiated treatment with a biologic for a period of < 6 months prior to enrolment. Analyses for RA-related medications was performed on the overall cohort (N=775). Since, non-RA related medications started being collected since 2007, a subgroup analysis was also performed in the 272 patients enrolled since then. Results: In the overall cohort, mean (SD) age was 55.9 (13.5) years, mean (SD) disease duration 10.3 (10.0) years. At baseline, the prevalence of RA-related concomitant medications was 90.1%, 56.0%, 39.6% and 19.9% for DMARDs, NSAIDS, corticosteroids and narcotic analgesics, respectively. Patients with higher disease duration and disease activity (CDAI) at baseline were being treated with an increased number of RA medications (P< 0.001) and DMARDs (P< 0.001) at baseline. Treatment with IFX for 12 months reduced the mean number of RA medications between baseline and 12 months (P< 0.001). In the sub-group analysis, the baseline characteristics did not differ between patients with or without comorbidity-associated medications. The prevalence of medications associated with comorbidities was 31%. The most common comorbidity-associated medication was for anxiety/depression (17.6%), hypertension (7.0%), gastric disorders (6.3%), dyslipidemia (5.5%), and bone disorders (5.5%). The presence of comorbidities had no impact on the DAS-28 response following IFX treatment or the utilization of RA medication. However, patients with comorbidities experienced a higher number of non-serious adverse events (NSAEs) compared to patients without comorbidities (320.7 vs. 146.3 NSAEs/100 patient years (PY), respectively). The incidence of serious AEs (SAEs) was comparable between the two groups (6.4 vs. 6.4 SAEs/100 PY in patients with vs. without comorbidities). Conclusion: The results of this real-life observational study demonstrate that disease activity and duration seem to be associated with increased use of RA medications. Treatment with IFX slightly decreases the number of RA medications over time. NSAEs were reported by a greater number of patients with comorbidities compared to patients without comorbidities, however, the incidence of SAEs was comparable between the groups. ER  - 
Patterns and determinants of anti-inflammatory drug use among users of antidepressants between 1997 and 2006 in denmark; Background: Recently both increased and decreased antidepressant treatment response of concomitant use of antidepressants (ANDs) and anti-inflammatory drugs (AID) have been reported. Though ANDs and AIDs are both frequently used, little is known about the prevalence and determinants of AID consumption in users of ANDs in an unselected population. Objectives: Describe patterns of AID consumption among users of ANDs. Methods: Population-based linkage study of medical and socio-demographic registries in Denmark of all starters of AND (ATC-code N06A) between 1997 and 2006 within a 25% sample of the Danish population. The date of AND prescription was termed index date, an exclusion criterion was AND use in the year before index. Prescriptions for AIDs (ATC-code M01A and N02B) were identified during the year prior to and after index, as well as somatic and psychiatric comorbidity and socio-demographic factors before index. AIDs were grouped as ASA (e.g., aspirin), NSAIDs (e.g., ibuprofen), non-selective COXinhibitors (e.g., diclofenac) and selective COX-Inhibitors (e.g., celecoxib). Logistic regression was performed to identify determinants of AID use. Results: Of 174,845 individuals started a first episode of AND treatment. Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitors (SSRI) (70.9%) and Tri-Cyclic Antidepressants (TCA) (13.4%) were the most frequently prescribed ANDs, Citalopram being the most popular (41.3%). During the year after AND initiation, 70,370 (40.3%) overall and 36.8% of SSRI and 61.3% of TCA users redeemed at least one prescription for an AID. The pattern of AIDs among SSRI and TCA users was 18.7% and 30.7% for ASA, 16.2% and 30.2% for NSAIDs, 9.8% and 20.9% for nonselective and 2.6% and 6.3%for selective COX-Inhibitors, respectively. Adjusted for AID use prior to AND treatment, determinants for AID use after AND treatment initiation were age 30-60 years, female gender, low education, use of TCA and musculoskeletal disease. Previous hospitalizations with schizophrenia or depression lowered the risk for receiving AIDs. Interestingly, AID use increased from 1997 to 2006, especially among TCA users. Conclusions: We found a high prevalence of ASA, NSAID and non-selective COX-inhibitors use in users of ANDs. The next step will be to model anti-depressive treatment response using a combination of registry and clinical data and investigate the effect of AIDs on SSRI treatment response. ER  - 
Throat symptoms: The importance in peritonsillar abscess; Objective: The incidence of quinsy is rising in the UK for reasons which are unclear. There were >7000 hospital diagnosed episodes last year in England alone. Some suggest a link to the decline in elective tonsillectomy. Our aim was to compare chronic throat symptoms in quinsy patients and controls. Method: The validated 16-item Tonsillectomy Outcome Inventory (TOI-16) was used to compare the impact of throat symptoms over the previous 6 months in 119 controls (no quinsy history) and 55 contactable (by telephone) quinsy patients (34M, 21F), who had an average experience of 1.4 (range 0-4) quinsies. Analysis was in SPSS. Results: The TOI-16 Cronbach's α = .92, indicating high internal consistency. The mean 6-month overall throat impact scores in quinsy patients (21.0) were significantly greater than that in volunteers (10.9 P < .05). The post-quinsy interval had only modest effect on the overall mean score. Younger people had higher scores in both groups. On item-by-item analysis, quinsy patients recorded significantly higher mean reported scores over the previous 6 months for snoring, visits to the doctor, and frequent use of antibiotics (all P < .001) and halitosis, catarrh, missed social gatherings or events, missed work-days, and depression due to throat problems (all P < .05). Conclusion: Ongoing throat problems are far more prevalent and severe in quinsy patients than controls, with a clear life impact. In many, quinsy represents an acute episode on a background of chronic throat problems. The optimal acute management-notably the place and timing of tonsillectomy- should take account of this. ER  - 
Dermatitis artefacta: Facts for a facial plastic surgeon; Objective: 1) To report a large scalp lesion secondary to dermatitis artefacta, requiring reconstruction. 2) To emphasize the need for a multidisciplinary approach involving dermatologist, psychiatrist, and facial plastic surgeon for optimizing outcome. 3) To highlight specific issues in the patient's care in the perioperative period. Method: Case report of a 44-year-old white female patient who presented to our combined dermatology-facial plastic surgery clinic with a large lesion on her scalp and a known diagnosis of dermatitis artefacta. Results: The scalp lesion had gradually increased in size over 4 years. Prior to this she was being followed up by the dermatologists for this and other multiple, bizarre ulcerating areas on her face; the patient had associated depression. A diagnosis of dermatitis artefacta was made by the dermatologists and supported by the psychiatrists. She was treated with antibiotics for the excoriating lesions and local dressing for the scalp wound initially. Regional reconstruction of scalp was subsequently carried out to achieve closure of the scalp defect, with the active involvement of the dermatology and psychiatry teams. Conclusion: 1) Close monitoring is required postoperatively, as these patients can be passively noncompliant with treatment, inducing self-harm repeatedly because of lack of insight in causing skin damage. 2) Prompt discussion in a multidisciplinary setting with earlier input from facial plastic surgeons will potentially minimize the extent of reconstructive surgery required. ER  - 
Extra-meningeal manifestations of fulminant meningococcemia: An intensivisit perspective; Meningococcemia evolves rapidly into shock, adrenal insufficiency, DIC, and purpura fulminans. Below described is a case of fulminant meningococcemia with severe myo-pericarditis that promptly responded to treatment. A literature review from 1947 to 2011, with over 137 cases of meningococcal myocarditis and/or pericarditis will also be detailed. A 31 year old male, with no PMH, was admitted for altered mental status, fever, headaches, weakness and vomiting. Patient was febrile, tachycardic, tachypneic, hypotensive, and responsive only to painful stimuli. He had petechiae, a positive Kernig's and Brudzinsky's sign. EKG showed diffuse convexe upward ST elevations, and his troponins were at 40 ng/ml. Head CT was unremarkable. LP had an opening pressure exceeding 40 cmH2O, WBC of 5040 with 90% neutrophils, glucose of 23 mg/dl, and proteins greater than 300 mg/dl. CSF and blood cultures were positive for Neisseria meningitides W135 antigen. Echocardiogram showed no tamponade, however an EF of 40%. Antibiotics were started empirically then deascalated to ceftriaxone after sensitivity results. He markedly improved in 24 hours with resolving EKG changes, and normalizing troponin levels and EF. Extrameningeal/systemic manifestations of meningococcemia such as pneumonia, pleuritis, episcleritis, sinusitis, arthritis and pericarditis has an incidence of 17 to 19%. Pericarditis itself accounts for one third of these manifestations. Severe meningococcal infection has been associated with acute interstitial myocarditis, endocarditis, pericarditis, myocardial infarction and heart failure with increased levels of interleukin-6 as a mediator of myocardial depression. Evidence of myocardial dysfunction on serial echocardiograms predicts worse outcome. Meningococcal pericarditis can be classified into three categories: a local manifestation of disseminated meningococcal disease (DMP), an immunoreactive pericarditis (IRP), and a primary meningococcal pericarditis (PMP). The meningococci causing PMP are usually of serotype C, while the serotype causing DMP is usually W 135. PMP, defined as purulent pericarditis without disseminated meningococcemia is rare and difficult to diagnose. It rapidly progress into cardiac tamponade requiring drainage. IRP have a late immune-complex etiology. It occurs 4 to 10 days after systemic disease and is associated with recrudescence of fever and leukocytosis. Treatment is based on s teroids and NSAIDS. On the other hand, management of meningococcemia relies on early and aggressive antimicrobial and supportive treatment. Some cases have a resistant prolonged post-meningococcal inflammatory syndrome, so a long term follow-up is warranted. Intensivisit should be familiar with myo-pericarditis as serious complications of meningococcal infections. A differenciation between primary, diffuse or late reactive pericarditis is warranted, as treatment noticeably diverge. (Figure Presented). ER  - 
Pulmonary non-crystalline histiocytosis in a patient with multiple myeloma; Multiple myeloma is a systemic disease that seldom affects the lung. Pulmonary manifestations include opportunistic infections, direct plasma cell infiltration and toxicities related to therapy. We describe a novel manifestation. A 69 year-old woman with a past medical history of depression and schizophrenia presented to the hospital with confusion and dehydration. There were bi-basilar rales on chest examination. Chest radiograph (CXR) was unremarkable. Admission labs revealed: elevated creatinine (6.4 mg/dL); hypercalcemia (11.7 mg/dL); elevated total protein and low albumin (8.5 and 2.9 g/dL); normocytic normochromic anemia (hemoglobin 7.7 g/dL). Bone marrow biopsy confirmed multiple myeloma with 40% monoclonal, kappa light chain-restricted plasma cell infiltration. Serum beta-2-microglobulin was 14.2 mg/L with serum immunofixation IgG of 6030 mg/dL. Pulse dose dexamethasone therapy was initiated. After her third cycle of dexamethasone, she developed fever of 102.2 F, hypoxia, non-productive cough, and wheezing. CXR demonstrated progressive bilateral patchy infiltrates. Computer-tomography of the chest revealed diffuse ground glass opacities with areas of consolidation in the right middle and upper lobes. The patient was started on empiric broad spectrum antibacterial and fungal coverage and required non-invasive ventilatory support. Multiple respiratory and blood cultures revealed no growth. She failed to improve and underwent open lung biopsy of the right middle and upper lobes. Pathologic examination of the lung parenchyma showed diffuse patchy intra-alveolar macrophages with accumulation of round eosinophilic globules. Stains for bacteria, fungus and amyloid were negative. Electron microscopy revealed amorphous globular structures within the cytoplasm of histiocytes without fine ultrastructure of lattice or linear parallel configuration. Immunohistochemical stain for κ and λ light chains showed background staining. Polyclonal plasma cells were confirmed by immunohistochemistry and in-situ hybridization. Macrophage globules were strongly positive for κ light chain and weakly positive for λ light chain. Repeat review of the bone marrow biopsy showed similar eosinophilic globules in macrophages adjacent to areas of monoclonal plasma cells. The clinical and pathologic manifestations were characteristic of non-crystalline histiocytosis associated with multiple myeloma. High dose steroid therapy for multiple myeloma was continued and antibiotics were deescalated. Her radiographic findings and hypoxia improved. Further outpatient chemotherapy was planned. We describe a case of non-crystalline histiocytosis associated with multiple myeloma. Crystal-storing histiocytosis is an extremely rare manifestation of lymphoprolierative disease. Only one other case of pulmonary non-crystalline histiocytosis complicating multiple myeloma is described in the literature. Early open lung biopsy should be considered in patients with multiple myeloma and non-resolving pulmonary infiltrates. ER  - 
Trends of outpatient prescription drug utilization in US children, 2002-2010; OBJECTIVE: To describe trends in outpatient prescription drug utilization in US children and the changes in major areas of pediatric therapeutic use for the years 2002 through 2010. METHODS: Large prescription databases (the IMS Vector One: National and Total Patient Tracker) were used to examine national drug utilization patterns for the US pediatric population (ages 0-17 years) from 2002 through 2010. RESULTS: In 2010, a total of 263.6 million prescriptions were dispensed to the US pediatric population, 7% lower than in 2002, while prescriptions dispensed to the adult population increased 22% during the same time. Analysis of pediatric drug utilization trends for the top 12 therapeutic areas in 2010 compared with 2002 showed decreases in systemic antibiotics (-14%), allergies (-61%), pain (-14%), depression (-5%), and cough/cold without expectorant (-42%) prescriptions, whereas asthma (14%), attention-deficit/ hyperactivity disorder (46%), and contraceptive (93%) prescriptions increased. In 2010, amoxicillin was the most frequently dispensed prescription in infants (aged 0-23 months) and children (aged 2-11 years). Methylphenidate was the top prescription dispensed to adolescents (aged 12-17 years). Off-label use was identified, particularly for lansoprazole; ∼358 000 prescriptions were dispensed in 2010 for infants <1 year old. CONCLUSIONS: Changes in the patterns of pediatric drug utilization were observed from 2002 to 2010. Changes include a decrease in antibiotic use and an increase in attention-deficit/ hyperactivity disorder medication use during the examined time. This article provides an overview of pediatric outpatient drug utilization, which could set the stage for further in-depth analyses. Copyright © 2012 by the American Academy of Pediatrics. ER  - 
COX-2-independent induction of apoptosis by celecoxib and polyamine naphthalimide conjugate mediated by polyamine depression in colorectal cancer cell lines; Background Polyamine metabolism is an intriguing tumor therapeutic target. The present study was designed to assess the synergistic antitumor effects of NPC-16, a novel polyamine naphthalimide conjugate, with celecoxib and to elucidate the mechanism of these effects on human colorectal cancer cells. Methods Cell proliferation was assessed by the MTT assay. Cell apoptosis and mitochondria membrane potential were evaluated by high content screening analysis. Intracellular polyamine content was detected by HPLC. Protein expression was detected by western blot analysis. Results The co-treatment with celecoxib enhanced NPC-16- induced apoptosis in HCT116 (COX-2 no expression), HT29 (COX-2 higher expression) and Caco-2 (COX-2 higher expression) colorectal cancer cells, which was mediated by the elevated NPC-16 uptake via the effect of celecoxib on polyamine metabolism, including the up-regulated spermidine/ spermine N1-acetyltransferase (SSAT) activity and reduced intracellular polyamine levels. The presence of celecoxib does not result in obviously different effect on the NPC-16- triggered apoptosis in diverse COX-2 expressed colorectal cell lines, suggesting that COX-2 was not one vital factor in the apoptotic mechanism. Furthermore, this synergistic apoptosis was involved in the PKB/AKT signal pathway, Bcl-2 and caspase family members. Z-VAD-FMK, a cell permeable pan caspase inhibitor, almost completely inhibited celecoxib and NPC-16 co-induced apoptosis, indicating that this apoptosis was caspase dependent. Conclusions Co-treatment of celecoxib and NPC-16 could induce colorectal cancer cell apoptosis via COX-2- independent and caspase-dependent mechanisms. The combination therapy with these agents might provide a novel therapeutic model for colorectal cancer. © Springer-Verlag 2012. ER  - 
Antidepressants and antiinflammatory agents on immune-kynurenine pathway: Results from in-vitro studies; There are reports demonstrating anti-inflammatory action of antidepressants. Anti-inflammatory effect of both antidepressants and anti-inflammatory medication such as celecoxib or aspirin could be beneficial in treatment of depression since inflammatory changes are well documented to be involved in pathophysiology of depression. Moreover, inflammatory response system (IRS) activation could induce imbalances in kynurenine metabolites and could in turn induce neurotoxic changes. There is also report mentioning the action of antidepressants as rebalancing the kynurenines disturbance in in-vitro studies. Therefore, series of experiments were performed to investigate how IRS activation could induce disturbances in kynurenines and how antidepressants and anti-inflammatory medications could work on immunologically challenged mouse astrocytes cultures. The Toll Like Receptor (TLR) 3 and 4 challenges using PolyI:C and LPS and Interferon (IFN)-γ were performed. The NFkb and IRF3 signallings and IL1β, interferon-β and tumour necrosis factor-α productions are analysed using commercial ELISA and tryptophan and kynurenines are measured using high performance liquid chromatography. The results indicated that TLR4 activation could not directly affect on astrocytes whereas PolyI:C and IFN could induce significant disturbances in kynurenines. Regarding the effect of medication, imipramine showed the most significant reversal effect on immune challenges in mouse astrocytes. Imipramine could be the treatment of choice for treatment resistant depression where there is IRS activation. ER  - 
Changes of serum fatty acid composition in geriatric depression; Introduction: Fatty acids (FA) - mainly polyunsaturated of omega 3 or omega 6 typus- may influence a wide range of psychic processes. In major depression, deficiencies of polyunsaturated FA (PUFA) have already been reported. Though the prevalence of depression in elderly persons ranges up to 18%, especially serum FA profiles of seniors have not yet been investigated. Objectives: The present study aims to compare FA profiles of geriatric patients with depression and without clinical manifestation of neurodegenerative disorders on the one hand, and of mentally healthy elderly controls on the other hand. Methods: Serum FA compositions were determined in 37 mentally healthy individuals (13 men, 24 women; 68.08 ± 4.94 years old) and in 36 patients with geriatric depression (8 men, 28 women; 72.67± 6.48 years old). The Body-mass index (BMI) was calculated for all study participants. Geriatric depression was diagnosed according to DSM-IV criteria for unipolar major depression (HAM depression score of patients was 18.13± 6.56). Results: Geriatric depressive patients had lower total FAs (p< .01), mainly lower eicosapentaenoic acid (p< .01) but higher proportions of oleic acid (p< .01) in serum than control persons. BMI did not differ between both groups. Conclusions: In geriatric depression besides a lowering of total FAs, a decrease of eicosapentaenoic acid (omega 3) and an excess of oleic acid (monounsaturated) were detected. In further studies should be investigated, if these shifts observed in FA composition could be a useful instrument in distinguishing between geriatric depression and brain degenerative diseases. ER  - 
How we do It: Hyaluronidase injection for the rhinoplasty patient; Introduction Septorhinoplasty patients undergo injection of local anaesthetic with adrenaline to reduce intra-operative bleeding. This creates a mass effect which alters the contour of the nose during surgery, and which persists even after massage. Hyaluronidase (Hyalase™) reversibly binds to hyaluronic acid in the intercellular matrix, permitting greater diffusion of fluid through tissue. It is used in other specialties to achieve greater spread of anaesthetic and to reduce swelling. Methods After induction of general anaesthesia, 1500 IU hyaluronidase mixed with 10 ml lignocaine 1 per cent with 1:200 000 adrenaline was injected into the nose. (During the presentation, this process was illustrated using photographs and a video.) Results There was no residual soft tissue distortion within 3 minutes of injection. No benefit was lost. The injection site was not critical, and could be varied as required. Discussion Cottle described the use of hyaluronidase in rhinoplasty in 1950. It has an excellent safety profile, being used by other specialties, and is available in most anaesthetic rooms. We have found this technique beneficial in more than five hundred rhinoplasty operations. It is especially helpful for subtle nasal deformities where minor changes to the appearance of the nose are critical, e.g. supra-tip depression and nasal tip surgery. ER  - 
Early treatment of psoriatic arthritis is associated with improved outcomes: Findings from the etanercept PRESTA trial; Background: The effect of early biologic treatment has not been well investigated in patients with psoriatic arthritis (PsA) and psoriasis. Objective: To compare short versus longer disease duration in patients with PsA and moderate-to-severe psoriasis treated with the biologic etanercept (ETN) 50 mg once weekly (QW) for 24 weeks in the PRESTA trial [1]. Methods: Patients who received ≥1 dose ETN 50 mg QW and ≥1 post-baseline value were evaluated. Mean changes from baseline at Week 24 were compared in patients with PsA ≤2 years versus PsA>2 years in efficacy measures (physician global assessment [PGA] arthritis, swollen joint count, and psoriasis area and severity index [PASI]) and patient-reported outcomes (PROs; joint pain, arthritis activity, Euro-Qol [EQ-5D] utility and visual analogue score [VAS], Health Assessment Questionnaire [HAQ], and Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale [HADS]) using linear regression analysis with age and sex as covariates. Results: At Week 24, all efficacy measures and PROs improved significantly from baseline in both the PsA ≤ 2 years (n = 103) and PsA>2 years (n = 269) groups. After controlling for age and sex, these improvements were significantly greater in patients with PsA ≤ 2 years versus PsA>2 years for PGA arthritis (-39.8 vs. -35.7; P = 0.0269), joint pain (-42.1 vs. -34.6; P = 0.0072), arthritis activity (-41.7 vs. -34.9; P = 0.0148), EQ-5D utility (+0.30 vs. +0.24; P = 0.0457), and EQ-5D VAS (+22.8 vs. +18.7; P = 0.0402). Improvements from baseline at Week 24 were similar in both disease duration groups for the swollen joint count, PASI, HAQ, and HADS scores. Conclusions: Patients with short and longer PsA duration, with moderate-to-severe psoriasis, responded well to ETN 50 mg QW treatment; however patients with shorter PsA duration had significantly greater responses in several measures. Notably, PROs that incorporate pain assessments (joint pain and EQ-5D utility) improved significantly more in patients with PsA ≤ 2 years than PsA>2 years. ER  - 
Complications and outcomes following percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy (PEG) tube insertion: A single centre experience; Introduction: PEG insertion has a reported 30-day mortality of 19%-24%1 2 suggesting a significant number of inappropriate insertions that were unnecessary for good care. Despite this there are no consistent Australian guidelines regarding patient selection for this procedure. To try and identify patients who would not benefit from PEG insertion we conducted an audit of all PEG insertions undertaken at our hospital, with particular reference to indications, complications and outcome. Methods: PEG insertions from 15 January 2009 to 22 July 2011 were identified from an endoscopy database and then medical notes were reviewed. We assessed indication for PEG insertion, the use of prophylactic antibiotics, complications during the procedure, 30 day complications and longer term complication rates. Results: 28 patients were identified (13 male and 15 female). The mean age was 71.8 years. The most common indication for PEG insertion was dysphagia following a cerebrovascular accident (CVA) (65%). Other indications included head and neck tumours (14%), other neurological disorders and poor oral intake due to severe depression (21%). 64% of patients received prophylactic antibiotics during the procedure with cephazolin compared to the recommended 100%. Despite this low rate, no patients were re-admitted with PEG site infections. 30-day mortality was 23%. In patients with CVAs 30-day mortality was 45% vs 0% in patients with other indications (p=0.038; Fishers exact test). Eleven patients had episodes of aspiration within 30 days of PEG insertion-the majority of these were from the CVA group (72%). The median time between CVA and PEG insertion was 25.5 days (range 10-53 days). Overall survival at 1 year was 38%. There were three cases in which the PEG fell out: two of the three were due to the patient removing it. Conclusion: Our data shows a significantly higher 30-day mortality in CVA patients as well as a higher frequency of aspiration in this group. This is in keeping with other studies3 and re-iterates the fact that insertion of a PEG does not prevent the development of aspiration pneumonia, which is a common misconception. It would therefore be reasonable to suggest a minimum period of 30 days of observation plus NG feeding in such patients to allow for any change in clinical condition. ER  - 
A 26 year-old man with metastatic paraganglioma; LEARNING OBJECTIVE 1: Diagnose catecholamine excess in a patient with a neuroendocrine tumor. LEARNING OBJECTIVE 2: Management of catecholamine crisis in a critically ill patient. CASE: A 26 year-old man with metastastic paraganglioma presented with shortness of breath. In 2005 he was diagnosed with a spermatic cord tumor, which was resected. In 2009, he presented with low back pain, lower extremity weakness, and facial numbness. An MRI demonstrated vertebral lesions with cord compression and a skull base mass consistent with paraganglioma. He received radiation therapy, but the disease progressed causing diplopia from a sixth nerve palsy. At the time of presentation, he complained of two months of palpitations, diaphoresis, weight loss, and one week of progressive shortness of breath. He was afebrile, hypertensive, and tachycardic. He had a II/VI systolic murmur and coarse breath sounds. Initially alert and oriented, he rapidly became confused with increased work of breathing and hypoxia requiring intubation. Initial labs included a white count of 17, platelets of 59, fibrinogen 180, anion gap 17, lactate 6, and a troponin 1.2. His EKG demonstrated sinus tachycardia. Chest CTA demonstrated bilateral ground glass opacities with a dense lower lobe consolidation and bilateral pleural effusions. He had diffuse lytic sclerotic rib metastases, a T6 vertebral body compression fracture, and a soft tissue mass within the spinal canal and surrounding the T5-T7 vertebra. A TTE showed moderate depression of left ventricular function with increased LV wall thickness, and global hypokinesis. The patient was felt to have mixed septic and cardiogenic shock. He was started on broad-spectrum antibiotics, placed on the ARDS net protocol, and admitted to the ICU. By the third day of hospitalization the patient was persistently febrile, tachycardic, and hypertensive. Cultures of blood, urine, and respiratory sources had no growth. The patient was started on phenoxybenzamine. On hospital day 6, he became pulseless and expired after multiple rounds of CPR. The following labs resulted post-mortem: serum free metanephrine 97 (nl<57), normetanephrines 58,279 (ULN 412), a chromogranin A level 2600 (nl<15) and total metanephrines 58,629 (nl <604). The family declined a post-mortem autopsy. DISCUSSION: This patient with metastatic paraganglioma died from a catecholamine induced cardiomyopathy and subsequent malignant arrhythmia. Paraganglioma are tumors arising in neuroendocrine tissues. Parasympathetic paragangliomas are typically located in the head and neck and 95% are non-secretory, while sympathetic paragangliomas originate in the thorax, abdomen and pelvis and are typically secretory. The initial treatment of secretory neuroendocrine tumors involves alpha blockade with secondary addition of low doses of beta blockers for adjunctive blood pressure control. The definitive treatment is surgical. A diagnosis of hereditary paraganglioma syndrome was likely in this case given the clinical history and genetic testing. The nuclear genes SDHD, SDHC, and SDHB encode subunits of the mitochondrial enzyme succinate dehydrogenase; mutations are inherited in an autosomal dominantmanner. Detection of these geneticmutations is helpful in guiding surveillance and early detection of neuroendocrine tumors. Catecholamine crisis is rarely encountered on the medical service; rapid diagnosis and treatment are essential for good clinical outcomes. ER  - 
An unusual cause of 'black' urine and acute kidney injury; LEARNING OBJECTIVE 1: Manage parental injection of bleach leading to acute kidney injury. LEARNING OBJECTIVE 2: Recognize the importance of early hemodialysis in preventing nephrotoxicity in the parental injection of bleach. CASE: An 18-year-old white female presented with black urine following self-infusion of 100-mL of domestic bleach through a Port-A-Cath meant for administration of antibiotics for chronic Lyme disease. Past history was significant for depression, attempted suicide, anxiety, chronic Lyme disease, Babesiosis and Bartonellosis. On admission, patient was awake, confused and had tachycardia. Blood pressure, oxygen saturation and systemic physical exam were normal. A tunneled internal jugular catheter was noted on the anterior chest wall. Admission labs and several sets of labs thereafter were hemolyzed. First Creatinine was 0.63 mg/dL on a handheld blood analyzer. It rose rapidly thereafter despite adequate volume resuscitation and continued to worsen. Hemolysis was evident on serial labs. Urine remained black for several days and sediment only showed monomorphic RBCs. A renal biopsy was performed. Light microscopy showed extensive loss of proximal tubular epithelium. Many tubular lumens contained fragmented, strongly eosinophilic, anucleate cellular debris, likely representing hemolyzed red blood cells. Interstitium contained focal acute inflammatory infiltrates surrounding necrotic tubules with no significant chronic parenchymal changes. Hemodialysis was initiated the next day for removal of toxin as patient remained oliguric and uremic. She required six dialysis sessions before renal function improved. Patient was hemodialysed for removal of toxin and a week later, she had complete renal recovery with resolution of hemolysis. Port-a-cath was removed as infectious disease evaluation showed no evidence of ongoing Lyme disease. DISCUSSION: NaClO has been used as disinfectant for syringes, dialysis machines and in dental procedures. Large volume injection of IV bleach causes severe AKI which is usually reversible with early initiation of dialysis. Nephrotoxicity is due to direct tubular injury and hemolysis from rapid protein degradation in the presence of a strongly alkaline and hypertonic solution. No antidote is known but forced diuresis, hydration and sodium thiosulfate have been used with unclear benefits. NaClO molecule is easily dialyzable due to low molecular weight and small volume of distribution. Given that early hemodialysis may prevent toxic injury, as clinicians, bleach toxicity should be on the radar in the setting of AKI and 'black urine'. Cresol poisoning, hemoglobinuria, myoglobinuria, alkaptonuria, tyrosinuria, porphyrinuria and melaninuria (in malignant melanoma) are the other causes of 'black' urine. ER  - 
Not crying wolf: An atypical manifestation of systemic lupus erythematosus; LEARNING OBJECTIVE 1: Identify an uncommon cutaneous complication of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) LEARNING OBJECTIVE 2: Diagnose and treat lupus erythematosus profundus CASE: A 56 year-old African-American female with well-controlled SLE on hydroxychloroquine and low dose prednisone presented to clinic with a new right volar forearm mass. Initially, the mass was 1.5 cm in diameter, mildly tender, without fluctuance or skin changes. She denied fevers, chills, night sweats, weight loss, or trauma. An ultrasound was ordered which showed non-specific findings of subcutaneous edema and fat globules, with a broad differential concerning for infection, post-traumatic ossification, or malignancy. A week later, the mass had increased to 4 cm with tenderness, a small fluctuant area, erythema and accompanying daily subjective low-grade fevers. An MRI was obtained and was suggestive of an infectious or inflammatory process with no drainable fluid collection. She was started on empiric antibiotics, and surgical biopsy was obtained. Pathology showed a benign dense lymphoplasmacytic infiltrate involving the dermis and subcutis, rare perivascular fibrinoid necrosis, consistent with lupus erythematosus profundus. In the interim, her fevers had resolved and the mass had become non-tender. Her hydroxychloroquine was continued, antibiotics were stopped, and the lesion subsequently resolved. DISCUSSION: Cutaneous manifestations of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) are common, occurring in 75% of patients with SLE. The majority of these are discoid lupus, of which lupus erythematosus profundus (LEP) is a variant. LEP is usually found prior to or independent of SLE (10-42% of cases); only 2-5% of patients with pre-existing SLE will develop LEP. It is more prevalent in women, with a 2-9:1 female:male ratio. It presents asymmetrically on the face, proximal extremities and trunk as a tender subcutaneous nodule that resolves with subsequent lipoatrophy and skin depression. Presentation on the distal extremities is unusual. The differential includes infection and malignancy. Patients with SLE are at increased risk of infection from underlying leukopenia and immunosuppressive medications. Historically, infection is one of the leading causes of death in SLE, especially in patients with early SLE (less than 2 years). Given this, infectious processes must always be ruled out. Surgical biopsy is the standard diagnostic tool. Histologically, LEP shows a mostly lobular dense infiltrate of lymphocytes and morphologically unremarkable plasma cells, dense perivascular and periappendigeal lymphocytic infiltrate in the dermis. Subcutaneous panniculitis-like T-cell lymphoma can also closely mimic LEP, and can be difficult to differentiate histologically: recent case series found significant overlapping findings. Thus, if patients present atypically with subcutaneous masses, it is important for primary care givers to be aware of LEP and the possibility that the findings are actually an evolving lymphoma. The treatment of choice for LEP is hydroxychloroquine for both acute and maintenance therapy. Intralesional corticosteroids may worsen the eventual lipoatrophy, and should be avoided. ER  - 
What a couple of jerks: Lance-Adams syndrome; LEARNING OBJECTIVE 1: Recognize an important complication of cerebral anoxia resulting in significant, prolonged morbidity. LEARNING OBJECTIVE 2: Distinguish the difference between myoclonic status epilepticus and Lance-Adams syndrome. CASE: A 47-year-old white woman presented from home complaining of new onset falls that began two days ago. She had been hospitalized the previous week due to a cardiac arrest secondary to status asthmaticus. Upon discharge fromthe hospital three days prior, she waswalking normally without assistance. However, the following day she described that she would suddenly lose control of her legs when ambulating, resulting in a fall. She had multiple episodes like this daily, and symptoms worsened over the course of two days preceding presentation. She denied loss of consciousness, seizure-like activity, post-ictal state, headache, chest pain, and dyspnea. Past medical history was significant for asthma, congestive heart failure, and history of non-STelevation myocardial infarction. She denied family history of movement disorders. Home medications included aspirin, moxifloxacin, prednisone, enalapril, and pravastatin. Vital signs, including orthostatics, were normal. Neurologic examination revealed fully intact cranial nerves, myoclonic jerks in all four extremities which limited testing for dysmetria, hyperreflexia throughout with clonus, and no fasciculations. Laboratory evaluation including electrolytes, thyroid panel and cardiac enzymes were normal except for a white blood cell count of 16,000. Electrocardiogram revealed T-wave inversions in lateral leads that were unchanged from previous. CT head showed no abnormalities and recent echocardiogram was normal. She was diagnosed with Lance-Adams syndrome, or post-anoxic myoclonus, and treated with low-dose clonazepam with rapid improvement in symptoms. DISCUSSION: Lance-Adams syndrome (LAS) is a rare disorder, first described in the 1960s, that presents in survivors of profound hypoxic episodes, similar to our patient. The incidence of this disorder is unknown as the diagnosis is underrecognized, but over 100 cases have been reported. The pathophysiology of LAS is not well understood, but one hypothesis is that anoxia leads to death of Purkinje cells at the fastigial nucleus of the cerebellum, and the subsequent loss of GABA-inhibition of the motor thalamus results in myoclonus. Alternate hypotheses include depression of the serotonergic system. LAS can be difficult to differentiate from myoclonic status epilepticus, but consciousness is undisturbed and electroencephalogram may show spike discharges preceding myclonic jerks by 7-32 milliseconds in patients with LAS. LAS results in significant disability, with uncontrollable myoclonus upon purposeful movement that typically develops days to weeks post anoxic injury, and thus may present during post-hospital discharge clinic visits. LAS is not curable but may be treatable. Clonazepam seems to be the most effective benzodiazepine used to treat LAS. Anti-epileptic agents such as valproic acid, leviteracetam and zonisamide may also be used to control symptoms. If these agents are ineffective, continuous globus pallidus internus stimulation was recently found to be successful. ER  - 
An unusual case of horner's syndrome; A 71-year-old man presented with headache for a month and left eyelid droop for 2 days. He complained of recurrent sore throat, weight loss and long-standing anorexia, depression, iron deficiency anaemia and was receiving methotrexate for rheumatoid arthritis. Examination revealed a left sided Horner 's syndrome. He had palpable temporal arteries. He was cachectic and apyrexial. There was no other abnormality. Blood tests showed microcytic anaemia, CRP 100 mg/l and ESR 40 mm/h (previously normal). MRI brain and MRA of head and neck were initially reported as normal. There was no evidence of atlanto-axial subluxation/ activity. CSF examination was normal. Within 2 weeks he represented with dysarthria, dysphagia and a left-deviating tongue. His CRP rose to 140 mg/l. He exhibited a left-sided Villaret's syndrome: cranial nerve 9, 10, 11, 12 palsies and Horner 's syndrome. MRI with contrast showed a retropharyngeal enhancing mass involving the left carotid and hypoglossal canal. Biopsy found a large fibrous and necrotic area extending from one eustatian tube to the other without frank pus. Microscopy and culture was negative for tuberculosis, but grew diphtheroids, candida and E.coli. There was no malignancy. He received appropriate antibiotics and his headache and inflammatory markers have resolved. He has improved tongue movement, but his neurology otherwise remains unchanged. The final diagnosis was skull base osteomyelitis/abscess causing Villaret's syndrome. This constellation of lower cranial nerve palsies and Horner's syndrome always localises the lesion outside the skull. (Figure presented). ER  - 
Exanthematous drug eruptions; A 50-year-old woman with bipolar depression presents with a widespread pruritic rash of 1 day's duration. She is afebrile and otherwise well. She has a history of childhood eczema and is allergic to sulfonamide antibiotics. Her medications include thyroxine daily, naproxen intermittently, and lamotrigine, which she began taking 3 weeks earlier. How should this case be evaluated and treated? Copyright © 2012 Massachusetts Medical Society. ER  - 
Effects of n-3 fatty acids, EPA v. DHA, on depressive symptoms, quality of life, memory and executive function in older adults with mild cognitive impairment: A 6-month randomised controlled trial; Depressive symptoms may increase the risk of progressing from mild cognitive impairment (MCI) to dementia. Consumption of n-3 PUFA may alleviate both cognitive decline and depression. The aim of the present study was to investigate the benefits of supplementing a diet with n-3 PUFA, DHA and EPA, for depressive symptoms, quality of life (QOL) and cognition in elderly people with MCI. We conducted a 6-month double-blind, randomised controlled trial. A total of fifty people aged >65 years with MCI were allocated to receive a supplement rich in EPA (1•67g EPA+0•16g DHA/d; n 17), DHA (1•55g DHA+0•40g EPA/d; n 18) or the n-6 PUFA linoleic acid (LA; 2•2g/d; n 15). Treatment allocation was by minimisation based on age, sex and depressive symptoms (Geriatric Depression Scale, GDS). Physiological and cognitive assessments, questionnaires and fatty acid composition of erythrocytes were obtained at baseline and 6 months (completers: n 40; EPA n 13, DHA n 16, LA n 11). Compared with the LA group, GDS scores improved in the EPA (P=0•04) and DHA (P=0•01) groups and verbal fluency (Initial Letter Fluency) in the DHA group (P=0•04). Improved GDS scores were correlated with increased DHA plus EPA (r 0•39, P=0•02). Improved self-reported physical health was associated with increased DHA. There were no treatment effects on other cognitive or QOL parameters. Increased intakes of DHA and EPA benefited mental health in older people with MCI. Increasing n-3 PUFA intakes may reduce depressive symptoms and the risk of progressing to dementia. This needs to be investigated in larger, depressed samples with MCI. © 2011 The Author. ER  - 
Acupuncture, self-care homeopathy, and practitioner-based homeopathy: Comparing users in the 2007 NHIS; Purpose: To compare non-users and users of acupuncture, homeopathy as self-care, and homeopathy with a practitioner. The 2002 and 2007 NHIS CAM Supplements indicate more users of homeopathy than of acupuncture; however, there were more visits to acupuncture practitioners suggesting that a large component of homeopathic use is for self-care. Methods: Data from the 2007 NHIS, including 23,393 adults, were used to compare recent users of acupuncture, homeopathy as self-care, homeopathy with a practitioner, and non-users regarding demographics, health behaviours, reasons for use, and perceived health. Results: All users were significantly more likely than the general population to be female, to have a Bachelor's or higher education and to describe their health as good to excellent. However, acupuncture users were significantly more likely to score in the range of Serious Mental Illness on the K6 depression scale. Self-care homeopathy was most used by individuals of multiple race (4.4%), followed by Native Americans (3.8%); practitioner guided homeopathy by Asian Indians (2.1%); and acupuncture by Chinese (6.8%). Whites seemed more likely to use homeopathy (1.9%) than acupuncture (1.6%), but the difference was not significant (p=0.10). Of the conditions listed, homeopathy was most used for respiratory infections and acupuncture for back pain. All users were significantly more likely than the general population to have delayed or not obtained medical care because of cost. In contrast, they were also more likely to have income from interest and investments. Realistic estimates of actual expenditures are difficult due to the bimodal nature of the question asked with a threshold of $500. Conclusion: The relationship between acupuncture use and depression deserves further investigation. Given high levels of concern about overuse of antibiotics in respiratory infections, further research into the efficacy and cost-effectiveness of homeopathy for these conditions is warranted. Hopefully, future versions of NHIS-CAM will provide more realistic estimates of expenditures. ER  - 
A case of venlafaxine-induced syndrome of inappropriate ADH secretion (SIADH) - Treatment with tolvaptan; History and admission findings: A 74-year-old woman with known COPD was admitted to hospital because of dyspnoa. Clinical and laboratory tests showed an acute pulmonary infection which was treated with antibiotics. Additionally she was found to have a moderately severe episode of depression for which she had the preceding three weeks been treated with venlafaxine, a selective serotonin re-uptake inhibitor. During the subsequent days she gradually developed a hyponatremia with serum sodium levels down to 108 mmol/l. Investigations: After excluding common causes of hyponatremia such as a cerebral or pulmonal malignancy or endocrine disorders by computed thomography and laboratory tests, a venlafaxine induced syndrome of inappropriate ADH secretion (SIADH) was assumed to be the cause of the hyponatremia. Treatment and course: As neither discontinuation of venlafaxine nor strict fluid restriction led to a rise in the natrium level and the patient had a generalized seizure, oral treatment with the tolavaptan, a vasopressin-2-receptor antagonist, was initiated. This resulted within 48 hours in a rise of the sodium level to 131 mmol/l and there were no further seizures. Conclusion: Hyponatremia is a relatively common side effect of medical treatment with SSRI or SSNRI in elderly patients. The therapy of choice in case of a hyponatremia due to a SIADH is to discontinue the antidepressive drugs and institute strict fluid restriction. Tolvaptan has recently emerged as a promising new therapeutic option for SIADH. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG - Stuttgart - New York. ER  - 
Evidence that microglia mediate the neurobiological effects of chronic psychological stress on the medial prefrontal cortex; Psychological stress contributes to the development of clinical depression. This has prompted many preclinical studies to investigate the neurobiology of this relationship, however, the effects of stress on glia remain unclear. In this study, we wished to determine, first, how exposure to chronic psychological stress affects microglial activity within the prefrontal cortex (PFC) and, second, whether the observed changes were meaningfully related to corresponding changes in local neuronal activity and PFC-regulated behavior. Therefore, we examined markers of microglial activation, antigen presentation, apoptosis, and persistent neuronal activation within the PFC after exposure to repeated restraint stress. We also examined the effect of stress on spatial working memory, a PFC-dependent function. Finally, we tested the ability of a microglial activation inhibitor (minocycline) to alter the impact of chronic stress on all of these endpoints. Stressor exposure produced positively correlated increases in microglial and long-term neuronal activation in the PFC but not antigen presentation or apoptosis. As expected, it also impaired spatial working memory. Importantly, minocycline reduced the impact of stress on neuronal activation and working memory, as well as microglial activation. These results suggest a role for microglia in mediating the effects of stress on PFC neuronal function and PFC-regulated behavior. © 2011 The Author. ER  - 
A double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of omega-3 fatty acids in Tourette's disorder; OBJECTIVE: Clinical observations have suggested therapeutic effects for omega-3 fatty acids (O3FA) in Tourette's disorder (TD), but no randomized, controlled trials have been reported. In a placebo-controlled trial, we examined the efficacy of O3FA in children and adolescents with TD. METHODS: Thirty-three children and adolescents (ages 6-18) with TD were randomly assigned, double-blind, to O3FA or placebo for 20 weeks. O3FA consisted of combined eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid. Placebo was olive oil. Groups were compared by using (1) intent-to-treat design, with the last-observation- carried-forward controlling for baseline measures and attention-deficit/ hyperactivity disorder via (a) logistic regression, comparing percentage of responders on the primary Yale Global Tic Severity Scale (YGTSS)-Tic and secondary (YGTSS-Global and YGTSS-Impairment) outcome measures and (b) analysis of covariance; and (2) longitudinal mixed-effects models. RESULTS: At end point, subjects treated with O3FA did not have significantly higher response rates or lower mean scores on the YGTSS-Tic (53% vs 38%; 15.6 ± 1.6 vs 17.1 ± 1.6, P > .1). However, significantly more subjects on O3FA were considered responders on the YGTSS-Global measure (53% vs 31%, P = .05) and YGTSS-Impairment measure (59% vs 25%, P < .05), and mean YGTSS-Global scores were significantly lower in the O3FA-treated group than in the placebo group (31.7 ± 2.9 vs 40.9 ± 3.0, P = .04). Obsessive-compulsive, anxiety, and depressive symptoms were not significantly affected by O3FA. Longitudinal analysis did not yield group differences on any of the measures. CONCLUSIONS: O3FA did not reduce tic scores, but it may be beneficial in reduction of tic-related impairment for some children and adolescents with TD. Limitations include the small sample and the possible therapeutic effects of olive oil. Copyright © 2012 by the American Academy of Pediatrics. ER  - 
New drug targets in depression: Inflammatory, cell-mediate immune, oxidative and nitrosative stress, mitochondrial, antioxidant, and neuroprogressive pathways. and new drug candidates-Nrf2 activators and GSK-3 inhibitors; This paper reviews new drug targets in the treatment of depression and new drug candidates to treat depression. Depression is characterized by aberrations in six intertwined pathways: (1) inflammatory pathways as indicated by increased levels of proinflammatory cyto-kines, e.g. interleukin-1 (IL-1), IL-6, and tumour necrosis factor α. (2) Activation of cell-mediated immune pathways as indicated by an increased production of interferon γ and neopterin. (3) Increased reactive oxygen and nitrogen species and damage by oxidative and nitrosative stress (O&NS), including lipid peroxidation, damage to DNA, proteins and mitochondria. (4) Lowered levels of key antioxidants, such as coenzyme Q10, zinc, vitamin E, glutathione, and glutathione peroxidase. (5) Damage to mitochondria and mitochondrial DNA and reduced activity of respiratory chain enzymes and adenosine triphosphate production. (6) Neuroprogression, which is the progressive process of neurodegeneration, apoptosis, and reduced neurogenesis and neuronal plasticity, phenomena that are probably caused by inflammation and O&NS. Antidepressants tend to normalize the above six pathways. Targeting these pathways has the potential to yield antidepressant effects, e.g. using cytokine antagonists, minocycline, Cox-2 inhibitors, statins, acetylsalicylic acid, ketamine, ω3 poly-unsaturated fatty acids, antioxidants, and neurotrophic factors. These six pathways offer new, pathophysiologically guided drug targets suggesting that novel therapies could be developed that target these six pathways simultaneously. Both nuclear factor (erythroid-derived 2)-like 2 (Nrf2) activators and glycogen synthase kinase-3 (GSK-3) inhibitors target the six above-mentioned pathways. GSK-3 inhibitors have antidepressant effects in animal models of depression. Nrf2 activators and GSK-3 inhibitors have the potential to be advanced to phase-2 clinical trials to examine whether they augment the efficacy of antidepressants or are useful as monotherapy. © 2011 CARS. ER  - 
Celecoxib or naproxen treatment does not benefit depressive symptoms in persons age 70 and older: Findings from a randomized controlled trial; Background: Several lines of evidence suggest that inflammatory mechanisms may be involved in the severity and progression of depression. One pathway implicated is the production of prostaglandins via the enzyme cyclooxygenase (COX). Although late-life depression in particular has been associated with inflammation, we know of no published studies using COX inhibitors, such as nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), in the treatment of depressive syndromes in this population. Objective: To evaluate the effect of the NSAIDs celecoxib and naproxen on depressive symptoms in older adults. Methods: The Alzheimer's Disease Anti-inflammatory Prevention Trial was a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-masked clinical trial conducted at six U.S. memory clinics. Cognitively normal volunteers age 70 and older with a family history of Alzheimer-like dementia were randomly assigned to receive celecoxib 200 mg twice daily, naproxen sodium 220 mg twice daily, or placebo. The 30-item version of the Geriatric Depression Scale (GDS) was administered to all participants at enrollment and at yearly follow-up visits. Participants with a GDS score greater than 5 at baseline were classified as depressed. Results: Of 2,528 participants enrolled, 2,312 returned for at least one follow-up visit. Approximately one-fifth had significant depressive symptoms at baseline. Mean GDS score, and the percentage with significant depressive symptoms, remained similar over time across all three treatment groups. Furthermore, there was no treatment effect on GDS scores over time in the subgroup of participants with significant depressive symptoms at baseline. In longitudinal analysis using generalized estimating equations (GEE) regression, higher baseline GDS scores, a prior psychiatric history, older age, time in the study, and lower cognition interacting with time, but not treatment assignment, were associated with significantly higher GDS scores over time. Conclusion: Treatment with celecoxib or naproxen did not improve depressive symptoms over time compared with placebo. While inflammation has been implicated in late-life depression, these results do not support the hypothesis that inhibition of the COX pathway with these NSAIDs at these doses alleviates depressive symptoms in older adults. © 2012 American Association for Geriatric Psychiatry. ER  - 
Redox profile in liver of Leporinus macrocephalus exposed to different dissolved oxygen levels; Aquatic organisms are continuously exposed to environmental variations, which can lead to physiological and biochemical alterations. Leporinus macrocephalus, known as piavuçu, is a migratory species that may be exposed to variations in dissolved oxygen levels. Studies evaluating oxidative changes undergone by this species in these conditions are scarce. Therefore, this investigation aimed at evaluating oxidative alterations in L. macrocephalus exposed to different oxygen levels for 96 h: 6. 12 ± 0. 18, 3. 99 ± 0. 17, 3. 22 ± 0. 17, 2. 47 ± 0. 30 and 0. 710 ± 0. 07 mg L-1. At the end of the experimental period, fish were euthanized and livers used to determine lipid hydroperoxides, thiobarbituric acid reactive substances, catalase, glutathione-S-transferase, superoxide dismutase and thiol groups, which are an indirect measure of reduced glutathione. Results indicated a decrease in the studied parameters in hypoxic situations, suggesting a possible metabolic depression. © 2011 Springer Science+Business Media B.V. ER  - 
Effects of antidepressants and cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitor on cytokines and kynurenines in stimulated in vitro blood culture from depressed patients; Background Immune activation induces a pro-inflammatory state, which enhances the tryptophan degradation into kynurenine (KYN). The involvement of kynurenines has been shown in patients with major depression. Here, the effects of anti-inflammatory medication and antidepres-sants on cytokines and tryptophan metabolite changes in blood culture with immune challenge [bacterial mimetic lipopolysaccharide (LPS)] were investigated. Materials and methods A total of 21 depressed patients and 38 matched controls were recruited. Whole blood cultures were stimulated with LPS and drugs were added (celecoxib, venlafaxine, reboxetine, imipramine and flu-oxetine). Cytokines and kynurenines were analysed. Results After stimulation with LPS, the interferon-c and interleukin (IL)-10 secretions were significantly higher in controls than in patients (p = 0.045, p = 0.032), respectively. Adding imipramine and celecoxib abolished the significance for IL-10. Challenge with LPS induced the kynurenine pathway in each group. Regarding the ratio KYNA/KYN, which indicated how much of KYN formed is further catabolised into the neuroprotective arm, the controls' blood cultures showed a significantly higher ratio (p = 0.045). Discussion Stimulation with LPS induced increased production of pro-inflammatory and anti-inflammatory cytokines in both groups, but higher responses in controls. This lower production of cytokine responses in depressed patients indicates that their immune cells are in a refractory phase, induced by a pre-existing pro-inflammatory state. For kynurenines, the whole metabolism was enhanced by LPS; however, an imbalance to neuroprotective metabolites was observed just in control blood. A drug effect could only be shown for imipramine and celecoxib, which were beneficial in terms of re-balancing the immune function but not in re-balancing neuroactive metabolites. © 2011 CARS. ER  - 
Prevalence and immunological spectrum of temporal lobe epilepsy with glutamic acid decarboxylase antibodies; Background and purpose: High levels of glutamic acid decarboxylase (GAD)-ab were initially described in patients with stiff person syndrome, and have since also been observed in patients with other neurological diseases. Temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE) seems to be specially associated. Our purpose is to describe the prevalence of GAD-ab in patients with TLE, and to characterize the clinical-immunological profile of TLE patients with high levels of GAD-ab. Methods: An immunological profile including GAD-ab and antinuclear, anti-DNA, anti-cardiolipin, anti-transglutaminase and antithyroid antibodies was determined in a consecutive series of patients with TLE. As adulthood onset is the least common onset in TLE+hipocampal sclerosis and febrile seizures, we selected patients whose onset was after 30years of age, to expand the spectrum of aetiologies. Patients were divided into two groups: known aetiology, 19 patients (45%) and unknown aetiology, 23 (55%). The clinical-immunological study included TLE patients with high GAD-ab levels (>1000IU). Results: Amongst 42 patients, serum GAD-ab levels were positive in 5 (152-11963IU/ml), all from the unknown aetiology group. Thus, GAD-ab levels were positive in 21.7% and high in 8.7% of the unknown aetiology group. The immunological profile study included nine patients (seven pharmacoresistant), of whom six were women (66%) with mean age 41years. Three patients reported acute debut, four (44%) insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, five (55%) other concomitant autoimmune diseases, four (44%) memory impairment and four moderate-to-severe mood disturbance. Intrathecal synthesis of GAD-ab was observed in seven patients (77%). Conclusions: Temporal lobe epilepsy with GAD-ab is not a rare condition. In the subgroup of patients with high titres, this epilepsy is often pharmacoresistant and associated with memory impairment, depression and other autoimmune diseases. © 2012 The Author(s). European Journal of Neurology © 2012 EFNS. ER  - 
Minocycline as adjunctive therapy for patients with unipolar psychotic depression: An open-label study; Background: Approximately 25% of patients admitted to a hospital as a result of depression are actually suffering from psychotic depression. Psychotic symptoms can be present in patients with either unipolar depression or bipolar depression and can be difficult to treat. It was reported the second-generation tetracycline may exert potential antidepressant effects through its robust neuroprotective activities, which include neurogenesis, antioxidation, and anti-glutamate excitotoxicity, and may direct regulation of pro-inflammatory agents. Methods: This was a 6-week, open-label study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of minocycline in combination with antidepressants in adult inpatients (n= 25) diagnosed with major depression with psychotic features (psychotic depression) according to DSM-IV-TR. The primary endpoint was the change from baseline in the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D-21) score from baseline to week 6. Secondary endpoints were changes in the Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale (BPRS) and the Clinical Global Impression (CGI) Scale scores from baseline to week 6. Spontaneously reported adverse events were recorded. Results: The patients' average age was 46.9 ± 10.2. years. Minocyline (150. mg/day) in combination with antidepressants (fulvoxamine, paroxetine, and sertraline) provided significant improvement in depression. Mean (± SD) HAM-D-21 was reduced to 6.7 ± 1.9 at week 6 from a baseline value of 40.4 ± 2.5. Significant improvement of psychotic symptoms (mean ± SD) was indicated by the decrease in BPRS scores from baseline (63.3 ± 8.7) to week 6 (4.6 ± 2.4). No serious adverse events occurred. Conclusions: These preliminary data suggest that minocycline in combination with antidepressants is effective and well tolerated in the treatment of unipolar psychotic depression. Further studies using larger, double-blind, parallel-group design are warranted to confirm these findings. © 2012 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Benefit of Monascus-fermented products for hypertension prevention: A review; γ-Aminobutyric acid (GABA) has been reported to play a neurotransmitter in the central nervous system thereby exerting an inhibition in nerve impulse, in turn ameliorating depression; in addition, recent study also reveals the anti-hypertensive effect of GABA in vivo. Edible fungi of the Monascus species have been used as traditional Chinese medicine in eastern Asia for several centuries. Monascus-fermented products possess a number of functional secondary metabolites, including anti-inflammatory pigments (such as monascin and ankaflavin), monacolins, dimerumic acid, and GABA. Several scientific studies have shown that these secondary metabolites have anti-inflammatory, anti-oxidative, and anti-tumor activities. Moreover, many published reports have shown the efficacy of Monascus-fermented products in the prevention or amelioration of some diseases, including hypercholesterolemia, hyperlipidemia, hypertension, diabetes, obesity, Alzheimer's disease, and numerous types of cancer in recent studies. The current article discusses and provides evidence to elucidate the anti-hypertensive benefit of Monascus-fermented metabolites, including anti-inflammatory pigments and GABA. © Springer-Verlag 2012. ER  - 
Inflammation in psychopathology of depression: Clinical, biological, and therapeutic implications; Increasing evidence suggests that inflammation responses play an important role in the pathophysiology of depression. Clinically depressed patients manifest higher levels of inflammatory biomarkers, while proinflammatory cytokines induce neuropsychiatric symptoms (sickness behavior) as well as major depressive episode. Mechanisms that might be responsible for inflammation-mediated neuropsychiatric and depressive symptoms are vital in understanding "mind-body" interface; these have been studied in clinical and animal models (e.g., interferon-α-induced depression in patients with chronic hepatitis C, one of the most notable clinical models for testing inflammation theory of depression and an excellent approach to investigate development of depression in a prospective manner). Furthermore, the anti-inflammatory pathway has become a hot topic in looking for new antidepressant therapies. Recently, omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFAs or n-3 PUFAs) have gained more attention as a promising treatment for depression. raEicosapentanoic acid and docosahexanoic acid, major bioactive components of omega-3 PUFAs, are both natural anti-inflammatory and antidepressant agents. Here, we review recent epidemiological studies, cross-sectional and longitudinal case-controlled studies, interventional clinical trials, as well as basic animal and cellular studies to prove the linkage among omega-3 PUFAs, inflammation, and depression. © 2012. ER  - 
Microtubule stabilization by peloruside A and paclitaxel rescues degenerating neurons from okadaic acid-induced tau phosphorylation; Many cellular organelles must travel long distances in neurons to perform their specific functions, and this transport is highly dependent on the microtubule network within the axon. Hyperphosphorylation of microtubule-associated tau protein destabilizes microtubules and leads to neuronal cell death. This destabilization can be corrected in part by treatment with microtubule-stabilizing drugs such as paclitaxel and epothilone. The phosphatase inhibitor okadaic acid inhibits the outgrowth of neurites in neuronal cell cultures by hyperphosphorylating tau protein. In this study using neuronal cultures derived from the cerebral cortex of early postnatal Sprague-Dawley rats, we examined whether stabilization of microtubules by peloruside A, a microtubule-stabilizing agent that binds to a different site on β-tubulin from paclitaxel, could counter the deleterious effects of 8h exposure to 15nm okadaic acid. Peloruside A reversed the decrease in axonal outgrowth and branching seen in neuronal cultures treated with okadaic acid and rescued neurons from growth cone collapse. Although peloruside A had no effect on the hyperphosphorylation of tau caused by okadaic acid, it restored the levels of acetylated tubulin, a marker of stable microtubules, and reversed the okadaic acid-induced depression of growth-associated protein-43, an axonal growth regulator. Thus, microtubule-stabilizing drugs show promise as new therapeutic agents for treating damaged microtubule networks characteristic of neurodegenerative disease. © 2012 The Authors. European Journal of Neuroscience © 2012 Federation of European Neuroscience Societies and Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Acne drug therapy and the development of comorbid major depressive disorder in the United States; OBJECTIVES: Dermatological disorders are associated with secondary psychiatric illnesses. In particular, acne carries an increased risk of developing major depressive disorder (MDD) and other psychological comorbidities. The association between acne drug therapy and the incidence of secondary psychiatric disorders, however, remains unclear. This study evaluated the effects of drug therapies on the development of comorbid MDD in acne patients in the United States. METHODS: A longitudinal retrospective study was conducted using the 2003-2007 MarketScan Medicaid Claims dataset representing 177,333 patients with acne vulgaris. The Cox proportional-hazard survival analysis was performed to obtain the hazard ratios (HRs) of MDD development, adjusting age, race, sex, physician specialty, Charlson Comorbidiy index (CCI), and acne drug treatment. RESULTS: Patients totalling 11,131 had an MDD occurrence within the study period. White patients had the highest hazard of MDD incidence among all races (all p<0.01). Compared with adult patients, youths and children were less likely to have anMDD occurrence (HRs=0.66 and 0.22, respectively; both p<0.01). MDD was less frequent in patients seen by dermatologists, family physicians, or pediatricians (all p<0.01). Patients whose acne was treated with isotretinoin, oral antibiotics, or topical antibiotics were less likely to have an MDD occurrence (HRs=0.56, 0.41, and 0.46, respectively; all p<0.01). A unit of increase in CCI was associated with a 14% higher hazard of MDD incidence (p<0.01). CONCLUSIONS: The likelihood of MDD occurrence in acne patients treated with drug therapy varied with age and race. Consultation with dermatologists, family physicians, or pediatricians was associated with a lower hazard of MDD. Drug treatment of acne with isotretinoin, oral antibiotics, or topical antibiotics was associated with a reduced incidence of secondary MDD in acne patients, indicating that the treatment of the primary cutaneous indication may reduce the risk of secondary psychiatric comorbidities. ER  - 
ABCs of neonatal cardiac anesthesia; Introduction: CHD is relatively common and there are treatment options for virtually every form of CHD. Whilst it remains a significant cause of death in infancy with good care the majority of babies with CHD can reach adulthood. A clear understanding of the underlying pathophysiology and the planned surgical procedure is paramount and attention to detail and meticulous care is important. However there are several standard management strategies that can simplify practice and improve outcome. Induction of Anesthesia: Either intravenous or gas induction of anesthesia can be safely tolerated by most patients. It is important to ensure adequate oxygenation and normocarbia throughout. Myocardial depression, ↓HR and ↓SVR are the major potential drawbacks, if higher doses/concentrations are used. Routine minimum monitoring to start: ECG, SpO2, NIBP, EtCO2 Invasive Pressure Monitoring: • Arterial-femoral may be better for monitoring invasive arterial pressure and ABG sampling. • CVP-Triple lumen catheter in the internal jugular vein. Knowing the pathophysiology and the surgical procedure planned may guide SpO2 probe and arterial line placement. Maintenance of Anesthesia • Isoflurane with air/O2 mixture or propofol infusion (2-6 mg/kg/h) can be used. • Nitrous oxide not usually used: • Fentanyl as a continuous infusion (5-10 μg/kg/h) or intermittent boluses. • Rocuronium is my muscle relaxant of choice. Other Drug Therapies • Steroids: Dexamethasone 1 mg/kg (or methylprednisolone) may modify the inflammatory and immunological response to CPB. However there is no final consensus on the benefit (1). • Antithrombolytic agents: Tranexamic Acid-(10-30 mg/kg) decreases the postop blood loss and total blood product usage in the post-CPB period. (2). Aminocaproic acid is also effective. • Magnesium sulfate: (30-60 mg/kg) Pre-CPB Management The balance between the pulmonary and systemic blood flow should be addressed depending on the pathophysiology. • Controlled ventilation with adjustments in rate, tidal volume and FiO2 is a strategic way of manipulating the PVR : SVR and also Qp : Qs. • Vasoconstrictors (e.g., phenylephrine) often necessary to manipulate SVR. • Heparin (3-4 mg/kg)-Adequate anticoagulation (ACT > 450 s) should be ensured before aortic cannulation. Discontinuation of CPB Airway • Ensure that ETT is not kinked. • Suction any secretions from ETT. • Ensure that lungs are fully expanded. Breathing • Use appropriate peak and PEEP pressures to maintain expansion of lungs. • Low normal PaCO2 will help to control PVR. • Further reduction in PVR may be achieved by using inhaled NO at 10-40 ppm. Circulation • Heart rate and rhythm: - Sinus rhythm 140-160/min is desirable. Higher rates could result in decreased diastolic filling and reduced coronary perfusion. • Contractility: - Suboptimal calcium handling by myocytes → dependence on adequate extracellular calcium to maintain contractility. - Immature resequestration of calcium → suboptimal ventricular diastolic compliance. • Preload: - LV preload can be assessed by LA pressure (>12 mm Hg no advantage (preload recruitable stroke volume is limited in neonates). - Volume replacement to optimize filling pressures: - Cell saver blood/packed cells (to achieve appropriate Hb) - Platelets, Cryo, FFP as required for coagulation defects (after protamine given to reverse heparin) - Crystalloid or colloid. • Afterload: - Poor LV and RV tolerance to ↑afterload. Inotropes: • Milrinone-1st line inotrope. • Dopamine-2nd line inotrope. • Adrenaline-occasionally req for complicated CHD. • Noradrenaline-not often needed. Summary 1. A clear understanding of the underlying pathophysiology and the planned surgical procedure is paramount. 2. Attention to detail and meticulous care is important. 3. But there are several standard management strategies that simplify practice but aim to improve outcome. ER  - 
Serotonin syndrome: Three case reports and pathological findings; Objective: Serotonin syndrome(SS) is a spectrum of autonomic dysfunction,mental status changes and neuromuscular abnormalities. Through our case series we illustrate the varied clinical manifestations and etiologies of this disorder. We report a rare case of autopsy findings in SS. Background: Serotonin syndrome is a predictable drug reaction resulting from excess serotonergic agonism of central nervous system and peripheral serotonin receptors following the use of serotomimetic agents. It is characterised by mental status change, agitation, incoordintaion, myoclonus, hyperreflexia, diaphoresis, shivering, tremor, diarrhoea or fever. Methods: A retrospective chart review of 3 patients who developed SS in our institution was undertaken, focusing on aetiology, treatement and in once case, autopsy findings. Results: Case 1: 35yo F with depression. Medication: Sodium Valporate, Phenelzine. Took over the counter cough syrup (containing phenylephrine hydrochloride) for a cold. 3 days later found comatosed with floppy arms and rigid legs which exhibited rhythmic jerking movements. She was flushed, dry and hypotensive. Treated with fluids and pressor support-recovered over 4 weeks. Case 2:69yo F with idiopathic Parkinson's disease. Patient taking own supply of venlafaxine-not noted. Prescribed amitryptiline for insomnia on day 3. Next day: pyrexia, flusheing, rigidity, confusion, elevated CPK, renal impairment and hypotension. responded to rehydration, removal of the tricyclic antidepressant and Venlafaxine and the addition of Bromocriptine and Cyproheptadine. encephalopathy slowly resolved over 6 months. Case 3: 57yo F with depression presented to ED with pyrexia, decreased level of consciousness and lower limb rigidity and shaking. Seized in ED and began bleeding from nose and mouth. Diagnosed with SS due to interaction of duloxetine and amitryptiline complicated by encephalopathy, DIC, rhabdomyolysis and multiorgan failure. Prolonged ICU stay-succumbed to ventilator associated pneumonia. Autopsy performed. Conclusions: The increasing use of serotomimetic agents is likely to result in increasing numbers of patients developing SS. The subtle signs and symptoms of mild cases and general ignorance of the medical profession as to its existence contributes to its delayed or even misdiagnosis. One must keep SS in mind when using not only SSRI's and TCA's but also opioids, antibiotics, anti-retrovirals, anaesthetics and methylene blue. ER  - 
Highly resistant Candida cerebral infection; Introduction: Invasive fungal infection (IFI) is a serious and common complication in hematological patients. The incidence of IFI correlates with the severity of immunosuppression, which in turn is associated with the intensity of treatment. Case: An eighteen-year-old boy with a severe refractory cytopenia and concomitant trisomy 8 underwent a Bone Marrow Transplant. Conditioning chemotherapy included Thiotepa, Fludarabine, Treosulfan and antithymocyte globulin (ATG), followed by a 3 × 108 nucleated cells Kg-1 infusion. Only Cyclosporin-A was used for Graft Versus Host Disease (GVHD) prophylaxis. At day +13, a complete engraftment was observed but a grade I GVHD occurred. At day +16, the patient developed a severe acute hepatic, intestinal and cutaneous GVHD, treated with steroids, and, at day +19, with infliximab, followed by basiliximab, mycophenolate mofetil and budesonide. At day +31, after the onset of massive gastrointestinal haemorrhage, the boy was treated with an ATG cycle and with two mesenchymal stem cells infusions with no benefits. Intestinal haemorrhage resolved with thalidomide. At day +60, the clinical situation was complicated by a Candida albicans sepsis, resolved with anidulafungin. At day +70, the patient experienced an isolated episode of depression with normal EEG. However, the symptoms of depression were exacerbated and a brain Computer Tomography scan showed a left parietal lesion. The boy went into coma with GCS 7-8 and a decerebrate posture. A brain and brainstem Magnetic Resonance Imaging showed multiple rounded lesions compatible with fungal localizations. High levels of ß-D-glucan and mannan were documented and a systemic diffusion of Candida was observed. Patient was treated with liposomal amphotericin in high doses, with voriconazole in combination with anidulafungin and with posaconazole without any effect. The antibiogram performed showed total resistance to azoles and to polyenes, and a high MIC for echinocandins. The patient later died. Conclusion: IFI carries great morbidity and mortality and the casefatality rate exceeds 50% in cases. Echinocandins are now being used increasingly as therapy for invasive candidiasis but reports of in vitro resistance and loss of echinocandin activity following prolonged use have been observed. However, the hematologic malignancy, severity of immunosuppression, and the presence of indwelling devices probably represent determinant factors for the poor outcome more than any antifungal therapy. ER  - 
Infection risk in psychiatric patients: A case report; Catatonia may occur in some psychiatric disorders such as schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, depression. Bacterial infections generally occur in patient whom long-term hospitalized and immune system weakened. We reported a case of sepsis, which was diagnosed to have bipolar disorder depressive episode with catatonic features that has been hospitalized in our clinic and resist to food and drug intake for 67 days. 21 year old male patient, wasdiagnosed to have bipolar disorder. He was admitted with depressed mood, anhedonia, decreased self care, deceased appetite and sleep, mutism, immobility, negativism and resistant to food and drug intake. He was diagnosed to have bipolar disorder depressive episode with catatonic features. He was hospitalized and olanzapine 20 mg/day, electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) were started. 12 sessions of ECT were administered. He didn't respond to this treatment regimen adequately and valproate was started and dose wasgradually increased to 1500 mg/day. He partially responded to the existing treatment. At the 7th week of the treatment the patient's body temperature increased to 38.8 °C and platelet count decreased from 420.000 to 52.000/ml. We stopped all treatments in reference to the proposal of internalist. Escherichia coli and Citrobacter youngae were isolated from his blood culture. Then the patient was diagnosed to have sepsis and prescribed antibiotics and supportive treatment without psychotropic medication. By the first week of antibiotic treatment, he started to talk spontaneously, and the amount of speech and psychomotor activity increased significantly. Psychiatric patients, who are immobilized and hospitalized for a long time, may resist to drug-food intake,Lack of self-care is a predisposition to infection. In case of a worsening in the clinical state of the patients with catatonia, a severe psychiatric condition, clinicians should keep in mind that organic pathologies like sepsis may contribute to deterioration of the patient if the worsening happens after ECT treatment. ER  - 
Cytokines in psychiatric disorders: Therapeutic approaches; Proinflammatory cytokines, such as IL-6, IL-1 and TNF-appear to be elevated at least in the peripheral blood of depressed patients. Thus the activity of IDO, a key enzyme of the tryptophane/kynurenine metabolism, may be enhanced in depressed patients through these cytokines. Although IL-6 does not directly act on IDO, its elevated levels in serum may contribute to IDO activation within the CNS by the stimulatory effect on PGE2, which acts as cofactor in the activation of IDO. This fits with a report on the correlation of increased in vitro IL-6 production with decreased tryptophan levels in depressed patients. In schizophrenia, however, a role for an inflammatory process has been postulated. A prenatal immune challenge during the second trimenon of pregnancy might be crucial. Due to the increase of proinflammatory cytokines and PGE2 in at least a subgroup of psychiatric patients, antiinflammatory treatment would be expected to show advantagous effects. Cyclo-oxygenase-2 inhibitors have been evaluated in major depression. We were able to demonstrate a statistically significant therapeutic effect of the COX-2 inhibitor on depressive symptoms in a randomized double blind pilot add-on study using the selective COX-2 inhibitor celecoxib in MD. Another randomized double-blind study in fifty depressed patients suffering from MD also showed an statistically significant better outcome of the COX-2 inhibitor celecoxib plus fluoxetine compared to fluoxetine alone. Further therapeutic strategies based on immune-modulatory effects will be discussed, too. Due to the signs of inflammation and the increase of PGE2 in some schizophrenic patients, antiinflammatory treatment would be expected to show also advantagous effects in schizophrenia. COX-2 inhibition reduces not only the levels of proinflammatory cytokines, COX-2 inhibition has also an impact to the glutamatergic neurotransmission and influences the tryptophan/ kynurenine metabolism: all three components seem to be involved in the pathophysiology of schizophrenia. In the meantime, several studies with the COX-2 inhibitor celecoxib have been performed in schizophrenia. Short term studies of the COX-2 inhibitor celecoxib show a therapeutic effect mainly in early stages of schizophrenia, the pertaining studies will be discussed. However, other immune-based therapeutic approaches including the use of antibiotics and antiviral agents have been studied and will be outlined. Further therapeutic strategies based on immune-modulatory effects will be discussed, too. ER  - 
Mind-Body Interface: Polyunsaturated fatty acids and somatic symptoms in major depressive disorder; Objective: Lower n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 or omega-3 PUFAs) levels and genetic variations on their metabolic enzymes of PUFA metabolic enzymes, phospholipase A2 (PLA2) and cyclooxygenase-2 (COX2), have been found to be associated with the risk of depression (1-4). In this study, we aimed to examine specific roles of n-3 PUFAs, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and the polymorphisms on PLA2 and COX2 in different clusters of depressive symptoms. Methods: Patients with major depressive disorders (n=122) and their healthy controlled subjects (n=122) were assessed to examine the effects of PUFA levels and single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) of PLA2 BanI and COX2 rs4648308 genes on the development of major depression and on specific clusters of depressive symptoms. Results: Patients with major depressive disorders had a significant lower level of EPA (p=0.03) and a trend of lower level of DHA (p=0.08). The COX2 rs4648308 AG genotype was associated with a higher risk of major depression (p=0.006 ; odds ratio=2.36, 95% CI=1.27-4.40), while the PLA2 BanI GG genotype had a borderline effect (p=0.06 ; odds ratio=1.81, 95% CI=0.87-3.79). The “at risk” COX2 polymorphism was associated with more somatic symptoms (p=0.003) and lower DHA (p=0.002), and the “at risk” PLA2 polymorphism was associated with more somatic symptoms (p=0.025). In addition, lower EPA and DHA levels were both significantly correlated with more somatic symptoms in patients with depression. Conclusion: Genetic variations in the COX2 and PLA2 genes have effects on depression and somatic features, possibly by affecting the levels of EPA and DHA. N-3 PUFAs may be a potential biomarker to understand clinical subtypes of depression (1). ER  - 
What is the rationale for designing multimodal antidepressants?; Major depressive disorder (MDD) is characterised by aberrations in many intertwined pathways: monoaminergic dysfunctions ; inflammatory pathways (increased levels of proinflammatory cytokines) ; hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis abnormalities ; impairments in neuroplasticity markers ; and disturbances in circadian rhythmicity. Monoaminergic dysfunctions have dominated clinical development of antidepressant drugs, as witnessed by the role of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) and dual-action antidepressants during recent decades [1]. However, treatments with improved response and tolerability are needed. Several attempts have been undertaken to develop antidepressants based on pathogenetic principles related to hyperactivity of the HPA axis, such as CRH1, glucocorticoid and vasopressin1B receptor antagonists [2]. So far, these developments have been disappointing. Candidate targets have been identified that reduce the increased signs of neuroinflammation in MDD [3]. Based on this, new targets could include cytokine antagonists, Cox-2 inhibitors, acetylsalicylic acid, ketamine and antioxidants. Clinical evidence for these candidate compounds is, however, still circumstantial. In clinical practice, recent studies have shown that augmentation of SSRIs with atypical antipsychotics leads to enhanced antidepressant response [4]. There is increasing clinical evidence for the augmentation strategy involving combination of an SSRI and mirtazapine [5, 6]. This response could be explained by assuming a synergistic effect between inhibiting reuptake of 5-HT and adding an antidepressant that is a 5-HT2A/2C and 5-HT3 receptor antagonist. From preclinical studies, there is evidence for the efficacy of multi-target serotonergic compounds, such as combination of an SSRI with 5-HT1A agonism, 5-HT2C antagonism, 5-HT3 antagonism, 5-HT6 agonism and 5-HT7 antagonism in different varieties [7]. When studied in isolation, 5-HT1A agonists may have modest antidepressant effects, as may 5-HT2C and 5-HT3 antagonists. There is a rationale for combining these two pharmacological modes of action into one molecule, constituting a multimodal drug. This may lead to synergistic effects and a strong antidepressant response. ER  - 
Fatal agranulocytosis associated with psychotropic medication use; Purpose. A patient's death due to severe hematologic adverse effects of the concomitant use of four psychotropic medications is reported. Summary. A 40-year-old Caucasian woman with a 9-year history of depression and anxiety (managed with alprazolam) was admitted to a psychiatric hospital for the treatment of acute psychotic symptoms. After nine days, the patient was discharged home on a regimen of lamotrigine, mirtazapine, quetiapine, and venlafaxine. Five weeks later, the development of severe ocular cellulitis, severe oral thrush, and febrile neutropenia necessitated the woman's urgent rehospitalization; on admission, her white blood cell count was 600 cells/mm3, her absolute neutrophil count was 18 cells/mm3, and microbial pathogens were isolated in peripheral blood and tracheal aspirate cultures. Despite treatment with antibiotics and filgrastim, the patient developed multiorgan dysfunction and died five days later from septic shock. The woman's concomitant use of multiple psychotropics and the late recognition of drug-induced agranulocytosis likely contributed to her severe symptoms and ultimate death. The application of the Naranjo scale to this case yielded a score of 6, indicating a probable adverse drug reaction. Although hematologic adverse effects have been reported with the use of each of the four drugs implicated in the woman's death, this is thought to be the first report of fatal agranulocytosis associated with any of the drugs. Conclusion. A 40-year old woman with a history of acute psychotic symptoms developed agranulocytosis and neutropenia after starting therapy that included lamotrigine, mirtazapine, quetiapine, and venlafaxine. Copyright © 2012, American Society of Health-System Pharmacists, Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Chiari Frommel syndrome - an exhaustive review; A rare endocrine disorder, an orphan disease, described by a German surgeon, Chiari Johann Baptist, and Frommel Richard Julius Ernst, a German gynecologist is Chiari-Frommel syndrome. It affects the women (usually young, 17-35 years) who have recently given birth, suffer from galactorrhea, anovulation, and amenorrhea, continuing for an abnormal period of time, uterus atrophy, and is better known as Chiari-Frommel syndrome in which hyperprolactinemia, eosinophillic hyperfunction is observed. But still its physiopathology remains unclear. The main targets of the disorder are those who are poorly nourished and complaint of lactation, lassitude, headaches, abdominal discomfort, mental distress, depression, breast enlargement, decreased size of uterus and cervix, weight gain, fatigue. Different findings reported are lot of variation but usually normal 17 ketosteroid excretion, atrophied endometrium, hypoestrogenic vaginal mucosa, normal glucose and insulin tolerance test, normal basal temperature curve. Related medications are cortef, eulexin, biperiden. Other drugs tried are tri-p-anisyl chloroethylene (TACE) with methyl testosterone, levodopa, bromoergocryptine, gamma amino butyric acid. Case reports have been also mentioned in the review. ER  - 
Exclusive plaque psoriasis of the lips: efficacy of combination therapy of topical tacrolimus, calcipotriol, and betamethasone dipropionate.; A 16-year-old unmarried woman presented with recurrent cracking of the lips indicated by the appearance of grayish white flakes since October 2004, which, in due course, shed off leaving behind an apparently normal mucous membrane. Chewing roasted corn treated with salt and lemon (bhutta) initially caused the lesions. Ever since, it has been a cause of its exacerbation. She never had any relief with either systemic or topical treatment. In fact, an obsession had overtaken her, resulting in a psychological setback. She denied regular drug use for any other ailment. Her menstrual cycle was normal. There was a positive history of psoriasis in her mother. Examination of the lips was conspicuous. It was marked by the presence of a well-circumscribed, moist, raised plaque (Figure 1). Its surface was irregular, with elevation and depression. It was made up of thick, grayish white scales, which were arranged in layers; however, Grattage/Auspitz sign could not be elicited. Fissuring was prominent but the buccal mucosa, surface of the tongue, gingiva, and palate were normal. The clinical examination did not reveal any evidence of skin and/or nail psoriasis/psoriatic arthropathy or any other systemic abnormality. Blood examination including total and differential leukocyte count, complete hemogram, and liver and renal function tests were normal. Biopsy of the representative lesion was subjected to serial sections. They were stained with hematoxylin-eosin to work up microscopic pathology. It revealed the presence of mounds of parakeratosis with numerous neutrophilic Munro microabscesses (Figure 2). Submucosal vessels were dilated and congested. Periodic-acid-Schiff (PAS) stain revealed fungal hyphae and spores within the parakeratotic layer. Colonies of Gram-positive cocci were also demonstrated on the surface of the mucosa. She was administered combination therapy, comprising topical tacrolimus (0.1%) ointment and calcipotirol hydrate (50 microg/g) plus betmethasone dipropionate (0.5 mg/g) twice a day for 7 days. A single bolus dose of fluconazole 450 mg orally was also administered. The response to treatment was favorable and the lesions showed regression (Figure 3). ER  - 
Tear trough deformity: Review of anatomy and treatment options; The lower eyelid can be a challenging area in facial rejuvenation. While lower eyelid bags are commonly the reason that patients present for lower eyelid rejuvenation, a separate entity known as a tear trough deformity may occur in conjunction with lower eyelid bags or alone. In this article, the authors outline the current understanding of the tear trough anatomy; describe multiple classification systems, which provide an objective means of evaluating the deformity and aid the surgeon in choosing appropriate treatment options; and review surgical and nonsurgical techniques for correcting the tear trough deformity. Treatment options include hyaluronic acid filler, fat grafting, skeletal implants, and fat transposition. Each procedure is associated with advantages and disadvantages, and each should be considered more complex than traditional lower blepharoplasty alone. While lower blepharoplasty removes excess fat and may tighten the anterior lamella, tear trough procedures require the addition of volume to the underlying depression. These procedures requiring release of the ligamentous structures and orbicularis (of which the tear trough is composed), as well as fat transposition or fat grafting, are associated with additional complications, which are also reviewed. © 2012 The American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery, Inc. ER  - 
Delirium in hospitalized elderly patients undergoing urologic surgery. Incidence and predictive role of multidimensional geriatric evaluation (MGE) to define a high-risk population and prevent complications: Results of a prospective study; Introduction and Objectives: Delirium (acute derangement syndrome) is a common condition occurring in hospitalized older pts with negative consequences, including higher postop complication rates and death, disability, permanent cognitive decline and institutionalization. It determines a longer hospitalization and an increase of costs. It's incidence ranges from 15 to 35% in postoperative phase, and from 70 to 87% in intensive care (IC). Several studies have attempted to set criteria delineating a high-risk profile to develop delirium. The objective of this prospective study was to evaluate the impact of a MGE in 3 settings of pts hospitalized for medical or surgical conditions and to evaluate the incidence and the possible causes of delirium. Methods: 274 elderly pts. admitted to 2 hospitals were evaluated in 3 different settings. 62 /274 pts (22.6%) from different depts. received a MGE on request during their hospital stay (Group 1). 159/274 (58%) dismissed pts. and regularly followed as out-pts. had a MGE at home (Group 2). 53/274 pts (19.4%) admitted for an elective urological procedure had a pre-op and post-op MGE and were strictly followed (Group 3).The mean age was 80.8, 80.3 and 78.1yrs respectively. The MGE included 19 items that were recorded in all pts. (drug history, delirium rating scale .). In this last group MGE was daily applied by nurses to define incidence and clinical characteristics of delirium. F-UP was planned at 1, 3 months and 1 year after discharge to evaluate global health and specifically functional and cognitive pts. status. Results: In Group 1 (62 pts) 75.8% of pts had MGE positive for delirium. Older age, high number of drugs used (digitalis and antibiotics) and depression were significantly correlated with delirium. In Group 2 (159 pts) 31.4% of subjects had delirium. Sex (females), >age, worse cognitive status and types of drugs used (digitalis, neuroleptics, antidepressant) were correlated with delirium. In Group C (53 pts affected by BPH and prostate, bladder and kidney cancer) 14.6% had a MGE test positive for delirium. Presence of co-morbidities, ASA score III-IV, type of anesthesia (general vs. spinal) were correlated with delirium. Conclusion: The incidence of delirium varies between the old population. MGE is an appropriate tool to detect it. Older age, low cognitive status, depression and N of drugs used are correlated with it. In urological pts candidate for surgery, high N of comorbidities, ASA score III-IV and type of anesthesia (general) predict the onset of delirium. Pharmacological research is ongoing to detect the variation of cholinergic agents that may also be responsible for delirium. ER  - 
Immediate effects of infliximab infusion on mood in patients with inflammatory bowel disease; Background: Patients with Inflammatory Bowel Disease (IBD) have frequent psychiatric comorbidity, such as anxiety and depression. Animal studies have shown that mild to moderate gut inflammation can trigger anxiety-like behavior, which is normalized by anti- TNF treatment. Some IBD patients on infliximab treatment have anecdotally reported a feeling of euphoria within hours of receiving the infusion, before mucosal healing could occur. The aim of this study was to investigate whether infliximab infusion improves mood in patients with IBD and whether this correlates with changes in gut inflammation. Methods: 34 patients with IBD attending the McMaster University infusion clinic were invited to participate, 18 patients (11 male, Crohn's disease=15, ulcerative colitis=2, indeterminate colitis=1, mean age 31.5 yrs, mean duration of disease 14.5 yrs) were enrolled. Patients were examined and scored using the Modified Mayo Score, questionnaires assessing mood (HAD, STAI) and IBD activity (SIBDQ) were administered. Serum CRP and kynurenin/ tryptophan levels were assessed before (day 0), 24 hrs (day 1) and 7 days (day 7) after the infusion. Results: Most patients had mild anxiety/depression. Mean HAD score for anxiety decreased from day 0 to 1 from 7.5±4.4 to 5.65 ±4.3 (p=0.05) and remained lower at day 7 (6.12±4.61), while depression score did not change. Similarly, scores for STAI decreased significantly at day 1 and day 7 (47.06±17.67 vs 38.18±12.27 vs 36.00±12.58, p=0.04, and p=0.03, respectively). Mayo score, SIBDQ score and CRP levels were low and similar at day 0, 1 and 7. However, kynurenin levels slightly decreased at day 1 (from 772.77±267.82 to752.62 ±189.37). The decrease in kynurenin levels was more marked and statisitically significant when data was analysed excluding 3 patients who were on antidepressant treatment. Summary and Conclusions: Anxiety scores (HAD and STAI) decreased significantly at day 1 and remained lower at day 7 after infliximab infusion. This was not accompanied by changes in colitis and SIBDQ scores, or CRP levels, indicating that most patients' disease was in remission. However, kynurenin levels decreased in parallel with anxiety scores. We propose that infliximab treatment induces changes in mood likely via modulation of tryptophan metabolism and through neutralization of circulating cytokines that may influence CNS function. This effect should be considered as being independent from anti-inflammatory effects of infliximab on intestinal inflammation. ER  - 
Frequency and type of side effects of immunomodulating medication in the swiss inflammatory bowel disease cohort; Background: Medical treatment of inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) is becoming more and more complex, as several classes of immuno-modulating drugs (IMD) are often used simultaneously. Thus, the probability of adverse effects is greatly increased. Most studies reporting on adverse effects focus on single therapy, and studies providing a global survey of side effects for multiple treatments are lacking. Aim: To assess the type and frequency of adverse events in IBD patients treated with single and multiple IMD therapy. Methods: Analysis of data from the Swiss IBD Cohort Study (SIBDCS) that collects data on a large sample of IBD patients from hospitals and private practices across Switzerland. The following IMD categories were analyzed: 5-ASA, azathioprine (Aza), 6-mercaptopurine (6-MP), methotrexate (MTX), anti-TNF (infliximab, adalimumab, certolizumab-pegol), cyclosporine, tacrolimus, and steroids. The following side effects were assessed: hepatitis, pancreatitis, leucopenia, thrombopenia, nephritis, allergic reaction, pneumonitis, infections (including tuberculosis), osteoporosis, abdominal pain/diarrhea (unrelated to IBD activity), cataract, diabetes, exanthema, hirsutism, lupus-like syndrome, myalgias, depression/psychosis, tumor development. Results: A total of 1,961 patients were analyzed (977 [50%] female, mean age 42.1 & plusmn; 14.4 years): 1,119 with Crohn's disease (CD), 800 with ulcerative colitis (UC), and 42 with indeterminate colitis (IC). Three-hundred eighteen (16.2%) patients were not treated with any of the above-mentioned medications, while 650 (33.2%), 569 (29%) and 424 (21.6%) patients had one-, two-, and three- or more- IMD therapy, respectively. Of the 1,643 patients treated with IMD, 535 (32.6%) patients reported at least one side effect. We found a significant correlation between the number of drugs used by a patient and the frequency of side effects (17.4% side effects for one drug, 29% for 2 drugs, and 60.6% for three or more drugs, p < 0.001). The frequency of side effects for the different IMD classes were as follows: 5-ASA (n = 980 treated patients) 10.8%, Aza/6-MP (n = 636) 51.9% (pancreatitis in 57 = 9%, hepatitis in 17 = 2.7% of treated patients), MTX (n = 146) 42.5% (hepatitis in 4 = 2.7% of treated patients), anti-TNF (n = 255) 23.1%, cyclosporine (n = 49) 10.2%, tacrolimus (n = 5) 20%, steroids (systemic or topical, n = 1,150) 9.6%. Conclusion: IBD treatment is associated with a significant number of side effects. A direct correlation between the number of IMD used simultaneously and the frequency of side effects was observed. The results of this study indicate that treating physicians should be vigilant for the occurrence of side effects in IBD patients under single and/or multiple drug therapy. ER  - 
Minocycline: Therapeutic potential in psychiatry; Pharmacological interventions to treat psychiatric illness have previously focused on modifying dysfunctional neurotransmitter systems to improve symptoms. However, imperfect understanding of the aetiology of these heterogeneous syndromes has been associated with poor treatment outcomes for many individuals. Growing evidence suggests that oxidative stress, inflammation, changes in glutamatergic pathways and neurotrophins play important roles in many psychiatric illnesses including mood disorders, schizophrenia and addiction. These novel insights into pathophysiology allow new treatment targets to be explored. Minocycline is an antibiotic that can modulate glutamate-induced excitotoxicity, and has antioxidant, anti-inflammatory and neuroprotective effects. Given that these mechanisms overlap with the newly understood pathophysiological pathways, minocycline has potential as an adjunctive treatment in psychiatry. To date there have been promising clinical indications that minocycline may be a useful treatment in psychiatry, albeit from small trials most of which were not placebo controlled. Case reports of individuals with schizophrenia, psychotic symptoms and bipolar depression have shown serendipitous benefits of minocycline treatment on psychiatric symptoms. Minocycline has been trialled in open-label or small randomized controlled trials in psychiatry. Results vary, with findings supporting use in schizophrenia, but showing less benefit for nicotine dependence and obsessive-compulsive disorder. Given the limited data from rigorous clinical trials, further research is required. However, taken together, the current evidence suggests minocycline may be a promising novel therapy in psychiatry. © 2012 Springer International Publishing AG. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The effect of isotretinoin administration on anxiety and depression scores in patients with acne vulgaris; Background and Design: In this study, we aimed to determine whether isotretinoin, used in the treatment of acne vulgaris, causes depression and anxiety symptoms by evaluating its effect on depression and anxiety scale scores. Materials and Methods: Eighty-nine acne vulgaris patients (F/M: 60/29, age range: 16-36 years), who had attended the outpatient clinic of the Department of Dermatology at Haseki Education and Research Hospital between 2007 and 2009, were enrolled in the study. The clinical severity of acne vulgaris was between grade 4 and grade 8 according to Allen-Smith Scale. All patients were unresponsive to several previously applied topical acne preparations or systemic antibiotics treatments and had indication for isotretinoin use. The Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale was administered to all patients twice; before and at the end of 16-week treatment. Results: There was no significant difference between pre- and post-treatment anxiety and depression frequency and scores in patients treated with isotretinoin (p>0.05). Conclusion: The findings of the present study do not support the presence of association between isotretinoin and depression. ER  - 
Irritable bowel syndrome - Irritable bowel or Irritable mind?; Irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) is one of the most common disorders of gastrointestinal tract, affecting significant number of western population. The characteristic features are chronic and(or) recurrent abdominal pain and discomfort associated with changes in the bowel habit with or without bloating. According to Rome Criteria III there is an improved focus on the intestinal transit time which allows for better diagnosis and characterization of patients either with diarrhea, constipation predominant or mixed type IBS. Patients with IBS also frequently manifest various symptoms related to central nervous system (CNS) as depression or personality disorders. In this review we present current knowledge concerning etiopathogenesis of IBS with emphasis on the role of microbiota and describe promissing profilatic and treatment modalities with anti-biotics and probiotics capable to modulate microbiota and gut-brain axis. Most recent studies concerning clinical efficacy of antibiotic rifaximin and probiotic strain Lactobacillus plantarum 299v in symptom prevention (reduction) of this common gastrointestinal disorder are briefly described. ER  - 
Dopamine, PUFAs, and brain function in major depression; Background: Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) appear to have efficacy in treatment of depressive disorders. This antidepressant effect may involve dopaminergic functioning, which in rat models is profoundly affected by omega-3 deficiency. Less is known about PUFA-dopamine relationships in humans. One marker for dopaminergic functioning is plasma prolactin, since dopamine and prolactin operate in a homeostatic feedback loop. We examined plasma PUFA and prolactin levels in major depression. Methods: Medication-free adults in a major depressive episode (n=29) had psychiatric assessments; plasma levels of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), arachidonic acid (AA), and prolactin were measured. Plasma phospholipid levels as a percentage of total phospholipids (DHA%, EPA%, AA%), were entered separately as independent variables into a regression model with plasma prolactin levels as the outcome measure. Age, sex, smoking status, depression severity, and suicide attempter status were tested as covariates. Results: Prolactin levels correlated negatively with DHA% (F=16.8, R2=0.38, p<0.001) and EPA% (F=5.0, R2=0.16, p=0.034) but not AA% (F=0.061, R2=0.002, p=0.806); and positively with the AA/DHA ratio (F=14.9, R2=0.36, p=0.001). There were no effects of age, sex, smoking, depression severity, or suicide attempt history. Conclusions: Low omega-3 PUFAs were strongly associated with elevated prolactin in major depression. An explanatory model is hypothesized involving PUFA regulation of the dopaminergic system and how dysregulation may contribute to depression pathophysiology. (Graph Presented). ER  - 
Evidence for a role of arachidonic acid in bipolar disorders and its treatment; Background: The cause and treatment of bipolar disorder (BD) are uncertain. Inheritance appears polygenic, with evidence of neurotransmission imbalance and disease progression. Patients often take multiple agents with incomplete efficacy. The “arachidonic acid (AA) cascade” hypothesis may explain actions of mood stabilizers and antidepressants in BD, and disease mechanisms. Methods: To test this hypothesis, we examined brain fatty acid kinetics and enzyme expression in rats treated chronically with mood stabilizers or antidepressants. Results: Chronic lithium, carbamazepine, valproate, or lamotrigine in rats downregulated AA turnover in brain phospholipids, prostaglandin E2 formation, and expression of AA cascade enzymes, including cytosolic phospholipase A2, cyclooxygenase-2 and/or AA-preferring acyl-CoA synthetase. Changes were selective for AA, since docosahexaenoic or palmitic acid metabolism was unaffected, and topiramate, ineffective in BD, did not modify brain AA metabolism. Downregulation of the AA cascade by the mood stabilizers corresponded to inhibition of AA neurotransmission via dopaminergic D2 or glutamatergic NMDA receptors. Unlike the mood stabilizers, antidepressants reported to increase switching of bipolar depression to mania upregulated the rat brain AA cascade. Conclusions: Observations suggest that the brain AA cascade is a common target of mood stabilizers, and that bipolar symptoms, particularly mania, are associated with an upregulated cascade and AA signaling via D2 and NMDA receptors. This suggestion agrees with evidence that expression of AA metabolizing enzymes and neuroinflammation/excitotoxicity markers are upregulated, while synaptic markers are downregulated, in postmortem BD frontal cortex; and that chronic aspirin reduced morbidity in patients taking lithium. ER  - 
Effects of celecoxib on prostanoid biosynthesis and circulating angiogenesis proteins in familial adenomatous polyposis; Vascular cyclooxygenase (COX)-2-dependent prostacyclin (PGI2) may affect angiogenesis by preventing endothelial activation and platelet release of angiogenic factors present in platelet α-granules. Thus, a profound inhibition of COX-2-dependent PGI2 might be associated with changes in circulating markers of angiogenesis. We aimed to address this issue by performing a clinical study with celecoxib in familial adenomatous polyposis (FAP). In nine patients with FAP and healthy controls, pair-matched for gender and age, we compared systemic biosynthesis of PGI2, thromboxane (TX) A2, and prostaglandin (PG) E2, assessing their urinary enzymatic metabolites, 2,3-dinor-6-keto PGF1α (PGI-M), 11-dehydro-TXB2 (TX-M), and 11-α-hydroxy-9,15-dioxo-2,3,4,5- tetranor-prostane-1,20-dioic acid (PGE-M), respectively. The impact of celecoxib (400 mg b.i.d. for 7 days) on prostanoid biosynthesis and 14 circulating biomarkers of angiogenesis was evaluated in FAP. Intestinal tumorigenesis was associated with enhanced urinary TX-M levels, but unaffected by celecoxib, suggesting the involvement of a COX-1-dependent pathway, presumably from platelets. This was supported by the finding that in cocultures of a human colon adenocarcinoma cell line (HT-29) and platelets enhanced TXA2 generation was almost completely inhibited by pretreatment of platelets with aspirin, a preferential inhibitor of COX-1. In FAP, celecoxib profoundly suppressed PGE2 and PGI2 biosynthesis that was associated with a significant increase in circulating levels of most proangiogenesis proteins but also the antiangiogenic tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinase 2. Urinary PGI-M, but not PGE-M, was negatively correlated with circulating levels of fibroblast growth factor 2 and angiogenin. In conclusion, inhibition of tumor COX-2-dependent PGE2 by celecoxib may reduce tumor progression. However, the coincident depression of vascular PGI2, in a context of enhanced TXA2 biosynthesis, may modulate the attendant angiogenesis, contributing to variability in the chemopreventive efficacy of COX-2 inhibitors such as celecoxib. Copyright © 2012 by The American Society for Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics. ER  - 
Evaluation of ankylosing spondylitis quality of life questionnaire: Responsiveness of a new patient-reported outcome measure; Objective: To determine the responsiveness and minimal important change (MIC) of Evaluation of Ankylosing Spondylitis Quality of Life (EASi-QoL), a reliable and valid patient-reported measure of AS-specific quality of life with four domains: physical function (PF), disease activity (DA), emotional well-being (EWB) and social participation (SP). Methods: A total of 1000 UK AS patients received a postal questionnaire including EASi-QoL. Comparative responsiveness of EASi-QoL was assessed against measures reflecting similar health domains in patients self-reporting an improvement in their AS-specific health at 6 months on a health transition question. Effect size (ES) statistics were calculated for all measures and MIC was determined for EASi-QoL. Comparative responsiveness was determined in a randomized trial of AS patients receiving etanercept (ETN) 50 mg weekly or SSZ 3 g daily. Results: Of 470 patients, 80 responding at 6 months reported health improvement. Responsiveness (ES) for EASi-QoL domains was superior or similar to comparator measures: DA 0.72 vs BASDAI 0.58; SP 0.52 vs SF-36 social functioning 0.29; PF 0.32 vs BASFI 0.28 and SF-36 PF 0.24; EWB 0.40 vs HADS-anxiety 0.13, HADS-depression 0.21 and SF-36 mental health 0.35. ES for the ASQoL was 0.40. Superior ES was seen in those improving somewhat. In the randomized trial, all EASi-QoL domains had superior responsiveness to comparator measures following ETN treatment. Following SSZ treatment, all EASi-QoL domains were highly responsive, but BASDAI and BASFI was more responsive than EASi-QoL(DA) and (PF), respectively. Conclusion: In patients reporting improvement during routine clinical practice or following treatment with ETN or SSZ, EASi-QoL domains have superior or comparable responsiveness than comparable measures. © The Author 2011. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the British Society for Rheumatology. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Effect of caffeic acid on depressive rats induced by chronic mild unpredictable stress; OBJECTIVE: To observe effect of caffeic acid on depressive behavior in rats induced by chronic mild unpredictable stress. METHODS: Depressive model in rats was established by chronic mild unpredictable stress depression for 21 d. After that, caffeic acid 10, 30 and 50 mg·kg-1 were ig given in rats, for 21 d. Open-field test was used to evaluate the latent time, and the condition of rearing and crossing. Percentage of immobility (PI) was confirmed by forced swimming test in rats. Superoxide dismutase (SOD) activity and malondialdehyde (MDA) content in hippocampus were determined to preliminary the antiexpressive mechanism of caffeic acid. RESULTS: Compared with normal control group, latent time obviously increased, crossing time and rearing time in rats significantly decreased in model group, and the duration of immobility in rats significantly increased. Compared with model group, caffeic acid 10 -50 mg·kg-1 obviously declined the latent time (P <0.05), and lifted the crossing time (P <0.01), however it could not change rearing time. PI significantly decreased in caffeic acid 10, 30 and 50 mg·kg -1 groups, they were (16.0 ± 2.1)%, (10.3 ± 2.9)% and (7.3 ± 2.6)%, respectively. Compared with normal control group, SOD activity increased and MDA content significantly decreased in model group(P < 0.01). Compared with model group, caffeic acid obviously increased SOD (1.50, 2.46 and 2.59 times to model group(r =0.915, P <0.01) and decreased MDA(18.64%, 11.37% and 6.35% of model group, P < 0.01) in dose-dependent manner(r = 0.982, P <0.01). Effect of caffeic acid was similar to sertraline 5 mg · kg-1. CONCLUSION: Caffeic acid should have an effect on depressive rats induced by chronic mild unpredictable stress. ER  - 
Depression and risk factors in patients with Crohn's disease; Purpose: This study was conducted to determine the risk factors among patients with depression with Crohn's disease. Methods: Data were collected by questionnaire from 276 patients who were diagnosed with Crohn's disease at a tertiary hospital located in Seoul. Measurements included patients' demographic characteristics, clinical characteristics, depression level, and health-related quality of life. Data were analyzed using t-test, X2-test, Wilcoxon rank sum test, and logistic regression analyses. Results: The incidence rate of depression (BDI-II≥14scores) was 31.9% (n=88). Univariate analysis revealed that being a woman, school graduation status, economic status (low), BMI(<18.5Kg/m2), disease duration (≥3 years), CDAI (≥150 scores), frequency of hospital admission (≥2), extra-intestinal manifestation (arthralgia, stomatitis), administration of 5-aminosalicylic acid, and disease related quality of life (SIBDQ<50 scores) were associated with depression. Multivariate analysis revealed that economic status (low), school graduation status, and quality of life (SIBDQ<50 scores) were more likely to report high level of depression. Conclusion: Future research should consider managing depression as an essential component of comprehensive care for patients with Crohn's disease. In addition, further research is needed to develop strategies to better improve quality of life among patients with Crohn's disease who are depressed. © 2012 Korean Society of Nursing Science. ER  - 
Pharmacophore modeling of delta and MU receptors and synthesis of enkephalines with D-[Leu]5 C-terminal modification as delta selective agonists; Opioid analgesics are most commonly used analgesics in the treatment of chronic and severe pain. However these opioid analgesic compounds pose side effects such as respiratory depression psychological dependence etc. δ agonistic activity is associated with analgesic activity where as μ agonistic activity is associated with side effects. Hence, the aim in research community is to develop selective δ receptor agonists. In this study, ligand based 3D pharmacophore model was developed for δ and μ opioid receptor. A virtual screening protocol was used to identify high δ selective agonists from a database of about 300,000 compounds from which δ receptor agonists were identified. The hits obtained were further screened for μ receptor model and the common hits were discarded. The virtual screening of data base identified the enkephalin-D-Leu peptidomimetics analogues to be highly δ selective agonist. The penta peptide agonists were synthesized by solid phase peptide synthesis and tested for δ and μ receptor agonistic activity by mouse vas deference (MVD) and guinea pig ileum (GPI) bioassay. The hits identified were highly selective to the δ opioid receptor with a selectivity ratio of 3,500 to 15,000. These compounds have exhibited a significant analgesic in-vivo activity in hot plate and acetic acid writhing models, had no effect on locomotor activity. We hypothesize that, a ligand satisfying hydrophobic feature and hydrogen bond donor at address part will have high δ opioid receptor agonistic activity whereas ligands having hydrogen bond acceptor will bind preferentially to μ opioid receptor. ER  - 
Patient satisfaction with injection devices: A randomized controlled study comparing two different etanercept delivery systems in moderate to severe psoriasis; Background There is limited information regarding the acceptability of injection devices for biological agents. Objectives The primary objective of the study was to investigate patients' perceptions on the acceptability of two devices delivering etanercept. The secondary objectives of the study were to explore whether patients' attributes are associated with preferences. Methods This was a multicentre, open-label, randomized, parallel-design study. Adult patients with psoriasis were randomized to receive etanercept 50 mg twice-weekly subcutaneously for 12 weeks, either as a pre-filled syringe or as a pre-filled pen. The primary outcome was the patient satisfaction at week 12 with the injection device, as measured on a 0-10-point Likert scale. The study was powered to demonstrate non-inferiority of a pen over a syringe for the primary endpoint. Results A total of 421 patients were randomized. Mean patient satisfaction at week 12 was 8.9 (±1.9) points in the pen group and 7.6 (±2.6) points in the syringe group. There was a statistically significant advantage for the pen compared with the syringe. Multiple correspondence analysis showed that very satisfied patients were the oldest and had had psoriasis for a longer duration, while less satisfied patients were the most anxious and depressed. PASI 75 response was achieved by 61% of patients in the pen group and 57% in the syringe group at week 12. Conclusions This study showed higher patient satisfaction when injecting etanercept with a pen compared with a syringe. Factors associated with lower satisfaction are younger age, anxiety and depression. © 2011 The Authors. ER  - 
Red blood cell fatty acids are associated with depression in a case-control study of adolescents; Introduction: Epidemiological studies suggest that reduced intakes and/or blood levels of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) are associated with increased risk for depression in adults, but data on adolescents are scarce. The objective of this study was to determine whether red blood cell (RBC) levels of EPA+DHA (the omega-3 index) and/or the overall RBC fatty acid profile differ between depressed adolescents (cases) and non-depressed adolescents (controls). Patients and Methods: We measured the RBC fatty acid composition of cases admitted to the hospital for depression (n=150) and compared it to that of controls (n=161). Results: Cases and controls had similar ages, gender proportions, and body mass index (BMI) distributions, but there was a significant difference in racial/ethnic composition due to differences in recruitment sites. The unadjusted odds ratio for case status was 0.72 (95% CI; 0.55-0.95) for a 1% absolute increase in the omega-3 index. A multivariable logistic regression model was used to determine which fatty acids were useful in classifying cases and controls; BMI, age, gender, and race/ethnicity were forced into the model. Seven fatty acids were selected (DHA, myristic, stearic, oleic, trans linoleic, trans palmitoleic, and alpha-linolenic acids) to optimize the model fit to the data. In the adjusted model, the odds ratio was 0.67 (95% CI; 0.49-0.93) for a 1 SD increase in DHA. Adding the seven fatty acid profile to the basic model increased the area under the ROC curve by 12.6% (7.5%-17.6%). Discussion and Conclusion: These findings support the hypothesis that adolescent depression is associated with a perturbed RBC fatty acid pattern which includes a reduced omega-3 index. Intervention studies with EPA and DHA should be conducted in this vulnerable population for which few, safe therapeutic options currently exist. © 2012 Elsevier Ltd. ER  - 
Antibiotic use preceding initiation of oral isotretinoin; Background: The use of isotretinoin is reserved due to its teratogenic effects and reported association with depression and suicide. Isotretinoin has also been tied to inflammatory bowel disease. In consideration of adverse effects (AE) and medicallegal risks, clinicians seem to exhaust other treatment modalities prior to initiating isotretinoin. Objective: The purpose of this descriptive study was to examine use of previous oral antibiotic (OA) regimens, patient attributes, and OA side effects among patients treated for acne with isotretinoin in an academic dermatology practice setting. Methods: Medical charts were reviewed from 200 patients treated with isotretinoin by the Saint Louis University Department of Dermatology (SLUDerm) between 2005- 2010. Results: 55% of subjects were female; 81.5% were white, 10% were black. 66.5% were between ages 14-25 years. 92% of patients reported improvement with isotretinoin. 55.5% of patients had recently been or were currently treated with OA upon presentation to SLUDerm, and 52.3% of these patients were treated again with OA before isotretinoin initiation. 73% of patients with no previous OA exposure were treated with OA by SLUDerm before isotretinoin (P <.001). 35.8% of all patients prescribed OA before isotretinoin by SLUDerm received ≥2 OAs. 75% of patients treated with ≥2 OAs were female. 20% of patients prescribed OA reported an AE: GI upset/gastric reflux (43%), vertigo/headache (21%), rash (18%). 45% of patients receiving ≥2OAs had an AE versus 6% of patients prescribed 1OA. Leading OA choices: minocycline (43%), doxycycline (25%), and trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole (16%). The logistic regression model describing the association between prior OA use and direct start on isotretinoin revealed an OR of 2.5 (95% CI, 1.3-4.6). Gender was observed as an independent predictor of direct start on isotretinoin, OR: 2.4 (95% CI, 1.4-4.4). Males were 2.4 times more likely to receive direct start isotretinoin, while adjusting for age, prior OA use and ethnicity. Limitations: Small sample size, single site, retrospective design. Conclusion: Practitioners often postpone using a medicine that has a higher likelihood of success, especially in females. It is more likely for a female to be treated with ≥2 OA before isotretinoin initiation. Females are less often started directly on isotretinoin for acne. OA also carry a risk of side effects, some serious. ER  - 
Subacute cutaneous lupus erythematosus exacerbated by golimumab; Background: Subacute cutaneous lupus erythematosus (SCLE) is characterized by photodistributed, nonscarring, annular or papulosquamous lesions. SCLE patients usually have elevated anti-Ro/SS-A antibodies. Roughly 15% to 20% of patients with new-onset SCLE are associated with the ''recent'' introduction of a drug. The clinical, histopathologic, and serologic features of patients with drug-induced SCLE (DISCLE) do not differ from those seen in patients with idiopathic disease. DI-SCLE has been reported with etanercept, adalimumab and infliximab, but to our knowledge golimumab has not previously been implicated. Observation: A 66-year-old woman with a history of rheumatoid arthritis, hypertension, anxiety/depression, Parkinsonism, and symptoms suggestive of Sjögren syndrome was referred for evaluation of a 1-month history of a pruritic, burning rash on her extremities and upper trunk. This began approximately 2 to 3 weeks after receiving a golimumab injection subcutaneously for rheumatoid arthritis. She denied receiving other new medications during the preceding 3 months. She had a history of hydrochlorothiazide-induced SCLE 16 months prior that resolved upon discontinuation of this medication. Physical examination revealed erythematous, annular, scaly plaques present in a photodistribution on the arms, upper back, upper chest, and legs. A skin biopsy demonstrated scattered dyskeratotic keratinocytes, thickened basement membrane zone, and vacuolar interface dermatitis with associated superficial and mid-dermal lymphohistiocytic perivascular inflammatory infiltrate. Increased dermal mucin deposition was noted on colloidal iron staining. Pertinent laboratory findings included a positive ANA, elevated anti-Ro/SS-A antibody level, and elevated anti-La/SS-B antibody level. She was diagnosed with SCLE and treated with prednisone 40 mg daily tapered over 5 to 6 weeks, hydroxychloroquine 400 mg daily, desonide lotion, and photoprotection. Her disease has shown only partial resolution despite this regimen and discontinuation of golimumab. Comment: Our case suggests that golimumab should be added to the growing list of medications capable of inducing or exacerbating SCLE. Furthermore, the fact that our patient previously experienced hydrochlorothiazide-induced disease suggests that these offending medications are exacerbating an underlying predisposition to develop SCLE. ER  - 
Alitretinoin: The Scottish experience; Alitretinoin (9-cis retinoic acid) is the first systemic agent licensed to treat severe chronic hand eczema (CHE). The Scottish Medicines Consortium approved its use in February 2009, without the additional dermatology life quality index restrictions or ''stopping rules'' that were introduced later in guidance for prescribing in England and Wales. The aim of the study was to audit the use of alitretinoin in Scotland. All departments across the country were invited to record their experiences in a webbased retrospective questionnaire. One hundred completed patient records were available for analysis. The mean age was 51.7 years (range, 23-82 years). The main indication for alitretinoin was CHE (93%). Seven patients with alternative diagnoses were treated, including psoriasis (5), discoid eczema (1), and pompholyx eczema (1). Sixty-six patients had been patch-tested, with positive reactions in 43. Almost all patients had been treated with potent topical steroids (95%) and over half (57%) had been treated with phototherapy. Baseline bloods were checked in all patients: mean total cholesterol was 5.28 mmol/L and triglycerides 1.92 mmol/L. During treatment, elevated total cholesterol was noted in 33 patients, and raised triglycerides in 27 patients. Alitretinoin was felt to be responsible for around 60% of the lipid abnormalities. Six patients developed raised liver enzymes and two developed raised thyroid-stimulating hormone. Six patients described low mood; one of whom who had a documented background history of depression, and one patient with a history of bipolar affective disorder. In the total 100 patients analyzed, the response was described as either ''clear or almost clear'' in 49%, and improvement to mild or moderate was noted in 24%. Twenty-two percent of patients experienced no improvement. Thirty-eight patients had concomitant treatment, including 25 who had topical steroids and emollients; 4 who had oral steroids; 2 who had azathioprine; and 2 who received cyclosporin. This ongoing audit suggests that alitretinoin is being used in an appropriate manner in Scotland, with nearly half of all patients analyzed achieving either clear or almost clear hands. The therapy appears to be well-tolerated. It is unsurprisingly associated with lipid abnormalities. It may be useful to develop local protocols for the initiating and monitoring of this drug as we continue to develop experience and familiarity in using it in the United Kingdom. ER  - 
Trigeminal trophic syndrome complicating a case of borderline tuberculoid leprosy; Trigeminal trophic syndrome (TTS) is a rare entity in which nasal ulceration occurs following sensory impairment in the trigeminal area. A 60-year-old man presented with persistent, asymptomatic ulcer over the right ala nasi for the past 1 month. The patient was a clinicohistopathologically diagnosed case of borderline tuberculoid leprosy on multibacillary multidrug therapy for the last 5 months. Three months back he started having paraesthesias over the right side of his nose and cheek. He indulged in self-picking at the nose because of the paraesthesias, which subsequently resulted in ulceration on the right side of nose. He denied any history of topical applications. Examination revealed a sickle-shaped, well defined, ulcer measuring 2 × 2.5 cm present over the right ala nasi with some extension on to the philtrum. Neurologic examination revealed decreased level of pain and thermal perception over the ophthalmic and maxillary divisions of the trigeminal area, as well as a diminution of corneal reflex. Biopsy revealed nonspecific changes. Antinuclear antibody (ANA) assay by indirect immunofluorescence and antineutrophilic cytoplasmic antibody (ANCA) test, and VDRL done on serum were negative. To rule out dermatitis artefacta, a psychiatry opinion was obtained according to which he was not suffering from anxiety and/or depression. Patient was followed-up every week with provision of protective gloves, topical antibiotics, and normal saline bandaging of the ulcer at each visit. The ulcer healed completely over a period of 2 months with a remnant scar In TTS, majority of the ulcers occur following destruction of the Gasserian ganglion after alcohol injection for trigeminal neuralgia or rhizotomy. Other neurologic associations include vertebrobasilar insufficiency, acoustic neuroma, and syringobulbia. Trigeminal nerve is probably the second most common cranial nerve to get involved in leprosy. To our knowledge, there is a single report in which Thomas et al described a case of selfinflicted nasal ala ulceration as a result of trigeminal nerve involvement in a case of leprosy. The management of trigeminal trophic syndrome is often difficult. Treatment comprises antidepressants and antipsychotics. Occlusive dressings and protective gloves can reduce trauma of the affected area. ER  - 
Correction of morphea en coup de sabre with hyaluronic acid filler; Background: Morphea en coup de sabre can produce permanent, disfiguring induration and depression over the affected area, leading patients to seek cosmetic improvement. Surgical repair has been a commonly employed method for correction, with narrow lesions treated with simple excision and primary closure. Wider lesions may require extensive reconstruction with a variety of flaps and/or use of implants or autologous dermal fat or bone transplantation. Because of the invasive nature of these procedures, the use of filler substances has generated interest as a treatment modality. Recent techniques have included injection of an allograft tissue matrix or autologous dermal fat or tissue cocktail injections.We present two cases of morphea en coup de sabre corrected with hyaluronic acid dermal filler. To our knowledge this is the first such report in the English literature. Methods: Two patients were referred for evaluation of morphea en coup de sabre. They each had stable, burnt-out disease and a depressed, linear plaque extending from the glabella to the frontal hairline. After review of available treatment options, hyaluronic acid filler injection was selected. The first patient, a Hispanic woman, was filled with 0.6 mL of JuvédermUltra. Patient two was a 25-year-old white woman with a>10-year histology of linear morphea. Her lesion was corrected with a total of 1 mL of Restylane-L. Injections were performed starting at the hairline and proceeding distally, using small volumes of hyaluronic acid (0.25 to 0.5 mL at a time) injected in the superficial to mid-dermis as the needle was withdrawn to minimize the risk of cutaneous necrosis. There were no complications of the procedure. Contour deformity was well corrected in both patients with good patient satisfaction. Patient 1 was seen in follow-up 6 months after injection and has maintained full correction. Conclusion: Hyaluronic acid dermal fillers have long been used for soft tissue augmentation. Attractive features of this filler material include low immunogenicity, ease of administration, and reversibility. In the case of morphea en coup de sabre, the use of hyaluronic acid is a simple, minimally invasive procedure that can provide contour restoration. It is a faster, less invasive treatment option compared with other commonly employed procedures. In the two cases presented here, correction was performed with no adverse effects and excellent patient satisfaction. ER  - 
“Doc, i want to die”: The ethical dilemma of a patient's right to refuse life-saving treatment due to a death wish; Case: A 64 year-old recently widowed man presented with fever, weight loss and abdominal pain. CT scan revealed multiple liver abscesses. Infectious Disease thought that drainage and antibiotics would be curative and that no treatment would be fatal. The patient initially consented to drain placement but later refused further drain manipulation, antibiotics and antidepressants stating, “I have nothing to live for” and “I want to die. ” Psychiatry evaluation revealed that he had a long history of depression and refusal of medical and psychiatric treatment. Multiple discussions took place over two weeks between the patient and his primary team, Palliative Care, and Psychiatry. All providers agreed that he expressed a clear choice and understood the risks of his decision. Yet, there were conflicting opinions regarding his decision-making capacity. Some providers were deeply disturbed by the patient's irrational choice and felt that his depression and passive suicidal ideation rendered him incapable of making decisions. Others felt that the patient retained valid internal reasoning as evidenced by his clear and consistent thought process. The ethics committee deliberated and deferred the capacity determination to the primary team who felt the patient retained capacity. The patient opted for comfort care, antibiotics were discontinued, and the patient was transferred to an inpatient hospice unit. Discussion: This case highlights the dilemma between the ethical principles of beneficence and honoring patients' autonomy to refuse treatment-in this case, for a curable and otherwise fatal condition in the setting of depression and a wish to die. A diagnosis of depression is not sufficient to render someone incapable of decision making. To have capacity, patients must demonstrate reasoning as defined as consistency of choice and the ability to weigh the risks, benefits and consequences of decisions. Disagreement arises over whether the determination of intact reasoning should be based upon a patient's internal values and worldview or whether the external rationality of the patient's decision in the context of societal norms should also be considered. Although the patient in this case made a choice that is considered highly irrational by many, it was determined that he demonstrated intact reasoning and the capacity to refuse treatment. ER  - 
Quality of hospice care for patients with Dementia; Background: Patients with dementia comprise an increasing percentage of hospice recipients; yet research on the quality of hospice care for patients with dementia is lacking. We used data from the 2007 National Hospice and Home Care Survey (NHHCS) to compare quality of care in dementia patients to all other hospice patients. Methods: The 2007 NHHCS is a nationally-representative sample of 4, 733 U. S. hospice discharges. Data were collected through inperson interviews with agency directors and staff and patient medical records. A current primary diagnosis of dementia was defined as ICD-9 codes: 290. 0, 290. 42, 294. 8, 294. 9, 331. 0, 331. 11, 331. 4, 331. 82, and 331. 9. Quality indicators were compared between patients with and without dementia. These include: transfer to hospice in the last 3 days of life, tube feeding, depression, absence of an advanced directive or do not resuscitate (DNR) order, stage II or greater pressure ulcers, use of emergent care, antibiotic receipt, continuity of residence and pain reported at last assessment. All estimates were weighted to account for the survey's complex sampling design. Chi-square and Student's t-tests were used for comparisons, and statistical significance was defined as p<0. 05. Results:Dementia patients accounted for 11% of all hospice discharges. Mean age was 85 years (standard deviation 0. 6 years), 62% were female and 82% were Caucasian. Dementia patients were significantly more likely to receive tube-feeding (11% vs. 4%) Dementia patients were significantly more likely to receive tube-feeding (11% vs. 4%), have a DNR order (89% vs. 80%) and have greater continuity of residence (90% vs. 83%) compared to other hospice patients. Dementia patients were significantly less likely to have a report of pain at last assessment (20% vs. 31%) or have a hospice stay of three days or less (15% vs. 22%). No other significant differences in care quality indicators were observed. Sixteen percent of dementia patients had stage II or greater pressure ulcers, 26% received antibiotics in the last 7 days of hospice care and 6%had documented depression. Conclusions: We observed several differences in quality indicators between patients with dementia and other hospice recipients. These data provide an initial measure of quality of care for hospice recipients with dementia. ER  - 
Experimental treatments in bipolar disorder; More than other disorders, Bipolar disorder (BD) is subject to frequent use of experimental therapies. The main reasons are that: Either there is no, or we don't understand yet, a clear-cut neurobiology in BD which can be specifically targeted by a design medication. Traditionally, and starting with lithium, the usefulness of almost all BD medication was discovered accidentally or they were first used in other indications. Yet treatment outcomes, especially in bipolar depression and long term recovery, are still unsatisfactory and new approaches are needed In mania, experimental treatments include the use of atypical antipsychotics as clozapine, zotepine or amisulpride, which were not subjected to pivotal licensing studies, and thus are off-licence, but where we have reasonable trust that they work. More experimental studies target second messenger pathways with calcium antagonists or more specifically PK-C , e.g. with tamoxifen, as a new neurobiology-based approach In bipolar depression, only one medication (quetiapine) is specifically licensed in this indication; thus, any other treatment (mood stabilizer, antidepressants) is strictly speaking experimental. Newer approaches include experimental use of atypicals with some similarities to quetiapine, e.g.. asenapine, and targeting the glutamaergic-gabaergic system, e.g. by using N-acetyl-cysteine, D-cycloserine or NMDA-and mGlu receptor mixed antagonists. In prophylactic treatment, there is again a frequent off-label use of antidepressants and some antipsychotics, based on observations that short term efficacy often predicts also long term efficacy. More truly experimental and targeting a presumed neurobiology is, again, the use of calcium antagonists, N-acetyl cysteine, or 3 fatty acids. There are also specific symptoms as cognitive decline over time which is experimentally treated with substances lowering homocysteine, e.g. B-vitamine complex and folic acid, or antioxidants as vitamin C. Besides psychopharmacological treatment, there is also work ongoing to apply physical treatments useful in unipolar depression as VNS, DBS or rTMS in BD, and the same is true for different psychological techniques , but with often conflicting results. ER  - 
N-palmitoylethanolamide treatment exhibits antidepressant effects in a mouse model of anxiety/depressive like behavior; Palmitoylethanolamide (PEA) is a member of fatty-acid ethanolamide family. This endocannabinoids is an endogenous neuromodulator with a broad spectrum of pharmacological properties, including analgesic, anti-inflammatory, anticonvulsant and antiproliferative effects. The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of PEA (5,10 mg/kg, i.p.) in the neural development in the adult hippocampus and the behavioral changes in a depressive-like state. The antidepressant-like effect of PEA was evaluated by using a mouse model of anxiety/depressive-like behavior induced by chronic corticosterone treatment. 129 Sv/Ev mice were administered corticosterone for 7 wk, and behavioral tests as novelty-suppressed feeding, open field, forced swim were performed. Cell proliferation in hippocampal dentate gyrus (DG) was investigated by 5-bromo-2- deoxyuridine and doublecortin immunohistochemistry techniques. Golgi- impregnated method was used to evaluate the changes of dendritic spines in DG neurons. The depressive-like state caused by corticosterone treatment was reversed by exogenous administration of PEA for 3 wk; the proliferation of progenitor cells was reduced under chronic corticosterone treatment, whereas treatment with PEA prevented the corticosterone-induced reduction in hippocampal cell proliferation. Corticosterone-treated mice exhibited a reduced spine density, which was ameliorated by PEA administration. These findings suggest that PEA may play an important role in the near future in the treatment of depression. ER  - 
Microglia attenuate the opioid-induced depression of preBötzinger Complex (preBötC) inspiratory rhythm in vitro via a TLR4-independent pathway; Opioids activate neurons via opioid receptors (Rs) but also activate microglia via toll like receptors (TLR). Activation of microglial TLR4 impairs the ability of opioids to suppress pain and is hypothesized as pivotal in opioid-mediated reward and tolerance. Here we test the contribution of microglia and TLR4 to the opioid-induced respiratory depression. Using rhythmic medullary slices from neonatal rats we compared the duration of apneas evoked by locally injecting DAMGO (μ-opiate R agonist; 50μM) into the preBötC before and after 40 min incubation in minocycline (inhibits microglial activation, 500 nM). Minocycline increased the duration of DAMGO-evoked apnea 9.3±4.7-fold from 33±7 to 295±76 s (n=3). In time-matched controls, the second DAMGO-evoked apnea was only 0.5±0.4-fold greater than the first. The TLR4 antagonist LPS-RS (90sec; 2000 ng/mL) had no effect on the frequency (f) depression evoked by DAMGO in the preBötC. Similarly, bath application of (+) naloxone (10μM; TLR4selective antagonist) had no effect on the f depression evoked by DAMGO (500nM) or fentanyl (1μM) in the bath. In contrast, (-) naloxone (500nM; TLR4 and μ-opioid antagonist) reversed the depression. These data suggest that microglia attenuate the opioid-induced respiratory depression via a mechanism that does not involve TLR4 activation. ER  - 
Study of plasma omega-3 fatty acids in patients with depressive disorder; Background: It has been hypothesized that there may be depletion of plasma omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, particularly eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid in depression. Aims: To study plasma omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids in depressed subjects and normal controls. Method: Plasma omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acid levels of 30 depressive patients and 30 healthy matched control subjects were measured. Result: There was no signifcant difference in plasma omega-3 fatty acid levels between the study group and control group. The plasma omega-6 fatty acid levels of the study group were signifcantly less than that of the control group. Conclusion: The present study is an initial attempt to investigate the link between omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids in patients of depression in a clinical setting of a tertiary care hospital in India. This comparative study with normal controls did not etiologically link these polyunsaturated fatty acids in this sample of depressive disorder. We conclude, however, that research efforts must continue in our country by large and well designed comparative study taking into consideration all confounding variables to investigate if rates of depression vary within India between populations consuming diets with high or low omega-3 fatty acids. ER  - 
Respiratory consequences of chemical warfare agents; Objective: To review the respiratory consequences of chemical warfare agents. Discussion: Chemical warfare agents (CWA) are weapons that work principally through toxicity, causing death, permanent harm or temporary incapacitation. They are classified into six groups: 1. Nerve agents: sarin, soman, sabun and VX. 2. Vesicants: sulfur mustard (SM) and lewisite. 3. Choking or respiratory agents: chlorine and phosgene. 4. Blood agents: cyanide. 5. Psychotropic agents: quinuclidinyl-benzilate. 6. Non-lethal agents including riot controllers e.g. tear gases. Chlorine and SM were largely used during World War I. SM, tabun and sarin were widely applied during the Iraq-Iran war in 1983-88.1 They have induced a lot of morbidity and mortality, mostly due to pulmonary consequences. However, their mechanisms of toxicity are different and thus the respiratory complications are varied. Nerve agents: the nerve agents (NA) are extremely potent organophosphorus compound cholinesterase inhibitors, and are the most toxic of the known chemical weapons.2 The main effects of NA include cholinergic (muscarinic and nicotinic) syndromes and CNS toxicity. However, respiratory tract is the most affected organ, either as a result of the neurotoxic effects inducing pulmonary oedema, respiratory depression and even respiratory muscle paralysis due to the intermediate syndrome. The Iraqi army used tabun in Majnoon Island (1984) and sarin in Halabjah (1988) which induced a lot of morbidity and mortality due to respiratory failure.2,3 Sarin was also used in terrorist attacks in Matsomoto (1994) and in the Tokyo metro (1995) with high respiratory involvement as rhinotracheobronchitis, respiratory depression, pulmonary oedema leading to death in a few patients.3 Antimuscarinic (atropine) and antinicotinic (oximes) are well known antidotes for OP compounds and have been used for more than six decades, but their therapeutic effects are controversial.4 Sulfur mustard: SM is an alkylating agent that initially reacts with ocular, respiratory and cutaneous tissues resulting in acute poisoning and even death. Acute toxic effects of SM appear after variable periods of latency (minutes to weeks) depending on the dose, mode of exposure, environmental temperature, and on the individual. The most targeted organ is the lungs with several pathologies, ranging from acute bronchitis to bronchopneumonia, ARDS and even pulmonary emboli, which induce mortality particularly in the second week after SM exposure.5 Delayed toxic effects of SM in Iranian veterans 16 - 20 years after SM exposure were found in the lungs, peripheral nervous system, immune system, skin and eyes,6 which are different from the early toxic effects7. The late respiratory complications were chronic bronchitis, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, bronchiectasis, asthma, large airway narrowing, and pulmonary fibrosis.6,7 Immunosuppression has been a main problem for the moderate to severely SM poisoned patients since their exposure which has caused recurrent infections and even mortality.6-8 We have observed delayed complications on the upper respiratory tract, even with malignancies.8,9 Lewisite: This arsenical vesicant (2-chlorovinyldichloroarsine) was developed during World War I, but was not used. Lewisite toxicity is similar to that of SM, resulting in dermal and mucous membrane damage with conjunctivitis, airway injury, and vesiculation, but less secondary infection. Its specific known antidote is British anti- Lewisite.1 Pulmonary agents: Although both pulmonary agents (chlorine and phosgene) were not used in large scale after World War I (WWI), the risk of exposure remains because of their extensive use in industry, or possibly as a terrorist weapon. When released on the battlefield, chlorine forms a yellow-green cloud with a distinct pungent odour detectable at levels that are not immediately dangerous. Phosgene is either colourless or seen as a white cloud as a result of atmospheric hydrolysis. Both chlorine and phosgene produce injury by hydrolysis to hydrochloric acid in the lungs. Battlefield exposure induces cough, chest discomfort, dyspnoea, lacrimation, and asphyxiation. Acute tracheobronchitis, bronchopneumonia and pulmonary oedema may develop causing respiratory failure and death. Prolonged observation after phosgene exposure is the rule, as some casualties had initially appeared well and had been discharged, but unfortunately returned in severe respiratory distress a few hours later during WWI. The average estimated recovery time was 60 days for chlorine and 45.5 days for phosgene. There is no known effective antidote for chlorine, but N-acetyl cysteine was described as an antidote for phosgene.1 Respiratory consequences of the other CWA agents are not prominent to be described here. Conclusion: Respiratory system is the target organ for most CWA particularly chlorine, phosgene, SM and Lewisite. Delayed respiratory complications of SM have been major health problems for the veterans of WWI and the Iraq-Iran war. ER  - 
Easily available highly poisonous drain cleaners: Three case reports of ingestion; Objective: Drain cleaners are usually strongly alkaline or strongly acidic corrosive solutions. Ingestion of corrosives can lead to extensive damage to the gastrointestinal tract and serious systemic features that may lead to death. Late complications may include stricture formation, gastric outlet obstruction and oesophageal carcinoma. We present 3 cases of serious drain cleaner ingestions which happened within a short period of time. Case series: Patient 1, a 37 year old male, presented at the emergency department (ED) 20 minutes after ingesting 1 - 2 sips of a drain cleaner ( > 90% sulphuric acid) in a suicide attempt. He was intubated and received standard supportive care in the intensive care unit (ICU) but went into cardiac arrest and died 6 hours after the ingestion. Patient 2, a 39 year old male, presented at ED shortly after he was given a drink in a party contaminated with a drain cleaner (96% sulphuric acid). He was intubated and received steroids, antibiotics and standard supportive care in ICU. He was discharged from hospital after 2 weeks but developed oesophageal strictures, severe depression, anxiety and sleeping problems. Patient 3, a 66 year old male, grabbed a bottle of drain cleaner (30% sodium hydroxide) in a hardware store and drank in a suicide attempt. He presented to ED within half an hour of the ingestion. He was intubated and admitted to ICU. He had episodes of atrial fibrillation, repeated pneumonia, pulmonary collapse and respiratory failure and died 7 weeks later. Conclusion: Corrosive drain cleaners are easily accessible and highly poisonous solutions where one sip can kill. Treatment is very difficult and requires expensive care in ICU and the survivors may suffer from lifelong complications. The first case got extensive media coverage which raises the question whether the resemblance of the cases that happened within a short period of time was a coincidence. These cases highlight a fatal mode of self-poisoning and malicious intentional poisoning that might be controlled through restriction of sales and limitations of access. ER  - 
Acute poisoning with a lethal dose of cupric sulfate: Atypical presentation; Objective: Copper sulfate is still widely used as a fungicide. Acute copper sulfate poisonings are comparatively rare. They are usually accidental after unintentional intake of an aqueous solution, containing cupric sulfate with vague clinical signs, mainly from the gastrointestinal system. Intentional intake may cause severe poisonings as a result of the strong oxidative and corrosive properties of copper sulfate. Case report: We present a suicidal poisoning with 60 grams cupric sulfate, dry crystalline substance, in a 47 year old woman with long lasting depression. She was hospitalized 4 hours later with symptoms of toxic gastroenteritis - multiple vomiting and diarrhea. Hemolytic syndrome developed gradually on day 3, reaching its maximal intensity on days 4 - 5. Clinical presentation included dizziness, icterus, dark red-brown urine and corresponding laboratory abnormalities - free hemoglobin 65 milligram% ( ≤ 2 milligram%), indirect bilirubin 220.7 micromol/L (3.4 - 21.0), hemoglobin 65 grams/L (120 - 160), erythrocytes 2.2 T/L (4.2 - 5.4). Gastroscopy revealed only mild irritant lesions. Diuresis remained adequate to fluids during the entire poisoning until recovery. Treatment included: decontamination of the gastrointestinal tract, IV infusions up to 4 L/24 hours, steroids, diuretics, H2 blockers, antibiotics, transfusion of erythrocytes and fresh frozen plasma. No antidote was used for managing this potentially lethal poisoning as such was not available in the country at that time. Gradually the patient's condition stabilized. Towards the end of the hospital stay we observed non significant elevation of liver enzymes - AST 97 U/L ( < 31) and ALT 122 U/L ( < 34). On day 10 post ingestion the subject was discharged healthy. Conclusion: In the course of this severe poisoning the following peculiarities were observed: 1) Late onset of hemolytic syndrome (3 - 4 days post ingestion); 2) Normal renal function without any signs of acute renal failure (renal function was closely monitored during course of poisoning; 3) Only mild irritant lesions of the gastrointestinal tract; 4) Favorable outcome after severe intoxication with a lethal dose of copper sulfate, despite lack of antidote treatment. We consider the use of large volumes of infusions and diuretics for prevention of renal failure, as well as steroids and substitution with bio-products as an adequate model of therapeutic measures in case of lack of antidotes. ER  - 
Severe intentional pentobarbital poisoning; Objectives: This case report is a presentation of a rare case of severe intentional pentobarbital poisoning. Pentobarbital is a quickly absorbable, shorter-acting barbiturate. Case report: A 48-year-old male attempted suicide by consuming porridge sprinkled with a handful of pentobarbital. The pentobarbital was pure raw material for drug manufacturing purposes. The patient was currently healthy, with a history of hypertension and mild depression, but active and working in the pharmaceutical industry. Fifteen minutes after the ingestion he became increasingly disorientated and unconscious. On arrival of medical assistance the patient had impaired respiration, GCS 3 and was cyanotic. Immediate intubation at home was necessary. Subsequent intensive care unit admission data were: BP 96/67 mmHg (mean±arterial pressure 77 mmHg), HR 95 min-1, T(rectal) 35.4 C, miotic pupils reacting to light, serum-ethanol 63 mmol/L, lactate 2.2 mmol/L. The ECG showed sinus rhythm and normal ST-segment. Two hours after the drug ingestion gastric lavage was performed followed by instillation of activated charcoal (50 g at two hours and six hours). Urine-quicktests showed positive drugscreen for barbiturate only. The following days the patient stayed comatose, in a hypertensive state (BP 215/96 mmHg (mean arterial pressure 136 mmHg), HR 97 min-1 ), T(rectal) 39.0 C, pupils were miotic. Two seizure episodes were effectively treated (IV clonazepam 0.5 mg). CT-cerebrum, arterial blood gas, and x-ray (thorax) were all normal. Aspiration pneumonia was suspected (elevated CRP and Haemophilus Influenzae findings in tracheal secrete) and antibiotics (cefuroxime 1500 mg x3/day, metronidazole 500 mg x3/day) were initiated. Labetalol 10 mg p.n. and clonidine 50 microgram x3/day were initiated to treat the hypertension. Intravenous propofol (120 mg/h) was administered from day - 3, as concomitant intake of sympathomimetics was suspected due to continued hypertension and hyperthermia. All parameters normalised on day - 4, and the patient was extubated. He admitted ingesting significant amounts of pentobarbital concomitant with alcohol, and explained that he used pentobarbital at home for ant control. Conclusion: Severe pentobarbital poisoning is infrequent as access to the drug is rarely possible for non-professionals. Pentobarbital is approved in Denmark for euthanasia of animals only. Serum-pentobarbital concentration determination was unfortunately unavailable. The hypertension observed day 2 - 5 was possibly an untreated pre-existing condition, but the seizures could not be explained from the pentobarbital ingestion. Anamnesis and the fast onset of severe systemic toxic reactions supported the signifi- cant pentobarbital ingestion. ER  - 
Nitrergic transmission in the spinal cord; Objectives: Nitric oxide (NO) is one of the transmitter and modulator at vascular smooth muscle. Recently, transmitter/modulator role of NO in the central nervous system has been reported. The role of NO in spinal synaptic transmission has been examined to understand the modulation of various neurotransmitters. Methods: The in vitro spinal cord preparation from the neonatal rat spinal (5-7 d old) was used. The spinal cords were sagitally hemisected and dorsal evoked ventral root potentials were recorded. According to the latency, monosynaptic (MSR) and polysynaptic (PSR) reflex potentials can be recorded in the corresponding segmental ventral root. Using various agonists and antagonists the NO transmission was examined. Also nitrite was estimated from the spinal cords. Results: Superfusion of 3-nitropropionic acid (3-NPA) or scorpion (Mesobuthus tamulus; BT) venom depressed the MSR and PSR in a concentration and a time dependent manner. 3-NPA- or BT-venom induced depression of reflexes was blocked by nitric oxide synthase inhibitor (L-NAME) and the depression was absent in the presence of hemoglobin (NO quencher). Further, G-cyclase inhibitor, methylene blue blocked the 3-NPA-or BT venom-induced depression of spinal reflexes. The nitrite (indicator of NO) content was increased in spinal cords exposed to 3-NPA and the increase was absent in L-NAME pretreated cords. However no such changes were seen in BT venom treated cords. The 3- NPA or BT venom-induced depression involves GABAergic and glycineregic transmission. Conclusions: Thus, No generated by 3-NPA or BT venom depress the spinal reflexes. The NO modulates the GABA/glycine transmission to produce synaptic depression in the spinal cord (supported from the grants from ICMR and CSIR). ER  - 
Role of ascorbic acid in cardiovascular performance during acute hemorrhage in anesthetized rats; OBJECTIVES: Acute hemorrhage is associated with a decrease in cardiac function and contractility, increase in heart rate and fall in blood pressure. Decreased myocardial function and contractility have been shown to be caused by generation of free radicals in the ischemic myocardium. These toxic effects can be significantly attenuated by pretreatment of animals with superoxide dismutase and catalase, suggesting the involvement of free radicals in the depression of cardiovascular function. In the present study, the role of ascorbic acid as a free radical scavenger in protection from the deleterious effects of excess blood loss was examined. METHODS: The study was conducted on healthy anesthetized Wistar rats of either sex weighing between 250-300 g. After anaesthetizing rats with urethane (1g/kg), trachea was cannulated and rats were ventilated with room air (mean tidal volume=5 ± 1 ml/kg), using a small animal respirator. Catheterisation was done to measure arterial blood pressure, left ventricular pressure, cardiac contractility and heart rate. All parameters were recorded on a polygraph. Hemorrhage was induced by withdrawing 40% of estimated total blood (7% of body weight) volume in steps of 10% each at 10 min intervals. Arterial blood samples were withdrawn at each step for malondialdehyde (MDA) estimation. After inducing 40% hemorrhage, ascorbic acid was given as a bolus injection (70 mg / kg) in one group whereas; the other group received a continuous slow infusion of ascorbic acid (15 mg / min for an hour). After treatment, all the above-mentioned cardiovascular parameters were recorded and MDA estimation was done at 1, 15, 30, 45 and 60 min in both the groups. RESULTS: A fall in all the cardiovascular parameters was observed on hemorrhage. MDA rose from the basal level of 2.56 ± 0.7 nmol / dl to 3.3 ± 1.0 nmol / dl (p<0.05). Immediately after treatment, MDA level fell to 0.76 ± 0.03 nmol / min. This transient rise in MDA level observed at 40% blood loss suggests involvement of free radicals in the pathogenesis of the consequences of hemorrhage. Administration of ascorbic acid resulted in the recovery of hemodynamic parameters, which were adversely influenced by the induction of hemorrhage. CONCLUSION: Our results demonstrate the involvement of oxidants in hemorrhageinduced cardiovascular depression and cardioprotection by ascorbic acid, an antioxidant. The restoration of cardiovascular parameters towards normalcy by ascorbic acid was largely due to its antioxidant activity with a smaller contribution by the auto regulatory compensatory mechanisms. ER  - 
The effect of matricaria camomilla (MC) on primary dysmenorrhea; Introduction: Primary dysmenorrhea in women is one of the most common disorders that can cause numerous problems in their personal and social life. Chamomile essential oil is one of the most important medicinal plants which have antispasmodic properties. With regard to the high prevalence of dysmenorrhea the present study seeks to determine the effects of MC on Primary Dysmenorrhea. Materials and Methods: We study three researches. Articles were collected from reliable various medical sites. Results: In a clinical trial study by Modaress et al (2011) a comparison of capsule mefenamic acid and MC on primary dysmenorrhea in Tehran University in the mean score of pain was found in both groups menstrual pain was reduced after two cycles of treatment but this was a significant decrease in MC (p<0.001). In a experimental studies and randomized intervention by Jenabi et al (2009) as the effect of chamomile tea on improving primary dysmenorrhea in Tuyserkan Azad University pain and anxiety after one month Consumption of tea compared to the control group was significant (p<0.001). In a clinical study by Yazdani et al (2002) as compared to drops of chamomile, fennel and controlled without medication in the treatment of dysmenorrhea and premenstrual syndrome in fars students, a significant decrease was in symptom severity between cycles control with the use of fennel and chamomile in the pelvic and abdominal pain, fatigue and depression (p<0.05). Conclusion: The results showed that consumption of capsules or drops or tea of chamomile can effectively reduce pain in primary dysmenorrheal. ER  - 
Minocycline and aspirin in the treatment of bipolar depression: A protocol for a proof-of-concept, randomised, doubleblind, placebo-controlled, 232 clinical trial; Introduction: New medication classes are needed to improve treatment effectiveness in the depressed phase of bipolar disorder (BD). Extant evidence suggests that BD is characterised by neural changes such as dendritic remodelling and glial and neuronal cell loss. These changes have been hypothesised to result from chronic inflammation. The principal aims of the proposed research is to evaluate the antidepressant efficacy in bipolar depression of minocycline, a drug with neuroprotective and immune-modulating properties, and of aspirin, at doses expected to selectively inhibit cyclooxygenase 1 (COX-1). Methods and analysis: 120 outpatients between 18 and 55 years of age, who meet DSM-IV-TR criteria for BD (type I or II) and for a current major depressive episode will be recruited to take part in a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group, proof-of-concept clinical trial following a 2×2 design. As adjuncts to existing treatment, subjects will be randomised to receive one of the four treatment combinations: placebo-minocycline plus placeboaspirin, active-minocycline plus placebo-aspirin, placebo-minocycline plus active-aspirin or activeminocycline plus active-aspirin. The dose of minocycline and aspirin is 100 mg twice daily and 81 mg twice daily, respectively. Antidepressant response will be evaluated by assessing changes in the MontgomeryeAsberg Depression Rating Scale scores between baseline and the end of the 6-week trial. As secondary outcome measures, the antiinflammatory effects of minocycline and aspirin will be tested by measuring pre-treatment and post-treatment levels of C reactive protein and inflammatory cytokines. Ethics and dissemination: Minocycline has been widely used as an antibiotic in doses up to 400 mg/ day. Low-dose aspirin has been safely used on a worldwide scale for its role as an antithrombotic and thrombolytic. The study progress will be overseen by a Data, Safety and Monitoring Board, which will meet once every 6 months. Results of the study will be published in peer-reviewed publications. ER  - 
Erwinia amylovora expresses fast and simultaneously hrp/dsp virulence genes during flower infection on apple trees; Background: Pathogen entry through host blossoms is the predominant infection pathway of the Gram-negative bacterium Erwinia amylovora leading to manifestation of the disease fire blight. Like in other economically important plant pathogens, E. amylovora pathogenicity depends on a type III secretion system encoded by hrp genes. However, timing and transcriptional order of hrp gene expression during flower infections are unknown. Methodology/Principal Findings: Using quantitative real-time PCR analyses, we addressed the questions of how fast, strong and uniform key hrp virulence genes and the effector dspA/E are expressed when bacteria enter flowers provided with the full defense mechanism of the apple plant. In non-invasive bacterial inoculations of apple flowers still attached to the tree, E. amylovora activated expression of key type III secretion genes in a narrow time window, mounting in a single expression peak of all investigated hrp/dspA/E genes around 24-48 h post inoculation (hpi). This single expression peak coincided with a single depression in the plant PR-1 expression at 24 hpi indicating transient manipulation of the salicylic acid pathway as one target of E. amylovora type III effectors. Expression of hrp/dspA/E genes was highly correlated to expression of the regulator hrpL and relative transcript abundances followed the ratio: hrpA>hrpN>hrpL>dspA/E. Acidic conditions (pH 4) in flower infections led to reduced virulence/effector gene expression without the typical expression peak observed under natural conditions (pH 7). Conclusion/Significance: The simultaneous expression of hrpL, hrpA, hrpN, and the effector dspA/E during early floral infection indicates that speed and immediate effector transmission is important for successful plant invasion. When this delicate balance is disturbed, e.g., by acidic pH during infection, virulence gene expression is reduced, thus partly explaining the efficacy of acidification in fire blight control on a molecular level. © 2012 Pester et al. ER  - 
Electro interstitial scan system: Assessment of 10 years of research and development; Background: Ten years of research and development have allowed an understanding of how the electro interstitial scan (EIS) works and what its clinical applications may be. Materials and methods: The EIS is a galvanic skin response device. The measurements are performed by electrical stimulation of the post sympathetic cholinergic fiber with weak DC current and voltage 1.28V applied during 2 minutes and in bipolar mode. Current scientific knowledge: EIS electrical measurements are related to: (1) the concentration of free chloride ions in the interstitial fluid, which affects the transfer of electrical current and the ratio intensity/voltage; (2) the morphology of the interstitial fluid, which is related to the electrical dispersion calculated from the Cole equation (α parameter); (3) electrical stimulation, which causes a change in sweat rate at the passive electrodes - post sympathetic cholinergic fiber electrical stimulation appears to be responsible for activating M2 receptors, which regulate nitric oxide (NO) production in the endothelial cell and cause vasodilation and a released sweat response; and (4) the electrochemical redox reactions (electrolysis) of the released sweat on electrodes, which are different on the bulk of the metal electrodes (O2 + [4H+] + [4e-]) and on the Ag/AgCl disposable electrodes (AgCl precipitation). Results: For each of the EIS clinical results, various explanations were posited, such as: (1) electrical stimulation of the postsympathetic cholinergic fiber-activating NO production in the endothelial cell, which causes vasodilation and a released sweat response (diabetes detection); (2) estimation of interstitial fluid's acid-base balance, which is reflected in an electrochemical reaction on the bulk of the electrodes through the released sweat (prostate cancer detection); (3) estimation of cerebral interstitial fluid chloride ions (detection of ADHD in children); and (4) estimation of the morphology of the interstitial fluid (selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor treatment response). Conclusion: After 10 years of development, the analysis of current scientific knowledge and results of clinical investigations have allowed a better understanding of EIS electrical measurements. © 2012 Maarek, publisher and licensee Dove Medical Press Ltd. ER  - 
Lipoic acid attenuates high-fat-diet-induced oxidative stress and B-cell-related immune depression; Objective: This study investigated whether spleen oxidative stress induced by a high-fat diet (HFD) influences the expression of genes involved in B-cell activation, thus leading to B-cell-related immunosuppression. Methods: Male C57BL/6 mice were randomly assigned to one of three groups with eight mice in each group. The control group consumed an ordinary diet (4.9% fat, w/w). The other two groups were fed an HFD (21.2% fat) and an HFD plus 0.1% lipoic acid (LA). After 10 wk, plasma and spleen oxidative stress biomarkers including superoxide dismutase, catalase, glutathione peroxidase, total antioxidant capacity, reduced glutathione/oxidized glutathione ratio, and malondialdehyde were examined. The B-cell-related immune function was evaluated by examining the number of B cells, and the apoptotic percentages of splenic lymphocytes were determined by flow cytometry. Furthermore, the B-cell activation and reactive oxygen species scavenger-related genes differentially expressed between mice fed an HFD and those fed an HFD supplemented with LA were identified through complementary DNA microarray. Results: The HFD induced marked decreases in the number of B cells and significantly increased the apoptotic percentages of splenic lymphocytes, accompanied by oxidative stress and increased oxidative damage, in the plasma and spleen. In addition, complementary DNA array analysis results showed that the HFD induced the decreased expression of genes associated with antioxidant defense, such as superoxide dismutase-3 (1.5-fold), metallothionein-1 (3.03-fold), glutathione peroxidase-5 (17.15-fold), and peroxiredoxin-4 (1.5), and B-cell activation, such as immunoglobulin heavy chain 6 (2.46-fold), immunoglobulin κ-chain (1.74-fold), Fc receptor (1.41-fold), and RAS-related C3 botulinum substrate-1 (7.46). The LA supplement prevented the buildup of oxidative stress and upregulated related gene expressions. Conclusion: These results indicate a role for LA as a possible effective supplement with an HFD to prevent the development of oxidative stress and to attenuate B-cell damnification by increasing the gene expression of the B-cell receptor signaling pathway. © 2012 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Biological understanding of the cardiovascular risk associated with major depression and panic disorder is important; Introduction. Panic disorder (PD) and major depressive disorders (MDD) are serious mental disorders but the mechanisms underlying the pathophysiology are poorly understood. Nitric oxide (NO) is a gas considered to play an important role in mediating anxiety and stress response and is synthesised from nitric oxide synthase (NOS). The endothelial isoform (eNOS) has been found also in platelets. Homocysteine (Hcy) is an amino acid which naturally occurs in the human body. Elevated levels are linked to increased risk of cardiovascular, neurological and psychiatric diseases. In this study we aimed to evaluate NO, platelet aggregation and Hcy levels in PD and MDD patients. Materials and methods. Nineteen PD and 18 MDD patients participated in this study. NO levels were measured spectrophotometrically, platelet aggregation levels were measured in an aggregometer and Hcy levels were measured by HPLC. Results. NO levels were significantly lower in patients with MDD and PD than in control subjects (P < 0.05). Hcy and platelet aggregation levels were significantly higher in patients with MDD and PD than in control subjects (P < 0.05). Conclusion. Further more detailed studies are needed to find out the effects of drugs on these parameters or to disclose the exact mechanism underlying the alteration of these parameters. © 2012 Informa Healthcare. ER  - 
Effects of peripherally restricted κ opioid receptor agonists on pain-related stimulation and depression of behavior in rats; κ Opioid receptor agonists that do not readily cross the bloodbrain barrier are peripherally restricted and distribute poorly to the central nervous system after systemic administration. Peripherally restricted κ agonists have promise as candidate analgesics, because they may produce antinociception mediated by peripheral κ receptors more potently than they produce undesirable sedative and psychotomimetic effects mediated by central κ receptors. The present study used assays of painrelated stimulation and depression of behavior in rats to compare effects of 1) two peripherally restricted κ agonists [the tetrapeptide D-Phe-D-Phe-D-Ile-D-Arg-NH 2 (ffir) and the nonpeptidic compound ((R,S)-N-[2-(N-methyl-3,4- dichlorophenylacetamido)- 2-(3-carboxyphenyl)-ethyl]pyrrolidine hydrochloride (ICI204448)], 2) a centrally penetrating κ agonist (salvinorin A), and 3) several reference drugs, including a nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drug (NSAID; ketoprofen). Intraperitoneal injection of dilute lactic acid served as a noxious stimulus to stimulate a stretching response and depress intracranial self-stimulation (ICSS) maintained by the delivery of electrical brain stimulation to the medial forebrain bundle. Acid-stimulated stretching was blocked by ketoprofen, the peripherally restricted κ agonists, and salvinorin A. However, acid-induced depression of ICSS was blocked only by ketoprofen. The peripherally restricted κagonists had little effect, and salvinorin A exacerbated acid-induced depression of ICSS. These results suggest that peripherally restricted κ agonists may be safer than centrally penetrating κ agonists but less efficacious than NSAIDS or μ opioid receptor agonists to block pain-related depression of behavior; however, the peripheral selectivity of ffir and ICI204448 is limited, and future studies with κ agonists capable of greater peripheral selectivity are warranted. ER  - 
Electroconvulsive therapy-induced migraine successfully treated with valproic acid; Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is mainly used for treating severe depression, mania, schizophrenia, and catatonia. Electroconvulsive therapy is usually without serious adverse effects. Headache is a common complaint after ECT but is usually mild and short lasting. Recurrent common migraine induced by ECT has been rarely reported. We report a patient with ECT-induced migraine successfully treated with valproic acid. Copyright © 2012 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Effects of a diet integration with an oily emulsion of DHA-phospholipids containing melatonin and tryptophan in elderly patients suffering from mild cognitive impairment; Age-related changes in nutritional status can play an important role in brain functioning. Specific nutrient deficiencies in the elderly may exacerbate pathological processes in the brain. Consequently, the potential of nutritional intervention to prevent or delay cognitive impairment and the development of dementia is an important topic. A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial has been performed in 25 elderly subjects (86 ± 6 years, 20 females, 5 males) with mild cognitive impairment (MCI). These subjects were randomly assigned to supplement their diet with either an oily emulsion of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)-phospholipids containing melatonin and tryptophan (11 subjects) or a placebo (14-matched subjects) for 12 weeks. The main aim of this study was to evaluate the efficacy of the dietary supplement on cognition, by the assessment at the start and after 12 weeks of: (1) Orientation and other cognitive functions: Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE); (2) Short-term memory: digit, verbal, and spatial span (digit span; verbal span; Corsi's test); (3) Long-term memory: Rey's auditory-verbal learning test; 'short story' test; Rey-Osterrieth complex figure (recall); (4) Attentional abilities: attentive matrices; (5) Executive functions: Weigl's sorting test; phonological fluency 'FAS'; (6) Visuo-constructional and visuo-spatial abilities: copy of simple drawings; Rey-Osterrieth complex figure (copy); (7) Language: semantic fluency; (8) Mood: Geriatric Depression Scale (GDS). Moreover, Sniffin' Sticks olfaction test and Mini Nutritional Assessment (MNA) have been performed. After 12 weeks, a significant treatment effect for the MMSE (P < 0.001) and a positive trend for the semantic verbal fluency was found in the supplement group (P < 0.06). A significant treatment effect was found out for the olfactory sensitivity assessment (P <0.009). As regards the nutrition evaluation, after 12 weeks of treatment the supplemented group showed an improvement in the MNA score with a significant difference relative to placebo (P < 0.005). Older adults with MCI had significant improvements in several measures of cognitive function when supplemented with an oily emulsion of DHA-phospholipids containing melatonin and tryptophan for 12 weeks, compared with the placebo. © W.S. Maney & Son Ltd 2012. ER  - 
A patient in whom treatment for coxiella burnetii infection ameliorated a depressive state and thoughts of impending death; We report a 46-year-old male infected with Coxiella burnetii, complaining of slight fever, general fatigue, and trouble sleeping. Minocycline therapy for 3 months relieved his symptoms, including a depressive state, resulting in thoughts of death. This case is the first report on post-Q fever fatigue syndrome associated with depression. © 2012 Japan International Cultural Exchange Foundation & Japan Health Sciences University. ER  - 
[Effective infliximab treatment for a recurrent type of acute intestinal graft-versus-host disease accompanied by steroid-induced depression].; A 22-year-old man with chronic active Epstein-Barr virus infection underwent allogeneic bone marrow transplantation (allo-BMT) from an HLA two allele-mismatched unrelated donor. Ten months after allo-BMT, he developed protein-losing enteropathy following a respiratory syncytial virus infection. A diagnosis of a recurrent type of acute graft-versus-host disease (GVHD) was made based on the histopathological findings, such as the infiltration of T lymphocytes into the superficial epithelium and crypts, and apoptotic bodies in crypts. Although methylprednisolone (mPSL: 10 mg/kg) administration for two consecutive days improved gastrointestinal symptoms, acute pancreatitis and severe depression developed in association with corticosteroid treatment. Reduction of mPSL and administration of infliximab (5 mg/kg/dose, 3 times) resulted in rapid improvement of depression and pancreatitis without aggravating intestinal GVHD. Recent studies have demonstrated that tumor-necrosis-factor (TNF)-α is associated with not only GVHD but also depression and acute pancreatitis. In the present case, anti-TNF-α treatment enabled us to reduce corticosteroid dose without aggravating GVHD, which suggests that this approach might be effective for the treatment of depression and acute pancreatitis. ER  - 
Functional polymorphism of cyclooxygenase-2 gene (G-765C) in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease patients; Cyclooxygenase two (COX-2) is an important enzyme metabolizing arachidonic acid. In contrast to constitutive cyclooxygenase one (COX-1), COX-2 is induced by proinflammatory factors. Polymorphism -765G/C in COX- 2-encoding gene promoter is associated with development of Alzheimer's disease, depression, carcinoma of the pancreas in smokers, breast cancer and rheumatoid arthritis. It is interesting whether the -765G/C polymorphism in COX-2- encoding gene promoter can be associated with COPD, a disease which is inflammatory in character. It is highly probable as the breast and pancreas cancers, whose associations with the analyzed polymorphism have been studied, are smoking-dependent tumors. Additionally, tobacco smoke has been demonstrated to induce COX-2 in the lungs. The study group consisted of 122COPDpatients (48 females, 74 males). The control group consisted of 149 healthy nonsmoking subjects (83 females, 66 males). Polymerase chain reaction/ restriction fragment length polymorphism was used for genotyping. A statistically significant difference in genotype distribution was observed as a result of the comparison between healthy subjects and patients with COPD. The distribution of alleles in both groups conformed with Hardy- Weinberg equilibrium. In the group of COPD patients, GG allele was found in 79 subjects,GCin 36, and CC in 7 subjects (F = 0.094, P = 0.296927); in the control group, 73 subjects had GG allele, 68-GC and 8-CC (F = 0.12728, P = 0.120265). The allele frequency revealed differences between those groups, attaining the level of statistical significance (χ2 = 29.043, df = 2, P = 0.0000. The carriers of -765G allele are at 1.53-fold higher risk of developing COPD. The presence of GG genotype does not increase significantly the risk of the disease. It is also noteworthy that the carriers of CC or GC genotypes are at significantly lower risk of developing COPD than the group of subjects with GG genotype. © Springer Science+Business Media B.V. 2011. ER  - 
The history and future of probenecid; Probenecid was initially developed with the goal of reducing the renal excretion of antibiotics, specifically penicillin. It is still used for its uricosuric properties in the treatment in gout, but its clinical relevance has sharply fallen and is rarely used today for either. Interestingly, throughout the last 60 years, there have been a host of apparently unrelated studies using probenecid in the clinical and basic research arena, including its potential use in the diagnosis and treatment of depression and its use to prevent fura-2 leakage in calcium transient studies. Recently, it has been shown that it is also an agonist of the Transient Receptor Potential Vanilloid 2 channel. Due to its unique action and new findings implicating TRPV channels in physiology and in disease, probenecid may have a new future as a research tool, and perhaps as a clinical agent in the neurology and cardiology fields. We review the history of probenecid in this paper and its potential future uses. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2011. ER  - 
Translation-based, novel interventions for geriatric depression: A report by the weill-cornell acisr; Earlier, we proposed that the brain metabolic changes mediating the late-life depression may result from three interacting causes: 1) Aging (aging-related inflammatory responses) or disease (vascular)-related factors; 2) Frontolimbic abnormalities serving as predisposing factors; and 3) biological responses to chronic experience of stress. We used this model as a guide for studies aiming to clarify contributors to late-life depression with the explicit goal to develop targeted interventions. For this reason, among biological abnormalities likely to characterize geriatric depression, our studies focus on those sustaining its symptoms. Dr. Gunning will report on the relationship of task-related activation of emotional and cognitive control systems and the expression and persistence of late-life depression. Further, she will present novel findings on relationships among structural indices of brain aging, activation of control systems, and the expression of depressive symptoms and antidepressant response. Dr. Alexopoulos will present findings on functional connectivity at rest (FC). Reduced FC in the cognitive control network may distinguish depressed from normal elders and be associated with low remission rate, persisting apathy, and dysexecutive behavior. High FC at the “default network” may distinguish depressed from normal elders, be correlated with pessimism, but not influence the outcomes of depression. Based on these findings, we developed two experimental treatment strategies: 1. Dr. Morimoto will discuss neuroplasticity-based cognitive remediation aimed to optimize cognitive control functions, 2: The anti-inflammatory agent minocycline as an augmentation based on the assumption that aging-enhanced inflammatory responses contribute to resistance of late life depression to antidepressants. Dr. Kiosses will present findings on two novel psychosocial interventions aimed to reduce stress responses contributing to the depressive syndrome. The first, “Problem Adaptation Therapy” (PATH; conducted by Kiosses et al), integrates problem solving and environmental adaptation strategies intended for homebound depressed elders, who live under chronic distress because of their executive impairment. The second, “Ecosystem Focused Therapy” (EFT; conducted by Alexopoulos et al) is intended for patients with post-stroke depression who are exposed to acute distress because of a sudden disability and an upheaval in their support system. ER  - 
Treatment-resistant bipolar depression (TRBD): Definition and therapeutic strategies; Introduction: Depressive polarity has been neglected for a considerable time. Today much data supports the idea that depression (the major depressive relapses or the subdepressive chronic syndrome) worsens the long-term outcome of the bipolar disorders (even for type I) and impairs the patient's quality of life. Methods: We will overview the attempts to define Resistant- Treatment Bipolar Depression (TRBD). The Sach's definition of the unipolar treatment-resistant depression (resistance to two courses of antidepressant treatment) was extended by Gitlin et al. to mood-stabilisers. Yatham et al. preferred to limit the definition of the TRBD to lithium resistance. More recently, Pacchiarroti et al. proposed to define the TRBD as a six-week lithotherapy resistance or 6 week lamotrigine combined with an other moodstabiliser resistance, or a resistance to 600 mg of quetiapine treatment which has been administrated for at least 6 weeks. Discussion: According to the latest guidelines (CANMAT and ISBP) we will also discuss the therapeutic strategies (for acute and maintenance management) including: the association of moodstabilisers, the place of antidepressants (IRSS, IMAO, TCA), of antipsychotic drugs (first and second generation), of Electroconvulsivotherapy and of the novel therapeutics agents (such as bupropion, topiramate, eicosapentaenoic acid, riluzole, Nacetyl-cysteine, omega3-fatty-acids). ER  - 
An abdominal etiology for st elevation on EKG: Good heart but bad pancreas; Case Presentation: A 65-year-old Black woman with PMH of hypertension presented with 1 hour history of an acute onset of nausea, vomiting, epigastric discomfort, diaphoresis and dizziness. She denied any significant chest pain or shortness of breath. Denied any back pains. She vomited about four times before coming to ED. On exam, her BP was 70/24 with heart rate of 117. She was afebrile with sO2 92% on room air. She was alert, diaphoretic with cool skin. Her cardiac and respiratory exam was benign. She had mild epigastric tenderness with no peritoneal signs. No focal neurological deficits. A stat EKG done showed significant ST elevation in inferior leads. STEMI protocol was initiated and patient was life flighted to our hospital. She was given 3 liters of IV bolus fluids and aspirin on the way. She underwent emergent cardiac catheterization which revealed only trivial coronary artery disease without any need for intervention. She was transferred to Cardiac ICU and labs showed WBC of 23,000; Hb 12 gm/dl, Troponin <0.01 and lipase of 5600 with alkaline phosphatase of 246 and AST/ALT of 236/186. CT scan of abdomen done next day showed necrotizing pancreatitis of 50-70% of gland with minimal fluid collections, dilated thick walled gallbladder with stones suggestive of acute cholecystitis. The patient was treated with maintenance IV fluids and antibiotics were started after CT findings. The patient did not improve with these interventions, had a PEA arrest and had anoxic brain injury and eventually expired. Discussion: This case highlights the fact that ST elevations in inferior leads can have an abdominal etiology. Transient electrocardiographic changes in patients (Figure presented) with acute cholecystitis, pancreatitis, and pneumonia have been reported in the past. These changes usually are in the form of T-wave inversion, ST-segment depression, and rarely ST-segment elevation in the absence of coronary artery disease. With advances in cardiology and emphasis on doorto- balloon time, this patient actually had a coronary angiogram done before his lab results came back showing elevated lipase to suspect pancreatitis. Also, it is easier and faster to get a CT scan of abdomen in ED then to get lipase results back and many patients get CT scans on presentation when the pancreatitis changes might not have developed yet. Ideally CT scan should be done in 48-72 hours after symptom onset to assess the severity of the pancreatitis unless another acute pathology is suspected. Conclusions: It is important for hospitalists to be aware of this uncommon presentation of acute pancreatitis as ST elevation in inferior leads. This would prompt checking lipase levels in these patients and also resuscitate for pancreatitis while acute MI is being ruled out. Fortunately, thrombolytics have fallen out of favor now but administration of thrombolytic therapy in such patients where primary coronary intervention is still not available might end up with fatal consequences. ER  - 
It is not always sepsis; Case Presentation: A 47-year-old Caucasian male with a history of diabetes, hypertension and depression sustained a fall in the woods and had a fracture of the right ankle a week prior to admission. He had internal fixation of the ankle at another facility and was discharged on pentazocine, doxycycline, ondansetron and paroxetine. He started experiencing fever with chills, hallucinations and vomiting (Table presented) along with profuse sweating hours prior to admission. Vital signs showed temperature of 102.78F, blood pressure 156/40 mm Hg and heart rate 156 beats per minute. In addition, his pupils were dilated, he was confused, agitated and unable to follow commands. On examination, he had generalized rigidity, clonus and a swollen, erythematous right ankle with intact staples. Labs revealed leukocytosis with normal differential, hypernatremia, hyperkalemia with serum potassium of 5.7 mg/dl, serum creatinine of 2.2 mg/dl and creatinine kinase of 5055 IU/L. His liver function tests were normal. His drug profile and blood alcohol levels were negative. Along with an infected surgical site, a diagnosis of serotonin syndrome was made. He was intubated for airway protection and started on cyproheptadine along with antibiotics. His blood cultures were negative and MRI brain was normal. Within the next 24 hours his mental status, rigidity and autonomic signs improved. He underwent removal of the hardware during the hospital stay and the pathology of the bone was negative for osteomyelitis. Discussion: Serotonin syndrome is potentially a lifethreatening condition associated with increased serotonergic activity in the central nervous system and is solely diagnosed on clinical grounds. Excess serotonin produces a triad of cognitive, autonomic and somatic effects. Our patient had the triad of all these symptoms which improved within 24 hours of treatment. He was on a combination of medications like paroxetine, pentazocine and ondansetron, all of which inhibit serotonin reuptake at synaptic cleft. In this case, the presentation of serotonin syndrome was 5 days after discharge which may have been triggered or worsened by the medication combination. Conclusions: This case illustrates the importance of recognizing uncommon conditions like serotonin syndrome in a patient with a common presentation like sepsis. Also there are a variety of medications which can cause serotonin syndrome and care must be taken for early recognition and institution of treatment. ER  - 
Multiple pulmonary cavities: Why only in the right lung?; Case Presentation: A 51-year-old female with history of anxiety, depression, and tobacco abuse was admitted to the ICU due to severe respiratory distress, hypoxia, productive cough, fever and chills. Her symptoms began 8 days prior with a mild productive cough. It progressively worsened to a persistent cough with thick green sputum streaked with blood, associated with right sided pleuritic pain. The auscultation revealed crackles and coarse respiratory sounds (Figure presented) on the right lung. There was leukocytosis of 23.5k cells/lL. A chest CT scan revealed multiple cavitary lesions with areas of alveolar infiltration in the right lung (Figure 1). Patient was started on broad spectrum antibiotics. After 1 day of noninvasive positive pressure ventilation, adequate saturation was maintained. She was sent to the general medical floor where she persisted febrile for 10 days. The fact that the lesions were located only in the right lung called the attention of clinicians, pulmonologists and radiologists. An extensive work up was done to find the etiology. Blood cultures were negative as well as sputum samples for AFB. A transesophageal echocardiogram was negative for endocarditis. Fungal serologies and histoplasma urinary antigen were negative. A CT-guided biopsy of the most superficial cavitary lesion showed active inflammation but no organisms. A Bronchoscopy had been attempted initially but could not be completed due to inability to properly sedate the patient due to history of high dose psychotropic medications use. This latter piece of information brought forth further questioning which yielded that the patient increased her nightly quetiapine dose from 400 mg to 800 mg, feeling “sedated” in the morning and having difficulty awakening. It was discovered that patient always sleeps on her right side due to a severe and chronic lower back pain. Patient was discharged with a long course of antibiotics. Follow up showed significant clinical and radiologic improvement. Discussion: Multiple cavitary lung lesions represent a broad differential diagnosis. The fact that they were multiple (more than 10) and located only in the right lung made this case unique. After a very extensive and expensive work up, the most logical explanation was obtained through detailed history taking. This was a case of aspiration pneumonia in a heavily sedated patient who might not have protected her airway during her sleep and who always sleeps on her right side due to severe and chronic back pain. The confirmation of this hypothesis was done with clinical and radiologic improvement after a long course of antibiotics for aspiration pneumonia. Conclusions: A rare presentation of a common disease could be explained through a detailed history more than a very expensive laboratory work up or invasive procedures. ER  - 
“Georgia home boy” toxicity; Case Presentation: A 34-year-old Caucasian male was brought into the emergency room as he was found unresponsive. Patient received three doses of naloxone without any improvement. Patient had a temperature of 93.3 F, blood pressure of 135/59, heart rate of 48-52 beats per minute, respiratory rate of 6-8 breaths per minute, and an oxygen saturation of 98% on supplemental oxygen. His physical examination showed that he had a Glascow Coma Score of 3, bilateral inspiratory wheezing, a small and superficial laceration on the left temple/forehead area, pinpoint pupils that were unresponsive to light bilaterally, and a small amount of blood was found in his right ear. Patient was immediately intubated and supportive treatment was initiated. Blood tests showed an elevated white blood count (11.62 3 103 cells/lL). Complete metabolic panel was within normal limits. Serum cardiac enzymes, lactic acid, acetaminophen and salicylate levels were all negative. Computed tomography of the head was negative for any acute intracranial pathology. Chest X-ray was also negative. Urine drug screen showed positive for amphetamine, methamphetamine, and cocaine. Arterial blood gas was done while the patient was on supplemental oxygen and showed a pH of 7.286, pCO2 of 44.4 mmHg, and a pO2 of 226.7 mmHg. Electrocardiogram showed sinus bradycardia and several Osborn J waves. As patient's clinical signs and symptoms were not explained only by cocaine, amphetamine and methamphetamine use, family was contacted to get further information. Family claimed that the patient had been abusing a drug known as “Georgia home boy” or gamma-hydroxybutyrate (GHB). On serum tests, patient had a GHB level of 8300 mcg/mL-up to 6.6 mcg/mL may be normal. He recovered without any medical complications and was discharged home. Discussion: The illicit drug gamma-hydroxybutyrate or “GHB” (street names include: “Georgia Home Boy”, “Liquid Ecstasy”, “G”, “Liquid X”, and “Liquid G”) is not available on routine toxicology screens and its prevalence in the United States is unknown. Therefore, it is important for physicians to consider GHB as a possible intoxicant when a clinical scenario involves central nervous system (CNS) depression (especially nonreactive coma) with unclear etiology. In gammahydroxybutyrate (GHB) toxicity, a majority of patients are young males and present with coma (83%), bradycardia (38%), hypotension (6%) and hypothermia (48%). Clinical effects of GHB intoxication have a sudden onset of effect and an abrupt awakening with termination of the effect. Conclusions: We present this case report to fellow clinicians as an example of a presentation of GHB with co-intoxicants characterized by nonreactive coma, bradycardia and hypothermia. The authors hope that this report will help physicians add GHB intoxication to their differential diagnosis. More clinical data on confirmed GHB intoxication may lead medical centers to include GHB in initial toxicology screening. ER  - 
Exploration of biological circadian rhythms in a patient with autism and a loss-of-function mutation of melatonin receptor type i; Sleep disorders are frequently associated with Autism Spectrum Disorders (ASD), and are often a major concern for the patients and their families. Low melatonin levels have been reported in patients with ASD in several studies, and melatonin treatment could be efficient as a treatment for sleep disorders. In a previously published mutation screening of genes coding the melatonin receptors, we identified a mutation (I49N) in MTNR1A receptor in a male patient with high-functioning autism and depressive symptoms [1]. The patient displayed a delayed sleep phase syndrome (mean time of sleep onset determined by actimetry at 0:52). The mutation was inherited from the father and was not found in 362 controls. This amino acid change severely impaired melatonin binding in vitro. MTNR1A receptor is expressed in humans in the suprachiasmatic nucleus of the hypothalamus and could regulate melatonin synthesis by feedback. MTNR1A is also expressed in corticotropin-releasing hormone neurons and in the pituitary gland [2], and is thought to regulate cortisol secretion. In addition, MTNR1A is widely expressed in peripheral tissues. Here we have investigated the possible consequences of this MTNR1A mutation on the biological rhythms of the patient in vivo. The nyctohemeral cycles of melatonin and cortisol were assessed from saliva samples collected at 7 time points throughout the day, for 2 days. As a marker of peripheral rhythms, the transcriptional cycles of 2 clock genes, PER3 and BMAL2, were assessed after RNA extraction from saliva samples, collected at 4 time points throughout the day for 2 days. The results obtained for the patient carrying the MTNR1A mutation were compared with those obtained from the parents and the two unaffected brothers not carrying the mutation. The patient displayed an unusually long duration of melatonin secretion, with a marked increase of salivary melatonin starting around 8 pm (despite delayed sleep onset) and still detectable around 10 am (the usual duration of melatonin peak is 11-12h [3]). This could reflect a deficient feedback regulation of melatonin on its own secretion. However, this feature was not found in the father, also carrying the MTNR1A mutation. Considering cortisol secretion, the patient displayed high daytime cortisol levels, whithout a detectable peak in the morning. This could be the consequence of a deficient nyctohemeral regulation of cortisol secretion, and/or a feature associated with the depressive symptoms. In contrast, the father's cortisol profile was similar to that obtained for the mother carrying no MTNR1A mutation. Finally, regarding peripheral transcriptional rhythms of clock genes, no difference of phase or amplitude of variation was seen between the patient and his two brothers. Thus, circadian alterations could be observed in our patient with MTNR1A mutation, affecting melatonin and cortisol secretion, in addition to the clinical delayed sleep onset. However, his father, also carrying the mutation, did not seem to display any clinical or biological circadian disturbance. The impact of this heterozygote MTNR1A mutation may vary according to the presence of additional risk factors and/or compensatory mechanisms. Importantly, melatonin treatment was efficient in attenuating the patient's delayed sleep phase syndrome. ER  - 
Workshop: Immune activation and tryptophan metabolism in mood disorders (1) cytokines-kynurenines interaction in mood disorders: Biochemical aspect; Cytokines are the mediators of immune system which have pro- and anti-inflammatory effect. The pro-inflammatory type of cytokines at certain concentrations has negative impact on glial-neuron interaction. One of the mechanisms is through tryptophan degradation pathway, the kynurenine (KYN) pathway, which is composed of several metabolites. These metabolites have different actions on different receptors and neurotransmissions. The negative impact can finally result in depression and neurotoxic/degenerative changes if the elevation of pro-inflammatory cytokines and disturbances in KYN pathway continue chronically. This presentation will explain the mechanism by summarizing the results of the studies carried out in human in terms of biochemical, genetic and morphological changes related to pro-inflammatory cytokines and major depressive disorder. The above mentioned mechanism was studied in patients with major depressive disorder, interferon-a (IFNa) treated treated hepatitis-C patients, and post-mortem brain tissues of well characterized depressed patients. From studies on medication-naive and medication-free depressed patients, biochemical changes before and after antidepressant medication will be presented. From the genetic study on KYN related genes, the association with genetic aspect will be presented. From IFNa treated human study, gene-biochemical interaction related to KYN pathway will be presented. From postmortem study, the immunoreactivity of neurotoxic quinolinic acid in anterior cingulate cortex area and hippocampus area will be presented. In medication naive depressed patients, the serum kynurenic acid (KYNA) level and the ratio between KYNA and KYN (KYNA/KYN) were significantly lower compared to healthy controls. The 6-week antidepressant medication could not efficiently improve the biochemical disturbance. We could repeat this finding also in medicated depressed patients. It is also observed that in patients with major depression, Vit-B6, which is the co-factor of kynureninase and kynurenine aminotransferases are significantly lower in the serum compared to healthy controls. In patients with major depression, serum pro-inflammatory cytokines are high and are positively correlated with early life stress whereas in healthy controls, both pro- and anti-inflammatory cytokines are increased with early life stress. In patients with bipolar serum KYNA is lower than healthy controls but the significance disappeared when age and gender were controlled. In follow-up study in bipolar patients, serum KYNA was significantly lower in either depressive stated or maniac state compared to euthymic state. We observed similar trend of change also in the cerebrospinal fluid of mood disorder patients. The KYN metabolites play a role in the mechanism of depression associated with pro-inflammatory state. Those changes observed in the periphery might be associated with neurotoxic changes in the brain. Currently available antidepressants did not show satisfactory effect in terms of correction of KYN metabolites disturbances. Manipulation of KYN pathway could be a future therapeutic approach in treatment of major depressive disorder. ER  - 
Effect of different antidepressants and cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitor on tryptophan breakdown and cytokines after different immune challenges in astrocytes culture: A preliminary study; Immune activation induces pro-inflammatory state or cytokines which enhance the tryptophan (TRP) degradation into kynurenine (KYN). This KYN-pathway has been reported to be involved in pathophysiology of major depression (Myint et al., 2007) or depressive episodes after treatment with interferon- a (Wichers et al., 2005). It is hypothesized that increased TRP breakdown occur in the immune cells in the brain such as astrocytes and microglia and this induces decreased serotonin synthesis and in turn induces depression. Here, the effects of anti-inflammatory medication, cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) inhibitor, celecoxib and different antidepressants were investigated. The astrocytes from the 2-day old C57BL/6JRccHsd mice brains were cultured with and without LPS, PolyI:C, IFNc, antidepressants and anti-inflammatory celecoxib. TRP metabolites were analyzed using UPLC Tandam quadropole MS. Activation of Toll-Like receptor pathways (NFjB and IRF3) and related cytokines Interleukin (IL)-1b and Interferon-b were analyzed using ELISA. Treatment with celecoxib, venlafexine, reboxetine, imipramine and fluoxetine to astrocyte cultures without any immune challenge induces enhancement in TRP breakdown. Challenge with LPS does not induce change in TRP concentration or breakdown whereas IFNc and PolyI:C induces reduction in TRP concentration and increase TRP breakdown. Only celecoxib could reverse the enhanced TRP breakdown in astrocyte culture induced by IFNc. Celecoxib and antidepressants in LPS challenged culture: induces even enhanced TRP breakdown. Celecoxib in PolyI:C challenged culture: induces reversal of TRP breakdown to basal level. Antidepressants could not reverse this increase in TRP breakdown induced by PolyI:C. The increase of TRP breakdown after addition of celecoxib and antidepressants into culture without any immune challenge indicated that unnecessary medications might be hazardous to the TRP metabolism in astrocytes. Based on those findings, it could be concluded that in subgroups of depressed patients whose immune system would be in pro-inflammatory state - simulated here with IFNc or PolyI:C, treatment with celecoxib could be beneficial not only to peripheral immune system but also to the metabolism in the astrocytes. Results from TLR3/4 signaling cascade will also be discussed more detailed. ER  - 
Anesthetic management of a patient with acute coronary syndrome for HIP fracture surgery; Introduction: Acute coronary syndrome covers the spectrum of clinical conditions ranging from unstable angina to non-Q-wave myocardial infarction and Q-wave myocardial infarction. We describe the management of a patient with a hip fracture under regional anaesthesia. Method: A female 90 years old, ASA III, suffering from left intertrochanteric fracture with a medical history of chronic atrial fibrillation, arterial hypertension, diabetes mellitus type II, iron deficiency anemia and mild renal insufficiency (creatinine1/41,8 mg/dl) on preoperative medication with diltiazem (180 mg), candesartan - cilexetil/hydrochlorothiazide (16+12,5 mg), buflomedilhydrochloride (300 mg), clopidogrel (75 mg), aspirin (100 mg), piracetam (800 mg) and folic acid (100+0,35 mg). The surgery was postponed due to preoperative guidelines of anticoagulant drugs (clopidogrel). The day prior the operation a new ECG was significantly different from the ECG entry (ST depression and negative T waves at the rear wall). The cardiac enzymes and the troponin test were also positive (SGOT1/4101 U/L, SGPT1/473 U/L, CK-NAC1/4331U/L, LDH1/4467 U/L, Troponin1/40.13) which confirmed the diagnosis of possible acute coronary syndrome. A delay of the operation has been suggested from the cardiologists. After consideration of the dangers of further delay of the surgery, we decided to proceed besides high intraoperative mortality. Results: The hemodynamic monitoring included invasive BP, ECG, continuous monitoring of CO (by Flotrack-vigileo), pulse oximetry, and urinary output. The intraoperative anaesthesia was performed by administration of Ropivacaine 0,75% 1,2 ml subarachnoidaly at L3-L4 level. The patient remained heamodynamicaly stable (CO1/43,3-4,2 lt/min) during the operation which lasted 50 min. Postoperatively the patient remained for 60 min in PACU under cardiovascular monitoring and we administered through the epidural catheter analgesic drugs (morphine1/43 mg) for two days. Conclusions: Slow titration of spinal-epidural anaesthesia proved to be safe for a patient with ACS. ER  - 
[Are drugs taken as prescribed?].; The term "adherence" is used to describe whether drugs are taken as prescribed. This article outlines what is known about adherence for several central drug classes, which factors modify adherence, the consequences of low adherence and how adherence can be improved. We reviewed a selection of studies of adherence for the following seven drug classes: antidiabetics, antiepileptics, antihypertensives, statins, psychotropic drugs, antibiotics and analgesics. For antidiabetics, the proportion of patients with high adherence varied between 31 % and 80 % in the different studies. The corresponding figures for the other drug classes were: antiepileptics, 61-74 %; antihypertensives, 23-73 %; statins, 25-44 %; psychotropic drugs, 21-80 %; antibiotics, 41-70 % and analgesics, 41-53 %. As a general rule, adherence declined with time. For serious diseases, a decline in adherence led to a worsening of symptoms and an increased risk of hospitalisation and death. Dosing once daily proved to result in higher adherence than multiple daily dosing. Complex therapy regimes, depression, impaired cognitive function, side effects and inadequate follow-up reduce adherence. It is important to achieve high adherence, not least for serious diseases. In order to improve adherence it is necessary to identify patients who have low adherence, understand why the patient does not take the drugs and whether there are any practical problems related to intake. Good communication between patient and doctor is a key factor. ER  - 
Neurosyphilis with optical involvement in an immunocompetent patient: A case report; Background: Neurosyphilis became a rare disease after the introduction of antibiotics. The resurgence of syphilis in association with human immunodeficiency virus infection in the past decades increased the incidence of this tertiary form of the disease. However, in immunocompetent patients neurosyphilis remains uncommon and accurate diagnosis is challenging as the clinical presentation is unspecific and the validity of supportive laboratory tests is unclear. Case report: We describe the case of a 60-year-old man who presented with a 6-month clinical picture of depression-like symptoms and recent sudden unilateral blindness. Medical history uncovered a primary syphilitic event 20 years before. The investigation led to the diagnosis of neurosyphilis with optical involvement in a patient who did not present with any signs of secondary syphilis. Treatment with penicillin G and topical steroids resulted in significant clinical improvement and resolution of the visual loss. Conclusion: In the well-established natural history of syphilis, primary syphilis is almost always followed by manifestation of the secondary form, which in turn precedes a period of latency. This case emphasizes the need for a high index of suspicion of neurosyphilis in an immunocompetent patient with nonspecific neuropsychiatric manifestations and an atypical course of syphilis infection. © 2012 Rodrigues et al, publisher and licensee Dove Medical Press Ltd. ER  - 
Restriction of meat, fish, and poultry in omnivores improves mood: A pilot randomized controlled trial; Background: Omnivorous diets are high in arachidonic acid (AA) compared to vegetarian diets. Research shows that high intakes of AA promote changes in brain that can disturb mood. Omnivores who eat fish regularly increase their intakes of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), fats that oppose the negative effects of AA in vivo. In a recent cross-sectional study, omnivores reported significantly worse mood than vegetarians despite higher intakes of EPA and DHA. This study investigated the impact of restricting meat, fish, and poultry on mood. FINDINGS: Thirty-nine omnivores were randomly assigned to a control group consuming meat, fish, and poultry daily (OMN); a group consuming fish 3-4 times weekly but avoiding meat and poultry (FISH), or a vegetarian group avoiding meat, fish, and poultry (VEG). At baseline and after two weeks, participants completed a food frequency questionnaire, the Profile of Mood States questionnaire and the Depression Anxiety and Stress Scales. After the diet intervention, VEG participants reduced their EPA, DHA, and AA intakes, while FISH participants increased their EPA and DHA intakes. Mood scores were unchanged for OMN or FISH participants, but several mood scores for VEG participants improved significantly after two weeks. Conclusions: Restricting meat, fish, and poultry improved some domains of short-term mood state in modern omnivores. To our knowledge, this is the first trial to examine the impact of restricting meat, fish, and poultry on mood state in omnivores. ER  - 
Metabolic effects of poisoning; Biochemical abnormalities due to disturbed metabolic processes are common in severely poisoned patients. These may be of diagnostic value, but most importantly their recognition and treatment are important in the management of these patients. Acid-base abnormalites, particularly respiratory and metabolic acidoses, are common. Respiratory acidoses due to central nervous system depression or pulmonary toxicity, and metabolic acidoses due to lactic acidaemia or derangements of intermediary metabolism are particular features of poisoning. Plasma electrolyte abnormalities, particularly hyper- or hypokalaemia are found commonly in poisoned patients, most often due to redistribution of potassium across cell membranes. Hypoglycaemia is most frequently due to drug overdose. © 2011 Published by Elsevier Ltd. ER  - 
Toxicity of flunixin meglumine in broiler chickens; This study was designed to evaluate the toxicity of flunixin meglumine, a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug which might serve as an alternate of diclofenac that has been shown to cause toxicity in vultures. Twenty five broiler chickens of five weeks of age were randomly divided into five equal groups and treated with flunixin meglumine at the dosage rate of 0, 1.25, 2.5, 5 and 10 mg/kg body weight for four consecutive days, intramuscularly. Clinical signs, mortality, gross and microscopic lesions in visceral organs were recorded and serum concentrations of uric acid, creatinine, AST, ALT and ALP were measured. The affected birds exhibited the signs of toxicity as anorexia, depression, lethargy and coma. Mortality rates in 2.5, 5 and 10 mg/kg groups were 20, 40 and 60%, respectively. Gross lesions included visceral gout characterized by multifocal to locally extensive urate precipitates on almost all the visceral organs, skeletal muscles and sub cutis. Microscopic lesions showed multifocal urate tophi frequently surrounded by inflammatory cells. A strong correlation in the toxicity of the drug and elevation of the serum uric acid and creatinine concentrations was observed in the affected birds. We propose that flunixin meglumine causes similar toxicity in birds as diclofenac does. ER  - 
Infliximab, a TNF-alpha antagonist treatment in patients with ankylosing spondylitis: The impact on depression, anxiety and quality of life level; The objective of this study was to assess the effect of infliximab on depression, anxiety and quality of life in patients with active ankylosing spondylitis (AS). In this 6-week longitudinal study, 16 patients with AS were assessed. Active disease as defined by BASDAI ≥4.0 was sought for inclusion. Infliximab was administered 5 mg/kg at 0, 2 weeks and 6 weeks. Collected data included age, sex and date of onset of rheumatologic disease. Activity of disease was measured using Bath Ankylosing Spondylitis Disease Activity Index (BASDAI). Biological activity was evaluated with erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR) and C-reactive protein (CRP). ESR and CRP were assessed at baseline and day 42. The Hospital Anxiety and Depression scale (HADS), Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) and 36-item Short Form Health Survey (SF-36) were used to evaluate anxiety, depression and quality of life. BASDAI, SF-36, HADS and BDE were assessed prior to the initial infliximab dose and at 2nd, 14th and 42nd day. Seven (43.8%) AS patients had depression scores above the cut off value for both the HADS depression (HADS-D) and BDI and 4 (25 %) had high HADS anxiety scores at baseline. Significant time effect for BDI and HADS-D scores were observed. Although significantly lower BDI scores were found after first, second and third infusions of infliximab, compared to initial score, the significant decrease in HADS-D appeared after second and third infusions. A significant time effect for HADS-anxiety scores were found as well. All of the subscales of SF-36 improved significantly during the course, with an exception of role emotional, for which the difference approached to the significance. The change in BASDAI scores and CRP and ESR, in the treatment process, were not correlated with the change in depression and anxiety scores. Infliximab which is an anti-TNF-α drug, may be effective in the treatment of depression accompanying AS. Possible implications for the treatment of major depressive disorder were discussed, as well. © 2010 Springer-Verlag. ER  - 
Altered physiology of acid secretion in depression-prone Flinders rats results in exacerbated NSAID and stress-induced gastric damage; Background Flinders Sensitive Line (FSL) rats are characterized by hypersensitivity to cholinergic stimuli and have been extensively used for studying depressive disorders. A link between depression and peptic ulcers has long been established; however, there is a lack of data from animal models. Methods We studied the physiology of acid secretion in FSL and Flinders Resistant Line (FRL) rats in vivo and in vitro. We also examined the susceptibility of Flinders rats to water immersion restraint stress (WIRS) or NSAID-induced gastric damage and explored the effect of an anticholinergic agent, atropine, in reversing this effect. Key Results Basal acid output was more than twofold greater in FSL compared with FRL rats in vivo, 213.5 and 92.8μEq/3h/100g (P=0.02), respectively. Carbachol was a more potent secretagog in vitro, and somatostatin was a less potent inhibitory agent, while paradoxically stimulating acid secretion over and above the carbachol response in gastric glands from FSL rats. The FSL rats were more susceptible to indomethacin and WIRS-induced gastric mucosal damage compared with FRL rats. Atropine reduced acid output, which resulted in a reduction in indomethacin and stress-induced gastric damage in FSL rats. Conclusions & Inferences Our study, for the first time, demonstrates that the altered vagally mediated physiology of acid secretion in depression-prone FSL rats contributes to gastric hypersecretion and, consequently, results in exacerbated stress and NSAID-induced gastric damage. Flinders rats may be a useful animal model for studying acid-related and also gastrointestinal functional disorders in depression. © 2011 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Duchenne muscular dystrophy: How bad is the heart?: A case report; OBJECTIVE:Cardiac dysfunction is a frequent manifestation of Duchenne muscular dystrophy (DMD) and a common cause of death for individuals with this condition. Early diastolic dysfunction and focal fibrosis proceed to dilated cardiomyopathy (DCM), complicated by heart failure and arrhythmia in most patients. In this case, we presented a 18- year-old male patient with a DMD complicated with DCM. METHODS:CASE: An eighteen year-old male patient with a history of DMD for 12 years referred to the hospital for evaluation of progressive dyspnea, palpitation and chest pain. His blood pressure was 100/70 mmHg and heart rate was 94 beats/minute;a 2/6 degree apical pansystolic murmur was heard in the examination. Gower's sign were observed. The patient's functional capacity was IV according to the New York Heart Association classification. Heart and mediastine were enlarged on the chest X-ray. Electrocardiography showed sinus rhythm, normal axis and 0,5 mm ST segment depression in the V4-6 derivation. Corrected QT interval was 406 miliseconds. Two dimensional echocardiogram revealed a moderate mitral regurgitation and dilated left ventricle with reduced contraction (EF: 20%). Holter ECG monitoring was unremarkable. His sister also had DMD without cardiac involvement. The patient was on metoprolol, furosemide and ramipril treatment on admission.After methylprednisolone administration, slight elevation in ejection fraction and clinical improvement were observed. CONCLUSIONS:DMD is the most common childhood form of muscular dystrophy.It results from mutations in the gene encoding dystrophin, a sub-sarcolemmal protein that plays a key role in plasma membrane integrity and in linking the extracellular matrix with cytosolic signaling.In both cardiac and skeletal muscle, dystrophin protects cardiomyocytes against contraction-induced damage.Cellular repair mechanisms and regeneration are generally insufficient, yielding progressive loss of skeletal myofibres and cardiomyocytes.This condition segregates in families with an X-linked pattern of inheritance, though approximately 25% of cases are due to de novo gene mutations.The cardiomyopathy that develops in DMD is characterized by normal or thinned left ventricular (LV) wall thickness and progressive decline in ejection fraction or fractional shortening. Variable degrees of LV dilation occur. Abnormal LV relaxation has also been identified as an early manifestation in DMD.Treatment using v adrenergic blockade and inhibition of angiotensinconverting enzymes has been shown to be effective in promoting favourable remodelling.Management of cardiac arrhythmias presents challenges in the DMD patient.Steroid treatment, begun prior to ventricular dysfunction retards the anticipated development of ventricular dysfunction as shown in this case.The patient is currently on follow up with acetylsalicylic acid, metoprolol, ramipril, furosamide and methylprednisolone treatment. (Figure presented) . ER  - 
Delirium in elderly patients hospitalized and undergoing urologic surgery. Incidence and predictive role of Multidimensional Geriatric Evaluation (MGE) to define a high-risk population and prevent complications: Results of a prospective study; INTRODUCTION & OBJECTIVES: Delirium (acute derangement syndrome) is a common condition occurring in hospitalized older pts with negative consequences, including higher post-op complication rates and death, disability, permanent cognitive decline and institutionalization. It determines a longer hospitalization and an increase of costs. It's incidence ranges from 15 to 35 % in postoperative phase, from 70 to 87 % in intensive care (IC). Several studies have attempted to set criteria delineating an high-risk profile to develop delirium. The objective of this prospective study was to evaluate the impact of a MGE in 3 settings of pts hospitalized for medical or surgical conditions and to evaluate the incidence and the possible causes of delirium MATERIAL & METHODS: 274 elderly pts. admitted to 2 hospitals were evaluated in 3 different settings. 62 /274 pts (22.6%) from different depts. received a MGE on request during their hospital stay (Group 1).159/274 (58%) dismissed pts. and regularly followed as outpts. had a MGE at home (Group 2). 53/274 pts (19.4%) admitted for an elective urological procedure had a pre-op and post-op MGE and were strictly followed (Group 3).The mean age was 80.8, 80.3 and 78.1yrs respectively. The MGE included 19 items that were recorded in all pts. (drug history, delirium rating scale ..). In this last group MGE was daily applied by nurses to define incidence and clinical characteristics of delirium. F-UP was planned at 1, 3 months and 1 year after discharge to evaluate global health and specifically functional and cognitive pts. Status RESULTS: In Group 1 (62 pts) 75.8% of pts had MGE positive for delirium. Older age, high number of drugs used (digitalis and antibiotics) and depression were significantly correlated with delirium. In Group 2 (159 pts) 31.4% of subjects had delirium. Sex (females), >age, worse cognitive status and types of drugs used (digitalis, neuroleptics, antidepressant) were correlated with delirium. In Group C (53 pts affected by BPH and prostate, bladder and kidney cancer) 14.6% had a MGE test positive for delirium. Presence of comorbidities, ASA score III-IV, type of anesthesia (general vs spinal) were correlated with delirium CONCLUSIONS: The incidence of delirium varies between the old population. MGE is an appropriate tool to detect it. Older age, low cognitive status , depression and N of drugs used are correlated with it. In urological pts candidate for surgery, high N of co-morbidities, ASA score III-IV and type of anesthesia (general) predict the onset of delirium. Pharmacological research is ongoing to detect the variation of cholinergic agents that may be also responsible of Delirium. ER  - 
Trichodynia with predomination of itch; Introduction. One third of patients with hair loss, including the one caused by chronic telogen effluvium as well as androgenetic alopecia, suffer from painful sensations in the scalp with no pathological somatic findings. Trichodynia is characterized by painful sensations in the hair or scalp, which become more intense when hair is touched. The pain occurs with no physical pathological findings, and is considered to be a somatoform disorder. Seventy-six percent of patients with trichodynia present psychiatric signs, including depression, compulsive disorders and anxiety disorders. The clinical cause of this disorder has not been determined. Case report. We present a case of a 57-year old Caucasian man who was admitted to the Clinic of Dermatology with a history of over 30 years of itching of the scalp, eyebrows and mustache. The sensation of itching was becoming more intense when the hair was touched. The patient was relatively healthy except for nephrolithiasis in the past with no history of chronic diseases, allergies or previous injuries. He did not use any medications. Itching had begun in 1976. Initially hypochondriacal neurosis had been diagnosed and the same year in the psychiatric ward insulin shock therapy had been applied. Later the patient was treated with antipsychotic drugs, promethazine, thioridazine, hydroxyzine, psychotherapy, antibiotics and topical steroids but no remission of itching was observed. Clinical examination revealed androgenetic alopecia. Laboratory tests did not reveal any abnormalities. Stool ova and parasite test was negative. The patient also did not present any variations of mood, behavior or activity. HADS was 9A and 8D (limit values), DLQI was 8 (moderate effect on patient's QoL). Finally, the patient was diagnosed with somatoform disorder and was prescribed paroxetine 20 mg once daily. ER  - 
Peripheral biomarkers in bipolar disorder: A population-based study in young adults (abstract); Objective: The aim of this study was to confirm, in a sample of young adults from the general population, recent findings regarding the pathophysiology of bipolar disorder. The focus of this investigation was finding group differences in one neurotrophin, two markers of oxidative damage, two proinflammatory cytokines and one anti-inflammatory cytokine in participants with bipolar disorder, major depression and people without any mood episodes. Markers assessed here were brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF), thiobarbituric acid reactive substances (TBARS), protein carbonyl content (PCC), tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-α), interleukin-6 (IL-6) and interleukin-10 (IL-10). Method: Individuals from the general population, previously included in a cross-sectional study (n=1560), with a positive screen for bipolar disorder were recruited, as well as two groups of controls. One had only depressive episodes and the other had no history of mood episodes. This yielded a sample of 231 participants that further underwent diagnostic confirmation with the Structured Clinical Interview for DSM-IV (SCID). All analyses included a check for bivariate associations, as well as an a priori multivariate model with sex, social class, current mood state, use of substances and SCID diagnoses as predictors. Results: The final sample included 55 participants with bipolar disorder, 82 with major depression and 94 healthy controls. Only a minority was using any psychiatric medications (9.6%). Bipolar disorder was associated with higher PCC and TNF-α levels when compared to the control group. Major depression was also associated with higher PCC levels when compared to the control condition. Use of psychiatric medication was associated with lower TNF-α levels. Correlations between the same markers were not as strong as in clinical samples. Conclusions: Two broad conclusions are called for from these results. The first is that early-stage bipolar disorder is already associated with a pro-oxidant, proinflammatory state. The second is that these changes appear more subtle than those observed in typical late-stage, chronic patients, supporting the notion that a form of illness progression takes place. The main caveat is that these data are cross-sectional, not longitudinal, which precludes causal inferences as factors other than the bipolar illness can conceivably induce systemic toxicity. ER  - 
Obstructive sleep apnea/hypopnea syndrome and poor response to sertraline in patients with coronary heart disease; Objective: Evidence from several clinical trials in patients with coronary heart disease suggests that depression that does not respond to treatment is associated with a particularly high risk of adverse cardiac outcomes. The purpose of this study was to determine whether obstructive sleep apnea/hypopnea syndrome (OSAHS) is associated with a poor response to antidepressant medication in patients with coronary heart disease. Method: This was a secondary analysis of data from a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial of omega-3 fatty-acid augmentation of sertraline for depression in patients with coronary heart disease. Patients with documented coronary heart disease were recruited between May 2005 and December 2008 from cardiology practices in St Louis, Missouri, and through cardiac diagnostic laboratories affiliated with Washington University School of Medicine, St Louis, Missouri. One hundred five patients (mean age = 58 years) with coronary heart disease and current major depressive disorder (DSM-IV) were randomized to receive sertraline plus either omega-3 or placebo for 10 weeks. Cyclical heartrate patterns associated with OSAHS were detected via ambulatory electrocardiography prior to treatment. Symptoms of depression were measured at baseline and follow-up with the Beck Depression Inventory-II (BDI-II) and the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-17). The primary endpoint was the BDI-II score at 10 weeks. Results: Thirty of the 105 patients (29%) were classified as having probable moderate to severe OSAHS on the basis of nighttime heart-rate patterns. These OSAHS patients had significantly higher scores on both the BDI-II (t = -2.78, P = .01) and the HDRS-17 (t = -2.33, P = .02) at follow-up as compared to the reference group. Adjustment for baseline depression score, treatment arm (omega-3 vs placebo), body mass index, and inflammatory markers did not change the results. Patients with OSAHS reported higher item scores at follow-up on all depressive symptoms measured with the BDI-II compared to those without OSAHS. Conclusions: Obstructive sleep apnea/hypopnea syndrome is associated with a relatively poor response to sertraline treatment for depression. Future research should determine the contribution of OSAHS to the increased risk of adverse cardiac outcome associated with treatment-resistant depression. © Copyright 2011 Physicians Postgraduate Press, Inc. ER  - 
Hypnotherapy intervention for loin pain hematuria: A case study; Loin pain hematuria is characterized by chronic loin pain, hematuria, and dysuria. There are no known effective treatments for loin pain hematuria and longer term use of analgesics and surgical options are often ineffective or associated with negative side effects. This article reports on a 17-year-old female patient diagnosed with loin pain hematuria who presented with unilateral, uncontrolled loin pain following numerous unsuccessful attempts at controlling her symptoms with traditional medical interventions, including antibiotics, opioids, and renal denervation. The patient received 8 sessions of hypnotherapy. Baseline, endpoint, and follow-up measures administered included the General Health Questionnaire, Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale, McGill Pain Questionnaire, Pain Discomfort Scale, and visual analogue measures of pain, academic interference, and social interference. At follow-up, results indicated clinically significant decreases in pain, anxiety, and depression with nearly complete remission of presenting symptoms. © 2012 Copyright International Journal of Clinical and Experimental Hypnosis. ER  - 
Inhibition airway remodeling and transforming growth factor-β1/Smad signaling pathway by astragalus extract in asthmatic mice; Airway remodeling is characterized by airway wall thickening, subepithelial fibrosis, increased smooth muscle mass, angiogenesis and increased mucous glands, which can lead to a chronic and obstinate asthma with pulmonary function depression. In the present study, we investigated whether the astragalus extract inhibits airway remodeling in a mouse asthma model and observed the effects of astragalus extract on the transforming growth factor-β1 (TGF-β1)/Smad signaling pathway in ovalbumin-sensitized mice. Mice were sensitized and challenged by ovalbumin to establish a model of asthma. Treatments included the astragalus extract and budesonide. Lung tissues were obtained for hematoxylin and eosin staining and Periodic acid-Schiff staining after the final ovalbumin challenge. Levels of TGF-β1 were assessed by immunohistology and ELISA, levels of TGF-β1 mRNA were measured by RT-PCR, and levels of P-Smad2/3 and T-Smad2/3 were assessed by western blotting. Astragalus extract and budesonide reduced allergen-induced increases in the thickness of bronchial airway and mucous gland hypertrophy, goblet cell hyperplasia and collagen deposition. Levels of lung TGF-β1, TGF-β1 mRNA and P-Smad2/3 were significantly reduced in mice treated with astragalus extract and budesonide. Astragalus extract improved asthma airway remodeling by inhibiting the expression of the TGF-β1/Smad signaling pathway, and may be a potential drug for the treatment of patients with a severe asthma airway. ER  - 
Adjunct treatments for schizophrenia and bipolar disorder: What to try when you are out of ideas; The pharmacologic treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder leaves much to be desired. Repurposed drugs, which are approved for other medical conditions, represent an underutilized therapeutic resource for patients who have not responded to other drugs. Using experience gained from a decade of repurposed drug studies by the Stanley Medical Research Institute and search of the literature, we have identified nine such drugs for which there is some evidence of efficacy for schizophrenia and/or bipolar disorder. These include: aspirin; celecoxib; estrogen/raloxifene; folate; minocycline; mirtazapine; omega-3 fatty acids; pramipexole; and, pregnenolone. The evidence of efficacy is reviewed for each drug. Because there is little or no financial incentive for pharmaceutical companies to promote such drugs, there is a paucity of definitive trials, and these drugs are less widely known than they deserve to be. Biomarker studies should also be carried out to identify subgroups of patients who do respond to these drugs. ER  - 
Forskolin and derivatives as tools for studying the role of cAMP; Forskolin (7β-acetoxy-1α,6β,9α-trihydroxy-8,13-epoxy- labd-14-en-11-one) is the first main labdane diterpenoid isolated from the roots of the Indian Plectranthus barbatus ANDREWS and one of the most extensively studied constituents of this plant. The unique character of forskolin as a general direct, rapid and reversible activator of adenylyl cyclase not only underlies its wide range of pharmacological effects but also renders it as a valuable tool in the study of the role of cAMP. The purpose of this review is to provide data presenting the utility of forskolin - as a cAMP activator - for studying the function of cAMP from different biological viewpoints as follows: 1) Investigation on the role of cAMP in various cellular processes in different organs such as gastrointestinal tract, respiratory tract, reproductive organs, endocrine system, urinary system, olfactory system, nervous system, platelet aggregating system, skin, bones, eyes, and smooth muscles. 2) Studies on the role of cAMP activation and inhibition to understand the pathogenesis (e.g. thyroid autoimmune disorders, leukocyte signal transduction defect in depression, acute malaria infection, secretory dysfunction in inflammatory diseases) as well as its possibly beneficial role for curing diseases such as the regulation of coronary microvascular NO production after heart failure, the attenuation of the development or progression of fibrosis in the heart and lungs, the augmentation of myo-protective effects of ischemic preconditioning especially in the failing hearts after myocardial infarction, the stimulation of the regeneration of injured retinal ganglion cells, the curing of glaucoma and inflammatory diseases, the reducing of cyst formation early in the polycystic kidney disease, and the management of autoimmune disorders by enhancing Fas-mediated apoptosis. 3) Studies on the role of cAMP in the mechanism of actions of a number of drugs and substances such as the effect of the protoberberine alkaloid palmatine on the active ion transport across rat colonic epithelium, the inhibitory effect of retinoic acid on HIV-1-induced podocyte proliferation, the whitening activity of luteolin, the effect of cilostazol on nitric oxide production, an effect that is involved in capillary-like tube formation in human aortic endothelial cells, the apoptotic effect of bullatacin, the effects of paraoxon and chlorpyrifos oxon on nervous system. Moreover, cAMP was found to play a role in acute and chronic exposure to ethanol, in morphine dependence and withdrawal and in behavioral sensitization to cocaine as well as in the protection against cisplatin-induced oxidative injuries. ER  - 
Distinguishing health benefits of eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids; Long chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC n-3 PUFAs) are recommended for management of patients with wide-ranging chronic diseases, including coronary heart disease, rheumatoid arthritis, dementia, and depression. Increased consumption of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is recommended by many health authorities to prevent (up to 0.5 g/day) or treat chronic disease (1.0 g/day for coronary heart disease; 1.2-4 g/day for elevated triglyceride levels). Recommendations for dietary intake of LC n-3 PUFAs are often provided for α-linolenic acid, and for the combination of EPA and DHA. However, many studies have also reported differential effects of EPA, DHA and their metabolites in the clinic and at the laboratory bench. The aim of this article is to review studies that have identified divergent responses to EPA and DHA, and to explore reasons for these differences. In particular, we review potential contributing factors such as differential membrane incorporation, modulation of gene expression, activation of signaling pathways and metabolite formation. We suggest that there may be future opportunity to refine recommendations for intake of individual LC n-3 PUFAs. © 2012 by the authors; licensee MDPI. ER  - 
N-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in psychiatric diseases: Mechanisms and clinical data; The lipids constitute majority of dry weight of mature human brain. From lipids, 35% is comprised of PUFA with long chain (LC-PUFA), especially docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) of n-3 family and arachidonic acid (AA) of n-6 family. Humans are dependent on dietary intake of both AA and DHA. Interestingly, the dietary n-6/n-3 ratio increased considerably during last century. LC-PUFAs play numerous roles in the brain, including structural (forming the physico-chemical properties in the lipid bilayer of cellular membranes) and signaling ones. Moreover, they influence neurogenesis and neurotransmission within the nervous tissue. The metabolites of PUFA modulate immune and inflammatory processes in the brain, oxidative stress as well as its consequences. Of high importance is also their connection with several metabolic factors involved in the proper function of the brain and/or were discovered to play a role in the pathogenesis of neuropsychiatric diseases - melatonin, homocysteine, leptin, and adiponectin. This review gives short view of the metabolism and possible mechanisms of PUFA n-3 action in the brain, and their role in the pathogenesis of psychiatric diseases. © 2012 Neuroendocrinology Letters. ER  - 
The antidepressant-like effects of the 3β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase inhibitor trilostane in mice is related to changes in neuroactive steroid and monoamine levels; In the present study, we analyzed the effects of a systemic treatment with the competitive 3β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase (3β-HSD) inhibitor trilostane on: (i) neurosteroid and monoamine levels in the brain, and (ii) the antidepressant activity of steroids and antidepressants in the forced swimming test (FST). 3β-HSD converts pregnenolone (PREG) into progesterone (PROG) or dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) into androstenedione. These neuroactive steroids are known to regulate neurotransmitters effects in the brain, particularly glutamate, γ-aminobutyric acid (GABA) and serotonin (5-HT), with consequences on mood and depression. We previously reported that trilostane showed antidepressant-like properties in the FST and concomitantly regulated plasma adrenocorticotropin (ACTH) and corticosterone levels, markers of the stress-induced hypothalamus-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis activation. We here observed that adrenalectomy/castration blocked the trilostane effect, outlining the importance of peripheral steroid levels. Trilostane (25 mg/kg) decreased hippocampus PROG contents and paradoxically increased circulating PROG levels. It also increased PREG levels in the hippocampus and frontal cortex. In the FST, a co-treatment with trilostane facilitated DHEAS (5-20 mg/kg) antidepressant activity, but showed only an additive, not facilitative, effect with PREGS (10-40 mg/kg), PROG (10-40 mg/kg) or allopregnanolone (ALLO, 1-8 mg/kg). Trilostane (25 mg/kg) treatment significantly increased 5-HT and (-)-norepinephrine (NE) turnovers in the hippocampus, an effect likely related to its antidepressant action. In co-administration studies, trilostane further decreased immobility following fluoxetine (30-60 mg/kg), sertraline (20-40 mg/kg) and imipramine (20-40 mg/kg), but not desipramine (20-40 mg/kg), treatments. A significant additive effect was observed for the selective 5-HT reuptake inhibitors (SSRI) at their highest dose. This study confirmed that a systemic administration of trilostane directly affected peripheral and brain levels in neuroactive steroids and monoamine turnover, resulting in antidepressant activity. The drug could be proposed as a co-treatment with SSRI. This article is part of a Special Issue entitled 'Anxiety and Depression'. © 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Minocycline produced antidepressant-like effects on the learned helplessness rats with alterations in levels of monoamine in the amygdala and no changes in BDNF levels in the hippocampus at baseline; Previous studies have indicated that minocycline might function as an antidepressant drug. The aim of this study was to evaluate the antidepressant-like effects of minocycline, which is known to suppress activated microglia, using learned helplessness (LH) rats (an animal model of depression). Infusion of minocycline into the cerebral ventricle of LH rats induced antidepressant-like effects. However, infusion of minocycline into the cerebral ventricle of naïve rats did not produce locomotor activation in the open field tests, suggesting that the antidepressant-like effects of minocycline were not attributed to the enhanced locomotion. LH rats showed significantly higher serotonin turnover in the orbitofrontal cortex and lower levels of brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) in the hippocampus than control rats. However, these alterations in serotonin turnover and BDNF expression remained unchanged after treatment with minocycline. On the contrary, minocycline treatment of LH rats induced significant increases in the levels of dopamine and its metabolites in the amygdala when compared with untreated LH rats. Taken together, minocycline may be a therapeutic drug for the treatment of depression. © 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Metabolic syndrome as a risk factor for neurological disorders; The metabolic syndrome is a cluster of common pathologies: abdominal obesity linked to an excess of visceral fat, insulin resistance, dyslipidemia and hypertension. At the molecular level, metabolic syndrome is accompanied not only by dysregulation in the expression of adipokines (cytokines and chemokines), but also by alterations in levels of leptin, a peptide hormone released by white adipose tissue. These changes modulate immune response and inflammation that lead to alterations in the hypothalamic 'bodyweight/appetite/ satiety set point,' resulting in the initiation and development of metabolic syndrome. Metabolic syndrome is a risk factor for neurological disorders such as stroke, depression and Alzheimer's disease. The molecular mechanism underlying the mirror relationship between metabolic syndrome and neurological disorders is not fully understood. However, it is becoming increasingly evident that all cellular and biochemical alterations observed in metabolic syndrome like impairment of endothelial cell function, abnormality in essential fatty acid metabolism and alterations in lipid mediators along with abnormal insulin/leptin signaling may represent a pathological bridge between metabolic syndrome and neurological disorders such as stroke, Alzheimer's disease and depression. The purpose of this review is not only to describe the involvement of brain in the pathogenesis of metabolic syndrome, but also to link the pathogenesis of metabolic syndrome with neurochemical changes in stroke, Alzheimer's disease and depression to a wider audience of neuroscientists with the hope that this discussion will initiate more studies on the relationship between metabolic syndrome and neurological disorders. © Springer Basel AG (outside the USA) 2011. ER  - 
Plasma omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and survival in patients with chronic heart failure and major depressive disorder; The omega-3 fatty acid (FA) concentration is low in patients with coronary heart disease (CHD). Supplement of omega-3 FA improves cardiovascular outcomes in patients with CHD and heart failure (HF). However, plasma omega-3 FA and its role for prognosis in HF patients have not been examined previously. In this study, we explore the prognostic value of omega-3 polyunsaturated FA in HF patients with major depressive disorder (MDD). Plasma was obtained from HF patients with MDD who participated in the Sertraline Against Depression and Heart Disease in Chronic Heart Failure trial. FA methyl esters were analyzed by the method of a flame ionization detector. Weight percent is the unit of the omega compounds. The primary outcome was survival which was analyzed using Cox proportional hazards regression modeling. A total of 109 depressed HF patients had adequate volume for completion of the FA assays. Plasma total omega-3 (hazard ratio [HR] 0.65, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.43-0.98) and EPA -0.1 unit (HR 0.73, 95% CI 0.56-0.96) were significantly associated with survival of patients with HF and comorbid MDD. The results suggest that low plasma omega-3 FA is a significant factor for reduced survival in HF patients with MDD. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2011. ER  - 
Omega-3 fatty acid augmentation of citalopram treatment for patients with major depressive disorder; OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to explore the efficacy of combination therapy with citalopram plus omega-3 fatty acids versus citalopram plus placebo (olive oil) in the initial treatment of individuals with major depressive disorder (MDD). We hypothesized that combination therapy would lead not only to greater efficacy but also to a more rapid onset of therapeutic response. METHODS: Forty-two subjects participated in this 9-week randomized, masked, placebo-controlled study of combination therapy (two 1 g capsules containing a blend of 900 mg of eicosapentaenoic acid, 200 mg of and docosahexaenoic acid, and 100 mg of other omega-3 fatty acids twice daily plus citalopram) versus monotherapy (two 1 g capsules of olive oil per day plus citalopram) treatment of MDD. RESULTS: The combination therapy demonstrated significantly greater improvement in Hamilton Depression Rating scale scores over time (F = 7.32; df 1,177; P = 0.008) beginning at week 4 (t = -2.48; df 177; P = 0.014). CONCLUSIONS: Combination therapy was more effective than monotherapy in decreasing signs and symptoms of MDD during the 8 weeks of active treatment; however, combination therapy did not seem to enhance the speed of the initial antidepressant response. These findings suggest that there may be an advantage to combining omega-3 fatty acids with a selective serotonin uptake inhibitor in the initial treatment of individuals with MDD. A larger definitive study is warranted.© 2012 by Lippincot t Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Combined effects of salicylic acid and furosemide and noise on hearing; Background: A major cause of the hearing loss following exposure to intense noise involves release of free radicals resulting from the elevated metabolism. The free radicals induce damage to several of the components of the cochlear amplifier including the outer hair cells and indirectly to the transduction currents. Salicylic acid induces a reversible hearing loss since it binds to the motor protein prestin in the outer hair cells, reducing electromotility. Furosemide also induces a reversible hearing loss since it reduces the endocochlear potential which is a major component of the cochlear transduction currents. On the other hand, each of these drugs also provides protection from a noise induced hearing loss if they are injected just before a noise exposure, probably as a result of the decreased metabolism induced in their presence, with release of lower levels of free radicals. In this study, both drugs were administered in order to assess whether their protective effects would be additive. Methods. The study was conducted on normal hearing albino mice of the Sabra strain. They were injected with either salicylic acid alone (N = 11), or furosemide alone (N = 14), or both together (N = 14), or with saline control (N = 11) and exposed to broad band noise for 3.5 hours. An additional group of 9 mice was injected with both salicylic acid and furosemide, but not exposed to noise. The degree of the resulting hearing loss was assessed by recording thresholds of the auditory nerve brainstem evoked responses to broad band clicks before the injections and noise, and 7, 14 and 21 days after. Results: The noise induced hearing loss in the mice injected with salicylic acid alone or furosemide alone was smaller than in those injected with saline, i.e. these drugs provided protection, as in previous studies in this laboratory. There was no threshold elevation after two weeks in the mice injected with both drugs without noise exposure, i.e. the effects of the two drugs given together was reversible. On the other hand, there was a significant hearing loss (i.e. threshold elevation) in the group which received both drugs and was also exposed to noise, with mean threshold elevations of 38.8 19.0 dB and 28.3 11.7 dB 7 days after noise exposure. Conclusions: This result is very surprising, if not paradoxical. Drugs which provide protection from a noise induced hearing loss when administered alone, not only do not provide protection when given together, but also induce a greater hearing loss when accompanied by noise. This observation may be related to the finding that the depression of the endocochlear potential normally caused by furosemide is reduced in the presence of salicylic acid, so that the protection usually provided by furosemide is not present when it is administered together with salicylic acid. Thus it seems that each drug may interfere with the protective action of the other when coupled with noise. © 2012 de Jong et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Omega-3 fatty acids and pregnancy: Current implications for practice; Purpose of review: We conducted this review to evaluate the evidence for maternal supplementation with omega-3 fatty acids during pregnancy for the prevention or treatment of common complications of pregnancy including preterm birth, pregnancy-induced hypertension and preeclampsia, as well as perinatal depression. We also evaluated the evidence supporting maternal omega-3 fatty acid supplementation to optimize infant neurocognitive development and for primary prevention of allergic diseases in childhood. Recent findings: Omega-3 fatty acids through diet or dietary supplementation may reduce the risk for early preterm birth. Preliminary findings from small randomized controlled trials suggest that maternal omega-3 fatty acid supplementation during pregnancy may reduce the risk for allergic disease in childhood, but this observation requires confirmation by large appropriately powered randomized controlled trials. More research is needed before routine maternal supplementation for this indication can be recommended. Summary: Although it is biologically plausible that maternal omega-3 fatty acid supplementation might prevent a number of pregnancy complications and optimize child health and development, indications for supplementation other than prevention of preterm births are currently investigational. © 2012 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Association of plasma omega-3 and omega-6 lipids with burden of disease measures in bipolar subjects; Omega-3 (n-3) fatty acids have been implicated in mood disorders, yet clinical trials supplementing n-3 fats have shown mixed results. However, the predominant focus of this research has been on the n-3 fatty acids docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA). We used an unbiased approach to assay plasma n-3 and omega-6 (n-6) species that interact at the level of biosynthesis and down-stream processing, to affect brain function and, potentially, mood. We used lipomic technology to assay plasma levels of n-3 and n-6 fatty acids from 40 bipolar and 18 control subjects to investigate differences in plasma levels and associations with the burden of disease markers, neuroticism and global assessment of function (GAF) and mood state (Hamilton Depression Scale (HAM-D)). Most significantly, we found the levels of dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid (DGLA) to positively correlate with neuroticism and HAM-D scores and negatively correlate with GAF scores; and HAM-D to negatively correlate with linoleic acid (LA) and positively correlate with fatty acid desaturase 2 (FADS2) activity, an enzyme responsible for converting LA to gamma-linolenic acid (GLA). These associations remained significant following Bonferroni multiple testing correction. These data suggest that specific n-6 fatty acids and the enzymes that control their biosynthesis may be useful biomarkers in measurements of depressive disorders and burden of disease, and that they should be considered when investigating the roles of n-3s. © 2012 Elsevier Ltd. ER  - 
Discovery and biological evaluation of a diphenethylamine derivative (HS665), a highly potent and selective κ opioid receptor agonist; Background: Activation of the κ opioid (KOP) receptor results in antinociceptive actions, while it is not involved in the unwanted effects including respiratory depression, dependence or abuse liability, as in the case of the μ opioid (MOP) receptor. Therefore, KOP agonists appear to possess some advantages over the most widely used MOR analgesics. Besides the analgesic activity, KOP agonists have also shown other beneficial effects such as anti-pruritic, anti-arthritic, anti-inflammatory, and neuroprotective effects. At present, the main classes of available chemically distinct KOP agonists include benzomorphans, morphinans, arylacetamides, diterpenes and peptides. Herein, we present a new molecular scaffold for KOP ligands of the class of diphenethylamines and biological investigations on in vitro and in vivo opioid activities. Methods: Synthesis of the novel KOP ligands was accomplished by multistep syntheses. Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) cell membranes expressing human opioid receptors were used in radioligand binding and [35S]GTPgS functional assays. Antinociceptive activities were assessed in mice using the writhing test. Results: Several novel ligands were synthesized and pharmacologically evaluated. Among them, HS665 proved to be the derivative with the highest selectivity for the KOP receptor vs. the other two types, MOP and δ opioid (DOP) receptors (selectivity ratios KOP/MOP >1,000 and KOP/DOP >20,000), and KOP agonist potency. In vivo, this derivative produced dose-dependent and significant antinociceptive actions in a mouse model of visceral pain (acetic acid-induced writhing) after subcutaneous administration, being equipotent to the standard KOP agonist U50,488. Antinociceptive effects of HS665 were reversed by the KOP-selective antagonist nor-binaltorphimine demonstrating a KOP receptor-mediated mechanism of the antinociceptive action. HS665 has also recently been prepared in tritium-labeled form ([3H] HS665), which can be used as research tool to characterize KOP actions at the cellular and molecular level and to establish the in vitro opioid activity profile of new ligands. Conclusions: This study shows that through appropriate molecular manipulations, a new class of ligands interacting with KOP has been identified, namely HS665 and derivatives thereof. Such novel KOP ligands, besides the scientific value as pharmacological tools, may also have the potential of emerging as novel therapeutics for human disease states. ER  - 
Mania in an individual with developmental delay treated with minocycline; Background: Current research is looking into new targets for the treatment of bipolar disorder. One of them happens to be the glutamate system. There is, however, little research into the use of glutamate antagonists in the treatment of bipolar disorder. This is a report on a patient whose mania, which was not responding to treatment, appeared to respond immediately to a glutamate antagonist. Case Report: This is a case of a young gentleman with developmental delay who was admitted to the hospital with mania and destructive behavior. The patient had been treated in the hospital with lithium, tegretol, klonopin, and Geodon, without any change in his behavior. He was then placed on Cardizem and Neurontin and then Minocin. Within 2-3 days of starting the minocycline (an NMDA antagonist and antibiotic), he calmed significantly, almost to the point of being asymptomatic. He remained so and was able to be discharged 1 week later, without symptoms. Conclusion: NMDA antagonists are currently getting attention for efficacy in depression with rapid results. The literature is sparse on such treatment in bipolar disorder. This case would be the first noted on the treatment of mania withminocycline, and, thus, an NMDA antagonist. It could be argued that the response was not due to minocin alone, because of the Neurontin and Cardizem, but the known efficacy of these drugs in mania is anecdotal and usually not this rapid.We would hope that this case will spark interest in research on NMDA antagonists for the treatment of mania. ER  - 
Minocycline use in a patient with multi-drug-intolerant neuropathy; Background: Minocycline is a broad-spectrum tetracycline antibiotic that is used mostly for acne. New research has discovered multiple actions of minocycline, including inhibition of microglia, antiinflammatory, antioxidant, and N-Methyl-D-aspartic acid (NMDA) as an NMDA antagonist. Minocycline has been found to attenuate diabetic neuropathic pain in rats in 28 days, working through down-regulating inflammatory cytokines. Furthermore, research has shown that NMDA antagonists may have a role in improving depression. We present a case of a gentleman who could not tolerate many antineuropathic pain medication, who responded to minocycline addition to nortriptyline. Case History: An elderly male patient presented with depression secondary to neuropathic pain that was poorly controlled. The patient could not tolerate multiple anti-pain medications, including gabapentin, venlafaxine, and duloxitine. The patient was prescribed nortriptyline but also found this to be ineffective. He was depressed, denied suicidal ideation, but was “okay with dying.” He was prescribed 100 mg minocycline 2 times/day and had his nortriptyline raised to 25 mg. The patient described relief of pain after 24 hours of minocycline. After 72 hours, he had continued to have relief of pain. He denied feeling depressed. The patient was discharged at that time and lost to follow-up. Conclusions:Minocycline is possibly an effectivemedication for patients who have uncontrolled neuropathic pain. Indeed, itmay have greater use in combination therapy. We also wonder about its antidepressant effects, given the recent effectiveness of NMDA antagonists such as ketamine in depression. ER  - 
Common over the counter medication causes shock; Case Report: A 15 year-old boy with no past medical history presented with altered mental status. He was found vomiting, unable to answer questions, and thrashing about his room. He had no loss of consciousness or incontinence. He was afebrile, pulse 140, blood pressure 60/30, and respiratory rate 18. He was arousable to painful stimuli, localized pain, and occasionally responsive but not following commands. Lungs were clear bilaterally, a 3/6 systolic ejection murmur was heard over left lower sternal border, peripheral pulses were bounding, extremities were warm with brisk capillary refill. Complete blood count revealed a slightly elevated white blood cell count, normal platelets and hemoglobin. The initial metabolic panel only revealed decreased bicarbonate and increased glucose, with an elevated anion gap. The cerebral spinal fluid studies were normal. Urine toxicology was negative. Acetaminophen, blood alcohol, and salicylate levels were zero. Mass spectrometry was run on urine revealing naproxen and ibuprofen. He became acidotic with a pH of 7.0 with lactic acid peaking at 15. He required high dose dopamine, epinephrine, and vasopressin for hemodynamic stabilization, and required intubation. After 36 hours he became more responsive, the acidosis had resolved and he was extubated. Then he admitted that he had taken about 150 pills of naproxen and 50 of ibuprofen in an attempt to end his life. Discussion: There are few case reports of naproxen overdoses. The common problems with naproxen and ibuprofen overdose are gastrointestinal or central nervous system complications. Rarely, they cause severe acidosis, acute renal failure, hepatic dysfunction, respiratory depression, coma, convulsions, and cardiovascular collapse. The mechanism by which it causes both acidosis and hypotension are not well known. There is speculation that both the acid metabolites of ibuprofen and naproxen contribute to the acidosis. The treatment is supportive as the naproxen is protein bound and difficult to remove through dialysis. There have been a couple of case reports that support the use of extracorporeal membrane oxygenation or plasmapharesis. It is important to know the half-life of the non-steroidal anti-inflammatory and continue to provide support until the drug level has come down. ER  - 
Effects of n-3 fatty acids on depressive symptoms and dispositional optimism after myocardial infarction; Background: In patients who have experienced a myocardial infarction (MI), n-3 (omega-3) PUFA status is low, whereas the risk of depression is increased. Objective: The objective was to assess whether the plant-derived α-linolenic acid (ALA) and the fish fatty acids EPA and DHA would improve affective states. Design: In a secondary analysis of the randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled Alpha Omega Trial, 4116 of 4837 (85.1%) patients (aged 60-80 y; 79.2% men) who had experienced an MI were included. Margarine spreads were used to deliver 400 mg EPA-DHA/d, 2 g ALA/d, both EPA-DHA and ALA, or a placebo for 40 mo. At 40 mo, the endpoints of depressive symptoms (15-item Geriatric Depression Scale) and dispositional optimism (a 4-item questionnaire and the Life Orientation Test-Revised) were analyzed by using a posttest-only design. Results: The 4 randomly assigned groups did not differ in baseline characteristics. ALA supplementation significantly increased plasma cholesteryl ester concentrations of ALA by 69%, and EPA-DHA supplementation increased plasma cholesteryl ester concentrations of EPA and DHA by 61% and 30%, respectively. Depressive symptoms or dispositional optimism did not differ between groups with the use of n-3 fatty acids compared with placebo at the 40-mo follow-up. The standardized mean (±SE) differences in depressive symptoms were as follows: for EPA-DHA plus ALA (n = 1009) compared with placebo (n = 1030), -0.025 ± 0.044 (P = 0.57); for EPA-DHA (n = 1007) compared with placebo, -0.048 ± 0.044 (P = 0.28); and for ALA (n = 1022) compared with placebo, -0.047 ± 0.044 (P = 0.29). Conclusions: In patients who had experienced an MI, low-dose EPA-DHA supplementation, ALA supplementation, or a combination of both did not affect depressive symptoms and dispositional optimism. These findings are in accord with those from previous trials in individuals without psychopathology or without severe depressive symptoms. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00127452. © 2011 American Society for Nutrition. ER  - 
Cardiovascular and other comorbidities in patients with psoriatic arthritis: A comparison with patients with psoriasis; Objective. To determine whether the presence of psoriatic arthritis (PsA) is associated with greater comorbidity, in particular cardiovascular morbidity, compared to psoriasis without arthritis. Methods. Six hundred eleven patients with PsA were recruited from the University of Toronto Psoriatic Arthritis Clinic and 449 psoriasis without arthritis patients were recruited from the University of Toronto Psoriasis Cohort. The clinical database was used to identify the prevalence of cardiovascular and other comorbidities in both PsA and psoriasis without arthritis patients. Univariate and multivariate logistic regression analyses were conducted to estimate odds ratios (ORs), comparing the odds of ever having a given comorbid disease in PsA patients with those in psoriasis without arthritis patients. Covariates included age, sex, education, smoking status, severity and duration of psoriasis, medication status, and other comorbidities. Results. The prevalence of hypertension, obesity, hyperlipidemia, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and at least 1 cardiovascular event in PsA patients was 37.1%, 30.0%, 20.7%, 12.0%, and 8.2%, respectively. This was significantly higher than in psoriasis without arthritis patients, with unadjusted ORs ranging from 1.54 to 2.59. In the multivariate analyses, hypertension remained significantly elevated (adjusted OR 2.17). PsA was also significantly associated with infections not treated with antibiotics (presumably viral), neurologic conditions, gastrointestinal disorders, and liver disease (adjusted ORs 2.83, 4.76, 21.53, and 7.74, respectively). Infections treated with antibiotics and depression/anxiety were relatively common in PsA, with a prevalence of 30.5% and 20.7%, respectively. However, this was not significantly different from psoriasis without arthritis after multivariate adjustments. Conclusion. The results suggest that inflammatory joint disease may play a role in both cardiovascular and noncardiovascular morbidity in PsA. © 2011, American College of Rheumatology. ER  - 
[Effects of adipose-derived stem cells-hyaluronic acid composite on healing of wound combined with radiation injury].; To observe and explore the effects of adipose-derived stem cells (ADSCs)-hyaluronic acid (HA) composite on healing of wound combined with radiation injury. The ADSCs were harvested from the fat tissue in groin of 10 inbred Sprague Dawley (SD) rats and were isolated and cultured by enzyme digestion. The ADSCs-HA composite was prepared with ADSCs (5 x 10(6) cells/mL) at passage 6 and HA (10 mg/mL). Thirty inbred SD rats, 15 males and 15 females, were randomly divided into groups A (n = 10), B (n = 10), and C (n = 10). A 2 cm x 2 cm full-thickness skin defect was made on the rat back before 20 Gy 60Co radiation exposure. One week after debridement, wounds were treated by petrolatum gauze in group A as the control group, by HA (0.4 mL) and petrolatum gauze in group B, and by ADSCs-HA composite (0.4 mL) and petrolatum gauze in group C. The microvessel density (MVD) and the distribution of CD90 positive cells were observed at 1st, 2nd, 3rd, and 4th weeks. The wound healing was slower, and wound did not heal at 4th week and still filled with granulation tissue in group A; the wound healing of group B was faster than that of group A, and the wound did not heal completely with depression in the center at 4th week; the wound healed completely with epidermilizated surface and no obvious depression at 4th week in group C. The histological observation showed that MVD was significantly higher in group C than in groups A and B at the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd weeks (P < 0.05), and in group B than in group A at the 3rd week (P < 0.05); MVD was significantly higher in groups B and C than in group A (P < 0.05), but no significant difference was found between groups B and C (P > 0.05) at 4th week. No CD90 positive cell was found in groups A and B; CD 90 positive cells were observed in group C and gradually decreased with time. ADSCs-HA composite can accelerate healing of wound combined with radiation injury by promoting and controlling wound angiogenesis. ER  - 
Omega-3 fatty acids and cognitive decline: Modulation by ApoEε4 allele and depression; Long-chain omega-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) may slow cognitive decline. The ε4 allele of the ApolipoproteinE (ApoE), the main genetic risk factor for Alzheimer's disease, and depressive symptoms, which are frequently associated with cognitive impairment in older persons, may modify this relationship. We estimated the associations between EPA and DHA plasma levels and subsequent cognitive decline over 7 years, taking into account ApoE-ε4 status and depressive symptoms, in a prospective population-based cohort. Participants (≥ 65 years, n = 1,228 nondemented at baseline) were evaluated at least once over three follow-up visits using four cognitive tests. Plasma EPA was associated with slower decline on Benton Visual Retention Test (BVRT) performances in ApoE-ε4 carriers, or in subjects with high depressive symptoms at baseline. Plasma DHA was associated with slower decline on BVRT performances in ApoE-ε4 carriers only. EPA and DHA may contribute to delaying decline in visual working memory in ApoE-ε4 carriers. In older depressed subjects, EPA, but not DHA, may slow cognitive decline. © 2011 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
The effect of low-dose omega 3 fatty acids on the treatment of mild to moderate depression in the elderly: A double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled study; Due to the rise in the social and economic costs of depression, new antidepressant medication with fewer side effects should be found. Several studies have shown that an association exists between ω-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (ω-3 PUFAs) and depression. However, this association has not been clear enough in the elderly with mild to moderate depression. Sixty-six inhabitants of Kahrizak Charity Foundation participated in this double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled study. Each participant was ≥65 years of age, had a Mini Mental State Exam of ≥22, and had scores ranging from 5 to 11 on the Geriatric Depression Scale-15 (GDS-15). During the 6 months, the drug group was treated daily with one gram of fish oil capsule containing 300 mg of both eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid. No significant differences were noted between the groups in regard to level of education, use of antidepressant drugs, alcohol, tobacco use, history of chronic diseases, age, body mass index (BMI), high-sensitive C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), total cholesterol, and GDS-15 scores at baseline. After adjusting for cholesterol, BMI, and history of thyroid dysfunctions, a statistically significant difference was seen in GDS-15 scores between both groups. Furthermore, treatment with ω-3 PUFAs was clinically more effective in treating depression in comparison with the placebo. In this study, low-dose ω-3 PUFAs had some efficacy in the treatment of mild to moderate depression in elderly participants. © 2011 Springer-Verlag. ER  - 
Omega-3 polyunsaturated essential fatty acids are associated with depression in adolescents with eating disorders and weight loss; Aim: To study the relationship between polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) status and depression in adolescents with eating disorders (ED) and weight loss. Methods: Erythrocyte membranes from 217 adolescents (209 girls, eight boys) with ED were analysed for fatty acids (FA). ED and depression were diagnosed by clinical interviews and supported by self-report instruments. Results: Adolescents with ED and depression did not differ from those with ED only in terms of age, BMI, weight loss and duration of disease. In their FA profile, depressed adolescents had lower proportions of eicosapentanoic acid (EPA) and docosahexanoic acid (DHA), the end products of the ω3 PUFA series. The ratio of long-chain (>18 carbons) ω6/ω3 PUFA was therefore higher in depressed adolescents. Indices of desaturase activities did not differ between depressed and not depressed adolescents. Conclusion: Low ω3 status is related to depression in adolescents with ED. This cannot be explained by differences in weight (loss) and duration of disease, nor by differences in PUFA processing by desaturases. Data suggest a lower dietary intake of ω3 PUFA in those with depression. Further investigations should determine whether ω3 PUFA status improves by refeeding only or whether supplementation with PUFA is warranted. © 2011 The Author(s)/Acta Pædiatrica. ER  - 
Physical performance but not muscle function is improvedby Infliximab in IBD patients; Background: Reduced muscle performance, general fatigue and nutritional deficienciesand can occur in patients with inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) impairingtheir work and daily lives. Decline of muscle strength and physical functioncould be a cytokine-mediated process as observed in advancing age and severalchronic disorders. Anti-TNF-a medication markedly improves several IBD symptoms, however, it is not known if also affects can muscle strength.AIMS AND Methods: Therefore, the aim of the current study was to assess theeffect of infliximab on muscle function and physical performance in IBD patients.Twenty-three IBD outpatients were included and their nutritional status (BMI), diseaseactivity (CDAI), body composition (bioelectrical impedance analysis), musclefunction (knee extensor and handgrip strength, fatigue resistance tests) and physicalperformance chair stands test and habitual and maximal gait velocity were evaluated.Fatigue, and quality of life were investigated using specific tools (fatigue visualanalogical scale and Inflammatory Bowel Disease Questionnaire (IBDQ). Results: Of the total patients, 78.3% had CD and 21.7% UC. At baseline, most ofthe patients were well nourished and 34.8 % with FFM depletion. Impaired handgripand quadriceps strength were present in 65.2% and 52.2 % of patients. Timeto perform sit up test was 8.42 ±.22 s. All patients had reduced quality of life, frequently with fatigue (91%) with predisposition to depressive feelings (69.6%).After infliximab infusion, an improvement in sit up test (p=0.026), fatigue(p=0.007), and quality of life(p= 0.0005) associated to decrease of depressivesymptoms (p=0, 003). Sit up test (worse performance) has an inverse correlationwith quadriceps strength (r=- 0. 460, p=0, 027), depression symptoms(r= 0, 738, p= <0.001) and positive with to TNF-α levels(r= 0.480, p= 0.032). Conclusion: Infliximab treatment improved physical performance, fatigue, depressive feelings and quality of life in IBD patients. Muscle strength anddepressive symptoms were related to physical performance. ER  - 
Self-reported disease comorbidities, frequency of flares, and medicationtreatment in individuals with Crohn's disease: Data from theNational Health and Wellness Survey; Purpose: Inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) experts have highlighted a “topdown” (using the most effective biologic or immunosuppressive agent) approachas a treatment option for IBD in order to minimize the >50% of patients thateventually become “steroid dependent” or “steroid resistant.1, 2 This study willquantify comorbid disease associated with Crohn's Disease (CD); describe the frequencyand severity of disease flares; and characterize the use of corticosteroidtreatment patterns and steroid burden. Methods: The National Health and Wellness Survey, a nationally representativeinternet-based survey was administered during the 4th quarter of 2010 to individualsaged ≥18 years with a diagnosis of Crohn's Disease (CD). Chi-Square tests and Student'st-tests were performed to test for differences between groups. Results: A total of 782 individuals with CD completed the survey (65% female;average age = 47.9 years). Common comorbid conditions of individuals with CDincluded depression (29%), sleep difficulties (28%), anxiety (25%), anemia (30%), osteoporosis (9%) and osteopenia (10%). The incidence of osteoporosis washigher (17%) in those individuals reporting being treated with steroids. The meantime from first symptoms of CD to diagnosis was 3.3 years. Individuals with moderateor severe disease reported CD flares occurring (≥1/week) significantly(p<0.05) more often (31% and 13% respectively) as compared to 3% of individualswith mild disease during in the past 12 months. The mean number ofdisease flares reported by individuals with CD during the previous 12 monthswas 36.7 (range=15.8-142.5) with flares lasting a mean of 6.9 days. Individualswith moderate or severe disease had a significantly (p<0.05) greater numberof mean disease flares as compared to individuals with mild disease. Frequentlycited causes of flares included stress (55%), diet (35%), and infection(14%). The most common treatment(s) of flares by individuals included 'addinga steroid' (32%) and 'increasing a dose of a current medication” (20%), including an antibiotic, 5-aminosalicylic acid agent, immunomodulator, biologic, or other. Steroid utilization of ≥3 times/year occurred in 21% of allCD individuals and increased significantly (p<0.05) in those with moderatedisease. Stockpiling of steroids occurred in 28% of all CD individuals withsignificantly (p<0.05) more persons with moderate or severe disease reportingstockpiling. Reasons for 'stockpiling' of steroids included 'having as amaintenance medication' (41%), 'avoiding future flares' (33%) and 'treatmentof current flares' (31%). Conclusion: Individuals with CD often have multiple comorbid conditions thatinclude psychological and inflammatory conditions. Furthermore, the frequencyof disease flares varied by disease severity and resulted in increased steroid burden.Additional research is needed to examine the factors and outcomes associatedwith these behaviors and differences. ER  - 
Cytokines-neurochemiccals interaction in depression: Biochemical, genetic and structural aspects; Background: Cytokines are the mediators of immune system which have pro- and anti-inflammatory effect. The pro-inflammatory type of cytokines at certain concentrations has negative impact on glial-neuron interaction. One of the mechanisms is through tryptophan degradation pathway, the kynurenine (KYN) pathway, which is composed of several metabolites. These metabolites have different actions on different receptors and neurotransmissions. The negative impact can finally result in depression and neurotoxic/degenerative changes if the elevation of pro-inflammatory cytokines and disturbances in KYN pathway continue chronically. This presentation will explain the mechanism by summarising the results of the studies carried out in human in terms of biochemical, genetic and morphological changes related to pro-inflammatory cytokines and major depressive disorder. Methods: The above mentioned mechanism was studied in patients with major depressive disorder, interferon-a (IFNa) treated treated hepatitis-C patients, and post-mortem brain tissues of well characterized depressed patients. From studies on medication-naive and medication-free depressed patients, biochemical changes before and after antidepressant medication will be presented. From the genetic study on KYN related genes, the association with genetic aspect will be presented. From IFNa treated human study, gene-biochemical interaction related to KYN pathway will be presented. From post-mortem study, the immunoreactivity of neurotoxic quinolinic acid in anterior cingulate cortex area and hippocampus area will be presented. Results: In medication naive depressed patients, the serum kynurenic acid (KYNA) level and the ratio between KYNA and KYN (KYNA/KYN) were significantly lower compared to healthy controls. The 6-week antidepressant medication could not efficiently improve the biochemical disturbance. In the genetic study, the kynurenine aminotransferase 3 (KAT III) gene polymorphism was shown to be associated with depression and anxiety symptoms. In patients with IFNa treatment, the kynureninase gene and KAT III gene polymorphisms are directly associated with the serum levels of KYN, 3-hydroxykynurenine (OHK) and KYNA. In the study of post-mortem brain tissues, the quinolinic acid immunoreactivity was shown to be increased in part of anterior cingulate cortex and hippocampus areas of suicidal depressed patients compared to those of healthy controls and suicidal patients with bipolar disorder. Conclusions: The KYN metabolites play a role in the mechanism of depression associated with pro-inflammatory state. The disturbances in KYN pathway is partially related to polymorphism of some genes involved in KYN pathway. Those changes observed in the periphery might be associated with neurotoxic changes in the brain. Currently available antidepressants did not show satisfactory effect in terms of correction of KYN metabolites disturbances. Manipulation of KYN pathway could be a future therapeutic approach in treatment of major depressive disorder. ER  - 
HMGB1 and TLR increase neuroinflammation and neurodegeneration in alcoholic brain; Background: Neuroinflammation is associated with depression, alcoholism and other brain disease. High-mobility group box 1 (HMGB1) is an agonist at receptors for damage or danger associated molecular patterns (DAMPs) that include the Toll-Like Receptors (TLR), a family of at least 13 mammalian receptor genes, that increase neuroimmune gene expression in brain through activation of NFkB transcription. HMGB1 is a nuclear protein expressed in most cells and released by multiple stimuli. DAMPS and TLRs have low expression in controls, but are increased in most brain diseases. Neuroimmune activation in brain persists for long periods of time beyond that found for systemic neuroimmune activation. HMGB1-TLR signaling may regulate brain neuroimmune and neuropathological responses. Methods: Human, mouse and rat brain are investigated using immunohistochemistry (IHC), western protein analysis and RTPCR (mRNA). Hippocampal-entorhinal cortex (HEC) cultures were used with small interfering mRNA and drugs to follow signaling, mice were treated with ethanol (C57Bl/6, 5 gm/kg/day-10 days) to follow ethanol induced changes in brain in vivo and postmortem human alcoholic brain to confirm humans show changes similar to mouse brain and HEC cultures. Results: Post-mortem human alcoholic orbital frontal cortex, chronic ethanol treated mouse orbital frontal cortex (C57Bl/6) and rat HEC cultures treated with ethanol show increased levels of HMGB1 and TLR2, TLR3 and TLR4 expression. HEC culture studies find ethanol increases HMGB1 expression (mRNA and protein) and releases HMGB1 into the media. HEC and mouse studies find ethanol upregulation of HMGB1 and DAMPS is associated with increases in NFkB transcription of proinflammatory innate immune genes including TNFa, IL1b, IL6 and MCP1. In HEC, HMGB1-TLR antagonists (e.g. siRNA, naltrexone, LPS-Ra) block ethanol induction of proinflammatory innate immune genes and inhibition of neurogenesis. In mice, ethanol induction of HMGB1 and TLR modestly increase proinflammatory gene induction, but markedly potentiates proinflammatory gene induction by systemic TLR agonists LPS (TLR4) and PolyIC (TLR3). NADPHoxidase, a superoxide forming enzyme, is an innate immune gene increased by TLR agonists, ethanol alone and combinations of ethanol-TLR treatments. Increased expression of NADPHoxidase corresponds with increased formation of reactive oxygen species and markers of neuronal death (activated caspase-3 and fluoro-Jade B) in cortex. Human post-mortem alcoholic brain also shows elevated NADPHoxidase using IHC. Antagonists of microglial activation (minocycline) and TLR4 receptors (naltrexone) as well as inhibition of NADPHoxidase (DPI) protect mouse brain from ethanol-TLR agonist increased neuroinflammation and neurodegeneration. Discussion: Ethanol increases expression of HMGB1, TLR and NADPHoxidase. Ethanol upregulation of these genes potentiates TLR3 and TLR4 responses in brain. Ethanol released HMGB1 acts on DAMP receptors, particularly TLR4, to increase neuroinflammatory gene expression. NADPHoxidase induction increases oxidative stress and neuronal death. Blockade of microglial activation, TLR receptors or NADPHoxidase protects against neuropathology. These studies indicate that HMGB1-DAMP signaling contribute to alcoholic brain disease and possibly other brain pathology. ER  - 
Effects of Omega-3 fatty acid supplements on PET quantification of regional brain glucose metabolism in depressed and healthy volunteers; Background: We have previously shown in major depression that plasma glycerophospholipid levels of the omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), correlated with regional metabolic rates of glucose (rCMRglu) obtained through [18F]fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography (FDGPET). We now extend these findings with a prospective study of effects of 6 weeks of omega-3 PUFA supplementation on rCMRglu in depressed and healthy volunteers. Methods: Participants with DSM IV SCID-diagnosed major depressive disorder (N=14) and healthy volunteers (N=7) provided informed consent for this study, which was approved by the IRB. Depressed participants were free of psychotropic medications except for one person on mirtazepine. FDG-PET and MRI scanning were performed before and after all participants received 4 g/d of fish oil supplementation (1.6 g/d of eicosapentaenoic acid [EPA] and 0.8 g/d of DHA). FDG-PET data was reconstructed into images, after which motion correction, coregistration to MRI, and generation of regional time activity curves were performed using a single venous sample taken at 40 minutes. Data were analyzed quantitatively using our validated method, the simultaneous estimation of input function (SIME). Regions of interest (ROIs) were determined using a multiple atlas, multi-label automated probabilistic approach. Clinical response was defined as 50% or greater improvement on the17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-17). The plasma glycerophospholipid fatty acids DHA, EPA, and arachidonic acid (AA) were quantified using a new, high-throughput method of Glaser et al (2010) and expressed as a percentage of total PUFA (DHA%, EPA%, AA%). Independent t-tests were used to compare depressed and control groups with regard to clinical characteristics, and to compare fish oil responders and non-responders with regard to PUFA% levels. Pre and post-treatment plasma levels of PUFA% and HAM-17 scores were compared using paired t-tests. Linear regression was used with individual PUFA% values as independent variables and regional rCMRglu values as dependent variables. Statistical analyses were performed using SPSS (PASW, Release 18) for Mac. No corrections were made for multiple comparisons. Results: There were no differences between patients and controls in terms of sex, age, PUFA levels pre- or post-supplementation, or the percent change in any PUFA after supplementation. All PUFA% levels changed highly significantly after supplementation (mean % change in the entire sample for DHA%, 29.2% ± 23.8, t=5.65, df=20, p<0.0001; EPA%, 62.8% ± 26.9, t=5.33, df=20, p<0.0001; AA%, -14.5% ± 18.5, t=×3.16, df=20, p=0.005). Within the depressed group, HAM-17 scores were significantly improved after fish oil treatment (baseline mean score = 16.8; posttreatment mean score = 11.6; t=2.78, df=13, p=0.015); 5 out of 14 were full responders (baseline mean score = 17.4; post-treatment mean score = 4.8; t=9.78, df=4, p=0.001). Initial PUFA levels did not predict clinical response. Post-supplementation levels of plasma DHA% (t=2.17, df=12, p=0.05), but not EPA% (t=×0.50, df=12, p=0.63) or AA% (t=0.51, df=12, p=0.61), distinguished between responders and non-responders. Neither baseline nor postsupplementation levels of PUFAs correlated wtih rCMRglu. Severity of depression after supplementation also did not correlate with FDG regional uptake or with change in uptake from pre to postsupplementation. Voxel-based analyses are in progress. Discussion: We have previously reported a cross-sectional correlation of PUFAs with PET regional FDG uptake in specific brain regions using voxel-based analyses. In this prospective study of 6-week fish oil supplementation in major depression, we found that increased plasma DHA% was associated with clinical improvement but did not increase brain FDG uptake in ROI analyses. Supported by MH079033 awarded to Dr Sublette. ER  - 
Effects of peripherally restricted kappa opioid receptor agonists on pain-stimulated and pain-depressed behavior in rats; Background: Centrally penetrating kappa opioid receptor agonists produce robust antinociceptive effects in most preclinical assays of pain, but they are not effective as analgesics in humans due to limitations in efficacy and/or production of dose-limiting side effects that include psychotomimesis. Kappa opioid receptor agonists that do not readily cross the blood-brain barrier are peripherally restricted after systemic administration and distribute poorly to the central nervous system. Peripherally restricted kappa agonists have promise as candidate analgesics because they may produce antinociception mediated by peripheral kappa receptors more potently than they produce undesirable sedative and psychotomimetic effects mediated by central kappa receptors. This study compared effects of kappa agonists with effects of reference compounds in preclinical assays of pain-stimulated and pain-depressed behavior. Assays of pain-depresssed behavior are valuable in part because (a) they are not vulnerable to “falsepositive” effects produced by drugs that produce motor impairment, and (b) they model pain-related depression of behavior and mood. Methods: Studies were conducted in adult male Sprague-Dawley rats using procedures approved by the VCU IACUC and conducted in accordance with the Guide for the Care and Use of Laboratory Animals. Intraperitoneal injection of 1.8% lactic acid (1.0 ml/kg) served as a noxious stimulus to stimulate an abdominal stretching response (a conventional pain-stimulated behavior) and to depress intracranial self-stimulation of the medial forebrain bundle (ICSS; a novel assay of pain-depressed behavior). In the assay of acidstimulated stretching, antinociception was indicated by a decreasein the target behavior. Conversely, in the assay of acid-depressed ICSS, antinociception was indicated by an increase in the target behavior. Drug effects on ICSS in the absence of pain were also determined. Effects of six drugs were evaluated: the selective and centrally penetrating kappa agoinst salvinorin A (0.1-3.2 mg/kg), the peripherally restricted kappa agonisttetrapeptide D-Phe-DPhe- D-Ile-D-Arg-NH2 (a.k.a. ffir; 0.1-10 mg/kg), the nonpeptidic peripherally restricted kappa agonist ICI204448 (3.2-32 mg/kg), the nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug and clinically effective analgesic ketoprofen (0.01-1.0 mg/kg), the dopamine uptake inhibitor and behavioral stimulant cocaine (1.0-10 mg/kg), and the dopamine receptor antagonist and neuroleptic flupenthixol (0.032- 1.0 mg/kg). Data were analyzed by one- or two-way ANOVA as appropriate, and significant ANOVA was followed by the Dunnett or Bonferroni post-hoc test. Results: Only ketoprofen produced significant antinociception in assays of both pain-stimulated and pain-depressed behavior, blocking acid-induced stimulation of stretching and depression of ICSS at a dose that did not alter ICSS in the absence of pain. The centrally penetrating kappa agonist salvinorin A and the dopamine receptor antagonist flupenthixol both significantly decreased acidstimulated stretching, but also significantly exacerbated acidinduced depression of ICSS and decreased control ICSS in the absence of pain. The peripherally restricted kappa agonists ffir and ICI204448 significantly decreased stretching, but doses that blocked acid-stimulated stretching had little (ICI204448) or no (ffir) effect on acid-induced depression of ICSS, and higher doses tended to exacerbate acid-induced depression of ICSS and decrease ICSS in the absence of pain. Cocaine had no effect on acidstimulated stretching, but blocked acid-induced depression of ICSS at doses that also stimulated ICSS in the absence of pain. Discussion: Ketoprofen antinociception in assays of both painstimulated and pain-depressed behavior is consistent with the clinical efficacy of ketoprofen as an analgesic. No other drug in this study produced an equivalent antinociceptive profile. In particular, these results do not support the utility of peripherally selective agonists like ffir and ICI204448 for the treatment of pain. Both compounds produced evidence of peripheral selectivity insofar as the reduced acid-stimulated stretching at doses that did not decrease ICSS in the absence of pain. However, despite this apparent selectivity, neither drug was effective in blocking acidinduced depression of ICSS, and high doses of both drugs tended to exacerbate acid-induced depression of ICSS. Salvinorin A and flupenthixol both produced effects consistent with a non-selective behavioral depression, and cocaine produced effects consistent with nonselective behavioral stimulation. ER  - 
Anxiety and depression in adolescents and adults with cystic fibrosis; Background: Little is currently known about the anxiety anddepression co-morbidities and Cystic Fibrosis (CF).Aim To evaluate the association between anxiety and depression andlong-term treatment burden in CF patients.Subjects and Methods: In 82 CF patients (36 males, age range12-44 years, BMI range 15-29 kg/m2), anxiety and depression wereassessed by the Hospital Anxiety Depression Scale (HADS). In allpatients, spirometry and current therapy, such as scheduled intravenousantibiotics, chronic use of aerosolized antibiotics, insulintherapy, pancreatic enzymes and long-term oxygen therapy, wererecorded. Results: A wide range of airflow obstruction was found (FEV1 range26e129% pred). 54, 68, 12, 85, and 11 patients underwent intravenousantibiotics, aerosolized antibiotics, insulin therapy, pancreaticenzymes and long-term oxygen therapy, respectively. 33 (40%)and 15 (18%) out of 82 patients were respectively anxious anddepressive. Depression was significantly associated with intravenousantibiotics (p<0.01, OR 6.0, CI 0.9 to 41) and with long-termoxygen therapy (p<0.01, OR 1.4, CI 0.9 to 1.9). Conclusions: The present study shows that use of scheduled intravenousantibiotics and long-term oxygen therapy significantly affectpsychological functioning profile in adolescents and adults with CF.Our results further suggest the value of psychological support in CFpatients with advanced lung disease. ER  - 
Is fish oil promising in the treatment of depression during pregnancy and lactation?; Increasing concerns about neonatal syndromes following antidepressant use in the late phase of pregnancy(1) have caused more hesitation about their use. Although inadequate data about in utero exposure of antidepressants may present risks, the risks of untreated maternal depression must be considered as well. One candidate as an antidepressant is fish oil, in light of its omega-3 constituent. Omega-3 fatty acids are long-chain, polyunsaturated fatty acids found in plant and marine sources and helpful in treating various medical conditions (2). Omega-3 fatty acids may prove to be efficacious in a number of psychiatric disorders. Evidence suggests that omega-3 fatty acids may have beneficial effects in mood disorders, including bothmajor depression and bipolar disorder, schizophrenia and dementia. Furthermore, omega-3 fatty acids may prove to be a safe and efficacious treatment for psychiatric disorders during pregnancy and breastfeeding (2). Major depressive disorder (MDD) is prevalent among women of childbearing age. Approximately 15% of women experience an episode of perinatal depression (PND), antenatally and/or postnatally (3). Because there are increasing concerns about possible adverse effects of antidepressant medication use during pregnancy and in breastfeeding mothers (4), it is important to investigate possible alternative treatments. Main dietary risk factors of postnatal depression are low riboflavin, low folate, low docosahexaenoic acid, low eicosapantaenoic acid, low calcium, low magnesium and low zinc. Oil-rich fish are a rich source of n-3 fatty acids, in particular eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) (5). Evidence indicates that these fatty acids may be involved in the synthesis and regulation of brain neurotransmitters (dopamine, monoamine and serotonin), which are thought to be reduced in cases with depressive symptoms (6). More specifically, it is thought that high concentrations of DHA located in non-myelin cell membranes of the central nervous system may help support synaptic transmissions (7). Different human studies were identified investigating dietary and/or supplemental sources of n-3 in relation to the development of postnatal depression. Only two of these trials were randomised controlled trials (8,9). Among others, three studies support the theory that dietary and supplemental sources of n-3 are associated with fewer postnatal depression symptoms (8,10,11) and five studies contest this theory (12,13,14). ER  - 
Psychotropic drugs effecting biological RHYTHM (Chronobiotics); Biological clocks such as circadian, ultradian, and infradian rhythms have their own organizations, independently from environmental conditions. Although there is biological sustainability, psychiatric disorders and also psychotropic medications have important effects on the synchronization of biological clocks. Various biological mediators such as glutamate, γ aminobutyric acid, histamine, dopamine, acetylcholine, serotonin and their receptor systems take on the mediation of inner clocks via psychotropic drugs. Histaminergic activity is highly increased during wakefulness. H1 antagonists, generally increase Slow-Wave Sleep and stage 2 sleep and reduce rapid eye movement sleep. Diphenhydramine can cause subjective sedation and decreased sleep latency with no effect on memory or learning processes. The long elimination half-lives of these drugs can result in next-day sedation and impairment of psychomotor and cognitive function the next morning. Benzodiazepines shorten sleep-onset latency, increase total sleep time and stage 2 sleep, and suppress rapid eye movement sleep and slow-wave sleep. The risk of rebound insomnia is greatest with rapid elimination of benzodiazepines. About 65% of major depressive disorder patients report sleep complaints. Based on polysomnography studies, sleep architecture is estimated to be disturbed in up to 90% of depressed patients. Except desipramine, all TCAs block H1 and α1 receptors to varying degrees. As a general rule, the noradrenergic TCAs (e.g. desipramine, protriptyline) are considered 'activating'. These agents have a tendency to increase sleep-onset latency as well as to decrease total sleep time, associated with an increase in wake time after sleep onset. Paroxetine and fluoxetine clearly suppress REM sleep, both among healthy volunteers and depressed patients. Compared to other SSRIs, citalopram may be less activating and therefore less likely to disrupt sleep continuity. Lithium and valproate have many acute, subacute, and chronic effects on systems, at the cellular and molecular levels. Lithium treatment modifies circadian rhythms in humans and in most animals, primarily by lengthening the period of the cycle. Most of the sleep-promoting effects of antipsychotic drugs have been related to their potency to antagonize α adrenergic, histaminergic, or cholinergic neurotransmission. Among classical antipsychotics, drugs having these properties, such as phenothiazines and thioxanthenes, are clearly sedative and promote sleep. Among atypical antipsychotics, drugs having this pharmacodynamics profile are olanzapine, clozapine, and quetiapine. Clozapine and olanzapine increase total sleep time and sleep efficiency and have no clear-cut effect on REM sleep. ER  - 
The effects of psychotropic and other drugs on flight and flight safety; There are data that the side effects of many prescription drugs impair the psychomotor and cognitive performance of patients; with psychotropic drugs having even more of these negative side effects. Particularly drugs like benzodiazepines, antipsychotics, barbiturates, trycyclic antidepressants, stimulants, narcotic analgesics, and antihistamines that affect the central nervous system top the list for risks of accidents, injuries, and cognitive impairments. Along with these, anticoagulants, chemotherapeutic agents, antidiarrheals, antiemetics, and steroids should not be allowed for pilots. It is debatable that SSRIs have a mild side effect profile. SSRIs and bupropion are given to military pilots up to 6 months after resolution of anxiety and depressive symptoms in Canada and Australia. But the civil aviation authorities did not grant any privileges to these drugs. The gold standard in aviation for a pilot to fly efficiently and safely is to be in good mental and physical health and not to be affected by any medication during flights. The regulations both international and national have clear rules that permanently or temporarily restrain pilots from flying activities in the case of any sickness or medication treatment. The rules stating that a sick person cannot function as a pilot in a plane or an air traffic controller in a tower are rational. However since the notion of being sick and the tasks during a flight spread over a wide range, local health authorities can issue “waivers” for special situations. For example pilots with conditions like type-2 diabetes, asthma, rheumatoid arthritis, sarcoidosis, or melanoma cannot fly; but in certain forms of these conditions that are stabilized with treatment, that have not caused serious limitations, and that do not affect performance, the pilot may be allowed to fly. Atopic dermatitis that recover with application of pomades, allergic rhinitis that is treated with nasal sprays, asthma that is treated with steroid inhalers, type-2 diabetes that is controlled with metformin are examples of allowed conditions. The drugs that are assumed not to have any side effects that might affect flight safety are: Aspirin, paracetamol, most antibiotics, depot penicillins, gout and thyroid medication, antiacids, nasal decongestants, oral contraceptives, topical analgesics and steroids, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, vitamins, metformin, modafinil, caffeine, etc. Clearly, the patients need to be monitored for the first few days of use considering these drugs may have idiosyncrasies. It is a problem when pilots take drugs without consulting authorized doctors for fear of flight suspensions. Adding to that reasons like the cost of doctor's visits, losing compensation for the duration of suspension, upsetting supervisors due to disrupted flight schedules may lead pilots to taking OTC drugs. What's worse is that they can order DTC drugs over the internet based on unscientific news, articles, and ads. There are several herbal supplements available in the market today that contain suspicious ingredients that claim to treat pain, help flu like symptoms, reduce stress, aid sleep, improve sexual performance, reduce blood fat levels, help lose weight, prevent aging, or provide vitamins and minerals. Therefore the attempts of the pilots to treat themselves create risks and the unknown side effects of those preparations pose serious problems to flight safety. ER  - 
A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of celecoxib augmentation of sertraline in the treatment of a drug-naïve women with major depression; Objectives: A growing body of evidence strongly suggests that inflammatory process and immune responses are involved in the pathophysiology of depression. While depression itself is considered a heterogeneous disorder, the involvement of immune system further complicates the matter. Meanwhile, several antidepressant medications (e.g. fluoxetine) have been reported to exert immunomodulatory properties, which may affect human immune system and may partly contribute to their efficacy. Moreover, it must be noted that immune response/system profoundly varies between the genders due to differences in sex hormones. However, there have been no controlled studies investigating the benefits of celecoxib augmentation therapy in treatment-naïve women with depression. To increase the homogeneity of the study population, the present study was designed to examine the antidepressant effects of celecoxib augmentation of sertraline in the treatment of female drug-naïve patients with depression for 8 weeks. Methods: Forty female patients diagnosed with first episode of major depression according to DSM-IV-TR criteria were recruited for this study. The inclusion criteria were: 1. First episode of major depression, 2. Female gender, 3. Antidepressant-naïve, 4. Age between 18 and 50 years, and 5. Hamilton depression rating scale (17 items) score ranging from 18 to 36. The patients with history of other psychiatric disorders, significant suicidal ideation, liver and kidney dysfunction, and cardiovascular disorders were excluded. The patients were randomly assigned into two equal groups receiving either sertraline 50-100 mg/day plus celecoxib 100 mg twice daily or sertraline 50-100 mg/day plus placebo twice daily. The participants were assessed by Hamilton depression and anxiety rating scale at baseline, and 4th and 8th weeks of the treatment. The data were analyzed by Mann-Whitney U test and Fisher's exact test. The trial was registered in Iranian Registry of Clinical Trials (IRCT registration number: IRCT201009043106N3). This study was approved by Azad University Pharmaceutical Sciences Ethics Committee (No: 4114). Results: No significant differences were observed between two groups regarding demographicals characteristics and the Hamilton depression score at baseline. The mean Hamilton depression score decreased from 26.14 (SD=5.51) at baseline to 12.42 (SD=5) at 4th week and from 26.22 (SD=5.38) at baseline to 17.33 (SD=5.24) at 4th week in the celecoxib and placebo groups, respectively. Celecoxib group showed significantly greater decrease in Hamilton scores compared to placebo (P< 0.05) at the end of week 4. The mean decrease in Hamilton score was greater in the treatment group compared to placebo over 8 weeks, although it was not statistically significant. In addition, remission rate (HamD scores <= 7) was significantly higher in the celecoxib group compared to placebo group (57% and 11% respectively, P<0.05). Conclusion: It can be suggested that celecoxib augmentation therapy may accelerate the onset of therapeutic action of sertraline and also result in higher remission rate at the endpoint of treatment. The results of present study substantiate the hypothesis that add-on treatment with anti-inflammatory agents can be beneficial in the management of depression. ER  - 
Successful treatment of disseminated intravascular coagulation with recombinant human soluble thrombomodulin in a patient with neuroleptic malignant syndrome; Case Reports: Neuroleptic malignant syndrome (NMS) is rarely complicated with rapidly progressive disseminated intravascular coagulation (DIC), which mostly resulted in fatal outcome. We present a case of NMS complicated with severe DIC, but was successfully treated with a recombinant human soluble thrombomodulin (rTM), a recently approved drug for DIC in Japan. A 44-year-old man with a chief complaint of seizure and high fever was brought to our ER by ambulance. He had past histories of depression and mental retardation, and a dose of levomepromazines had been increased one week before the episode. On arrival, he was comatose and his tympanic temperature was 41.1 degrees Celsiu. Neurological examination revealed systemic muscular rigidity, but no other abnormal neurological findings including neck stiffness was observed. The findings of brain computerized tomography, brain magnetic resonance imaging and cerebrospinal fluid finding were unremarkable. The results of laboratory blood tests was as follows; a white blood cell count 4400/μL, hemoglobin 14.1 g/dL, platelet counts 208000//L1L, C-reactive protein 0.2 mg/dL, procalcitonin 0.07 ng/ml, creatinine kinase 690 IU/L, fibrin degradation product (FDP) 2.9 mg/mL, D-dimer 0.7 μg/mL. He was immediately intubated and admitted to the ICU. Since his body temperature (BT) remained high even after systemic cooling with blankets, and no significant signs of infection were observed, we also started to give dantrolene sodium and bromocriptine, in addition to broad spectrum antibiotics, with the diagnosis of NMS. Although his BT started to decrease, at 15 hours after admission, his platelet counts decreased to 18000//L1L and FDP increased to 199.8 mg/mL. He was diagnosed as acute severe DIC secondary to NMS, and rTM 130U/kg/day was administered for 5 consecutive days. He quickly responded to rTM administration and his platelet counts increased to 37000/μL on the 3rd hospital day, and 143000/μL on the 5th day. He was successfully discharged from hospital on the 55th day with the final diagnosis of NMS complicated with DIC. Thus, we speculated that rTM may become an innovative therapy for DIC especially induced by NMS. ER  - 
Invasive aspergillosis in a patient with asthma post H1N1 Pneumoniad Nayar1, Cook P1, Lim L1, Allison D1, Denning D2county Durham and Darlington foundation trust1national aspergillosis centre, university hospital of South Manchester2category: Clinical lesson; Introduction Invasive Aspergillosis(IA) has been shown to complicate SARS, but often when steroids have been given. We present a case of IA in an atypical patient group - a patient with asthma admitted to our Intensive Care Unit with H1N1 pneumonia. We avoided steroids (this would almost certainly have resulted in her death without voriconazole), but she still got IA. In October 2009, a 46 year old female attended A+E department at our Trust with increasing shortness of breath (SOB) and two weeks history of flu-like symptoms . She was complaining of non-productive cough, aches and sweats, tight chest, sore throat and back pain. She had received amoxicillin from GP with no improvement. There was no acute pain, calf swelling or previous clots. She was known to have mild asthma and depression and was on citalopram, salbutamol and seretide. She was a smoker, lived with partner and was attending college. She had been adopted as a child. On examination her temperature was 37.3C, pulse was 108 and BP 106/65. Her respiratory rate was 28 and her SaO2 39% on air which improved to 89% on 15L O2. Her airway was patent and she was able to speak in full sentences. She had a wheeze and crepitations all over her chest. Her GCS was 15/15. She was admitted to ITU, intubated and needed BIPAP on propofol and alfentanyl. Her FiO2 was 80%, sats 97%. Her temperature rose to 38.4C.Throat swabs for H1N1 and full septic screen including blood cultures were sent. She was given enoxaparin, pantoprazole, Coamoxiclav and Clarithromycin. Scientific findings Admission H1N1 throat swabs and bacterial screens were negative. She was on Coamoxiclav and Clarithromycin and Oseltamivir was added. Her WCC was 2.3x 106 and CRP 179mg/L. Four days after admission her sputum culture grew Aspergillus fumigatus and Candida albicans. Six days after admission her bronchial lavage specimen was H1N1 positive and also grew A.fumigatus and Candida spp. in multiple samples. She was started on liposomal amphotericin B and antibiotics changed to Tazocin and clarithromycin. Her chest radiograph showed diffuse consolidation throughout the lungs, suggestive of ARDS. Her CT thorax showed bilateral multiple lung cavities with extensive ground glass opacification and consolidation, compatible with infection; possibly fungal, atypical or tuberculosis. Discussion At the time of worsening markers and chest signs, there was some concern about whether this was bronchiolitis obliterans and discussion about starting steroids. However expert advice sought from the National Aspergillus Centre in Manchester indicated that the combination of cavities, ground glass consolidation and positive cultures of A. fumigatus was more likely to represent IA. She showed signs of failure on Liposomal amphotericin and antifungals were changed to Voriconazole and Caspofungin. The patient showed slow and steady improvement from this point, monitored by serial CT and Voriconazole levels. She had Caspofungin for three weeks, Vorconazole for 10 weeks follwed by six weeks Itraconazole. Conclusions Lessons learnt in this case of IA in an atypical patient group- 1. Cultures positive with A. fumigatus in ICU have ∼50% positive predictive value for IA, and have a 40% sensitivity compared with a BAL galactomannan (∼85% sensitivity). 2. Voriconazole is a preferred primary therapy. She reported severe hair loss while on voriconazole treatment, however we were not sure if this was a direct side-effect of the drug or telogen effluvium. 3. We believe that by seeking expert opinion on appropriate antifungals and avoiding steroids in her acute phase of illness, this patient survived the IA. ER  - 
Immunomodulatory therapy in the management of paradoxical progression of tuberculomas in patients at royal free hospitalcategory: Clinical lesson; Introduction The development and progression of intracranial tuberculomas whilst on appropriate antituberculous therapy is well recognised. The reported interval between the start of antituberculous therapy and the neurological manifestations of paradoxical tuberculomas range between 10 days to 27 months. Corticosteroids are routinely used in tuberculous meningitis and in cases of tuberculomas with surrounding oedema. When maximal medical therapy with steroid and antituberculous agents have failed to control the progression of tuberculomas, other immunomodulatory agents have been tried with variable success. We report 2 cases of progression of paradoxical tuberculomas in HIV negative patients and their management with thalidomide and infliximab. Thalidomide is a Tumour Necrosis Factor α (TNF α) inhibitor and has been shown to be beneficial in animal models with some anecdotal evidence of benefit in children and adults with refractory intracranial tuberculous abscesses. Infliximab is a monoclonal antibody, which also acts to inhibit TNF α. Treatment with inflimixab is more usually associated with the development of de novo tuberculous, rather than as an adjunct in the management of paradoxical tuberculomas. Case 1: A 37 year old man presented with headaches, confusion and clinical findings of meningism. CT head showed basal enhancement, supratentorial tuberculomas and hydrocephalus. Fully sensitive Mycobacterium tuberculosis was cultured from CSF. He was started on 1st line antituberculous therapy, high dose dexamethasone. Ten months into antituberculous therapy he developed a right homonymous hemianopia with radiological evidence of progression of cerebral tuberculomas. He was commenced on thalidomide, which led to clinical and radiological improvement. (Images will be presented). Scientific findings Case 2: A 29 year old female presented with right arm spastic weakness. She was in the 12th month of treatment for fully sensitive tuberculous meningitis and spinal TB. MRI showed new lesions at C2/3 with cord compression and new tuberculomas around the brain stem. CSF was acellular with negative ZN stain and culture. She was commenced on high dose dexamethasone and continued 1st line antituberculous therapy. Steroid weaning resulted in neurological deterioration; tetraparesis and respiratory depression. She received pulsed methylprednisolone and infliximab. This was followed by neurological and radiological improvement of the tuberculomas. (Images will be presented). Discussion The development of paradoxical tuberculomas in patients receiving appropriate antituberculous therapy is thought to be due to an exaggerated inflammatory response in the context of immune reconstitution and changing immunological milieu following antituberculous therapy. We found the adjunctive use of thalidomide and infliximab to be beneficial in patients with paradoxical tuberculomas, causing severe neurological compromise. Only anecdotal reports of the benefit of both these drugs in this clinical scenario have been published with no large trials. One randomised controlled trial on thalidomide used in children was discontinued due to serious adverse effects and deaths in the treatment arm. Conclusions There may be a role for immunomodulatory agents in the management of paradoxical tuberculomas in patients who have received maximal medical therapy with high dose steroids and appropriate antituberculous agents. The use of immunomodulatory agents should be considered and may be of benefit as an adjunct to corticosteroids if clinical or radiological improvement has not occurred following maximal medical therapy, if there is on-going clinical deterioration or if there is critical neurological deficit or loss of vision. Further research into the use immunomodulatory agents in management of paradoxical tuberculomas is called for. ER  - 
Omega-3 fatty acids as adjunctive of antidepressant therapy and its effects on brain-derived neurotrophic factor in serum, monocytes and lymphocytes; Stress is associated with a decreased expression of brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) in the hippocampus. Antidepressants and omega-3 fatty acids might increase circulating BDNF. This research was done to evaluate, in major depression patients, the possible differences in clinical response to an antidepressant alone or in combination with eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and their influence on BDNF levels. Nineteen patients were diagnosed according to DSMIV-TR criteria; severity and response was evaluated by Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D). Control group was composed of 15 healthy subjects. Patients were randomized on a double-blind basis in two groups: one received fluoxetine 20 mg/day and EPA 3,000 mg/day, and the other one fluoxetine 20 mg/day and placebo, during 8 weeks. Blood samples were taken for obtaining serum and for isolating monocytes and lymphocytes at weeks 0 and 8. Ten patients dropped out for different causes. Of the remaining 9 subjects, 4 received EPA and 5 got placebo. In both groups there was a reduction ≥ 50% in the HAM-D and a significant decrease in absolute values of HAM-D in the EPA group. Serum BDNF before treatment was significantly lower in patients than in controls. The percentage of mononuclear cells expressing BDNF was lower in patients, and it was significantly increased after the treatments. EPA seems to augment the clinical response. In depressed, after treatment, there was a lower content of serum BDNF. Moreover, mononuclear cells with BDNF, which were lower in this group of depressed, increased after the treatments, indicating that in cells the modulation of BDNF by antidepressants is more evident. ER  - 
Depressive symptoms are associated with higher levels of inflammatory biomarkers in patients with heart failure; Background: Depressive symptoms independently predict mortality and morbidity in patients with heart failure (HF). Inflammation may be a mechanistic link between depressive symptoms and poor outcomes, but few researchers have reported inflammation levels among HF patients with and without depressive symptoms. Purpose: To compare levels of inflammatory biomarkers between HF patients with and without depressive symptoms. Methods: We analyzed data from 476 outpatients enrolled in a multicenter HF registry (33% female, 61.5 ± 11.5 yrs, 44% NYHA Class III/IV) who had data on depressive symptoms and inflammation. Depressive symptoms were measured with the Beck Depression Inventory-II; scores >13 indicate depressive symptoms. Serum C-reactive protein (CRP), uric acid, cytokines (interleukin [IL] 1RA, 2, 4, 6, 8, 10), tumor necrosis alpha (TNFα), and soluble receptors sTNFR1 and sTNFR2 were measured with enzyme immunoassay. Biomarker data were log-transformed prior to use of independent sample t-tests or analyzed using the non-parametric Mann Whitney U test. Chi-square tests were used to compare the proportion of patients with and without depressive symptoms who have biomarker levels above the median and 75th percentile. Results: Twenty-seven percent (n = 124) had depressive symptoms. Patients with depressive symptoms had higher median levels of CRP (3.7 [25th percentile = 1.7, 75th percentile = 9.3] vs. 2.3 [1.2, 5.4], p = .005) and higher median levels of anti-inflammatory IL-10 (5.7 [1.5, 11.5] vs. 3.4 [.53, 8.2], p = .02) compared to patients without depressive symptoms. Patients with depressive symptoms had a higher proportion above the median level for CRP (66% vs. 44%, p = .001), as well as a higher proportion of patients above the 75th percentile for sTNFR2 (32% vs. 23%, p = .03) and IL-10 (35% vs. 21%, p = .03). No other biomarker levels differed between the two groups. Conclusions: Patients with HF and depressive symptoms have higher levels of inflammation as measured with CRP and sTNFR2, which may explain why they also have higher levels of anti-inflammatory cytokine IL-10. These data suggest that inflammation may mediate the relationship between depressive symptoms and poor outcomes in patients with HF; however, future research is needed to confirm this. ER  - 
The older people, omega-3, and cognitive health (EPOCH) trial design and methodology: A randomised, double-blind, controlled trial investigating the effect of long-chain omega-3 fatty acids on cognitive ageing and wellbeing in cognitively healthy older adults; Background: Some studies have suggested an association between omega-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 LC PUFAs) and better cognitive outcomes in older adults. To date, only two randomised, controlled trials have assessed the effect of n-3 LC PUFA supplementation on cognitive function in older cognitively healthy populations. Of these trials only one found a benefit, in the subgroup carrying the ApoE-4 allele. The benefits of n-3 LC PUFA supplementation on cognitive function in older normal populations thus still remain unclear. The main objective of the current study was to provide a comprehensive assessment of the potential of n-3 LC PUFAs to slow cognitive decline in normal elderly people, and included ApoE-4 allele carriage as a potential moderating factor. The detailed methodology of the trial is reported herein. Methods. The study was a parallel, 18-month, randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled intervention with assessment at baseline and repeated 6-monthly. Participants (N = 391, 53.7% female) aged 65-90 years, English-speaking and with normal cognitive function, were recruited from metropolitan Adelaide, South Australia. Participants in the intervention arm received capsules containing fish-oil at a daily dosage of 1720 mg of docosahexaenoic acid and 600 mg of eicosapentaenoic acid while the placebo arm received the equivalent amount of olive oil in their capsules. The primary outcome is rate of change in cognitive performance, as measured by latent variables for the cognitive constructs (encompassing Reasoning, Working Memory, Short-term Memory, Retrieval Fluency, Inhibition, Simple and Choice-Reaction Time, Perceptual Speed, Odd-man-out Reaction Time, Speed of Memory Scanning, and Psychomotor Speed) and assessed by latent growth curve modeling. Secondary outcomes are change in the Mini-mental State Examination, functional capacity and well-being (including health status, depression, mood, and self-report cognitive functioning), blood pressure, and biomarkers of n-3 LC PUFA status, glucose, lipid metabolism, inflammation, oxidative stress, and DNA damage. Trial registration. Australia and New Zealand Clinical Trials Register (ANZCTR): ACTRN12607000278437. © 2011 Danthiir et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Risk of bleeding associated with combined use of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors and antiplatelet therapy following acute myocardial infarction; Background: Patients prescribed antiplatelet treatment to prevent recurrent acute myocardial infarction are often also given a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) to treat coexisting depression. Use of either treatment may in crease the risk of bleeding. We assessed the risk of bleeding among patients taking both medications following acute myocardial infarction. Methods: We conducted a retrospective co hort study using hospital discharge abstracts, physician billing information, medication re imbursement claims and demographic data from provincial health services administrative databases. We in cluded patients 50 years of age or older who were discharged from hospital with anti-platelet therapy following acute myocardial infarction be tween January 1998 and March 2007. Patients were followed until admission to hospital due to a bleeding episode, admission to hospital due to recurrent acute myocardial infarction, death or the end of the study period. Results: The 27 058 patients in the cohort re - ceived the following medications at discharge: acetylsalicylic acid (ASA) (n = 14 426); clopidogrel (n = 2467), ASA and clopidogrel (n = 9475); ASA and an SSRI (n = 406); ASA, clopidogrel and an SSRI (n = 239); or clopidogrel and an SSRI (n = 45). Compared with ASA use alone, the combined use of an SSRI with antiplatelet therapy was associated with an increased risk of bleeding (ASA and SSRI: hazard ratio [HR] 1.42, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.08-1.87; ASA, clopidogrel and SSRI: HR 2.35, 95% CI 1.61-3.42). Compared with dual antiplatelet therapy alone (ASA and clopidogrel), combined use of an SSRI and dual antiplatelet therapy was associated with an increased risk of bleeding (HR 1.57, 95% CI 1.07-2.32). Interpretation: Patients taking an SSRI to - gether with ASA or dual antiplatelet therapy following acute myocardial infarction were at increased risk of bleeding. © 2011 Canadian Medical Association or its licensors. ER  - 
Origin and consequences of brain Toll-like receptor 4 pathway stimulation in an experimental model of depression; Background: There is a pressing need to identify novel pathophysiological pathways relevant to depression that can help to reveal targets for the development of new medications. Toll-like receptor 4 (TLR-4) has a regulatory role in the brain's response to stress. Psychological stress may compromise the intestinal barrier, and increased gastrointestinal permeability with translocation of lipopolysaccharide (LPS) from Gram-negative bacteria may play a role in the pathophysiology of major depression.Methods: Adult male Sprague-Dawley rats were subjected to chronic mild stress (CMS) or CMS+intestinal antibiotic decontamination (CMS+ATB) protocols. Levels of components of the TLR-4 signaling pathway, of LPS and of different inflammatory, oxidative/nitrosative and anti-inflammatory mediators were measured by RT-PCR, western blot and/or ELISA in brain prefrontal cortex. Behavioral despair was studied using Porsolt's test.Results: CMS increased levels of TLR-4 and its co-receptor MD-2 in brain as well as LPS and LPS-binding protein in plasma. In addition, CMS also increased interleukin (IL)-1β, COX-2, PGE2 and lipid peroxidation levels and reduced levels of the anti-inflammatory prostaglandin 15d-PGJ2 in brain tissue. Intestinal decontamination reduced brain levels of the pro-inflammatory parameters and increased 15d-PGJ2, however this did not affect depressive-like behavior induced by CMS.Conclusions: Our results suggest that LPS from bacterial translocation is responsible, at least in part, for the TLR-4 activation found in brain after CMS, which leads to release of inflammatory mediators in the CNS. The use of Gram-negative antibiotics offers a potential therapeutic approach for the adjuvant treatment of depression. © 2011 Gárate et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Omega-3 Fatty Acids and Ginger in Maternal Health: Pharmacology, Efficacy, and Safety; Dietary supplements may be used by pregnant women if they perceive them to be natural and healthy products, if they are fearful of using prescription drugs, or if they are recommended by a health care provider. Usage surveys indicate that midwives feel comfortable in recommending some herbal products to their patients. There are sufficient data from randomized controlled trials on omega-3 fatty acids and ginger that their pharmacologic properties, efficacy, and safety data for specific indications in maternal health can be evaluated. Requests for information regarding these substances are likely to be encountered by health care providers who care for pregnant women. Omega-3 fatty acids benefit gestation, infant vision, and neurodevelopment, while effects on major depression in pregnancy and postpartum depression are less clear. Ginger is efficacious for nausea and vomiting in pregnancy but is limited in its safety data. Pharmacologic properties of each supplement and pathophysiology related to each indication are reviewed. It is recommended that pregnant and lactating women be advised to take an omega-3 fatty acid supplement daily, while the recommendation to use ginger is tentative and will likely be based on each practitioner's comfort level with the safety data that are presented. © 2011 by the American College of Nurse-Midwives. ER  - 
The effect of systemic psoriasis therapies on the incidence of myocardial infarction: A cohort study; Background: Psoriasis confers an independent risk of cardiovascular disease that is likely to be related to systemic inflammation. Anti-inflammatory treatment could theoretically reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease, and initial data suggest that treatment may reduce the incidence of cardiovascular risk factors. Objectives: To determine the impact of anti-inflammatory therapy on the risk of acute myocardial infarction (MI) in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis. Methods: Cohort study using administrative and pharmacy claims data from a large U.S. insurer comparing patients with psoriasis aged ≥ 18 years receiving systemic immunomodulatory therapies (methotrexate, ciclosporin, alefacept, efalizumab, adalimumab, etancercept and infliximab) with a control group treated with ultraviolet B phototherapy that has limited systemic anti-inflammatory effects. The risk of acute MI was calculated using a proportional hazards model while controlling for sex, age, hypertension, hyperlipidaemia, diabetes and depression. Significant interaction terms were included in the final model. Results: The study group included 25 554 patients with psoriasis receiving systemic treatment or phototherapy. There was a trend towards an increased risk of MI in the systemic treatment group but not a significant difference in overall MI risk [hazard ratio (HR) 1.33, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.90-1.96]. Additionally, there was a significant interaction with age: in patients under 50 years the HR for MI if receiving systemic therapy was 0.65 (95% CI 0.32-1.34), and in patients aged 50-70 years it was 1.37 (95% CI 0.79-2.38). Conclusions: Overall, there does not appear to be a reduced risk of MI in patients with psoriasis receiving systemic therapy compared with a group undergoing phototherapy. The risk of MI may vary by age. © 2011 British Association of Dermatologists. ER  - 
Elevated macrophage migration inhibitory factor and decreased transforming growth factor-beta levels in major depression - No influence of celecoxib treatment; Objectives: The involvement of an immune process in the pathophysiology of major depression disorder (MDD) was substantiated by studies demonstrating elevated levels of proinflammatory cytokines and prostaglandin E2 (PGE2). Cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) inhibitors lead to a reduced production of PGE2 and have been shown to improve depressive symptoms. We investigated the three immune parameters macrophage migration inhibitory factor (MIF), transforming growth factor-β (TGF-β) and soluble CD14 (sCD14) in a randomized, placebo-controlled trial of the COX-2 inhibitor celecoxib as add-on therapy in patients with MDD treated with reboxetine. Methods: Thirty-two patients with depression and 20 healthy controls participated in the study. The patients were treated with reboxetine and celecoxib or placebo. Immune parameters were measured from serum at baseline, after three and five weeks using ELISA. Results: Celecoxib as add-on strategy resulted in a significant reduction of Hamilton Depression Scale scores compared to placebo. Depressed patients showed significantly elevated MIF (p < 0.001) and reduced TGF-β (p = 0.006) concentrations at baseline. There was no difference in sCD14-concentrations. There was no difference between the placebo and the celecoxib group and no change over time. Limitations: Limitations of the study are the relatively small sample size and lack of functional assessment of HPA axis in parallel. Conclusions: MIF is a promising new candidate in the neuro-immune interplay that may link depressive symptoms, altered immune state and HPA-axis dysregulation. Reduced levels of TGF-β replicate previous findings and support the importance of this regulatory cytokine in major depressive disorder. © 2011 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Omega-3 supplementation lowers inflammation and anxiety in medical students: A randomized controlled trial; Observational studies have linked lower omega-3 (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and higher omega-6 (n-6) PUFAs with inflammation and depression, but randomized controlled trial (RCT) data have been mixed. To determine whether n-3 decreases proinflammatory cytokine production and depressive and anxiety symptoms in healthy young adults, this parallel group, placebo-controlled, double-blind 12-week RCT compared n-3 supplementation with placebo. The participants, 68 medical students, provided serial blood samples during lower-stress periods as well as on days before an exam. The students received either n-3 (2.5. g/d, 2085. mg eicosapentaenoic acid and 348. mg docosahexanoic acid) or placebo capsules that mirrored the proportions of fatty acids in the typical American diet. Compared to controls, those students who received n-3 showed a 14% decrease in lipopolysaccharide (LPS) stimulated interleukin 6 (IL-6) production and a 20% reduction in anxiety symptoms, without significant change in depressive symptoms. Individuals differ in absorption and metabolism of n-3 PUFA supplements, as well as in adherence; accordingly, planned secondary analyses that used the plasma n-6:. n-3 ratio in place of treatment group showed that decreasing n-6:. n-3 ratios led to lower anxiety and reductions in stimulated IL-6 and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-α) production, as well as marginal differences in serum TNF-α. These data suggest that n-3 supplementation can reduce inflammation and anxiety even among healthy young adults. The reduction in anxiety symptoms associated with n-3 supplementation provides the first evidence that n-3 may have potential anxiolytic benefits for individuals without an anxiety disorder diagnosis. ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT00519779. © 2011 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
CSPT 2011 Annual Conference; The proceedings contain 83 papers. The topics discussed include: effect of human equilibrative nucleoside transporter 1 (hENT1) expression on adenosine production from neurons; validation of the novel in vitro platelet toxicity assay (iPTA) for the diagnosis of drug hypersensitivity reactions; role of efflux transporter P-glycoprotein (MDR1) in rivaroxaban drug disposition; limited placental transfer of 6-mercaptopurine is mediated by tissue binding and not active transport; ncidence of central nervous system (CNS) depression of neonates breastfed by mothers receiving oxycodone for postpartum analgesia; effects of chronic renal failure on brain drug transporters in rats; repeated ethanol exposure of fetal sheep in late gestation and fatty acid ethyl esters in meconium; and thiopurine methyltransferase and inosine triphosphate pyrophosphohydrolase genotypes among patients with inflammatory bowel disease treated with azathioprine. ER  - 
Highly purified eicosapentaenoic acid improves cerebral vasomotor-reactivity in patients with chronic cerebral ischemia; Background: Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) was reported to significantly reduce the recurrence of stroke in a cohort of hypercholesterolemic Japanese patients receiving lowdose statin therapy. We measured the cerebral blood flow to assess how EPA contributes to decreasing the incidence of recurrent stroke in patients with chronic cerebral ischemia. Methods: Eight patients (mean age 64 ± 10.3 years) with chronic cerebral ischemia were administrated 1800 mg of EPA daily. At entry into the study and 3 months later we measured the patients' serum level of fatty acids, assessed their depressive state using the Japan Stroke Scale-Depression Scale (JSS-D), and determined the cerebral blood flow (CBF) at rest and after acetazolamide challenge. Lastly, we calculated cerebral vasomotor reactivity (CVR). Results: After 3 months of EPA administration serum EPA and the EPA/arachidonic acid ratio were significantly increased (p=0.002 and p=0.003, respectively). Comparison of the pre- and post-administration JSS-D showed that depression tended to be ameliorated. At 3 months CVR (%) was significantly increased in the left occipital- (p = 0.004) and right tempore-parietal cortex (p=0.043). Comparison of the EPA concentration and CVR (%) at entry and after 3-month treatment revealed a positive correlation in the left occipital- (r=0.512, p=0.043) and right temporo-parietal cortex (r=0.552, p=0.02). Conclusion: In patients treated with EPA, the significant increase in CVR (%) in the left occipital- and right temporo-parietal cortex correlated with the increase in the plasma EPA level and depression amelioration. Our findings suggest that EPA contributes to amelioration of cerebral artery remodeling in patients with chronic cerebral ischemia and inhibits its recurrence. ER  - 
A case of Goodpasture syndrome positive for anti-GBM antibody and MPO-ANCA complicated by a variety of serious infections; A 62-year-old female was admitted to our hospital for investigation of acute progressive renal insufficiency and a systemic inflammatory reaction, despite treatment with several antibiotics. Laboratory data revealed severe renal insufficiency and positive titers for the myeloperoxidase antineutrophil cytoplasmic and anti-glomerular basement membrane antibodies. The deterioration of her general status did not allow us to perform the renal biopsy. Although corticosteroid therapy, hemodialysis, and plasma exchange were concomitantly initiated, pulmonary hemorrhage occurred several days after admission. Mechanical ventilation support was provided and continuous hemodiafiltration was carried out, following which the respiratory failure improved immediately. However, she developed clinical depression and suicidal behavior under the intensive therapy. Therefore, plasma exchange was discontinued and corticosteroid was tapered as quickly as possible. Four months after admission, platelet transfusion and short-term mechanical ventilation support improved the pulmonary hemorrhage; however, her mental status deteriorated despite psychiatric consultation and treatment with a tranquilizer. Thereafter, severe and serious systemic infection due to various pathogens including Staphylococcus aureus, Cytomegalovirus, Pneumocystis jiroveci, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, and Bacteroides recurred, and she died from systemic invasive aspergillosis (IA). We suspected severe immunosuppression caused by various factors, such as predonisolone administration, chronic renal failure on maintenance hemodialysis, depression, and malnutrition due to chronic inflammation and granulocytopenia as a side effect of ganciclovir. When treating rapidly progressive glomerulonephritis, immunosuppressive status should be carefully monitored regarding not only the dosage of therapeutic regimen but also the mental health status and nutrition of the patient. © 2011 Dustri-Verlag Dr. K. Feistle. ER  - 
Neuraxial morphine and respiratory depression: Finding the right balance; Morphine is a drug commonly administered via the epidural or intrathecal route, and is regarded by many as the 'gold-standard' single-dose neuraxial opioid due to its postoperative analgesic efficacy and prolonged duration of action. However, respiratory depression is a recognized side effect of neuraxial morphine administered in the perioperative setting. We conducted an extensive review of articles published since 1945 that examine respiratory depression or failure associated with perioperative intrathecal or epidural morphine use. Respiratory depression was previously thought to result from the interaction of opioid in the cerebrospinal fluid with ventral medullary opioid receptors. More recently, the preBtzinger complex located in the medulla has been identified as the site responsible for the decrease in respiratory rate following systemic administration of opioids. Neurons in the preBtzinger complex expressing neurokinin-1 receptors are selectively inhibited by opioids, and therefore are the mediators of opioid-induced respiratory depression. Epidural, intrathecal and plasma pharmacokinetics of opioids are complex, vary between neuraxial compartments, and can even differ within the epidural space itself depending upon level of insertion. Caution should be exercised when prescribing systemic opioids (intravenous or oral) in addition to neuraxial morphine as this can compound the potential for early or delayed respiratory depression. There is a wide range of incidences for respiratory depression following neuraxial morphine in a perioperative setting. Disparity of definitions used for the diagnosis of respiratory depression in the literature precludes identification of the exact incidence of this rare event. The optimal neuraxial opioid dose is a balance between the conflicting demands of providing optimal analgesia while minimizing dose-related adverse effects. Dose-response studies show that neuraxial morphine appears to have an analgesic efficacy 'ceiling'. The optimal 'single-shot' intrathecal dose appears to be 0.0750.15mg and the ideal 'single-shot' epidural morphine dose is 2.53.75mg. Analgesic efficacy studies have not been adequately powered to show differences in the incidence of clinically significant respiratory depression. Opioid antagonists such as naloxone to prevent or treat opioid-induced respiratory depression have a number of limitations. Researchers have recently focused on non-opioid drugs such as serotonin receptor agonists. Early evidence suggests that ampakine (α-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4- isoxazole-propionic acid AMPA) receptor modulators may be effective at reducing opioid-induced respiratory depression while maintaining analgesia. Sodiumproton exchanger type 3 (NHE3) inhibitors, which act centrally on respiratory pathways, also warrant further study. © 2011 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Towards a multimodal treatment of depression: A minireview on the potential role of antibiotics; In regard of increasing rates of post-stroke mood disorders and evidences of a neuroprotective effect of antibiotics after cerebral ischemia we have reviewed the clinical relevance of the neuroprotective and mood stabilizing effects of antibiotics in the light of the basic pathophsiology of depression. © 2011 Bentham Science Publishers. ER  - 
Preconception counseling: Rational, practice and challenges; Preconception counseling (PCC) is aimed at identifying and modifying risks related to maternal health and pregnancy outcome, prior to pregnancy. The main components of PCC include: maternal risk assessment, maternal education, and initiation of interventions. It is an opportunity to provide essential information regarding pregnancy, possible risks and available management options. At times, PCC provides a unique "time window" for an intervention, prior to the pregnancy, which may reduce maternal and fetal risks. Specific maternal populations may benefit from PCC more than others with regard to optimizing pregnancy outcome. Although PCC has been recommended for years as standard of care, most providers do not offer it and most consumers do not ask for it. The present review discusses the essence of preconception counseling and the evidence for its effectiveness. In addition, specific topics are reviewed in depth including folic acid supplementation, obesity, depression, seizure disorders, and drug therapy during pregnancy. ER  - 
Activated microglia decrease histone acetylation and Nrf2-inducible anti-oxidant defence in astrocytes: Restoring effects of inhibitors of HDACs, p38 MAPK and GSK3β; Histone deacetylase (HDAC) inhibitors have promising neuroprotective and anti-inflammatory properties although the exact mechanisms are unclear. We have earlier showed that factors from lipopolysaccharide (LPS)-activated microglia can down-regulate the astroglial nuclear factor-erythroid 2-related factor 2 (Nrf2)-inducible anti-oxidant defence. Here we have evaluated whether histone modification and activation of GSK3β are involved in these negative effects of microglia. Microglia were cultured for 24h in serum-free culture medium to achieve microglia-conditioned medium from non-activated cells (MCM0) or activated with 10ng/mL of LPS to produce MCM10. Astrocyte-rich cultures treated with MCM10 showed a time-dependent (0-72h) increase in astroglial HDAC activity that correlated with lower levels of acetylation of histones H3 and H4 and decreased levels of the transcription factor Nrf2 and γ-glutamyl cysteine ligase modulatory subunit (γGCL-M) protein levels. The HDAC inhibitors valproic acid (VPA) and trichostatin-A (TSA) elevated the histone acetylation levels, restored the Nrf2-inducible anti-oxidant defence and conferred protection from oxidative stress-induced (H2O2) death in astrocyte-rich cultures exposed to MCM10. Inhibitors of GSK3β (lithium) and p38 MAPK (SB203580) signaling pathways restored the depressed histone acetylation and Nrf2-related transcription whereas an inhibitor of Akt (Ly294002) caused a further decrease in Nrf2-related transcription. In conclusion, the study shows that well tolerated drugs such as VPA and lithium can restore an inflammatory induced depression in the Nrf2-inducible antioxidant defence, possibly via normalised histone acetylation levels. © 2011 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Relationship between chronic stress and calcium oxalate stone: Differences between first time (FS) and recurrent stone (RS) formers; Introduction and Objectives: Chronic emotional stress is associated with high cortisol release and metabolism disorders like hypertension, high blood glucose level or increase of metabolic syndrome. Although acute stress is associated with an altered urinary composition that promotes calcium oxalate stones, no studies have evaluated the influence of chronic stress on this kind of stone and its recurrence. Material and Methods: A total of 128 patients were enrolled in this case-control study over a period of 20 months. All the cases were calcium oxalate stone formers with a recent stone episode (<3 months); 31 were FS and 33 RS formers. Controls were matched by sex and age. The absence of stone in controls was confirmed by clinical history and by ultrasound examination of the kidneys. All dimensions of chronic stress were evaluated in all patients by self-reported validated questionnaires measuring stressful life events, perceived stress, anxiety, depression, burnout and satisfaction with life. An ad hoc self-reported questionnaire was designed to evaluate stress related to stone episodes in cases. Blood and eight-hour urine samples were collected to determine cortisol levels and urinary composition. In addition, epidemiological data, socioeconomic aspects, diet and incidences of metabolic syndrome was reported. Results: There was no significant difference between cases (64) and controls (64) in any of the individual questionnaires evaluating each dimension of chronic stress. 43% of FS formers and 56% of RS formers were male, and median age was 46 (20-74) and 47 (26-70) years, respectively. The number of stressful life events (p < 0.001) and the intensity of perceived stressful live events (p < 0.001) were significantly higher in RS than in FS patients. In contrast, there was no difference between the two groups in perceived stress, stress related to stone episodes, anxiety, depression, burnout, or satisfaction with life. Higher glucose (p < 0.1), uric acid (p < 0.05), blood cortisol (p < 0.05), and urine calcium levels (p < 0.05) were observed in RS than in FS. Low economic levels and incidences of metabolic syndrome were higher in RS patients (p < 0.05, p < 0.05). Conclusions: Despite the limited number of patients included in this study, increased stressful life events and intensity of perceived events were observed in RS in comparision to FS. These differences correlate with certain blood and urinary changes and with metabolic disorders, which may represent a potential mechanism relating chronic stress and risk of recurrence. ER  - 
Adherence to airway clearance therapy among adults with cystic fibrosis; There have been longstanding concerns about adherence among cystic fibrosis patients, in view of the highly demanding treatment regimens that these individuals must manage. Adherence to airway clearance procedures has been particularly problematic. Compared with research on children with cystic fibrosis, however, fewer studies have focused on adherence among adults. This study examined levels of self-reported adherence among patients in a cystic fibrosis clinic serving a rural Southern state. Participants were adults (18 years and older), average age was 27.5, and mean household income was modest. Adherence to airway clearance was assessed with items from two validated instruments, the Cystic Fibrosis Treatment Questionnaire and the Medication Adherence Report Scale. Only 38.1% of participants reported being fully adherent to airway clearance therapy in the past month, and an additional 14.3% indicated that they had missed no more than two chest treatments per week. Better adherence (as a continuous variable) was significantly related to greater number of hospitalizations within the past year (p = .04), and need for home intravenous antibiotics within the past year (p = 04). It was marginally associated with poorer pulmonary function (FEV1% predicted: r = -.27, p = .08), greater depression (r = .29, p = .07), and increased illness-related stress (r = .27, p = .08). Results highlight pronounced difficulties with adherence among adults with cystic fibrosis, and tentatively suggest that those who are struggling more sometimes might experience greater motivation for self-care. Attaining a more sophisticated understanding of adherence to airway clearance remains an important priority for further research. ER  - 
Pain assessment in children and adolescents with cystic fibrosis: Utilizing an online pain diary; Purpose/Background: Cystic fibrosis (CF) is a progressive disease affecting multiple organ systems including the lungs, pancreas and digestive. Currently, the treatment regimen is palliative and requires multiple medications and treatments, averaging 2-4 hours per day. Pain is a significant, but an under-studied complication of CF and may be related to disease progression, which can include chronic pulmonary infections, reduced lung function, and increased treatments, such as airway clearance and intravenous antibiotics. Although pain symptoms are a significant problem for children and adolescents with CF, there is little data on the frequency, intensity and location of their pain. The purpose of the current study is to systematically measure different aspects of pain and examine its relationship to adherence, depression, anxiety and health-related quality of life (HRQoL). Methods: The current study is part of an ongoing multi-center NIH SBIR Phase II randomized, controlled trial. Enrollment is open, with a projected sample size of 150 participants ages 11-20. Participants complete a battery of measures during clinic visits including assessment of pain, HRQoL, adherence to prescribed medications, and symptoms of anxiety and depression. Participants also complete an online pain diary for the six days following their clinic visit that assesses pain location, duration, intensity, affective ratings, and coping response. Data on two sibling participants were analyzed to illustrate the variations in pain experience among patients with CF. Results: Patient A (18 year-old Hispanic female) and Patient B (19 year-old Hispanic female) were seen at a CF clinic in South Florida and completed all measures including the online pain diary. Lung function was similar for both patients, at under FEV1% predicted of 70. Patient A reported no pain at the clinic visit and for the 6 subsequent days. In contrast, Patient B reported pain during her clinic visit and for 2 of the 6 days following her visit. Patient B's pain occurred in the stomach and was related to a gastrostomy tube. Mean pain duration lasted one hour. Affective ratings of pain included “aching” and “pressure.” Patient B also reported “resting” as a means of coping with her pain. Conclusions: The current study is the first comprehensive investigation of pain in children and adolescents with CF. The results illustrate the importance of assessing pain in this population on an individual basis. Two patients who were similar in age, gender, and lung function were compared, with data suggesting their pain experience was quite different. Although providers may assume that discomfort is “temporary,” it is clear that pain is a serious enduring challenge for these patients. Recent studies have alluded to pain ratings as the “fifth vital sign,” establishing its clinical relevance for routine care. In order to gain a better understanding of pain in this population, future analyses will include a larger sample with descriptive statistics assessing pain location, duration, frequency, and affective ratings. These results will be informative, both for assessment and treatment of pain in CF. ER  - 
A case of mycobacterium avium complex cholangiopathy; Purpose: AIDS cholangiopathy occurs due to billiary obstruction from infection-related strictures of the biliary tree. The organism most commonly implicated is Cryptosporidium parvum. Mycobacterium avium complex (MAC) is a rare cause of AIDS cholangiopathy. Disseminated MAC occurs almost exclusively in AIDS patients with a low CD4 count and is characterized by bacteremia and infection of multiple organs. Ultrasound abdomen showing thickened gallbladder wall. Methods: We present a 25-year-old African American male who presented with generalized body pain and headache for 3 months and loose, bloody stools for 1 month. His medical history was significant for depression and AIDS diagnosed 6 years previously with a CD4 count of 2. He had been non compliant with highly active anti retroviral therapy (HAART) which he stopped completely a year previously. Review of systems was significant for pruritus, weight loss of 42 pounds over 6 months, fever, dysphagia, odynophagia, and nonproductive cough. He denied having any nausea, vomiting or abdominal pain. At the time of admission he had tachycardia and was febrile with a temperature of 102 degrees Fahrenheit. He was catechetic with icterus, dry mucous membranes and oral thrush. Abdomen was soft, with no distension or tenderness and normal active bowel sounds. Rectal examination was painful and showed brown stool without blood on the examining finger. Results: Laboratory data was significant for leucopenia and anemia with a total billirubin of 5.4 and direct billirubin of 3.5. Alkaline phosphatase was 732, AST 434, ALT 93 and albumin 2.3. Broad spectrum antibiotics and Nystatin swish and swallow were initiated. Ultrasound of the abdomen showed mild hepatomegaly and probable fatty liver infiltrate but no biliary dilatation. Chest x-ray was normal and blood and urine cultures drawn at admission showed no growth. Stool studies for ova and parasites, acid-fast stain for isospora and microspora, cytomegallovirus IgG and IgM and hepatitis panel were negative. Clostridium dificile toxin was detected and patient was started on metronidazole. However, he continued to have a fever and alkaline phosphatase increased to 1300, thus he had magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatography (MRCP) followed by endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography (ERCP) with stent placement and biliary sphincterotomy for a distal bile duct stricture. His blood cultures for Mycobacterium avium complex (MAC) was positive and he was treated with rifampin, azithromycin and ethambutol with subsequent clinical and biochemical improvement. Conclusion: This is an unusual presentation of disseminated MAC in a severely immunocompromised patient. In AIDS patients MAC presents as extrapulmonary and disseminated infection. A high index of suspicion is needed to make the diagnosis. ER  - 
Yet another reason to forget pills - A case of pill-induced recurrent diverticulitis; Purpose: Case: We report a case of a 34 year old female with h/o recurrent abdominal pain presented with c/o LLQ pain associated with nausea and night sweats. She stated pain was similar to the diverticulitis pain which she had before. She denied any other complaints. PMHx is significant for depression for which she takes Zoloft and recurrent diverticulitis. She drinks alcohol socially and smokes a pack a day. She was afebrile and vitals stable during presentation. CBC, BMP, LFT were within normal limits. CT showed acutely inflamed diverticulum and a linear foreign body most probably a pill within and left sided ovarian cyst. Surgery and OBGYN consult were obtained and both suggested conservative management with iv fluids with antibiotics and f/u as outpatient. Patient did well with conservative management and was discharged the next day. She was advised to get a CT of abdomen as outpatient and see surgery of the foreign body persists. CT done after 10 days showed foreign body in the same region but she was lost to follow up. Discussion: Acute Diverticulitis is the most common colon emergency for the acute care surgeon. Since the incidence of diverticulosis is high in western population, diverticulitis in very common and is one of the leading causes for ER visits. While most cases are due to obstruction due to fecolith, clinician should be aware of other causes of diverticulitis like foreign bodies particularly in the setting of recurrent disease. ER  - 
Can minocycline reverse morphineinduced respiratory depression in obstructive sleep apnea patients?; Background: Recent animal studies suggest that the antibiotic minocycline reverses morphine-induced respiratory depression, while enhancing morphine-induced analgesia. We conducted a proof of concept double-blind, cross-over, placebo-controlled clinical trial, testing this combination of drugs on mild to moderate obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) patients. Methods: After a screening polysomnography (PSG) study, 10 OSA patients underwent 2 overnight PSG sleep studies separated by an interval of at least 1 week. The patients took a 3 day course of either active or placebo minocycline (100 mg twice a day), in random order, before the two PSG studies. They also took 30 mg oral control-release morphine 4 hrs before the start of each PSG study. Ventilatory chemoreflexes were tested just before sleep. Results: Compared to baseline, the administration of 30 mg morphine alone did not cause significant respiratory depression in all key PSG parameters (all p > 0.05). However, compared to the use of morphine alone, the combination use of morphine and minocycline tended to have worse mean SpO2 nadir (83.5 ± 7.3 vs 78.9 ± 8.6 SD%, p=0.13) and sleep time with SpO2 < 90% (6.5 ± 6.9 vs 13.7 ± 16.3 SD mins, p=0.12). Mean heart rate was also reduced during awake (73.0 ± 16.4 vs 62.9 ± 15.4 SD/min, p=0.06), during non-REM sleep (57.6 ± 9.1 vs 53.2 ± 8.1 SD/min, p=0.088) and during REM sleep (62.1 ± 9.6 vs 57.1 ± 8.0 SD/min, p=0.1). Compared to baseline, mean central chemosensitivity was reduced either using morphine alone or in combination with minocycline (2.2 ± 1.3 vs 1.5 ± 0.8 SD, 2.2 ± 1.3 vs 1.4 ± 0.5 SD, l/min/mmHg; p=0.18, p=0.09). Basal minute ventilation was particularly reduced with the combination minocycline (10.4 ± 3.6 vs 12.6 ± 5.3 SD l/min baseline, p=0.02; 10.4 ± 3.6 vs 12.1 ± 4.3 SD l/min morphine alone, p=0.1). Conclusion: A clinically significant protective effect of minocycline on opiate-induced respiratory depression is unlikely. Conversely, the majority of outcomes tested show a trend towards greater respiratory depression with the addition of minocycline. ER  - 
Quantification of 21 antidepressant and 11 antipsychotic drugs along with their active metabolites by LC-MS/MS with automated on-line sample preparation; Mental disorders such as depression or schizophrenia are abundant in the western world. Therefore a simple and reliable LC-MS/MS method for therapeutic drug monitoring was developed and validated. To 200 μ l of serum, 20 μ l of a 25 % vitamin C solution as well as 30 μ l of an internal standard solution were added. After centrifugation, the supernatant was transferred into an autosampler vial. Extraction was performed online using a Cyclone turbulent flow column (Thermo Fisher Scientific, Switzerland) and an Interchim C18 column (Interchim, France) for the analytical separation. The mobile phases consisted of ammonium acetate, acetonitrile, methanol and formic acid. The analytes were separated into 4 different runs according to their chemical properties. For runs 1, 2 and 3, APCI was used for the ionization, whereas in run 4, HESI was used. All analytes were detected in positive mode on a triple stage quadrupole MS (TSQ Quantum Access Max, Thermo Fisher Scientific, Switzerland) in the SRM mode. The method was linear in the range of 1-50 μ g/l (flupenthixol, fluphenazine), 5-250 μ g/l (duloxetine, norsertraline, reboxetine, sertindole, sertraline, zuclopenthixol), 10-500 μ g/l (amisulpride, clomipramine, chlorpromazine, chlorprothixene, clotiapine, desipramine, desmethyltrimipramine, dibenzepin, doxepin, imipramine, levomepromazine, mCPP, maprotiline, mianserine, nordoxepin, nortriptyline, opipramol, pipamperon, promazine, trimipramine) and 50-2500 μ g/l (amitriptyline, desmethylclomipramine, moclobemide, trazodone), according to their therapeutic range. Within-day and between-day precision was < 9.47 % for all analytes and the respective accuracy was in the range of 90.5-109 % . No matrix effects could be detected and the variation of the recovery was < 15 % between the 3 tested concentrations. A simple and accurate LC-MS/MS method was developed and validated for the quantification of 32 antidepressant and antipsychotic drugs. ER  - 
Can minocycline reverse morphine-induced respiratory depression in obstructive sleep apnea patients?; Background: Recent animal studies suggest that the antibiotic minocycline reverses morphine-induced respiratory depression, while enhancing morphine-induced analgesia. We conducted a proof of concept double-blind, cross-over, placebo-controlled clinical trial, testing this combination of drugs on mild to moderate obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) patients. Methods: After a screening polysomnography (PSG) study, 10 OSA patients underwent two overnight PSG sleep studies separated by an interval of at least 1 week. The patients took a 3 day course of either active or placebo minocycline (100 mg twice a day), in random order, before the two PSG studies. They also took 30 mg oral control-release morphine 4 h before the start of each PSG study. Ventilatory chemoreflexes were tested just before sleep. Results: Compared to baseline, the administration of 30 mg morphine alone did not cause significant respiratory depression in all key PSG parameters (all P > 0.05). However, compared to the use of morphine alone, the combination use of morphine and minocycline tended to have worse mean SpO2 nadir (83.5 ± 7.3 versus 78.9 ± 8.6 SD%, P = 0.13) and sleep time with SpO2 < 90% (6.5 ± 6.9 versus 13.7 ± 16.3 SD mins, P = 0.12). Mean heart rate was also reduced during awake (73.0 ± 16.4 versus 62.9 ± 15.4 SDmin-1, P = 0.06), during non-REM sleep (57.6 ± 9.1 versus 53.2 ± 8.1 SDmin-1, P = 0.088) and during REM sleep (62.1 ± 9.6 versus 57.1 ± 8.0 SD min)1, P = 0.1). Compared to baseline, mean central chemosensitivity was reduced either using morphine alone or in combination with minocycline (2.2 ± 1.3 versus 1.5 ± 0.8 SD, 2.2 ± 1.3 versus 1.4 ± 0.5 SD Lmin-1 mmHg)1; P = 0.18, P = 0.09). Basal minute ventilation was particularly reduced with the combination minocycline (10.4 ± 3.6 versus 12.6 ± 5.3 SD Lmin-1 baseline, P = 0.02; 10.4 ± 3.6 versus 12.1 ± 4.3 SD Lmin-1 morphine alone, P = 0.1). Conclusion: A clinically significant protective effect of minocycline on opiate-induced respiratory depression is unlikely. Conversely, the majority of outcomes tested show a trend towards greater respiratory depression with the addition of minocycline. ER  - 
Modulation of serotonin neurotransmission by indirect stimulation of endocannabinoid system: A possible role in depression; It has been described that FAAH (fatty acid amine hydrolase) inhibitors exhibit antidepressant-like effects. The therapeutic effects of antidepressant drugs might be related to adaptive changes in the elements of serotonergic neurotransmission, including 5-HT1A receptors or serotonin transporter. The aim of this study was to extend our knowledge on the crosstalk mechanisms between endocannabinoid and serotonergic systems and their implication in depression. Male mice were treated with vehicle (1% DMSO i.p.), fluoxetine (160 mg/l p.o.), URB597 (0.3 mg/ kg i.p.) and their combination during 28 days and the experiments were carried out 24 h later. The density of serotonin transporter decreased in dorsal raphe nucleus (DRN) as well as in the projection areas of 5-HT neurotransmission after chronic fluoxetine whereas URB579 did not have significant effect. In the DRN, all treatments decrease the efficacy of 8- OH-DPAT-induced stimulation (red = 62.3% for fluoxetine) (red = 35.6% for URB597) of [35S]GTPcS binding without changes in 5-HT1A receptor density. To confirm the desensitization of 5-HT1A autoreceptors we also investigated the 8-OH-DPAT-induced hypothermia. Chronic fluoxetine (red = 65.4%) and its association with URB597 attenuated 8-OH-DPAT-induced hypothermia; however URB597 (red = 15.4%) administration only partially reversed this effect. Our data indicate that chronic URB597 induces some neurochemical adaptative changes in serotonin neurotransmission similar to those found with fluoxetine. However, the combination of the FAAH inhibitor with the antidepressant does not result in a potentiation of the response, at least in this experimental approach. ER  - 
Postmortem diagnosis of intravascular lymphoma presenting as hypoxemic respiratory failure due to pulmonary arterial hypertension; INTRODUCTION: Intravascular large B-cell lymphoma (IVL) is a rare, diagnostically challenging, and usually fatal disease classified as a high-grade malignant lymphoma and characterized by proliferation of malignant cells within the lumen of small blood vessels. While IVL can involve the vasculature of any organ, primary pulmonary involvement is uncommon and secondary pulmonary arterial hypertension has only rarely been described(1,2). We present a case of fatal IVL causing hypoxemic respiratory failure and right ventricular failure due to occlusion of the pulmonary vasculature with a monoclonal B-cell population; e.g. IVL. CASE PRESENTATION: A sixty-eight year old male was evaluated at our institution with a 3 month history of progressive dyspnea, fatigue, and low grade fevers. His review of systems was positive for anorexia, 40 lb weight loss in 3 months, occasional night sweats, mild headache and depression. Physical exam revealed a grade 3/6 systolic ejection murmur. Laboratory studies were performed and significant for hemoglobin 9.6 g/dL, MCV 84.7, ESR 120 mm/hr, CRP 159 mg/L, LDH 576 U/L and Ferritin 1313ug/L. Initial concerns were for a malignant or infectious process. All cultures remained negative. The patient continued to be more dyspneic and pulmonary function test were done. This showed a nonspecific reduction in his FVC 3.38 (76%), marked reduction of his DLCO 12.5 (48%), and desaturation with exercise (87%). An echocardiogram demonstrated a bicuspid aortic valve, normal ejection fraction (63%) and pulmonary hypertension (right ventricular systolic pressure (RVSP) 41mmHg). A bone marrow biopsy, FDG PET and CT Chest were unrevealing. He was empirically treated with both antibiotics and steroids. Despite this he developed worsening hypoxia, fatigue, delirium and was readmitted to the hospital. On hospital day eight, the patient developed shock and respiratory failure and was transferred to the intensive care unit. An urgent echocardiogram was performed which demonstrated acute changes when compared to his prior echocardiogram. He had developed worsening pulmonary hypertension with a RV failure, D-shaped left ventricle and RVSP of 56mmHg (SBP 73 mmHg). A pulmonary embolism was suspected and thrombolytics were administered. The patient continued to worsen and developed multiorgan failure and died despite multiple attempts at CPR and resuscitation. Autopsy was requested and revealed diffuse intravascular large B-cell lymphoma. DISCUSSION: Intravascular large B-cell lymphoma is a rare malignant lymphoma characterized by selective growth of neoplastic cells within blood vessel lumina, particularly small vessels, e.g. capillaries. It commonly affects the vessels of the skin and central nervous system although blood vessels in other organs may be occluded(1). Due to its varied and non-specific clinical manifestations, antemortem diagnosis is often difficult. Our case of IVL was not diagnosed despite extensive outpatient evaluation and prolonged symptoms. He presented to the ICU with hypoxic respiratory failure, hemodynamic compromise and echocardiographic findings suggesting acute worsening of right heart failure which progressed despite support and resulted in his death. Post-mortem examination did not reveal PE, rather histopathologic analysis demonstrated obstruction of the pulmonary arterioles by large lymphoma cells. We conclude this was the mechanism leading to decompensated acute right heart failure and death. CONCLUSIONS: Intravascular lymphoma remains a diagnostic challenge and is commonly unrecognized pre-mortem. Preferential involvement of the lumen of the pulmonary vasculature leading to hypoxia and decompensated right heart failure is a rare presentation of a rare disease. Clinicians should consider IVL within the spectrum of etiologies of acute and subacute right heart failure/PAH in the context of systemic inflammatory illness. ER  - 
VCAM-1 promoted by leptin could be offset by adiponectin through the activation of AMPK via adipor1 receptor of VECS in 3D vessel model; Objective Observe whether there exists directly antagonistic effects of Adiponectin against Leptin in vascular cells and discover which types of receptor of HUVECs and the signalling pathways work in this process. Methods HUASMCs were suspended by I collagen and cultured in Transwell chambers. HUVECs were seeded on the surface of the collagen to finally construct a novel three-dimensional co-culture model. Then the 3D blood vessel models were divided into four groups (Leptin group, Leptin+Adiponectin group, Leptin+Losartangroup and control group). Secretion of VEGF, t-PA, NO and IL-8 form HUVECs and secretion of VCAM-1, MMP-2 and MCP-1 from HUASMCs were detected by Elisa. The level of gene transcription was measured by Real-time PCR. Expression of AdipoR1 (adiponectin receptor) or AdipoR2 of HUVECs was inhibited using RNAi technology. Changes of intracellular Ca2+in HUVEC were detected by Fluorescent probe Fluo-3Am. Changes of p-AMPK/AMPK, p-STAT3/STAT3 were tested by Western Blot. Compound C, PD98059, Okadaic acid and SB202190 were used to administrate the antagonism by Adiponectin. Results Secretion of VEGF and NO was increased by Leptin while t-PA was reduced and IL-8 was unaffected. Adding Adiponectin could increase those of t-PA and IL8 and have no effect on NO and VEGF; adding Losartan had no effect on NO, VEGF and IL-8 while increased that of t-PA (p<0.01). Leptin increased VCAM-1, MMP-2 and MCP-1. Adding Adiponectin reduced VCAM-1 and adding Losartan reduced MMP-2 and MCP-1(p<0.01). Results of Real-time PCR were the same. Receptors of HUVECs could be effectively inhibit by AdipoR1-siRNA and AdipoR2-siRNA with inhibition rates of 71.83±1.45% and 74.89±1.12% (p<0.01). The effect of Adiponectin in increasing IL-8 and reducing VCAM-1 was diminished by the depression of AdipoR1. Adiponectin increased the concentration of intracellular Ca2+of HUVECs. Western Blot showed that Leptin increased the expression of p-STAT3 and Adiponectin increased p-AMPK. The effect of Adiponectin in increasing IL-8 and reducing VCAM-1 could be inhibited by Compound C. The effect of Adiponectin in reducing VCAM-1 was partially inhibited by PD98059. Conclusion Cell growth and secretion of bioactive substances in 3D co-culture model were different from the plane culture. Crosstalk between HUVECs and HUASMCs was mediated by IL-8 and it reduced secretion and transcription of VCAM-1 via ERK pathway. By activating AdipoR1, Adiponectin increased the concentration of intracellular Ca2 +, and exerted partial anti-inflammatory effects against Leptin though the AMPK pathway. Adiponectin might also increase the secretion of IL-8 in HUVECs to reduce VCAM-1 from HUASMCs. ER  - 
Improvement of total antioxidant capacity, cortisol and anxiety levels in elderly individuals after tryptophan-enriched cereal ingestion; Introduction: Tryptophan is an essential amino acid precursor of serotonin and melatonin. These amines exert direct actions on mood, well-being, and antioxidant capacity. With aging, the levels of both serotonin and melatonin decrease. This coincides with impaired capacity to cope with stressful situations and lowered tissue levels of antioxidants. Objectives: To examine whether supplementing the diet with tryptophan may influence cortisol levels and the production of free radicals in elderly individuals. Method/Design: 40 volunteers aged 55-75 yr participated in the study. The control week participants consumed tryptophan-enriched cereals (22. 5 mg tryptophan/30 g cereals) at breakfast and dinner; the treatment week, cereals enriched with a higher dose of tryptophan (60 mg tryptophan/30 g cereals) were eaten at both breakfast and dinner; the post-treatment week volunteers consumed their usual diet. Urines at 07:00 am and 21:00 pm were collected throughout the study and urinary cortisol and antioxidant capacity levels were determined by commercial ELISA kits (DRG© and Cayman Chemical Company© respectively). Participants were given the State Trait Anxiety Inventory (STAI) and the Beck Depression Inventory to test for significant changes in anxiety or depression, respectively, before the beginning of the study and at the end of each experimental week. Results: Tryptophan-enriched cereal ingestion resulted in increased neutralization of free radicals (6. 3±SEM:2. 31 %) and a diminution of anxiety state (Basal: percentile 36. 16±5. 42 vs. Treatment: percentile 16. 83±3. 33) and depression (Basal: 30. 00±SEM:1. 52 vs. Treatment: 24. 24±SEM:0. 85; p<0. 05). However, no changes in cortisol levels were observed. Conclusions: Chrononutrition applied with tryptophan-enriched cereals may help elderly individuals cope better with daily situations and challenges. ER  - 
Changes in psychological status in patients with chronic spondyloarthropathy treated with infliximab; Background/Purpose: Patients with chronic inflammatory rheumatic disease are known to present frequently associated psychological disorders. Several studies have reported the benefit of biological therapies in spondyloarthropathies (SpA), but there are few data regarding its impact on psychological symptoms and well-being. To analyze the influence of infliximab as a anti-TNF therapy on self-reported indices of anxiety and depression in patients with chronic spondyloarthropathy, and their relation to the main disease activity parameters. Methods: 62 patients with SpA according to the European Spondyloarthropathy Study Group (48 anchylosing spondilytis, 14 undifferentiated SpA) fulfilling Spanish Rheumatology Society criteria for biological therapy were enrolled in a prospective multicentric observational study. They received 5 mg/Kg infliximab iv infussion at 0,2,6 and every 8 weeks thereafter. At baseline and at 22 weeks patients were assessed for demographic variables, number of affected joints (NAJ), analytical parameters (ESR and C reactive protein), metrological indices (Schöber test and finger-floor distance), BASDAI (disease activity) and BASFI (functional status) questionnaires, visual analogic numeric scales for night and day pain and global self-reported pain. Patients were also assessed for self-reported anxiety (STAI-R and STAI-S questionnaires) and psychological disorder (HADS, with cutpoint at 12 points) and its subscales for anxiety (HADA, cutpoint at 8 points) and depression (HADD, cutpoint at 5 points). Continuous variables at baseline and 22 weeks were compared with Student or Wilcoxon tests, while categorical variables were compared with McNemar's or Wilcoxon's tests. A multivariate Binary Logistic Regression analysis was performed taking a > 3 points decrease in the HADS score as the dependent variable. Results: HADS score decreased significantly at 22 weeks. The median (interquartilic range) went from 16 (10-22) at baseline to 9 (3-15), p<0.001. The HADS anxiety and depression subscale scores decreased from 8 (5-12) to 6 (3-10), p< 0,001, and from 8 (5-12) to 5 (3-10), p< 0,001 respectively. Also a reduction was observed in the proportion of patients with psychological disorder (HADS >= 12), from 71.2% to 48.1%, p=0,029, and with definite depression (HADD score >= 5) from 59.7% to 44.6%, p=0.01. Other parameters improved significantly as expected, including NAJ, finger-floor distance, ESR, CRP, self-reported numeric scale of pain (at day, night and global), and disease activity (BASDAI) and functionality (BASFI) indices. In the multivariate analysis, only ESR (OR: 0.908 - 0.996) and BASFI (OR: 0,422-0,990) were found to contribute significantly to the variance of HADS. Low baseline values of both parameters were related to higher probability of psychological improvement. Conclusion: Patients with chronic spondyloarthropathies receiving infliximab therapy presented a high incidence of psychological disorders that improved after 22 weeks of therapy, as assessed by the HADS validated self-reported test. Low values of VSG and BASFI were significant predictors of such improvement. ER  - 
Early treatment of psoriatic arthritis is associated with improved outcomes: Findings from the etanercept (ENBREL) presta trial; Background/Purpose: Early detection of rheumatoid arthritis (RA) and a rapid therapeutic intervention reduces the risk of clinical progression, joint damage and subsequent irreversible loss of function. However, this has not been well investigated in patients with psoriatic arthritis (PsA). Importantly, the role of biologic agents in early PsA management is still unclear. The objective of this study was to explore the relationship between duration of PsA disease and improvement in health outcomes in patients treated with etanercept enrolled in the PRESTA trial. Methods: Patients with both moderate/severe psoriasis and PsA who participated in the PRESTA trial and received etanercept 50 mg once weekly were included in the analysis. Subjects in this analysis had to be dosed at least once and have a post-baseline value. Change in baseline values of efficacy measures and Patient Reported Outcomes (PROs) at 24 weeks of treatment of patients with disease duration <2 years (defined as early treatment arm) was compared to change in patients with disease duration >=2 years. Measures included the Health Assessment Questionnaire of physical function (HAQ), EQ-5D quality of life, Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS), Psoriasis Activity and Severity Index (PASI), a Physician Global Assessment (PGA) of arthritis, swollen joint count, joint pain, patient-reported arthritis activity, duration of morning stiffness, and missed workdays. For each of the 12 efficacy variables and PROs, a linear regression of change on its baseline and PsA duration was performed. Age and gender were added as covariates. Results: A total of 372 patients (103 with disease duration <2 years, 269 with disease duration >=2 years) were studied. In both groups all outcomes measures at week 24 improved significantly from baseline and the change was similar in the two groups, however linear regression showed that early PsA disease was strongly associated with improvement in EQ-5D, PGA of arthritis, joint pain, and arthritis activity responses (Table). Improvement in EQ-5D, PGA of arthritis, joint pain, and arthritis activity was also associated with being younger, while quality of life and arthritis activity responses were also associated with being female. Improvement in HAQ, anxiety, depression, PASI, and morning stiffness was not associated with early treatment. (Table presented) Conclusion: Although PsA patients with early disease and with longer-duration disease both responded to etanercept treatment, PsA patients with early disease had better responses in several measures. ER  - 
Impact of comorbidities on tnf inhibitor persistence in rheumatoid arthritis patients: An analysis of korean national health insurance claims data; Background/Purpose: The tumor necrosis factor (TNF) inbibitors have been shown to be effective in treating rheumatoid arthritis (RA) in several randomized controlled trials (RCTs). However, patients with RA in clinical practice might be different from those patients selected for clinical trials; for example, they may have different comorbidities, economic problems, and be taking other drugs at the same time. These differences may influence the efficacy and safety profile of TNF inhibitors. Comorbidity in particular increases the complexity of patient care and makes treatment decisions more challenging. Therefore, in clinical practice, it is important to recognize such comorbidities in RA patients and to consider them before initiating TNF inhibitor treatment. We conducted this study to evaluate TNF inhibitor persistence and the impact of comorbidity on treatment persistence in patients with RA. Methods: In a Korean National Health Insurance claims database, patients with a diagnosis code of RA (M05 or M06) who started TNF inhibitor therapy between July 1, 2007 and June 30, 2008were enrolled. The study cohort was followed until December 31, 2009. Persistence was examined using Kaplan-Meier survival analysis, and multivariate Cox proportional hazard models were developed to examine the potential impact of comorbidities on drug persistence. Results: A total of 388 patients were enrolled in the study cohort. The mean persistence rate in the overall population was 61% at 18 months. Drug survival rates for adalimumab and etanercept at 6 months were 82% and 85%, respectively, and 73% and 78%, respectively, at 12 months. Charlson comorbidity index (CCI) scores and comorbidities such as diabetes, chronic pulmonary disease, mild liver disease, and depression at initiation were not related with drug persistence, while peptic ulcer disease (PUD) lowered the risk of discontinuation of TNF inhibitors (HR 0.73, 95% CI: 0.55 to 0.97). Old age (HR 1.59, 95% CI: 1.09 to 2.33) and prescription of inhibitors by an internist (HR 1.59, 95% CI: 1.02 to 2.48) were other factors associated with early discontinuation of TNF inhibitors. Conclusion: The persistence rate of TNF inhibitors was 61% at 18 months. CCI score and other comorbidities were not related with early discontinuation of TNF inhibitors, while PUD was an independent contributing factor to TNF inhibitor persistence. ER  - 
Hospital admissions caused by suspected adverse drug reactions (ADRs) in a hospital clinical medicine unit in Córdoba, Argentina; Background: Adverse Drug Reactions (ADRs) are a substantial cause of hospital admission. Several studies have estimated the incidence of hospital admissions due to ADRs in developed countries. Aim: to estimate the incidence of ADRs as cause admissions in a sample of clinical charts in a Hospital Clinical Medicine Unit in Argentina. Material-methods: Admission clinical charts' data were collected prospectively from January 2011 to June 2011. Collection was not systematic, but it was aleatory. Data included: demographic data, symptoms causing hospital or emergency consultations, chronic and recent medication, medical history, laboratory, diagnostic and clinical findings; and diagnostic presumption. Data were analyzed in clinical reviews with senior and junior internists. Causality assessment was performed according WHO method. Drug-related admissions due to lack of compliance or unintentional overdose were excluded, but one suicidal attempt with deliberate neuroleptic overdose was considered as possible ADR. Results: 252 admission's data (238 patients, 126 women and 112 men, age 55-93 yrs, mean age 77.5 yrs.) were analyzed. There were 37 admissions considered as directly related to an ADR (14.68%). Drugs classes most commonly implicated in causing these admissions included non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) (7) (18.2%) diuretics (7) (18.2%), oral hypoglycemic drugs and insulins (6) (16.21%), antiarrhythmics (5) (13.51%), neuroleptics (4) (10.81), antibiotics (3) (8.1%), benzodiazepines (2) (5.4%), antidepressants (2) (5.4%), tuberculostatics (1) (2.7%), acetylcholinesterase inhibitor (1) (2.7%), immunossupressants (1) (2.7%). ADRs were assessed as probable in 23 cases, possible in 11 cases, definite in 2 cases, and conditional in one case (One suicidal attempt was considered as possible ADRs). Most frequent interactions included amiodarone and digoxin or betablockers (syncope); and several neuroleptics. The most common ADRs were hyponatremia (8) (21.62%), severe anemia (7) (18.2%), hypoglycemia (5) (13.51%), syncope (5) (13.51%), severe central nervous system depression (4) (10.81), bradyarrhythmias (2) (5.4%). Hyponatremia was related to diuretics (4), antidepressants (venlafaxine) (2) antipsychotics (1), antibiotics (1) and diuretics and antidepressants (1). Severe anemia cases were all related with chronic NSAIDs. Severe central nervous system depression cases were related with psychiatric patients in chronic hospitalization. Discussion: Data collection wasn't systematic, only clinical Medicine Unit and Intensive Care Unit patients were included (no surgical, traumatology or neurology services admissions were analyzed). Conclusion: ADRs are an important cause of directly related hospital admissions. Further systematic and larger studies will allow more accurate estimates of incidence and drug class relatedness of ADRs as cause of hospital admissions in developing countries settings. ER  - 
Identification of novel functional inhibitors of acid sphingomyelinase; We describe a hitherto unknown feature for 27 small drug-like molecules, namely functional inhibition of acid sphingomyelinase (ASM). These entities named FIASMAs (Functional Inhibitors of Acid SphingoMyelinAse), therefore, can be potentially used to treat diseases associated with enhanced activity of ASM, such as Alzheimer's disease, major depression, radiation- and chemotherapy-induced apoptosis and endotoxic shock syndrome. Residual activity of ASM measured in the presence of 10 μM drug concentration shows a bimodal distribution; thus the tested drugs can be classified into two groups with lower and higher inhibitory activity. All FIASMAs share distinct physicochemical properties in showing lipophilic and weakly basic properties. Hierarchical clustering of Tanimoto coefficients revealed that FIASMAs occur among drugs of various chemical scaffolds. Moreover, FIASMAs more frequently violate Lipinski's Rule-of-Five than compounds without effect on ASM. Inhibition of ASM appears to be associated with good permeability across the blood-brain barrier. In the present investigation, we developed a novel structure-property-activity relationship by using a random forest-based binary classification learner. Virtual screening revealed that only six out of 768 (0.78%) compounds of natural products functionally inhibit ASM, whereas this inhibitory activity occurs in 135 out of 2028 (6.66%) drugs licensed for medical use in humans. © 2011 Kornhuber et al. ER  - 
Acetylsalicylic acid strengthens the effects of ANISpm against hepatocellular carcinoma and its molecular mechanism; The objective of this study is to examine the effects of ANISpm, a novel polyamine naphthalimide conjugate, with acetylsalicylic acid against hepatocellular carcinoma in vivo and in vitro and elucidate its potential molecular mechanism. The proliferation inhibition was detected by MTT assay. Cell apoptosis, intracellular fluorescence intensity and mitochondrial membrane potential (MMP) were detected by high content screening (HCS) analysis. Polyamines content was analyzed by reverse-phase high performance liquid chromatography. Protein expression levels were quantified by Western blotting assay. The combination treatment strongly inhibited cell proliferation, induced cell apoptosis in HepG2 cells and H22 hepatoma cells, which was mediated by enhanced ANISpm uptake via up-regulation of spermidine/spermine N 1-acetyltransferase (SSAT) and depression of intracellular polyamine. Furthermore, this synergistic apoptosis was involved in mitochondria and death-receptor signal pathway. All these findings demonstrated that the combination treatment with acetylsalicylic acid and ANISpm resulted in synergistic antitumor effects on hepatoma cells. Thus, combination therapy with these agents may be useful as a potential template for the development of better chemotherapeutic strategy against hepatoma. ER  - 
Rare presentation of sarcoidosis; Patient: A 54-year-old Caucasian woman with no history of smoking or drinking, no recent trauma, and no occupational exposure to irritants. No known allergies. No history of recent foreign travel. Current Chief Complaint: Dyspnea and chest pain. Past Medical History: Patient presented in 2002 with epigastric pain and fullness after consumption. Tests showed abnormal liver function tests (LFTs). A liver biopsy was non-conclusive. She was referred to the gastroenterologist, who felt that though her LFTs were abnormal, they have been static. Another liver biopsy was not warranted. The patient continued to have abnormal LFTs even though her symptoms improved until February 2006, when she developed pruritus and right upper quadrant (RUQ) pain. In 2003 the patient started presenting with symptoms of hypothyroidism, as she presented with depression weight gain. Testing revealed increased thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH) and low T3 and T4. The patient began thyroxine. The patient has had severe left knee pain and common extensor pain (tennis elbow) since 2006. Pruritus and night sweats started in 2006 and persisted on and off. Atypical angina, transient ischemic attacks (TIA), left arm weakness, dysarthria, amaurosis fugax-like symptoms (appeared on only 1 occasion), left-sided facial droop, and numbness, began in June 2007 and persisted. Dyspnea has worsened since 2005. No conclusive diagnosis has been reached. Drug Allergies: Aspirin and Salbutamol Current Medications: Prednisolone (7.5 mg daily), Azathioprine (50 mg once daily), Ursodeoxycholic Acid, Atorvastatin, Thyroxine (75 mcg daily), Bisoprolol, Irbesartan, Alendronate, Warfarin, Ventolin. Family History: No significant family history. Social History: Health care assistant. Non-smoker. No alcohol intake. Married and lives with spouse. Physical Exam Vital Signs: Blood pressure, 130/77; temperature, 36.8; weight, 72.6 kgs; BMI, 29. No lymph node enlargement. Chest was clear on auscultation. Normal heart sounds. ER  - 
The keys to improving depression outcomes; The heterogeneity of symptoms within major depressive disorder poses significant challenges for treatment and it is likely that current pharmacotherapies do not target all symptoms equally, although they have similar efficacy rates. While there is still continuing interest in understanding monoamine interactions and consequent downstream effects, the limited efficacy and tolerability achieved with classical antidepressants provides a compelling argument to move beyond the monoamines. Several lines of biological research in depression exploring immune function, neurotrophins, amino acid and neuropeptide neurotransmitters, neuroanatomical function and circadian rhythms, may lead to novel therapeutic targets and enhance depression outcomes. This review will evaluate the evidence for emerging treatments as well as recommendations from current international guidelines regarding antidepressant management. © 2011 Elsevier B.V. and ECNP. ER  - 
Effects of endocannabinoid system modulation on cognitive and emotional behavior; Cannabis has long been known to produce cognitive and emotional effects. Research has shown that cannabinoid drugs produce these effects by driving the brain's endogenous cannabinoid system and that this system plays a modulatory role in many cognitive and emotional processes. This review focuses on the effects of endocannabinoid system modulation in animal models of cognition (learning and memory) and emotion (anxiety and depression). We review studies in which natural or synthetic cannabinoid agonists were administered to directly stimulate cannabinoid receptors or, conversely, where cannabinoid antagonists were administered to inhibit the activity of cannabinoid receptors. In addition, studies are reviewed that involved genetic disruption of cannabinoid receptors or genetic or pharmacological manipulation of the endocannabinoid-degrading enzyme, fatty acid amide hydrolase (FAAH). Endocannabinoids affect the function of many neurotransmitter systems, some of which play opposing roles. The diversity of cannabinoid roles and the complexity of task-dependent activation of neuronal circuits may lead to the effects of endocannabi-noid system modulation being strongly dependent on environmental conditions. Recent findings are reviewed that raise the possibility that endocannabinoid signaling may change the impact of environmental influences on emotional and cognitive behavior rather than selectively affecting any specific behavior. © 2011 Zanettini, Panlilio, Alicki, Goldberg, Haller and Yasar. ER  - 
Is methotrexate nephrotoxic? Dose-dependency, comorbidities and comedication; Methotrexate (MTX) in low-doses is an important component of anti-inflammatory therapy of rheumatoid arthritis and other inflammatory joint diseases. In contrast to high-dose administration of MTX in oncology, which can lead to direct tubulus toxicity and subsequent renal failure, renal side-effects are a rare exception for low-dose MTX. The biggest problem under low-dose MTX is that an already limited renal function due to comorbidities or an increasing, sometimes clinically insufficiently monitored renal insufficiency due to comedications, such as nonsteroidal antirheumatics (NSAR) and antibiotics, leads to a reduced excretion of MTX and therefore to an accumulation in serum. This is primarily accompanied by gastrointestinal mucositis and bone marrow depression. For this reason low-dose MTX should never be administered once the glomerular filtration rate (GFR) is less than <30 ml/min and only 50% of the original dosage should be administered if the GFR is between 30 and 60 ml/min. © Springer-Verlag 2011. ER  - 
The CRF1 receptor antagonist SSR125543 reduces long-term cognitive deficit induced by acute stress in mice, independently from the HPA axis; Introduction: The 41 amino acid neuropeptide corticotropin releasing factor (CRF) initiates the hypothalamic pituitary adrenal (HPA) axis response to stress, and has been the subject of intense investigation in the pathophysiology and treatment of depression and anxiety disorders. In the mammalian brain, the CRF system comprises two G-protein-coupled CRF receptor subtypes (CRF1 and CRF2 receptors). In addition to a major projection from the paraventricular nucleus of the hypothalamus (PVN) to the pituitary corticotropes, CRF-containing neurons and receptors are also found in brain areas involved in stress responses, including the amygdala, the lateral septum, the locus coeruleus and the brainstem raphe nuclei. In this context, it was postulated that CRF receptor antagonists may represent novel agents for the treatment of stress-related disorders. As an example, the CRF1 receptor antagonist, SSR125543, has been reported to induce anxiolytic- and antidepressant-like effect in several animal models in rodents [1]. Aim: The aim of the present study was to evaluate the effects of SSR125543 in an animal model of post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) in mice, which involves the assessment of cognitive performance following acute inescapable stress exposure and to verify whether this effect is mediated by an action on the hypothalamic pituitary adrenal axis. The prototypical 5-HT reuptake inhibitor, paroxetine, was used as a positive control. Methods: Swiss mice received two unavoidable electric foot-shocks (1.5 mA/2s). Two weeks later they were placed in the shock apparatus context and fecal corticosterone metabolites were measured by enzyme-immunoassay. One day after re-exposure to the context, their cognitive performance were evaluated using the object recognition task which is traditionally used to assess short-term visual episodic memory, following the administration of SSR125543 (10 mg/kg, i.p.) or paroxetine (20 mg/kg, i.p.). To assess the involvement of the HPA axis in the drug effects, a separate group of animals was subjected to the same procedure and drug regimen, but was treated with dexamethasone (s.c., 500 mg/kg) to blunt the HPA axis. Results: Stressed mice had higher levels of corticosterone metabolite following re-exposure to the shock context and displayed impaired cognitive performance in the object recognition task as compared to control animals. This latter effect was significantly attenuated by SSR125543 and paroxetine, whether the hypothalamic pituitary adrenal axis was blunted or not. Intriguingly, paroxetine produced deleterious effects on cognition in control animals, an effect which was further potentiated by prior administration of dexamethasone. Conclusion: These findings confirm further that the CRF1 receptor antagonist, SSR125543, is able to attenuate the deleterious effects of stressful exposure. Importantly, the observation that these effects were still present in dexamethasone treated mice indicates that this action does not necessarily involve pituitary adrenal axis blockade, thereby suggesting that extrahypothalamic CRF1 receptors may play a role in these effects. ER  - 
Radiolabeled polyphenols as PET tracers targeting α-synuclein precipitates in Parkinsons Disease; Objectives: α-synuclein and Lewy bodies detected throughout the brain in Parkinson disease (PD) patients might play a crucial role in the development of motor (dopaminergic) symptoms in PD, but also in the plethora of nonmotor symptoms which dominate the clinical picture in advanced disease. Parallel to tremor, rigidity, bradykinesia and postural instability, other symptoms may co-exist such as depression, anhedonia, hallucinations, sleep disorders and autonomic, gastro-intestinal and sensory dysfunctions [1]. Even closely related to amyloid plaque in Alzheimers Disease, common PET tracers employed to image these plaques fail to image α-synuclein and Lewis bodies. Polyphenols including rosmarinic acid show besides properties such as anti-inflammatoric, anti-oxidant or anti-viral effects [2] affinity towards α-synuclein aggregates. We decided therefore to evaluate the [11C]methyl ester of rosmarinic acid (Fig.1) as potential in vivo probe for α-synuclein aggregates [3]. (Figure presented) Methods: All procedures involving animals were performed under a license granted by the Danish Ministery of Justice. Non-radioactive rosmarinic acid methyl ester was synthesized applying a literature method using commercially available rosmarinic acid and methanol and Amberlyst cation exchange resin [4]. Radiolabeling was achieved in a GE Tracerlab FX C Pro system by reacting [11C]methyl iodide with rosmarinic acid (1 mg) in 300 μl DMSO at 90 °C in the presence of 1 μl of 3 M NaOH within 2 min. Product was isolated on a semi-preparative C- 18 column with ethanol : 0.1 % H3PO4 (37:63); flow: 2.5 ml/min; UV: 280 nm. Before injection into rats the collected product was diluted with saline to an ethanol content of 10 %. Log P7.4 was measured. In vivo evaluation was performed in male Lewis rats both in a Concorde MicroPET R4 system as well as in organ distribution studies (rats sacrificed at 15, 30 and 45 min). Arterial bloodsamples (2, 5, 10, 15 min) and brain extracts (15 and 30 min) were analyzed for parent compound and metabolites. Results: The applied radiolabeling procedure yielded rosmarinic acid [11C]methyl ester within 30 min in radiochemical yields of 60 -70 %, based on [11C]methyl iodide. Acidic esterification used for the synthesis of the reference material was too slow to be used. Radiochemical purity was ≥ 95 % with a mean specific radioactivity of 120 GBq/μmol (EOS). Log P7.4 was measured to 1.2. In vivo evaluation revealed a very fast metabolism with basically no residual parent compound left in arterial blood sample after 2 min. Analysis of rat brain extracts did not show rosmarinic acid [11C]methyl ester. The observed brain uptake within the μPET scanning (see Fig. 2) is therefore solely contributed to radioactive metabolites entering the brain. Conclusion: The very fast metabolism and the brain entry of radioactive metabolites unfortunately excludes rosmarinic acid [11C] methyl ester as potential PET tracer. Currently, efforts are made to incorporate the radioactive label into the backbone of a rosmarinic acid like structure yielding a metabolically more stable compound. ER  - 
Involvement of the mammalian target of rapamycin signaling in the antidepressant-like effect of group II metabotropic glutamate receptor antagonists; Growing evidence has indicated that the blockade of group II metabotropic glutamate (mGlu2/3) receptor exerts antidepressant-like effects in several animal models of depression. However, the molecular mechanisms underlying the action of mGlu2/3 receptor antagonists are not well understood. Here, we investigated the involvement of mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) signaling in the acute and sustained antidepressant-like effects of mGlu2/3 receptor antagonists, (1R, 2R, 3R, 5R, 6R) -2-Amino-3-(3,4- dichlorobenzyloxy)-6-fluorobicyclo[3.1.0]hexane-2,6-dicarboxylic acid (MGS0039) and (2S)-2-amino-2-[(1S,2S)-2-carboxycycloprop-1-yl]-3- (xanth-9-yl) propanoic acid (LY341495). The tail suspension test (TST) of mice was carried out to assess the acute and sustained antidepressant-like effects. We evaluated the effect of rapamycin, an mTOR antagonist, on the acute and sustained antidepressant-like effects of mGlu2/3 receptor antagonists. Both MGS0039 and LY341495 exerted the antidepressant-like effects in the TST, which sustained for 24 h. Pretreatment with rapamycin blocked the sustained, but not acute, antidepressant-like effect of mGlu2/3 receptor antagonists. In conclusion, we demonstrated that mTOR signaling was involved in the sustained antidepressant-like effect of mGlu2/3 receptor antagonists. The present result suggests that the blockade of mGlu2/3 receptor could activate mTOR signaling, and that the activation of mTOR signaling may contribute to the sustained antidepressant-like effects of mGlu2/3 receptor antagonists. ER  - 
Adverse outcomes after maxillomandibular advancement for treatment of obstructive sleep apnea; Statement of the Problem: Several observational case series studies indicate that maxillomandibular advancement surgery (MMA) may be a clinically effective alternative therapy for patients with obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) who are unable to adhere to CPAP therapy. Surgical treatment involves inherent risks and it is essential to define the type, severity and incidence of these potential adverse outcomes to determine the risk benefit ratio of MMA for the treatment of OSA. To date the adverse outcomes of MMA have not been systematically analyzed or reported. The purpose of this study is to determine the type, severity and incidence of surgical and anesthetic adverse outcomes following MMA for treatment of OSA. Materials and Methods: This is a retrospective cohort study consisting of 76 patients who underwent MMA for treatment of OSA at Vanderbilt Medical Center between 1997 and 2007. A comprehensive systematic review of the surgical, anesthesia/recovery room and progress notes were completed for each patient to identify all perioperative complications, as well as post-operative wound healing problems. Additionally, polysomnography reports were analyzed to determine the effectiveness of MMA, as measured by changes in the apnea-hypopnea index (AHI) and low oxygen saturation after MMA. Methods of Data Analysis: Descriptive statistical analysis was performed for all continuous variables and reported as mean ± SD. The number and proportion of patients with each observed adverse outcome were tabulated. Two-tailed paired t tests were used to assess changes in the apnea-hypopnea index (AHI) and low O2 saturations following MMA. For all analyses, a p-value of <0.05 was considered statistically significant. Results of Investigation: The majority of patients were obese (BMI ± 31.2 ± 6.9) middle-aged (45.4 ± 9.9 years) males (80%) with severe OSA (AHI ± 54.3 ± 27.0; low % SaO2 ± 77.8 ± 13.0). Pre-operatively, the group had multiple co-morbid medical conditions including: hypertension (36%), cardiovascular disease (14%), history of non-fatal cardiovascular events (9%) and depression (21%). Standardized osteotomy and stabilization techniques were used to accomplish MMA. Modified hypotensive anesthetic techniques were used for the majority of patients (93%). There were no observed deaths or cardiac events. Intra-operatively the airway was managed by intubation in the vast majority of patients (96%) with tracheotomy performed in only one patient. 3% of patients required re-intubation for perioperative control of the airway. The estimated average blood loss was 390.6 ± 227.1 ml and 5% of patients received a blood transfusion. No patients experienced complications requiring return to the operating room. Following surgery, patients required 2.6 ± 1.7 days of hospitalization. Wound infections were uncommon (8%) and were effectively treated by local measures and oral antibiotics, with no patients requiring intravenous antibiotics or hospitalization. Surgical treatment by MMA resulted in a significant reduction in AHI in (54.3 ± 27.0 to 13.3 ± 11.6, P <.001) and improvement in minimum oxygen saturation (77.8% to 83.8%, P <.001). Conclusion: The results of this study indicate that MMA has a very favorable risk-benefit ratio, as it may provide safe and effective treatment for patients with moderate to severe OSA who are unable to adhere to CPAP therapy. ER  - 
Non-paraneoplastic limbic encephalitis with antibodies to glutamic acid decarboxylase. Long-term treatment with plasma exchange and steroids; Introduction: Non-paraneoplastic limbic encephalitis (NPLE) has been associated with auto-antibodies against various neuronal antigens, mainly voltage-gated potassium channels, N-methyl-D-aspartate, kainate and gammaamino- butyric acid receptors. Recently, glutamic acid decarboxylase (GAD), an enzyme catalyzing the conversion of glutamic acid to gamma-aminobutyric acid, has also been identified as a target of humoral autoimmunity in a small subgroup of these patients. We present a case of NPLE with anti-GAD antibodies, which showed a positive response to immunotherapy. Case report: A 48-year-old female was admitted with a 2-year history of anterograde amnesia, depression and generalized seizures. At previous hospitalizations, MRI scans had revealed bilateral lesions of medial temporal lobes, mamillary bodies and cingulate gyri. Extensive investigation for occult malignancy was negative. Screening for anti-neuronal antibodies was also negative. However, enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay revealed high titres of anti-GAD antibodies in serum (37,550U/ml) and CSF (15,400U/ml), with evidence of intrathecal antibody synthesis. The patient received treatment with prednisolone and long-term plasma exchange. During a 12-month followup period she exhibited complete seizure remission and a moderate improvement in memory and visuo-spatial skills. Serum anti-GAD titres showed a parallel decline, falling to 9,600U/ml, 10 months after treatment onset. Conclusion: Our case offers additional evidence that nonparaneoplastic LE should be included in the spectrum of anti-GAD-associated neurological disorders. Although the direct pathogenetic role of these antibodies remains unclear, their early detection is of clinical relevance. They serve as a useful marker to identify a subset of LE patients that may respond to immunoregulatory treatment. ER  - 
Non-caseating granulomas and B-cell immunodeficiency in a patient with DiGeorge syndrome; Introduction: The immune defect of DiGeorge Syndrome (DGS) typically affects only the T-cell system. As patients age, some may also exhibit attrition of the B-cell system. We describe a patient with DGS who began to demonstrate clinical symptoms and laboratory evidence consistent with antibody deficiency syndrome. Additionally, he developed pulmonary nodules, lymphadenopathy, hepatomegaly, and massive splenomegaly. A lymph node biopsy revealed noncaseating granulomas, more commonly associated with Common Variable Immune Deficiency (CVID) but rarely reported in DGS. Case Report: A 22-year-old Asian-American male with DGS characterized by congenital heart disease, hypocal- cemia, mild T-cell depression, and 22q11.2 deletion on FISH chromosomal analysis at birth began to suffer from recurrent otitis media and sino-pulmonary infections during childhood. He required mastoidectomy and cholesteotoma removal. He underwent further immune evaluation, which illustrated low levels of IgG and IgA and decreased humoral response to vaccinations, and was started on IVIG. He then began to develop restrictive pulmonary disease, hepatosplenomegaly, pancytopenia, and cervical and inguinal lymphadenopathy. Pulmonary nodules were evident on CT scan. Biopsy of the inguinal lymph nodes revealed small, non-caseating granulomas, often seen in CVID. Bone marrow biopsies and evaluation for oligoclonal expansion were negative. His T-cell function remained unchanged, but his B-cell system began to undergo progressive attrition. The patient was treated with several immunomodulators including oral corticosteroids and infliximab with minimal improvement. A liver biopsy revealed moderate lymphohistiocytic inflammation both in clusters and single cells without well-defined granulomas. A spleen biopsy has not been performed but would presumptively reveal infiltration with granulomas. The patient also recently developed significant elevations in IgM levels without a clear etiology. Discussion: There have been few long-term studies assessing changes in the immune system of patients with DGS. As a result of improvements in cardiac surgery, the lifespan of these patients has increased, providing the opportunity to study changes in their immune function over time. With prolonged survival, additional defects in the immune system are becoming apparent, as seen in this patient with mild, stable T-cell defects and evidence of attrition of the B-cell system. The presence of non-caseating granulomas is also rarely seen in DGS. The mechanism underlying these changes in humoral immunity remains unclear, but potential involvement of T-cells including oligoclonal expansion and dysfunction of regulatory T cells should be considered. ER  - 
Depression and altered serum lipids in cynomolgus monkeys consuming a Western diet; Research over the past 15. years has suggested a high comorbidity of depression and coronary heart disease (CHD). However the mechanisms responsible for this relationship are poorly understood. This study was designed to examine the relationships between depressive behaviors and concentrations of circulating lipids and lipid signaling molecules that may be common to both CHD and depression in a cohort of cynomolgus monkeys (Macaca fascicularis) consuming a 'Western' diet, enriched with saturated fat and cholesterol. Socially-housed adult female cynomolgus monkeys (n = 36) were fed the Western diet for 27. months and depressive behavior was recorded weekly. Body weight, body mass index and circulating cholesterol profiles were measured in all animals, and fatty acids (FA) and FA-based signaling molecules were measured in the 6 least and 6 most depressed monkeys. Monkeys consuming the Western diet exhibited a broad range of percent time spent in depressive behavior. The percent time spent depressed was positively correlated with total plasma and LDL cholesterol and negatively correlated with HDL cholesterol. Despite being leaner, depressed monkeys had higher concentrations of monounsaturated fats (C16:1 and C17:1), a higher ω6/ω3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) ratio and higher concentrations of omega-6 (ω6) PUFAs, particularly C18:2ω6 and C20:3ω6. FA ratios suggest that stearoyl CoA desaturase 1 activity was increased in depressed monkeys. Depressed female cynomolgus monkeys had elevated concentrations of serum lipids and lipid signaling molecules that are typically associated with obesity, insulin resistance and cardiovascular disease, which may account in part for the comorbidity of depression and CHD. © 2011 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Essential fatty acids and psychiatric disorders; Psychiatric disorders are a significant source of disability worldwide. Increasing evidence indicates that disturbances of fatty acids and phospholipid metabolism can play a part in a wide range of psychiatric, neurological, and developmental disorders in adults. Essential fatty acids, ω-3 and ω-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids, play a central role in the normal development and functioning of the brain and central nervous system. The aim of this article is to discuss the overall insight into roles of essential fatty acids in the development of mental disorders (depression, schizophrenia, bipolar disorder) and, in light of the fact that disturbances of fatty acid metabolism can play a part in the above-mentioned disorders, to investigate the current knowledge of lipid abnormalities in posttraumatic stress disorder. The information in this review was obtained after extensive MEDLINE searching of each topic area through relevant published studies from the past 20 years. References from the obtained studies were also used. This review summarizes the knowledge in terms of essential fatty acids intake and metabolism, as well as evidence pointing to potential mechanisms of essential fatty acids in normal brain functioning and development of neuropsychiatric disorders. The literature shows that ω-3 fatty acids provide numerous health benefits and that changes in their concentration in organisms are connected to a variety of psychiatric symptoms and disorders, including stress, anxiety, cognitive impairment, mood disorders, and schizophrenia. Further studies are necessary to confirm ω-3 fatty acids' supplementation as a potential rational treatment in psychiatric disorders. © 2011 American Society for Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition. ER  - 
The efficacy of omega-3 supplementation for major depression: A randomized controlled trial; Objective: To document the short-term efficacy of omega-3 supplementation in reducing depressive symptoms in patients experiencing a major depressive episode (MDE). Method: Inclusive, double-blind, randomized, controlled, 8-week, parallel-group trial, conducted October 17, 2005 through January 30, 2009 in 8 Canadian academic and psychiatric clinics. Adult outpatients (N = 432) with MDE (Mini-International Neuropsychiatric Interview, version 5.0.0, criteria) lasting at least 4 weeks, including 40.3% taking antidepressants at baseline, were randomly assigned to 8 weeks of 1,050 mg/d of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and 150 mg/d of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) or matched sunflower oil placebo (2% fish oil). The primary outcome was the self-report Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology (IDS-SR30); the secondary outcome was the clinician-rated Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS). Results: The adjusted mean difference between treatment and placebo was 1.32 points (95% CI, -0.20 to 2.84; P = .088) on the IDS-SR30 and 0.97 points (95% CI, -0.012 to 1.95; P = .053) on the MADRS. Planned subgroup analyses revealed a significant interaction of comorbid anxiety disorders and study group (P = .035). For patients without comorbid anxiety disorders (n = 204), omega-3 supplementation was superior to placebo, with an adjusted mean difference of 3.17 points on the IDS-SR30 (95% CI, 0.89 to 5.45; P = .007) and 1.93 points (95% CI, 0.50 to 3.36; P = .008) on the MADRS. Conclusions: In this heterogeneous sample of patients with MDE, there was only a trend toward superiority of omega-3 supplementation over placebo in reducing depressive symptoms. However, there was a clear benefit of omega-3 supplementation among patients with MDE without comorbid anxiety disorders. Trial Registration: controlled-trials.com Identifier: ISRCTN47431149 © Copyright 2010 Physicians Postgraduate Press, Inc. ER  - 
Adjunctive nutraceuticals with standard pharmacotherapies in bipolar disorder: A systematic review of clinical trials; Objective: Studies using augmentation of pharmacotherapies with nutraceuticals in bipolar disorder (BD) have been conducted and preliminary evidence in many cases appears positive. To date, however, no specialized systematic review of this area has been conducted. We present the first systematic review of clinical trials using nutrient-based nutraceuticals in combination with standard pharmacotherapies to treat BD. A subsequent aim of this report was to discuss posited underlying mechanisms of action. Methods: PubMed, CINAHL, Web of Science, and Cochrane Library databases, and grey literature were searched during mid-2010 for human clinical trials in English using nutraceuticals such as omega-3, N-acetyl cysteine (NAC), inositol, and vitamins and minerals, in combination with pharmacotherapies to treat bipolar mania and bipolar depression. A review of the results including an effect size analysis (Cohen's d) was subsequently conducted. Results: In treating bipolar depression, positive evidence with large effect sizes were found for NAC (d=1.04) and a chelated mineral and vitamin formula (d=1.70). On the outcome of bipolar mania, several nutraceuticals reduced mania with strong clinical effects: a chelated mineral formula (d=0.83), L-tryptophan (d=1.47), magnesium (d=1.44), folic acid (d=0.40), and branched-chain amino acids (d=1.60). Mixed, but mainly positive, evidence was found for omega-3 for bipolar depression, while no evidentiary support was found for use in mania. No significant effect on BD outcome scales was found for inositol (possibly due to small samples). Conclusions: BD treatment outcomes may potentially be improved by additional use of certain nutraceuticals with conventional pharmacotherapies. However, caution should be extended in interpreting the large effects of several isolated studies, as they have not yet been replicated in larger trials. © 2011 John Wiley and Sons A/S. ER  - 
The hyperalgesia induced by sleep deprivation is not decreased by diazepam and is associated with an increased nos activity in PAG; The periaqueductal gray matter (PAG) area of the brainstem is involved in pain and anxiety modulation. Paradoxical sleep deprivation (PSD) has been found to promote hyperalgesia, relieve symptoms of depression and trigger anxiety episodes. The mechanisms that govern these changes are poorly understood. One of the neurotransmitters related to these behavioral changes is nitric oxide (NO). The experimental methods of PSD have been linked to the generation of anxiety in animals, and the hyperalgesia is frequently associated to the anxiety generated by these methods. In this study we investigated the effects of the anxiolytic drug diazepam and the analgesic drug acetylsalicylic acid on anxiety and thermal nociceptive response in paradoxical sleep deprived rats; we also evaluated the activity of nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate diaphorase (NADPH-d) an indicator of NO sinthase activity on the PAG. Rats were deprived from paradoxical sleep for 96 hours and submitted to the nociceptive test on the hot plate (46°C). The assessment of anxiety level was performed using the open field and the elevated plus maze tests. PSD animals showed an increased rate of locomotion (+ 314.8%, p < 0.05), increased entries number and time spent on open arms in elevated plus maze (+ 319.2%, p < 0.05; + 257.1%, < 0.05) and reduced hind paw withdraw latency on the hot plate (-64.2%, p < 0.05). Diazepam and acetylsalicylic acid did not influence the responses in PSD animals in the open field and hot plate tests. In addition, the number of NADPH-d positive cells in PAG was higher after PSD (+ 59%, p ≤ 0.05). The results obtained in this work showed that the PSD method did not induce anxiety and neither the ansiolitic nor the analgesic drugs changed the hyperalgesia induced by PSP. Our data also suggest that the hyperalgesia observed in PSD are associated with increased NOS activity in PAG. ER  - 
What is the contribution of inflammation-associated depression to the pathophysiology of depression?; The high prevalence of comorbid depression in patients with chronic inflammatory disorders is caused by the propagation of peripheral inflammation to the brain. The proinflammatory cytokines that are expressed in the brain by activated macrophage-like cells and microglia during inflammation are normally responsible for why we feel sick and behave in a sick way when we are ill. Sickness behavior wanes off when healing takes over inflammation. This is an active process that is dependent on the production of anti-inflammatory cytokines and the modulatory role of glucocorticoids and neuropeptides such as vasopressin, alpha-melanotropin, and insulin-like growth factor 1. When the inflammatory response is too intense and/or lasts too long, symptoms of depression can develop on top of sickness. The emergence of depression is mediated by activation of the tryptophan-degrading enzyme indoleamine 2,3 dioxygenase (IDO) and production of neuroactive kynurenine metabolites mainly represented by 3- hydroxy kynurenine and quinolinic acid. These metabolites act as agonists of the NMDA receptor. A role for cytokine-induced IDO activation in the pathogenesis of depression is supported by converging clinical and experimental data. The possibility that the same mechanisms account for other forms of depression than depression associated with inflammation is an active line of research. There is evidence that non-immune stressors can also activate inflammatory processes and IDO. In addition, treatmentresistant depression has been found to be associated with biomarkers of inflammation. However, the points of convergence between immune and non-immune aspects of depression still remain to be established. Supported by Grant R01 NIH MH079829 to RD and R01 NIH AG029573 to KWK. ER  - 
Minocycline reverses anhedonia in an animal model of comorbidity between epilepsy and depression; Rationale: Post-status epilepticus (SE) chronic epilepsy in rats has been validated as a model of comorbidity between epilepsy and depression by behavioral, biochemical and neuroendocrine assays. Activation of an inflammatory cytokine interleukin-1â in the hippocampus has been suggested as a mechanism of epilepsyassociated depression (Mazarati et al., Neurobiol. Dis. 2010; 37:461- 467). Another hallmark of neuroinflammation - microglia activation - has been implicated both in post-SE epilepsy and in major depression. We studied whether a microglia inhibitor minocycline (MINO) would exhibit antidepressant and anticonvulsant effects in post-SE rats. Methods: Two months after LiCl-pilocarpine SE, adult Wistar rats were examined for the presence of symptoms of depression: dysregulation of hypothalamo-pituitary-adrenocortical (HPA) axis using dexamethasone (DEX)-corticotropin releasing hormone (CRH) test coupled with plasma corticosterone (CORT) radioimmunoassay; despair using forced swim test (FST); anhedonia using taste preference saccharin consumption test. MINO (50 mg/kg/day) was administered for 10 days. Animals were monitored for spontaneous seizures for 10 days prior to, and throughout MINO treatment. At the end of MINO regimen, tests for depression were repeated. Results: Post-SE rats exhibited depression-like impairments. Dysregulation of HPA axis was evident as the decrease of CORT level (81% of that in controls); failure of DEX to suppress CORT (post- DEX/pre-DEX CORT levels were 78% post-SE and 34% in controls); exacerbated response to CRH (post-CRH/pre-CRH CORT levels were 620% post-SE and 315% in controls). Despair was evident as the increased immobility time in the FST (59% of total swimming time post-SE vs. 27% in controls, p<0.05). Anhedonia was revealed by the absence of preferential consumption of saccharin solution versus tap water (saccharin/saccharin+water consumption was 48% post-SE and 78% in controls). Treatment with MINO reversed anhedonia (saccharin consumption was 73% of total fluid, p<0.05 vs. before MINO, p>0.05 vs. controls). MINO improved neither behavioral deficit in the FST, nor the dysregulation of HPA axis. Minimal-maximal-median seizure number over ten days was 2-9-6 prior to, and 1-11-4.5 during MINO regimen (p>0.05). Conclusions: In the post-SE model of comorbidity between epilepsy and depression MINO exerted therapeutic effect on anhedonia, but not on despair, dysregulation of HPA axis, and spontaneous seizures. The effect of MINO was different from that previously established for interleukin-1 receptor antagonist which improved all symptoms of depression. Lack of an effect of MINO on the FST contrasted with its effectiveness in models of major depression; this suggests mechanistic differences between major depression and depression as a comorbidity of epilepsy. Upon further validation, MINO may be beneficial in patients with epilepsy and concurrent depression in whom anhedonia represents a leading mood impairment. ER  - 
Pharmacotherapy in patients with ulcerative colitis; Background: Patients with ulcerative colitis experience various impairments. The pharmacological treatment of the disease comprises 5-aminosalicylic acid, corticosteroids as well as immunomodulatory and biological agents. Little self-reported data exist on the prescription of these drugs. Methods: This cross-sectional study was conducted in 2005 as a postal survey in different regions of Germany [Kiel/Lübeck, Halle (Saale), Minden, Regensburg]. Patients with ulcerative colitis (UC) were recruited from specialised gastroenterological practices, university outpatient clinics, and the member registry of a prominent patient organisation (DCCV). Participants returned a questionnaire including established items and scales on physical and psychosocial well-being as well as the self-reported current medication. Results: A total of 444 patients with ulcerative colitis returned the questionnaires. Most of the participants were female, had a high level of school education and were currently employed. Twenty-eight percent of the participants reported to receive corticosteroids and 71% reported a current treatment with 5-aminosalicylic acid. Approximately one quarter of our study population reported a treatment with immunomodulatory agents. Analgesics were reported to be prescribed only in 15% of the patients, primarily in patients with depressive symptoms. Patients recruited from specialised gastroenterological practices and university outpatient clinics were more likely to report the prescription of 5-aminosalicylic acid and immunomodulatory drugs than members of the patient organisation. Only 7% of our patients received loperamide, however, probiotics (12%) and complementary agents (36%) seem to have an important role with regard to prevalence of intake. About 40% of women but only 28% of the men reported to use complementary agents. Persons with a duration of illness of less than 11 years (median split) were almost twice as likely to take corticosteroids than persons with a longer duration of ulcerative colitis. Discussion: Our results suggest an estimation of prescription rates in ulcerative colitis. However, they raise new questions, for example, concerning a potential underuse of immunomodulatory agents in this patient population. With regard to the identified differences in prescription rates according to psychosocial characteristics further studies are needed to examine these relationships. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart New York. ER  - 
Evaluation of CNS depressant activity of capparis zeylanica lin. root; The dried ethanolic extract of the root of Capparis zeylanica Lin. (Capparidaceae) was assessed for effect on the Central Nervous System (CNS) using a number of neuropharmacological experimental models in mice. The extract (EECZ) on mice were tested in several animal paradigms, including sodium pentobarbital-induced sleep, open field tests and hole-cross tests. Mice acutely treated with ethanolic extract of Capparis zeylanica (EECZ) at 100, 200 and 400 mg kg-1 doses prolonged the sleeping time induced by pentobarbitone (40 mg kg-1). This extract, at 100 and 200 mg kg-1 doses, showed a sedative effect in the hole-cross paradigm and decreased spontaneous activity in mice. The EECZ treatment did not produced mortality up to 2000 mg kg-1. Chemical analysis showed that the EECZ alkaloids, steroids, phytosterol, fatty acids, phenols, flavonoids, flavonols, tannins and mucilage are the main compounds of the active extract. The extract produced a dose-dependent reduction of the onset and duration of pentobarbitone induced hypnosis, reduction of locomotor and exploratory activities in the open field, hole-cross tests etc. At the same dose levels, the ethanolic extract of Capparis zeylanica (EECZ) root dose-dependently inhibited acetic acid-induced writhing in mice. The mechanism of this depression is not clearly understood at this point but it can be assumed that the drug may exert CNS depressant effect by interfering with the function of cortex. The results have suggested that the crude hydroalcholic extract of Capparis zeylanica root possesses some biologically active constituents with sedative activities. © 2011 Academic Journals Inc. ER  - 
Acetylsalicylic acid as an augmentation agent in fluoxetine treatment resistant depressive rats; Clinical studies have reported that adjunctive acetylsalicylic acid (aspirin) therapy is beneficial for patients with treatment resistant depression (TRD). However, there still exist negative epidemiological data on the link between aspirin and depression. Therefore, this study aimed to further investigate whether aspirin can be used as an augmentation agent in fluoxetine treatment resistant depressive rats induced by chronic unpredictable mild stress (CUMS). In this study, the effects of CUMS regimen and antidepressant treatment were assessed by behavioral testing, hippocampal expression of cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) and prostaglandin E2 (PGE2). 4-week fluoxetine treatment reversed the behavioral changes in approximately 70-80% depressive rats. That is, 20-30% depressive rats were resistant to fluoxetine. In the hippocampus of fluoxetine treatment resistant depressive rats, a significant upregulation of COX-2 level and PGE2 concentration was observed. However, in these rats adjunctive aspirin treatment significantly improved the depressive behaviors and downregulated the COX-2 level and PGE2 concentration in the hippocampus. Thus, our results suggest that aspirin can be served as an effective adjunctive agent in the treatment resistant depression mediated by inhibition of the COX-2 level and PGE2 concentration. © 2011 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. ER  - 
Inhibition of AChE and antioxidant activities are probable mechanism of nardostacys jatamansi DC in sleep deprived alzheimer's mice model; There is a strong linkage between Insomnia and Alzheimer's disease (AD). Statistical data revels that sleep disturbances and dementia increases with advancing age and young and middle-aged adults who suffer from insomnia are 11 times more likely to develop AD and depression in their later life. The present study is designed to evaluate anti amnesic activity of methanolic extract of Nardostacys jatamansi DC (MENJ) rhizome on sleep deprived (SD) amnesic mice. Animals were pretreated with MENJ for 14 days (200 and 400 mg/kg, orally) and Piracetam (200 mg/kg, orally) followed by 5 days sleep deprivation using multiple platform method. The Acetylcholinesterase (AChE) activity, glutamate, antioxidants enzymes Superoxide dismutase (SOD), Catalase (CAT), Glutathione reductase (GRD), Glutathione peroxidase (GPx), Lipid peroxidase assay (LPO) and ascorbic acid (Vit.C) are estimated from mice brain on 19th day. MENJ at doses of 200 mg/kg and 400mg/kg treated groups showed a significant inhibition of AChE activity and improved antioxidants enzyme levels in sleep deprived amnesic mice. These findings suggest MENJ exerts a protective effect against loss of memory and cognitive deficits due to its inhibition of AChE and protection from oxidative damage due to sleep deprivation. ER  - 
Presumptive bovine neonatal pancytopenia in a Holstein calf in Québec; An 18-day-old heifer was presented with fever, depression, tachycardia, tachypnea, and prolonged bleeding time. Blood tests revealed severe anemia, thrombocytopenia, and leucopenia. The animal was negative by PCR for bovine virus diarrhea virus antigen. The findings supported a diagnosis of bovine neonatal pancytopenia. Treatments included fresh whole blood transfusion and antibiotics. The animal recovered fully. ER  - 
Triennial Growth Symposium: A review of science leading to host-targeted antibody strategies for preventing growth depression due to microbial colonization; In this review, the science used to develop host-targeted therapies for improving animal growth and feed efficiency is presented. In contrast to targeting the microbiota of the host, endogenous host proteins are targeted to regulate an overactive inflammatory response in the host. Activation of the immune/ inflammatory systems of an animal is costly in terms of growth and feed efficiency. For example, reduced rates of BW gain and poorer feed efficiency in vaccinated animals compared with nonvaccinated animals have been well documented. Also, the growth rate and feed efficiency of animals colonized by microorganisms is only 80 to 90% of their germ-free counterparts. Further evidence of a cost associated with immune activation is that strategies that enhance the immune capability of an animal can reduce animal growth and feed efficiency. Research now indicates that the growth-promoting effects of antibiotics are indirect, and more likely the result of reduced immune activation due to decreased microbial exposure. Studies of mechanisms by which immune/inflammatory activation reduces animal growth and feed efficiency have shown that cytokines of the acute inflammatory response (i.e., IL-1 and tumor necrosis factor α) are key triggers for host muscle wasting. Cytokine-induced muscle wasting is linked to PG signaling pathways, and it has been proposed that regulation of the PG signaling pathways provide host targets for preventing an overreactive or unwarranted inflammatory event. Intestinal secretory phospholipase A2 (sPLA2) has been found to be a useful and accessible (i.e., found in the intestinal lumen) host target for the regulation of an overreactive inflammatory response to conventional environments. This review presents the science and strategy for the regulation of intestinal sPLA2 using orally administered egg yolk antibody against the enzyme. Clinically healthy animals fed egg antibodies to sPLA2 had improved growth and feed efficiency. Literature presented indicates that use of hosttargeted strategies for regulating the overexpression of inflammatory processes in an animal may provide new mechanisms to improve animal growth and feed efficiency. © 2011 American Society of Animal Science. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Psychopharmacological properties of an aqueous extract of Tetracarpidium conophorum Hutch. & Dalziel in mice; The extract of the nut of Tetracarpidium conophorum (TC), commonly known as African walnut, is widely used to relieve pain, increase sperm count, enhance sexual performance in males and as a nerve tonic in ethnomedicine. This study describes the psychopharmacological properties of the aqueous extract of the nut of TC in mice. The spectrum of activities studied were the effects of TC on the duration of immobility in the forced swim test of the behavioural despair model of depression; prolongation of the duration of sleep produced by thiopentone; amphetamine-induced stereotyped behaviour; and on pain episodes produced by acetic acid and by formalin. Orally administered TC (50-200 mg/kg) produced a significant and dose-related decrease in the duration of immobility in the forced swim test in mice. TC also exhibited analgesic property, as shown by its ability to reduce the frequency of abdominal constrictions induced by acetic acid and to inhibit the nociceptive responses produced by formalin. However, at the tested oral doses of 50-200 mg/kg, TC did not prolong the duration of sleep produced by thiopentone nor alter the pattern of the stereotyped behaviour induced by amphetamine. This investigation provides evidence that may support the ethnomedicinal applications of the extract of the nut of TC in the treatment of pain. The study also revealed that TC seems to demonstrate antidepressant-like activity, as evidenced by its ability to shorten the period of immobility in the forced swim test; however, further studies are necessary to clearly define the role of TC in depression. © 2011 The Japanese Society of Pharmacognosy and Springer. ER  - 
Marine omega-3 fatty acids and mood disorders - linking the sea and the soul: 'Food for Thought' I Hegarty and Parker Omega-3 FA and mood disorders; Objective: While there has long been interest in any nutritional contribution to the onset and treatment of mood disorders, there has been increasing scientific evaluation of several candidate nutritional and dietary factors in recent years. In this inaugural study of our 'Food for Thought' series, we will overview the evidence for any role of omega-3 fatty acids (FA) in regulating mood. Method: Relevant literature was identified through online database searches and cross-referencing. Results: Plausible mechanisms exist by which omega-3 FA may influence neuronal function and mood. Cross-sectional studies demonstrate an association between omega-3 fatty acid deficiency and both depressive and bipolar disorders. Studies investigating the efficacy of omega-3 fatty acid supplementation for mood disorders have however provided inconsistent results. The proportion of treatment studies showing a significant advantage of omega-3 supplementation has dropped over the last 5years. However, the vast heterogeneity of the trials in terms of constituent omega-3 FAs, dose and length of treatment makes comparisons of these studies difficult. Conclusion: More research is required before omega-3 supplementation can be firmly recommended as an effective treatment for mood disorders. Whereas increased omega-3 FA intake may alleviate depressive symptoms, there is little evidence of any benefit for mania. © 2011 John Wiley & Sons A/S. ER  - 
Neuroprotective effect of dietary supplementation eicosapentaenoic acid in rats exposed to central interleukin-1β administration; The omega (n)-3 fatty acid, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) has been recently used to treat depression. Since inflammation plays an important role in etiology of depression and other psychiatric diseases, one of the mechanisms by which EPA attenuates mood disorders and neurodegeneration-like changes is by reducing inflammation and modulating neurotransmission. Peripheral immune responses or many brain conditions, such as injuries, ageing and malnutrition of essential fatty acids may activate glial cells to trigger neuroinflammation, which induces psychiatric disorders and their associated neurodegeneration. However, the effect of EPA on glial activity and on glial production of neurotrophins is unknown. The present study aimed at studying the potential neuroprotective effects of EPA on the activation of glial cells, the expressions of neurotrophin brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) and BDNF receptors, as well as brain fatty acid concentrations in a rodent model of neuroinflammation induced by interleukin (IL)-1β. Male Long-even rats were fed with EPA or with palm oil and received saline or IL-1β injection. After 42 days dietary supplementation and 7 days consecutive injections, the hippocampus has been dissected and collected. The results showed that microglia activation was increased after IL-1 administration, which was associated with the increase in the expression of tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-α in the hippocampus. By contrast, astrocyte activity was decreased, which was associated with the decrease in BDNF and TrkB receptor expressions. EPA supplement effectively attenuated these changes. Moreover, EPA ameliorated the IL-1β-induced increase in p75NTR receptor expressions, and normalized IL-1β-induced decrease in EPA and DPA contents in the hippocampus. Our results indicated that EPA may provide neuroprotective effects by reducing glial activation, inhibiting inflammation, and modulating BDNF function and other brain fatty acids. ER  - 
Omega 3 in depression: From epidemiology to treatment; Basic research has established that the long chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), plays a fundamental role in brain structure and function. Epidemiological and cross-sectional studies have also identified a role for long chain omega-3 PUFA in the etiology of depression. In a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials of omega 3 in depression, it was concluded that symptoms of depression were not significantly reduced in 3 studies using pure DHA or in 4 studies containing >50% DHA. In contrast, symptoms of depression were significantly reduced in 13 studies using supplements containing >50% eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and in 8 studies using pure ethyl-EPA. Recently, it has been suggested that the efficacy of antidepressant treatments might be increased by the co-administration of anti-inflammatory agents. In this context, the mechanisms that have been invoked to account for the benefits of long chain omega-3 PUFA in depression include reductions in proinflammatory cytokines, reductions in prostaglandins derived from arachidonic acid, leading to decreased brain derived neurotrophic factor levels and/or improvements in blood flow to the brain. ER  - 
Clinical potential of minocycline for depression with psychotic features; Minocycline, an antibiotic of the tetracycline family, has been shown to display neurorestorative or neuroprotective properties in various models of neurodegenerative diseases. In particular, it has been shown to delay motor alterations, inflammation and apoptosis in model of Huntington's disease, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and Parkinson's disease. Despite controversies about its efficacy, the relative safety and tolerability of minocycline have led to various clinical trials. Recently, we reported the antipsychotic effects of minocycline in patients with schizophrenia and psychotic depression. In a pilot investigation, we administered minocycline as an open-label adjunct to antipsychotic medication to patients with schizophrenia and psychotic depression. The results of this trial suggested that minocycline might be a safe and effective adjunct to antipsychotic medications, and that augmentation with minocycline may prove to be a viable strategy for “boosting” antipsychotic efficacy and for treating psychotic depression. In addition, we extend our discussion to the potential applications of minocycline for combining the treatment with cellular and molecular therapy. ER  - 
Childhood ataxia following accidental ASA poisoning; Introduction: Ataxia is a relatively common presenting sign in children and can be caused by both benign and life-threatening conditions. In most cases of acetylsalicylic acid (ASA) overdose, ataxia is associated with low-grade fever, hyperpnea, vomiting without diarrhea, drowsiness, and additional changes in mental function. In this case, the presentation of ataxia as the sole neurological symptom after ASA poisoning was unusual. Case report: An 18-month-old male presented to the emergency department visibly tremulous and unable to walk or stand. The mother reported that the child was breathing fast, had an associated dry cough, and had 4 prior episodes of vomiting. The child had been playful and active until 4 hours prior to presentation. The perinatal and past medical histories were unremarkable. Physical examination revealed a well-hydrated child who appeared to be in mild respiratory distress and appeared unable to support himself while seated. Vital signs were: oral temperature, 37.0 ° C; HR, 142 beats/min; RR, 60 breaths/min; and BP, 88/46 mmHg. Upon cardiovascular examination, the patient was found to be tachycardic without murmur or rubs. The HEENT, lung, and abdominal examinations were unremarkable. Further neurological examination revealed no additional focal neurologic findings. Lab testing revealed an anion gap metabolic acidosis and respiratory alkalosis with a normal pH and normal lactic acid. A serum salicylate level was 97 mg/dL. When the mother was questioned about aspirin exposure, she recalled her daughter dropping a jar of adult aspirin on the floor seven hours earlier in the area where the patient was playing. The patient was subsequently treated with IV fluids and urinary alkalinization. He was discharged to home on the third hospital day without sequelae. Discussion: Drug ingestion and toxin exposure should be considered early in the differential diagnosis of acute ataxia in children. Salicylates are neurotoxic. Acidosis worsens this toxicity by increasing the amount of salicylate that crosses the blood brain barrier and increases CNS tissue levels. Signs and symptoms of CNS toxicity are myriad and include nausea, vomiting, tinnitus, hyperpnea, and lethargy. Severe toxicity can progress to disorientation, ataxia, seizures, cerebral edema, hyperthermia, coma, cardiorespiratory depression, and, eventually, death. Conclusions: ASA is a common medication that can be found in many households. Physicians need to be aware of the dangers that pediatric ASA ingestions present and should have a high index of suspicion as a history of ingestion is often not given. If the onset of ataxia is acute, questions regarding the possible ingestion of toxic substances may be diagnostic and are essential. ER  - 
Polyunsaturated fatty acids and blood circulation in the forebrain during a mental arithmetic task; The effects of polyunsaturated fatty acids on human cerebral blood oxygenation have yet to be extensively investigated. In this study, healthy participants (14 men, 40 women) aged between 20 and 49 years were recruited. All female participants entered the trial at the start of their menstrual cycle. Blood was sampled before measuring cerebral blood oxygenation in the prefrontal cortex (PFC) and prior to administering two kinds of questionnaires, the Profile of Mood States (POMS) and a questionnaire regarding participants' arousal level. Blood oxygenation in the PFC was continuously monitored immediately before and during the Uchida-Kraepelin Performance (UKP) test as a mental arithmetic task. Changes in the tissue oxygenation index (the ratio of oxyhemoglobin to oxyhemoglobin + deoxyhemoglobin; TOI, a simplified index for cerebral blood circulation) were measured by near-infrared spectroscopy. Multiple regression analysis was performed with sex, age, smoking and drinking as confounding factors. Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) was positively associated with TOI, which was positively associated with arousal level and inversely associated with negative mood (POMS). EPA and docosahexaenoic acid were inversely associated with depression-dejection (POMS) and positively associated with arousal level and overall performance in the UKP test. We suggest that EPA might increase the oxygenation level in the PFC, in turn improving various psychological parameters and performance. © 2011 Elsevier B.V. ER  - 
The mothers, Omega-3 and mental health study; Background: Major depressive disorder (MDD) during pregnancy and postpartum depression are associated with significant maternal and neonatal morbidity. While antidepressants are readily used in pregnancy, studies have raised concerns regarding neurobehavioral outcomes in exposed infants. Omega-3 fatty acid supplementation, most frequently from fish oil, has emerged as a possible treatment or prevention strategy for MDD in non-pregnant individuals, and may have beneficial effects in pregnant women. Although published observational studies in the psychiatric literature suggest that maternal docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) deficiency may lead to the development of MDD in pregnancy and postpartum, there are more intervention trials suggesting clinical benefit for supplementation with eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) in MDD.Methods/Design: The Mothers, Omega-3 and Mental Health study is a double blind, placebo-controlled, randomized controlled trial to assess whether omega-3 fatty acid supplementation may prevent antenatal and postpartum depressive symptoms among pregnant women at risk for depression. We plan to recruit 126 pregnant women at less than 20 weeks gestation from prenatal clinics at two health systems in Ann Arbor, Michigan and the surrounding communities. We will follow them prospectively over the course of their pregnancies and up to 6 weeks postpartum. Enrolled participants will be randomized to one of three groups: a) EPA-rich fish oil supplement (1060 mg EPA plus 274 mg DHA) b) DHA-rich fish oil supplement (900 mg DHA plus 180 mg EPA; or c) a placebo. The primary outcome for this study is the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) score at 6 weeks postpartum. We will need to randomize 126 women to have 80% power to detect a 50% reduction in participants' mean BDI scores with EPA or DHA supplementation compared with placebo. We will also gather information on secondary outcome measures which will include: omega-3 fatty acid concentrations in maternal plasma and cord blood, pro-inflammatory cytokine levels (IL-1β, IL-6, and TNF-α) in maternal and cord blood, need for and dosage of antidepressant medications, and obstetrical outcomes. Analyses will be by intent to treat.Discussion: This study compares the relative effectiveness of DHA and EPA at preventing depressive symptoms among pregnant women at risk.Trial registration: Clinical trial registration number: NCT00711971. © 2011 Mozurkewich et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Psychotropic activity of selective tetracyclines; Minocycline in addition to its neuroprotective and anti-inflammatory use in neurodegenerative diseases probably would be helpful in treatment of depression associated with these comorbid conditions. The findings of the present study in both the models of depression viz, forced swim test and tail suspension test indicate that minocycline has significant antidepressant activity, comparable to that of amitriptyline. If the findings of the present study are extrapolated to the humans, minocycline may not be a suitable drug to treat depression. Its co-administration with tricyclic antidepressants could add to the antidepressant activity of the latter. Whether such synergistic interaction will narrow the therapeutic window of tricyclic antidepressants is not known. To evaluate its role as an antidepressant and to establish safety of its co-administration with tricyclic antidepressants, further clinical studies are desirable. ER  - 
Kynurenine metabolites and migraine: Experimental studies and therapeutic perspectives; Migraine is one of the commonest neurological disorders. Despite intensive research, its exact pathomechanism is still not fully understood and effective therapy is not always available. One of the key molecules involved in migraine is glutamate, whose receptors are found on the first-, second- and third-order trigeminal neurones and are also present in the migraine generators, including the dorsal raphe nucleus, nucleus raphe magnus, locus coeruleus and periaqueductal grey matter. Glutamate receptors are important in cortical spreading depression, which may be the electrophysiological correlate of migraine aura. The kynurenine metabolites, endogenous tryptophan metabolites, include kynurenic acid (KYNA), which exerts a blocking effect on ionotropic glutamate and α7-nicotinic acetylcholine receptors. Thus, KYNA and its derivatives may act as modulators at various levels of the pathomechanism of migraine. They can give rise to antinociceptive effects at the periphery, in the trigeminal nucleus caudalis, and may also act on migraine generators and cortical spreading depression. The experimental data suggest that KYNA or its derivatives might offer a novel approach to migraine therapy. © 2011 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Complementary and alternative medicine for the treatment of major depressive disorder; Objective: To review the clinical evidence supporting complementary and alternative medicine interventions for treating major depressive disorder. Quality of evidence: PubMed was searched from January 1966 to February 2010 using the term depressive disorder in combination with St John's wort, S-adenosylmethionine (SAM-e), exercise, acupuncture, omega-3 fatty acids, and folate. Only relevant human trials were selected. Main message: In a large meta-analysis, St John's wort was found to be equivalent to antidepressant drugs with fewer side effects. Exercise reduced depressive scores in 3 meta-analyses. Omega-3 fatty acids reduced depressive scores in a meta-analysis of 16 trials, but publication bias was identified. Oral SAM-e monotherapy reduced depressive scores in 4 of 5 small randomized controlled trials. Folate deficiency is associated with more severe and refractory depression, and supplementation reduced depressive scores in 2 of 3 randomized controlled trials. Acupuncture demonstrated limited efficacy in 1 meta-analysis and 5 other trials. Conclusion: St John's wort and regular exercise appear effective in the treatment of depression. Acupuncture appears ineffective for depression, but it might offer other health benefits. Other promising therapies include SAM-e, omega-3 fatty acid, and folic acid supplementation in selected patients; further study is warranted. ER  - 
Melatonin, agomelatine, and alcoholism: Relevance to alcohol-related brain damage and comorbid psychosis; Alcohol-related brain damage (ARBD) has serious health, social, and financial consequences, and can occur independently of any major nutritional deficiency. The mechanisms that mediate ARBD are largely unknown, although accumulating evidence suggests that intercellular inflammatory cascades, involving astrocyte interleukin-18 (IL-18), microglia quinolinic acid and neuronal oxidant status and sphingosine-1-phosphate efflux are crucial. Here it is proposed that intercellular inflammation drives a spreading neurodegeneration, akin to current models of α-synuclein and hyperphosphorylated tau in Parkinson and Alzheimer disease. The driving of tryptophan down the kynurenine pathway results in a decrease in serotonin, N-acetylserotonin, and melatonin, contributing to comorbid depression in alcoholism. Alcohol induction of cortisol contributes to a decrease in neurogenesis and an increase in IL-18, thus exacerbating the inflammatory cascade and spreading neurodegeneration. It is suggested that melatonin, and perhaps agomelatine, would have efficacy as long-term maintenance therapies in the treatment of alcoholism; off-setting the likelihood of ARBD, especially when alcoholism is comorbid with psychosis. Copyright © 2011 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Urinary metabonomics study of anti-depressive effect of Chaihu-Shu-Gan-San on an experimental model of depression induced by chronic variable stress in rats; Chaihu-Shu-Gan-San (CSGS), a traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) formula, has been effectively used for the treatment of depression in clinic. However, studies of its anti-depressive mechanism are challenging, accounted for the complex pathophysiology of depression, and complexity of CSGS with multiple constituents acting on different metabolic pathways. The variations of endogenous metabolites in rat model of depression after administration of CSGS may offer deeper insights into the anti-depressive effect and mechanism of CSGS. In this study, metabonomics based on ultra performance liquid chromatography coupled with quadrupole time-of-flight mass spectrometry (UPLC-QTOF-MS) was used to profile the metabolic fingerprints of urine obtained from chronic variable stress (CVS)-induced depression model in rats with and without CSGS treatment. Through partial least squares-discriminate analysis, it was observed that metabolic perturbations induced by chronic variable stress were restored in a time-dependent pattern after treatment with CSGS. Metabolites with significant changes induced by CVS, including 3- O-methyldopa (1), pantothenic acid (2), kynurenic acid (3), xanthurenic acid (4), 2,8-dihydroxyquinoline glucuronide (5), 5-hydroxy-6-methoxyindole glucurnoide (8), l-phenylalanyl- l-hydroxyproline (9), indole-3-carboxylic acid (10), proline (11), and the unidentified metabolites (6, 2.11 min_. m/. z 217.0940; 7, 2.11 min_. m/. z 144.0799), were characterized as potential biomarkers involved in the pathogenesis of depression. The derivations of all those biomarkers can be regulated by CSGS treatment except indole-3-carboxylic acid (10), which suggested that the therapeutic effect of CSGS on depression may involve in regulating the dysfunctions of energy metabolism, tryptophan metabolism, bone loss and liver detoxification. This study indicated that the rapid and noninvasive urinary metabonomics approach may be a powerful tool to study the efficacy and mechanism of complex TCM prescriptions. © 2011 Elsevier B.V. ER  - 
Multi system complaints in men with interstitial cystitis/Painful bladder syndrome; Hypothesis / aims of study Interstitial Cystitis/Painful Bladder Syndrome (IC/PBS) is most commonly characterized by urgency and frequency of urination, painful urination, and chronic pelvic pain. IC/PBS is infrequently diagnosed in men. Men with refractory pelvic pain and lower urinary tract symptoms who are ultimately found to have IC/PBS frequently demonstrate a common constellation of nongenitourinary symptoms. The purpose of this study was to review the signs, symptoms, and co-morbidities of men with chronic pelvic pain and voiding dysfunction in an effort to better characterize this patient population. Study design, materials and methods A retrospective analysis of male patients who underwent cystoscopy and hydrodistension for pelvic pain and lower urinary tract symptoms in the last 5 years was performed. Each patient's workup included a detailed history and physical, urine and semen cultures, and course of antibiotics. The diagnosis of IC/PBS was based on glomerulations found in the bladder mucosa after cystoscopic hydrodistension under general anesthesia. Demographic and treatment related outcomes were reviewed. Results From January 2005 to July 2009, 147 men underwent cystoscopy with hydrodistension under general anesthesia for clinical symptoms of IC/PBS. A total of 82 men demonstrated National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases objective criteria for IC/PBS. In addition to their chronic pelvic pain, 81% of these men had common associated co-morbidities including chronic gastrointestinal complaints (41%), anxiety/depression (37%), chronic back pain (34%), chronic joint pain/neuropathy (23%), and/or migraines (9%). Also, 33% of patients were being treated with narcotics and/or benzodiazepines. Interpretation of results Our study shows that men with objective evidence of IC/PBS frequently exhibit a constellation of symptoms typified by nongenitourinary complaints. These constitutional complaints often parallel those of female patients with IC/PBS. Concluding message Based on our experience, men with IC/PBS demonstrate characteristic psycho-social, chronic pain, and gastrointestinal problems that concomitantly and adversely affect quality of life which are similar to those found in women. These clinical findings support the role of a multi-disciplinary approach for males with PBS. (Table presented) . ER  - 
Microbiome-nervous system interactions: Implications for gi disease; Inflammatory and Functional Bowel Diseases are associated with intestinal dysbiosis and are also associated with abdominal pain and behavioral illness including depression. We used oral antimicrobial therapy to induce dysbiosis in mice and assessed visceral pain responses and alterations in brain chemistry and behavior. Antibiotic treatment reduced lactobacilli and this was accompanied by a small increase in MPO activity but no structural damage in the gut. In addition, there was an increase in substance pain and in the visceromotor response to colorectal distension. These responses were attenuated in mice receiving either lactobacillus paracaseii or dexamethsone concomitantly with antibiotics. Oral antimicrobial therapy also increased Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor (BDNF) in the hippocampus and an increase in anxiolytic behavior based on latency to step-down and light box-dark box preference testing. Antimicrobial- induced BDNF and behavioral changes were independent of vagus nerve integrity or changes in circulating pro-inflammatory cytokines and were not seen in germ free mice. The existence of a microbiome-brain communication was confirmed in adoptive transfer experiments where behavioral traits of one murine strain were induced in germ free recipients of another strain, following colonization with cecal bacteria. These results indicate that the intestinal microbiome communicates with the host enteric nervous system to alter visceral pain responses by an inflammation-dependent mechanism, and with the brain to alter behavior by an inflammationindependent mechanism. These findings may explain the frequent coexistence of pain and altered behavior in functional and inflammatory GI diseases. ER  - 
Antibiotic and low sugar diet treatment for depression; OBJECTIVE: any person affected by a systemic yeast infection, often misdiagnosed, will undoubtedly have a variety of symptoms that are like to symptom of depression. Depression is indicative of chronic inflammatory state. Sugar can suppress immune system and impair the defences against infectious diseases: this state of chronic inflammation causes fatigue, lack of motivation and both physical and mental weakness, low self-esteem and depression. If the inflammatory diseases have an infectious cause such as nonbacterial and other bacterial forms and sugar or to eat sweet could increases bacteria reproduction, antibiotic and low carbohydrate diet can be the best therapy for depressions. The use of low dose antibiotics, attacks the disease process at its source, namely the infectious agent. In contrast to the treatment of ordinary, acute bacterial infections with faster growing bacteria, the bacterial forms which trigger the chronic infectious disease processes are much slower growing organisms; thus, the antibiotic protocols prescribed for treating the depressive chronic diseases are based on the use of long-term, low-dose antibiotics. MATERIAL AND METHODS: in a double-blind placebo-controlled trial carried out from 2004 to 2010, 300 patients with established depression symptoms were assigned treatment with long-term lowdose antibiotics associated with low carbohydrate diet and 300 patients received placebo. RESULTS: 230 of the 300 antibiotic-treated patients had complete resolution of depressive symptoms soon after the initial therapy and have remained well during a mean follow-up period of 12 months. In contrast, all 300 patients given placebo continued to have depression symptoms. 70 patients treated with intravenous penicillin G, 1,200 million weekly for 6 months had complete resolution of depressive symptoms and have remained well since. CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that established depression disease can often be treated successfully with antibiotic therapy or parenteral penicillin and low carbohydrate-diet, however, neither of the regimens that we tested is uniformly effective, and further experience will be needed to determine the optimal course of therapy. ER  - 
Quality of life in acute leukemia patients; Background. Quality of life is now considered an important outcome measuring in patients with malignancies. Aims. The aim of our study was to examine the relationship between self-reported quality of life and some clinical, socio-demographic and psychological factors in acute leukemia patients. Methods. 63 patients of 15-69 years of age (Median 42 years) with newly diagnosed Acute Myeloid (n=42) or Acute Lymphoid Leukemia (n=21) admitted to a Central Regional Hospital for treatment were eligible. The Linear Analog Self-Assessment was used as an instrument for quality of life examination. Infections, hemorrhage/bleeding, severe anemia (HBG<7.0g/dl), central nervous system leukemia, age, income, education, family status, social support and depression were investigated in their relationship to a self-reported quality of life. The Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS) was used for the depression screening. The data were collected shortly after the diagnoses and after induction of remission therapy. The inform consent was obtained from every patient. Results. 33 patients were eligible early after the diagnosis. Their Mean Quality of life score was 53.5. The self-reported quality or life did not depend of the clinical course of the disease (such as severe anemia, bleeding, central nervous system leukemia, infections. But quality of life was significantly worse in patients older then 50 years old (t-test, p=0.03) and in depressed patients (p=0.0003). 60.6% of patients (n=20) met the depression criteria early after the diagnosis. After induction of remission therapy 30 patients were eligible. Most of them (n=23) achieved complete remission. Mean Quality of life score was 69.7 at this period of treatment. 46.7% of patients (n=14) reported depression. The self-reported quality of life measuring after induction of remission therapy did not depend of such complications of the treatment as bleeding, pneumonia, mucositis, hepatitis, enteropathy, nausea. This complications were successfully treated (antibiotics, anti-emetics, transfusions, etc.) Quality of life was significantly poorer in patients who had febrile neutropenia (p=0.01), age older then 50 years(p=0.006), low social support score (p=0.045), singe family status (living alone) (p=0.01) and depression (p=0.001). Quality of life of patients with different education level and different income level were not significantly different (p=0.18 and p=0.7 respectively). The income level did not differ much between patients. Conclusions. Self-reported quality of life of newly diagnosed acute leukemia patients was significantly poorer in patients with depression or low social support level, and patients older then 50 years old. Depressive symptoms are prevalent. ER  - 
Coronary vasospasm in a 6 years old girl: An unusual diagnosis; Introduction: Syncope is a common complaint in the pediatric population, particularly in teenagers. Among cardiac causes of syncope, the diagnosis of coronary artery anomalies remains rare but can lead to serious complications. Case report: We report the case of a 6 years old girl who presented with a one year history of syncope occurring during exercise and emotion, with the frequency increasing during the past 2 weeks to about twice a day. There were no other complaints. Associated symptoms were palor, dyspnea and leg pain. Her past medical history is significant for spontaneous closure of a perimembranous ventricular septal defect and her familial history is negative. The clinical exam is unremarkable. The EKG is normal, with a corrected QT between 383-420 ms. Cardiac enzymes showed an elevated CK-MB (263 U/l), elevated NT pro-BNP (721 ng/l) but normal troponin level. Echocardiography showed normal heart chambers size and function with normal-appearing coronary anatomy. The 24h EKG monitoring showed significant ST segment depression followed by non sustained ventricular tachycardia during exercise. Coronary CT-scan and coronary angiography showed no structural anomaly of the coronary arteries. The cardiac MRI was normal, excluding the diagnosis of arythmogenic right ventricular dysplasia. A second EKG monitoring showed torsade de pointe triggered by an emotional stress with a prolonged QT interval (507 ms) that was at first attributed to an unusual form of long QT syndrome, and she was started on β blocker therapy. However, because of recurrent syncope on β-blocker, a myocardial scintigraphy with stress test was performed and showed abnormal captation in the anterior and apical regions, resolving with rest, compatible with myocardial ischemia, allowing us to evoke the diagnosis of coronary vasospasm. She was started on calcium antagonist with aggravation of the symptoms, reason why her treatment was changed for a β-blocker (nebivolol) and a dinitrate vasodilator associated with acetylsalicylic acid. Her evolution has been uneventful with no syncope for the last 6 months. Conclusion: Prinzmetal angina is seldom reported in the pediatric population. Calcium antagonists represent the gold standard in adults but had a controversial effect in our patient, with β-blocker being the most efficacious treatment. ER  - 
Effects of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors on platelet function: Mechanisms, clinical outcomes and implications for use in elderly patients; Among the antidepressants, the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) are often preferred to other classes of antidepressants in the treatment of depression in the elderly because of their better safety profile. Most of the known effects of SSRIs, either beneficial or adverse, are linked to their inhibitory action on the serotonin reuptake transporter (5-HTT). This reuptake mechanism is present not only in neurons but also in other cells such as platelets.Serotoninergic mechanisms seem to play an important role in haemostasis, and their importance in this regard has long been underestimated. Abnormal activation may lead to a pro-thrombotic state, as may occur in patients with major depressive disorder, whilst downregulation, as occurs in patients treated with SSRIs, may have two clinical consequences, both of particular interest in the elderly. On the one hand, there may be an increased risk of bleeding; on the other hand, a reduction in thrombotic risk may be possible. Polymorphism in the promoter region of the gene that transcribes the 5-HTT has been shown to have a relevant impact on its function and, in turn, on the beneficial and adverse effects of SSRIs.Bleeding has been a concern since the introduction of SSRIs, with multiple case reports published and communicated to the pharmacovigilance systems. The first epidemiological study was published in 1999 and since then, 34 epidemiological studies from different areas, most of them including elderly patients in their study populations, have been published with a variety of results. Broadly, the epidemiological evidence supports a moderately increased risk of bleeding associated with the use of SSRIs, which may be critically dependent on patient susceptibility and the presence of risk factors.The impairment of primary haemostasis induced by SSRIs may result, as a beneficial counterpart, in a reduction in the thrombotic risk. A small number of clinical trials and an increasing number of epidemiological studies that include elderly patients have been conducted to clarify whether SSRIs reduce the risk of primary and secondary ischaemic disorders. However, the results have been inconclusive with some studies suggesting a preventive effect and others no effect or even an increased risk. Behind such contradictory results may be the role of depression itself as a cardiovascular risk factor and, therefore, a major confounding factor. How to disentangle its effect from that of the antidepressants is the methodological challenge to be overcome in future studies.In this complex scenario, the elderly seem to be at a crossroads, because they are the group in which both the risks and the benefits can be the greatest. Studies performed to date have provided us with some clues that can help orient clinicians in taking the most appropriate course of action. For instance, as the gastrointestinal bleeding risk appears to increase with age, prudent advice in patients with a previous history of upper-gastrointestinal bleeding or peptic ulcer, and in those who take NSAIDs, oral anticoagulants, antiplatelet drugs or corticosteroids, would be to suggest addition of an acid-suppressing agent to the drug regimen in those elderly patients in whom SSRIs are indicated. © 2011 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Maternal omega-3 fatty acid supplementation and risk for perinatal maternal depression; Objective. A systematic review was conducted to assess the possible association between omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) supplementation and intake in the perinatal period and the risk of maternal perinatal depression. Methods. Two PubMed searches and a BIOSIS Preview, aWeb of Science and a PsychInfo search were conducted with the search terms 'DHA, pregnancy and depression' and 'omega-3 fatty acids, pregnancy and depression'. Results. Ten articles - three longitudinal cohort studies, five randomized controlled trials and two pilot trials- that met selection criteria were reviewed. Six found no association, two found mixed results, and two found a positive association between omega-3 PUFAs and reduced incidence of maternal perinatal depression. The heterogeneity of results can be explained by dissimilar study designs, including differences in study duration, time period of measurement and number of participants, and in varied dosages and types of supplemental PUFAs. Some of the larger studies and those that found a positive effect were more likely to be using higher doses, close to 2 g of docosahexaeonic acid (DHA)+eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and began the supplementation earlier in pregnancy. Conclusions. Future RCTs to investigate the role of PUFA supplementation and risk for maternal perinatal depression should begin supplementation early in pregnancy and use a dosage closer to 2 g of DHA+EPA. Depression should also be measured using a diagnostic interview schedule in addition to a screener. © 2011 Informa UK, Ltd. ER  - 
Immune system to brain signaling: Neuropsychopharmacological implications; There has been an explosion in our knowledge of the pathways and mechanisms by which the immune system can influence the brain and behavior. In the context of inflammation, pro-inflammatory cytokines can access the central nervous system and interact with a cytokine network in the brain to influence virtually every aspect of brain function relevant to behavior including neurotransmitter metabolism, neuroendocrine function, synaptic plasticity, and neurocircuits that regulate mood, motor activity, motivation, anxiety and alarm. Behavioral consequences of these effects of the immune system on the brain include depression, anxiety, fatigue, psychomotor slowing, anorexia, cognitive dysfunction and sleep impairment; symptoms that overlap with those which characterize neuropsychiatric disorders, especially depression. Pathways that appear to be especially important in immune system effects on the brain include the cytokine signaling molecules, p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase and nuclear factor kappa B; indoleamine 2,3 dioxygenase and its downstream metabolites, kynurenine, quinolinic acid and kynurenic acid; the neurotransmitters, serotonin, dopamine and glutamate; and neurocircuits involving the basal ganglia and anterior cingulate cortex. A series of vulnerability factors including aging and obesity as well as chronic stress also appears to interact with immune to brain signaling to exacerbate immunologic contributions to neuropsychiatric disease. The elucidation of the mechanisms by which the immune system influences behavior yields a host of targets for potential therapeutic development as well as informing strategies for the prevention of neuropsychiatric disease in at risk populations. © 2011 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Erythrocyte polyunsaturated fatty acid status, memory, cognition and mood in older adults with mild cognitive impairment and healthy controls; Polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) levels are altered in adults with cognitive decline and also depression. Depression facilitates progression from mild cognitive impairment (MCI) to dementia. We investigated associations between omega-3 (n-3) and omega-6 (n-6) PUFAs and cognition, memory and depression in 50 adults ≥65 years with MCI and 29 controls. Memory, depressive symptoms and erythrocyte PUFAs (% total fatty acids) were assessed. Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) was lower in MCI vs controls (.94% vs 1.26%, p<01); n-6 PUFAs were higher: dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid (1.51% vs 1.32%, p<01), arachidonic acid (11.54% vs 10.70%, p<01), n-6 docosapentaenoic acid (DPA:.46% vs.34%, p<01), and total n-6 PUFA (24.14% vs 23.37%, p<05). Higher n-6 DPA predicted poorer mental health. Lower n-3 DPA was associated with higher self-reported bodily pain. Adults with MCI had higher depression scores (3.05±39 vs 1.33±24, p<01). Depressive symptoms associated with elevated n-6 PUFA may contribute to cognitive decline in this population. © 2011 Elsevier Ltd. ER  - 
Preconditioning effects of tumor necrosis factor-α and glutamate on calcium dynamics in rat organotypic hippocampal cultures; During cerebral ischemia, elevation of TNF-α and glutamate to pathophysiological levels in the hippocampus may induce dysregulation of normal synaptic processes, leading ultimately to cell death. Previous studies have shown that patients subjected to a mild transient ischemic attack within a critical time window prior to a more severe ischemic episode may show attenuation in the clinical severity of the stroke and result in a more positive functional outcome. In this study we have investigated the individual contribution of pre-exposure to TNF-α or glutamate in the development of 'ischemic tolerance' to a subsequent insult, using organotypic hippocampal cultures. At 6days in vitro (DIV), cultures were exposed to an acute concentration of glutamate (30μM) or TNF-α (5ng/ml) for 30min, followed by 24h recovery period. We then examined the effect of the pretreatments on calcium dynamics of the cells within the CA region. We found that pretreatment with TNF-α or glutamate caused in a significant reduction in subsequent glutamate-induced Ca2+ influx 24h later (control: 100.0±0.8%, n=7769 cells; TNF-α: 76.8±1.0%, n=5543 cells; glutamate: 75.3±1.4%, n=3859 cells; p<0.001). Antagonism of circulating TNF-α (using infliximab, 25μg/ml), and inhibition of the p38 MAP kinase pathway (using SB 203580, 10μM) completely reversed this effect. However glutamate preconditioning did not appear to be mediated by p38 MAP kinase signalling, or NMDAR activation as neither SB 203580 nor D-AP5 (100μM) altered this effect. Glutamate and TNF-α preconditioning resulted in small yet significant alterations in resting Ca2+ levels (control: 100.0±0.9%, n=2994 cells; TNF-α: 109.7±1.0%, n=2884 cells; glutamate; 93.3±0.8%, n=2899 cells; p<0.001), TNF-α's effect reversed by infliximab and SB 203580. Both TNF-α and glutamate also resulted in the reduction of the proportion (P) of responsive cells within the CA region of the hippocampus (control; P=0.459, 0.451≤x≥0.467, n=14,968 cells, TNF-α; P=0.40, 0.392≤x≥0.407, n=15,218; glutamate; P=0.388, 0.303≤x≥0.396, n=13,919 cells), and in the depression of the frequency of spontaneous Ca2+ events (vs. control: TNF-α: p>0.00001, D=0.0454; glutamate: p>0.0001, D=0.0534). Our results suggest that attenuation in resting Ca2+ activity and Ca2+ related responsiveness of cells within the CA region as a result of glutamate or TNF-α pre-exposure, may contribute to the development of ischemic tolerance. © 2011 Elsevier B.V. ER  - 
Supplementation with eicosapentaenoic omega-3 fatty acid does not influence serum brain-derived neurotrophic factor in diabetes mellitus patients with major depression: A randomized controlled pilot study; Background: Low brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) levels are observed in both depressed and diabetes patients. Animal research has shown that omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids increase BDNF levels. In this exploratory randomized double-blind placebo-controlled study in diabetes patients with major depression, we tested whether (a) omega- 3 ethyl-eicosapentaenoic acid (E-EPA) leads to increased serum BDNF levels and (b) whether changes in BDNF levels are associated with corresponding changes in depression. Methods: Patients received 1 g/day E-EPA (n = 13) or placebo (n = 12) for 12 weeks, in addition to ongoing antidepressant therapy. At baseline and 12-week follow-up, we determined serum BDNF levels and depression severity, using the Montgomery-sberg Depression Rating Scale. Results: We found no effect of E-EPA on BDNF levels (t = -0.144, p = 0.887), and changes in BDNF levels and depression severity were not significantly associated (Spearman's ρ = -0.115, p = 0.593). Conclusion: Our study does not provide evidence that supplementation with E-EPA improves BDNF levels in depressed diabetes patients already using antidepressants. Copyright © 2011 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Neurobiological and psychopathological variables related to emotional instability: A study of their capability to discriminate patients with bulimia nervosa from healthy controls; Objective: To analyze the capability of a set of neurobiological and psychopathological variables to discriminate bulimia nervosa (BN) patients from healthy controls. Method: Seventy-five female patients with purging BN and 30 healthy controls were compared for psychopathology (impulsivity, borderline personality traits, depressive symptoms and self-defeating personality traits) and neurobiological parameters reflecting hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis activity (morning serum cortisol before and after dexamethasone) and monoamine activity (24-hour urinary excretion of norepinephrine, serotonin, dopamine, and their main metabolites: 3-methoxy-4-hydroxyphenylglycol, 5-hydroxyindoleacetic acid, and homovanillic acid). Furthermore, the relationships between the 2 sets of variables were compared in the 2 samples. Results: BN patients displayed higher impulsivity, more severe depressive features, and more borderline and self-defeating personality traits than controls. The 4 psychopathological variables were strongly interrelated in patients, whereas only depressive features correlated with self-defeating personality traits in controls. Patients had lower 24-hour excretion of serotonin and dopamine than controls, as well as lower ability to suppress cortisol. The relations between the biochemical and the psychopathological variables were only significant in the BN patients, but not in the control group. When discriminant analysis methods were applied, patients and controls differed for psychopathology (impulsive behaviors and borderline personality traits) and biological parameters (baseline cortisol and dopamine excretion), but when the variables were analyzed together, the differences in neurobiological parameters appeared as mediated by the psychopathological status. Discussion: Our results suggest that hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis activity, dopamine activity and other biological parameters are worthy of further study as potential dimensional markers of BN, although they seem to depend on the psychopathological status of the patients, in such a way that the psychopathological items associated with emotional instability (impulsivity and borderline personality traits) seem to be more reliable as clinical markers at the time being. Copyright © 2011 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Functional outcome of OAT transporters during nitrosative stress; Nitrosative stress can be defined as the pathological state (e. g., inflammation) that involves a massive formation of nitrogen oxides (NOx). Because of the high reactivity of NOx, the nitrosative stress condition is often associated with chemical modification of genes, proteins and/or lipids, which may ultimately lead to the alteration in the physiological function of target biomolecules such as transporters. It was reported that patients with bacterial meningitis [i. e., inflammation in the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF)] were associated with an elevated level of benzylpenicillin in the CSF and the kinetic change appeared to be related to the altered elimination of the drug from the CSF to the systemic circulation. Based on series of in vivo and in vitro studies, the altered elimination was apparently related to over-production of NOx by the inflammation. Similarly, the functional activity of rOAT3, a transporter for the penicillin, was significantly depressed by exogenous NOx and the depressed activity reversed by superoxide dismutase, indicating that the inhibitory effect requires an activation, probably by the formation of peroxynitrite, with superoxide. When tyrosine residues (i. e., an amino acid that is known to be nitrated by peroxynitrite) in rOAT3 were switched to phenylalanine, certain variants exhibited a significant decrease in the function. Furthermore, a depression in the function was also noted when the similar mutagenesis was carried out for the two of three crucial tyrosine residues that were conserved in human OAT3, suggesting that other OATs having the tyrosine may be functionally sensitive by NOx. ER  - 
Is sub-chronic dietary tryptophan depletion a viable animal model of depression - A summation of new and past data; Background: Dietary induced-tryptophan (TRP) deficiency has been proposed as an animal model for depression. Studies have mostly tested acute TRP deficiency (ATD) with inconsistent results. Sub-chronic TRP deficiency (SCTD) may prove more sensitive. The aim was to test this hypothesis and optimise the time of SCTD-induced depression-related behaviour with associated biochemical and changes. Methods: Sprague Dawley (SD) rats were treated with a low TRP-containing diet for 0, 7 or 14 days. Peripheral and central neurochemical markers were measured. SCTD-induced depression-related behaviour was assessed by the forced swim test (FST). SCTD model sensitivity to antidepressants was tested by concomitant paroxetine treatment. Results: SCTD induced significant reductions in weight gain, measures of peripheral and central TRP and significant increases of corticosterone, aldosterone, and kynurenine (K), which has NMDA-ergic activity, whilst kynurenic acid (KA), an NMDA receptor antagonist decreased. 5-HT2 receptors measured by 3H-ketanserin binding were significantly up-regulated. SCTD significantly increased floating time and reduced swimming time in the FST which were reversed by paroxetine. Aldosterone plateaued after 7 days, whereas other changes maximised at 14 days SCTD. Conclusions: Findings indicate that 14 days SCTD was optimal in this proposed model which resembles human depression in terms of behavioural and neurochemical attributes. Aldosterone may be an early marker or causal link for depression development, whereas increased cortisol and hippocampus 5-HTreceptor density could be correlates of depressive behaviour. Consequential increases in NMDA signalling through increased K/KA ratios suggests the model may be useful for testing novel antidepressants which transcend the monoamine theory of depression. ER  - 
Use of dexmedetomidine in children with severe dyspnea due to malignant airway obstruction; Objectives: To describe our experience with dexmedetomidine infusion in the care of children presenting with severe respiratory distress due to malignant airway obstruction. Methods: We reviewed the charts of four children, one girl and three boys admitted to our ICU between January and August of 2010 with lesions invading the tracheobronchial tree, including an 8 year old with mucoepidermoid carcinoma and three adolescents suffering from Ewing sarcoma, osteosarcoma, and Wilms tumor. Results: All patients were managed with supplemental humidified oxygen, racemic epinephrine, high-dose steroids, and antibiotics for suspicion of tracheobronchial or pulmonary infection. Helium-oxygen mixtures were used in two cases. Intravenous opioids were utilized for pain relief. Dexmedetomidine infusion, ranging from 0.1 to 0.7 micrograms /kg/hr was used to mitigate anxiety. Duration of infusion varied from 18 to 96 hours. No complications such as respiratory depression or hemodynamic abnormalities were noted. Two children eventually underwent stent placement along with outpatient chemoradiation. Dexmedetomidine was utilized on subsequent readmissions to ICU for disease progression with good symptom control in both instances. Two children had lesions not amenable to stent placement. One improved and was discharged home, and the other child was eventually placed on propofol infusion for palliative sedation for rapidly progressive respiratory failure. Conclusion: Dexmedetomidine appeared to be a valuable agent in the management of severe respiratory distress in our small group of patients with malignant airway obstruction, and merits further evaluation in this setting. ER  - 
Dopamine and oxidative stress connection for bipolar disorder; It is well known that increased dopamine levels are an important source of oxidative stress in the brain, due to oxidative metabolism of dopamine. This presentation will review the evidence for dopamine hyperactivity in bipolar disorder and how dopamine hyperactivity might lead to increased oxidative stress. Neurobiological studies of bipolar disorder (BD) over the past 40 years have implicated excessive dopaminergic neurotransmission in mania and our brain imaging program using Positron Emission Tomography (PET) has provided further insights into precise alterations in dopaminergic system in BD. However, dopamine hyperactivity hypothesis alone is insufficient to fully explain the complex clinical manifestations as well as neurobiological findings in BD such as cognitive impairments and reductions in brain volumes etc. More recently, several investigators including our own group have begun investigating the role of mitochondrial dysfunction and oxidative stress in the pathophysiology of BD. Indeed, a growing body of evidence suggests that patients with BD have oxidative damage. A meta-analysis conducted by our group of studies of oxidative markers in BD patients indicated increased levels of a free radical nitric oxide (NO) as well as increased lipid peroxodation as indicated by elevated levels of Thiobarbituric acid reactive substances (TBARS). Further, recent post-mortem studies have indentified protein oxidative damage in prefrontal cortex and lipid peroxidation in cingulate cortex. Polymorphisms of antioxidant genes, mainly those related with the glutathione (GSH) synthetic pathway have also been reported in BD. As well, an antioxidant, N-acetylcysteine, which is a glutathione donor has been to shown to be effective in improving depressive symptoms in BD patients. This presentation will suggest that increased dopamine hyperactivity might be responsible for oxidative stress and mitochondrial dysfunction reported in BD. ER  - 
NMDA receptor antibody encephalitis; We report two cases of NMDA receptor antibody encephalitis in 2 teenage girls with similar presentations. One of the patients was initially diagnosed to have depression. She was seen by a child psychologist and a psychiatrist. A few months later she developed more violent mood swings, her school had concerns about bullying and she was also involved with the police. She was admitted to a psychiatric unit where her behaviour continued to deteriorate and she displayed decreased understanding at times. She often appeared distressed, adopting strange posturing and abnormal movements. At this stage she was referred back to the medics. On a general paediatric ward she was treated for encephalitis with IV antibiotics and acyclovir, and referred for a tertiary neurology opinion. Extensive investigations revealed diffuse cerebral dysfunction on EEG and CSF was positive for anti NMDA antibodies and oligoclonal bands. She was started on steroids and plasmapheresis. After 5 cycles she was given Immunoglobulin. Her behaviour slightly improved. She is now more responsive and is orientated to people, place and time. The pathogenesis of this disorder remains unknown but considered to be antibody-mediated encephalitis. In addition there is no consensus about management of this condition or imaging follow up for teratomas. We have learned from this case that thorough history taking is crucial and organic causes should always be carefully excluded before admitting a child to a psychiatric unit. We found management of this case challenging mainly because of the lack of evidence based management and follow up plan. ER  - 
A near fatal flight; LEARNING OBJECTIVES: 1. The diagnosis of hyperviscosity syndrome requires a high index of suspicion in patients with unexplained coma/ altered mental status or unexplained shortness of breath, especially in those with an underlying hematologic disorder. 2. Sometimes we miss a very obvious finding by attributing symptoms and signs in a patient to a previously made diagnosis. This case is a classic example of delayed diagnosis because of premature diagnostic closure or anchoring heuristics. CASE INFORMATION: Introduction: Air travel can be challenging, especially with an ongoing health condition. Some passengers may needs special precautions, particularly on a long haul flight. Case: This 67-year-old male presented with vomiting, fever and episodes of confusion. His past history included hypertension, chronic kidney disease (CKD) and lower gastrointestinal bleed 2 years ago, when he was found to have adenocarcinoma in a colonic polyp. One year later he had acute lower back pain, MRI showed possible “metastatic” lesions in the lumbosacral spine thought to be from colon cancer. Surgery was advised then, which he refused! He was given the prognosis of a few months. His current symptoms of fever and confusion started on a transatlantic flight while he was returning from Europe after a vacation. He had no neck signs but labs revealed acute worsening of his CKD with hematocrit of 18. He was started on broad spectrum antibiotics and received blood transfusion in the ER. Within a few hours of hospitalization patient developed chest pain with EKG changes - ST depression and rising troponin! What caused his NSTEMI was a dilemma. Bloodwork revealed a large globulin gap of 11 and an elevated serum viscosity. A workup was initiated for monoclonal gammopathies. Patient underwent an urgent plasmaphereis. He improved over the next 2 days and his confusion resolved.The patient outlived his diagnosis of “metastatic colon cancer” but the diagnosis of myeloma was delayed. SPEP, UPEP, bone survey, bone marrow biopsy confirmed multiple myeloma. Patient was found to have multiple lytic lesions in his spine, skull and long bones. The episodes of confusion were possibly related to hyperviscosity. The patient may have worsened from the associated dehydration from vomiting, fever, his long flight and finally blood transfusion. IMPLICATIONS/DISCUSSION: Hyperviscosity syndrome (HVS) refers to the clinical sequelae of increased blood viscosity. Hypergammaglobulinemia increases serum viscosity and is the most common cause of hyperviscosity syndrome. The reasons for elevated viscosity are increased protein content and large molecular size, abnormal polymerization, and abnormal shape of immunoglobulin molecules. Blood transfusion in these patients and can suddenly raise the blood viscosity and if required blood should be given very slowly. The most common complications of hyperviscosity syndrome include spontaneous mucous membrane bleeding, neurologic and pulmonary symptoms and retinopathy. The sludging may lead to segmental dilatation of retinal veins and retinal hemorrhages - “sausage-like” hemorrhagic retinal veins are pathognomic. Cardiopulmonary symptoms such as shortness of breath, hypoxemia, acute respiratory failure, and hypotension also result from this sludging of blood and decreased microvascular circulation. Acute myocardial infarction is an extremely rare complication with only a few case reports in literature. Prompt recognition and expeditious treatment are imperative in preventing deterioration. Aggressive fluid resuscitation and plasmapheresis are recommended, especially in patients with neurological, visual and other life-threatening manifestations. Cognitive psychologists refer to shortcuts in reasoning as “heuristics.” Anchoring heuristics lead physicians to stick with initial impressions or diagnosis that the patient carries. Doing so is far easier than integrating the sensitivity and specificity of every new finding encountered. However, the anchoring heuristic is fallible because it conflicts with the scientific principle of checking for disconfirming evidence. This can be a doubleedged sword as evidenced by this case of delayed diagnosis. And of course a near fatal flight!. ER  - 
The tipping point: Methadone as a trigger for serotonin syndrome; LEARNING OBJECTIVES: 1. To recall the clinical criteria for diagnosis of serotonin syndrome. 2. To be aware of the dangers of polypharmacy. CASE INFORMATION: A 39-year-old white woman with a history of hypothyroidism, migraine headaches, depression, pseudotumor cerebri, and chronic pelvic pain, presented with fever, tremors and altered mental status. Four days prior to admission, she started methadone for treatment of chronic pelvic pain. Two days prior to admission, she was somnolent and developed dysuria, and was prescribed trimethoprim/ sulfamethoxazole (TMP/SMX). One day prior to admission, her family noticed she was anxious and tremulous, answered questions inappropriately and was unable to perform usual activities. On the day of admission, her mental status significantly worsened and she developed fevers and tremors. The patient was taking 19 medications, including citalopram, buspirone, quetiapine, amitryptiline, levothyroxine, zonisamide, gabapentin, metformin, pravastatin, meclizine, promethazine, prochlorperazine, TMP/SMX and methadone. No recent changes in medications had been made with exception of the addition of TMP/SMX and methadone. On examination, temperature was 101.9°F with a heart rate of 122 beats per minute. She was diaphoretic, difficult to arouse, and her speech was unintelligible. Pupils were dilated, but reactive. Fundoscopic, cardiac, pulmonary, and abdominal exams were unremarkable. Extremities were tremulous and rigid with inducible clonus. CT head was unremarkable. Laboratory studies revealed sodium 132, glucose 239, white blood cell count 20, creatine phosphokinase 567, urine drug screen positive for methadone, and urinalysis positive for leukocyte esterase and nitrites. Antibiotics were given for her urinary tract infection, and intravenous fluids and benzodiazepines were given for treatment of serotonin syndrome. The patient's mental status, rigidity, and tremors improved within hours of benzodiazepine administration. IMPLICATIONS/DISCUSSION: Serotonin syndrome is an underrecognized and potentially life-threatening condition. Diagnosis is made using the Hunter Serotonin Toxicity Criteria (sensitivity 84%; specificity 97%), which requires one of the following after exposure to a serotonergic agent: spontaneous clonus; inducible clonus with agitation or diaphoresis; ocular clonus with agitation or diaphoresis; tremor and hyperreflexia; or hypertonia, temperature above 100.4°F (38°C), and ocular or inducible clonus. Serum serotonin levels do not correlate with clinical findings, however elevated white blood cell count and creatine phosphokinase or low serum bicarbonate may be seen. Medications that may induce serotonin syndrome include amphetamines, selective serotonin and/or norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors, antipsychotics, antiemetics, anti-migraines, and linezolid. In addition, certain synthetic opioids includingmethadone, pethinidine, tramadol, dextromethorphan and propoxyphene act as weak inhibitors of monoamine reuptake. Our patient was concomitantly using seven of these medications, and the addition of methadone likely precipitated the syndrome. Treatment includes removal of offending agent(s), supportive care, and benzodiazapines for agitation and tremor. Cyproheptadine, a serotonin 2A antagonist, can be used to control continued autonomic instability. In summary, this case is a reminder that as the arsenal of medications at our disposal multiplies rapidly, we must be increasingly aware of the dangers of polypharmacy. ER  - 
A 67-year-old man with weight loss and diarrhea; LEARNING OBJECTIVES: 1. Recognize isolated retroperitoneal lymphadenopathy as an overlooked presentation of Whipples Disease. 2. Recognize key principles of evaluation of late-onset Whipples Disease from the perspective of an internist to enable faster diagnosis and initiation of treatment. CASE INFORMATION: A 67-year-old man presented to his primary care doctor with threemonths of poor appetite, weight loss, and persistent nonbloody diarrhea. He complained of fatigue and intermittent chest pain with a chronic nonproductive cough.Hedeniedfevers, chills, ornightsweats.He denied any allergies. He took no medications. He had a remote smoking history (eight pack years), but quit thirty years ago. He denied alcohol or illicit substance abuse. He lived on a farm with his wife along with cattle, goats, and several dogs and cats as pets. Travel and family history were unremarkable. Physical examwas notable for cachetic body with proximal muscle atrophy. An exhaustive outpatient workup including stress test, colonoscopy, and stool studies revealed no abnormality. He experienced severe depression and marked impairment of activities of daily living. He was admitted to the hospital nine months after onset of symptoms due to failure to thrive and alteredmental status. An abdominal CTscan revealed only retroperitoneal and mesenteric lymphadenopathywithout evidence of malignancy. He ultimately underwent upper endoscopy which was macroscopically normal. A duodenalmucosal biopsy revealed small round cells of the lamina propria stained densely and coarsely for PAS. Rod shaped bacilli were seen on electron microscopy. Both findings are diagnostic of Whipples Disease. IMPLICATIONS/DISCUSSION: Late onsetWhipple's disease is extremely rare. Between 1907 and 1987 there were 696 reported cases; the annual incidence since 1980 has been approximately 30 cases per year internationally. It has a predilection for males of European ancestry, farmers, or people with exposure to soil and animals. It is a systemic disease which may present only with cardiopulmonary symptoms or neurologic symptoms in more advanced cases, though it usually presents with weight loss and diarrhea. In our patient, the presentation is atypical with isolated retroperitoneal lymphadenopathy on CT. Though lymphadenopathy can be seen in up to half of the cases of Whipples disease, it is a frequently overlooked manifestation. This leads to a delay in diagnosis as duodenalmucosamay appear normal onupper endoscopy and mesenteric lymphadenopathy may be the only diagnostic tissue available at time of clinical presentation. If a PAS stain is not specifically investigated on duodenal or lymph node biopsy, the disease can gounrecognized and prove fatal. Malignancy, infections, sarcoidosis and other inflammatory conditionsmay present with retroperitoneal lymphadenopathy and can be ruled out by biopsy. Whipples disease should be considered with the clinical syndrome of chronic diarrhea, weight loss and retroperitoneal lymphadenopathy on imaging. Given the severity and chronicity of his symptoms, earlier hospital admission with amore efficient evaluationmayhave proven medically and fiscally beneficial for our patient. Faster diagnosis dramatically reduces mortality associated with Whipples Disease as symptoms regress within a few weeks of treatment initiation with antibiotics and the overall prognosis for patients is excellent. ER  - 
Unusual presentation of a common bacterial infection; LEARNING OBJECTIVES: 1. Approach to a case of undetermined acute hepatitis. 2. Recognize the presentation of mycoplasma pneumonia hepatitis. CASE INFORMATION: 27 year old white female presented with a week history of acute right upper quadrant abdominal pain associated with nausea, fatigue, anorexia, myalgias and arthralgias in extremities. On exam she has RUQ tenderness along with signs of arthritis, joint swelling in all the extremities. Labs showed an elevated LFTs with AST of 1242, ALT of 672, Alkaline phosphatase of 208 and Total bilirubin of 1.0. Amylase and Lipase were normal. CBC showed pancytopenia with WBC of 2.2, HGB 10.9, Platelets of 89 with neutropenia and lymphopenia indicating bone marrow depression. US of RUQ revealed fatty liver without any evidence of cholelithiasis or choledocholithiasis. Subsequent MRCP revealed the same. X rays of knee and elbow showed small joint effusions suggestive of synovitis. Work up of noninfectious hepatitis with Anti Smooth muscle, actin , dsDNA antibodies, Rheumatic factor, Anti-CCP, Anti Mitochondrial antibodies, Iron studies with TIBC/Fe ratio were negative. Ferritin was elevated at 804 so a Hemochromatosis work up with C282Y, H63D, S65C gene mutations was ordered which was negative. ESR, CRP, Cold Agglutinins, Cryoglobulins, complement levels were normal. Acute Viral Hepatitis screen for A, B, C; Hep C PCR, Antibodies to Parvovirus, CMV, West nile were negative. Fungal etiology work up with Histoplasma, Cryptococcus antigen were negative. Bacterial infectious etiology with Q fever phase I and Phase II antibodies, quantiferon gold test for TB were negative. Finally IgM antibody Mycoplasma Pneumonia was ordered which was strongly positive. Subsequently a CT guided biopsy was ordered to exclude any other etiologies. Biopsy showed acute centrilobular cholestasis without any evidence of autoimmune hepatitis. Thus a diagnosis of Acute hepatitis secondary to Mycoplasma Pneumonia was made with a secondary reactive arthritis. She was started on antibiotics and steroids. Her Pancytopenia improved completely along with improving liver function tests at the time of discharge. IMPLICATIONS/DISCUSSION: Mycoplasma pneumonia is a major cause of respiratory infections in children. Most M. pneumonia infections in adults involve the respiratory tract presenting with mild fever and nonproductive cough to severe pneumonia. Extrapulmonary manifestations of M. pneumonia infection involves the cardiovascular, neurologic and hematologic systems. Until 2002 M. pneumonia associated cholestatic hepatitis has been reported only in children. Concomitant liver disease is extremely rare in adults. The pathogenesis of extrapulmonary disease in M. pneumonia infection is not well known and possible mechanism includes infection of hepatocytes as well as immune-mediated damage by antibodies. We are reporting this unusual presentation of a common bacterial infection presenting with acute hepatitis and hematologic involvement without any pulmonary manifestations. The diagnosis is based on positive IgM antibodies to M. Pneumonia and clinical improvement after institution of the antibiotic therapy. Our clinical case suggests that the differential diagnosis of unexplained acute hepatitis should include M. pneumonia infection. ER  - 
Gender differences in the COPD resource network needs assessment survey 2007; Background: Gender differences in COPD have been reported although the etiology of these differences is not well understood. We report the gender differences in symptoms, comorbidities and perceptions regarding care received for their COPD in a nation-wide, population-based survey. Methods: From a national sample of 4,003 households in which one or more persons reported a diagnosis of COPD, 2,719 patients responded via questionnaire. Surveys were conducted during 2007. After exclusion of 346 patients with a concomittant diagnosis of asthma, responses from 1,129 men (48%) and 1,244 women (52%) with COPD were analyzed. Comparisons between genders utlizied chi-square or student's t-test where appropriate. Results: Similar frequency of dyspnea between women and men were reported (89% vs. 89%, p=0.78 ), but women reported less frequent cough (52% vs 57%, p=0.006) and phlegm (48% vs. 59%, p<0.001). Compared with men, women reported a higher burden of comorbidities, including anxiety (24.4% vs. 12.9%, p<0.001), depression (24% vs. 15.8%, p=0.01), migraines (5.4% vs. 1.5%, p=0.001), obesity (16.9% vs 9.9%, p=0.01), and osteoporosis (36.3% vs 9%, p<0.001). Women also perceived greater barriers to accessing care including antibiotics (OR 2.03, p=0.001), symptom-controlling medications (OR 1.35, p=0.01), and pulmonary rehabilitation programs (OR 1.51, p<0.001). Compared with men, women were less likely to perceive their physician as sympathetic to their disease (OR 0.53, p=0.01) and less easy to reach (OR 0.54, p=0.003). Women more often believed their diagnosis was frequently delayed (OR 1.57, p=0.01) with a trend toward fewer physician visits in the last 12-months (7.7 vs. 8.3, p=0.07). Women believed they were less likely to receive education from their physician (OR 0.58, p<0.001), relying with higher frequency on information from patient organizations (OR 1.23, p=0.03), other patients (OR 1.45 p=0.003), and books and magazines (OR 1.58, p<0.001). Despite these differences, women more frequently believed in the importance of promoting education (OR 1.79, p <0.0001), research (OR 1.34, p=0.002), screening (OR 1.96, p <0.0001), and public awareness (OR 1.79, p<0.0001) about COPD. Conclusions: Significant differences in symptoms, comorbidities and perceived access to care for COPD patients were reported between men and women suggesting an opportunity to better understand and improve patient care of COPD. ER  - 
Corticosteroids and Activated Protein C improve sepsis-induced cardiac dysfunction during septic shock; Background: corticosteroids and Activated Protein C (APC) are recommended during septic shock. Myocardial depression has long been recognized as a manifestation of organ dysfunction in septic shock. Objective: we examined whether corticosteroids (dexamethasone) and/or APC treatments improve sepsis-induced cardiac dysfunction during septic shock in rats. Methods: We compared cardiac effetcs of APC and/or dexamethasone in a rat model of septic shock induced by cecal ligature and puncture (CLP). All rats received fluid resuscitation and antibiotics through a tunnelled catheter. 18 hours after surgery, myocardial function was studied using a conductance catheter introduced into the left ventricle. Rats were then sacrificed; blood, heart and arteries were harvested for biological analysis. Results: CLP induced hypotension, depression of myocardial systolic performance (decrease in end-systolic pressure-volume relationship (ESPVR), dP/dtmax, preload recruitable stroke work (PRSW)) and alteration of diastolic function (dP/dtmin). Corticosteroids, APC and combination of these two treatments allowed correction of sepsis-induced cardiac dysfunction. CLP was associated with higher expression of iNOS and higher levels of nitrite/nitrate in plasma. We found that these treatments improved cardiac dysfunction by down-regulating iNOS pathway. In this hyperdynamic model, we found a significant cardiac output increase in untreated rats, associated with a higher oxygen consumption assessed by parameter “pressure-volume area”. Surprisingly, myocardial ATP levels and ATD/ADP ratio determined by HPLC were significantly decreased in this group despite higher oxygen need, demonstrating mechanoenergetics inefficiency in septic heart. Conclusion: corticosteroids and APC improve sepsis-induced cardiac dysfunction during septic shock, as assessed by left ventricular conductance catheterism. Improvement is related to down-regulation of iNOS pathway and increasing cardiac energetics efficiency. ER  - 
Non-ulcerative dyspepsia: Diagnosis and management; Dyspepsia is classified as non-ulcerative when no definite biochemical or structural cause for symptoms can be found after a clinically appropriate investigation has been conducted. Non-ulcerative dyspepsia (NUD) patients have a number of somatic complaints, as well as symptoms of depression and anxiety. Extensive diagnostic testing should be done in patients with serious risk factors. In patients with no risk factors, empiric therapy with an acid suppressant, prokinetic agent, or antimicrobial with activity against Helicobacter pylori should be considered. Psychotropic agents should be considered for patients with co-morbid depression and anxiety. The treatment of NUD requires a fine balance between pharmacologic management of functional disease and psychological disease. Although NUD has a benign nature, it is generally a lifelong problem. ER  - 
A review on the oxidative and nitrosative stress (O&NS) pathways in major depression and their possible contribution to the (neuro)degenerative processes in that illness; This paper reviews the body of evidence that major depression is accompanied by a decreased antioxidant status and by induction of oxidative and nitrosative (IO&NS) pathways. Major depression is characterized by significantly lower plasma concentrations of a number of key antioxidants, such as vitamin E, zinc and coenzyme Q10, and a lowered total antioxidant status. Lowered antioxidant enzyme activity, e.g.ǧglutathione peroxidase (GPX), is another hallmark of depression. The abovementioned lowered antioxidant capacity may impair protection against reactive oxygen species (ROS), causing damage to fatty acids, proteins and DNA by oxidative and nitrosative stress (O&NS). Increased ROS in depression is demonstrated by increased levels of plasma peroxides and xanthine oxidase. Damage caused by O&NS is shown by increased levels of malondialdehyde (MDA), a by-product of polyunsaturated fatty acid peroxidation and arachidonic acid; and increased 8-hydroxy-2-deoxyguanosine, indicating oxidative DNA damage. There is also evidence in major depression, that O&NS may have changed inactive autoepitopes to neoantigens, which have acquired immunogenicity and serve as triggers to bypass immunological tolerance, causing (auto)immune responses. Thus, depression is accompanied by increased levels of plasma IgG antibodies against oxidized LDL; and increased IgM-mediated immune responses against membrane fatty acids, like phosphatidyl inositol (Pi); oleic, palmitic, and myristic acid; and NO modified amino-acids, e.g. NO-tyrosine, NO-tryptophan and NO-arginine; and NO-albumin. There is a significant association between depression and polymorphisms in O&NS genes, like manganese superoxide dismutase, catalase, and myeloperoxidase. Animal models of depression very consistently show lowered antioxidant defences and activated O&NS pathways in the peripheral blood and the brain. In animal models of depression, antidepressants consistently increase lowered antioxidant levels and normalize the damage caused by O&NS processes. Antioxidants, such as N-acetyl-cysteine, compounds that mimic GPX activity, and zinc exhibit antidepressive effects. This paper reviews the pathways by which lowered antioxidants and O&NS may contribute to depression, and the (neuro)degenerative processes that accompany that illness. It is concluded that aberrations in O&NS pathways are - together with the inflammatory processes - key components of depression. All in all, the results suggest that depression belongs to the spectrum of (neuro)degenerative disorders. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
An intriguing and hitherto unexplained co-occurrence: Depression and chronic fatigue syndrome are manifestations of shared inflammatory, oxidative and nitrosative (IO&NS) pathways; There is a significant 'comorbidity' between depression and myalgic encephalomyelitis/chronic fatigue syndrome (ME/CFS). Depressive symptoms frequently occur during the course of ME/CFS. Fatigue and somatic symptoms (F&S), like pain, muscle tension, and a flu-like malaise, are key components of depression. At the same time, depression and ME/CFS show major clinical differences, which allow to discriminate them with a 100% accuracy. This paper aims to review the shared pathways that underpin both disorders and the pathways that discriminate them. Numerous studies have shown that depression and ME/CFS are characterized by shared aberrations in inflammatory, oxidative and nitrosative (IO&NS) pathways, like systemic inflammation and its long-term sequels, including O&NS-induced damage to fatty acids, proteins and DNA; dysfunctional mitochondria; lowered antioxidant levels, like zinc and coenzyme Q10; autoimmune responses to neoepitopes formed by O&NS; lowered omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid levels; and increased translocation of gram-negative bacteria. Some IO&NS-related pathways, like the induction of indoleamine 2-3-dioxygenase, neurodegeneration and decreased neurogenesis, are more specific to depression, whereas other pathways, like the 2′-5′ oligoadenylate synthetase/RNase L pathway, are specific to ME/CFS. Most current animal models of depression, e.g. those induced by cytokines, are not reminiscent of human depression but reflect a mixture of depressive and F&S symptoms. The latter symptoms, sometimes called sickness behavior, differ from depression and ME/CFS because the former is a (sub)acute response to infection-induced pro-inflammatory cytokines that aims to enhance recovery, whereas the latter are characterized by long-term sequels in multiple IO&NS pathways. Depression and ME/CFS are not 'comorbid' disorders, but should be regarded as 'co-associated disorders' that are clinical manifestations of shared pathways. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Fatty acid status and maternal mental health; Maternal mental health (MMH) problems are a major public health concern with adverse consequences for women, their offspring and families. Intake of long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids, especially the n-3 fatty acids docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid, which are found predominantly in cold water fish, has been associated with a range of mental health outcomes and may improve MMH. The demands for these fatty acids are increased during pregnancy and lactation, and may influence MMH as they are integral parts of cell membranes especially in the brain and play a role in physiological processes such as membrane fluidity and neurotransmitter function. Observational studies and intervention trials that have examined the role of fatty acids and MMH disorders especially post-partum depression (PPD) were identified using Pubmed and have been reviewed. Only three well-designed large prospective studies were identified; these studies examined the relationship between dietary intakes of n-3 fatty acids and fish during pregnancy, and found limited evidence of an association with PPD. Several intervention trials (n=8) have been done but generally suffer from small sample size and vary in terms of the study subject characteristics and timing, duration and dosage of the intervention. The results are mixed, but one recently completed large trial found no evidence of benefit among women who received DHA during pregnancy. Few studies have been conducted in developing countries, and gaps remain on the influence of other nutrient deficiencies, genetic polymorphisms that influence n-3 fatty acid synthesis and total fatty acid intake. © 2011 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Pathobiological targets of depression; Introduction: Depression is one of the most prevalent and life-threatening forms of mental illness associated with significant disability and mortality. About 21% of the world's population is affected by depression. Areas covered: The various pathological factors involved in depression are: monoamine hypothesis, neurotransmitter receptor hypothesis, neurotrophic factor hypothesis, hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) dysregulation, oxidative stress, cytokine hypothesis and NO pathway. Recent drug therapies used to treat depression include: selective serotonin re-uptake inhibitors, norepinephrine and dopamine re-uptake inhibitors and several herbal drugs. The present review focuses on recently unraveled pathogenetic hypotheses and therapeutics of mental depression. Moreover, various evaluation models for antidepressants are discussed. Expert opinion: Stress can be considered as a major contributor to the development of depressive disorder due to the dysregulation of HPA axis. Cytokine effects on behavior are believed to be related in part to their effects on neurotransmitter and neuropeptide function, synaptic plasticity and neuroendocrine function. Although there are multiple pathways that are involved in the pathogenesis of depression, the current antidepressants mainly target monoaminergic pathway. However, the therapeutic potential of other pathways is still under investigation. Drugs targeting NO, cytokines and the kynurenine acid pathway might be the drugs of choice in near future. © 2011 Informa UK, Ltd. ER  - 
Modulatory effect of cod-liver oil on Na+-K+ ATPase in rats' brain; Omega-3 fatty acids were used in the treatment of psychiatric diseases such as bipolar disorder. Na+, K+-ATPase is also a well-known target for these fatty acids. In this study, we investigated the impact of cod-liver oil (CLO), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) on Na+, K+-ATPase, cholinesterase activities, the levels of norepinephrine (NE) and acetylcholine in different regions of rat brain. Our results showed that DHA caused a significant depression in cerebellum Na +, K+-ATPase, whereas CLO activated it. In addition, CLO, EPA and DHA produced a significant activation in Na+, K +-ATPase activity in medulla, midbrain and hypothalamus. There were non-significant changes in the activity of cholinesterase enzyme in cerebellum and medulla, while in midbrain and hypothalamus the CLO, DHA and EPA enhanced the activity by 75%, 100% and 78%, respectively. The content of NE in hypothalamus showed slight increase in different regions of the brain of animals fed CLO, DHA or EPA. In conclusion, CLO, DHA or EPA supplementation had a beneficial effect that associated with a normalization of fatty acids incorporation into phospholipid membranes and a partial restoration of Na +, K+-ATPase activity, suggesting that CLO supplementation may improve fatty acid composition and moderately enhance Na+, K+-ATPase activity. © The Author(s) 2010. ER  - 
Inflammation-associated depression: From serotonin to kynurenine; In the field of depression, inflammation-associated depression stands up as an exception since its causal factors are obvious and it is easy to mimic in an animal model. In addition, quasi-experimental studies can be carried out in patients who are treated chronically with recombinant cytokines for a medical condition since these patients can be studied longitudinally before, during and after stimulation of the immune system. These clinical studies have revealed that depression is a late phenomenon that develops over a background of early appearing sickness. Incorporation of this feature in animal models of inflammation-associated depression has allowed the demonstration that alterations of brain serotoninergic neurotransmission do not play a major role in the pathogenesis. This is in contrast to the activation of the tryptotphan degrading enzyme indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase that generates potentially neurotoxic kynurenine metabolites such as 3-hydroxy kynurenine and quinolinic acid. Although the relative importance of peripherally versus centrally produced kynurenine and the cellular source of production of this compound remain to be determined, these findings provide new targets for the treatment of inflammation-associated depression that could be extended to other psychiatric conditions mediated by activation of neuroimmune mechanisms. © 2010 Elsevier Ltd. ER  - 
Unseen face of polypharmacy in Alzhemer's disease-a focus on drug-drug interactions; Background: The elders are more sensitive to adverse effects of pharmacotherapy for reasons ranging from pharmacokinetic (Cytochrome P450 system of enzymes: 1A2, 2B6, 2C9, 2C19, 2D6, 2E1, 3A34) and pharmacodynamic properties of the agents to inherent biological differences in an aging body and brain. Pharmacokinetic factors and propensity to cause drug-drug interactions are particularly important in elderly patients who have often been prescribed multiple medications for various comorbid physical conditions. Objective: The objective of this study is evaluation of drug-drug interactions in treatment of Major Depressive Disorder with/ without psychiatric and somatic comorbidities. Method: Retrospective review study of the psychiatric charts of randomly taken 75 inpatients with Alzheimer's Disease (according to DSMIVTR) with/without psychiatric or somatic co-morbidities, admitted to Obregia Hospital over the last two years. First we collected data about patients age and gender, principal diagnosis, psychiatric and somatic comorbidities, psychiatric and somatic medications, smoking, coffee and alcohol use. Then, we reevaluated patient's treatment received in hospital and collected data about antibiotics and symptomatic drugs use. We analyzed statistically these data and assessed the drug interactions. Results: Among the 75 inpatients with Alzheimer's Disease we evaluated, the vast majority was between 60-80 years old; 69% of patients are female (elders tend to metabolize drug slower than younger, men faster than woman). Most of patients had psychiatric and somatic comorbidities. Treatment for cardiovascular (beta-blockers: 1A2, 2C19, 2D6, 3A34, their level is increased by duloxetine; calcium channel blockers: 1A2, 3A34; antiarrythmics: 2D6, 3A34), endocrine (HMGCoA reductase inhibitors: 3A34; oral hypoglycemic agents: 2C9; insulin: 1A2) and gastrointestinal (proton pump inhibitors: 1A2, 2C9, 2C19, 3A34; H2 blockers: 1A2, 2C9, 2C19, 2D6, 3A34, increase level of venlafaxine and long acting benzodiazepines causing sedation) comorbidities were the most frequent. Smoking (1A2, 2A6, decreases olanzapine, benzodiazepine, duloxetine and propranolol levels, increases memantine levels), increased synthesis of HSP-70 and a decrease of NGF. GK-2 decreased hyperexpression of HSP-70 in cerebral cortex and did not affect NGF level. Ischemic conditions caused a decrease in cell viability in cortex (about 11%) compared with the sham-operated group, but not in hippocampus. GK-2 completely restored the viability of the cerebral cortex cells. Conclusions: The dipeptide GK-2 fully restores the viability of the cerebral cortex cells, decreases hyperexpression of HSP-70 in the cerebral cortex and restores impaired exploratory behavior in rats subjected to incomplete global ischemia. ER  - 
Phenotyping men with Interstitial Cystitis/Painful Bladder; INTRODUCTION AND OBJECTIVES: Interstitial Cystitis/Painful Bladder Syndrome (IC/PBS) is most commonly characterized by urgency and frequency of urination, painful urination, and chronic pelvic pain. IC/PBS is less commonly diagnosed in men. Men with refractory pelvic pain and lower urinary tract symptoms who are ultimately found to have IC/PBS frequently demonstrate a common constellation of non-genitourinary symptoms. The purpose of this study was to review the signs, symptoms, and co-morbidities of men with pelvic pain and voiding dysfunction in order to make an earlier diagnosis and institute treatment in men with IC/PBS. METHODS: A retrospective analysis of male patients who underwent cystoscopy and hydrodistension for pelvic pain and lower urinary tract symptoms in the last 6 years was performed. Most patients' workup included a detailed history and physical, urine and semen cultures, and multiple courses of antibiotics. The diagnosis of IC/PBS was based on glomerulations found in the bladder mucosa after cystoscopic hydrodistension under general anesthesia. Demographic and treatment related outcomes were reviewed. RESULTS: From January 2005 to July 2010, 166 men underwent cystoscopy with hydrodistension under general anesthesia for clinical symptoms of IC/PBS. A total of 96 men demonstrated National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases objective criteria for IC/PBS. In addition to their chronic pelvic pain, 84% of these men had common associated co-morbidities including chronic gastrointestinal complaints (45%), anxiety/depression (41%), chronic back pain (38%), chronic joint painμeuropathy (26%), and/or migraines (11%). Also, 35% of patients have a history of narcotic and/or benzodiazepine dependence. CONCLUSIONS: Based on our experience, men with IC/PBS demonstrate characteristic psycho-social, chronic pain, and gastrointestinal problems that concomitantly and adversely affect quality of life which are similar to those found in women. These clinical findings support the role of a multi-disciplinary approach for males with IC/PBS and should alert the urologist to have a low threshold for cystoscopy with hydrodistension. ER  - 
Potential role of BDNF in the omega-3 fatty acid supplementation to prevent posttraumatic distress; Purpose of study: We found that roughly one in every four patients developed some forms of posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD: full PTSD, 8%; partial PTSD, 16%) at one month after the motor vehicle accident in Japan [Matsuoka et al, Crit Care Med, 2008]. Kawakita and his colleagues reported that dietary docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) promoted the maturation of neurons and hippocampal neurogenesis in adult rats [Kawakita et al, Neuroscience, 2006]. Preclinical studies suggest that dietary omega-3 fatty acids affected brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF). Kitamura and his colleagues showed that hippocampal neurogenesis contributed to the clearance of fear memory in mouse [Kitamura et al, Cell, 2009]. Based on these plausible animal studies, we hypothesized that promoting adult neurogenesis by omega-3 fatty acids from fish might facilitate clearance of fear memory. We conducted a pilot trial and reported that omega-3 fatty acids supplementation significantly reduced PTSD symptoms in accident-injured patients consecutively admitted to an intensive care unit [Matsuoka et al, J Clin Psychopharmacol, 2010]. Subject sample and statement of methods: In a secondary analysis of this trial, we evaluated whether BDNF levels were elevated by omega-3 fatty acid supplementation after trauma and whether changes in BDNF were associated with prevention of posttraumatic distress such as PTSD and depression. Fifteen consecutive patients received 1,470 mg DHA and 147 mg eicosapentaenoic acid daily for 12 weeks. PTSD and depression was assessed at 4 and 12 week follow-up. We measured serum BDNF levels in the emergency room, and at 4 and 12 week follow-up. Summary of results: The serum BDNF levels were significantly elevated after omega-3 fatty acid supplementation (52.36 [SD = 16.69] vs. 79.83 [SD = 13.79], p = 0.001) and these changes were found to be associated with reduced posttraumatic distress on follow-up. These findings support the putative mechanism that omega-3 fatty acid supplementation was associated with an increase in serum BDNF and that increase might attenuate posttraumatic distress. ER  - 
A mortal case of moonshine; Case Presentation: A 50-year-old male painter with a history of depression presented to the emergency room with altered mental status. His wife stated he had been acting strangely the night prior to admission and was found in bed that morning unresponsive and diaphoretic. He had been depressed because of recently losing his job. Initial vital signs revealed hypothermia (35°C), tachycardia (121 beats per minute), and hypoxia (oxygen saturation of 85% on a 100% nonrebreather). Exam was notable for a middle- aged, well-developed diaphoretic man in severe respiratory distress. His Glasgow coma score was 3 (E1M1V1), and his pupils were fixed and dilated. A stat arterial blood gas revealed a pH of 6.76, pCO2 of 25.8 mm Hg, and bicarbonate of 3.5 mEq/L. Laboratory results included a sodium of 137, potassium 7.4, bicarbonate 5, chloride 101, blood urea nitrogen 9, creatinine 2.0, glucose 368, lactic acid 11.8 mmol/L, and serum osmolality 378 mOsm/kg. His anion gap was 31, calculated osmolar gap 78, and serum alcohol level < 5 mg/dL. He was intubated and started on a bicarbonate infusion for metabolic acidosis and hyperkalemia. Shortly after intubation, he developed generalized tonic-clonic seizures, requiring intravenous lorazepam and phenobarbital administration. On further questioning, his wife noted that he complained of blurry vision the night prior to admission and had been alone in the garage all day. Given his severe anion-gap metabolic acidosis and high calculated osmolar gap, toxic alcohol ingestion was suspected. Methanol toxicity was suspected because of the blurred vision, and his wife confirmed his access to paint thinner. Fomepizole therapy was initiated, followed by emergent hemodialysis. Despite initiating treatment within hours of admission, his neurological status did not improve and subsequent computed tomography of the head revealed diffuse edema and bilateral uncal herniation. Brain death was confirmed with an apnea test. Toxicology screen later confirmed methanol toxicity. Discussion: Methanol poisoning in the United States is rare, with only 2059 cases resulting in 11 fatalities in 2007. Methanol, or wood alcohol, is a common solvent used in antifreeze and paint thinner and as an alternative to ethanol for ingestion (moonshine). Initially nontoxic, digestion and oxidization by alcohol dehydrogenase lead to formaldehyde and formic acid, causing end-organ damage and potentially death if not rapidly recognized and treated. Concomitant ingestion of ethanol can competitively inhibit alcohol dehydrogenase, thus delaying clinical presentation. Conclusions: This case illustrates morbidity and mortality is related to delays in presentation and treatment. Empiric fomepizole is warranted with an anion-gap metabolic acidosis and high calculated osmolar gap without awaiting toxicology screen, with the differential including methanol, ethylene glycol, and isopropyl alcohol poisoning. Poor outcomes are associated with a pH < 7.0 and neurological dysfunction on presentation. ER  - 
Venlafaxin and/or clindamycin induced agranulocytosis: A case report; Introduction Agranulocytosis is a life-threatening disorder that frequently occurs as an adverse reaction to drugs. Drug-induced agranulocytosis is characterized by a neutrophil number decrease under 0.5 × 109/l, and in serious forms under 0.1 × 109/l, which mostly occurs in patients treated with antibiotics, antithyroid and antiplatelet agents. Here we report a case of drug-induced agranulocytosis caused by venlafaxin and/or clindamycin. Materials & Methods An 88-year-old woman was hospitalized in an orthopedic surgery unit for a streptococcal acute arthritis on her total knee prosthesis, associated with bacteraemia. Oral clindamycin was started on January, 3rd 2010, in replacement of the intravenous antibiotics treatment with cefepime and teicoplanin. She presented an episode of major depression and on January, 13th 2010, venlafaxin was introduced at 37.5 mg/day, then increased to 75 mg/day sixteen days later. On February 7th 2010, eight days later, the patient presented fever and shiver. A blood study was conducted in which neutrophil disappearance and positive bacteraemia, identified as Staphylococcus epidermidis, were detected. Clindamycin and venlafaxin were stopped immediately (hematological adverse events are known for both these drugs). Other treatments that were taken since a long time ago were continued. Results Bone marrow examination confirmed the hypothesis of toxic agranulocytosis because of a “myeloid blocking” at the stage of promyelocyte. Treatment with hematopoietic growth factor (lenograstim), one injection/day, associated with a new antibiotic therapy (linezolide, ceftriaxone and ciprofloxacin), was started. The patient's granulocytes number increased quickly after the hematopoietic growth factor treatment during 3 days, and the removal of both above-mentioned drugs. Blood cell counts were completely normal on February, 12th 2010. Discussion & Conclusion The woman without previous hematological diseases presented agranulocytosis less than three weeks after venlafaxin and clindamycin administration. Drug-induced agranulocytosis is mediated either by a direct toxicity with destruction of myeloid cells (dose dependent of the drug or the metabolite) which appears during treatment (low doses are sometimes tolerated), or by an immune/allergic reaction (dose independent) requiring a first contact. To explain this toxicity, we deeply suspect a direct toxicity of venlafaxin, whose dose was increased few days before agranulocytosis occurrence. Literature review showed a similar case reported in 2000 [1]. We can although suspect toxicity of clindamycin because several cases are found in the literature. Clinical evolution of agranulocytosis was favorable with treatment. Lenograstim was found to be useful to shorten the duration to standard blood count recovery without major toxicity. This agranulocytosis case has been reported to the drug-monitoring center. ER  - 
Clinical features of dress syndrome: A series of 21 documented cases; Introduction: Initially described for sulfamides and anticonvulsants, the DRESS syndrome was now reported for numerous drugs; we report a series of 21 cases. Methods: DRESS syndromes, notified to the Regional center of Pharmacovigilance over a period of 7 years, were selected using criteria described by Mockenhaupt (JDDG, 2009; 7: 142-162). The excluded cases were those with a score <2. A prospective and standardized study was performed to collect maximum data. Results: Twenty-one patients (9 M/12 F), were included with an average age of 54 years. Patient histories were: hypertension (30%), depression (50%), renal impairment (25%). Half of patients had a personal or family atopic history. Suspected drugs were: antibiotics (11), anticonvulsants (4), NSAIDs (3), allopurinol (2), others (2). Using Mockenhaupt's criteria, 10/21 reports obtained a score >5 (certain), 8/21 a score of 4-5 (probable), 3/21 a score of 2-3 (possible). Median delay was 21 day, shorter for antibiotics and NSAIDs but longer for anticonvulsivants. Corticosteroid therapy did not modify the mean duration of the syndrome (23 vs. 22 day). Fever was omnipresent (except with allopurinol), peaking in 72 h. Skin reaction was always present but variable in its expression (mainly maculopapular or pustular exanthema). Oedema and/or pruritus were observed in half the cases. Pneumopathy was the main systemic symptom (50%). Two patients died, one quickly (10 day) and the other one at distance (6 months). The biological data showed hypereosinophilia in 90% of the cases, rising from d4 (median). An initial monocytosis (d1, d2) was present in more than 80% of the cases. A rapid increase of hepatic enzymes was observed in 75% of the cases. CRP levels raised in 90% of the cases. Testing for autoimmunity was always negative. In 7/21 cases, protein electrophoresis showed both hypoalbuminemia and hypogammaglobulinemia. HHV6 serology testing was found positive solely in one case (tested in 11/21 patients). There was a non specific aspect of cutaneous biopsy. Immunological tests showed a monoclonal component in 50% of the cases. Conclusion: Mockenhaupt's criteria allow to confirm main symptoms of DRESS: fever, skin reaction and hypereosinophilia which were present in most cases, except with allopurinol (lack of fever). Adenopathies are found more often with anticonvulsants and minocycline. Monocytosis occurs before hypereosinophilia. Lung impairment is frequent and hepatic disturbance is mostly represented by a rise of transaminases, and is still found for drugs showing hepatic metabolism. ER  - 
FT18 - Use of drugs in diseases prevalent in San Luis; The drug utilization studies are an indispensable tool to achieve better use of medicines. Our objective was to analyze diagnoses and drugs dispensed in three pharmacies San Luis city. An observational, descriptive, transversal and retrospective study was performed. The data (sex, age, disease/s and drug/s) were collected for two months. The pathologies were classified according to the International Classification of Diseases (ICD 10) and medications according to Anatomical Therapeutic-Chemical Classification (ATC) and according to their therapeutic potential value. Results (%). Diagnoses: Hypertension (HT) 20, Gastritis 7, Anxiety 4, Hypercholesterolemia 3.3, arthrosis 3.2, Osteoporosis and Glaucoma 3, Depression, Allergy, Diabetes and discomfort 2, Sinusitis 1.5, Insomnia 1. Drugs: Clonazepam 3.5, Enalapril 3.4, Carvedilol 3, Vitamins & Minerals 2.5, Alprazolam 2.3, Omeprazole 2.2, Atorvastatin and Diclofenac 1.7, Losartan and Ibuprofen 1.5, lansoprazole and Enalapril+hydrochlorothiazide (HCT) 1.4, Glucosamine, Amoxicillin+Clavulanic acid and losartan+HCT 1, fixed dose combinations (FDC): 24. Sex: F 68 M 32. Age: <15(36), 15-64(38), > 64(56). An exhaustive analysis of the diagnoses and the prescriptions marked the prevalence in the three pharmacies of chronic diseases: HTA, gastritis, anxiety, affecting mainly feminine sex. Medicines of first election and high therapeutic value were prescribed, as well as those not considered high therapeutic value were prescribed. It is necessary to deepen these studies to evaluate the medicine use in each pathology. ER  - 
Potential role of biogenic amines in prenatal depression and stress; Prenatal depression occurs in up to 20% of pregnancies and is associated with many unfavorable pregnancy outcomes. The causes of prenatal depression vary, and include poverty, stress, and preexisting depression, among other etiologies. We have recently found a correlation between prenatal depression and Toxoplasma gondii IgG titers. This is a report of 370 T. gondii negative women between 16 and 25 weeks of pregnancy. T. gondii positive women are excluded because of the potential immune activation in seropositive immunocompetent individuals, and as immune activation results in activation of indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase (IDO). We measured plasma precursor amino acids of biogenic amines (HPLC) associated with mood and found that women with scores indicating clinical prenatal depression (n = 20) had significantly lower tryptophan (p <0.02; Mann Whitney U-test) and phenylalanine (p <0.01) levels, a lower phenylalanine /tyrosine ratio (p <0.01, and higher nitrite concentrations (p = 0.05). Both tyrosine and phenylalanine were significantly inversely correlated with perceived stress, as measured by Cohen's Perceived Stress Scale. Other correlates of depression in both T.gondii positive and negative pregnant women included poverty, perceived stress scores, and number of children. A subset of the sample (n = 120) had plasma cytokines, intereferon-γ, tumor necrosis factor-α, and interleukin-10, measured by multiplex technology. The only correlates of amino acids were an inverse relationship between intereferon-γ and the nitrite concentrations (r = -0.20, p <0.03) and a nearly significant relationship between tryptophan and tumor necrosis factor-α (r = 0.18, p = 0.059). These data implicate complex neuroimmune pathways in prenatal depression and stress. Depletion of monamines could result from poor diet or changes in metabolic pathways. Essential amino acid involved in serotonergic, adrenergic, and nitric oxide pathways appear to play some role in prenatal depression and perceived stress and may potentially interact with neuroimmune pathways to affect cellular immunity. Whether the unique physiological features of pregnancy are important in these relationships remains to be studied. ER  - 
Traumatic experience, feverish preoccupation and subsequent antibiotic dependence - A case report; The case report describes the relationship between stress and subsequent development of Obsessive Compulsive Disorder (OCD) and dependence to antibiotics. The patient is a 39 yrs old widow who suffered a major depressive disorder and later typhoid fever after her husband's death. Following the treatment of fever, the obsessive thoughts of feverish feeling without subsequent rise of temperature emerged. She continued taking repeatedly higher strengths of newer groups of injectable antibiotics to reduce her obsessive thoughts and anxiety for past 4 yrs. Later, she fulfilled the ICD-10 diagnostic criteria of dependence. ER  - 
Purple urine bag syndrome in an elderly male nursing home resident; Purple Urine Bag Syndrome (PUBS) is an uncommon condition in which the urine drainage bags and tubing of catheterized patients become purple. It is hypothesized that for some patients with PUBS, a product of dietary tryptophan metabolism called indoxyl sulfate is decomposed by bacteria in urine with phosphatase and sulfatase enzymes. The breakdown products of indoxyl sulfate are indirubin (red) and indigo (blue), and the purple color has been found to be a mixture of indirubin dissolved in plastic and indigo on its surface. PUBS has been found to be associated with constipation, high urine bacteria counts, alkaline urine, institutionalization, the use of polyvinyl chloride catheters, and being female. Although urinary tract infections (UTIs) associated with PUBS are usually easily and routinely treated, this sign of bacteriuria may cause anxiety not only in patients and their families, but also in healthcare providers who are unfamiliar with this interesting condition. We present the case report of a chronically bedridden 89 yearold male nursing home resident with advanced dementia, benign prostatic hypertrophy, chronic kidney disease, hypertension, gastroesophageal reflux disease, hypothyroidism, depression, osteoporosis, osteoarthritis, anemia, GI bleed, fecal and urinary incontinence. He was in his normal state of health when his urine became malodorous and his foley bag and tubing changed from appearing yellow to bluegreen then purple over a period of four days. A urinalysis showed yellow slightly cloudy urine with a pH of 7.5, moderate leukocyte esterase, negative nitrite, 105 WBC/HPF, 16 RBC/HPF, and many bacteria. The patient was started on empiric treatment with cephalexin (based on prior urine culture results). Approximately 36 hours after starting cephalexin, the patient developed a low-grade fever prompting a switch to ciprofloxacin. The patient had no further fevers, and when the purple foley bag and tubing were replaced two days after initiation of antibiotics, the purple color did not reappear. Urine cultures showed mixed flora consistent with contamination. In this nursing home resident with dementia and urinary catheterization, PUBS was a sign of clinically significant bacteriuria. ER  - 
Surgical site infection following hip fracture surgery in the elderly: A frequent complication in orthogeriatric units; Objective:to describe the incidence,etiology and severity of surgical site infections (SSI) following hip fracture surgery in the elderly as well as the characteristics and in-hospital outcome of the patients who develop them Methods:prospective longitudinal study including 1738 consecutive patients older than 64 years with a hip fracture.Descriptive variables analyzed were:social-demographic characteristics,functional status,surgical characteristics,medical complications,mortality and LOS.SSI was defined according to CDC criteria.We studied its incidence, etiology,severity,antibiotic used,rate of isolation and surgical debridement Results:mean age:83.5±7.2 years.82% female.41% subcapital fractures.103 patients(5.9%)developed a SSI. 21% were deep infections. 32% occurs in the first week.They were caused more frequently by Pseudomonas aeruginosa(21%),E. Coli(21%) and S. aureus( 16%).53% were polymicrobial.Preventive isolation of the patient was needed in 20%,most of the time because of Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococci aureus(39%) and extended-spectrum B-lactamases bacterias(22%).Echography was performed in 37%.The antibiotics most used were quinolones(47%) and amoxicillin- clavulanic(20%)and a 16% received an antibiotic combination. 7% needed surgical debridement.When comparing characteristics between patients who developed a SSI(SSIp)and patients who didn't:no differences were seen in terms of age,gender,comorbidity or type of fracture.They differed in:time to surgery (14% of SSIp operated after 7 days,vs 8%,p=0.07),ASA score III-IV(63% of SSIp,vs 53%, p=0.05),medical complications(83% of SSIp,vs 73%,p=0.02)such as delirium(42% vs 32%,p=0.05),pneumonia(11 vs 5%,p=0.01),heart failure(11 vs 5%,p=0.02),pressure sores(15 vs 6%,p=0.01),depression(9 vs 3%,p<0.01),transfusion requirements(49 vs 39%,p=0.03)and reoperation(7 vs 0.6%,p<0.01).No differences were seen in mortality but SSIp had a higher length of stay (19 vs 11 days,p<0.05) Conclusions:Surgical site infection after hip fracture surgery is a frequent complication in the elderly.Most of the times,it is superficial and caused by gram-negative bacteria.Although patients who developed it don't differ in basal characteristics,they are in risk of having a worse in-hospital evolution,with a more complicated clinical course and a higher length of stay. ER  - 
A case of suicide at the end of life illustrating risk factors and ethical decision-making; Mr. S was a vibrant and independent 95 year-old man who entered hospice with metastatic neck cancer. Upon his diagnosis, he made clear that his goal was a comfortable and dignified death at home, with no antibiotics, radiation, hospitalization or other life-prolonging therapies. Six months later he was experiencing increasing pain and functional debility, intractable drooling, and newly depressed mood. His estimated life expectancy was weeks. Two days after a fall left him crawling into the hall for help, he took an overdose of morphine to end his life.When the hospice providers arrived to discuss interventions with Mr. S and his daughter, he declined hospitalization. His daughter wished to respect his decision, feeling it was in keeping with his long-stated preferences despite his recent depressed mood. The case of Mr. S demonstrates many of the risk factors for suicide at the end of life. Rates of suicide and accidental death are higher after a cancer diagnosis, with the greatest risk in older white men like Mr. S. However, confirmed suicide at the end of life is rare: e.g., 0.1% of deaths in Oregon. Treating depression and distressing symptoms may reduce thoughts of suicide, but the most common reasons cited by patients are difficult to ameliorate, like loss of dignity and independence. Suicide is usually an irrational act which obviates decisional capacity, but at the very end of life it may be a well-reasoned choice to reduce suffering. Mr. S's values and preferences helped define the meaning of non-maleficence and beneficence as they apply to the decision to decline hospitalization. A traumatic hospitalization was antithetical to his goal of a dignified, comfortable end to his life at home. He might have never regained a level of function acceptable to him, or have returned home at all. In this case, non-maleficence might mean avoiding the burdens of hospitalization. With only weeks to live, beneficence might mean permitting a desired manner of death rather than postponing death. Mr. S's apparent decisional capacity, consistent prior preferences, and surrogate's affirmation all bolstered his decision to remain at home. The hospice team ultimately agreed with Mr. S and his daughter, and provided comfort and reassurance to both. Mr. S died comfortably two days later. This illustrative case describes the risk factors for suicide at the end of life, and how preferences can help define nonmaleficence and beneficence in navigating an ethical course. ER  - 
Risk factors for 30-day hospital readmissions in older adults; Purpose: Nearly one-fifth of Medicare patients are readmitted to the hospital within 30 days of discharge. A national program, Project BOOST (Better Outcomes for Older adults through Safer Transitions) aims to target high risk populations for intervention prior to discharge to prevent readmissions. Project BOOST uses 7 criteria to identify patients at high risk for readmission. Hypothesis: There are certain patient factors that correlate with 30-day readmission rate and a cumulative set of factors is associated with an increased observed rate. Design: IRB approved retrospective chart review of hospitalizations in patients aged 65 years and older. Methods: The electronic medical record was used to review patient charts from March 1, 2009 through February 28, 2010. A random sampling of 146 of 1080 patient charts was reviewed. Inclusion criteria was age 65 years and older. Exclusion criteria included patients who left AMA or died during the index admission. Patient factors of interest were: problem diagnoses (CHF, COPD, acute pneumonia, acute stroke, diabetes mellitus, depression), problem medications (anticoagulants, insulin, aspirin plus clopidogrel, digoxin, opiates, IV antibiotics), polypharmacy (defined as >10 or more medications), prior hospitalization within 6 months, and discharge destination. Results: Of the 146 patient charts reviewed, 126 met inclusion and exclusion criteria and were included in data analysis. The overall readmission readmission rate was 18.2%. Of the 23 patients with a 30- day readmission, 65% had problem diagnoses, 74% had problem medications, 83% had polypharmacy, 35% had a prior hospitalization, and 26% were discharged to a location other than home. The readmission rate did not significantly differ between those with and without each of the above specific factors. Conclusions: The patient-specific BOOST criteria evaluated in our study did not correlate with 30-day readmission in this limited set of older adults. Future studies will use a larger data set to test our hypothesis. ER  - 
Enhancement of temozolomide-induced apoptosis by valproic acid in human glioma cell lines through redox regulation; Temozolomide (TMZ) is an oral alkylating agent that has been widely used in the treatment of refractory glioma, although inherent and acquired resistance to this drug is common. The clinical use of valproic acid (VPA) as an anticonvulsant and moodstabilizing drug has been reported primarily for the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder and less commonly for major depression. VPA is also used in the treatment of glioma-associated seizures with or without intracranial operation. In this study, we evaluated the potential synergistic effect of TMZ and VPA in human glioma cell lines. Compared with the use of TMZ or VPA alone, concurrent treatment with both drugs synergistically induced apoptosis in U87MG cells as evidenced by p53 and Bax expression, mitochondrial transmembrane potential loss, reactive oxygen species production, and glutathione depletion. This synergistic effect correlated with a decrease in nuclear translocation of the nuclear factor-erythroid 2 p45-related factor and corresponded with reduced heme oxygenase-1 and γ-glutamylcysteine synthetase expression. Pretreatment with N-acetylcysteine partially recovered the apoptotic effect of the TMZ/VPA combination treatment. The same degree of synergism is also seen in p53-mutant Hs683 cells, which indicates that p53 may not play a major role in the increased proapoptotic effect of the TMZ/VPA combination. In conclusion, VPA enhanced the apoptotic effect of TMZ, possibly through a redox regulation mechanism. The TMZ/VPA combination may be effective for treating glioma cancer and may be a powerful agent against malignant glioma. This drug combination should be further explored in the clinical setting. © Springer-Verlag 2011. ER  - 
Omega-3 fatty acids for major depressive disorder associated with the menopausal transition: A preliminary open trial; Objectives: We sought to obtain preliminary data regarding the efficacy of omega-3 fatty acids for major depressive disorder associated with the menopausal transition. Secondary outcomes were assessed for vasomotor symptoms (or hot flashes). Methods: After a single-blind placebo lead-in, participants received 8 weeks of treatment with open-label omega-3 fatty acid capsules (eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid, 2 g/d). The Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) was the primary outcome measure. Hot flashes were monitored prospectively using daily diaries and the Hot Flash Related Daily Interference Scale. Blood samples for plasma pretreatment and posttreatment essential fatty acid assays were obtained. Because of the small sample size, data were analyzed using nonparametric techniques. Results: Of 20 participants treated with omega-3 fatty acids, 19 (95%) completed the study. None discontinued because of adverse effects. The pretreatment and final mean MADRS scores were 24.2 and 10.7, respectively, reflecting a significant decrease in MADRS scores (P < 0.0001). The response rate was 70% (MADRS score decrease of â50%), and the remission rate was 45% (final MADRS score of ≤7). Responders had significantly lower pretreatment docosahexaenoic acid levels than nonresponders did (P = 0.03). Hot flashes were present in 15 (75%) participants. Among those with hot flashes at baseline, the number of hot flashes per day improved significantly from baseline (P = 0.02) and Hot Flash Related Daily Interference Scale scores decreased significantly (P = 0.006). Conclusions: These data support further study of omega-3 fatty acids for major depressive disorder and hot flashes in women during the menopausal transition. © 2011 by The North American Menopause Society. ER  - 
The role of microglial cells in schizophrenia-current knowledge and future therapeutic approaches; Background: Inflammatory process have been discussed to play a role in the pathophysiology of schizophrenia. One of our recent postmortem studies revealed increased microglial densities in two schizophrenic patients who had committed suicide. Therefore, the hypothesis of microglial activation during acute psychosis was proposed. Alternatively, microgliosis might be a factor which is present during acute episodes of major psychiatric disorder in general (both in schizophrenia and affective disorders). Methods: To clarify this question, microglial HLA-DR expression was analyzed by immunohistochemistry in the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC), anterior cingulate cortex (ACC), mediodorsal thalamus (MD) and hippocampus of 16 schizophrenics, 14 depressed patients with affective disorder and 10 matched controls. A subgroup of six schizophrenics and seven patients with affective disorder who committed suicide was included. Results: ANOVA revealed no effect of diagnosis on microglial density (DLPFC: P = .469; ACC: P = .349; MD: P = .569; hippocampus: P = .497). However, significant microgliosis was observed in the DLPFC (P = .004), ACC (P = .012) and MD (P = .004) of suicide patients. A similar trend was seen in the hippocampus (P = .057). Conclusion: Immunological factors may play a role particularly during acute disease stages of schizophrenia and depression. These findings are in line with two recent in-vivo PET studies on an increased binding of the radioligand PK11195 in the gray matter of cases with schizophrenia, (particularly during acute disease phases). Moreover, there are promising data on a beneficial effect of microglial immunomodulators in schizophrenia, eg minocycline and cyclooxygenase- 2 inhibitors. ER  - 
Efficacy of viscosupplementation with hyaluronic acid for improvement quality of life; Objectives: To estimate the influence of viscosupplementation with hyaluronic acid (HA) on the quality of life (QoL) next 6 month in patients with knee osteoarthritis (OA). Materials/Methods: 75 eligible patients with verified diagnosis of knee osteoarthritis (Kellgren Lawrence grade from I to IV). Depending on the stage two groups were formed: 1-with I-II OA grade (n=37), 2-with III and IV grade (n=38). In line with the manufacturer's recommendations all subjects received a course of 5 weekly intraarticular injection of FERMATHRON (1,100-1,400 kDa HA, 20 mg/2.0 ml). Quality of life was assessed with a SF-36 Score at preinjection, at 3 and 6 month after treatment. Results: As expected, the baseline mean values of SF-36 proved to beworse in 2 group's patients. Analysis demonstrated significant differences of primary physical functioning (mean±sd, 56.4±26.1 in 1 group, 25.9±20.6 in 2 group, p<0.001) and mental health (62.1±17.4 vs. 49.9±18.6, p<0.02). In both groups mean bodily pain were significantly reduced 3 and 6 months after the last injection. Thus, in group 1 pain level was 25.5±21.9 at 3 months and 23.9±18.5 at 6 months starting at 44.1±14.8, p<0.005 compared to 42.2± 15 and 47.9±14.2 vs. 60±17.3, p<0.02 in 2 group respectively. There was significant impairment of social functioning in patients of 1 group at 6 month (46.2±10.7 vs. 58.2±15.4, p<0.01) and not significant depression of rolephysical functioning in 2 group at the same time (16±5.4 vs. 18.5±12.9). The data obtained from every participant have shown not significant progress of all estimated parameters over the observation. Overall physical health and mental health at baseline and during all monitoring had no significant differences both between groups and within groups. Conclusions: The viscosupplementation with HA in Russians patients with knee OA led to a significant pain reduction and a slight improvement of their life's quality. However, significant effect on the overall physical health and mental health not found yet. To improve general QoL should be employ a comprehensive therapy, including social rehabilitation and patients' adaptation. ER  - 
The effect of TNFα blockers on psychometric measures in treatment resistant ankylosing sponylitis patients: A pilot study; Introduction: There is a high co-morbidity between chronic inflammatory disorders and depression1. Proinflammatory cytokines like TNFα seems to play a central role in the pathogenesis of these disorders and its neutralization provides a potent treatment for inflammatory disorders2. Trying et al (2006) showed that a TNF-α blocker -etanercept- caused at least a 50% improvement in depression scores in psoriasis patients. 3 These observations together with the theoretical background led to the hypothesis that TNF-α blockers may reverse depressive symptoms associated with chronic inflammatory disorders. Aim: To evaluate the effectiveness of TNF-α blockers on symptoms of ankylosing spondylitis (AS) and depression. Methods: 9 treatment resistant AS patients with no contraindications for TNFα blockers, who were not using any psychotropic or nonbiological drugs were enrolled for the study. TNF-α blockers were given at weeks 0, 2 and 6 and Hamilton Depression and Anxiety Scales (HAMD, HAMA), Hospital Depression and Anxiety Questionnaire (HAD), Quality of Life Scale (SF36), AS severity index (BASDAI) was applied to the patients at week 0, 2 and 6. Results: There was a significant reduction in HAMD (p=0.00), HAMA (p=0.00), HAD-anxiety scores (p=.004) and a significant improvement in SF36- physical role (p=0.00), physical role limitations (p=0.01), bodily pain (p=0.01), general health perception (p=0.00), vitality (p=0.02) and emotional role limitations (p=0.01) subscales and BASDAI scores (p=0.00) from week 0 to weeks 2 and 6. Conclusions: This study showed that TNFα blockers may have a potential antidepressant effect besides its antiinflammatory effect in AS patients in a small sample. ER  - 
Anti-inflammatory treatment approaches in major depression; Proinflammatory cytokines, such as IL-6, IL-1 and TNF-a appear to be elevated at least in the peripheral blood of depressed patients. Thus, the activity of the enzyme IDO, which is driven by proinflammatory cytokines and regulates the tryptophan/kynurenine metabolism may be enhanced in depressed patients through these cytokines. Although IL-6 does not directly act on IDO, its elevated levels in serum may contribute to IDO activation within the CNS by the stimulatory effect on PGE2, which acts as cofactor in the activation of IDO. This fits with a report on the correlation of increased in vitro IL-6 production with decreased tryptophan levels in depressed. Due to the increase of proinflammatory cytokines and PGE2 in some psychiatric patients, antiinflammatory treatment would be expected to show advantagous effects in schizophrenic and depressed patients. Cyclo-oxygenase- 2 inhibitors have been evaluated in major depression. We were able to demonstrate a statistically significant therapeutic effect of the COX-2 inhibitor on depressive symptoms in a randomized double blind pilot add-on study using the selective COX-2 inhibitor celecoxib in MD. Another randomized double-blind study in fifty depressed patients suffering from MD also showed an statistically significant better outcome of the COX-2 inhibitor celecoxib plus fluoxetine compared to fluoxetine alone. Additionally, results of the clinical study of celecoxib add-on to sertraline and the effects of this antiinflammatory therapy approach to inflammatory markers planned by the MOODINFLAME consortium will be presented as far as available. Further on, alternative therapeutic strategies based on immunemodulatory effects will be discussed. ER  - 
Human chorionic gonadotropin in intractable pain; Introduction/Statement of Problem: Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (HCG) is comprised of two amino acid sub-units which provide a theoretical basis for use in pain treatment [1-3]. One unit contains follicle stimulating hormone (FSH), luteinizing hormone (LH), and thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH). The other unit is an androgenic compound that increases cyclic adenosine monophosphate (cAMP) and nitric oxide (NO). Methods and Material: Initially HCG was given in challenge dosages of 500 to 1,000 units to 12 intractable pain patients to determine possible side-effects and a potentially effective dosage regimen. Patients described their pain as severe and constant and it interfered with sleep and eating patterns. All patients required a long-acting opioid for pain suppression and a short-acting opioid for breakthrough pain. All patients gave informed consent via in a protocol approved by an institutional review board. Eight (8) patients who felt positive effects from their challenge dosage within one week continued HCG for over one year in a dosage or 1,000 to 3,000 units a week. Results: No side-effects have been observed. All patients report the following positive effects: increased energy, improved mental concentration and memory, less depression, and fewer pain flares. Seven of the 8 (87.5%) reduced their opioid use by 30 to 50%. Conclusions: The symptom improvement observed here calls for advanced clinical trials and suggests that HCG may correct some of the adverse neuroplasticity associated with severe intractable pain. ER  - 
Solution interactions of diclofenac sodium and meclofenamic acid sodium with hydroxypropyl methylcellulose (HPMC); Many pharmaceutical agents require formulation in order to facilitate their efficacious delivery. However, the interaction between the active species and the formulation additives has the potential to significantly influence the pharmocokinetics of the active. In this study, the solution interactions between hydroxypropyl methylcellulose (HPMC) with two non-steroidal anti-inflammatories - the sodium salts of diclofenac and meclofenamate - were investigated using tensiometric, rheological, NMR, neutron scattering and turbidimetric techniques. The two drugs behaved very differently - meclofenamate addition to HPMC solutions led to substantial increases in viscosity, a depression of the gel point and a marked reduction in the self-diffusion coefficient of the drug, whereas diclofenac did not induce these changes. Collectively, these observations are evidence of meclofenamate forming self-assembled aggregates on the HPMC, a phenomenon not observed with diclofenac Na. Any process that leads to aggregation on a nonionic polymer will not be strongly favoured when the aggregating species is charged. Thus, it is hypothesised that the distinction between the two drugs arises as a consequence of the tautomerism present in meclofenamate that builds electron density on the carbonyl group that is further stabilised by hydrogen bonding to the HPMC. This mechanism is absent in the diclofenac case and thus no interaction is observed. These studies propose for the first time a molecular basis for the observed often-unexpected, concentration-dependant changes in HPMC solution properties when co-formulated with different NSAIDs, and underline the importance of characterising such fundamental interactions that have the potential to influence drug release in solid HPMC-based dosage forms.© 2010 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Anti-inflammatory effect of vagus nerve stimulation in a rat model of inflammatory bowel disease; Vagus nerve stimulation of afferents is used as an adjunctive treatment for drug-resistant epilepsy and depression. In addition, anti-inflammatory properties of vagus nerve stimulation have been reported in various experimental models of inflammation but not in colitis. These effects are thought to be mediated via peripheral release of acetylcholine from the vagus and subsequent activation of macrophages. Our aim was to evaluate in rats the anti-inflammatory effects of chronic vagus nerve stimulation on colonic inflammation. Colitis was induced by intracolonic instillation of trinitrobenzene sulfonic acid. Vagus nerve stimulation (left cervical) was performed in freely moving animals 3. h per day for five consecutive days. Assessment of colonic inflammation was obtained using physiological (e.g. body weight, temperature and locomotor activity) parameters, macroscopical (area of lesions), histological, and biological parameters (e.g. myeloperoxidase activity, cytokine and cytokine-related mRNAs), both at the level of the damaged colon and the colon immediately above. A global multivariate index of colitis was then generated for a better characterization of colonic inflammation. Vagus nerve stimulation reduced the degree of body weight loss and inflammatory markers as observed above the lesion by histological score and myeloperoxidase quantification. This anti-inflammatory effect was also demonstrated by the improvement of the multivariate index of colitis. These data argue for an anti-inflammatory role of vagus nerve stimulation chronically performed in freely moving rats with colitis and provide potential therapeutic applications for patients with inflammatory bowel diseases. © 2010 Elsevier B.V. ER  - 
Postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome following Lyme disease; Background: A subgroup of patients suffering from Lyme disease (LD) may initially respond to antibiotics only to later develop a syndrome of fatigue, joint pain and cognitive dysfunction referred to as 'post treatment LD syndrome'. We report on a series of patients who developed autonomic dysfunction in the form of postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome (POTS). Methods: All of the patients in this report had suffered from LD in the past and were successfully treated with antibiotics. All patients were apparently well, until years later when they presented with fatigue, cognitive dysfunction and orthostatic intolerance. These patients were diagnosed with POTS on the basis of clinical features and results of the tilt table (HUTT) testing. Results: Five patients (all women), aged 22-44 years, were identified for inclusion in this study. These patients developed symptoms of fatigue, cognitive dysfunction, orthostatic palpitations and either near syncope or frank syncope. The debilitating nature of these symptoms had resulted in lost of the employment or inability to attend school. Three patients were also suffering from migraine, two from anxiety and depression and one from hypertension. All patients demonstrated a good response to the employed treatment. Four of the five were able to engage in their activities of daily living and either resumed employment or returned to school. Conclusions: In an appropriate clinical setting, evaluation for POTS in patients suffering from post LD syndrome may lead to early recognition and treatment, with subsequent improvement in symptoms of orthostatic intolerance. © 2011 Via Medica. ER  - 
Improvements in patient-reported outcomes, symptoms of depression and anxiety, and their association with clinical remission among patients with moderate-to-severe active early rheumatoid arthritis; Objectives: To assess the association between clinical remission in RA and patient-reported outcomes (PROs), including depression/anxiety symptoms, in adults with moderate-to-severe active early RA. Methods: Patients from the COmbination of Methotrexate and ETanercept in Active Early Rheumatoid Arthritis (COMET) trial (104 weeks) with measures on the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale at baseline and subsequent visits (n = 389) were included. PROs investigated were the HAQ disability index, pain and fatigue visual analogue scales (VASs), EuroQoL health status VAS and the Medical Outcomes Short Form-36 physical and mental component summaries. The impact of clinical remission as measured by 28-joint DAS (DAS-28) on depression/anxiety symptoms at Week 104 was assessed using logistic regression. Least square means for PRO improvements from baseline were estimated by analysis of covariance. Missing data were imputed using the last observation carried forward method. Results: When depression/anxiety symptoms were absent at baseline, significantly more patients achieved clinical remission, low disease activity and normal functioning at Week 104. Reciprocally, patients who achieved clinical remission were less likely to maintain symptoms of depression or anxiety compared with non-remitters [depression odds ratio (OR): 0.35, P = 0.0233; anxiety OR: 0.48, P = 0.0371]. Fatigue and pain had a significant impact on changes in depression status, but did not influence anxiety status. Finally, clinical remission was significantly associated with improvements in all PRO measures (P<0.001); conversely, depression/anxiety symptoms reduced PRO improvements. Conclusions: Among moderate-to-severe active early RA patients, clinical remission reduces symptoms of depression/anxiety, and independently improves PROs, thereby suppressing the negative impact of depression/anxiety on these measures. © The Author 2010. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the British Society for Rheumatology. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Screening for symptoms of depression and anxiety in adolescents and young adults with cystic fibrosis; Background: Although studies have assessed symptoms of depression and anxiety in individuals with cystic fibrosis (CF), few have been conducted since the advent of new medical treatments (e.g., nebulized antibiotics, ThAIRpy Vest). Study objectives were to: (1) document symptoms of depression and anxiety for adolescents and young adults with CF and compare with normative values, (2) examine the associations among depressive/anxiety symptoms and gender, age, lung function, and body mass index, and (3) determine the relations between adolescent and caregiver symptoms of depression and anxiety. Methods Patients and caregivers completed the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS) anytime (e.g., beginning or end) during routine CF clinic appointments. Results Participants included 59 adolescents/young adults with CF (Mage=15.8 years, 54% female, 98% Caucasian, MFEV1% predicted=84.6) and caregivers of 40 adolescents. Although symptom scores were in the normative range for patients with CF (MDepression=2.27 and M Anxiety=5.59), 3% and 32% exhibited clinically elevated symptoms of depression and anxiety, respectively. Symptoms of depression and anxiety were significantly associated with age (r=0.28, 0.36). Symptoms of depression and anxiety were also positively correlated (r=0.48). Females endorsed higher anxiety symptoms than males. While adolescent and caregiver anxiety scores were not related, higher caregiver depressive symptoms were associated with older patient age and worse lung function. Conclusions: Data from the current study suggest low levels of depressive symptoms and substantial levels of anxiety symptoms in adolescents and young adults with CF. Consistent with prior literature, depressive symptoms appear higher in older patients and are significantly associated with anxiety symptoms. Caregiver symptomology appears to be more affected by an adolescent's health status, suggesting a need to screen caregivers when health begins to decline. © 2011 Wiley-Liss, Inc. ER  - 
Herbal Medicines in Pediatric Neuropsychiatry; An increasing number of studies have evaluated the role of herbal supplements in pediatric disorders, but they have numerous limitations. This review provides an overview of herbal components, regulation of supplements, and importance of product quality assurance. Use of herbal supplements is discussed with reference to factors that influence use in the pediatric population. The remainder of the article discusses the use of St John's wort, melatonin, kava, valerian, eicosapentaenoic acid, and docosahexaenoic acid, focusing on indications, adverse effects, and drug interactions, and providing a limited efficacy review. Herbal supplements used for weight loss are also briefly discussed. © 2011 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
TNF/TNFR1 signaling mediates doxorubicin-induced diaphragm weakness; Doxorubicin, a common chemotherapeutic agent, causes respiratory muscle weakness in both patients and rodents. Tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF), a proinflammatory cytokine that depresses diaphragm force, is elevated following doxorubicin chemotherapy. TNF-induced diaphragm weakness is mediated through TNF type 1 receptor (TNFR1). These findings lead us to hypothesize that TNF/TNFR1 signaling mediates doxorubicin-induced diaphragm muscle weakness. We tested this hypothesis by treating C57BL/6 mice with a clinical dose of doxorubicin (20 mg/kg) via intravenous injection. Three days later, we measured contractile properties of muscle fiber bundles isolated from the diaphragm. We tested the involvement of TNF/TNFR1 signaling using pharmaceutical and genetic interventions. Etanercept, a soluble TNF receptor, and TNFR1 deficiency protected against the depression in diaphragm-specific force caused by doxorubicin. Doxorubicin stimulated an increase in TNFR1 mRNA and protein (P < 0.05) in the diaphragm, along with colocalization of TNFR1 to the plasma membrane. These results suggest that doxorubicin increases diaphragm sensitivity to TNF by upregulating TNFR1, thereby causing respiratory muscle weakness. Copyright © 2011 the American Physiological Society. ER  - 
Inflammatory biomarkers and depression; Antidepressants, predominantly serotonin- and/or noradrenaline reuptake inhibiting drugs have several shortcomings. The exact pathophysiological mechanisms leading to serotonergic-, noradrenergic- or dopaminergic dysfunction are still unclear. An inflammatory mechanism has been postulated and will be discussed here including possible therapeutic advantages of cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) inhibitors. Differences in the activation of the enzyme indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase (IDO) and in the tryptophan-kynurenine metabolism resulting in an increased tryptophan and serotonin degradation and probably in an increased production of quinolinic acid might play a key role in major depression (MD). These differences are associated with an imbalance in the glutamatergic neurotransmission, which may contribute to an overweight of N-methyl-d-aspartate agonism in MD. The immunological imbalance results in an increased prostaglandin E2 production and probably also in an increased COX-2 expression. Although there is strong evidence for the view that the interactions of the immune system, IDO, the serotonergic system and the glutamatergic neurotransmission play a key role in MD, several gaps, e.g. the roles of genetics, disease course, sex, different psychopathological states, etc., have to be bridged by intense further research. There were already hints that anti-inflammatory therapy might have beneficial effects in MD. COX-2 inhibitors, however, have been tested in animal models and in preliminary clinical studies showing favourable effects compared to placebo in MD. The effects of COX-2 inhibition in the CNS as well as the different components of the inflammatory system, the kynurenine-metabolism and the glutamatergic neurotransmission, however, still need careful further scientific evaluation including clinical studies in bigger samples of patients. © 2010 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC. ER  - 
Non-opioid analgesics; When it was first discovered in the 1500s, opium was heralded as the most potent analgesic. The Latin name for morphine tincture, laudanum (to praise), illustrates the high regard in which it was held. The many adverse effects associated with its use (now attributed to non-specific opioid receptor cross-activation between subtypes) necessitate caution in its use. Even today, the adverse effects still remain problematic and are clinically limiting, both in the acute setting and in chronic use, despite ample research into opioid receptor subtype specific agonists, antagonists and bifunctional molecules. The adverse effects, such as constipation, nausea, dysphoria, respiratory depression and itching, have necessitated the drive to develop non-opioid-related analgesics, both as sole agents and as part of multimodal, opioid-sparing regimens. For example, paracetamol has been shown to reduce patient-controlled analgesia (PCA) morphine doses by 20% when used as an adjunct for acute post-surgical pain. Additionally, whilst effective for acute pain, opiate analgesia is of limited effectiveness for chronic and neuropathic pain states, such as phantom limb pain. This is partly due to problems with chronic administration and pharmacologic tolerance although also relates to different mechanisms of acute (e.g. surgical) and chronic pain and involvement of additional neurotransmitters such as substance P, γ-aminobutyric acid and glutamate. This article will give an overview of the pain pathway relative to therapeutic targets, revisit some common non-opioid analgesic agents and highlight some novel targets and drugs in development. © 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Update on chronic daily headache; Opinion statement: Chronic daily headache (CDH), defined as a primary headache occurring at least 15 days per month, is a problem of worldwide scope, which is seen in 3% to 5% of the population. Though it has been recognized since ancient times, only recently have there been attempts to define and classify it. CDH usually consists of a mixture of migraine and tension-type headaches (TTH), with the more severe headaches having migraine features and the less severe headaches fitting the definition of TTH. Some patients have pure chronic TTH and no migrainous features, and others have only migraine, but most have a mixed migraine-TTH pattern. New daily persistent headache, a CDH pattern that comes on over a few days, constitutes 9% to 10% of this group and is otherwise indistinguishable from CDH. Hemicrania continua (1% of CDH) appears to be unique in being absolutely responsive to indomethacin. Accurate diagnosis of CDH is critical to management, as all organic etiologies of chronic headache must be ruled out. Problems often associated with CDH and complicating the diagnosis are head injury or medication overuse (rebound-withdrawal headache). These accompanying issues must be recognized and treated appropriately in the management plan. Finally, psychiatric problems (unipolar depression, bipolar disease, generalized anxiety disorder, and obsessive/compulsive disorder) often accompany CDH, as they are comorbid with migraine. These conditions must be recognized and treated along with the headache itself for treatment to succeed fully. Treatment of CDH is multimodal. The cornerstone of therapy is the use of prophylactic antimigraine medications to prevent or modulate the next headache. Amitriptyline, topiramate, valproic acid, and gabapentin have all had class I studies showing effectiveness in reducing headache occurrence. Recent studies with botulinum toxin have also shown effectiveness in reducing the headache burden. Recognition and treatment of medication overuse headache (MOH) must be carried out as part of the initial approach. Use of acute symptomatic treatments such as triptans or NSAIDs must be undertaken with care, as frequent use of these agents can lead to MOH. Educating the patient about the condition and reasonable expectations for therapy is essential to success. Recognition and appropriate treatment of psychiatric disorders is likewise essential. Adjunctive nondrug therapies and lifestyle changes round out the requirements for a management plan. The chances for long-term remission or significant improvement are up to 65%. The patient and physician must understand that CDH is a long-term process with relapses and remissions. A strong and trusting relationship between patient and physician is a major asset in managing this condition. © 2010 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC. ER  - 
Acute accidental poisoning by percutaneous absorption in the pediatric age group; Background: A wide variety of substances are capable of causing systemic poisoning in humans after topical exposure. Pediatric patients are uniquely susceptible to transdermal absorption of toxins because of an increased surface area to body weight ratio, and premature infants are at even higher risk because of the possibility of compromised skin barrier function. Our objective was to review reported pediatric toxicity from cutaneous exposure to various agents. Methods: A PubMed search was carried out by crossing each of the terms “percutaneous,” “cutaneous,” “transdermal,” and “topical” separately with each of the terms “pediatric,” “child,” “poisoning,” and “toxicity.” Results: Pediatric deaths have been reported as related to percutaneous absorption of compounds such as alcohols, tetracaine/adrenaline/cocaine (TAC), salicylic acid, and organophosphates. Commonly used topical agents associated with systemic pediatric poisoning include alcohols, anesthetics, antihistamines, and antimicrobials and insecticides. Alcohols, including ethanol and isopropanolol, have been associated with percutaneous poisoning in children. Twenty-eight cases of ethanol poisoning in children aged 3 months to 1 year resulted in CNS depression, five in respiratory depression and two cases resulted in death. Among poisonings from topical local anesthetics, hypertension, and seizures were reported after application of a mixture of TAC to burns or mucous membranes. Of 77 children, 75% were also found to have excessively elevated serum cocaine levels. There are reports of pediatric deaths after topical exposure to salicylic acid. At least 13 fatal pediatric cases after percutaneous salicylate intoxication have been reported. Ten were in children less than 3 years of age, and symptoms were those of salicylism. In neonates and infants, salicylate intoxication has occurred inadvertently through application of teething gels to the gums. Conclusions: Although systemic poisoning by percutaneous absorption in children is less frequent than poisoning by ingestion, fatal, and/or near fatal outcomes have occurred in association with a number of compounds. Moreover, children and infants, especially newborns, are at increased risk of systemic toxicity via inadvertent topical exposure to myriad agents not intended to cause harm. An increased public and professional awareness of these risks is necessary to minimize the likelihood of acute accidental poisoning via skin absorption in the pediatric age group. ER  - 
Adalimumab provides health-related quality of life benefits for patients with psoriasis with suboptimal response to etanercept, methotrexate, or phototherapy; Objective: To evaluate the effects of adalimumab (ADA) on health-related quality of life (HRQOL) and identify factors associated with sleep impairment in patients with psoriasis with suboptimal response to other systemic therapies or phototherapy. Methods: M10-238 trial, a 16-week, open-label study of ADA for patients with psoriasis (N = 152) with suboptimal response to etanercept (ETN), methotrexate (MTX), or phototherapy, was used. HRQOL outcomes at week 16 included: (1) changes from baseline in Dermatology Life Quality Index (DLQI), visual analog scale (VAS) for psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis pain, Work Productivity and Activity Impairment Questionnaire, and Medical Outcomes Study (MOS) sleep scale; (2) proportion of patients with improvement achieving minimum clinically important difference (MCID), defined as 5 points for DLQI and half the baseline standard deviation for other HRQOL outcomes; and (3) Pearson correlation between changes from baseline in sleep problem index II (SPI-II), a composite index based on nine of the 12 items in MOS sleep questionnaire, and other HRQOL measures, as well as the Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI). In addition, linear regression was used to identify factors associated with worse baseline SPI- II scores. Results: ADA treatment significantly improved DLQI (5.2 points), VAS (16.9 points), overall activity impairment (8.4 percentage points), and SPI-II (5.2 points); all P< .01. Percentages of patients with improvement achieving MCID were 52.3% (DLQI), 44.4% (VAS), 36.7% (overall work impairment), 34.2% (overall activity impairment), and 38.4% (SPI-II). Changes in SPI-II were positively correlated with changes in DLQI (r = 0.47), overall work impairment (r = 0.26), overall activity impairment (r = 0.49), and PASI (r = 0.40); all P<.05. Psoriatic arthritis, depression, and a 1-unit increase in DLQI scores were associated with a 6.0-, 7.7-, and 1.0-point higher baseline sleep impairment, respectively; all P<.05. Conclusion: ADA treatment significantly improved HRQOL outcomes in patients with psoriasis with suboptimal response to ETN, MTX, or phototherapy. Substantial proportions of patients achieved improvement meeting or exceeding MCID values for HRQOL outcomes. Changes in the SPI-II correlated with changes in DLQI and overall work/activity impairment measures. Psoriatic arthritis, depression, and greater DLQI scores at baseline predicted worse sleep quality. ER  - 
American Society for Clinical Pharmacology and Therapeutics; The proceedings contain 300 papers. The topics discussed include: effect of rifampin induction on the glucose-lowering effect of metformin and OCT1 MRNA levels in healthy participants; genetic polymorphisms related to paciltaxel-induced cytotoxicity in lymphoblastoid cell lines and overall survival in lung cancer patients after paclitaxel-based chemotherapy; glycine and a glycine dehydrogenase (GLDC) SNP as SSRI response biomarkers in depression: pharmacometabolomics- informed pharmacogenomics; interaction between genetic variants in the transporters, OCT1 and MATE1, and glycemic response to metformin; association of infliximab clearance and resting energy expenditure in children; a tool for drug individualization: validation of a transcriptional profile of tolerance in pediatric liver transplant recipients; stem cell intervention at pre-symptomatic stage prevents overt heart failure syndrome in genetic cardiomyopathy; and in vivo CYP3A-activity is significantly lower in cyclosporine than in tacrolimus treated renal transplant recipients. ER  - 
Pancytopenia and lactic acidosis associated with linezolid; Case Report: CASE: A 60-year-old women with a past medical history of heart failure, coronary artery disease status post bypass graft, COPD, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, depression, peripheral vascular disease, and tobacco dependency was admitted for health care associated pneumonia and was discharged on 3 week course of levofloxacin and linezolid. She returned to the emergency department 3 weeks later with diarrhea, nausea, vomiting, and altered mental status which had been progressing for 14 days. She did not have any chest pain, cough, increased shortness of breath, fever, or chills. Her medications include pregabalin, furosemide, carvedilol, fluticasone/salme-terol, ramipril, isosorbide dinitrite, rosuvastatin, and omeprazole. Vital signs were significant for blood pressure of 90/4, GCS score of 11, and ABG revealed metabolic acidosis. On exam, she had a mildly distended, non tender abdomen. She had No rash or bruising noted on skin. Her labs showed a WBC of 3.3/L, with normal differential count, hemoglobin of 8.8 mmol/L, and platelet count of 9000/L. She had sodium of 123mmol/L, creatinine 2.5mg/dl, bicarbonate of 11mmol/L, anian gap 23, lactic acid 8.7 mmol/liter, and mild transminitis. CT scan of her abdomen was suspicious for mild colitis but her C.diff toxin was negative. Her cultures were negative and antibiotics were discontinued. In the context of negative infectious disease workup, pancytopenia, screen hematology felt that the linezolid induced the pan-cytopenia and lactic acidosis. Linezolid was stopped. She received platelets, blood transfusions, empirical antibiotics, and continuous renal replacement therapy for lactic acidosis. After two weeks, her platelets, WBC, and hemoglobin were back to baseline values and her lactic acid normalized. DISCUSSION: Linezolid is an antimicrobial agent with potency against Gram-positive bacteria, including methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus au-reus and vancomycin-resistant enterococci. Time and dose-dependent reversible myelosuppression has been attributed to linezolid. There are many case reports of thrombocytopenia occurring with linezolid use, but only few cases of pancytopenia and lactic acidosis are reported. Physicians should be aware of this rare but serious adverse effect of linezolid. ER  - 
Excitatory action of vasopressin in the brain of the rat: Role of cAMP signaling; Brain vasopressin plays a role in behavioral and cognitive functions and in pathological conditions. Relevant examples are pair bonding, social recognition, fear responses, stress disorders, anxiety and depression. At the neuronal level, vasopressin exerts its effects by binding to V1a receptors. In the brainstem, vasopressin can excite facial motoneurons by generating a sustained inward current which is sodium-dependent, tetrodotoxin-insensitive and voltage-gated. This effect is independent of intracellular calcium mobilization and is unaffected by phospholipase Cβ (PLCβ) or protein kinase C (PKC) inhibitors. There are two major unsolved problems. (i) What is the intracellular signaling pathway activated by vasopressin? (ii) What is the exact nature of the vasopressin-sensitive cation channels? We performed recordings in brainstem slices. Facial motoneurons were voltage-clamped in the whole-cell configuration. We show that a major fraction, if not the totality, of the peptide effect was mediated by cAMP signaling and that the vasopressin-sensitive cation channels were directly gated by cAMP. These channels appear to exclude lithium, are suppressed by 2-aminoethoxydiphenylborane (2-APB) and flufenamic acid (FFA) but not by ruthenium red or amiloride. They are distinct from transient receptor channels and from cyclic nucleotide-regulated channels involved in visual and olfactory transduction. They present striking similarities with cation channels present in a variety of molluscan neurons. To our knowledge, the presence in mammalian neurons of channels having these properties has not been previously reported. Our data should contribute to a better knowledge of the neural mechanism of the central actions of vasopressin, and may be potentially significant in view of clinical applications. © 2010 IBRO. ER  - 
Development of an LC-MS method for simultaneous quantitation of amentoflavone and biapigenin, the minor and major biflavones from Hypericum perforatum L., in human plasma and its application to real blood; Introduction - Biflavones of Hypericum perforatum L. are bioactive compounds used in the treatment of inflammation and depression. Determination of amentoflavone and biapigenin from blood is challenging owing to their similar structures and low concentrations. Objective - To develop a rapid, sensitive and accurate method based on liquid-phase extraction followed by high-performance liquid chromatography and electrospray ionisation mass spectrometry (HPLC-ESI-MS) for quantification of biflavones in human plasma. Methodology - After extraction from blood, the analytes were subjected to HPLC with an XTerraÂ MS C18 column and a binary mobile phase consisting of 2% formic acid in water and acetonitrile under isocratic elution conditions, with ESI-MS detection in the negative ion mode and multiple reaction monitoring (MRM). Results - Both calibration curves showed good linearity within the concentration range 1-500 ng/mL. Limits of detection (S/N = 3) were 0.1 ng for pure substances and the limits of quantitation (S/N = 5) were 1.0 ng/mL from analyte-spiked serum. The grand mean recovery was 90% from several subsamples of each biflavone. The imprecision (RSD) of peak areas was between 5% (intraday) and 10% (interday) for high concentrations (250 ng/mL) and between 10% (intraday) and 15% (interday) for low concentrations (1 ng/mL). Inaccuracy of the mean was less than 20% at the lower limit of quantitation. Conclusion - The developed and validated method for determination of biflavones from human plasma was effectively applied to pharmacokinetic studies of 13 probands and preliminary results indicate biphasic concentration-time curves. Copyright © 2010 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Thirteen-year prospective study between fish consumption, long-chain N-3 fatty acids intakes and cognitive function; Objectives: Because of their structural, anti-inflammatory and antithrombic properties, longchain n-3 fatty acids may be key factors in the aging process. We sought to elucidate the association between intake of long-chain n-3 fatty acids and/or fish and cognitive function evaluated 13 years after dietary assessment. Design: Prospective population-based study. Participants/Setting: 3,294 adults from the SU.VI.MAX study (Supplementat ion with Antioxidant Vitamins and Minerals study). Measurements/Statistical analysis: Subjects underwent a standardized clinical examination which included cognitive tests and self-reported cognitive difficulties scale (2007-2009). Poor scores were defined using percentiles as cut-off. Dietary data were assessed through repeated 24-h dietary records. Odd ratio (OR), comparing the fourth (Q4) to the first quartile (Q1), of having a poor score were calculated using adjusted logistic regression. Results: Self-reported cognitive difficulties were less frequent among subjects with higher intakes of total n-3 long chain fatty acids (OR = 0.72, CI 95%=0.56-0.92) and eicosapentaenoic acid (OR Q4 versus Q1 = 0.74, CI 95%=0.58-0.95), even after adjustment for depressive symptoms. A borderline significant association was also found with high fish consumption (OR Q4 versus Q1 = 0.80, CI 95%=0.63-1.01). Conclusion: Cognitive complaints, which may be an early indicator of cognitive decline, are less frequent among the elderly who have a high long-chain n-3 acids intake, as assessed 13 years earlier. © 2011 Serdi and Springer Verlag France. ER  - 
Long chain omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids supplementation in the treatment of elderly depression: Effects on depressive symptoms, on phospholipids fatty acids profile and on health-related quality of life; Objective: Recent observations showed that long chain omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 LCPUFA) could represent a potential treatment for elderly depression. To determine if a n-3 LCPUFA containing supplement improves depressive symptoms, changes phospholipids acids profile and ameliorates Health related quality of life (HRQoL) in depressed elderly patients. Design: Two-months, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. Setting: Nursing home in Pavia, Italy. Subjects: Forty-six depressed females, aged 66-95 years. Intervention: 22 depressed females were included in the intervention group (n-3 group, that received 2.5 g/day of n-3 LCPUFA, with 1.67 grams of EPA and 0.83 grams of DHA), and 24 patients in the placebo group. The primary endpoint was the improvement of depressive symptoms as evaluated by Geriatric Depression Scale (GDS). Secondary endpoints were the evaluation of modifications of erythrocyte membrane phospholipids fatty acid profile and of of HRQoL, by using the Short-Form 36-Item Health Survey (SF-36). All parameters were assessed before and after the treatment period of 8 weeks. Results: The mean GDS at 2 months was significantly lowered only for the n-3 group. SF-36 physical and mental components were significantly increased in the intervention group. Compliance was good, as confirmed by erythrocyte membrane phospholipid FA concentrations, with significant increase of EPA and DHA in the intervention group. Conclusion: The supplementation of n-3 LCPUFA in elderly female patients reduces the occurrence of depressive symptoms, improves phospholipids fatty acids profile and healthrelated quality of life. © 2011 Serdi and Springer Verlag France. ER  - 
5-HT1A autoreceptor modulation of locomotor activity induced by nitric oxide in the rat dorsal raphe nucleus; The dorsal raphe nucleus (DRN) is the origin of ascending serotonergic projections and is considered to be an important component of the brain circuit that mediates anxiety- and depression-related behaviors. A large fraction of DRN serotonin-positive neurons contain nitric oxide (NO). Disruption of NO-mediated neurotransmission in the DRN by NO synthase inhibitors produces anxiolytic- and antidepressant-like effects in rats and also induces nonspecific interference with locomotor activity. We investigated the involvement of the 5-HT1A autoreceptor in the locomotor effects induced by NO in the DRN of male Wistar rats (280-310 g, N = 9-10 per group). The NO donor 3-morpholinosylnomine hydrochloride (SIN-1, 150, and 300 nmol) and the NO scavenger S-3-carboxy-4-hydroxyphenylglycine (carboxy-PTIO, 0.1-3.0 nmol) were injected into the DRN of rats immediately before they were exposed to the open field for 10 min. To evaluate the involvement of the 5-HT1A receptor and the N-methyl-Daspartate (NMDA) glutamate receptor in the locomotor effects of NO, animals were pretreated with the 5-HT1A receptor agonist 8-hydroxy-2-(di-n-propylamino)tetralin (8-OH-DPAT, 8 nmol), the 5-HT1A receptor antagonist N-(2-[4-(2-methoxyphenyl)-1- piperazinyl]ethyl)-N-2-pyridinyl-cyclohexanecarboxamide maleate (WAY-100635, 0.37 nmol), and the NMDA receptor antagonist DL-2-amino-7-phosphonoheptanoic acid (AP7, 1 nmol), followed by microinjection of SIN-1 into the DRN. SIN-1 increased the distance traveled (mean ± SEM) in the open-field test (4431 ± 306.1 cm; F7,63 = 2.44, P = 0.028) and this effect was blocked by previous 8-OH-DPAT (2885 ± 490.4 cm) or AP7 (3335 ± 283.5 cm) administration (P < 0.05, Duncan test). These results indicate that 5-HT1A receptor activation and/or facilitation of glutamate neurotransmission can modulate the locomotor effects induced by NO in the DRN. ER  - 
A Neurosyphilis Case Presenting with Dementia; Neurosyphilis is an infection of central nervous system caused by Treponema pallidum and may present with neuropsychiatric symptoms. Neurosyphilis can mimic virtually any psychiatric disorder, including depression, mania, psychosis, personality changes, delirium and dementia. Neurosyphilis is a mysterious disease because it imitates psychiatric diseases leading difficulties in differential diagnosis. In addition, antibiotics may change its natural course, and therefore, its clinical manifestations. Mild or various forms of neurosyphillis may present, instead of the conventional form. In this paper, a case who could not have been detected at primary or secondary stages and presented with neuropsychological symptoms (tertiary neurosyphilis) was discussed. ER  - 
Psychotherapy and medication management strategies for obsessive-compulsive disorder; Obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) is a chronic anxiety disorder. While medication and psychotherapy advances have been very helpful to patients, many patients do not respond adequately to initial trials of serotonergic medication or cognitive-behavioral therapy (CBT) and require multiple treatment trials or combination therapies. Comorbidity may also influence treatment response. The role of streptococcal infections in pediatric OCD has become an area of intense scrutiny and controversy. In this article, current treatment methods for OCD will be reviewed, with special attention to strategies for treating OCD in children and in patients with comorbid tic disorders. Alternative psychotherapy strategies for patients who are highly anxious about starting CBT, such as cognitive therapy or augmentation with D-cycloserine, will be reviewed. Newer issues regarding use of antibiotics, neuroleptics, and glutamate modulators in OCD treatment will also be explored. © 2011 Walsh and McDougle, publisher and licensee Dove Medical Press Ltd. ER  - 
New strategies in migraine therapy; Currently there are no clinical investigations of novel triptans. However, innovative delivery systems of triptans are under study. In the USA a novel formulation of sumatriptan which is delivered using an iontophoretic transdermal patch is submitted to approval. A needle-free drug delivery system to subcutaneously admin- ister sumatriptan for the acute treatment of migraine is approved. A fixed-dose tablet of sumatriptan and naproxen sodium is approved by the FDA. Other fixed combinations of triptans with NSAIDs or caffeine or acetaminophen are being tested. Amitriptyline is effective in chronic migraine; levetiracetame is not. The combination of topiramate and propranolol is not superior to a monotherapy of chronic migraine with topiramate. For treatment of acute migraine attacks valproate given intravenously is just as well effective as acetylsalicylic acid. Calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP) receptor antagonists, 5-HT 1F receptor agonists, glutamate receptor antagonists, nitric oxide syntase inhibitors and gap junction modulators, which do not have direct vasoconstrictor effects, are targets for acute antimigraine drugs. Oral inhalation of dihydroergotamine as a novel route of administration improving pulmonary systemic absorption is under investigation. Targeting the cortical spreading depression and neuromodulatory brainstem structures transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) or the application of drugs inhibiting neuronal-glial gap junctions are analysed in clinical trials and animal experiments. Intramuscular injections of OnabotulinumtoxinA across seven specific head/neck muscle areas are approved to treat chronic migraine refractory to oral medication. The significance of neuromodulatory techniques (e. g. occipital nerve block) in the treatment of chronic migraine is a matter of debate. This therapeutic option should be restricted to special centers. To prevent chronic migraine possible comorbidities should be diagnosed and treated. © Schattauer 2011. ER  - 
The Effects of Penile Girth Enhancement using Injectable Hyaluronic Acid Gel, a Filler; Introduction. Despites the debates on penile girth enhancement (PGE), demands for enhancement are increasing. Recently, various fillers have been widely used for soft tissue augmentation with proven efficacy and safety. Aims. To identify the feasibility and efficacy of PGE by injection of filler. Methods. Fifty patients with subjective small penis who visited Korea University Guro outpatient clinic were enrolled and prospectively followed. Restylane Sub-Q (Q-med, Upssala, Sweden) was injected into the fascial layer of penile body via 21G cannula with "Back & Forth Technique" and homogenized with a roller. Main Outcome Measures. From April 2006 to February 2008, 50 patients were enrolled and 41 patients were followed until 18 months after PGE. Changes in penile girth at midshaft were measured by tapeline at 1 and 18 months. Patient's visual estimation of residual volume (Gr 0-4), patient's satisfaction (Gr 0-4), and any adverse reactions were also evaluated. Results. Mean injected volume was 20.56cc (18-22). Compared with basal girth of 7.48±0.35cm, maximal circumference was significantly increased to 11.41±0.34cm at 1 month (P<0.0001) and maintained as 11.26±0.33cm until 18 months. In patient's visual estimation, two patients complained the decrease as Gr 3 with focal depression at 1 month. At 18 months, all patients answered as Gr 4 without asymmetry. Patient's and partner's satisfaction score was 3.71±0.46 and 3.65±0.48 at 1 month and 3.34±0.53 and 3.38±0.49 at 18 months. There were no inflammatory signs or serious adverse reactions in all cases. Conclusions. Considering the property of material, methods, and follow-up results of 18 months, PGE using filler is a very effective and safe technique for penile augmentation. © 2010 International Society for Sexual Medicine. ER  - 
The use of omega-3 fatty acids in mental illness; Purpose: This article will summarize the current evidence on the effects of omega-3 fatty acids on prevention and treatment of mental illness. Background: Omega-3 fatty acids are involved in many physiologic processes. Since they cannot be made de novo in the body, they are considered essential nutrients. As the Western diet evolved, dietary intake of fatty acids has shifted to increased omega-6 fatty acids and decreased omega-3 fatty acids intake. These changes have been correlated with numerous differences in prevalence and course of mental illnesses. Methods: A MEDLINE search from 1966 to December 2010 was completed to identify studies comparing changes in symptoms, functioning, other outcomes, and/or side effects in patients treated with omega-3 fatty acids for mental illness. The studies were reviewed and reported by specific psychiatric disorder studied. Conclusions: Omega-3 fatty acids play a role in many biologic functions. Epidemiologic data implicate omega-3 fatty acid deficiencies in many mental illnesses. Data are most robust for omega-3 fatty acids' role in affective disorders. However, data are conflicting, negative, or absent for most mental illnesses. © 2011 SAGE Publications. ER  - 
Meta-analysis of the effects of Eicosapentaenoic Acid (EPA) in clinical trials in depression; Objective: Randomized trials of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) treatment for depression have differed in outcome. Recent meta-analyses ascribe discrepancies to differential effects of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) versus docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and to diagnostic heterogeneity. This meta-analysis tests the hypothesis that EPA is the effective component in PUFA treatment of major depressive episodes. Data Sources: PubMed/MeSH was searched for studies published in English from 1960 through June 2010 using the terms fish oils (MeSH) AND (depressive disorder [MeSH] OR bipolar depression) AND randomized controlled trial (publication type). The search was supplemented by manual bibliography review and examination of relevant review articles. Study Selection: The search yielded 15 trials involving 916 participants. Studies were included if they had a prospective, randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled study design; if depressive episode was the primary complaint (with or without comorbid medical conditions); if omega-3 PUFA supplements were administered; and if appropriate outcome measures were used to assess depressed mood. Data Extraction: Extracted data included study design, sample sizes, doses and percentages of EPA and DHA, mean ages, baseline and endpoint depression ratings and standard deviations for PUFA and placebo groups, and P values. The clinical outcome of interest was the standardized mean difference in the change from baseline to endpoint scores on a depression rating scale in subjects taking PUFA supplements versus subjects taking placebo. Data Synthesis: In a mixed-effect model, percentage of EPA in the supplements was the fixed-effect predictor, dichotomized into 2 groups: EPA < 60% or EPA ≥ 60% of the total EPA + DHA. Secondary analyses explored the relevance of treatment duration, age, and EPA dose. Results: Supplements with EPA ≥ 60% showed benefit on standardized mean depression scores (effect size = 0.532; 95% CI, 0.277-0.733; t = 4.195; P < .001) versus supplements with EPA < 60% (effect size = -0.026; 95% CI, -0.200 to 0.148; t = -0.316; P = .756), with negligible contribution of random effects or heteroscedasticity and with no effects of treatment duration or age. Supplements with EPA < 60% were ineffective. Exploratory analyses supported a nonlinear model, with improvement determined by the dose of EPA in excess of DHA, within the range of 200 to 2,200 mg/d of EPA. Conclusions: Supplements containing EPA ≥ 60% of total EPA + DHA, in a dose range of 200 to 2,200 mg/d of EPA in excess of DHA, were effective against primary depression. Translational studies are needed to determine the mechanisms of EPA's therapeutic benefit. © Copyright 2011 Physicians Postgraduate Press, Inc. ER  - 
Nursing home medical staff organization: Correlates with quality indicators; Objectives: Little is known about the relationship between how medical care is organized and delivered in nursing homes. Taking a lead from the acute care arena, we hypothesize that nursing home medical staff organization (NHMSO) is an important predictor of clinical outcomes in the nursing home. Methods: A total of 202 usable surveys from a 2-wave survey process using the Dillman Method were returned from medical directors who were randomly selected from the AMDA membership and were asked to fill out a survey on the structure of medical organization in their primary nursing home practice. Quality measures that are likely to be affected by physician practice patterns were culled from NH Compare and OSCAR data sets and matched to the physician surveys, ie, long stay residents' prevalence of pain, restraint use, catheter use, pressure ulcers, pneumococcal vaccination, influenza vaccination, presence of advanced directives, prescription of antibiotics, and prevalence of depression. Results: Using a series of hierarchical multiple regressions, significant R2 changes were found when the medical staff organization dimensions were added in the regressions after controlling for nursing home structural characteristics for the following outcomes: pneumococcal vaccination and restraint use. Near significant findings were noted for pain prevalence among long-stay residents, catheter use, and prevalence of pressure ulcers. Conclusions: This study is the first to demonstrate a relationship between medical staff organizational dimensions and clinical outcomes in the nursing home setting and as such represents an initial " proof of concept." NHMSO should be considered as a potentially important mediating or moderating variable in the quality of care equation for nursing homes. © 2011 American Medical Directors Association. ER  - 
Beneficial effects of folic acid on enhancement of memory and antioxidant status in aged rat brain; As our population ages, diseases affecting memory and daily functioning will affect an increasing number of individuals, their families and the healthcare system. Therefore, there is a need to study and evaluate effects of certain conditions for anti-aging of the brain. Nutrient supplementation can modify the brain function. The chemistry and function of both the developing and the mature brain are influenced by diet (Fernstrom, Am J Clinical Nutrition 71:1669S-1673S, 2000). Clinical, biochemical, and pathological aspects have shown a correlation between mental symptoms, especially depression and cognitive decline, with high incidence of folate deficiency (Bottiglieri et al., J Neurol Neurosurg Psychiatry 69:562, 2000). In the present study, consequences of folic acid supplementation on brain dysfunction as a result of aging were studied in cerebral cortex, mid brain, and cerebellar regions of rat brain. This study was carried out on 6-, 11-, and 16-month-old rats, which received folic acid at a dose of 5 mg/kg body weight/day for a period of 8 weeks. Respective control groups of the same age groups were also taken. At the end of the treatment duration, behavioral studies were performed and later the animals were killed for various biochemical and histological investigations. Results indicated significant improvement in memory as assessed by active avoidance, passive avoidance, and plus maze tests in the folic acid supplemented aged animals. Significant improvement was also seen in the cellular protective mechanisms where by the activity of superoxide dismutase and catalase enzymes increased in folic acid supplemented group and so was the glutathione content. Increased lipid peroxidation content, a marker of aging, was also found to be decreased during folic acid supplementation in all the three regions of brain in our study. Thus, it can be concluded that folic acid helps in improving the memory status by reducing oxidative stress and maintaining the integrity of neurons during aging. © 2010 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC. ER  - 
The concept of depression as a dysfunction of the immune system; Chronic stress, by initiating changes in the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis and the immune system, acts as a trigger for anxiety and depression. Both experimental and clinical evidence shows that a rise in the concentrations of pro-inflammatory cytokines and glucocorticoids, as occurs in chronically stressful situations and in depression, contributes to the behavioural changes associated with depression. A defect in serotonergic function is associated with hypercortisolaemia and an increase in pro-inflammatory cytokines that accompany depression. Glucocorticoids and pro-inflammatory cytokines enhance the conversion of tryptophan to kynurenine. In addition to the resulting decrease in the synthesis of brain serotonin, this leads to the formation of neurotoxins such as the glutamate agonist quinolinic acid and contributes to the increase in apoptosis of astrocytes, oligodendroglia and neurons. The importance of the inflammation hypothesis of depression lies in raising the possibility that psychotropic drugs that have a central anti-inflammatory action might provide a new generation of antidepressants. Copyright © 2010 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
The role of polyunsaturated fatty acids in the pathology and treatment of depression; Several epidemiologic investigations have reported that the consumption of fish is associated with a lower onset of depression. In the blood and postmortem brain of patients with major depression, decreased contents of total n-3 fatty acids and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) or docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), and an increased ratio of n-6:n-3 were reported. In other types of depression, similar changes in omega fatty acids were also found in the blood of depressed patients. Most clinical trials showed that EPA as a monotherapy or adding EPA to other treatments could effectively improve depressive symptoms. With regard to the efficacy of fish oil (containing DHA and EPA) treatment, results are somehow inconsistent. In addition, most trials with pure DHA treatments failed. In this chapter, experimental studies demonstrating that n-3 fatty acids, especially EPA, could reduce glucocorticoid secretion, inhibit inflammatory responses, normalize serotonergic and noradrenergic neurotransmission, upregulate the expression of neurotrophins and downregulate the expression of apoptosis and reactive-oxygen-species-related genes are reviewed. Furthermore, the limitations and future research directions are raised and discussed. Copyright © 2010 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
The efficacy of n-3 fatty acids DHA and EPA (fish oil) for perinatal depression; Depressive symptoms are common during pregnancy and the post-partum period. Although essential n-3 PUFA may have beneficial effects on depression, it remains unclear whether they are also effective for perinatal depression. The purpose of the present study was to assess the efficacy of n-3 supplementation for perinatal depression, by performing a meta-analysis on currently available data. After a thorough literature search, we included seven randomised controlled trials in the meta-analysis, all with EPA and/or DHA supplementation. Most studies were judged to be of low-to-moderate quality, mainly due to small sample sizes and failure to adhere to Consolidated Standards of Reporting Trials guidelines. Some studies were not primarily designed to address perinatal depression. A total of 309 women on n-3 fatty acid supplementation were compared with 303 women on placebo treatment. n-3 Supplementation was not found to be significantly more effective than placebo at post-treatment with a pooled effect size (Hedges's g) of 20•03 (95% CI 20•18, 0•13; P=0•76) using a fixed-effects model. Heterogeneity was low-to-moderate (I 2 = 30%). In a subgroup analysis of three small studies of pregnant women with major depression, there was some indication of effectiveness (effect size 0•17; 95% CI -0•21, 0•55). In conclusion, the question of whether EPA and DHA administration is effective in the prevention or treatment of perinatal depression cannot be answered yet. Future research should focus on women who are clinically depressed (or at risk). The quality of research in this area needs to improve. Copyright © The Authors 2010. ER  - 
Ketamine for chronic pain and treatment resistant depression: A mechanistic hypothesis; Chronic Pain syndromes and Major Depressive Disorder account for two of the most costly and prevalent illnesses worldwide and are frequently comorbid and treatment resistant. In this review, we examine the current role of ketamine, a potent NMDA (N-methl-D-aspartic acid) receptor blocker, in treating chronic pain and major depression. The role of the NMDA receptor and glutamatergic system are increasingly being studied in mood disorders, and are known components in pain processing, opioid induced analgesic tolerance, and hyperalgesia. We propose a hypothetic therapeutic role of ketamine involving the opioidergic pathway in these patients with treatment resistant chronic pain and major depressive disorder. ©2010 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Vitamin B12-responsive severe leukoencephalopathy and autonomic dysfunction in a patient with "normal" serum B12 levels; Leukoencephalopathy and autonomic dysfunction have been described in individuals with very low serum B12 levels (<200 pg/ml), in addition to psychiatric changes, neuropathy, dementia and subacute combined degeneration. Elevated homocysteine and methylmalonic acid levels are considered more sensitive and specific for evaluating truly functional B12 deficiency. A previously healthy 62-year-old woman developed depression and cognitive deficits with autonomic dysfunction that progressed over the course of 5 years. The patient had progressive, severe leukoencephalopathy on multiple MRI scans over 5 years. Serum B12 levels ranged from 267 to 447 pg/ml. Homocysteine and methylmalonic acid levels were normal. Testing for antibody to intrinsic factor was positive, consistent with pernicious anaemia. After treatment with intramuscular B12 injections (1000 mg daily for 1 week, weekly for 6 weeks, then monthly), she made a remarkable clinical recovery but remained amnesic for major events of the last 5 years. Repeat MRI showed partial resolution of white matter changes. Serum B12, homocysteine and methylmalonic acid levels are unreliable predictors of B 12-responsive neurologic disorders, and should be thoroughly investigated and presumptively treated in patients with unexplained leukoencephalopathy because even long-standing deficits may be reversible. ER  - 
Clinical and biochemical changes in 53 Swedish dogs bitten by the European adder--Vipera berus.; Every year many dogs in Sweden are bitten by Vipera berus, the only venomous viper in Sweden. This prospective study investigated clinical signs, some biochemical parameters, treatment, and progress of disease after snakebite in 53 dogs. Effects of treatment with and without glucocorticoids were evaluated. All fifty-three dogs bitten by Vipera berus were examined the same day the dog was bitten and the next day. Two more examinations during 23 days post snake bite were included. Creatinine, creatine kinase (CK), alanine aminotransferase (ALT), glutamate dehydrogenase (GLDH), alkaline phosphatase (ALP) and bile acid results were followed through 3 to 4 samplings from 34 of the dogs. All dogs had variable severity of local swelling in the bite area and 73 per cent had affected mental status. Initial cardiac auscultation examination was normal in all dogs, but six dogs had cardiac abnormalities at their second examination, including cardiac arrhythmias and cardiac murmurs. All dogs received fluid therapy, 36 dogs were given analgesics, 22 dogs were treated with glucocorticoids, and ten dogs were treated with antibiotics. Evidence of transient muscle damage (increased CK) was seen one day after the snake bite in 15 (54%) of 28 sampled dogs. Moderate changes in hepatic test results occurred in 1 dog and several dogs (22 of 34) had transient, minor increases in one or more hepatic test result. No dog died during the observation period as a consequence of the snake bite. Snake bite caused local swelling in all dogs and mental depression of short duration in most dogs. Some dogs had transient clinical signs that could be indicative of cardiac injury and some other had transient biochemical signs of liver injury. Treatment with glucocorticoids did not have any clear positive or negative effect on clinical signs and mortality. ER  - 
Recent topics on pharmacotherapy for amphetamine-type stimulants abuse and dependence; Abuse of amphetamine-type stimulants (ATS), including amphetamine, methamphetamine (METH), and 3,4- methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA; ecstasy), has become a major public health problem worldwide. Use of these stimulants has significant psychiatric and medical consequences, including psychosis, dependence, overdose, and death. METH abuse in particular is an extremely serious and growing problem in many countries. The development of treatments for METH-related problems is particularly critical for users who experience persistent psychosis, pregnant women and women with children, gay and bisexual men, and users involved in the criminal justice system. However, there are currently no pharmacological treatments for the wide range of symptoms associated with METH-related problems. One of the reasons for this problem is that our knowledge of the cellular and molecular mechanisms underlying the development of METH-induced psychosis and dependence is limited. In this article, we review recent reports on potential pharmacotherapies (naltrexone, minocycline, antioxidants, immunotherapy, and dopaminergic, serotonergic, cholinergic, and GABAergic agents) for the treatment of ATS abusers. © 2010 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Prolonged QTc interval due to escitalopram overdose.; Drugs most commonly responsible for the acquired form of long QT syndrome are antibiotics and antidepressants. Escitalopram overdose leading to prolongation of the QTc interval has only twice been previously described in the literature. We report a 33-year-old Caucasian woman who attempted suicide by ingesting 15-20 pills of lithium (300 mg each), 15-20 pills of escitalopram (20 mg each), and alcohol. An electrocardiogram (ECG) on admission to the medicine telemetry unit showed a QTc prolongation of 491 ms and normal sinus rhythm. Repeat ECG 18 hours after admission showed a QTc of 502 ms and sinus bradycardia. Serial ECGs were continued with the following results of QTc/hours after admission: 499 ms/2, 485 ms/25 (> 1 day), 469 ms/41, 461 ms/71, 476 ms/97 (> 4 days). After the QTc interval had declined to 461 ms after more than 2 days (71 hours), the patient was transferred to the inpatient psychiatry ward service. Prescribers may wish to exercise caution when administering escitalopram to patients who have suicidal ideations and depression. In the event of an overdose, QT prolongation can occur and ECG monitoring should take place for at least 2 days after ingestion in order to prevent life-threatening arrhythmias such as torsades de pointes (tdp). Other factors and drugs that could contribute to prolongation of the QT interval should be taken into account when determining the time period needed for ECG monitoring in the individual patient. ER  - 
How are the inner hair cells and auditory nerve fibers activated without the mediation of the outer hair cells and the cochlear amplifier?; The present study was designed to assess whether, in the presence of a depression of the cochlear amplifier i.e. a sensorineural hearing loss (SNHL), the inner hair cells (IHCs) require the presence of a normal endocochlear potential for transduction. An SNHL was induced by injecting salicylic acid (which binds to the motor protein prestin in the outer hair cells), and then furosemide (which depresses the endocochlear potential) was injected. Furosemide did not cause an additional elevation of the threshold of the auditory nerve brainstem evoked response (ABR) over that induced by the salicylic acid injection. Exposure to noise was also used to induce a SNHL in other mice, and then furosemide was injected. Here too furosemide did not cause an additional ABR threshold elevation over that induced by the noise. These results show that the IHCs (and the auditory nerve) can be excited in the presence of a SNHL (i.e. without the cochlear amplifier) and in the absence of an endocochlear potential. Possible mechanisms of excitation in such a state are discussed. ER  - 
Fatty acids intake and depressive symptomatology in a greek sample: An epidemiological analysis; Background: Depression is associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease, but the association with dietary habits is not well understood. The aim of this work was to statistically model the association of depressive symptoms with fatty acids intake in persons free of cardiovascular disease. Method: A random multistage sampling, stratified by gender and age, was performed during 2001-2002. In the present work, psychological and dietary data from 453 men (19-89 years) and 400 women (18-84 years) were analyzed. Depression was assessed with the Zung's Self-rating Depression Scale (ZDRS). After a validation for the investigated population, plasma fatty acids in the form of their methyl esters were determined by gas chromatography, while dietary fatty acids were determined through a semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire and local food composition tables. Results: Women had significantly higher scores on the ZDRS as compared with men (47 ± 9 vs. 43 ± 10, p < 0.001). Multiadjusted data analysis after adjusting for age, gender, lifestyle, and dietary habits revealed that increased polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) and monounsaturated fatty acid (MUFA) concentrations, and, more specifically, high concentrations of plasma total n-3 fatty acids (b ± SE: -1.9 ± 0.5, p = 0.03), docosahexaenoic acid (-2.91 ± 1.04, p = 0.02), eicosapentaenoic acid (-2.54 ± 0.84, p = 0.03), a-linoleic acid (-16.8 ± 7.3, p = 0.01), and linoleic acid (-3.97 ± 0.21, p = 0.03), were associated with lower scores in the depression scale used. Conclusion: These results indicate that increased PUFA and MUFA concentrations are associated with diminished depressive symptomatology among apparently healthy adults. ER  - 
Serotonergic function, substance craving, and psychopathology in detoxified alcohol-addicted males undergoing tryptophan depletion; Alcohol addiction is associated with alterations of central nervous dopaminergic and serotonergic functions. Acute tryptophan depletion has not yet been applied in detoxified alcohol-addicted patients in order to investigate its impact on psychopathology, psychoneuroendocrinology, and substance craving behaviour. 25 alcohol-addicted males randomly either received a tryptophan-free or tryptophan-containing amino acid drink and 7 days later the respective other drink. Anxiety, depression, and craving were assessed before and 5 h after the drink. Tryptophan, 5-HIAA, dopamine, norepinephrine, epinephrine, and HVA in serum were measured before and after both treatments. Nocturnal urinary cortisol measurements and genotyping for the HTTLPR polymorphism of the SLC6A4 gene were performed. Tryptophan depletion resulted in a significant reduction of total and free serum tryptophan while the tryptophan-rich drink increased serum levels. Both treatments caused a significant increase of serum serotonin levels, however, serum 5-HIAA was decreased after depletion but increased after sham depletion. Dopamine and norepinephrine were elevated after tryptophan depletion and sham. Depletion increased depression scores (MADRS), while the full amino acid drink improved state and trait anxiety ratings (STAI) and substance craving. Urinary cortisol excretion was not affected by both treatments. Patients with the ll genotype of the serotonin transporter gene displayed lower baseline tryptophan levels compared to patients with the heterozygous genotype. Results suggest an impaired serotonergic function in alcohol-addicted males. © 2010 Elsevier Ltd. ER  - 
Actinomyces neuii-the unusual coryneform that can break your heart; Case Report: Cardiac troponin I(cTnI) is a protein present in the myocardium, initially studied as a diagnostic and prognostic marker in patients with myocardial infarction(MI).Subsequent studies have shown that elevated cTnI is a prognostic marker for the critically ill.We present a case of severe sepsis secondary to Actinomyces neuii(A.neuii) masquerading as MI.A 50 y old male was admitted with altered mental status.He was hypotensive,tachypneic with cool and mottled extremities. He was intubated, resuscitated and started on pressors.His wbc was 8.6, lactic acid 9.5, and had liver and renal failure.His cTnI was 4.95 initially and 22 four hours later,the EKG showed ST depression in anterolateral leads,the CXR was unremarkable and on TTE his EF was 40% with no wall motion abnormalities. Cardiogenic shock was considered but heart catheterization was deferred as he was on multiple pressors and in multiorgan failure.Medical therapy for a nstemi and broad spectrum antibiotics for possible septic shock were initiated.Shortly after, he developped ventricular tachycardia which was successfully cardioverted, but he clinically deteriorated and died four hours later.The following day his blood grew A. neuii. Elevated cTnI is common in the critically ill and present a diagnostic and therapeutic dilemma.In studies of patients with sepsis, it has been shown that elevated cTnI may be associated with EKG changes suggestive of ischemia in the absence of occlusive coronary artery disease.In 1994, Funke assigned the CDC group 1 coryneform organisms to a new species: A. neuii. It is a facultative anaerobe that can grow rapidly and well under aerobic condition,but can be missed easily if the specie is not identified when a coryneform grows.Unlike Actinomyces israelii ,it does not branch in filaments and doesn't form sulfur granules.It is isolated as the sole organism more frequently than with a mixed flora, and usually in the settings of a skin abscess,prostatitis,endocarditis,infected atheroma or joint prosthesis. To our knowledge this is the second fatality due to A. neuii. The prognosis is usually favorable as this organism responds well to antimicrobials used for other Gram positive rods. ER  - 
Psychotropic medications associated with severe neutropenia and fatal septic shock; Case Report: Neutropenia has been reported as an adverse drug reaction with many psychotropic medications used for the treatment of depressive disorders. We report a case of fatal severe neutropenia associated with the combination of mirtazapine, quetiapine, lamotrigine, and venlafaxine. A 40-year-old woman with a major depressive disorder was started on the following medications: mirtazapine, quetiapine, lamotrigine, and venlafaxine. Two weeks later, the patient developed severe ocular cellulitis, followed by a few episodes of recurrent pharyngitis, for which she was treated with oral antibiotics and instructed to continue taking her other medications. Approximately 4 weeks later, she developed a severe oral thrush, persistent fever, chills, rigors and a productive cough. After one week, she was taken to the Emergency Department, found to be neutropenic, and admitted for management of febrile neutropenia. Her stay was complicated by a seizure and cardiac arrest. Upon transfer to the ICU, she was unresponsive, febrile, hypotensive on vasopressors, and on mechanical ventilation. The CBC revealed WBC 600/mm3, ANC 18/mm3, Hb 9.6 g/dL, and platelets 161,000/ mm3. Her computed tomography (CT) of the chest revealed multilobar nodular infiltrates. Her peripheral blood culture grew Enterococcus faecium and the tracheal aspirate culture grew aspergillus and candida. The patient was treated with imipenem/cilastatin, voriconazole, vancomycin, and levofloxacin. No specific medical cause for neutropenia was identified; two bone marrow biopsies ruled out leukemia. The patient's condition continued to deteriorate; she developed multiorgan dysfunction syndrome and died 4 days later of suspected druginduced severe neutropenia and septic shock. Discussion: To our knowledge, this is the first reported case of fatal neutropenia associated with the combination of mirtazapine, quetiapine, lamotrigine, and venlafaxine. It is unclear whether neutropenia was due to one drug or the combination of all. Nevertheless, early recognition of this serious side effect is very important in order to avoid serious and potentially fatal outcomes. ER  - 
Pseudohypericin in Hypericum perforatum inhibited LPS-stimulated PGE2 and NO in mouse macrophages by potentiating SOCS3 expression; Introduction: Hypericum perforatum, also known as 'St. John's wort', is one of the most studied medicinal plants. Despite its primary use as an anti-depression agent, certain compounds such as hypericin and hyperforin in H. perforatum extract have been shown to inhibit tumor growth by inducing apoptosis/necrosis and inhibiting angiogenesis. Using hypericin in photodynamic cancer therapy is also being studied. Our previous studies have demonstrated that H. perforatum extract and a group of 4 compounds in it, namely pseudohypericin, amentoflavone, quercetin, and chlorogenic acid, decreased lipopolysaccharide (LPS)-stimulated macrophage inflammatory response, and identified the activation of suppressor of cytokine signaling 3 (SOCS3) as a candidate mechanism for this activity. Given that both inflammation and SOCS3 suppression are associated with tumor progression, we studied the role of SOCS3 activation in the anti-inflammatory activity of H. perforatum extract and its components. Methods: Specific siRNA was used to knockdown the expression of SOCS3 in RAW 264.7 mouse macrophages. Activation of SOCS3 in macrophages was measured at mRNA and protein levels using qRT-PCR and Western blot. H. perforatum extract at 30 μg/mL, the 4 compounds at the same concentrations as in the extract, and the combinations of individual compounds were applied to macrophages with and without SOCS3 knockdown to reveal whether their inhibition of LPS-stimulated prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) and nitric oxide (NO) was dependent on SOCS3. Results: SOCS3 expression in the mouse macrophages was activated upon LPS stimulation and further potentiated by H. perforatum extract and the 4 compounds studied. SOCS3 siRNA transfection significantly compromised the activation of SOCS3. H. perforatum extract and the 4 compounds reduced LPS-stimulated PGE2 and NO production, but only the inhibitory effect of the 4 compounds was negated by SOCS3 knockdown. Combinations of two or three of the 4 compounds that include pseudohypericin, the most essential component among the four that act synergistically in reducing macrophage inflammatory response, lost their inhibitory effect on PGE2 and NO production in SOCS3 knockdown cells. Conclusions: SOCS3 activation was critical for pseudohypericin's independent and interactive anti-inflammatory activity with amentoflavone, quercetin, and chlorogenic acid. H. perforatum extract utilized alternative mechanisms that are SOCS3 independent to inhibit macrophage inflammation. In addition to light-activated cytotoxicity and inhibition of angiogenesis, magnification of SOCS3 activation by H. perforatum extract might contribute to its anti-tumor potential. ER  - 
Rapid antidepressant actions of ketamine require stimulation of mammalian target of rapaymicin (mTOR) signaling and synaptic protein synthesis; Background: The rapid antidepressant response seen following ketamine administration in treatment resistant depressed patients demonstrates a powerful new approach for treating mood disorders compared to the weeks or months required for standard medications. Ketamine is a non-selective glutamate N-methyl-D-aspartic acid (NMDA) receptor antagonist. However, the molecular and cellular mechanisms underlying the rapid and efficacious therapeutic actions of ketamine are likely more complicated than simple NMDA receptor blockade, and so far have not been identified. We carried out a series of studies to examine the cellular signaling pathways that mediate the behavioral actions of ketamine, focusing on cascades known to rapidly influence synaptic plasticity, most notably the mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) pathway. Methods: Levels of the phosphorylated and activated forms of mTOR and related signaling proteins, 4E-BP1 and p70S6K, were determined by western blot analysis of synaptoneurosome preparations of prefrontal cortex (PFC). Levels of postsynaptic density 95 (PSD95), glutamate-AMPA receptor R1 (GluR1), and synapsin I, were also determined. The role of mTOR signaling in the behavioral actions of ketamine in the forced swim test (FST), learned helplessness (LH), and chronic unpredictable stress (CUS)/anhedonia model was determined by pre-infusion with rapamycin (ICV). The role of mTOR signaling in the antidepressant actions of an NMDA receptor 2B (NR2B) subtype selective antagonist, Ro 25-6981, was also examined. Results: Here we report that a low, behaviorally active dose of ketamine rapidly (1 hr) stimulates mTOR signaling, including increased levels of phosphorylated mTOR, 4E-BP1, and p70S6K. Ketamine administration also produced a rapid (2-6 hr) increase in levels of the synaptic proteins GluR1, PSD95, and synapsin I in synaptoneurosome preparations of PFC. Pre-infusion with the mTOR inhibitor, rapamycin, completely blocked the induction of these synaptic proteins. Moreover, rapamycin pre-infusion completely blocked the rapid antidepressant actions of ketamine in the FST, LH, and CUS/anhedonia model. The NR2B selective antagonist, Ro 25-6981, also rapidly increased mTOR signaling, and its antidepressant behavioral responses were blocked by rapamycin. Discussion: Fast activation of mTOR signaling, elevation of synapse associated proteins, and increased density and function of spines (see G Aghajanian) represents a novel mechanism for the rapid antidepressant actions of ketamine. These effects provide a mechanism for rapid reversal of stress- and/or depression-mediated atrophy of PFC neurons, reported in studies of rodent models and in postmortem tissue of depressed subjects. Identification of the signaling pathways underlying the rapid induction of synapses in the PFC provides novel targets for drug development, including NR2B selective compounds, but also agents that could directly influence mTOR signaling, such as metabotropic glutamate receptor 5 (mGluR5), and other as yet unidentified receptors that represent novel and promising drug targets. ER  - 
Phospholipase a2 and cyclo-oxygenase 2 genes influence the risk of interferon-alpha-induced depression by regulating polyunsaturated fatty acids levels; Background: Phospholipase A2 (PLA2) and cyclo-oxygenase 2 (COX2) are the two key enzymes in the metabolism of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), which in turn play an important role in cytokineinduced depression and sickness behaviour. Methods: Patients with chronic hepatitis C viral (HCV) infection (n=132) were assessed to examine the effects of seven single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in COX2 and PLA2 genes on the development of depression during interferon-alpha treatment; a subsample (n=63) was assessed for the erythrocyte levels of the three main PUFAs, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and arachidonic acid (AA). An independent “replication” sample of patients with major depression unrelated to cytokine treatment (n=82) was also examined. Results: 28% of participants developed interferon-alpha-induced depression. Participants with the PLA2 BanI GG or the COX2 rs4648308 AG genotypes had a higher risk of IFN-alpha-induced depression (odds ratio=3.1 and 3.5, respectively). The “at risk” PLA2 genotype was associated with lower EPA levels, and the “at risk” COX2 genotype was associated with lower DHA levels, during IFN-alpha treatment. The PLA2 BanI GG polymorphism was also associated with more somatic symptoms of depression, both in patients with interferon-alpha-induced depression and in the replication sample of patients with major depression. Conclusions: Genetic variations in the COX2 and PLA2 genes increase the risk of IFN-alpha-induced depression, possibly by affecting the levels of EPA and DHA. Moreover, PLA2 genotype is associated with somatic symptoms in depression. Our study confirms the role of inflammatory mechanisms in major depression. ER  - 
Inflammation-associated depression: A role for indoleamine 2,3 dioxygenase-dependent kynurenine metabolites; Background: The concept of inflammation-associated depression initially developed in the context of psychiatric side effects of cytokine immunotherapy in patients with viral infections or chemotherapy and radiotherapy-resistant malignancies. It has now developed well beyond this early iatrogenic context and applies to the increased prevalence of depression that is observed in patients with chronic inflammatory disorders, to age-related depressive symptoms and even to treatmentresistant depression. The mechanisms of inflammation-associated depression represent potential targets for the development of new antidepressants. Clinically, reduced circulating tryptophan and increased kynurenine levels are correlated with increased depression scores of patients undergoing cytokine immunotherapy, and the same alterations in the metabolism of tryptophan are observed in patients with various chronic inflammatory disorders. These biochemical alterations point to a possible role of activation of the tryptophan degrading enzyme indoleamine 2,3 dioxygenase (IDO) in the pathophysiology of inflammation-associated depression. Methods: To study the mechanisms of inflammation-associated depression, we have developed murine models of depressive-like behavior induced by acute or chronic activation of the peripheral innate immune system. In the first case, mice respond to intraperitoneal administration of lipopolysccharide by an episode of sickness which resolves in a few hours. This short duration permits an investigation of depressive-like behavior independently of sickness, based on increased duration of immobility in the forced swim and tail suspension test, and decreased consumption of sucrose in a two-bottle preference test. In the second case, mice are inoculated with Bacillus Calmette-Guerin. The subsequent sickness episode resolves within a few days and is followed by depressive-like behavior that can be evidenced for several weeks after inoculation. Results: We have confirmed that inflammation-induced depression is associated with activation of peripheral and central IDO, which is the first and rate-limiting enzyme of the kynurenine metabolic pathway. Inhibition of proinflammatory cytokine production by administration of minocycline abrogates the increased expression of proinflammatory cytokines and the subsequent activation of IDO, resulting in inhibition of both inflammation-induced sickness and depressive-like behavior. Inhibition of IDO activation by pharmacological means (administration of 1-methyl tryptophan) or the use of IDO knock-out mice specifically abrogates inflammation-induced depression without altering expression of proinflammatory cytokines and inflammation-induced sickness behavior. In addition, administration of kynurenine restores depressive- like behavior in IDO-knockout mice previously administered lipopolysaccharide, which indicates that immune activation is inducing depression via the formation of neuroactive kynurenine metabolites. Discussion: Because of the compartmentalization of kynurenine metabolism in the brain, the next step for this research is the determination of the cellular compartment in which degradation of kynurenine ultimately leads to development of depression. ER  - 
Omega-3 fatty acids for the treatment of depression: Systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Pharmacological and behavioral treatments for Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) show only modest efficacy. Evidence from both ecologic, cross-sectional and case-control studies suggest that fish consumption and omega-3 fatty acid (FA) intake may affect the prevalence of MDD. Because omega-3 FAs are anti-inflammatory and are preferentially incorporated in the brain, a high dietary omega-6 to omega-3 FA ratio could promote neuroinflammation. Increased omega-3 FA concentration in the diet may also act by altering CNS cell membrane fluidity and phospholipid composition which may alter the structure and function of the proteins embedded in it. By this mechanism, increased omega-3 FA concentrations in cell membranes have been shown to affect serotonin and dopamine neurotransmission. Several but not all clinical trials of omega-3 FAs in treatment of MDD have suggested efficacy. Previous meta-analyses have demonstrated a statistically significant beneficial effect of omega-3 FAs in the treatment of MDD but failed to account for potential publication bias in the literature. Methods: We conducted a meta-analysis of randomized, placebo controlled trials of omega-3 fatty acid treatment of unipolar depression in order to determine efficacy and to examine sources of heterogeneity between trials. PubMED was searched for randomized, placebocontrolled trials of omega-3 fatty acids in the treatment of unipolar depression. Our primary outcome measure was standardized mean difference in a clinical measure of depression severity. In stratified meta-analysis we examined the effects of trial duration, baseline depression severity, diagnostic indication, dose of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in omega-3 preparations and whether omega-3 fatty acid was given as monotherapy or as augmentation of traditional antidepressants. Results: In 13 randomized, placebo-controlled trials examining the efficacy of omega-3 fatty acids involving 731 participants, meta-analysis demonstrated no significant benefit of omega-3 fatty acid treatment compared to placebo (SMD=0.11, 95% CI: -0.04, 0.26). Meta-analysis demonstrated significant heterogeneity and publication bias. Nearly all evidence of omega-3 benefit was removed after adjusting for publication bias using the trim-and-fill method (SMD=0.01, 95% CI: -0.13, 0.15). Stratified analysis suggested increased efficacy of omega-3 fatty acid treatments when higher doses of EPA were used and in trials where study participants had greater baseline depression severity. Discussion: Current published trials suggest a small, non-significant benefit of omega-3 fatty acids for unipolar depression. Most of the treatment efficacy observed in the published literature may be attributable to publication bias. ER  - 
Proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy measurement of brain glutathione supports increased oxidative stress in major depressive disorder; Background: There is increasing evidence that oxidative stress plays an important pathophysiological role in severe psychiatric disorders. Glutathione (GSH) is a tripeptide composed of glutamate, cysteine and glycine, and serves as major intracellular antioxidant and redox regulator protecting cells against oxidative stress. Dysregulation of the GSH system has been hypothesized to reduce glutamatergic activity at the NMDA receptor and attenuate neurotrophin production, processes functionally linked to cognitive and affective symptoms in major depressive disorder (MDD). While previous 1H MRS studies in MDD have identified regional brain abnormalities in the amino acid neurotransmitters GABA and glutamate + glutamine (Glx), no study to our knowledge has measured in vivo brain GSH in MDD. In this pilot study, we aimed to test the hypothesis that oxidative stress is central to the pathophysiology of MDD and that GSH levels would accordingly be decreased. Methods: Ten patients (6 females, mean age=33.5±10.7) met the diagnosis of MDD by DSM-IV-TR criteria and confirmed by SCID interview. Psychiatric conditions commonly comorbid with MDD (e.g. substance abuse or dependence) were excluded. MDD patients had moderate-to-severe depressive symptoms (QIDS-SR=16.7±4.8) at the time of scan. To avoid confounds of psychotropic medication usage on neuroimaging measures, all subjects were psychotropic medicationfree for at least 2 weeks prior to scanning. Twelve non-psychiatrically ill, medically healthy volunteers (6 females, mean age=26±2.5) assessed by the SCID-IV-NP, were comparison subjects. All in vivo brain GSH spectra were recorded from a single 3x3x2-cm3 occipital lobe voxel on a GE 3.0 T “EXCITE” MR system using the standard J-edited spin echo difference method and an 8-channel phased-array head coil. Briefly, volume-selective J-editing detection of GSH was accomplished by incorporating into the standard PRESS sequence a pair of frequency-selective “editing” pulses before and after the second 180o rf pulse flanked by spoiler gradients of opposite signs. Each frequency-selective editing pulse was applied at 4.56 ppm (the frequency of the GSH cysteinyl a protons) on alternate scans with TE/TR 68/1500 ms, resulting in alternated inversion of the GSH cysteinyl b doublet at 2.9 ppm by alternatively inhibiting and allowing its J-modulation. Subtracting two subspectra thus acquired in 15 min with 240 interleaved excitations yielded the desired GSH resonance at 2.9 ppm, while the much stronger overlapping tCr resonance - a singlet that is not J-modulated - is eliminated. GSH peak areas were derived by frequency-domain spectral fitting and expressed as ratios relative to the area of a simultaneously acquired unsuppressed voxel tissue water (W). Results: Mean GSH/W in the occipital cortex was significantly reduced in the MDD group compared to healthy volunteers (P=0.009), representing a 23% mean reduction. Notably, 9 of 10 MDD patients had occipital GSH/W below the group mean of the healthy group, compared to 1 of 12 patients in the healthy group for the converse (Fisher Exact Test po 0.05). There was a significant difference between groups in mean age (p=0.02), and a negative correlation between GSH/W and age (r=-0.622, p=0.01). However, GSH/W in the MDD group remained significantly lower than in the healthy volunteer group after adjusting for age (p=.014). Discussion: This is the first study to our knowledge to investigate in vivo cortical GSH in patients with MDD. Our preliminary finding of decreased cortical GSH in MDD is consistent with pathophysiological models postulating a role for oxidative stress and oxidative metabolic pathways in mood disorders. The potential therapeutic relevance of these findings is suggested by emerging data showing that the GSH precursor N-acetyl cysteine (NAC) has benefit in mood disorders such as bipolar disorder. These preliminary results suggest further investigations in larger samples to assess antioxidant capacity in additional brain regions implicated in mood regulation. In addition, scrutiny of clinical features such as anxiety and disease chronicity, and lifestyle factors that impact GSH and oxidative stress pathways, such as physical exercise, diet, and smoking history, is warranted. ER  - 
Evidences for an antidepressant effect of willow bark in the Porsolt swimming test; Background and question: Recent clinical and population based studies including a meta-analysis (data 1967-2008) demonstrated a relevance of proinflammatory cytokines and markers of inflammation for depression. Interestingly combinatory treatments of fluoxetine and celecoxib (COX-2 inhibitor) in patients with depression were superior to fluoxetine alone. Therefore we investigated the effect of willow bark extract (STW33-I), a known COX-inhibitor and cytokine modulator, on the behaviour of rats in the Porsolt swimming test (FST), a standard model for depression. Methods: Male CD rats (n = 12/group) were treated with STW-33-I (30 mg/kg) (group A) and its different fractions (30 mg/kg) (Groups B-E) for 14 days. The fractions (Fr) differed in their composition (Group B) rich in polyphenols + flavanoids, (C) rich in flavonoids, (D) rich in salicin, (E) rich in proanthocyanidines. Imipramine (20 mg/kg) (group F) was used as reference drug, one group remained untreated [1,2]. FST was performed on day 15. RNA of blood samples from rats was isolated. Samples of groups with significant results in the FST were further analysed for their gene expression (Agilent Rat whole genome microarray) in comparison to controls (n = 4 per group). Results: Groups A, D and F showed a significant reduction in the cumulative duration of immobility (p < 0.05). However, gene expression differed in these groups with group A showing the strongest gene regulation in comparison to the controls. The strongest regulated genes (>7-fold, p < 0.01) belonged to the extracellularmatrix, the fatty acid metabolism and theCNS(Gria 2, Olr 156). Cytokines and related receptors (IL-3ra, IL-13ra, IL- 18bp, IL-20rb, IL22ra) were significantly modulated to a lower extent. Conclusion: Data support the view that modulators of cytokines and inflammation play a role in the pathogenesis of depression. The potential of willow bark extract in the treatment of depression should be evaluated. ER  - 
Cognitive-enhancing and antidepressant effects of chronic celecoxib and memantine treatment in an OBX rat model of Alzheimer's disease; Immune dysfunction plays a role in the pathogenesis of various neurodegenerative disorders. Increase in the proinflammatory cytokines in Alzheimer's disease (AD) is associated with cognitive deficits and depressive symptoms. Removal of the olfactory bulbs (OBX) from a laboratory rat leads to long-lasting behavioral, neurochemical changes and deficits in learning and memory; and as such OBX may model certain aspects of AD. OBX have been reported to have elevated levels of pro-inflammatory cytokines and have been used to study the relationship between immune dysfunction and behavioral/cognitive abnormalities. In the present study, OBX were used to assess whether chronic celecoxib and memantine administration starting presurgery, would prevent/delay abnormal behavioral and cognitive developments. Pharmacological effects of an anti-dementia drug, memantine, an uncompetitive NMDA receptor antagonist, and celecoxib, a COX2 inhibitor, were evaluated in the OBX induced cognitive impairments. Chronic administration of memantine (20 mg/kg) and celecoxib (10 mg/kg) starting 2 days before OBX surgery and continuing for 4 weeks, attenuated passive avoidance (PA) memory deficits and normalized the hyperactivity in the open field (OF) associated with OBX; yet had no effect on the spatial memory as measured in the holeboard. When tested 1 week after treatment cessation, the celecoxib treated OBX animals still showed improved PA memory in comparison to the OBX treated vehicle and the sham operated controls. Peripheral interleukin levels were measured at various time points: before, during, and post chronic drug administration. Possible mechanisms by which celecoxib and memantine improved PA memory and hyperactivity in OBX rats may result from the suppression of inflammation and normalization of the glutamatergic system. Celecoxib has been found to reduce both blood and brain PGE2 concentrations and decrease blood IL-1 levels resulting in attenuating PA memory deficit and normalizing hyperactivity mediated by OBX. Memantine's antagonistic properties to diminish the sustained increase of extracellular glutamate levels may have resulted in cognitive protection and prevention of the pathological microglial activation. These findings suggest that pharmacological intervention during the early phases of the neuroinflammation development not only rescues the behavioral and cognitive abnormalities, but also slows down the progression of the cognitive impairment. ER  - 
The concept of depression as a dysfunction of the immune system; Chronic stress, by initiating changes in the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis and the immune system, acts as a trigger for anxiety and depression. Both experimental and clinical evidence shows that a rise in the concentrations of proinflammatory cytokines and glucocorticoids, as occurs in chronically stressful situations and in depression, contribute to the behavioural changes associated with depression. A defect in serotonergic function is associated with hypercortisolaemia and the increase in proinflammatory cytokines that accompany depression. Glucocorticoids and proinflammatory cytokines enhance the conversion of tryptophan to kynurenine. In addition to the resulting decrease in the synthesis of brain serotonin, this leads to the formation of neurotoxins such as the glutamate agonist quinolinic acid and contributes to the increase in apoptosis of astrocytes, oligodendroglia and neurons. The importance of the inflammation hypothesis of depression lies in raising the possibility which psychotropic drugs that have a central anti-inflammatory action might provide a new generation of antidepressants. © 2010 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Long-chain omega-3 fatty acids and women's mental health in the perinatal period and beyond; Recent research has shown that depression and a range of physical illnesses, including heart disease, metabolic syndrome, and type 2 diabetes, have an inflammatory etiology. The long-chain omega-3 fatty acids (omega-3s) eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), which are found in fish and fish-oil products, may protect against these illnesses, in part because they lower inflammation. This article reviews the recent research on omega-3s and women's mental health, with a particular focus on the perinatal period. These studies include population studies examining fish consumption and studies testing the efficacy of EPA and DHA as treatments for depression. Although the findings are mixed, the majority of studies indicate that EPA has efficacy in treating depression either alone or in combination with DHA and/or antidepressant medications. The role of DHA alone in mental health is less clear, but it is generally combined with EPA and appears to have a beneficial effect. In moderate doses, EPA and DHA appear safe for pregnant and postpartum women, and they are well tolerated by patients. © 2010 American College of Nurse-Midwives. ER  - 
Quality-of-life outcomes after endoscopic sinus surgery: How long is long enough?; Objective To determine the time interval during which quality-of-life (QOL) outcomes stabilize after endoscopic sinus surgery (ESS). Study Design Multi-institutional, longitudinal cohort. Setting Tertiary rhinology centers. Subjects and Methods Adults with chronic rhinosinusitis from three medical centers were asked to provide responses to the Rhinosinusitis Disability Index (RSDI) and the Chronic Sinusitis Survey (CSS) at baseline and six months, 12 months, and 20 months after endoscopic sinus surgery. Repeated measures and post-hoc analyses were used to compare QOL scores among follow-up time points. Subgroup analyses were performed in a similar fashion for patients with and without nasal polyposis, asthma, allergies, acetylsalicylic acid intolerance, depression, and previous sinus surgery. Results A total of 127 patients provided complete follow-up data for all three time points. Improvement in QOL scores was seen at six months after surgery for both the RSDI and CSS instruments. When comparing changes in mean QOL scores among all follow-up time points, there were no significant differences in either RSDI or CSS total scores (all P < 0.853) or subscale scores (all P < 0.251) between six, 12, and 20 months. Each individual subgroup demonstrated stable QOL scores between six and 20 months' follow-up, including patients with polyposis and those with intolerance to acetylsalicylic acid (all P < 0.275). Conclusion At a cohort level, improvements in QOL after ESS do not appear to change between six and 20 months. Clinical trial designs incorporating QOL outcomes after ESS should consider the six-month time frame as an appropriate primary end point. © 2010 American Academy of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery Foundation. ER  - 
Using non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs in the treatment of depression; Background: Clinicians have long noticed a correlation between physiological markers of inflammation and depression. The best-known example is the activation of the hypothalamus-pituitary-adrenal axis and cortisol secretion; however more recent studies have demonstrated increased salivary prostaglandins and plasma acute phase proteins in depressed patients. To date four randomised controlled trials have used celecoxib or rofecoxib as adjuncts to serotonin selective reuptake inhibitors in the treatment of depression. These suggested a statistically significant decrease in depressive symptoms in the patients taking NSAIDs and SSRIs, compared to patients taking SSRIs alone. Interpretation of these results is limited by the small sample size and short duration of these preliminary studies. The research only considers depressed patients receiving treatment in secondary care; no study has examined the effectiveness of NSAIDs as an adjunct in primary care, even though most cases of depression in the UK are managed in the community by general practitioners. Proposal: We propose a multi-centre double-blinded randomised controlled trial with two objectives: to determine whether Citalopram plus celecoxib dual therapy achieves a greater reduction in depressive symptoms (quantified using the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS)) within four weeks, compared to Citalopram monotherapy; and to determine whether Citalopram plus celecoxib dual therapy is more likely to achieve remission (HDRS score ≤7) of moderate to severe depression within six months, compared with Citalopram monotherapy. The endpoints will be the reduction in HDRS score after 4 weeks of treatment, and the HDRS score after 26 weeks of treatment. The study will enrol 452 participants from general practices who have a moderate or severe, current or recurrent major depressive episode when medication with an SSRI is considered. The study population will be stratified according to age, sex, HDRS score, age of onset of first episode, number of previous depressive episodes and duration of current episode. The population will then be randomised into two groups. Subjects will be interviewed to determine HDRS score, measure blood pressure, count pills and discuss side-effects. This will occur weekly for the first four weeks, and every four weeks thereafter. © Medicinska naklada. ER  - 
An elderly diabetic case of ochronosis with depression and chronic pain; Alkaptonuria (ochronosis) is a rare autosomal recessive disorder featuring a genetic error in the amino acid metabolism. A defect in the tyrosine metabolism results in the accumulation and deposition of homogentisic add in connective tissue, causing a blue-black discolouration. Degenerative arthropathy of the spine, knee, and hip are common signs of ochronosis in older age. An association between ochronosis and depression has not previously been discussed in the literature. This case report describes a 69 year-old woman with diabetes mellitus, ochronosis, depression and chronic pain. ER  - 
The role of dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) in drug-seeking behavior; Conventional substance-abuse treatments have only had limited success especially for drugs such as cocaine, methamphetamine and nicotine. Newer data have begun to shed light on the complexity of the addictive process and new treatment approaches, including interference with brain neurosteroids, to attenuate drug-seeking behavior, are in advanced stages of development. Neurosteroids are synthesized in the brain and peripheral tissues, from cholesterol or steroidal precursors imported from peripheral sources. The most abundant neurosteroids in the human body are DHEA and its sulfate ester, DHEAS. These neurosteroids can act as modulators of neurotransmitter receptors, such as γ-aminobutyric-acid-type A (GABAA), NMDA, and sigma-1 receptors which may contribute to apparent enduring behavioral manifestations facilitated by substances of abuse. Neurosteroid concentrations respond to environmental and behavioral circumstances, such as stress and mood, both which are involved in the progression of substance use that advance substance addiction.This article reviews the current literature pertaining to neurosteroids and substances of abuse, focusing on DHEA, and discusses its role in drug-seeking behavior as suggested by preclinical observations. © 2010 Elsevier Ltd. ER  - 
Suicide attempt in ulcerative colitis patient after 4months of infliximab therapy - A case report; In the summary of product characteristics of infliximab (IFX), psychiatric side effects are reported to be rare, and in literature only limited data exist. This report presents a case of a patient with ulcerative colitis who developed a depression with psychotic symptoms during IFX therapy and made a suicide attempt 4. months after the initiation of therapy. Although the time between start of IFX therapy and onset of symptoms could suggest a correlation, this, of course, does not prove that IFX was the causative factor for his depression and suicide attempt. © 2010. ER  - 
Duloxetine treatment of long-term ketamine abuse-related lower urinary tract symptoms: A case report; Objective: To report a case of ketamine abuse-related lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS) in a depressed patient, who was successfully treated with duloxetine. Case report: A 19-year-old woman with long-term (3 years) daily ketamine abuse had developed moderate depressive symptoms after forced cessation of ketamine use, together with severe LUTS of 3 months' duration. Urinary analysis and culture revealed negative results, and treatment with antibiotics was unsuccessful. Ketamine abuse-related LUTS were suspected and duloxetine was prescribed at 60 mg daily. After 2 weeks, the symptoms of depression and LUTS had been relieved. Conclusions: Duloxetine can be considered as one of the therapeutic drugs of choice for depressive patients with significant LUTS. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Maintenance therapy of celecoxib for major depression with mimicking neuropsychological dysfunction; Growing evidence suggests that proinflammatory responses will be a crucial issue for developing neuropsychiatric disorders. Recent clinical trials demonstrated that adjunctive therapy of cyclo-oxygenase (COX)-2 inhibitor was effective for major depression. Here, we present the case of an elderly depressed woman with acute cognitive deficit who was refractory to multiple antidepressants but only responsive to celecoxib, a COX-2 inhibitor, in acute treatment and sustaining remission for a 5-year treatment course. Our finding suggests that a therapeutic effect of celecoxib exists for major depressive disorder comorbid with neurocognitive dysfunction. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Is there a role for the nuclear receptor PPARγ in neuropsychiatric diseases?; The aetiology of psychiatric diseases such as depression or schizophrenia remains largely unknown, even though multiple theories have been proposed. Although monoamine theory is the cornerstone of available pharmacological therapies, relapses, incomplete control of symptoms or failure in treatment occur frequently. From an inflammatory/immune point of view, both entities share several common hallmarks in their pathophysiology, e.g. neuroendocrine/immune alterations, structural/functional abnormalities in particular brain areas, and cognitive deficits, suggesting a dysregulated inflammatory-related component of these diseases that better explains the myriad of symptoms presented by affected individuals. In this review we aimed to explore the role and relevance of inflammatory related lipids (prostanoids) derived from arachidonic acid metabolism by identification of new inflammatory markers and possible pharmacological/dietary modulation of these compounds, with the aim of improving some of the symptoms developed by individuals affected with psychiatric diseases (a critical review of basic and clinical studies about inflammatory-related arachidonic acid metabolism on neuropsychiatric diseases is included). As a specific candidate, one of these immunoregulatory lipids, the anti-inflammatory prostaglandin 15d-PGJ2 and its nuclear receptor peroxisome proliferator-activated nuclear receptor (PPARγ) could be used as a biological marker for psychiatric diseases. In addition, its pharmacological activation can be considered as a multi-faceted therapeutic target due to its anti-inflammatory/antioxidant/anti-excitotoxic/pro-energetic profile, reported in some inflammatory-related scenarios (neurological and stress-related diseases). PPARs are activated by a great variety of compounds, the most relevant being the currently prescribed group of anti-diabetic drugs thiazolidinediones, and some cannabinoids (both endocannabinoids, phytocannabinoids or synthetic), as possible novel therapeutical strategy. © 2010 CINP. ER  - 
Melting point and softening time of suppositories containing nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs; The melting point of lipophilic base mixtures for suppositories comprising confectionary fats with various surfactants including emulsifying cetostearyl alcohol type B (1-10%), emulsifier T-2 (1-5%), sodium lauryl sulfate (0.2-5%), and phospholipid concentrate (0.1-1%) has been investigated. It is established that these surfactants added in the indicated concentrations lead to depression of the melting point of confectionary fat. Introduction of suspended nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) such as diclofenac sodium, analgin, paracetamol, naproxen, acetylsalicylic acid, and sodium salicylate to the aforementioned mixtures changed their melting points within 0.5-3°C depending on the nature of the drug and excipient. The melting points of all investigated suppositories fell within 31.0-36.3°C, thus obeying pharmacopoeial requirements. The softening time of all anti-inflammatory suppositories varied within 2-11 min depending on the particular types of components and was within the pharmacopoeial limits. A comparative analysis of the variation of melting point and softening time of the NSAID suppositories showed no clear correlation between the two parameters in the indicated limits. The reported data can be used for selecting the optimum bases for suppositories and developing a common approach to the evaluation of the quality and performance characteristics of suppositories. © 2010 Springer Science+Business Media, Inc. ER  - 
Efficacy of a multimodal analgesia protocol in total knee arthroplasty: A randomized, controlled trial; A total of 100 osteoarthritis patients undergoing unilateral total knee arthroplasty were randomly assigned to receive either a multimodal analgesia protocol, comprising oral celecoxib and tramadol before and after surgery and intra-articular injection of large doses of morphine, ropivacaine, adrenaline and betamethasone during surgery (trial group), or oral and intra-articular placebo (control group). All patients received patient-controlled analgesia for 48 h after surgery. Morphine consumption up to 48 h after surgery was significantly lower in the trial than in the control group. Compared with the control group, the trial group had significantly lower visual analogue scale (VAS) scores for pain at rest from 6 h to 7 days after surgery and significantly lower VAS scores during activity from 24 h to 7 days after surgery. Active straight leg raise and active 90° knee flexion were achieved sooner and range of knee movement at postoperative days 1-15 were significantly greater in the trial group. Postoperative wound healing, infection, blood pressure, heart rate, rash, respiratory depression, urinary retention and deep vein thrombosis were similar in the two groups, but nausea and vomiting were significantly less frequent in the trial group. © 2010 Field House Publishing LLP. ER  - 
21st European Students' Conference. Promising Medical Scientists Willing to Look Beyond; The proceedings contain 562 papers. The topics discussed include: comparison of different preconcentration techniques in breath analysis under real life clinical conditions; correlation between chronic musculoskeletal pain and depression; centella asiatica leaf extract treatment in stress-induced rats: enhancement of spatial memory and increasing of the thickness of hippocampal CA1 pyramidal layer; assessment of midazolam and propofol sedative effect on the quality of upper gastrointestinal endoscope; the effect of fruit and vegetable juices on acid-base statues of a body; diazoxide and cyclosporine a effects on oxidative phosphorylation in mitochondria isolated from ischemic rat hearts; the prognostic significance of anemia development and drop in hemoglobin concentration and their relation with admission platelet parameters in patients after invasive treatment of acute myocardial infarction; and level of NT-pro BNP and its prognostic significance in patients with acute coronary syndrome. ER  - 
Self-reported impact of dysphonia in a primary care population: An epidemiological study; Objectives/Hypothesis: This study's objectives are to 1) to assess the prevalence of dysphonia in the primary care community, 2) evaluate the severity of dysphonia, 3) explore potential risk factors for dysphonia, 4) examine the treatment of dysphonic patients,and 5) assess treatment-related barriers. The hypotheses are that 1) dysphonia is common in the primary care community, 2) it adversely impacts patients' quality of life (QOL), and 3) patients are underevaluated and experience obstacles with respect to seeking treatment. Study Design: Cross-sectional, practice-based study in the primary care population. Methods: English-speaking patients 18 years of age and older were recruited from a primary care research network. Patients presenting to their primary care practices were given a packet of questionnaires to complete that documented demographic information, risk factors, presence of dysphonia, prior treatment, and reasons for not seeking treatment. The Voice-Related Quality of Life (VRQOL) and Center for Epidemiological Studies-Depression Scale (CES-D) served as quality-of-life outcome measures. A priori sample size calculations were performed indicating a sample size of 780. Univariate analyses, descriptive statistics, odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals, and multivariate analyses were performed. Results: A total of 789 patients with a mean age of 49.9 years and range of 18 to 94 years participated. Lifetime prevalence of dysphonia was 29.1%,point prevalence of dysphonia 7.5%, and 4.3% had had dysphonia for <4 weeks. Of those with current dysphonia, only 46% had not missed work. Of those with current dysphonia, 73.3% had had dysphonia more than once. Patients with dysphonia had lower VRQOL scores and higher CES-D scores (t test, P ≥.001). Risk factors for dysphonia and impaired VRQOL on multivariate analysis included neurologic disease, dry mouth, family history of dysphonia, college or postgraduate level education, allergies or sinus problems, neck pain, medication for depression/ anxiety, more than three upper respiratory infections per year, gastroesophageal reflux at least monthly, and asthma or lung disease. Of the patients who had ever had dysphonia, 22.1% received treatment. Common treatment modalities included antireflux treatment, antiallergy treatment, and antibiotics. Speech-language pathology evaluation was rare. Compared to those not interested in treatment, patients wanting treatment were more likely to have chronic dysphonia <4 weeks (30.6% vs. 8.1%; v2, P ≥.001), more likely to have dysphonia more than once (85.1% vs. 58.0%; v2, P ≥.001), and lower VRQOL scores (median 67.5 vs. 97.5; rank sum test, P >l.001). Reasons for not seeking treatment included thinking the dysphonia would go away, physicians did not ask about voice problems, and being unaware of treatment options. Conclusions: At the time one in 13 primary care patients had dysphonia resulting in significant functional impairment with reduced voice-specific QOL and greater depression scores. Risk factors for dysphonia and voice-specific QOL impairment were identified and might be useful for identifying patients at risk for dysphonia. Barriers exist that prevent dysphonic patients from receiving evaluation and treatment. Whether improved methods of dysphonia screening leads to better outcomes and reduced societal impact needs investigation. © 2010 The American Laryngological. ER  - 
Pathophysiology of depression: Do we have any solid evidence of interest to clinicians?; Due to the clinical and etiological heterogeneity of major depressive disorder, it has been difficult to elucidate its pathophysiology. Current neurobiological theories with the most valid empirical foundation and the highest clinical relevance are reviewed with respect to their strengths and weaknesses. The selected theories are based on studies investigating psychosocial stress and stress hormones, neurotransmitters such as serotonin, norepinephrine, dopamine, glutamate and gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA), neurocircuitry, neurotrophic factors, and circadian rhythms. Because all theories of depression apply to only some types of depressed patients but not others, and because depressive pathophysiology may vary considerably across the course of illness, the current extant knowledge argues against a unified hypothesis of depression. As a consequence, antidepressant treatments, including psychological and biological approaches, should be tailored for individual patients and disease states. Individual depression hypotheses based on neurobiological knowledge are discussed in terms of their interest to both clinicians in daily practice and clinical researchers developing novel therapies. ER  - 
Electroconvulsive therapy-induced persistent retrograde amnesia: Could it be minimised by ketamine or other pharmacological approaches?; Background: Certain pharmacological agents administered during electroconvulsive therapy may have the potential to prevent persistent retrograde amnesia induced during electroconvulsive therapy. This review examines mechanisms for electroconvulsive therapy-induced retrograde amnesia, and evaluates the suitability of the anaesthetic ketamine for preventing this amnestic outcome. Methods: A review of human studies, animal models and theoretical models in light of memory dysfunction following electroconvulsive therapy was conducted. MEDLINE was searched from 1950 to April 2009 using the MeSH terms "electroconvulsive therapy", "memory", "memory short term", "memory disorders", "excitatory amino acid antagonists", and "ketamine". PREMEDLINE was searched using the terms "electroconvulsive therapy", "amnesia" and "ketamine". Additional keyword and reference list searches were performed. No language, date constraints or article type constraints were used. Results: Disruption of long term potentiation as a mechanism for electroconvulsive therapy-induced retrograde amnesia is well supported. Based on this putative mechanism, an N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor antagonist would appear suitable for preventing the retrograde amnesia. Available evidence in animals and humans supports the prediction that ketamine, an anaesthetic agent and N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor antagonist, could effectively prevent electroconvulsive therapy-induced persistent retrograde amnesia. Whilst there are concerns about the use of ketamine with electroconvulsive therapy, such as possible psychotomimetic effects, on balance this anaesthetic agent may improve or hasten clinical response to electroconvulsive therapy. Conclusions: A clinical trial is warranted to determine if ketamine anaesthesia during electroconvulsive therapy can lessen persistent retrograde amnesia and improve therapeutic response. Electroconvulsive therapy with ketamine anaesthesia may provide effective antidepressant action with minimal side effects. © 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Selective deficits in erythrocyte docosahexaenoic acid composition in adult patients with bipolar disorder and major depressive disorder; Background: Epidemiological and controlled intervention trials suggest that omega-3 (n-3) fatty acid deficiency represents a reversible risk factor for recurrent affective disorders. However, there is limited comparative information available regarding the n-3 fatty acid status and associated mood symptoms in medication-free patients with major depressive disorder (MDD) and bipolar disorder (BD). Methods: The fatty acid composition of erythrocyte membranes from adult male and female healthy controls (n = 20) and medication-free patients with MDD (n = 20) and BD (n = 20) was determined by gas chromatography. Associations with depression and mania symptom severity scores were investigated. Results: After correction for multiple comparisons, both MDD (- 20%) and BD (- 32%) patients exhibited significantly lower erythrocyte docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6n-3) composition relative to healthy controls, and there was a trend for lower DHA in BD patients relative to MDD patients (- 15%, p = 0.09). There were no gender differences for DHA in any group. Other n-3 fatty acids, including eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, 20:5n-3) and docosapentanoic acid (22:5n-3), and n-6 fatty acids, including arachidonic acid (AA, 20:4n-6), were not different. Erythrocyte DHA composition was inversely correlated with indices of delta-9 desaturase activity (18:1/18:0), and associated elevations in oleic acid (18:1n-9) composition, and delta-6 desaturase activity (20:3/18:2). DHA composition was not significantly correlated with depression or mania symptom severity scores. Limitations: Data regarding diet and life style factors (cigarette smoking) were not available to evaluate their contribution to the present findings. Conclusions: Male and female patients with MDD and BD exhibit selective erythrocyte DHA deficits relative to healthy controls, and this deficit was numerically greater in BD patients. Selective DHA deficits are consistent with impaired peroxisome function, which has implications for n-3 fatty acid interventions aimed at preventing or reversing this deficit. © 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Eicosapentaenoic acid as an add-on to antidepressant medication for co-morbid major depression in patients with diabetes mellitus: A randomized, double-blind placebo-controlled study; Background: Depression is common in individuals with diabetes. The present study is the first randomized controlled trial to test the efficacy of ω-3 ethyl-eicosapentaenoic acid (E-EPA) as adjuvant to antidepressant medication in the treatment of depression in adults with diabetes mellitus. Methods: In the VU University Medical Center, we conducted a 12-week, placebo-controlled, double-blind, parallel-group intervention study of E-EPA (1 g/day) versus placebo in 25 diabetes patients meeting DSM-IV criteria for major depressive disorder, who were already using antidepressant medication. The primary outcome was severity of depressive symptoms, assessed by the Montgomery Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) at baseline and 12-week follow-up at two-weekly intervals. Blood samples were collected at baseline and at 12-week follow-up to determine EPA levels in erythrocyte membranes. Data were analyzed with ANOVA for repeated measures. Results: Thirteen participants were randomly assigned to E-EPA; 12 participants were given placebo. At 12-week follow-up, erythrocyte membranes from patients receiving E-EPA contained tripled levels of EPA, while no changes were noted in participants receiving placebo. In both groups, depressive symptoms significantly decreased over time (F = 21.14, p < 0.001), yet no significant differences were found between those treated with E-EPA versus placebo (F = 1.63, p = 0.17). Limitations: Although having sufficient study power, this study had a relatively small sample size. Small effects could not be detected, and dose-dependent effects could not be studied. Conclusions: No evidence was found for the efficacy of adding E-EPA to antidepressants in reducing depressive symptoms in diabetic patients with co-morbid depression. © 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Docosahexaenoic acid suppresses neuroinflammatory responses and induces heme oxygenase-1 expression in BV-2 microglia: Implications of antidepressant effects for omega-3 fatty acids; Accumulating evidence suggests that the pathophysiology of depression might be associated with neuroinflammation, which could be attenuated by pharmacological treatment for depression. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are anti-inflammatory and exert antidepressant effects. The aim of this study was to identify the molecular mechanisms through which docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), the main omega-3 PUFA in the brain, modulates oxidative reactions and inflammatory cytokine production in microglial and neuronal cells. The results of this study showed that DHA reduced expressions of tumor necrosis factor-α, interleukin-6, nitric oxide synthase, and cyclo-oxygenase-2, induced by interferon-γ, and induced upregulation of heme oxygenase-1 (HO-1) in BV-2 microglia. The inhibitory effect of DHA on nitric oxide production was abolished by HO-1 inhibitor zinc protoporphyrin IX. In addition, DHA caused AKT and ERK activation in a time-dependent manner, and the DHA-induced HO-1 upregulation could be attenuated by PI-3 kinase/AKT and MEK/ERK inhibitors. DHA also increased IKKα/Β phosphorylation, IBα phosphorylation, and IBα degradation, whereas both nuclear factor-B and IB protease inhibitors could inhibit DHA-induced HO-1 expressions. The other major n-3 PUFA, eicosapentaenoic acid, showed similar effects of DHA on inflammation and HO-1 in repeated key experiments. In connecting with inflammation hypothesis of depression and clinical studies supporting the antidepressant effects of omega-3 PUFAs, this study provides a novel implication of the antidepressant mechanisms of DHA. © 2010 Nature Publishing Group All rights reserved. ER  - 
Effect of omega-3 fatty acids on heart rate variability in depressed patients With Coronary Heart Disease; Objective: To determine whether omega-3 fatty acid (FA) increases the natural log of very low frequency (lnVLF) power, an index of heart rate variability (HRV), and reduces 24-hour heart rate (HR) in depressed patients with coronary heart disease (CHD). Low intake of omega-3 FAs is associated with depression and with low HRV, and all three are associated with an increased risk of death in patients with CHD. Methods: Thirty-six depressed patients with CHD randomized to receive 50 mg of sertraline and 2 g of omega-3/day, and 36 randomized to sertraline and a placebo, had 24-hour HRV measured at baseline and after 10 weeks of treatment. Results: There was a significant treatment × time interaction for covariate adjusted lnVLF (p = .009), for mean 24-hour HR (p = .03), and for 1-minute resting HR (p = .02). The interaction was not significant for three other measures of HRV. LnVLF did not change over time in the omega-3 arm but decreased in the placebo arm (p = .002), suggesting that omega-3 may have prevented or slowed deterioration in cardiac autonomic function. Conclusions: The effects of omega-3 FAs on lnVLF and HR, although modest, were detected after only 10 weeks of treatment with 2 g per day of omega-3. Whether a longer course of treatment or a higher dose of omega-3 would further decrease HR, improve other indices of HRV, or reduce mortality in depressed CHD patients should be investigated. © 2010 by the American Psychosomatic Society. ER  - 
Glycine receptors as therapeutic targets; Glycine receptor chloride channels (GlyRs) mediate inhibitory neurotransmission in the spinal cord, brain stem and retina. These receptors have recently emerged as potential therapeutic targets for inflammatory pain, temporal lobe epilepsy, tinnitus and spasticity. We are interested in understanding how drugs bind to these receptors and in identifying novel GlyR-active compounds as leads for therapeutic development and pharmacological tools for basic research. This presentation will focus initially on our attempts to identify novel lead compounds as anti-inflammatory analgesics. It will then focus on understanding the mechanism by which the anthelminthic, ivermectin, binds to and activates GlyRs and structurally-related nematode glutamate-gated chloride channel receptors. We describe how a glycine residue in transmembrane domain 3 is essential for high ivermectin sensitivity both receptors. We also show that ivermectin sensitivity can be conferred on an ivermectin-resistant receptor by introducing a glycine at this position. Furthermore, we show that comparison of amino acid sequences of ivermectin-sensitive and ivermectin-resistant receptors reveals that the presence of a glycine reliably predicts ivermectin sensitivity. This information provides insights into ivermectin binding mechanisms and should facilitate the identification of novel anthelminthic targets and ivermectin-resistance mechanisms. Finally, we describe the development of a minimally mutated human homomeric GlyR activated by nanomolar ivermectin but insensitive to glycine. We speculate this construct may be useful as a tool for silencing electrical activity in defined neuronal populations in vivo, and thus may useful clinically for treating neurological disorders including Parkinson's disease, epilepsy and depression. ER  - 
Thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura after thrombolysis of middle cerebral artery occlusion; Background: Thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura (TTP) is a rare life-threatening disease. The diagnosis must be evoked in a stroke patient which presents microangiopathic haemolytic anemia (MAHA) with thrombopenia. Aetiology is usually auto-immune. In reaction to an antigenic factors, the patient synthesis ADAMTS 13 antibody. The results are inhibition of the Willebrand factor multimers, platelet aggregation, micro-vessels occlusion and acute haemolytic anaemia. The herein observation describe for the first time the association of stroke, thrombolysis and TTP. Observation: A thirty year old female suddenly presented left side hemiplegia and inhalation. She had past medical history of depression, sinusitis, appendicectomia and allergic to antibiotics. MRI showed hyper intense sylvian rolandic territory signal on DIFFUSION and proximal M1 occlusion in TOF and FLAIR. Her neurological NIHSS was 14. She was administered rtpa 1 h28 after the onset and continuous trans-cranial doppler monitoring. Neurological restoration started 1 h after the beginning of the procedure. Five days after she had thrombopenia and developed MAHA . She was treated with plasma exchange and recovered rapidly. Immunological findings were positive for ADAMTS 13 antibody and dramatic decrease of the ADAMTS 13 protease activity. Discussion: TTP can be a rare cause of small vessels stroke. It has also been described as responsible of large vessels stroke. In this observation we discuss the fact that endothelial lesion induced by MCA occlusion could be responsible in combination with bacteriemia and thrombolysis of platelet activation leading to TTP. Conclusion: Auto-immuneTTP should be recognized as a possible pathophysiologic mechanism for unexplained post-thrombolysis thrombocytopenia and plasma exchange therapy initiated once the diagnosis is established. ER  - 
Mast cell leukemia resulting in fulminant anaphylaxis, refractory shock, multiorgan failure, and death; INTRODUCTION: Systemic mastocytosis is the infiltration of the spleen, liver, bone marrow, and other organs with neoplastic mast cells. It rarely eventuates in mast cell leukemia. There is little data concerning acute organ failure due to mast cell leukemia. We describe a patient with untreated mast cell leukemia, who presents de novo with anaphylactoid reactions, rapidly progressing multiorgan failure and shock to which he succumbed within 24 hours. CASE PRESENTATION: A 25 year-old man with one year history of intermittent headache and multiple ER visits for weakness, vomiting, diarrhea and a syncopal episodes was found to have massive hepato-splenomegaly and eosinophilia. On presentation, his temperature was 102.0F with stable hemodynamics. He was not in distress, Cardiopulmonary and neurologic examination were unremarkable. Abdomen was benign with marked hepato-splenomegaly. Initial laboratory studies: WBC 13,500 cells/μL with 72% neutrophils, 5% bands, 5% lymphocytes, 11.7% eosinophils; hemoglobin was 8.5 g/dL; MCV 86.3, platelet count 110,000/μL. Venous lactate was 0.9 mmol/L. Ferritin was 391 ng/ml. Reticulocyte count, LDH, TSH, ANA and RF were normal. Chest x-ray showed no abnormalities. Patient was persistently febrile and hemodynamically stable during the first two days of hospitalization. On the day of admission he received an influenza vaccine and Dalteparin subcutaneously for DVT prophylaxis and one dose of Acetaminophen with Codeine. Blood cultures were negative. No imaging requiring contrast agents was performed. On the evening of his second hospital day he acutely developed respiratory distress, hypotension and tachycardia 130/min with skin flushing. He was intubated and transferred to the MICU. Repeat CBC showed hemoglobin 5.9g/dl, and white blood cell count 42,000/mcl with 30% degranulating mast cells. The drop in Hgb was related to fluid resuscitation. Despite PT>40 and PTT >100 seconds, there was no evidence of bleeding or hemolysis. A bedside echocardiogram showed severely depressed left ventricle. He received adequate fluid resuscitation, hydrocortisone, broad-spectrum antibiotics, dobutamine norepinephrine, epinephrine and vasopressin infusion. Within 5 hours of admission to the MICU he developed refractory shock, asystole and expired. At autopsy the bone marrow, spleen and liver were diffusely infiltrated by sheets of hypogranular, atypical, CD117+ mast cells with large or double nuclei, open chromatin, and irregular nuclear membranes. These filled the pulmonary and coronary vessels and infiltrated cardiac and pulmonary parenchyma. DISCUSSIONS: The clinical presentation of MCL is variable and non-specific. Patients may initially complain of mediator-related symptoms such as flushing, diarrhea and episodic hypotension. Severe bleeding often develops secondary to bone marrow infiltration, liver failure and DIC. No effective treatment is available for these patients. Treatment options include multiagent chemotherapy and stem cell transplantation. This patient developed a rapidly progressive course of shock with multisystem organ failure. Though his course prior to admission was protracted with symptoms of diarrhea, flushing and syncope. The course during the last 12 hours was very similar to the course of an overwhelming anaphylactic shock. The shock physiology in this patient is multi-factorial. In addition to histamine-related vasodilatation and severe myocardial depression, pulmonary leukostasis-associated right ventricular failure is an additional contributing factor. Because of the nature and the size of the mast cell in MCL, pulmonary leukostasis occurred in this case at a lower white count than ususaly seen in chronic myelogenous leukemia. Severe myocardial depression (EF: 10%) reflects cardiac anaphylaxis and ischemia. The high MC burden and their antecedent degranulation could explain why the anaphylactic shock was unresponsive to therapy. CONCLUSION: Patient with systemic mastocystosis and mast cell leukemia may manifest acute diffuse mast cells degranulation resulting in histamine release and leading to a severe anaphylactoid reaction, multiorgan failure, refractory shock and death. ER  - 
Derangements in energy, amino-acid and gut microbial metabolism in hepatic encephalopathy: A metabolomic approach; Hepatic encephalopathy(HE) pathogenesis is related to gut microbial products which lead to deranged cerebral bioenergetics. Biofluid MR spectroscopy (MRS) can be used to determine changes in bioenergetics, gut microbial products, amino acid and lipid metabolites.Lactulose is used as a first-line HE Rx despite a poor evidence basis. Aim: To evaluate the clinical and metabolic consequences of lactulose withdrawal in HE. Methods: Cirrhotics on lactulose underwent cognitive testing (inhibitory control(ICT),block design(BD),digit symbol &number connection tests A/B),urine & serum tests for MRS &inflammatory markers while on lactulose. Lactulose was then withdrawn &pts followed for 30 days with visits at day 2,14 &30 during which all tests were repeated.HE relapse was defined clinically. Multivariate analysis of urine &serum metabolites involved principal components & partial least squares discriminant analysis (PLS-DA). Univariate analysis was applied to hypothesis-driven metabolites, multivariate-driven metabolites and inflammatory marker concentrations. Results: 7 cirrhotic men(age 53yrs,5 HCV,2 alcohol) on lactulose for 6±5 mths for precipitated HE(5 GI bleed,2 infections) were included.3 patients clinically relapsed 38±6 days post-withdrawal; all 3 had >15 ICT lures while on lactulose. None of those who scored <15 ICT lures on lactulose relapsed. ICT Lure increase OR, 2.5(CI:1.7-3.6) & BD,OR 0.5(CI:0.3-0.8) were the only cognitive tests that predicted relapse. Using ICT lures >15 as a cut-off for relapse, MRS distinguished with a sensitivity &specificity of 70.0%/63.6% using urine & 100%/100% using serum on PLSDA. Urine PLS-DA: In relapsers, urine TMAO was reduced indicating altered gut bacterial metabolism while malonic acid & citrate were higher demonstrating impaired energetics. Glycine & phenylalanine, associated with false neuro-transmitters, were also increased along with creatinine. Serum PLS-DA: Relapsers had higher choline & its metabolite, dimethylglycine levels. This is associated with choline extrusion due to astrocyte swelling. Lipids(LDL) were also higher. Univariate analysis confirmed that relapsers had lower TMAO(p=0.003) & higher choline (p=0.04),LDL(0.0265)& creatinine(p=0.001). Inflammation was depressed in relapsers compared to others evidenced by decreased endotoxin(p=0.03),IFN-γ(p=0.04),IL-4(0.0002)& TNF-α(p=0.001) suggesting a compensatory anti-inflammatory response syndrome. Conclusions: HE relapse post-lactulose withdrawal is associated with derangements in bioenergetics, amino-acid, lipid & gut microbial metabolism as well as depression of the inflammatory response. ER  - 
Anxiety and depression in incurable ill patients. Are there treatment options?; Somatopsychic disorders at first anxiety and depression are very frequent in chronically and incurable ill patients. Several factors (genetic vulnerability, history of advanced psychiatric diseases, personality, several forms of somatic treatment) are involved in the etiology. The possibility of adverse events of prescribed medications like chemotherapeutics, antibiotics and steroids must be considered. Psychopharmacological, psychotherapeutic and social treatment methods are possible interventions. Regarding to pharmacotherapy, antidepressants with co-analgetic potency (i.e. SSNRI) are prefered, side effects and possible interactions with other drugs must be observed, however. Psychotherapeutic interventions include cognitivebehavioral techniques as well as coping strategies. Close contact to the next relatives is essential, professional help should be offered possibly. Controlled studies are missing in this field so far and are needed urgently. ER  - 
Fish and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid intake and depressive symptoms: Ryukyus child health study; BACKGROUND: Epidemiologic evidence on the role of fish and long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid intake on depression during adolescence is sparse. OBJECTIVE: We examined the association between fish, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) intake and depressive symptoms in a group of adolescents. SUBJECTS AND METHOD: This cross-sectional study, conducted in all public junior high schools in Naha City and Nago City, Okinawa, Japan, included 3067 boys and 3450 girls aged 12 to 15 years (52.3% of the eligible sample). Dietary intake was assessed by using a validated, self-administered diet-history questionnaire. Depressive symptoms were defined as present when participants had a Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression scale score of ≥16. RESULTS: The prevalence of depressive symptoms was 22.5% for boys and 31.2% for girls. For boys, fish intake was inversely associated with depressive symptoms (adjusted odds ratio [OR] for depressive symptoms in the highest [compared with the lowest] quintile of intake: 0.73 [95% confidence interval (CI): 0.55-0.97]; P for trend = .04). EPA intake showed an inverse association with depressive symptoms (OR: 0.71 [95% CI: 0.54-0.94]; P = .04). DHA intake also showed a similar inverse, albeit nonsignificant, association (OR: 0.79 [95% CI: 0.59-1.05]; P = .11). In addition, intake of EPA plus DHA was inversely associated with depressive symptoms (OR: 0.72 [95% CI: 0.55-0.96]; P = .08). Conversely, no such associations were observed among girls. CONCLUSIONS: Higher intake of fish, EPA, and DHA was independently associated with a lower prevalence of depressive symptoms in early male, but not female, adolescents. Copyright © 2010 by the American Academy of Pediatrics. ER  - 
An evidence-based approach to therapy in IBS-D: A case study compendium; A burden on both patients and the healthcare system, irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) is a prevalent condition that can result in high medical costs, frequent visits to the doctor, missed work, and anxiety and depression in the patient. This chronic disorder causes abdominal pain or discomfort and is characterized by abnormal defecation that presents mainly as either constipation or diarrhea symptoms. IBS associated with diarrhea (IBS-D) accounts for approximately one third of all IBS patients. IBS-D treatment can be confusing and frustrating for both the patient and the physician, complicated by the fact that a specific therapeutic algorithm has not been developed. Treatment options are widely varied, consisting of both nonpharmacologic (dietary changes) and pharmacologic (loperamide and alosetron) interventions. Furthermore, mounting evidence suggests a possible role for small intestinal bacterial overgrowth in the pathogenesis of IBS-D; thus, both antibiotics (such as rifaximin) and probiotics are frequently used to treat patients. Although all of these interventions elicit some measure of symptom response in a proportion of treated patients, there is no standard of care for the treatment of IBS-D. Thus, physicians would benefit from knowledge of all of the strategies used to treat IBS-D, in order to treat patients appropriately. ER  - 
Zinc and fatty acids in depression; Polyunsaturated Fatty acids (PUFAs) seem to be helpful in the therapy of depression. Zinc (Zn) may be one co-factor contributing to their antidepressive effect. Zn acts lipid protective and is A constituent of fatty acid metabolism enzymes. In animals, an antidepressive effect of Zn was already demonstrated. Therefore, if and how Zn and PUFAs correlate in depressive patients or in individuals from the general population was investigated. Blood samples were collected from 88 depressive in-patients and 88 volunteers from the general population matched for age-group and gender (each 32 men and 56 women, 2170 years) for measurement of Zn (colorimetric) and of 12 fatty acids (FAs) (by capillary gas-chromatography). Severity of depression in patients was assessed by Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) and Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS). Zn concentration was independent of age, gender and body-mass-index and significantly correlated with the severity of depression measured by BDI (r = 0.26; P = 0.034) in depressive patients,. HDRS was inversely correlated with gammalinolenic acid concentration (r =-0.24; P = 0.029). Median serum Zn concentration in depressive patients did not differ from control individuals. Zn was correlated with myristic acid concentration (r = 0.22; P < 0.05) in controls from the general population; and A negative correlation between Zn and dihomogammalinolenic acid concentration (r =-0.26; P < 0.05) was found in depressive inpatients. FA composition in serum significantly differed between depressive and healthy persons: Depressive patients had higher stearic and arachidonic acid (AA) concentration. Relative to AA, their eicosapentaenoic and docosapentae-noic acid concentration were diminished compared to the general populations group. These results do not confirm the hypothesis of A general lack of Zn in depressive disorders, but Zn concentrations differed dependent on comorbid disorders and severity of depression. In depressive patients and control persons Zn concentration is associated with different FAs indicating diverging metabolic pathways. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2010. ER  - 
Chronic variable stress induces oxidative stress and decreases butyrylcholinesterase activity in blood of rats; Depressive disorders, including major depression, are serious and disabling, whose mechanisms are not clearly understood. Since life stressors contribute in some fashion to depression, chronic variable stress (CVS) has been used as an animal model of depression. In the present study we evaluated some parameters of oxidative stress [thiobarbituric acid reactive substances (TBARS), catalase (CAT), superoxide dismutase (SOD) and glutathione peroxidase (GPx)], and inflammatory markers (interleukin 6, C reactive protein, tumor necrosis factor-alpha and nitrites), as well as the activity of butyrylcholinesterase in blood of rats subjected to chronic stress. Homocysteine and folate levels also were measured. Stressed animals were submitted to different mild stressors for 40 days. After CVS, a reduction in weight gain was observed in the stressed group, as well as an increase in immobility time in the forced swimming test as compared with controls. Stressed animals presented a significant increase on TBARS and SOD/CAT ratio, but stress did not alter GPx activity and any inflammatory parameters studied. CVS caused a significant inhibition on serum butyrylcholinesterase activity. Stressed rats had higher plasmatic levels of homocysteine without differences in folate levels. Although it is difficult to extrapolate our findings to the human condition, the alterations observed in this work may be useful to help to understand, at least in part, the pathophysiology of depressive disorders. © 2010 Springer-Verlag. ER  - 
The PROTECT project: An innovative public-private partnership for new methodologies in pharmacovigilance and pharmacoepidemiology; Background: Pharmacovigilance is in constant evolution. In Europe, the United-States and elsewhere, new regulations are being introduced to reinforce patient safety and risk management through earlier detection, evaluation and prevention of drug-related risks. These initiatives should be supported by methods ensuring the highest scientific standards. The Pharmacoepidemiological Research on Outcomes of Therapeutics by an European ConsorTium (PROTECT) project, with 17 public and 12 private partners, started in September 2009 to address limitations of current methods used in pharmacovigilance (PV) and pharmacoepidemiology (PE) and to significantly strengthen the benefit-risk monitoring of medicines. Objective: To explain the methods being developed and tested for data collection, signal detection, signal evaluation through PE studies and benefit-risk integration and representation. One-year results are presented. Methods and First Results: Feasibility and acceptability of early data collection on medication, lifestyle and risk factors directly from consumers via the internet and interactive voice response system are studied in 5600 pregnant women from 4 countries. Data linkage to other sources will be performed where possible. A comprehensive set of signal detection (SD) recommendations applicable to different databases are developed based on extensive retrospective and prospective testing of existing and new methods for SD, creation of a structured database of known adverse drug reactions, and testing SD in electronic health records and clinical trials. In order to explain discrepancies between PE studies of adverse drug events (AE), a framework for PE will characterise EU databases, test and compare analytical methods to control confounding and study 5 AEs in several databases to identify and further explore sources of variability (i.e. hip fracture and antidepressants, acute liver injury and antibiotics, myocardial infarction and antipsychotics, hormone replacement therapy and antiasthmatic drugs, suicide/depression and antiepileptics and cancer and calcium channel blockers). Best use of drug utilisation data in PE studies will be explored. Methods of collating and integrating benefits and risks from various data sources and novel modelling approaches are tested to allow continuous modelling of the benefit-risk along the lifecycle of products and its graphical representation for use by patients, healthcare prescribers, regulatory agencies, and drug manufacturers. Dissemination of methodologies will be enhanced by training and educational activities. Conclusions: This comprehensive research programme in PV and PE is carried out thanks to the participation of academia, regulators, drug industry and other actors such as WHO-UMC and patients' organisations. It will contribute to the development of methodological standards in risk management. Collaborations with other research groups are welcomed. ER  - 
Spontaneous reports as a source for risk assessment of long term drug use in children; Background: There is an urgent need for data on safety of drugs used in children. Especially knowledge on risks during long term use of drugs is sparse. Objectives: Explore whether the WHO-UMC spontaneous reporting database is a valid tool to study adverse drug reactions (ADRs) in children being long term exposed to drugs. Methods: From all spontaneous paediatric ADR reports received by the WHO-UMC until 2006 we selected ADRs occurring after long term use (≥6 months). We focused on drugs known to be chronically used in children like antidiabetics, immunosuppresives and anti-epileptics. Results: In 553 811 of the 812 415 ADR records (68%) information on duration of use of drugs was available; 15 668 records (3%) concerned use ≥ 6 months. In this group of records on long termusemost frequently reported drugs were isotretinoin (10%), atomoxetine (6%), and paroxetine (4%). Most reported drug-ADR combinations were depression (0.9%) and suicide attempt (0.5%) in isotretinoin and menstrual disorders in levonorgestrel users (0.4%). 37% (n = 284) of the reports received for antidiabetics concerned long term use. Most frequent long term ADRs were hyperglycaemia (9%), hypoglycaemia (9%) and ketosis (6%). Long term use was present in 9% (n = 324) of the ADRs concerning immunosuppresives; methotrexate (30%) and etanercept (26%) were most frequently implicated. Most frequent combinations were malignant lymphoma in azathioprine (2%) or tacrolimus (2%), and thrombocytopenia in eternacept (2%). 15% (n = 1226) of the ADRs related to antiepileptics concerned long term use. Valproic acid was most frequently reported (37%). Most frequent reported combinations were visual field defects in vigabatrin users (3%) and pancreatitis in valproic acid (2%). Conclusions: Information on duration is lacking in 32% of all reported ADRs, 3% of the available records concerned long term use. ER  - 
Paediatric vascular malformations; Classification Historically, all vascular lesions were referred to as hemangiomas. However, it became recognized that some lesions will proliferate and subsequently involute while others remain the same size or increase throughout life. This led to a major paradigm shift in vascular anomaly classification, diagnosis and treatment. In 1990, Mulliken and Glowacki reclassified infantile vascular anomalies into two distinct groups based upon their growth and proliferation patterns vascular malformations and hemangiomas. For the purposes of this presentation, I am going to focus on vascular malformations in the pediatric population, techniques of therapy and special considerations when dealing with the pediatric population. Vascular malformations are labeled according to the vessel type including venous malformations, lymphatic malformations, capillary malformations, and arteriovenous malformations and mixed types (lymphatico-venous malformations). Vascular malformations may also be divided into low flow and high flow lesions. Low flow lesions include most of vascular malformations including capillary (port wine), venous malformations, lymphatic malformations and combined lesions. High flow lesions include arteriovenous malformations (AVMs) and arteriovenous fistula (AVFs). Lymphatic Malformations The term lymphatic malformation has been used to describe all congenital malformations of the lymphatic system. The etiology of this malformation remains unknown although it is speculated that they represent localized areas of lymphatic fluid stasis due to congenital lymphatic channel blockage. For treatment purposes, lymphatic malformations may also be subdivided into macrocystic and microcystic. By definition, macrocysts are greater than 1 cm and microcystic <1 cm. They occur most often in the cervicofascial region and may be diagnosed on a pre-natal US scan. Lesion enlargement can occur due to a combination of factors including hemorrhage, infection and secondary response to upper respiratory tract and ear infections. Extensive cervicofascial lesions will also secondarily involve the supraglottic larynx or regions of the pharynx causing airway compression and may lead to tracheotomy dependency. Percutaneous sclerotherapy has proven to be an effective treatment with success rates ranging between 92 and 100% for macrocystic and 20 - 64 % for microcystic lesions. Microcystic lesions tend to require more sessions than the macrocystic due to the presence of numerous small cysts. Different sclerotherapy agents have been used effectively for the treatment of lymphatic malformations including: doxycycline, ethibloc, absolute alcohol, sodium tetradecyl foam, bleomycin and OK 432 (2-9). The most common sclerotherapy agents to be used currently in the USA are doxycycline in a concentration of 10 mg/ml, OK432 and sodium tetradecyl foam. In microcystic lesions, the sclerotherapy agent is retained in the lesion. In macrocystic lesions, catheters can be placed to drain the cysts and single or multiple treatment instillations can be performed. The catheters are retained in the lesion until they cease to drain lymphatic fluid. When large cervico-facial lesions are adjacent to or compressing the airway, treatment should be performed with airway intubation and the patient should remain intubated and monitored in an ICU setting until the treatment regimen ends. In our institution, for large cervico-facial lesions, we use Doxycycline via catheter instillation and three consecutive treatments are performed at a 24 hour interval. The doxycycline is removed after 6 hours. The children are intubated and monitored in the ICU setting for the duration of the treatment (3-4 days). The maximum dose per instillation in neonates is generally 150 mg with the maximum dose in older children being 1 g. In our experience, we have found that neonates receiving >200 mg have been more likely to experience side effects such as hypoglycemia, metabolic acidosis and hemolytic anemia. Pre-extubation MR imaging is performed to evaluate the residual extent of the lesion, inflammation and airway status. Due to the high incidence of spontaneous infection together with an increased risk upon accessing the lesion, prophylactic antibiotics have been recommended immediately before sclerotherapy of lymphatic malformations [1-3]. Venous Malformations Venous malformations are dilated venous channels of varying size and thickness. They are composed of normal venous endothelial cells. They usually lack smooth muscle. They often occur near muscles such as at the tongue base. They are usually triggered by hormonal triggers as they contain progesterone receptors. They are slow flow vascular malformations which in many cases may remain asymptomatic. Treatment Low-flow venous malformations are treated percutaneously with a variety of sclerotherapy agents such as ethanol, sodium tetradecyl sulphate foam, ethibloc and polidocanol and endovenous laser therapy (9-17). Sclerotherapy is performed with a combination of US and fluoroscopic guidance. Ultrasound provides good visualization of the lesion during needle access and fluoroscopy is used to monitor the sclerosant injection in order to decrease the risk of extravasation or undesired egress into normal veins. Sclerotherapy of lesions in the cervico-facial region should be performed with general anesthesia for airway protection. In addition, the injection of the sclerosant is painful and post procedure edema may compromise the airway. The access needle is inserted into the malformation under US guidance and once blood return is obtained, contrast media is injected and a venogram is obtained to delineate the extent of the malformation, the draining veins, and any connection to the normal venous system. Outflow veins can be manually compressed during sclerosant injection or if large can be occluded with agents such as coils, glue or laser ablation using an endovascular approach. In our institution, the sclerotherapy agent of choice is sodium tetradecyl foam, the foam being created by adding a combination of oily contrast medium (ethiodol) and air. The foam consistency creates increased surface tension enabling greater contact with the vessel wall for a longer period than more liquid agents. Maintaining compression of the outflow veins, an equal volume of sclerosant is injected and usually retained. Compression if used is released slowly while the cardiopulmonary status of the patient is monitored. In general, on completion of the procedure edema will be present. The swelling will maximize over 1-2 days. Swelling and induration of the skin have been shown to predict both therapeutic effect and prolonged recovery in low flow vascular malformations [1]. The recommended ethanol dosing is 1 mg/ml to a maximum of 50 ml which in children should be conservatively limited to 0.5 mg/ kg if possible. Serum ethanol levels in children have been recorded post sclerotherapy to levels significant for the risk of respiratory depression, cardiac arrhythmias, seizures, rhabdomyolysis, and hypoglycemia (18). In addition, coagulation disorders have also been described with the use of ethanol for sclerotherapy (19). Arteriovenous Malformations These high flow vascular malformations can occur anywhere in the head and neck region and rarely affect the upper airway. While they may occur in the trachea, bronchi or larynx, they most commonly occur in the lung parenchyma. Pulmonary arteriovenous malformations are commonly associated with hereditary hemorrhagic telangietasia and may be a source of hemoptysis. Diagnosis is performed through diagnostic angiography and treatments can be performed by embolization at the time of angiography. They can be followed by contrast enhanced computerized tomography of the chest. Embolization can also precede surgical excision as a means for minimizing bleeding. In rare circumstances, surgical resection may be considered after preoperative embolization. Treatment Arterial malformations are the most problematic and symptomatic of the vascular malformation group. Because of their size and location, most arterial malformations are inoperable or require extensive, potentially disfiguring resection or even amputation. Transcatheter and percutaneous nidal embolization is now often the first therapeutic option and is an effective approach that can be used as a palliative procedure or as an adjunct to a surgical resection. Transcatheter embolization In the treatment of an AVM, the main goal of arterial embolization is to obtain complete eradication of the nidus. The nidus is the causative factor that leads to high-flow shunting between the arterial and the venous systems. Surgical ligation or embolization of the supplying artery or arteries alone can achieve only temporary control. The interruption of the proximal supplying vessels inevitably results in the development of collateral arterial supply. Arteriovenous malformations can be embolized either by direct percutaneous puncture into the nidus or by using an endovascular approach or a combination of both. Several agents have been used including absolute alcohol, onyx and adhesive glue. These are the most penetrating agents if the lesion is to be embolized for potential “cure” alcohol being the most efficacious. Adjunctive therapies such as inflow arterial/outflow vein balloon occlusion and outflow vein embolization can be performed in addition to reduce flow. If the embolization is pre-operative, additional agents such as coils and polyvinyl alcohol particles are used to reduce lesional blood flow (20-24). ER  - 
Requirements and strategies for hydration therapies in cf patients; Experimental studies using in vitro and animal models have shed light on the defect in innate host defense that clearly exists in the CF lung. A number of these studies support the hypothesis that abnormal epithelial ion transport leads to dehydration of airway surface liquid (ASL). This, in turn, is expected to impair the critically important mucus clearance defense mechanism. Data generated from human studies of mucociliary clearance (MCC) are important for the validation of the “dehydration/mucus clearance” hypothesis. Further, careful examination of these data is expected to refine our understanding of how CF lung disease progresses, and how we might effectively target defective mucus clearance therapeutically. The first question needing to be addressed is whether MCC is indeed abnormal in the intact, human system. A number of investigators have utilized the γ-scintigraphy method, which follows the disappearance of inhaled radiolabeled particles from the lung over time, to address this question (1). The collected, large CF experience reported by Robinson et al., suggested that MCC was indeed slower in CF (2). Even subjects with fully normal lung function had significant slowing of MCC, and clearance appeared to worsen with disease progression. Our laboratory has also compared MCC measured in healthy and CF subjects (3,4). Interestingly, our consistent observation from many studies is that MCC parameters felt to reflect large airway clearance (e.g., whole lung clearance through 60 minutes) are generally normal in CF. In contrast, MCC parameters that likely reflect clearance from small airways (e.g. peripheral lung clearance; clearance rate measured over 24 hrs), are clearly abnormal in CF. Importantly, measured MCC defects in CF are likely significant underestimates of the real problem. This results from the fact that the radiolabeled particles used to characterize MCC preferentially deposit in the most preserved airways, and are excluded from the most diseased and obstructed airways. We are now developing analysis tools that allow characterization of altered particle deposition in CF, including the formation of particle deposition “hot spots” and “cold spots” in CF. More importantly, we are also advancing our ability to characterize the heterogeneity of clearance within the lung beyond the basic central/peripheral delineation that has typically been used. Indeed, it appears clear that MCC in the CF lung is quite heterogeneous. We interpret these data to reflect the idea that the CF lung is able to maintain normal mucus clearance under most circumstances, but is vulnerable to insults that compromise MCC. The patchy distribution of MCC defects also suggests that disease progression reflects the accumulation of newly affected lung regions. Acute pulmonary exacerbations are major drivers of disease progression in CF, yet our understanding of what actually causes an exacerbation is quite vague. We tested the hypothesis that exacerbations result from regional collapse of MCC, perhaps in response to viral infection or another trigger that alters ASL homeostasis. In this clinical study, adult CF subjects were studied twice while clinically well to firmly anchor baseline assessments and to define the repeatability of our outcome measures. Subjects were then followed clinically, including monthly phone calls, to detect the symptomatic onset of a disease exacerbation using the criteria validated by Rosenfeld et al. (5). This very sensitive exacerbation definition identified subjects (N=12) prior to a significant decline in their lung function (-1.8 ± 2.6%) and before any change in quantitative bacterial load was observed. Despite the mild severity of the clinical syndrome, an approximately 1/3rd reduction in MCC was observed at this time point. Interestingly, each of these subjects eventually became ill enough to warrant treatment with IV antibiotics (treatment decision made by treating physician). Follow-up studies following resolution of the exacerbation were then carried out to define the pattern of MCC recovery. Of note, many patients failed to achieve a durable period of clinical stability after initial antibiotic treatments and suffered one or more exacerbation recurrences. Patients received an average of 30.2 ± 9.1 IV antibiotic days for 2.1 ± 0.7 treatment episodes between their baseline and recovery studies. At recovery, however, the Rosenfeld pulmonary exacerbation score had returned to baseline, and FEV1 was slightly higher than originally recorded baseline values. Despite this clinical improvement, MCC rates measured 33.7 ± 10.7 days following completion of acute antibiotic interventions remained significantly below baseline, and were not different than those measured at the start of the pulmonary exacerbation. Given that these patients had experienced many prior exacerbations and had relatively normal measures of large airway clearance at baseline, the persistent depression of MCC one month following treatment likely reveals a slow rate of recovery, rather than establishment of a new, lower baseline. Analysis of sputum samples collected at each visit throughout the study demonstrated that while subjects had evidence of significant secretion dehydration at baseline (as indexed by % solids), a further worsening during exacerbation was not observed. Interestingly, theconcentration of gel forming mucins in secretions did significantly increase at the time of exacerbation onset, and had returned to baseline at recovery, suggesting that this could turn out to be a relevant biomarker for CF lung disease. Hypertonic saline (HS) has recently entered the CF treatment armamentarium, based upon data that it acutely stimulates MCC in a dose responsive fashion (6) and reduces exacerbation frequency (7). Of note, recent in vitro studies that realistically simulate HS delivery to a CF airway suggest that the duration of the resulting ASL volume increase is quite limited in duration. We have used MCC studies to further reveal the nature of HS effects in vivo, and specifically to understand if indeed the stimulation of MCC is short-lived. Our in vivo data demonstrate that the acute stimulation of MCC after the first dose of HS does not demonstrate tachyphylaxis, via comparison to the peak/initial MCC rate measured after >50 doses given over 2 weeks. Interestingly, only a fraction of subjects appear to be “HS responders,” however, and responsiveness (or lack thereof) appears to be reproducible in individual patients. In our prior study of HS, we also showed that a sustained effect of HS on MCC, after repetitive dosing, could be detected 8-12 hours after the most recent dose (4). Interestingly, acute responsiveness to HS was strongly correlated with the sustained response observed after repetitive dosing. Most recently we've begun to determine the pharmacodynamic effect of a single HS dose, via a collaborative study (Johns Hopkins University; Dr. Beth Laube). Once again, a mixture of responders and non-responders were observed in this study. Unexpectedly, theMCCresponse measured either 1 or 4 hours after HS dosing was similar in magnitude to that measured 15 minutes post-dosing. Understanding this variable, but seemingly prolonged response to HS in CF is an important goal as new therapies aimed at correcting ASL dehydration and restoringMCCare being developed. Despite improvements with HS therapy, it is certain that a great deal of established disease is not reversed, and new approaches are needed. First, this and other hydrator therapies need to be tested much earlier in the disease process, ideally before any fixed disease has developed. The ongoing ISIS-02 trial of HS in infants should be very instructive in this regard. Second, the development of therapeutics with complimentary effects on MCC could logically be used in conjunction with a hydrator to gain additional benefits. Inhaled surfactants, which may reduce the adhesive and cohesive forces that promote mucus stasis in established CF lung disease, are one such “add on” candidate. The development of biologically relevant and valid outcome measures that accurately predict clinical benefits in patients is critical to the process of testing therapeutic concepts developed in the laboratory.We believe that theMCC assay will continue to be a valuable tool that allows us to test, compare and select promising newtreatment approaches while furthering our understanding of CF lung disease. ER  - 
Unique challenges of cf management in adulthood: It's not kids' stuff; Poor adherence to medications has been linked to worse health outcomes for people with cystic fibrosis (CF), including an increased number of pulmonary exacerbations and baseline lung function (1), but data are scarce about the relationship between level of adherence to a CF treatment regimen and health outcomes for both children and adults. Adherence decreases as children transition to adolescence and may remain low through emerging adulthood (2). As more individuals with CF enter adulthood and as additional chronic therapies are added to the regimen, it is increasingly important to identify factors that impede and facilitate adherence unique to this segment of the CF population. While overall selfreported levels of adherence range from 83-92% for oral antibiotics to 65-80% for inhaled antibiotics and 72-90% for mucolytic agents, objective medication adherence estimates for adults using pharmacy refill history and electronic medication monitors, are low, ranging from 31-79% regardless of the type of drug (antibiotic, mucolytic, pancreatic enzyme) (1, 3-8). There are many factors associated with nonadherence; some are similar to those found in pediatric samples while others are unique to being an adult with CF. As in pediatrics, knowledge of CF and its regimen is poor among adults with CF. One study found that the median score for adults with CF tested on CF knowledge was 59% (9). Misunderstandings of the prescribed regimen can put a patient at risk for unintentional nonadherence, although it is unclear whether knowledge is associated with adherence, particularly among adults with CF (10, 11). Treatment burden is one of the most commonly identified treatment barriers in CF (12, 13). In addition to being prescribed more therapies than their pediatric counterparts, adults with CF regularly describe the perceived inconvenience of the regimen such as time burden (to set up, do treatment and clean up) and the cumbersome quality of the devices (e.g., nebulizer, the VEST), and how it impacts their adherence. Outcome expectancies about therapy play a significant role in adherence. When lacking confidence in the treatment's efficacy, many people will not adhere to it. For example, in one study, half the patients were rated as nonadherent to airway clearance, but 67% of them felt they “did enough” and rationalized that they were well enough or not as sick as others to warrant doing it more often (14). Similarly, from our own qualitative research (15), we found that if someone with CF did not perceive any short-term benefit from treatments, he or she reported it difficult to adhere. Conversely, if someone perceived a therapy as having a positive health effect (doing a treatment relieved symptoms or failing to do therapy resulted in increased symptoms), he or she reported better adherence to the chronic regimen. Other patient beliefs, such as self-efficacy and motivation also affect adherence. In a pediatric CF study, selfefficacy was found to be a strong predictor of self-management behaviors (16). While it has not been examined in adults with CF, self-efficacy has been found to be an important mediator of change for many illnesses including diabetes self management (17), CPAP adherence (18), and smoking cessation (19, 20). We have found that motivation to adhere to therapy and the perceived importance of doing the therapy daily are associated with objectively monitored medication adherence among adults with CF (unpublished data). More traditional psychosocial factors, such as depression and social support, also affect adherence. Depression estimates are higher among adults with CF than children and adolescents and can range from 29% to 46% (21, 22). While not yet studied in CF, depression is a significant predictor of nonadherence in many chronic illness groups (23). Older adolescents and emerging adults often have dramatic changes in their social network, shifting away from the central role of parents in their day-to-day lives towards more emphasis on peers and romantic relationships. Relationships and social support affect adherence at a person-level. In our qualitative research, we found that a person with CF who has a strong social network or wellestablished social support often reports less difficulty following his or her treatment regimen; however competing social opportunities were noted to be barriers to adherence. In other illness groups, social support, particularly direct assistance, is associated with better adherence (24). The existing research suggests that patients with CF can identify many barriers to adherence, but there are little data on how these perceived barriers affect actual adherence behaviors. Moreover, there is a paucity of theoretically grounded research examining predictors of adherence among adults with CF. It is clear that improving CF knowledge is necessary, but unlikely sufficient to increase regimen adherence. Data on the efficacy of adherence promoting interventions, particularly ones targeting identified treatment barriers, among older adolescents and adults with CF, are also lacking. As there is now a critical mass of adults with CF, research attention is needed to identify behavioral and psychosocial factors that influence their adherence and health outcomes, and interventions to overcome nonadherence are critical. ER  - 
Use of inhaled tobramycin is associated with reduced mortality in patients with cystic fibrosis; Objective: To assess the association between use of inhaled tobramycin and mortality in patients with cystic fibrosis and chronic Pseudomonas aeruginosa (PA) infection. Methods: Patients aged ≥ 6 years with FEV1 %-predicted 25-75% and ≥ 4 cultures with PA were identified from the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation Patient Registry (1996-2008). Patients were followed from the first year in which all these criteria were met (index year) to death or end of continuous data availability. Reported use of inhaled tobramycin in each year (yes/no) was obtained from annual questionnaires. Longitudinal logistic regression was used to assess the association between current-year reported use of inhaled tobramycin and subsequent-year mortality, with adjustment for demographics, comorbidities, reported use of dornase alpha or high-dose ibuprofen, FEV1 %-predicted and medical resource use. Generalized estimating equations accounted for within-patient correlation across multiple follow-up years. Results: Among 11,151 patients meeting the inclusion criteria, 2,267 deaths were observed during a median follow-up of 6 years. At index, mean age was 21 years, mean FEV1 %-predicted was 62%, 16% were underweight for age and 72% reported dornase alpha use. Inhaled tobramycin use was reported in 64% of index years and 67% of all follow-up years. After adjustment, inhaled tobramycin use was associated with a significant 15% reduction in the odds of subsequent year mortality (odds ratio [OR]: 0.85, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.76-0.94, P=0.003). Use of dornase alpha was similarly associated with reduced mortality (OR: 0.86, CI: 0.76-0.97, P=0.016). In the same model, factors associated with increased mortality (P<0.05) included (in order of decreasing OR) cancer, renal dysfunction, Burkholderia cepacia infection, liver disease, hypertension, transplantation, underweight for age, depression, CF-related diabetes, prior hospitalizations, female gender, prior home intravenous antibiotics, earlier calendar year, lower FEV1 %-predicted and additional cultures with PA. Conclusion: After adjusting for clinical status and other treatments, inhaled tobramycin use was associated with significantly reduced mortality among cystic fibrosis patients meeting recommended criteria for inhaled tobramycin use. ER  - 
Effects of a 12-week, METs based, individualised exercise program in adult cystic fibrosis patients; Background: Prescribed physical training in cystic fibrosis (CF) is regarded as beneficial at improving lung function, exercise capacity and strength. The benefits derived are dependent on the type of training. Aim: To examine the effect of a 12-week pilot training program on muscle mass and strength, lung function and exercise capacity in an adult CF population. Method: Patients completed the 12-week training which included three 30 minute exercise sessions per week. One of the three sessions was supervised and included an additional 30 minute educational component on various types of exercise including resistance and cardio-vascular training. Training was based on multiples of metabolic equivalents of the resting energy expenditure (METs) dependent on FEV1 percentage predicted. Those with over 70% predicted FEV1 completed 8-14 METs activitythose with 40-69%, 4-9METs; and those patients with FEV1 <40%, 2-3 METs in short intervals totalling 30 minutes. Fat free mass (FFM), body mass index (BMI), spirometry (FEV1), multi-stage shuttle walk test (MSSWT), handgrip strength and exercise self efficacy scores (ESES) were recorded at the start and end of the intervention. Inpatient days were recorded for each patient in the preceding and subsequent 6 months of the intervention period. Results: Seventeen patients started the program. Nine patients dropped out during the 12-weeks. Eight patients completed the program. In those who completed the training FFM increased by an average of 4.3%, BMI increased by 3.2% (average BMI=23.9), FEV1 increased by 11%, MSSWT by 0.3%, grip strength by 25%, press up to failure by 21% and ESES by 14%. Hospital days reduced from 80 days in the 6 months prior to the intervention for the entire group to 40 in the subsequent 6 months following the training period. Reasons given by patients for dropping out were recurrence of illness requiring IV antibiotics, financial and time constraints, depression and one patient died (due to an unrelated cause). Discussion: This program conformed to the components of physical exercise training as recommended by the American College of Sports Medicine guidelines; overload specificity, duration, intensity and frequency. Those patients who completed the 12-week METs-based physical training program improved aerobic capacity, lung function, strength, muscle mass (with no concurrent loss in body weight), confidence (as measured by the ESES) and reduced the number of hospital days. Small numbers completed the training and the drop-out rate was high. Further study intends to examine whether similar benefits are derived after 8-weeks to reduce drop-out and whether training benefits and activity remain when the intervention stops. Conclusion: METs-based exercise over 12 weeks improves lung function, aerobic capacity, body composition and strength. ER  - 
Trans-submucosal injection of Permacol® for the treatment faecal incontinence; Aim: Perianal bulking agents have been described for the treatment of faecal incontinence. The aim of this study was to assess the safety and efficacy of a Permacol® implant for the treatment of idiopathic faecal incontinence using a novel injection technique. Method: Patients with idiopathic passive faecal incontinence were selected for trans-submucosal injection of Permacol® following assessment of anorectal physiology and incontinence and quality of life scores. Results: Twenty-five patients (16 female), with a mean age of 67 years were eligible. During 13 months of follow-up, eight patients were ranked excellent (complete/almost complete continence), three good and one fair; ten patients had a poor response. The 12-month mean St Mark's incontinence score significantly improved compared to baseline (7.88 vs 12.64, P < 0.001). The overall life style score improved from a mean of 3.12-3.57 (P = 0.066), the coping score from 2.48 to 3.30 (P = 0.005), the depression score form 2.87 to 3.55 (P = 0.011) and the embarrassment score from 2.31 to 2.94 (P = 0.018). There were no complications. Conclusion: Permacol® injection was effective in managing faecal incontinence in 55% of patients in this study. The trans-submucosal technique used for injecting Permacol® in this study was safe and did not require prophylactic antibiotics or bowel preparation. ER  - 
Paroxetine, a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor, does not alter concentration-dependent licking of prototypical taste stimuli by rats; Serotonin (5HT), which is found in taste buds, is implicated in dysgeu-sias accompanying depression and was shown to decrease human taste thresholds to sucrose and quinine. Here the effect of paroxetine (PAR), a 5HT reuptake inhibitor, on licking responses to water, sucrose, NaCl, citric acid, and quinine was assessed. Rats were tested 3 × a week while either partially food and water restricted or 23-h water-deprived (to generate stimulus sampling) in 30-min sessions during which licks were measured to taste solutions presented in 10-s trials. Rats were tested for 6 weeks with an array of concentrations of a different taste stimulus each week and were injected with 1 of 4 doses of PAR (0.3-10mg/kg ip) or vehicle (DMSO 1ml/kg) 1-h prior to the third test session (n=5-8). During week 6, sucrose testing was repeated and a vehicle of 10% DMSO (1 ml/kg) was used (PAR 0.3-3mg/kg). Other rats (n=8) were injected with either 5mg/kg PAR or vehicle (10% DMSO 2ml/kg) on all 3 days of testing with sucrose. PAR at the doses used had no effect relative to vehicle on interlick intervals during continuous water access or on licking responses to the tastants. PAR at 5mg/kg reduced the number of trials taken to sucrose and at 10mg/kg reduced the number of trials taken to NaCl, citric acid, and quinine. PAR at 5mg/kg decreased licks to continuous water and at 5 and 10mg/kg decreased short-term feeding during an intake test after 23-h food deprivation. Collectively, the findings suggest that broad-spectrum modulation of 5HT signaling can, under certain circumstances, decrease feeding and appetitive behavior (eg, trial initiation), but does not ostensibly alter the affective processing of taste stimuli. Whether PAR at the doses used affects performance in other taste-related tasks remains to be tested in rats. ER  - 
Agomelatine: A differential approach to depression; Currently available antidepressant agents, such as tricyclic antidepressants, MAO Inhibitors or SSRIs act primarily through monoaminergic systems in the brain. Although the pathophysiology of depression is not completely understood, it is generally recognized that monoamine deficiency or disruption is not the only pathway involved. Agomelatine is the first melatonergic antidepressant acting as a potent MT1 and MT2 receptor agonist with 5- HT2c antagonist properties. Blockade of 5-HT2c heteroreceptors on dopaminergic and noradrenergic neurons enhances release of dopamine and norepinephrine in the frontal cortex. This effect is specific, since it was not produced in the nucleus accumbens and it is not modified by melatonin agonists. Both properties contribute to the antidepressant activity of Agomelatine. In addition, Agomelatine lacks monoamines reuptake inhibitor properties and lacks the capacity to block receptors as adrenergic, dopaminergic, muscarinic or histaminergic, responsible for the therapeutic and adverse effects of clasical antidepressants. Agomelatine has also demonstrated strong antidepressant and anxiolytic properties and has shown to resynchronize altered circadian rhythms in several animal models. On the other hand, Depression with continuous stress induces: a) high excitatory amino acid and cortisol levels, which would behave as neurotoxic factors; b) a deficit of BDNF , which disappears as a protective factor. Agomelatin reverts these effects and increase cell proliferation, neurogenesis and survival of newly formed neurons in the hippocampal formation. The efficacy of agomelatine in major depression has been demonstrated at doses of 25-50 mg against the full range of symptoms present in patients with moderate to severe major depression. The effect of treatment increases with the severity of the disease. Agomelatine also rapidly regulates the sleep-wake cycle without causing sedation and improves daytime condition. Agomelatine has an excellent safety profile, is weight neutral, does not affect sexual functioning and does not cause discontinuation syndrome. In conclusion, the multiple benefits of agomelatine that stem from the synergy between the targeted MT1 and MT2 and 5-HT2c receptors provide a novel approach to the treatment of depression. Its clinical efficacy as antidepressant agent that improves clinical conduct, such as sleep-wake, and its anxiolytic properties, has been demonstrated. ER  - 
Derangements in energy, amino-acid and gut microbial metabolism in hepatic encephalopathy: A metabolomic approach; Introduction: Hepatic encephalopathy (HE) pathogenesis is related to gut microbial products, which lead to deranged cerebral bioenergetics. Biofluid MR spectroscopy (MRS) can be used to determine changes in bioenergetics, gut microbial products, amino acid and lipid metabolites. Lactulose is used as a first-line HE Rx despite a poor evidence basis. Aim: To evaluate the clinical and metabolic consequences of lactulose withdrawal in HE. Method: Patients with cirrhosis on lactulose for precipitated HE underwent cognitive testing with inhibitory control (ICT), urine and serum collection for MRS and inflammatory markers while on lactulose. Lactulose was then withdrawn and patients followed for 30 days with visits at day 2, 14 and 30; ICT, serum and urine testing were repeated at every visit. Relapse of HE was defined clinically. Multivariate analysis of urine and serum metabolites involved principal components analysis (PCA) and partial least squares discriminant analysis (PLS-DA). Univariate analysis was applied to hypothesis-driven metabolites, multivariate-driven metabolites and inflammatory marker concentrations. Results: 7 cirrhotic men (age 53 ±7 years, 5 HCV, 2 alcohol) on lactulose for 6±5 months for precipitated HE (5 GI bleed, 2 infections) were included. Three patients clinically relapsed 38±6days post-withdrawal; all 3 had >15 ICT lures while on lactulose. None of those who scored <15 ICT lures on lactulose relapsed. Lure increase OR, 2.5 (CI: 1.7 to 3.6) predicted relapse. Using ICT lures >15 as a cut-off for HE relapse, MRS distinguished with a sensitivity and specificity of 70.0%/63.6% using urine and 100%/100% using serum on PLS-DA. Urine PLS-DA: In relapsers, urine TMAO was reduced indicating altered gut bacterial metabolism while malonic acid and citrate were higher demonstrating impaired energetics. Glycine and phenylalanine, associated with false neuro-transmitters, were also increased in relapsers along with creatinine. Serum PLS-DA: Relapsers had higher choline and its metabolite, dimethylglycine levels which is associated with extrusion of choline after astrocyte swelling in HE as well as higher levels of lipids. Univariate analysis confirmed that relapsers had lower TMAO (p=0.00280) and higher choline (p=0.0414), LDL (0.0265) and creatinine (p=0.00970). Inflammation was depressed in relapsers compared to others evidenced by decreased endotoxin (p=0.03), IFN-γ (p=0.045), IL-4 (0.0002) and TNF-α (p=0.0013) suggesting a compensatory anti-inflammatory response syndrome. Conclusion: HE relapse post-lactulose withdrawal is associated with derangements in bioenergetics, amino-acid, lipid and gut microbial metabolism as well as depression of the inflammatory response. ER  - 
Side effects of initial 4-week steroid therapy in 219 children with renal diseases; Objectives: To evaluate the side effects of full-dose steroid therapy during the first 4 weeks and to decide the appropriate admission period. In Japan, the introduction of steroid treatment in children with renal diseases is commonly performed as inpatient during the first 4 weeks. Methods: We compiled a retrospective cohort of 219 children with renal diseases (range: 1 - 17 years) admitted for the first time to our hospital from 1986 through 2009. All the patients received either 2 mg/kg/day of prednizolone (PSL) or methylprednisolone pulse therapy followed by PSL (1mg/kg/day) for 4 weeks. Of 219, 130 had nephrotic syndrome, 47 IgA nephropathy, 24 Henoch-Shonlein purpura nephritis and 18 lupus nephritis. The data were collected from medical records regarding hypertension, ophthalmologic complications, psychiatric disturbances, and infections. Results: Within the first 4 weeks, 37(19.2%) showed hypertension and 22(10.0%) developed ophthalmologic complications including cataract, ocular hypertension or glaucoma. This indicated a possibility of much earlier onset of cataract than previous reports. During admission, 19(8.7%) suffered from psychiatric disturbances such as depression and insomnia, and 30(13.7%) needed antibiotics or antiviral drugs against infections. The mean onset of hypertension was 15.4 days, and that of ophthalmologic complications was 21.3 days (range: 5 days - 2 months). Conclusions: These data show that we should be well aware of the above- mentioned side effects, especially during the first 4 weeks of full-dose steroid treatment. From the safety point of view, at least 4 weeks admission is considered to be appropriate in Japan. ER  - 
Donâ€™t forget nerve blocks for pain management in the intensive care unit!; Body: We present here the case of a critically ill patient who developed a necrotizing soft tissue infection following infiltration of a peripheral IV. This patientâ€™s ICU course was further complicated by analgesic requirements that hindered attempts at extubation. This case highlights a unique management option that anesthesia-trained intensivists can offer critically ill patients: regional nerve blocks. The ICU team was consulted on a 58 year old male with confusion, fever, tachycardia, and hypotension refractory to fluid resuscitation. His ongoing medical problems were extensive, including metastatic cancer, cirrhosis, and renal insufficiency. His left forearm was found to be eccymotic, edematous, and exquisitely tender. Significant erythema was concentrated around an 18G peripheral IV. Progress notes indicated that this was the patientâ€™s only IV, and although â€oefunctioning poorly,â€□ was the route for the resuscitative effort. The patientâ€™s floor nurse suspected that the peripheral IV had infiltrated. In the ICU, initial treatment for hypovolemic and septic shock included fluids, blood products, antibiotics and pressors. Central access, lab and culture data were obtained. Intubation and mechanical ventilation were initiated for impending respiratory failure. Surgeons consulted for the extremity findings suspected necrotizing soft tissue infection, and the patient emergently underwent extensive surgical debridement (see photo). The OR pathology report was consistent with necrotizing fasciitis, with E.Coli positive blood and tissue cultures. On Post-op days 1-3, though hemodynamically stable and weaned off pressors, the patient had significant opioid requirements for pain from the surgical debridement. He remained intubated as weaning trials failed from low respiratory rates with high tidal volumes, and frequent apneic episodes, all suggesting opioid induced respiratory depression. On Post-op day 4, the ICU team - including two anesthesiologists - placed a left supraclavicular nerve catheter under ultrasound guidance in an effort to wean the patient from opioids while effectively managing his pain. Within minutes of the local anesthetic bolus through the catheter, the patient communicated that his pain was relieved. Opioids were tapered, and the patient was successfully extubated later that same day. On Post-op 5, the patient was transferred out of the ICU, with pain managed via catheter infusion of local anesthetic. This particular patient presented multiple challenges, from multi-system dysfunction with concomitant necrotizing soft-tissue infection, to extubation and pain management. This case demonstrates several principles of peri-operative and intensive care medicine: First, even routine procedures like peripheral intravenous cannulation have the potential for serious complications. Second, continual careful assessment of the reliability of catheters, tubes, and devices placed by ourselves and others is crucial in both the ICU and the operating room. And finally, don't forget peripheral nerve blocks as a viable and definitive method for pain management in the appropriate critically ill patient! In our case the block allowed us to discontinue opioids and liberate our patient from the ventilator, diverting him from a prolonged ICU course. ER  - 
Azetidinone (β-lactam) derivatives: An emerging antimicrobials; The discovery development and identification of biologically active compounds has gain lot of importance in the recent years, even though there is considerable number of dreadful and fatal adverse effect, the medicinal chemists have always tried to design drug substance possessing maximum therapeutic application and minimum toxicity combinatorial synthesis has brought a lot of evaluation in the recent trends of drug synthesis. Azetidine derivatives (β-lactam) containing nitrogen (N) have been identified as new range of potent antimicrobials effective against wide range of pathogens. They occupy a central place among medically important compounds due to their diverse and interesting antibiotic properties. Large number of 3-chloro monocyclic β-lactams having substitution at position 1 and 4 posses powerful antimicrobial, sedative and anti-tubercular activity. All β-lactam antibiotics interfere with the synthesis of bacterial cell wall and the cell wall deficient forms are osmotically lysed. Lytic effect of these antibiotics may lead to the depression of some bacterial autolysins synthesis which normally functions during cell division. © Global Science Publications. ER  - 
Neuroticism but not omega-3 fatty acid levels correlate with early responsiveness to escitalopram; Background: Omega-3 fatty acid (O3FA) levels and dimensional personality measures have been associated with major depression and the course of depressive illness. We sought to study the utility of O3FA levels and dimensional personality measures as predictors of early improvement with escitalopram. Methods: Twenty-four participants were enrolled in an open-label trial of escitalopram 10 mg/d for 4 weeks. Baseline erythrocyte O3 levels and dimensional personality assessments were obtained. Results: Using a conservative, intention-to-treat analysis, baseline neuroticism (r = -0.57; P = .007), as measured by the Revised NEO Personality Inventory but not erythrocyte O3 levels, was correlated with improvements on escitalopram. A facet analysis of the neuroticism domain showed the relationship with antidepressant response to be focused on trait anxiety (r = -0.65; P = .002). Conclusions: Anxiety may have important prognostic implications on subsequent response to selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, such as escitalopram. ER  - 
Prevention by a probiotic treatment of gut leakiness leads to attenuated hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) response to an acute stress in rats: Role of lipopolysaccharides; Introduction: Increased intestinal permeability associated with increased upload of lipopolysaccharides (LPS) translocation from Gram negative bacteria may induce depressive symptoms [1]. Circulating LPS is known to activate proinflammatory cytokines transiently expressed by glial cells in the brain [2]. A probiotic treatment (L. farciminis) suppresses stress-induced increase of intestinal paracellular permeability through an inhibition of epithelial cell cytoskeleton contraction and the subsequent tight junction opening and attenuates the activation of the HPA axis in response to an acute stress. Thus, we aimed to evaluate whether (i) acute stress induces changes in LPS translocation triggering central neuroinflammation which may be reversed by L farciminis (ii) the prevention of leaky gut is involved in these effects. Material and Methods: In a first series of experiments, female Wistar rats received orally L. farciminis (1011 CFU dayQ1) during 2 weeks or NaCl 0.9 %. After a partial restraint stress or sham-stress session, LPS level in portal blood and hypothalamic cytokine mRNA expression level were assessed using LAL QCL-1000 kit and relative quantitative RT-PCR respectively. In a second series of experiments, rats received before stress or sham-stress ML-7, a myosin light chain kinase inhibitor (1 mg kg-1; i.p.) administered three times at 12 h interval or unabsorbable broad spectrum antibiotics (0.5% neomycin, 1% ampicillin in driking water during 12 days) or vehicle. Plasmatic ACTH and corticosteronemia were assessed 15 min and 2 h after the beginning of the stress session respectively using Lincoplex kit. In distinct groups portal blood LPS concentration and hypothalamic IL-1b, IL-6, TNFα and CRH mRNA levels were assessed. Results: Partial restraint stress significantly increased LPS concentration in portal blood (9.4 ± 1.2 vs 5.3 ± 0.3 EU mL-1 in sham-stress group) and hypothalamic IL-1b, IL-6 and TNFα mRNA levels by respectively 2, 4 and 3 fold compared to control group. Both effects were significantly decreased by L. farciminis treatment. In stressed rats, ML-7 and antibiotics treatment reduced (i) LPS concentration in the portal blood (ii) ACTH and corticosterone plasmatic levels and (iii) hypothalamic IL1b, IL-6 TNFα and CRH mRNA levels. Conclusions: This study shows that attenuation of the HPA axis in response to acute stress and associated central neuroinflammation by L. farciminis treatment is mediated through a prevention of gut leakiness, and decrease of circulating LPS levels. ER  - 
Vagus nerve stimulation (VNS): A new tool for the treatment of colitis?; Background: Vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) is approved for the treatment of epilepsy and depression in Humans. Anti-inflammatory properties of VNS have been described through an activation of vagal efferent cholinergic fibers (1). The aim of this study was 1) to evaluate the anti-inflammatory properties of VNS in a model of colitis in rats, and 2) to look for a brain activation following VNS. Methods: Colonic inflammation was chemically induced by intracolonic instillation of trinitrobenzensulfonic acid (TNBS) in rats (n = 12) chronically implanted with electrodes on the left cervical VN. VNS was performed in freely moving animals 3 h per day for five consecutive days, starting 1 h before instillation, with stimulation parameters (1 mA, 5 Hz, pulse width of 500 ls; 10 s ON, 90 s OFF; continuous cycle) known to activate vagal efferents. After 5 days of VNS, efficacy of VNS on colitis was evaluated by body weight loss measurement, scoring of macroscopic and histological colonic lesions, myeloperoxidase (MPO) quantification, and cytokine/cytokine-related mRNA assessment. A multiparametric index of colitis was generated, using both physiological and molecular parameters. Three other groups (n = 12 rats per group) were either non-stimulated/saline injected (controls), stimulated/saline injected (VNS/saline) or non-stimulated /TNBS injected (noVNS/TNBS). In parallel, we studied the central effects of 5Hz VNS in anesthetized rats using BOLD fMRI on a 4.7 T Bruker small animal MR system. Functional scans were acquired using an EPI sequence. In addition, we used Dynamic Causal Modelling (DCM) to estimate directed neural connectivity in a small brain network including the nucleus tractus solitarius (NTS) known to receive vagal afferents. Results: Vagus nerve stimulation induced a significant improvement of colitis with a decrease in body weight loss and colonic MPO, associated to an improvement of the multiparametric index of colitis. The brain was mainly deactivated in subcortical structures (e.g. the NTS). Furthermore, significant cortical deactivations were also observed in several cortices (e.g. retrosplenial). Model comparison of DCMs still allowed the identification of the NTS as the input nucleus of the VNS pathway to the brain. Conclusion: Vagus nerve stimulation chronically performed in freely moving animals significantly improves TNBS colitis and induces central activations in addition to its peripheral action. These experimental data argue for the possible use of VNS therapy in patients with inflammatory bowel diseases. ER  - 
The omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid suppresses neuroinflammatory responses and induces heme oxygenase-1 expression in BV-2 microglia; Background: Accumulating evidence suggest that pathophysiology of depression might be associated with neuroinflammation, which could be attenuated by pharmacological treatment for depression [1]. The mechanism of anti-oxidative and antiinflammatory reactions from antidepressant medications has been found to associated with an enhancement of heme oxygenase-1 (HO-1) expression, which is strongly inducible in response to diverse stress-related cellular stimuli and is important in neuroprotection and neuroplasticity. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are anti-inflammatory and play an important role in neurobiological mechanisms of depression [2]. The function of n-3 PUFAs in brain is diverse, but the mechanisms of antidepressant effects from n-3 PUFAs have yet to be elucidated. The aim of this study was to identify the molecular mechanisms through which docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), the main omega-3 PUFA in the brain, modulates oxidative reactions and inflammatory cytokine production in microglial cells. Methods: The murine BV-2 cells were prepared in Dulbecco's modified Eagle medium (Gibco, Grand Island, NY) and were treated with DHA and/or cytokines according to the experiment aims. Protein samples were measured with the Western blot analysis. Total RNA was extracted from BV-2 cells using a TRIzol kit (MDBio Inc., Taipei, Taiwan). Quantitative real-time PCR was performed using SYBR-green detection of PCR products in real time using the 48-well StepOne Real Time System (Applied Biosystems, Foster City, CA). The cells were prepared and visualized with a fluorescence microscope with Immunocytofluorescent staining. Results: The results of this study showed that DHA reduced expressions of tumor necrosis factor-α, interleukin-6, nitric oxide synthase, and cyclo-oxygenase-2, induced by interferon-γ, and induced up-regulation of heme oxygenase-1 (HO-1) in BV-2 microglia. The inhibitory effect of DHA on NO production was abolished by HO-1 inhibitor zinc protoporphyrin IX. In addition, DHA caused AKT and ERK activation in a time-dependent manner, and the DHA-induced HO-1 up-regulation could be attenuated by PI-3 kinase/AKT and MEK/ERK inhibitors. DHA also increased IKKα/β phosphorylation, IúBa phosphorylation, and IκBα degradation, while both NF-κB and IκB protease inhibitors could inhibit DHA-induced HO-1 expressions. Conclusions: The main finding of this study is that DHA potently inhibits oxidative reactions and proinflammatory responses in microglia, probably via promoting up-regulation of HO-1 expression. To our knowledge, this is the first report to demonstrate the role of HO-1 in the anti-inflammatory effects by DHA and to identify the molecular mechanism through which DHA modulates oxidative reaction and proinflammatory cytokine production in microglial cells. Firstly, the inflammatory stimuli of IFN-g increase the up-regulation of oxidative and proinflammatory mediators, including iNOS, COX-2, IL-6 and TNF-γ, which can be attenuated by DHA. Secondly, our results support previous reports showing that HO-1 is a critical regulator of NO production in numerous cells. In connecting with inflammation hypothesis of depression and clinical studies supporting the antidepressant effects of omega-3 PUFAs, this study provides a novel implication of antidepressant mechanisms of DHA. ER  - 
Association of mood depression with inflammation and oxidative stress in peritoneal dialysis patients; Purpose: Mood depression is very common in peritoneal dialysis patients. Peritoneal dialysis patients usually show increased prevalence of inflammation such as peritonitis and oxidative stress[1]. Inflammatory response and oxidative stress have been thought to be associated with pathophysiological mechanism of mood disorders[2], particularly in peritoneal dialysis patients[3]. This study was aimed to investigate the clinical features of mood depression, its symptom characteristics, and the associations of depressive symptoms with inflammation and oxidative stress in peritoneal dialysis patients. Method: Sixty-six peritoneal dialysis patients were included. The depressive disorders were diagnosed according to DSM-IVTR, and the depressive symptoms were assessed with Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRSD). Psychiatric evaluation was made by a psychiatrist through semi-structured interview. Patients with depressive disorders (Major depressive disorder and Dysthymic disorder) were treated with escitalopram for twelve weeks. Clinical and inflammatory indices such as dialysis duration, number of peritonitis, high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs CRP), and serum ferritin were evaluated. Oxidative stress markers such as levels of thiobarbituric acid-reactive substances (TBARs) as a marker of lipid peroxidation, superoxide dismutase (SOD), catalase (CAT), and glutathione peroxidase (GSH-Px) activities as antioxidants were measured. Results: Nineteen (28.8%) subjects were diagnosed as clinical depression (Major depressive disorder was 18.2%, Dysthymic disorder was 10.6%). Compared to non-depressed patients, depressed patients showed significantly higher symptoms of depressed mood, feelings of guilt, suicidal ideation, sleep disturbances, psychomotor retardation, agitation, psychic and somatic anxiety, lower levels of work and activities, gastrointestinal and general somatic symptoms, and hypochondriasis. Among depressed patients, six subjects rejected to take medication, two stopped medication arbitrarily within two weeks, one patient dropped out, and ten patients took escitalopram. However, HRSD scores in depressed medicated patients were not changed after twelve week antidepressant treatment. Inflammatory indices and oxidative stress markers were not different between patients with and without depressive disorders. However, there were significant positive correlations between HRSD score and number of peritonitis (r = 0.305, p = 0.013) and hs CRP (r = 0.250, p = 0.043), significant negative correlations between HRSD score and hemoglobin (r = -0.265, p = 0.031), hematocrit (r = -0.247, p = 0.045), plasma HCO-3 (r = -0.283, p = 0.021) and serum albumin level (r = -0.388, p = 0.010). Conclusions: Peritoneal dialysis patients have various depressive symptoms regardless the clinical diagnosis of depressive disorders. In this study, antidepressant treatment was not effective; however, it might because the subject size was too small. Clinical depressive disorders including Major depressive disorder and Dysthymic disorder were not related to inflammation and oxidative stress in peritoneal dialysis patients; however, depressive symptom severity was correlated with inflammation. These results suggest that inflammation would be influencing factors of depressive symptoms in peritoneal dialysis patients. Inflammation might be more important factor of mood depression rather than clinical diagnosis and features of depressive disorders. In other words, active management and prevention of inflammation would be helpful for reducing depressive symptoms in peritoneal dialysis patients. ER  - 
Taurine levels in plasma before and after three ECT treatments; Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective treatment against depression [1]. Serotonergic, noradrenergic and dopaminergic activity are known to be raised after ECT, but less is known about aminoacids. Taurine: Taurine is a b-amino acid important for the development and regeneration of the central nervous system, modulating the calcium homeostasis, membrane stabilization and regulation of the immune system. Taurine also acts as an neurotransmitter. In healthy men, there is an association between taurine in plasma and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) [2]. Taurine in plasma and lymphocytes is elevated in depressed patients and are normalized after oral antidepressant medication. Deviating levels of taurine in CSF have been found in patients with pathological gambling and schizophrenia. Pre-treatment dopamine activity influences the response to ECT. Patients with already high base-line dopamine activity do not benefit from the ECT induced dopamine excess. Taurine may, through its action on dopamine, play a role in depression and have a antidepressant effect after ECT. The properties of taurine as an antioxidant compound could also play a role for the inflammatory aspect of depression, known as the cytokine hypothesis of depression [3]. Many antidepressants and ECT have anti-inflammatory properties. Purpose of the study: The present study examines the effect of ECT on plasma taurine level in patients suffering from depression. Since ECT needs several administrations to induce an antidepressive effects the study examined the effect after three ECT treatments. Methods: Fifteen patients undergoing ECT were recruited. Severity of depression was measured with the Montgomery- Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) at the time of each blood sampling. Fasting blood samples were collected before the first and after three ECT treatments. Plasma was separated from the sample and amino acids were separated using high performance liquid chromatography. Amino acids were detected by spectrophotometry. Summary of results containing real data and appropriate statistical assessments: Response of depression was defined as MADRS <15. After three ECTs there were six responders and nine non-responders. Using t-test for dependent variables it was shown that there was a drop in plasma taurine levels after three administrations of ECT for responders (p = 0.04), but not for nonresponders.(Table presented) Conclusions: In conclusion, plasma taurine levels drop in patients responding to ECT but not in patients not responding. Even if there are accumulating studies pointing out changing concentrations of taurine in plasma and CSF in several psychiatric diseases the role of taurine is still uncertain, especially regarding levels in response to treatment. Taurine is transported from the blood to the brain through a taurine transporter. A hypothesis is that the decrease in plasma taurine during ECT may be due to redistribution of taurine from blood to the brain, thus increasing brain taurine levels, possibly affecting positive reinforcement circuits for dopamine. ER  - 
Innovative antidepressant treatment targets; Despite the availability of effective antidepressants for over 50 years, a substantial minority of patients with major depression fail to respond satisfactorily to treatment. Classical available antidepressants known to activate central monoaminergic function are associated with a delayed therapeutic response and unacceptable side effects that compromise effective treatment. As the psychopathology of depression, and the mechanisms of action of antidepressants, is largely unknown, it is questionable whether the current targets for antidepressants are adequate. Cognitive decline often remains unaffected by current antidepressants and may be associated with a dysfunctional glutamatergic circuits in limbic regions. Ketamine and riluzole appear to owe their efficacy to a reduction in glutamatergic activity in these regions. Drugs such as lithium act on intra-neuronal signalling cascades and enhance the synthesis of neurotrophic factors, such as BDNF, and activate the anti-apoptotic Bcl-2 gene. Future antidepressant targets could therefore include such intracellular processes that enhance neuroprotection (1). Limited attention has been given to the adverse effects of hypercortisolaemia and chronic low grade inflammation to the symptoms of depression and the associated physical ill health (2). Moderate clinical responses to mifepristone and celecoxib suggest that non monoaminergic targets should be considered in future. Hopefully a more holistic concept of depression will enable novel antidepressant targets to be identified. The most recent novel target includes the control of circadian rhythms. Agomelatine, the first melatonergic antidepressant combines uniquely the properties of agonism at melatonergic receptors and antagonism at 5HT2C receptor (3) and had demonstrated its antidepressant efficacy in clinical trials. ER  - 
Detection of late effects of drugs children using a spontaneous report ADR database; Background: There is increasing concern on late effects of treatment during childhood for diseases like ADHD and auto-immune disorders. Due to a delay between exposure and the possible effect, these ADRs are difficult to recognize and probably underreported. Objectives: To investigate whether the WHO-UMC spontaneous reporting database is a valuable datasource to identify late effects. Methods: We used all non vaccine related paediatric ADR reports from the WHO-UMC until 2006 where information on both the onset date and the stop date of the drug was available. Psychoanaleptic drugs were one of the drug classes of interest. Results: In total 69.514 ADR records were available for analysis, of which 70% occurred prior to the stop date, 26% within 3 months and 4% after ≥3 months. Only 2% of the ADRs occurred ≥12 months after discontinuation of the drug. Within the first 3 months, ADRs were mainly reported on palivizumab (12%) and isotretinoin (4%). Most frequent ADRs <3 months were pneumonia (2.4%), and coughing (1.0%) after palivizumab. ADRs with later onset (≥3 months) were mainly reported for isotretinoin (38%) and infliximab (3%). Most frequent ADRs were (ulcerative) colitis (2.9%), depression (1.8%) and suicide attempt (1.2%), all in isotretinoin. Changing the time window of late effects from ≥3 months to ≥6, 12 or 24 months did not alter the results. For psychoanaleptic drugs 2,980 ADRs were reported, of which 30% occurred within 3 months and 4% after ≥3 months. Up to 3 months most ADRs concerned paroxetine (22%). Most frequent ADRs were suicide attempt (1.5%) in atomoxetine and withdrawal syndrome (1.4%) after paroxetine. ADRs after ≥3 months were mainly amphetamine associated (18%). Most frequent ADRs were aggressive reaction (3%) and suicide attempt (3%) after atomoxetine. Conclusions: The WHO-UMC database contains few reports on late effects in children. As late effects are difficult to recognize, medical record databases with long follow-up might be a better source to detect them. ER  - 
Spontaneous reports as a source for risk assessment of long term drug use in children; Background: There is an urgent need for data on safety of drugs used in children. Especially knowledge on risks during long term use of drugs is sparse. Objectives: Explore whether the WHO-UMC spontaneous reporting database is a valid tool to study adverse drug reactions (ADRs) in children being long term exposed to drugs. Methods: From all spontaneous paediatric ADR reports received by the WHO-UMC until 2006 we selected ADRs occurring after long term use (≥6 months). We focussed on drugs known to be chronically used in children like antidiabetics, immunosuppresives and antiepileptics. Results: In 553,811 of the 812,415 ADR records (68%) information on duration of use of drugs was available; 15,668 records (3%) concerned use ≥6 months. In this group of records on long term use most frequently reported drugs were isotretinoin (10%), atomoxetine (6%), and paroxetine (4%). Most reported drug-ADR combinations were depression (0.9%) and suicide attempt (0.5%) in isotretinoin and menstrual disorders in levonorgestrel users (0.4%). 37% (n=284) of the reports received for antidiabetics concerned long term use. Most frequent long term ADRs were hyperglycaemia (9%), hypoglycaemia (9%) and ketosis (6%). Long term use was present in 9% (n=324) of the ADRs concerning immunosuppresives; methotrexate (30%) and etanercept (26%) were most frequently implicated. Most frequent combinations were malignant lymphoma in azathioprine (2%) or tacrolimus (2%), and thrombocytopenia in eternacept (2%). 15% (n=1226) of the ADRs related to antiepileptics concerned long term use. Valproic acid was most frequently reported (37%). Most frequent reported combinations were visual field defects in vigabatrin users (3%) and pancreatitis in valproic acid (2%). Conclusions: Information on duration is lacking in 32% of all reported ADRs, 3% of the available records concerned long term use. ER  - 
Kounis syndrome induced by piperacillin/tazobctam infusion; The Kounis Syndrome (KS) is the concurrence of an acute coronary event with condition associated with a massive mast -cell degranulation, usually an anaphylactic or ananaphylactoid reaction (1) and it should be due to the inflammatory mediators, such as histamine, chemokines and leukotrienes released by mast cells (2), which are able to induce a coronary vasospasm in some patients (1, 2). KS was described firstly in 1991 by Kounis and Zafras as allergic angina or an allergic myocardial infarction (3). KS can be induced by Hymenoptera stings, food allergy and of course various drugs as well as contrast media, intravenous anaesthetics, NSAIDs and, of course, antibiotics (1). Beta-lactams are the commonest cause of KS among the antibiotics (4). We described a KS in a 62 y.o man induced by tazobactam/ piperacillin administration. Case Report: A 62 y.o obese man was admitted to the 4th Division of Pneumological Hospital A Galateo (Lecce). He referred cough, malaise and slight chest constriction since some days, with no fever or dyspnea. The Chest X-Ray confirmed the presence of a pneumonic process on the basal right lung. Electrocar- diography showed a normal frequency with sinus rhythm White Blood cell count was higher (127.00/mm3), blood pressure was 80/130 mmHg and haemogasanalytical values were satisfactory as well as pulse oxymetry (SpO2: 97-98%). He didn't referred any drug allergy, despite he had been admitted twice in the General Hospital Vito Fazzi, firstly in 2002 at the Cardiac Surgery Unity for the partial rupture of a misdiagnosed thoracic aorta aneurysm and then in 2005 at the Thoracic Surgery Department for a spontaneous pneumothorax. We prescribed him theophylline, corticosteroids, diuretics and Tazobactam/Ampicilline (T/A) 4,5 g bis in die intravenously. Few minutes after the administration of T/A an erythematous generalized eruption appeared on the trunk and on the face as well as the tachycardia (approximately 140/bpm) while the pulse-oxymetry decreased at 78-79%. Antibiotic administration was promptly stopped, but dyspnea and tremors appeared too, associated with a generalized urticarial rash. Blood pressure collapsed to 70/40 mmHg. Patient referred intense chest and abdominal pains and his face showed high sufferance. One gram of hydrocortisone succinate was injected intravenously, through the venous peripheral catheter positioned during the admittance, followed by chlorpheniramine maleate diluted in 100 ml of saline solution and high-flow oxygen. Patient still referred a strong thoracic pain and an the urgently performed ECG showed a tachycardia with some extrasystoles and a ST segment depression in leads V4- V5-V6, suggesting an acute ischemic injury. Taking advantage by a slight increase of blood pressure (60/90 mmHg) and by the presence of the cardiologist, an other gram of Hydrocortisone succinate was injected to the patient associated to a slow infusion of nitrates. As soon as chest pain faded, administration of the latter was promptly interrupted. No epinephrine was administered. Cardiac enzymes were dosed during the acute episode and 6 hours later (Table 1). The patient improved and pulse-oxymetry demonstrated an oxygen saturation of 92%. The day after on a bood sample total IgE have bee dosed, showing a normal range of 54 IU/ml, but at a second sample 3 days later total IgE showed a boosted response with an increased range of 556 IU/ml (Phadia Company - Sweden). The specific IgE to Penicilloyl G, Penicilloyl V, Amoxycilloyl were not demonstrable by CAP (Phadia, Sweden). On the contrary, IgE to Ampicilloyl was present (0,23 kUA/l - normal range< 0,1 kUA/lt Phadia Company). By examining documentations of the preceding hospitalizations, we discovered patient had already assumed Sulbactam/Ampicillin in 2002 and Tazobactam/Piperacillin in 2005. Since there was no elevations of Penicilloyl G, Penicilloyl V, Amoxycilloyl and Ampicilloyl at a secondary (Table Presented) control 3 days later, but there have been an increase of total IgE demostrating the specific immune response, probably towards the side-chain of Piperacillin (5), we concluded patient had got an IgE mediated anaphylaxis. For the peculiarity of symptoms and the risk of develop another KS, no skin tests were performed in such patient. As far as epinephrine is concerned, its use is quite controversial in Kounis syndrome for the possibility it increases oxygen consumption by cardiac muscle and favours arrythmia onset. Patients undergone to a cardiac intervention have a greater risk to develop a KS, especially if coronary stents have been positioned (6). ER  - 
Clinical trial: Chest pain caused by presumed gastro-oesophageal reflux in coronary artery disease - Controlled study of lansoprazole vs. placebo; Background Gastro-oesophageal reflux (GER) and coronary artery disease commonly co-exist. Coronary artery disease patients may mistake GER-induced pain for cardiac pain or GER might provoke angina. Aim To investigate if GER might contribute to nocturnal/rest chest pain among coronary artery disease patients. Methods Double-blind placebo-controlled crossover study investigating effect of lansoprazole on chest pain; 125 patients with angiographically proven coronary artery disease enrolled with at least one weekly episode of nocturnal/rest pain, randomized to lansoprazole 30 mg daily or placebo with crossover after 4 weeks. Symptoms recorded and QOL assessed by Nottingham Health Profile Questionnaire; ST segment depression episodes counted from 24 h electrocardiographic monitoring in final week of both periods. Statistical analysis: ANCOVA with period and carryover analysis. Results In all, 108 patients completed the study. There was a modest increase in pain-free days on lansoprazole vs. placebo (P < 0.02), with fewer days with pain at rest (P < 0.05) and at night (P < 0.009) on lansoprazole vs. placebo, but no significant differences in ST segment depression episodes (P = 0.64). There was a trend for reduction in the 'physical pain' QOL domain. Conclusions Among coronary artery disease patients, lansoprazole modestly increases pain-free days and reduces rest/nocturnal pain. As lansoprazole did not affect ST segments, this may be by suppression of GER-provoked pain misinterpreted as angina, rather than acid-provoked ischaemia. © 2010 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
A meta-analytic review of polyunsaturated fatty acid compositions in patients with depression; Background: On the basis of evidence from studies showing the antidepressant effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and the inverse relation between fish consumption and the prevalence of depression, the phospholipid hypothesis seems promising in ascertaining the etiology and treatment of depression. Although several studies have shown lower levels of omega-3 (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids in depressive patients, the results of individual polyunsaturated fatty acids, including docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and the omega-6 (n-6) polyunsaturated fatty acid arachidonic acid (AA), were inconsistent. Methods: Weconducted the meta-analyses of 14 studies comparing the levels of polyunsaturated fatty acids between depressive patients and control subjects. The effect size of each study was synthesized by using a random effects model. Results: Compared with control subjects, the levels of EPA, DHA, and total n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids were significantly lower in depressive patients. There was no significant change in AA or total n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids. Conclusions: The results showed lower levels of EPA, DHA, and total n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in patients with depression, thus implying that n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids play a role in the pathogenesis of depression. Our findings provide further support to the phospholipid hypothesis of depression and a rationale for using n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids as an alternative treatment for depression. With these results, future studies examining specific roles of DHA and EPA in different clusters of depressive symptoms are warranted. © 2010 Society of Biological Psychiatry. ER  - 
Penetrating injury to the pharynx by scissors leading to retropharyngeal abscess in a depressed man; Retropharyngeal abscess caused by pharyngeal penetrating injury is a rare but life threatening condition with extensive fasciitis and possible gas accumulating in the prevertebral fascia. Pharyngeal penetrating injuries are uncommon, except for those with a definite history of foreign body swallowing or external traumatic injury. We described a 24-year-old man, who sustained retropharyngeal abscess with gas formation in the retropharyngeal soft tissue after swallowing and vomiting a pair of scissors. In the emergency department (ED), an early computed tomography scan helped with the diagnosis and showed the extent of the ailment, which was promptly treated with surgical debridement and drainage. Broad-spec-trum antibiotics were started as soon as possible, while the clinical suspicion was initially made. The patient was treated promptly and discharged without serious complications. © 2010 JMS. ER  - 
Chronic administration of cyclosporine a changes expression of BDNF and TrkB in rat hippocampus and midbrain; Neurotrophins, including the brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF), are essential for regulating neuronal differentiation in developing brains. BDNF and its receptor tyrosine kinase receptor B (TrkB) are involved in neuronal signaling, survival and plasticity. Cyclosporine A (CsA) is a potent immunosuppressive agent which prevents allograft rejection in organ transplantation and various immunological diseases. We investigated whether chronic administration of CsA decreases BDNF gene expression in rats, and the influence of CsA on mRNA levels of TrkB receptors was also examined. For 30 days of CsA (10 mg/kg/day) administration, the expression of BDNF and TrkB mRNA was significantly decreased in the hippocampus and midbrain, but there was no significant difference in the cortex. CsA (0, 1, 5 10, 15 ug/ml) down-regulated BDNF and TrkB gene expression through cultured SH-SY5Y cells, as did all-trans retinoic acid (ATRA), and there was no effect on cell viability. These experimental results indicate that suppression of the BDNF and TrkB mRNA, protein level of BDNF expression in the hippocampus and midbrain may be related to altered behavior observed following chronic administration of CsA. A common mechanism of adverse effects of CsA induced depressive symptoms may involve neurotoxicity mediated by down-regulation of brain BDNF and TrkB. © 2010 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC. ER  - 
Health-related quality of life in patient with rheumatoid arthritis improves by methotrexate monotherapy, but depression was not improved compared with biologics agent treatment; Background: Health-related quality of life (HR-QoL) as a patient-reported outcome in rheumatoid arthritis (RA) has become an important tool in the clinical evaluation of patients' preferences and perception of their health. The incidence of depression and anxiety disorders among patients with RA ranges from 14 to 42 percent. Recently, methotrexate (MTX) and biologics agent treatment were shown to effectively suppress disease activity in RA. Objective: To examine the biologics agent treatment induced changes in HR-QoL and depression in patients with RA compared with MTX monotherapy. Methods: The age, sexuality, dosage of steroid and depression scale; using the self-rating depression scale (SDS) were assessed in 66 RA patients at baseline and after 14 weeks later of infliximab (25 patients), etanercept (eight patients), tocilizmab (10 patients), adalimumab (eight patients), or MTX (15 patients). Disease activity in patients was evaluated using the disease activity score (DAS) 28, while the patients' HR-QoL was evaluated using a modified health assessment questionnaire (mHAQ) and Short Form (SF)-36. Results: Following biologics agent therapy, all eight categories of the SF-36 score were significant improvement (P < 0.001), mHAQ improved from 0.55 ± 0.07 (mean ± SD) to 0.27 ± 0.06 (P < 0.001), SDS score improved from 40.4 ± 10.0 to 36.9 ± 10.4 (P < 0.001) in the biologics agent treatment group. By contrast, seven categories of the SF-36 (physical functioning, role of physical function, pain, general health perception, energy, social functioning and role of emotional function) score were significant improvement (P < 0.05) and mHAQ improved from 0.56 ± 0.54 to 0.19 ± 0.28 (P = 0.02). Mental health of the SF-36 (P = 0.076) and SDS score (P = 0.107) were no significant improvement in the MTX monotherapy group. Conclusion: Although MTX monotherapy was improved QOL of RA, mental health was not improved different from the biologics agent treatment. ER  - 
Focused Conference Group: P13 - Maximising benefits and minimizing harms from drugs in vitro evaluation of linezolid and novel oxazolidinone actions on central nervous system neurones; The use of linezolid, an oxazolidinone to treat Gram-positive bacteria infections that are resistant to standard antibiotics is accompanied by peripheral, central and optic neuropathies. The cellular mechanism(s) underlying these side effects is/are not known. This study examined the acute effects of linezolid and selected potent triazolyl- oxazolidinones on neuronal responses to determine their mechanism of action. Using in vitro slices of the rat nucleus accumbens (NAc) and hippocampus, we examined the effects of linezolid, PH027, PH036, PH084 and PH108 on synaptic transmission and postsynaptic responses recorded in voltage or current clamp mode. Bath application of PH084 and PH027 produced concentration-dependent suppression of evoked non-NMDA receptormediated excitatory postsynaptic currents (EPSCs). PH084 was the most potent in suppressing EPSC; 10 uM produce a depression of 36.9 ± 4.0% (n = 9). PH027 depressed the EPSC by 19.4 ± 4.0% (n = 5). PH036, PH108 and Lzd did not produce a significant suppression of the evoked EPSC. Similar depression was also observed on fast EPSCs recorded in the hippocampus. PH084 (10 uM) suppressed NMDA synaptic current by 43.7 ± 6.8% (n = 5) while PH027 (10 uM) also suppressed it by 15.1 ± 7.7% (n = 3). Furthermore, PH084 (10 uM) suppressed evoked IPSC by 25.4 ± 7.7% (n = 6) while PH027 (10 uM) suppressed it by 22.4 ± 3.6% (n = 4). The synaptic depressant effects were blocked by selective GABAB, α-adrenoceptor and D1-like dopamine receptor antagonists but not by an adenosine A1 receptor antagonist (28.0 ± 4.1%; n = 6). Thus, PH036 and PH108 and related analogs may be less neurotoxic. ER  - 
Idiopathic hyperkeratosis of nipple and areola; Hyperkeratosis of the nipple and areola is rarely reported in the literature. Various conditions have been implicated for its development, and cutaneous T-cell lymphoma can masquerade s its presentation. A 54-year-old woman was referred from the breast clinic with a 3-year history of progressive bilateral thickening involving skin of the nipples and areolae. A mammogram was normal. On examination there was rugosity andthe areolae seemed enlarged. The rest of the skin revealed no similar changes. Her past medical history included rheumatoid arthritis, hypothyroidism and depression. She was concerned s it was worsening although it was asymptomatic. A punchbiopsy was initially reported as a basal cell papilloma but in the light of history and clinical photographs, the histology was reviewed and further levels were done. It confirmed extensive hyperkeratosis, some follicular plugging and papillomatosis, and acanthosis giving the appearance of filiform architecture which has been described in hyperkeratosis of the nipple and areola. As she had not responded to emollients and 2% salicylic acid, Diprosalic® ointment (3% salicylic acid and betamethasone dipropionate 0.05%; Schering-Plough Ltd, Welwyn Garden City, U.K.) twice daily application was advised and within 6 weeks there was remarkable improvement. The left breast looked normal and only minimal residual changes were noted in the right breast. She was advised to use Epaderm® (Medlock Medical Ltd, Oldham, U.K.) as an emollient and remained clear for 6 months. Hyperkeratosis of the nipple and areola has been described as an extension of epidermal naevus in either sex affecting one of the breasts, in association with ichthyosis in both sexes but affecting both breasts, and a naevoid type predominantly in women in the second or third decade of life, usually unilateral. This condition can be seen in pregnancy and patients with acanthosis nigricans, Darier disease, ichthyosis, chronic eczema, and rarely in men receiving oestrogens for prostate carcinoma or on spironolactone. Verrucous thickening and brownish discoloration of the nipples and areolae which occurs predominantly in the second or third decade in female subjects and usually involving both breasts has been described as a distinct entity. Although our patient developed this much later in life, it would best fit with this description in the absence of any associated skin conditions and/or medications. A combination of topical steroids and salicylic acid can be added to the list of treatments already suggested for this condition which includes topical retinoic acid, topical calcipotriol, cryotherapy and carbon dioxide laser. ER  - 
Options and therapy limits in a case of severe psoriasis; Background: Psoriasis is a chronic disease with high incidence and prevalence and it has a great importance for public health due to the great social, economic and medical importance of this disease. Erythrodermic psoriasis is an extremely inflammatory type of psoriasis. Objectives: We would like to present options and therapy limits in a case of severe psoriasis. Methods: We present the case of a male, 42-years old, rural area, alcohol drinker, great smoker. From medical history we keep in mind the debut of psoriasis at 13 years old and from 2004 the patient is diagnosed with hepatitis C. The patient is hospitalized in our clinic after 2 weeks of the debut of this erythrodermic episode. Between 2001 and 2002 the patient presented few episodes of erythrodermia, in Italy, where the patient worked in construction field. In Italy was initiated the therapy with methotrexat. Patient, also, presented few episodes of depression. Topic and systemic therapy was inconstant and incomplete. General examination showed a patient with influenced state of health, extremely agitated, irritated, no medical compliance. Local clinical examination showed erythematous edematous skin associating continuously scaling. This scaling was accompanied by severe pain, itching, swelling. On the scalp patient presented continuously erythematous scales like a shell. Deep ulcerations, painful were on the hands and flexural areas; three important ulcerations on the abdomen, self-made, cover with purulent fluids. Paraclinical findings showed high level of white blood cells (= 22.610/mm3), high level of liver enzymes (ALT = 80U/L, AST = 62U/L, GGT = 411U/L), low level of blood iron (= 18 microg/dL). Patient also presented active hepatitis C. Results: We started the systemic treatment with medium doses of corti-costeroids (= 0.5 mg/kg c) and associated medication, antibiotics, antihis-taminic drugs, antidepressant drugs and local treatment with corticosteroids, calcipotriol, emollients. UVA was initiated at patient request but not tolerated. Conclusion: Erythrodermic psoriasis is characterized by long term evolution and frequent rebounds. Usually, for this type of psoriasis, the treatment includes methotrexat, cyclosporine, aromatic retinoizi, biological therapies, mycophenolat mophetil. The only suitable therapy for our patient was systemic corticosteroids. Medical evolution was slowly favorable because the patient did not respect the periodic evaluation, and the hepatic condition aggravated the disease, also, the depressant episodes were not controlled by appropriate drug therapy. The exitus of patient happened few days ago. ER  - 
Topical therapy influence on psychic and emotional state of patients with psoriasis; Background: We examined psychic and emotional conditions in patients with diagnosis of ''local psoriasis'' before and after therapy of topical glucocorticosteroids (GKS), containing calcipotriolum or salicylic acid. Objectives: Fifty-six patients were divided in two equivalent groups. Topical medicine of the first group was Daivobet (betamethasone + cal-cipotriolum). Patients of the second group got medicine that contained mometasoni fuorati and salicylic acid. Methods: Psychometric indicators before treatment were investigated by Dermatological Life Quality Index (DLQI) and Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS). DLQI points were high in all observations making up 11.3 ± 1.1 on averarage, testifying the significant decrease of patients quality of life. Depression scale of HADS showed 9.2 ± 0.4 average points that testified clinical symptoms of depression in 52% of patients. Results: Next investigation, carried out interatively two weeks later found significant difference in results between two groups of patients. First group treated with GKS and calcipotriolum (Daivobet), demonstrated 7.6 + 1.4 average points of DLQI, while the second group receiving GKS and salicylic acid (mometasoni fuorati and salicylic acid) demonstrated 9.8 + 1.6 points of wthis scale on average. Conclusion: We assosiated this with faster regress of rush and infiltration in patients applying calcipotriolum. ER  - 
A case report of intentional cevimeline ingestion; Background: Cevimeline (Evoxac®) is an oral muscarinic agent recently approved for the treatment of xerostomia in Sjogren's syndrome. Its toxicity in overdose has not been previously reported. We describe a patient who intentionally ingested approximately 10 mg/kg of cevimeline. Case description: A 47-year-old female presented to the ED nausea and vomiting. Her past medical history was significant for depression. She admitted to ingesting twenty 30 mg cevimeline tablets (10 mg/kg) 1 h prior to arrival to the ED. The patient obtained cevimeline from her friend. On presentation to the ED, her vital signs revealed a heart rate of 94 beats/ minute; blood pressure of 102/60 mmHg; respiratory rate of 20 breaths/minute; temperature 98.6; and a oxygen saturation on room air of 98%. She was somnolent, but arousable to voice and commands. She was extremely diaphoretic, but had no sialorrhea, lacrimation, or bladder or bowel incontinence. The patient's laboratories were significant only for a mild leukocytosis and hypokalemia. Her salicylic acid and acetaminophen levels were undetectable. In the ED, the patient received ondansetron and activated charcoal. She was admitted to telemetry, where she remained normotensive and never exhibited any dysrhythmias. Her symptoms fully resolved during her inpatient hospitalization. She did not exhibit any delayed effects of the ingestion. Discussion: Cevimeline is a quinuclidine derivative of acetylcholine that directly stimulates muscarinic M3 receptors in the salivary glands. It is currently indicated for the treatment of symptoms of dry mouth in patients with Sjogren's syndrome. The presentation of this patient is likely due to cevimeline's direct stimulation of M3 receptors located at effector organs of the parasympathetic system. Signs and symptoms of an acute intoxication may include vomiting, diarrhea and abdominal cramping due to increased peristalsis, bronchorrhea, wheezing, excessive salivation, sweating, and urinary incontinence. Bradycardia, hypotension, bronchospasm, and miosis have also been observed. Because cevimeline has specificity for M3 receptors on salivary glands, it is likely to exhibit fewer cardiac side effects, usually associated with M2 receptors. Conclusions: We describe the first documented cevimeline overdose. ER  - 
Multi-drug resistance and side-effects in a patient with Behc¸et's disease; Objective: to report the uveitis course in a multidrug-resistance patient with Behc¸et's disease. Case Report: a 22 year old male with BD (bilateral panuveitis, retinal vasculitis, oral ulcers, erythema nodosum, arthralgia, epididymitis) was treated from 1999 to 2007 with steroids (mean daily dose >20 mg/prednisone/day plus peribulbar injections as needed) and immunosuppressive drugs sequentially with the following results and drug-related side-effects: Cyclosporine A (5 mg/kg/day), unsuccessful, decrease of renal function and nephrolithiasis; Methotrexate (20 mg/week) alone or in combination with CyA or Azathioprine, unsuccessful, transaminases elevation; Interferon alpha (3-4.5 MU three times/week), severe depression with a suicide attempt; Chlorambucil, severe leucopenia requiring withdrawal; two brief courses of Infliximab (5 mg/kg/infusion) which were complicated by the onset of pulmonary tuberculosis (PPD and Chest X ray negative prior therapy), and by a pulmonary legionellosis, respectively one year apart; Azathioprine (1,5 mg/kg/day) and Mycofenolate mofetil (2 gr/day), unsuccessful. Despite these therapies during follow-up the patient showed multiple relapses of uveitis and of systemic BD related lesions, and he developed severe ostheoporosis with multiple vertebral fractures, bilateral cataract and steroid-associated glaucoma. Since 2007 he has been taking only prednisone and he is finally free from ocular uveitis and systemic symptoms. His final visual acuity is 9/10 in the right eye and counting fingers in the left one. Conclusion: Usually BD patients are responsive to immunosuppressive drugs, especially the newest ones (anti-TNF alpha). Nevertheless there is also a possibility of a multi-drug resistance as well as of a multiple drug-related side effects. ER  - 
Effects of eicosapentaenoic acid and fluoxetine on plasma cortisol, serum interleukin-1beta and interleukin-6 concentrations in patients with major depressive disorder; Treatment studies have suggested that omega-3 fatty acids (ω-3 FAs) as monotherapy or adjunctive treatment have therapeutic effects in depression. The authors recently reported a study in which fluoxetine and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), which is an omega-3 fatty acid, appeared to be equally effective in controlling depressive symptoms and their combination was superior to either of them alone. Regulation of hypothalamus-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis activity and reduction of inflammatory cytokines are among several biological mechanisms which potentially explain the impact of ω-3 FAs on depression. In the present study, plasma cortisol and serum interleukin-1beta (IL-1 β) and interleukin-6 (Il-6) were measured in patients with a diagnosis of major depressive disorder (MDD) participating in aforementioned trial to determine the effects of 8 weeks of treatment of depression with 1000 mg EPA alone or in combination with 20 mg fluoxetine on HPA axis activity and inflammatory cytokine production and compare the changes in these variables with those of treating with 20 mg fluoxetine alone. Forty-two patients were included in analysis. Two-way repeated measures analysis of variance (ANOVA) showed that plasma cortisol decreased significantly after 8 weeks of intervention without significant difference among the groups. There was no interaction between group and response to treatment over time in the cortisol response based on three-way ANOVA. Serum concentrations of IL-1β and IL-6 did not change significantly after intervention. In conclusion, EPA alone or in combination with fluoxetine, as well as fluoxetine alone decreased serum cortisol after 8 weeks of treatment in patients with major depression disorder (MDD) without any significant effect of response to treatment. Serum IL-1β and IL-6 did not change significantly after intervention. These findings suggest that EPA may exert its therapeutic effects through reduction of cortisol. © 2009.Elsevier Ireland Ltd. ER  - 
Progress in COX-2 inhibitors: A journey so far; The non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) are diverse group of compounds used for the treatment of inflammation, since the introduction of acetylsalicylic acid in 1899. Traditional (first generation) NSAIDs exert anti-inflammatory, analgesic, and antipyretic effects through the blockade of prostaglandin synthesis via non-selective inhibition of cyclooxygenase (COX-1 and COX-2) isozymes. Their use is associated with side effects such as gastrointestinal and renal toxicity. A number of selective (second generation) COX-2 inhibitors (rofecoxib, celecoxib, valdecoxib etc.) were developed as safer NSAIDs with improved gastric safety profile. Observation of increased cardiovascular risks in APPROVe (Adenomatous Polyp Prevention on Vioxx) study sent tremors and led to voluntary withdrawn of Vioxx (rofecoxib) by Merck from the market in September 2004 followed by Bextra (valdecoxib) in 2005 raising a question on the safety of selective COX-2 inhibitors. This leads to the belief that these effects are mechanism based and may be class effect. However, some studies suggested association of traditional NSAIDs with similar effects requiring a relook into the whole class of NSAIDs rather than simply victimizing the selective COX-2 inhibitors. Recognition of new avenues for selective COX-2 inhibitors such as cancer, Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease, schizophrenia, major depression, ischemic brain injury and diabetic peripheral nephropathy has kindled the interest in these compounds. This review highlights the various structural classes of selective COX-2 inhibitors developed during past seven years (2003-2009) with special emphasis on diaryl-hetero/carbo-cyclic class of compounds. Molecular modeling aspects are also briefly discussed. © 2010 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Development of a Web-based concept for Patients with ulcerative colitis and 5-aminosalicylic acid treatment; Background: Ulcerative colitis (UC) is a lifelong disease with increasing incidence. UC requires frequent outpatient clinic visits and continuous medical treatment. Web-based self-management in other chronic diseases influences disease course, and increases self-adherence, compliance and quality of life (QoL). Lack of easy access to inflammatory bowel disease clinics and patient education, their understanding of the importance of early treatment at relapse, poor compliance and self-adherence can be partly solved by a newly developed Web-based concept. AimS: To describe the development and validation of the Web-based 'Constant-Care' concept. Methods: A Web-based treatment program (www.constant-care.dk) and a Patient Educational Centre for UC Patients were developed. The feasibility and acceptance of the concept was validated before (group A) and 6 months after (group B) the start of a randomized controlled trial. Patients' level of disease-specific knowledge, QoL, anxiety and depression were evaluated. Results: Ten (group A) and 11 (group B) Patients fulfilling the diagnostic criteria of mild-to-moderate UC participated in the study. All Patients reported an ability to initiate self-treatment after the educational training (ET). A significant increase in knowledge from 36 to 69% (group A) and 28 to 75% (group B) was obtained. A majority of the Patients were satisfied with the ET. Patients' QoL, anxiety, depression and general well-being showed no difference after the ET. Conclusion: Patient education and training through a Web-based program (www.constant-care.dk) seems to be a feasible concept for increasing Patients' ability to self-initiate treatment and increase the level of disease-specific knowledge. Relevant adjustment of the concept was implemented. The final outcome of the 'Constant-Care' concept is pending. © 2010 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott. ER  - 
Combined catecholamine and indoleamine depletion following response to ECT; The mechanism of action of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in treating major depression is unknown. We studied two candidate mechanisms through inhibiting simultaneously the synthesis of noradrenaline and serotonin in patients immediately after successful treatment with ECT using a randomised, placebo-controlled, double-blind crossover design. There were no significant changes in depression scores under any experimental conditions, or between the amine-depleted and placebo groups despite reductions of 61% in serum homovanillic acid, 47% in 3-methoxy-4-hydroxyenylethyleneglycol, and 89% in serum tryptophan. Catecholamine and serotonin availability may not be necessary for maintaining the initial antidepressant response to ECT. ER  - 
Anesthetic management of emergency total gastrectomy in a patient with mitochondrial encephalomyopathy: A case of gastric perforation accompanied by systemic inflammatory response syndrome; There are several problems in anesthetic management for patients with mitochondrial myopathy, encephalopathy, lactic acidosis, and stroke-like episodes (MELAS) ; susceptibility to malignant hyperthermia, metabolic disorders such as lactic acidosis and diabetes, and dysfunction of vital organs such as cardiomyopathy. Here we report an anesthetic management of emergency laparotomy in a 58-year-old woman with MELAS and systemic inflammatory response syndrome (SIRS). Pre-operative examinations revealed lactic acidosis, hyperglycemia, moderate cardiac depression, and slightly decreased renal function. We chose total intravenous anesthesia to avoid risks of malignant hyperthermia. Anesthesia was induced by rapid-sequence fashion and maintained using midazolam, propofol, ketamine, fentanyl and vecuronium. Based on arterial blood gas analyses, we adjusted ventilator settings, restored blood volume using acetated-Ringer's solution and alubumin preparation with transfusion, and administered sodium bicarbonate and catecholamines, to keep adequate oxygen demand/supply balance and improve acid-base balance. We applied a patient warming system to avoid the progression of hypothermia. After the surgery, the patient was transferred to the intensive care unit, and underwent the endotoxin absorption therapy as well as antibiotics therapy for the treatment of SIRS. The post-operative course was almost uneventful. We consider that careful anesthetic management was essential for the uneventful peri-operative course of this patient. ER  - 
Discovery and development of endocannabinoid-hydrolyzing enzyme inhibitors; Fatty acid amide hydrolase (FAAH) and monoglyceride lipase (MGL) are hydrolytic enzymes which degrade the endogenous cannabinoids (endocannabinoids) N-arachidonoylethanolamine (anandamide, AEA) and 2- arachidonoylglycerol (2-AG), respectively. Endocannabinoids are an important class of lipid messenger molecules that are produced on demand in response to elevated intracellular calcium levels. They recognize and activate the cannabinoid CB1 and CB2 receptors, the molecular targets for Δ9-tetrahydrocannabinol (Δ9-THC) in marijuana evoking several beneficial therapeutic effects. However, in vivo the cannabimimetic effects of AEA and 2-AG remain weak owing to their rapid inactivation by FAAH and MGL, respectively. The inactivation of FAAH and MGL by specific enzyme inhibitors increases the levels of AEA and 2-AG, respectively, producing therapeutic effects such as pain relief and depression of anxiety. A variety of chemically diverse FAAH and MGL inhibitors have been developed and synthesized recently. Thus, this article reviews the scientific literature of various FAAH and MGL inhibitors presented during the past ten years. © 2010 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Lowered ω-3 PUFAs are related to major depression, but not to somatization syndrome; Background: Studies indicated a depletion of ω-3 fatty acid levels and an imbalance between ω-3 and ω-6 PUFAs in depressive patients. Depletion of ω-3 PUFAs may be related to the immune and serotonergic pathophysiologies of depression by alterations in membrane fluidity and modulation of membrane receptors, enzyme activities and carriers. Previous studies also found serotonergic and immunological disturbances in subjects with somatoform symptoms. Based on these findings we aimed to investigate PUFA concentrations and its relations to other biological systems in depressed patients and in patients with somatoform symptoms. Methods: We examined 150 subjects divided in 4 groups, i.e. somatization syndrome; depression; depression and somatization syndrome; controls. Blood samples were analyzed for fatty acids, markers of the serotonergic system and the immune system. Results: The study was able to replicate earlier findings in patients with depression (lowered ω-3 PUFAs, increased ω-6/ω-3 ratios in serum cholesteryl esters). The somatization syndrome group showed no abnormalities in the mentioned fatty acid levels. Only depressive patients revealed associations between fatty acids with serotonergic and immunological markers. Limitations: We used current state diagnoses, and the consideration of lifetime diagnoses and longitudinal studies could highlight further aspects of the reported results. Conclusions: The findings are further confirming that the concepts of depression and somatoform disorders should not be merged indiscriminately together, even though they often occur together. We conclude that in depression and somatoform syndrome different biological mechanisms seem to be involved. © 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Rosenroot (Rhodiola rosea): Traditional use, chemical composition, pharmacology and clinical efficacy; The aim of this review article was to summarize accumulated information related to chemical composition, pharmacological activity, traditional and official use of Rhodiola rosea L. in medicine. In total approximately 140 compounds were isolated from roots and rhizome - monoterpene alcohols and their glycosides, cyanogenic glycosides, aryl glycosides, phenylethanoids, phenylpropanoids and their glycosides, flavonoids, flavonlignans, proanthocyanidins and gallic acid derivatives. Studies on isolated organs, tissues, cells and enzymes have revealed that Rhodiola preparations exhibit adaptogenic effect including, neuroprotective, cardioprotectiv e, anti-fatigue, antidepressive, anxiolytic, nootropic, life-span increasing effects and CNS stimulating activity. A number of clinical trials demonstrate that repeated administration of R. rosea extract SHR-5 exerts an anti-fatigue effect that increases mental performance (particularly the ability to concentrate in healthy subjects), and reduces burnout in patients with fatigue syndrome. Encouraging results exist for the use of Rhodiola in mild to moderate depression, and generalized anxiety. Several mechanisms of action possibly contributing to the clinical effect have been identified for Rhodiola extracts. They include interactions with HPA-system (cortisol-reducing), protein kinases p-JNK, nitric oxide, and defense mechanism proteins (e.g. heat shock proteins Hsp 70 and FoxO/DAF-16). Lack of interaction with other drugs and adverse effects in the course of clinical trials make it potentially attractive for use as a safe medication. In conclusion, Rhodiola rosea has robust traditional and pharmacological evidence of use in fatigue, and emerging evidence supporting cognition and mood. © 2010 Elsevier GmbH. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Vegetarian diets are associated with healthy mood states: A cross-sectional study in Seventh Day Adventist adults; Background: The physical health status of vegetarians has been extensively reported, but there is limited research regarding the mental health status of vegetarians, particularly with regard to mood. Vegetarian diets exclude fish, the major dietary source of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), critical regulators of brain cell structure and function. Omnivorous diets low in EPA and DHA are linked to impaired mood states in observational and experimental studies. Methods: We examined associations between mood state and polyunsaturated fatty acid intake as a result of adherence to a vegetarian or omnivorous diet in a cross-sectional study of 138 healthy Seventh Day Adventist men and women residing in the Southwest. Participants completed a quantitative food frequency questionnaire, Depression Anxiety Stress Scale (DASS), and Profile of Mood States (POMS) questionnaires. Results: Vegetarians (VEG:n = 60) reported significantly less negative emotion than omnivores (OMN:n = 78) as measured by both mean total DASS and POMS scores (8.32 ± 0.88 vs 17.51 ± 1.88, p =.000 and 0.10 ± 1.99 vs 15.33 ± 3.10, p =.007, respectively). VEG reported significantly lower mean intakes of EPA (p <.001), DHA (p <.001), as well as the omega-6 fatty acid, arachidonic acid (AA; p <.001), and reported higher mean intakes of shorter-chain a-linolenic acid (p <.001) and linoleic acid (p <.001) than OMN. Mean total DASS and POMS scores were positively related to mean intakes of EPA (p < 0.05), DHA (p < 0.05), and AA (p < 0.05), and inversely related to intakes of ALA (p < 0.05), and LA (p < 0.05), indicating that participants with low intakes of EPA, DHA, and AA and high intakes of ALA and LA had better mood. Conclusions: The vegetarian diet profile does not appear to adversely affect mood despite low intake of long-chain omega-3 fatty acids. ER  - 
Pneumocystis pneumonia during conservative treatment of Cushing's syndrome: Description of two cases; The immunosuppressive effect of corticosteroids is well known. In some circumstances prophylactic antibiotic therapy is routinely used to lower the risk of opportunistic infections in immunocompromised patients with exogenous hypercortisolemia. The incidence of opportunistic infection in endogenous hypercortisolemia in Cushing's syndrome is 11-17%, correlating with degree of hypercotisolemia. Only several case reports have been published about pneumocystis pneumonia in Cushing's syndrome. Idea that pnemocystis pneumonia appears after decreasing hypercortisolemia with medical treatment is speculated. Two cases of severe pneumocystis pneumonia infection in severe Cushing's syndrome are described. The first, 60 years old woman with hypertension and hypokalemic alkalosis, who presented with plasma cortisol 3150 nmol/l (normal <650), ACTH 250 pg/ml (normal <50) and free urinary cortisol 13 630 nmol/l/24 h (normal <270). Dexamethasone suppression test (0.5 mg, 6 hourly for 48 h) was not completed for bowel perforation (initially no symptoms) incidentally founded during CT of abdomen. But no plasma cortisol suppression was present even at first day of test. Pituitary MR was negative and inferior petrosal sinus sampling excluded pituitary dependent Cushing syndrome. Treatment with etomidate and ketoconazole was started with rapid drop of plasma cortisol (1222 nmol/l), but it was complicated with severe pneumocystis pneumonia and sepsis. Antibiotics were used with good response. As no source of ACTH production has been found the patient was subjected to bilateral epinephrectomy. The second case was a 20 years old man with severe osteoporosis and respiratory failure with artificial ventilation in recent history. There was no suppression in plasma cortisol after dexamethasone test, central hypogonadism and pituitary adenoma on MRI. Treatment with ketoconazole and etomidate was also started before operation and depression in plasma cortisol was followed by severe pneumocystis pneumonia requiring artificial ventilation at ICU. Both severe infections appeared soon after treatment inauguration. Trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole prophylaxis seems to be reasonable during lowering plasma cortisol with steroidogenesis blocking drugs. ER  - 
Immune-tryptophan pathway interaction: Possible pathophysiological role in major depressive disorder; Background: The involvement of immune mechanism in psychiatric disorders was proposed in macrophage theories of depression and schizophrenia. Later, the involvement of the inflammatory related changes beyond the cytokines including the interaction between inflammatory response system and neurotransmitters was considered in pathophysiology of neuropsychiatric disorders. The neurodegeneration hypothesis of depression stressed the importance of imbalance between the pro- and anti-inflammatory cytokines that leads to another imbalance in neuroprotective kynurenic acid arm and neurodegenerative 3-hydroxykynurenine and quinolinic acid arm of the tryptophan catabolic pathway. Method: A series of studies on human plasma and CSF changes and their associations to clinical symptoms and response to treatment and certain SNPs polymorphisms were carried out. Some studies were also done in cell culture system and post mortem morphology. Results: It was observed that the neuroprotective, kynurenic acid was significantly lower and one of the neurodegenerative metabolites 3-hydroxykynurenine was significantly higher in the plasma of drug naïve depressed patients. The plasma kynurenic acid concentration and neuroprotective ratio gave clear discrimination between the patients and controls with reasonable sensitivity and the specificity. The CSF findings showed similar direction. The findings were also supported by the findings from SNPs polymorphism and post-mortem studies. Conclusion: The major depressive disorder is associated with imbalanced immune-metabolic-neurochemical systems. ER  - 
Antiinflammatory treatment approaches in major depression; Proinflammatory cytokines, such as IL-6, IL-1 and TNF-a appear to be elevated at least in the peripheral blood of depressed patients. Thus IDO activity may be enhanced in depressed patients through these cytokines. Although IL-6 does not directly act on IDO, its elevated levels in serum may contribute to IDO activation within the CNS by the stimulatory effect on PGE2, which acts as cofactor in the activation of IDO. This fits with a report on the correlation of increased in vitro IL-6 production with decreased tryptophan levels in depressed. Due to the increase of proinflammatory cytokines and PGE2 in some psychiatric patients, antiinflammatory treatment would be expected to show advantagous effects in schizophrenic and depressed patients. Cyclo-oxygenase-2 inhibitors have been evaluated in major depression. We were able to demonstrate a statistically significant therapeutic effect of the COX-2 inhibitor on depressive symptoms in a randomized double blind pilot add-on study using the selective COX-2 inhibitor celecoxib in MD. Another randomized double-blind study in fifty depressed patients suffering from MD also showed an statistically significant better outcome of the COX-2 inhibitor celecoxib plus fluoxetine compared to fluoxetine alone. Further therapeutic strategies based on immune-modulatory effects will be discussed, too. ER  - 
Impaired glucose tolerance, inflammation and malnutrition syndrome in older patients with a subclinical form of primary hypothyreoidism; Background and Aims: Primary hypothyreoidism (PH) is known disease which may add to the cardiovascular (CV) risk profile. We investigated whether a subclinical form of PH, more frequently distributed in population than a clinically developed disease, can also be detrimental to the CV disease development. Methods: Increased TSH hormone levels and situations with TSH hormone values within the upper half and fT4 hormone values within the lower half of the reference range were used as criteria for definition of a subclinical form of PH. We tested 70 patients, aged 55-74 years (median 68), without diabetes mellitus, on fT4 and TSH hormone levels and divided them in two groups according to these criteria. Differences in many clinical parameters were than tested between these two groups of patients, including: BMI, weist/hipp ratio, cognitive impairment, anxiety/depression, OGTT, HbA1c, insulin, lipids, serum total proteins, acute phase proteins, folic acid, vitamin B12, homocystein, prolactin and cortisol (median and 25-75% range and Mann-Whitney U test, p < 0.05). Results: We found a high proportion of 25.7% subjects with a subclinical form of PH. They were characterized with lower insulin levels, 14.95 (13.10-21.80) vs.19.30 (15.90-26.55) mIU/ml, p =0.039, higher OGTT 2h glucose levels, 6.30 (5.40-7.10) vs. 5.20 (4.10-6.30) mmol/L, p = 0.043, decreased serum albumin, 45.10 (41.70-46.50) vs. 46.80 (44.80-48.15) g/L, p = 0.042, decreased vitamin B12, 222.0 (198.0-297.0) vs. 237.0 (194.0-319.5), p = 0.048, and increased cortisol, 404, 65 (335.90-457.60) vs.337.50 (253.90-415.35), p = 0.038, in comparison with the controls. Conclusions: Impaired glucose tolerance, inflammation, malnutrition and neuroendocrine stress axis hyperactivity syndrome characterizes a subclinical form of PH. ER  - 
Open trial of the omega-3 fatty acid, eicosapentaenoic acid, in 10 patients with refractory epilepsy; Purpose: Animal studies suggest that omega-3 fatty acids have antiseizure properties, but the results of clinical trials with combinations of omega-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) have been inconclusive. Pure EPA without DHA appears to be more effective than combinations in studies of depression and schizophrenia. Here, we examine the effects of pure EPA in people with refractory epilepsy. Method: This open study included a 12 week prospective baseline and a 12 week treatment period, during which patients received 1000 mg EPA daily. Patients continued their routine AEDs throughout the trial. The total number of seizures for each week was recorded. Results: Ten patients (5 males) aged 23 to 75 with refractory focal seizures were included. All patients were taking between 1 to 4 AEDs. Median seizure frequency was 15 at baseline and 11 during treatment; 6 patients had fewer seizures with reductions of 12-59%. One patient with an increase in seizure frequency had reduced severity with seizures markedly shorter. Conclusion: This is the first report of the use of pure EPA in people with epilepsy. With the very small numbers of patients and the open design of the study, no definitive conclusions can be reached. However, 7 patients can be considered to have gained benefit; hence EPA does not appear to aggravate seizures and may have beneficial effects. Further trials are required with more patients and higher doses. ER  - 
Clinical correlates of anxiety in adult CF patients; Anxiety and depression are prevalent in patients with chronic illness, but there are limited data in adults with CF. This study draws on a sub-set of data collected for the UK arm of the International Depression & Anxiety Epidemiological Study (TIDES) together with additional clinical data. Our aim was to explore the relationship between clinical variables and anxiety in order to identify significant correlates with anxiety in adult CF patients. Methods: Data were collected from CF patients at the West Midlands Adult CF Centre using the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS) plus clinical data including age, sex, BMI, spirometry, history of haemoptysis. These variables were entered into the regression model. We intended to include use of IV antibiotics and recent diagnosis of diabetes as additional variables however, there was insufficient variability within our sample to conform to the requirements for regression analysis. Results: 139 patients took part (78 male), mean age 28 yrs, mean FEV1 64 predicted, mean BMI 22.7 kg/m2. 38.9% of participants had clinically significant anxiety scores. The distribution of variables was checked for assumptions for regression analysis. The significant variables were FEV1% predicted (poorer lung function associated with higher anxiety), BMI (higher BMI associated with higher anxiety) and haemoptysis (higher anxiety scores for those with recent haemoptysis). This regression model only accounted for 16.8% of variance in anxiety. Discussion: The association of poor lung function and recent haemoptysis with high anxiety is not surprising, however the relationship with higher BMI and anxiety is unexpected. ER  - 
Components of risk associated with home intravenous antibiotic therapy (H-IVAT) in the UK; Standards for intravenous antibiotic therapy (IVAT) in hospitals are robust, yet there is no consensus on best practice when IVAT is administered by lay caregivers at home. We are conducting a multi-centre study to assess the impact and safety of Home-IVAT for children with cystic fibrosis. This required the development of a tool to survey the range of risk. Methods: The risk tool was constructed with professionals and caregivers then piloted for its content, face validity, and acceptability using focus groups at different sites. It is hypothesised to predict outcomes for Home-IVAT: (i) caregiver mood, (ii) adverse drug events, and (iii) adherence. Findings: Data from 45 cases (25 males, 20 females) aged 2-14 years with FEV1% predicted of 28-113% [Mean(SD), 73.3(18.7)] at 16 sites are reported. The majority (87%) of caregivers delivered 2 antibiotics; in 82% one was an aminoglycoside; 31% conducted this procedure every 3 months; and, 38% of children had a peripheral cannula or long line. Aminoglycosides were mostly given once per day (60%), came ready prepared (69%) and delivered with an infusion device (61%). Other antibiotics were administered by bolus or syringe driver (76%), and given three times per day (77%). Some lay caregivers (9-11%) reconstituted these medications and 50% of the centres chose not to equip families with an anaphylaxis kit. After controlling for FEV1% predicted, not having an implantable venous access device was associated with caregiver depression [regression coefficient (B) = 4.18 (0.7,7.66), p = 0.025]. Conclusions: These findings will help CF teams to identify factors that impact negatively on families undertaking this complex health care task at home. ER  - 
Cytokines and depression; Cytokines have been related to depression by numerous studies. These have in general shown that cytokine function is impaired in the presence of depression. For example we have shown that hostility and severity of depressive symptoms, separately and jointly. Impair the capacity of blood monocytes to secrete an array of cytokines when stimulated by bacterial lipopolysaccharide (LPS). Higher Beck Depression Inventory scores were associated with greater expression of TNF-alpha (beta=0.042, p=0.02) and IL-8 (beta=0.045, p=0.04). This led us to study if Etanercept a TNF antagonist will improve depression. 618 patients with moderate to severe psoriasis received double-blind treatment with placebo or 50 mg twice-weekly Etanercept. The Hamilton rating scale for depression (Ham-D), the Beck depression inventory (BDI), were used to assess depression. Greater proportions of patients receiving etanercept had at least a 50% improvement in Ham-D or BDI at week 12 compared with the placebo group. Improvements in symptoms of depression were less correlated with objective measures of skin clearance or joint pain. Etanercept treatment might relieve symptoms of depression associated with chronic inflammatory disease. These studies suggest that further evaluation of cytokine based treatments is worthwhile. ER  - 
Phospholipase A2 and cyclo-oxygenase-2 polymorphisms, polyunsaturated fatty acid levels, and interferon-alpha-induced depression; Objective: Phospholipase A2 (PLA2) and cyclo-oxygenase 2 (COX2) are the two key enzymes in the metabolism of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), which in turn may play an important role in mechanisms underlying cytokine-induced depression and sickness behaviour. The hypothesis of this study is that genetic variations in PLA2 and COX2 would have effects on interferon-alpha-induced depression and somatic symptoms, as well as PUFA levels, in patients with hepatitis C viral (HCV) infection. Methods: Patients with chronic hepatitis C viral (HCV) infection (n=132) were assessed to examine the effects of single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) of COX2 and PLA2 genes on the development of depression and on the erythrocyte levels of three main PUFAs, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and arachidonic acid, during interferon-alpha therapy. A second “ replication” group of patients (n=82) with major depression was used to replicate the effects of genotypes on specific clusters of depressive symptoms. Results: 28% of participants developed interferon-alpha-induced depression. Participants with PLA2 BanI GG or COX2 rs4648308 AG genotypes had a higher risk of IFN-alpha-induced depression (odds ratio=3.1 and 3.5, respectively). The “ at risk ” PLA2 polymorphism was associated with lower EPA levels, and the “at risk ” COX2 polymorphism was associated with lower DHA and EPA levels, during IFN-alpha therapy. The PLA2 BanI GG was also associated with more somatic symptoms, both in patients with interferon-alpha-induced depression and the replication sample of patients with major depression. Conclusion: Genetic variations in the COX2 and PLA2 genes have effects on IFN-alpha-induced depression, possibly by affecting the levels of EPA and DHA. PLA2 genotypes is associated with somatic symptoms in depression, hence it may be a potential biomarker to understand clinical subtypes of depressive disorders. ER  - 
A nineteen year old female with fever and rash; LEARNING OBJECTIVE 1: Recognize the clinical presentation of the Drug Rash with Eosinophila and Systemic Symptoms (DRESS) syndrome LEARNING OBJECTIVE 2: CASE: A 19 year-old female with depression presented to her local emergency department with fever and rash four weeks after starting lamotrigine. Three weeks after initiation of the drug, she noted fevers followed by a pruritic rash on her chest and back. Lamotrigine was discontinued, but the fevers persisted and the rash continued to spread. Upon presentation, she was tachycardic with a temperature of 103 0F. Labs were notable for a white blood cell count of 13,000 cells/mm3 with 3% eosinophils, 20% bands, and many atypical lymphocytes. An abdominal CT scan showed retroperitoneal and inguinal lymphadenopathy, splenomegaly, and ascites. Blood cultures were drawn and Ceftriaxone was started. Four days later the patient was transferred to our institution. The patient arrived with an erythematous blanching maculopapular rash covering her face, neck, trunk, back, and all four extremities, but sparing her mucous membranes. She had significant facial and periorbital edema. She had a white blood cell count of 23,000 cells/ mm3 with 17% bands, 5% atypical lymphocytes and 10% eosinophils, transaminitis, and hyperbilirubinemia. Cerebrospinal fluid studies were normal. Heterophile, toxoplasma, human immunodeficiency virus, and autoimmune antibodies were negative, as were Epstein-Barr virus and cytomegalovirus viral loads. All blood cultures remained negative. Over the ensuing twelve hours, the patient became critically ill. A diagnosis of DRESS was made and intravenous methylprednisolone was started with clinical improvement. The methylprednisolone was subsequently tapered, and the patient was later discharged on a twelve week prednisone taper. DISCUSSION: DRESS syndrome is a rare drug reaction characterized by cutaneous eruptions, hematologic abnormalities, evidence of systemic inflammation, and visceral organ involvement. Proposed criteria define the syndrome as having a rash, eosinophilia or the presence of atypical lymphocytes, and evidence of systemic involvement defined as adenopathy >2 cm, hepatitis, interstitial nephritis, interstitial pneumonitis, or carditis-all following administration of a drug. It is most commonly seen in patients on aromatic anti-convulsants, but it is well described with lamotrigine as well as allopurinol, doxycycline, minocycline, and sulfa-based drugs. Younger adults are at increased risk of developing DRESS in response to lamotrigine, and the syndrome has been reported to occur anytime between 2 weeks and 6 months following initiation of the drug. As highlighted by this case, although DRESS is a drug reaction, the syndrome can worsen for weeks even after prompt discontinuation of the offending agent. It can progress to frank shock and is reported to have a 10-40% mortality. For severe cases, steroids and intravenous immunoglobulin have been used with success, usually with a slow and prolonged steroid taper to prevent disease relapse, although not all cases are steroid responsive. Early recognition and vigilant monitoring following withdrawal of the offending agent are critical to managing this often delayed and potentially fatal syndrome. As more patients are using anti-convulsants for a wide array of conditions, general internists will be in a position to recognize DRESS early and positively influence its clinical course. ER  - 
Managing the 3rd person in a geriatric interview; LEARNING OBJECTIVE 1: Demonstrate the presence of the 3rd party provides an additional challenge to geriatric patient care LEARNING OBJECTIVE 2: Reinforce elderly patients often present atypically with classic conditions CASE: A 71-y/o female with a chief complaint of one month of generalized malaise, presented to our clinic accompanied by her daughter. She denied fevers or chills, described low energy levels, fatigue, and decreased appetite. She admitted to occasional loose stools and intermittent abdominal pain. The pain was not associated with food intake or bowel movements and there were no particular exacerbating or alleviating factors. Her daughter stated that her mother's abdominal complaints had been present for a long time and were not her primary problem. Her daughter felt the patient was exaggerating her abdominal complaints and urged us to look elsewhere for a cause of her malaise. Physical exam revealed a pale woman in no acute distress. She was afebrile and normotensive. There was no lymphadenopathy; lungs and cardiac examination were unremarkable. Abdominal exam revealed a midline scar from her previous partial colectomy and a small hard area lateral to the scar there was no guarding or rebound tenderness on deep palpation. We drew a CBC, complete metabolic panel and TSH and collected a urine sample. We screened her for depression and urged her to consider talk therapy if her mood remained poor. We advised her to stay wellhydrated, and asked she follow-up the next week if she did not feel better. The following day her CBC revealed a leukocyte count of 28 with left shift. The patient was instructed to go to the ED. In the ED her exam remained unchanged, but abdominal CT scan revealed acute diverticulitis complicated by two abdominal abscesses. She was started on antibiotics and her abscesses were drained with pigtail catheters placed by interventional radiology. Her leukocytosis subsequently resolved and she was discharged home in good condition. DISCUSSION: We discuss this case because it is a near miss. Indeed, common diseases present uncommonly in the elderly, often with constitutional symptoms obscuring focal problems. Studies have shown that elderly patients are less likely than younger patients to present with acute chest pain when having heart attacks and are more likely to present atypically. Diverticulitis is well-established as a difficult diagnosis because of the low sensitivity and specificity of findings on physical exam and history alone. Evaluation of the geriatric patient may be further complicated by the presence of a third party. It's been estimated 15 - 20% of geriatric patients are accompanied by a caretaker. The presence of this individual can provide useful corroborative information. However, as in our case it can detract from a patient encounter and obscure a patient's chief complaint. In our situation we were influenced by the daughter to not pursue her abdominal symptoms more aggressively. The daughter downplayed the abdominal pain and encouraged us to focus elsewhere. Studies have shown assistance with the elderly is invaluable to their health. Often times they will not be able to maintain regular doctor's appointments without the assistance of others. It has been also noted as in our example that the presence of a 3rd party can obscure the process of history taking with caretakers often speaking over and interpreting the symptoms of the patient to the detriment of the patient. Here and as previously indicated in the literature an obtrusive caretaker may distract from obtaining an accurate history and physical thus politely asking them to leave the room during initial patient assessment may be beneficial. ER  - 
The case of the empty bottles; LEARNING OBJECTIVE 1: 1) Identify the clinical and laboratory findings consistent with toxic alcohol ingestion. LEARNING OBJECTIVE 2: 2) Differentiate between the 3 major types of toxic alcohol ingestion (ethylene glycol vs. methanol vs. isopropyl alcohol) using anion and osmolal gap calculations. CASE: A 62-year-old man with a history of alcohol abuse was discovered by his daughter unconscious in his apartment; three empty 100 cc bottles of rubbing alcohol (isopropyl alcohol) were at his side. In the ED, he was lethargic with a poor recall of events. Vitals signs were stable. Mild confusion was noted; otherwise the physical exam was normal. Since co-ingestion was possible, the patient was empirically treated with fomepizole and intravenous normal saline while laboratory tests were pending. The anion gap was mildly elevated at 17. The osmolal gap was 40, and the creatininewas 2.0mg/dL; an arterial blood gas demonstrated a mild metabolic alkalosis; and the urine toxicology screen was negative for ethanol but showed the presence of ketones. The EKG was within normal limits. The lack of a significant anion gap acidosis made co-ingestion of methanol and ethylene glycol unlikely, so fomepizolewas discontinued. The patient was followed for signs of alcohol withdrawal. His mental status improved and creatinine as well as the anion and osmolal gaps returned to normal without any further interventions. Mental health services were consulted to address the patient's alcohol abuse. DISCUSSION: Isopropyl alcohol is found in disinfectants, antifreeze, solvents, and comprises 70% of rubbing alcohol. Like ethanol, its ingestion results in CNS depression. Similar to the other toxic alcohols, ethylene glycol and methanol, it is toxic at low amounts with only 250 mL considered a lethal dose. The increased toxicity of these alcohols results from their metabolism by alcohol dehydrogenase to toxic metabolites. Isopropyl alcohol is converted to acetone, which can cause marked ketosis, but not a severemetabolic acidosis. Incontrast, ethylene glycol and methanol are both metabolized to carboxylic acids, which significantly increase the anion gap. Ethylene glycol is metabolized to glycolic and oxalic acid, of which the latter precipitates as calcium oxalate, leading to acute kidney injury and organ damage.Methanol ismetabolized to formaldehyde and formic acid, producing retinal damage. Early diagnosis and identification of causative agents can prevent irreversible organ damage. Arterial blood gas analysis should be performed and anion and osmolal gaps calculated. Mental status assessments and testing for common co-ingestions (ethanol, acetaminophen, salicylate) are essential. A defining characteristic of toxic alcohol ingestion is the presence of an osmolal gap resulting fromthe addition of uncharged and osmotically active alcoholmolecules to the plasma. The anion gap allows differentiation of the causative alcohols: isopropyl alcohol produces ketones but no acids, while ethylene glycol and methanol produce aldehydes and acids. Thus, only an osmolal gap is present in isopropyl alcohol poisoning, while both a significant anion gap acidosis and osmolal gap appear with ethylene glycol and methanol poisoning. Differentiation is important for treatment. Isopropyl alcohol ingestion is treated supportively, while ethylene glycol and methanol ingestions necessitate the use of fomepizole (a competitive inhibitor of alcohol dehydrogenase) to prevent formation of toxic metabolites, gastric decontamination, and management of metabolic acidosis. In summary, toxic alcohol intoxication should be considered and the causative agent identified in any patient presenting with an altered mental status and osmolal gap, as ingestion-specific treatments can prevent irreversible organ damage. ER  - 
A double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of celecoxib adjunctive treatment to fluoxetine in major depression; The pathophysiology of depression is associated with the hyperactivity of immune inflammatory responses. Cyclo-oxygenase-2 (COX-2) inhibitors such as celecoxib reduce the production of pro-inflammatory cytokines. The purpose of the present investigation was to assess the efficacy of celecoxib as an adjuvant agent in the treatment of major depression in a 6-week doubleblind, placebo controlled trial. Forty adult outpatients who met the DSM- IV-TR criteria for major depression participated in the trial. Patients had a baseline Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression score of at least 18. Patients were allocated in a random fashion, 20 to fluoxetine 40 mg day-1 plus celecoxib 400 mg day-1 (200 mg twice daily, morning and evening) and 20 to fluoxetine 40 mg day-1 plus placebo. Patients were assessed by a psychiatrist at baseline and 1, 2, 4 and 6 weeks after the medication was started. The protocol was approved by the Institutional Review Board (IRB) of Tehran University of Medical Sciences. The patients and their legally authorized representative provided informed consent in accordance with the procedures outlined by the local IRB. The trial was performed in accordance with the Declaration of Helsinki and subsequent revisions. A two-way repeated measures analysis of variance (time-treatment interaction) was used. The two groups as a between-subjects factor (group) and the five weekly measurements during treatment as the withinsubjects factor (time) were considered. Although both protocols significantly decreased the score for the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression over the trial period, the combination of fluoxetine and celecoxib showed a significant superiority over fluoxetine alone in the treatment of symptoms of major depression. The difference between the two treatments was significant as indicated by the effect of group, the between-subjects factor (d.f. = 1, F = 5.38, P = 0.026). The results of this study suggest that celecoxib may be an effective adjuvant agent in the management of patients with major depression and anti-inflammatory therapies should be further investigated. ER  - 
Lipid peroxidation and variation of antioxidant enzymes and vitamins in malaria infected pregnant women; Malaria infection is accompanied by increased production of Reactive Oxygen Species (ROS) that are produced both by the parasite and its host as well. This production of ROS leads to the induction of an oxidative stress on the host cells. In the other hand, pro-oxidants that are found among xenobiotics such as artemisinin and its derivatives and foods components potentially cause vascular damages to the host cell. These biochemical injuries caused by oxidative stress represent a key factor in the physiopathology of malaria. The measurement of the activity of antioxidant enzymes as well as the status of antioxidant vitamins may give the possibility of a specific prevention of malaria based on nutrition. The present investigation was therefore undertaken to determine the extend of lipid peroxidation and to investigate the alteration in antioxidant enzymes Superoxide dismutase (SOD) and Catalase as well as in some major antioxidant vitamins E and C in Plasmodium falciparum malaria infected pregnant women. Plasma Thiobarbituric acid reactive substances (TBARS) were quantified as malondialdehyde level to assess the degree of lipid peroxidation. Activities of antioxidants enzymes SOD and catalase were measured and the Total antioxidant capacity (TAC) was estimated to determine the status of the antioxidant vitamins E and C. Plasma MDA level was significantly increased in malaria patients compared to controls. Activities of antioxidant enzymes SOD and catalase as well as the antioxidant vitamins E and C were decreased significantly in malaria patients when compared to healthy controls. The general depression in antioxidant levels in malaria patients suggest that nutritional improvements of antioxidant capacities may be a therapeutic strategy to prevent the occurrence of oxidative stress and thus the severity of malaria and therefore, may help save some of the 2 million lives lost to malaria in sub-Saharan Africa every year. ER  - 
Dispnoea-etiology factors and treatment in patients with terminal diseases; Aim: Analize the etiology factors and treatment of dipnoea in a patients treated in Hospice-Sue Ryder -care in Macedonia in end of life. To show that dyspnoea in patients with terminal disiese is caused from many etiology factors, local and systematic, and is a bad prognosis symptom at the and of life. To show that is it the most difficult symptom for medical staff to improving the quality of life for the patients. Methodology: 150 patients were included. The following variables were studied: age, sex, kind of terminal disease, location of cancer, etiology factors of dipnoea and the best possible treatment to improve the quality of life of this patients. In our measuring scale, dispnoea is being measured with other common cancer symptoms, specialy emotional status. Results: The most patients were with cancer-88% (lung cancer-59%, lumphangitis carcinomatosis-12%, pleural effusion-9%, SVC obstruction-5%, radiation-induces pulmonary fibrosis-3%), 12% of the patients were patients with COPD and heart failure in terminal stage. Sumpomatic treatment included: oxygen if patient is hipoxic SaO2 < 90%,bronchodilatators, corticosteroids, antibiotics, diuretics, massage, aromatherapy, position,morphine oral or in nebulized form and in any cases lorazepam 1mg. sublingual. Conclusion: Patients with dispnoea died more frecuently in hospital or in hospice.The survival analisis identified patients without dipnoea had more life expentancy. Hypoxemic patients and thos who had low levels of haemoglobin showed higher probability to suffer dyspnoea. Ther is a cases in which opioids can relieve the dipnoea before respiratory depression occurs. Only in patients with severe ventilatory failure such as advanced COPD this therapeutic possibility is very narrow. It is very difficult for many professionals in our country to accept the use of opioids for dispnoea in terminal stage and it is barrier to good assessment of dyspnoea. ER  - 
Up- and down-modulation of liver cytochrome P450 activities and associated events in two murine malaria models; Background. The mechanisms by which malaria up and down-regulates CYP activities are not understood yet. It is also unclear whether CYP activities are modulated during non-lethal malaria infections. This study was undertaken to evaluate the time course of CYP alterations in lethal (Plasmodium berghei ANKA) and non-lethal (Plasmodium chabaudi chabaudi) murine malaria. Additionally, hypotheses on the association of CYP depression with enhanced nitric oxide (NO) production, and of CYP2a5 induction with endoplasmic reticulum dysfunction, enhanced haem metabolism and oxidative stress were examined as well. Methods. Female DBA-2 and C57BL/6 mice were infected with P.berghei ANKA or P. chabaudi and killed at different post-infection days. Infection was monitored by parasitaemia rates and clinical signs. NO levels were measured in the serum. Activities of CYP1a (ethoxyresorufin-O-deethylase), 2b (benzyloxyresorufin-O- debenzylase), 2a5 (coumarin-7-hydroxylase) and uridine-diphosphoglucuronyl- transferase (UGT) were determined in liver microsomes. Glutathione-S-transferase (GST) activity and concentrations of gluthatione (GSH) and thiobarbituric acid-reactive substances (TBARS) were determined in the liver. Levels of glucose-regulated protein 78 (GRP78) were evaluated by immunoblotting, while mRNAs of haemoxygenase-1 (HO-1) and inducible nitric oxide synthase (iNOS) were determined by quantitative RT-PCR. Results. Plasmodium berghei depressed CYP1a and 2b and induced 2a5 in DBA-2 mice. In P.berghei-infected C57BL/6 mice CYP activities remained unaltered. In both strains, GST and UGT were not affected by P.berghei. Plasmodium c. chabaudi depressed CYP1a and 2b and induced 2a5 activities on the day of peak parasitaemia or near this day. CYP2a5 induction was associated with over-expression of HO-1 and enhanced oxidative stress, but it was not associated with GRP78 induction, a marker of endoplasmic reticulum stress. Plasmodium chabaudi increased serum NO on days near the parasitaemia peak in both strains. Although not elevating serum NO, P.berghei enhanced iNOS mRNA expression in the liver. Conclusion. Down-regulation of CYP1a and 2b and induction of 2a5 occurred in lethal and non-lethal infections when parasitaemia rates were high. A contribution of NO for depression of CYP2b cannot be ruled out. Results were consistent with the view that CYP2a5 and HO-1 are concurrently up-regulated and suggested that CYP2a5 induction may occur in the absence of enhanced endoplasmic reticulum stress. © 2010 De-Oliveira et al. ER  - 
Low-dose aspirin therapy for cardiovascular prevention: Quantification and consequences of poor compliance or discontinuation; Long-term therapy with low-dose aspirin (acetylsalicylic acid; ASA), 75-325 mg, is highly effective for the secondary prevention of cardiovascular (CV) events. For high-CV-risk patients to attain the full benefits of this therapy, it is important that treatment is continuous and that good compliance is maintained over the long term. We aimed to quantify the level of, and investigate the reasons for, patient-driven non-compliance and treatment discontinuation among patients taking low-dose ASA for the prevention of CV events. We therefore performed a systematic search of the PubMed, Embase, and Cochrane databases using the terms 'aspirin' AND 'patient compliance' OR 'withdrawal', with no restrictions on the start date and up to July 2008. A total of 32 studies, summarizing >144800 patients, were selected from over 400 results for inclusion. Poor compliance (defined differently among the studies included) with low-dose ASA therapy ranged from approximately 10 to over 50, and patient-initiated discontinuation of therapy occurred in up to 30 of patients. Common predictors of both non-compliance and treatment discontinuation were lower education level, female sex, or a history of depression, diabetes mellitus, or cigarette smoking. Adverse events were cited as the reason for low-dose ASA discontinuation in almost 50 of patients. The findings of this review suggest that poor compliance is common among patients receiving low-dose ASA therapy, placing them at substantial risk of CV events. By addressing barriers to compliance with low-dose ASA therapy, healthcare professionals can improve CV risk management for such patients. © 2010 Adis Data Information BV. ER  - 
Mechanisms by Which Pharmacologic Agents May Contribute to Fatigue; Abstract: Fatigue is a common side effect of medications. This review summarizes some of the mechanisms by which drugs may cause fatigue. One major mechanism by which medications can cause fatigue is by central nervous system (CNS) depression. CNS depression can result from decreased excitatory activity, as is commonly seen with some anticholinergic agents, centrally acting α-agonists, and anticonvulsants. CNS depression can also result from increased inhibitory activity within the CNS, as is seen with benzodiazepines and barbiturates, which augment the effects of the inhibitory neurotransmitter, gamma-aminobutyric acid. Opioids also increase inhibitory CNS activity through their interactions with the various subtypes of opioid receptors. Acting outside of the CNS, medications may cause fatigue as a result of either a true or a functional anemia by a number of mechanisms. Bone marrow toxicity, which results in decreased hematopoiesis, is such a mechanism. This is commonly seen with antineoplastics agents, but can also be observed in association with a wide variety of medication classes, including anticonvulsants, antidepressants, and antimicrobial agents. Another way that medications can cause anemia is by increased red blood cell destruction, as is seen with immune hemolytic anemia. Additionally, medications may cause a functional anemia through alteration of the heme group within the hemoglobin molecule, as is seen in methemoglobinemia. Finally, many drugs, including placebos, cause fatigue by unknown mechanisms. In addition to causing fatigue, some medications may be used to help relieve fatigue, although this drug class is limited in number at this point in time. © 2010 American Academy of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation. ER  - 
Ischemic preconditioning attenuates morphological and biochemical changes in hepatic ischemia/reperfusion in rats; Objective: Ischemic preconditioning (IPC) has been gradually introduced into clinical liver surgery and transplantation in recent years. However, the protective effects of IPC on hepatic warm ischemia/reperfusion (I/R) injury and the potential mechanisms involved are not fully understood. We aimed to evaluate whether the reduction of apoptotic sinusoidal endothelial cells (SECs), induced by IPC, contributes to its protective effect. Methods: Male Wistar rats were randomized into three experimental groups: the continuous clamping group underwent 60 min of 70% hepatic ischemia; the IPC group received 10 min ischemia followed by 10 min reperfusion prior to ischemia, and the sham control (sham) underwent a sham operation without ischemia. Hepatocyte and SEC apoptosis, liver necrotic areas and the levels of alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), hyaluronic acid, tumor necrosis factor, myeloperoxidase (MPO) and malondialdehyde were determined. Expression of cysteine-aspartic acid protease-3 (caspase-3) in hepatocytes and SECs was also investigated. Furthermore, the hepatic leukocyte infiltration was assessed by intravital fluorescence microscopy. Results: IPC exhibited a significant alleviation of their postischemic liver function. Serum AST, ALT and tissue MPO were significantly decreased by IPC, and the degree of hepatocyte and SEC apoptosis was significantly inhibited, as shown by the decreased numbers of adherent leukocytes. Conclusions: IPC attenuates hepatic I/R injury by the reduction of leukocyte infiltration, the reduction hepatic enzymatic leakage and the depression of apoptotic cells. SECs are more sensitive to apoptosis induced by warm I/R injury compared to hepatocytes. © 2010 S. Karger AG. ER  - 
Reduced level of glutamic acid decarboxylase-67 kDa in the prefrontal cortex in major depression; Accumulating evidence suggests dysfunction of the gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) system in major depressive disorder (MDD). Neuroimaging studies consistently report reductions of cortical GABA in depressed patients. Our post-mortem analyses demonstrate a reduction in the density and size of GABAergic interneurons in the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) in MDD. The goal of this study was to test whether the level of glutamic acid decarboxylase (GAD), the GABA synthesizing enzyme, will also be reduced in the same cortical region in MDD. Levels of GAD-65 and GAD-67 proteins were investigated by Western blotting in samples from the DLPFC (BA 9) in 13 medication-free subjects with MDD, and 13 psychiatrically healthy controls. The overall amount of GAD-67 was significantly reduced (34%) in depressed subjects compared to matched controls. Since recent neuroimaging studies have demonstrated that antidepressants modulate GABA levels, additional experiments were performed to examine the levels of GAD in eight depressed subjects treated with antidepressant medications. Levels of GAD-67 were unchanged in these depressed subjects compared to their respective controls (n=8). The overall amounts of GAD-65 were similar in depressed subjects compared to matched controls, regardless of antidepressant medication. Reduced levels of GAD-67, which is localized to somata of GABA neurons, further support our observation of a decreased density of GABAergic neurons in the PFC in depression. It is likely that a decrease in GAD-67 accounts for the reduction in GABA levels revealed by neuroimaging studies. Moreover, our data support previous neuroimaging observations that antidepressant medication normalizes GABA deficits in depression. Copyright © CINP 2009. ER  - 
Serum hyaluronic acid levels do not explain morning stiffness in patients with fibromyalgia; To investigate the serum levels of hyaluronic acid (HA) in Korean female patients with fibromyalgia (FM) and correlate these levels with variables of disease severity including morning stiffness, we measured HA serum levels in 69 FM patients, 72 rheumatoid arthritis (RA) patients, and 71 healthy controls by enzyme-linked binding protein assay. The serum levels of HA in FM patients did not differ from those in the age-matched controls, whereas HA levels were significantly higher in RA patients than in FM patients and controls (both P<0.001). With a cut-off value of 75 ng/mL, the prevalence of seropositivity was higher in RA patients (59.7%) than in FM patients (26.1%) or controls (14.1%; both P<0.001). There were no differences in seropositivity between FM patients and controls, or between FM patients with severe symptoms and those with mild symptoms. The HA levels in FM patients were significantly correlated with age, age at diagnosis, age at symptom development, disease duration, symptom duration, and level of education. There were no correlations between HA levels and morning stiffness, tender point counts and scores, or Fibromyalgia Impact Questionnaire, State-Trait Anxiety Inventory, and Beck Depression Inventory scores. In our patients, the serum HA levels were not increased and did not reflect disease severity. These results suggest that serum HA is not a useful laboratory marker for diagnosis and assessment of FM. © 2010 Clinical Rheumatology. ER  - 
Association of fatty acid desaturase gene polymorphisms with blood lipid essential fatty acids and perinatal depression among canadian women: A pilot study; Aims: The FADS1/FADS2 gene cluster encodes Δ-5 and Δ-6 desaturase, rate-limiting enzymes in metabolism of linoleic (LA) to arachidonic (ARA) and α-linolenic to eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). Single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in FADS1/FADS2 contribute to variability in blood lipid fatty acids. Altered n-6 and n-3 fatty acids have been related to perinatal depression (PPD). Methods: We genotyped rs174553, rs99780, rs174575, and rs174583 in FADS1/FADS2, analyzed blood lipid fatty acids and assessed PPD risk as an Edinburgh Postnatal Depression Scale (EPDS) score ≥10 for 69 pregnant women. Results: 21, 12 and 15% women had an EPDS score ≥10 at 36 weeks' gestation, 2 and 6 months postpartum, respectively. Quantitative trait analysis showed an association between rs174575 and PPD risk at 36 weeks' gestation and 6 months postpartum. With haplotype ACCC (major alleles) for rs174553, rs99780, rs174575, rs174583, respectively, as reference, GTCT was positively associated with PPD risk at 36 weeks' gestation, p = 0.028, and higher LA and lower ARA in plasma (p = 0.0001, p < 0.0001) and RBC ethanolamine phospholipids (p = 0.007, p = 0.005). Conclusions: We show that SNPs in FADS1/FADS2 are associated with higher blood lipid LA and lower ARA and PPD risk. © 2010 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Stress, food, and inflammation: Psychoneuroimmunology and nutrition at the cutting edge; Inflammation is the common link among the leading causes of death. Mechanistic studies have shown how various dietary components can modulate key pathways to inflammation, including sympathetic activity, oxidative stress, transcription factor nuclear factor-κB activation, and proinflammatory cytokine production. Behavioral studies have demonstrated that stressful events and depression can also influence inflammation through these same processes. If the joint contributions of diet and behavior to inflammation were simply additive, they would be important. However, several far more intriguing interactive possibilities are discussed: stress influences food choices; stress can enhance maladaptive metabolic responses to unhealthy meals; and diet can affect mood as well as proinflammatory responses to stressors. Furthermore, because the vagus nerve innervates tissues involved in the digestion, absorption, and metabolism of nutrients, vagal activation can directly and profoundly influence metabolic responses to food, as well as inflammation; in turn, both depression and stress have well-documented negative effects on vagal activation, contributing to the lively interplay between the brain and the gut. As one example, omega-3 fatty acid intake can boost mood and vagal tone, dampen nuclear factor-κB activation and responses to endotoxin, and modulate the magnitude of inflammatory responses to stressors. A better understanding of how stressors, negative emotions, and unhealthy meals work together to enhance inflammation will benefit behavioral and nutritional research, as well as the broader biomedical community. © 2010 by the American Psychosomatic Society. ER  - 
Adolescents with major depressive disorder exhibit selective deficits in erythrocyte docosahexaenoic acid composition: Dissociation from antidepressant medication effects; Background: Omega-3 (n-3) fatty acid deficiency may contribute to the pathoaetiology of major depressive disorder (MDD). Adult patients with MDD exhibit deficits in erythrocyte n-3 fatty acids, including docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6n-3). However, it is not known whether MDD in adolescence is also associated with erythrocyte n-3 fatty acid deficits. Methods: Erythrocytes were collected from male and female adolescent (10-20 years) MDD patients (n=15) and healthy controls (n=18). Erythrocytes were also collected from rats following chronic (30 d) treatment with fluoxetine (FLX, 10 mg/kg/d) to evaluate potential confounding effects of chronic antidepressant exposure. Total erythrocyte fatty acid composition was determined by gas chromatography. Results: Adolescent MDD patients exhibited significantly lower erythrocyte DHA composition relative to healthy adolescent controls (-33%, p<0.0001), and DHA deficits were similar in male and female MDD patients. The n-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, 20:5n-3) and docosapentanoic acid (22:5n-3) did not differ between groups. The n-3 index (EPA+DHA) was significantly lower in MDD patients (-32%, p<0.0001). There were no group differences for any n-6 fatty acid, including arachidonic acid (AA, 20:4n-6), and the AA:EPA+DHA ratio was elevated in MDD patients (+30%, p<0.0001). Erythrocyte DHA deficits were similar in antidepressant-treated and drugfree MDD patients, and chronic FLX treatment, resulting in therapeuticallyrelevant plasma FLX and norfluoxetine concentrations, did not alter rat erythrocyte DHA composition. Conclusions: These data demonstrate that male and female adolescent MDD patients exhibit significant and selective erythrocyte DHA deficits, and suggest this DHA deficit is not altered following chronic antidepressant exposure. ER  - 
Clinical and health outcomes with etanercept vs. usual dmard therapy in an Asia-Pacific population; Aim: The Asia-Pacific study in Patients to be treated with Etanercept or an Alternative Listed DMARD (APPEAL) compared the efficacy and safety of etanercept (ETN) + methotrexate (MTX) vs. usual disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs (DMARD) + MTX in subjects with moderate-to-severe rheumatoid arthritis (RA). Methods: In this randomized, open-label, parallel-design, multicenter study, subjects (n = 300) with moderate-to-severe RA (DAS28 at least 3.2; mean disease duration 6.7 years; no bony erosion or positive rheumatoid factor required) and inadequate response to MTX (7.5-25 mg/wk) received ETN (25 mg twice weekly) + MTX (n = 197) or DMARD + MTX (n = 103). For DMARDs, investigators could choose sulfasalazine, hydroxychloroquine, or leflunomide; MTX was the same as their screening dose (mean 12.9 mg/wk). Various clinical and patient-reported outcomes were analyzed 16 weeks after treatment. Results: The American College of Rheumatology response (ACR-N) AUC (primary outcome) was significantly greater for the ETN + MTX group vs. the DMARD + MTX group at week 16 (mean difference - 145.3; P < 0.001). The Health Assessment Questionnaire improvement from baseline to week 16 was significantly greater (P < 0.05) with ETN + MTX (baseline: 1.37, week 16: 0.69) compared with DMARD + MTX (baseline: 1.41, week 16: 0.87). Other health outcomes improved more from baseline to week 16 in subjects receiving ETN + MTX vs. DMARD + MTX including the Short Form-36 Physical (P < 0.01) and Mental (P < 0.05); Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale for depression (P < 0.05) and anxiety (P < 0.05); and Work Productivity and Activity Impairment Questionnaire: General Health (WPAI : GH) activity impairment (P < 0.001) and WPAI : GH overall work impairment (P < 0.01). No new safety signals with ETN + MTX were reported. Conclusion: In this Asia-Pacific population of subjects with moderate-tosevere RA, ETN + MTX showed superior efficacy and improvements in patient-reported outcomes vs. usual DMARD + MTX regimens, with similar safety profiles. Thus, ETN may help address the unmet need for effective RA therapy in this region. ER  - 
A randomized, double-blind placebo-controlled study evaluating the efficacy of lovaza (Omega-3-acid-ethyl esters) compared to placebo for the treatment of depressive and anxiety symptoms in patients with breast cancer; OBJECTIVES: Depression in cancer patients has been associated with significant morbidity and devastating effects on quality of life. Evidence suggests a role for inflammation in the pathophysiology of cancer-depression. Anti-inflammatory effects of omega 3 FA are well documented and studies have reported beneficial effects of omega 3 FA on depression. In the present study, we plan to evaluate the efficacy of omega 3 FA compared to placebo to treat depression in patients with breast cancer. METHOD: This is a pilot, randomized, double-blind, placebo controlled study. Women, 18 years or older, with breast cancer are eligible if determined to experience clinically significant depression based on interview and Hospital Anxiety and Depression (HADS) depression subscale score ≥10. Patients are treated over a 12-week period with flexible dosing for lovaza (2-4 gms) and escitalopram (10-20 mg). Primary outcome measures include HADS and the Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) assessed every two weeks. RESULTS: We plan to enroll 95 patients over a two year period. Patients are being enrolled and are randomized into one of the three groups i.e. the lovaza (omega 3 FA) group [n = 38], the placebo [n = 38], and the antidepressant control, escitalopram, group [n = 19]. Samples (blood and serum) are being collected to measure cytokine and other markers of inflammation and salivay cortisol levels. Literature review supporting study hypotheses, study design, and preliminary findings will be presented. CONCLUSIONS: Evidence supporting anti-inflammatory effects of omega 3 FA and its role in the treatment of cancer-related depression will be discussed. Patient experiencing cancer are often unwilling to consider prescription antidepressants but are open to natural products such as omega 3-FA. To our knowledge, this is the first study evaluating the role of omega 3 FA in the treatment of depression in patients with cancer and is the first step towards larger, long term studies. ER  - 
Impact of psychiatric disorders on patients with Crohn's disease: An analysis based on a healthcare claims database; Objectives: To evaluate the risk of psychiatric disorders and the associated healthcare expenditures among patients with Crohn's disease (CD) using data from a United States healthcare claims database. Methods: Adult patients with CD (N=13655) were identified from the PharMetrics healthcare claims database using the ICD-9 code of 555.x. Patients had to be continuously diagnosed with CD in both years 2003 and 2004, and treated with systemic therapies including aminosalicylates, corticosteroids, immunomodulators, antibiotics, and biologic therapy (infliximab and adalimumab). Controls (N=54620) without CD were matched with CD cases in a 4:1 ratio by gender, age, region, and previous time-in-plan. Prevalence of psychiatric disorders and anti-psychiatric drug therapies in year 2004 were identified using ICD-9 codes or therapeutic class and Odds Ratios (OR) were estimated using the Mantel-Haenzel methods. The total annual (2004) healthcare expenditures including inpatient and outpatient visits, prescription drug and all other costs were accumulated and compared using an ANOVA on the van der Waerden normal transformed scores adjusted for age and gender. Results: 57.8% of CD patients were females, the mean age was 44.7 years, and 10% received biologic therapy. Compared with controls, patients with CD had a statistically significantly higher prevalence (p<0.001) of anxiety (9.0% vs. 4.8%, OR=1.9), depression (11.4% vs. 5.7%, OR=2.1), and delirium (0.5% vs. 0.1%, OR=4.6) and bipolar disorder (1.1% vs. 0.6, OR=1.8). There was no difference between CD patients and controls in the prevalence of dementia and schizophrenia (p>0.05). Compared with controls, a greater proportion of CD patients had been treated with antidepressants (2.4% vs. 0.90%, OR= 2.7), anxiolytics (1.9% vs. 0.8%, OR=2.6) or anti-psychotics (2.3% vs. 0.9%, OR=2.7). Patients with CD had higher total health care expenditures ($15,767) than controls ($4,046, p<0.001). Among the CD patients, those with any psychiatric disorders had a total healthcare expenditure of $26,244, as compared with $13,696 for those without psychiatric disorders (p<0.001). Conclusion: Patients with CD have a significantly higher prevalence of psychiatric disorders as compared with patients without CD. CD patients with psychiatric disorders have significantly higher healthcare care expenditures than those without such disorders. ER  - 
The risk of infectious complications associated with the use of immunosuppressive medications in elderly patients with inflammatory bowel disease; Background: The use of immunsuppressive agents (ISA) is associated with (a/w) significant adverse events,including infectious complications (IC) in IBD pts. In the TREAT registry (CGH 2006;4:621-630) age and prednisone use in IBD pts were a/w increased mortality and IC. The use of infliximab was suggested to be a/w an increased mortality rate in elderly pts treated for IBD (Gastroenterology 2004;126:19-31). 6-MP/azathioprine was well tolerated by the elderly in an uncontrolled trial (AJG 2009;14:1171). No studies were published comparing IC a/w the different immunosuppressive medications between elderly and young. Aim: To assess if age is an independent risk factor for prediction of IC in IBD pts exposed to ISA. Methods: We searched our electronic medical records to identify pts with CD/UC aged >17 between 2007-2009. Pts with cancer, immunodeficiency and exposure to ISA for other reasons were excluded. Data on demographics, IBD subtypes, co-morbidities, medication details and infections were collected and analyzed. Results: 48 pts with IBD and age >65 yrs and 162 pts with IBD and age <35 but >17 yrs were identified. The demographics, IBD subtypes, co-morbidities (e.g. DM, CHF, CAD, CKD/CRF, cirrhosis, obesity and depression) and IC are in Table 1. The ISA exposures for both groups are in Table 2. Elderly pts were 5 times more likely to have IC compared to young pts (OR=5.07, 95% CI 1.87-13.70, p=0.0014). Pts with co-morbidities were 8 times more likely to develop infections (OR= 8.60, 95% CI 3.06-24.18, p<0.0001)than pts without co-morbidities. 5% of young pts, 10% of elderly without co-morbidities, and 30% of elderly with co-morbidities had IC (p=0.0006). In the multivariable logistic regression model for risk of IC, age and co-morbidity were the only predictors a/w significant increase of IC. Sex, race, IBD subtype, CS/IMM/Bio exposure were not significantly a/w IC when comparing the two groups. Conclusion: There is an increased risk of IC in the elderly. Age and co-existing co-morbidities are independent risk factors for prediction of IC in IBD pts exposed to ISA. (Table presented). ER  - 
Economic burden of health care admissions related to chronic obstructive pulmonary disease exacerbations: Data from inpatient administrative database; RATIONALE: Exacerbations are the primary drivers of health care resources and costs in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). The purpose of this study was to estimate costs of COPD-related inpatient admissions (IP) and emergency department visits (ED). METHODS: Retrospective cross-sectional study using inpatient administrative data for 2008. Four cohorts were defined: a) ED only; b) hospital outpatient; c) standard IP admission; and d) severe IP (with/without intensive care unit (ICU)). Patients aged >40 years at time of admission were included with primary discharge diagnosis of COPD (ICD codes 491.xx, 492.xx, 496.xx). Outcomes of costs, LOS (episode level) and readmission rates (subject level) were analyzed for all available years of data to capture trends across the years. RESULTS: of COPD-related admissions (n=85,789) in 2008, 49.8% were standard IP, 28.7% for ED visits, 16.7% for hospital outpatient, and 4.8% for severe IP. Patients mean age 67 years (59% >65 years), and 56% female. Main comorbidities were cardiovascular (45%) and depression (17%). Average bed size was 361 and 30% of hospitals were hospitals with teaching status. Overall, average admission cost was $4,856 with length of stay (LOS) of 5 days for hospital admissions. The average costs per admission were: ED visit $647, outpatient $366, and standard IP admission $7,242. Mean costs of severe IP ($20,757; LOS=9 days) broken down into: ICU with intubation (n=838) $44,909; ICU without intubation (n=3,015) $13,203; and intubation but no ICU (n=289) $29,530. Average COPD and all-cause IP readmission rates (entire sample) within 60 days of the index admission were 5% and 13% respectively. Respiratory medications accounted for 35% of total pharmacy costs. Overall, medical costs (89%) accounted for majority of total costs for COPD-related admissions in 2008 compared to pharmacy costs (11%). While hospitalized, patients received: 44% short acting anticholinergics, 15% long acting anticholinergics, 17% combination inhaled steroid and long acting beta agonist, 65% oral steroids, and 55% antibiotics CONCLUSIONS: COPD exacerbations (ED and IP) result in substantial COPD-related health care costs. Majority of total costs for treating a COPD exacerbation are medical costs as opposed to medication costs. (Table presented). ER  - 
Pain is a common problem affecting clinical outcomes in adults with cystic fibrosis; RATIONALE: Cystic Fibrosis (CF) is the most common lethal inherited disease in Caucasians, with a current median survival of 37 years. As the CF population has aged, a number of chronic health problems have emerged, including diabetes mellitus and osteoporosis. Previous studies have suggested that pain is also common in CF. However, little is known about the factors associated with pain in CF, and its impact on clinical outcomes. We hypothesized that pain in CF is common, is associated with psychological distress, and adversely affects clinical outcomes. METHODS: Adults with CF were emailed and asked to complete an online survey. Of the137 patients contacted, 83 responded to the survey (61% response rate). The questionnaire included the Brief Pain Inventory, Pain Catastrophizing Scale, Cystic Fibrosis Questionnaire-Revised, Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale, and the Medical Outcomes Survey Sleep Questionnaire. Clinical outcomes, including acute pulmonary exacerbations, FEV1, and deaths were assessed through chart review for the 12 months following survey completion. Bivariate analyses were performed using Wilcoxon log rank tests, Kruskal Wallis tests, and Spearman correlations. Logistic regression models and Cox proportional hazard models were used to analyze clinical outcomes including exacerbations and death. RESULTS: The median age was 29.3 years (range 19-71) and 56.6% were female. The median FEV1 was 63.6% predicted (27.6 - 134.0%). The majority of patients reported pain within the last 30 days (82%) and many reported current pain (44.6%) and moderate-severe pain.(29%). This pain interfered with general activities (41.9%), mood (56.8%), and work (47.3%). The most common pain site was the head (63.5%) followed by sinuses (54.0%), back (50.0%), chest (45.9%), and abdomen (33.8%). FEV1 and gender were not significantly associated with the presence of pain, while there was a trend for patients with pain to be older (mean age 34.6 vs. 29.7 years, p=0.06). Depression and anxiety scores were significantly higher in patients with pain in the last 7 days (Depression=6.2 vs. 4.9 p=0.03; Anxiety 8.3 vs. 6.9, p=0.04). The risk for pulmonary exacerbations treated with intravenous antibiotics was increased in patients with higher levels of pain, after adjusting for FEV1 (OR=1.36, p=0.03). Five patients died during follow and the risk of death was higher in patients with higher average pain scores (HR=1.61, p=0.01). CONCLUSIONS: Pain is common in patients with CF, interferes with common activities and increases the risk of CF exacerbations and death. ER  - 
Occurrence and descriptors of severe copd exacerbations in the ECLIPSE cohort; INTRODUCTION: COPD exacerbations are associated with an increased risk of hospitalization. Our objective was to study the distribution and descriptors of COPD patients hospitalized for their exacerbation (=severe exacerbations) using one year follow-up data in the ECLIPSE cohort. METHOD: ECLIPSE is a 3-year observational study of COPD natural disease history (Vestbo et al ERJ 2008). Exacerbations were defined as a condition that required treatment with antibiotics (ATB) and/or oral corticosteroids (OC) (moderate exacerbation) and/or specific hospitalizations (severe exacerbation). This analysis utilises data collected during the first year of follow-up (Y1). Baseline subject characteristics were used to describe specific groups. RESULTS: 2,154 COPD patients were included in the analysis, of whom 14.5% experienced at least one severe exacerbation during Y1 (N=313). Most of these patients (8%) had only one hospitalization. Hospitalisation for exacerbation was associated with an increase in GOLD stage. Table 1 provides a comparison of selected descriptors in patients (1) without any exacerbations, (2) with at least one moderate exacerbation only and (3) with at least one hospitalised exacerbation. Patients with at least one severe exacerbation had lower BMI, worse lung function, walked less and had more emphysema. They experienced lower quality of life and reported more symptoms (respiratory symptoms, fatigue, depression). Their BODE score was significantly higher, but the age and current smoking prevalence were similar. Exacerbations in the 12 preceding months were substantially increased (p<0.001) in those with severe exacerbation (73%) as compared to patients with moderate exacerbation only (59%) or no exacerbation (28%). CONCLUSION: Patients with severe COPD exacerbations are more likely to have advanced disease, impaired quality of life and suffer with depression and fatigue. (Table presented). ER  - 
Paraneoplastic Raynaud's phenomenon in a breast cancer survivor; A 35-year-old woman with a history of breast cancer, treated 3 years ago with surgery, radiation, and chemotherapy presented with a rapid onset of severe Ray-naud's phenomenon. On physical examination, she had digital ulcers and splinter hemorrhages; there were no signs of an underlying rheumatic condition. Laboratory evaluation revealed anemia, the presence of antinuclear antibody and slight depression in her serum complement C3 level. The remainder of her serologic evaluation, including extractable nuclear antigens, anti-double-stranded DNA antibody, antiphospholipid antibodies, rheumatoid factor, anti-neutrophil cytoplasmic antibodies, cryoglobulins, and cold agglutins, were negative. Within weeks of her presentation, she developed acute renal failure and bilateral lower extremity edema. A computed tomography scan of her abdomen and pelvis showed bulky lymphadenopathy and hydronephrosis; a pelvic lymph node biopsy revealed meta-static breast cancer. She was initially managed with passive rewarming strategies, topical antibiotics, vasodilator and anti-platelet therapy, but had a negligible response. However, once she was started on chemotherapy for her recurrent malignancy, there was a significant improvement in her Raynaud's symptoms and resolution of her digital ulcers. © Springer-Verlag 2010. ER  - 
Targeting peroxynitrite driven nitroxidative stress with synzymes: A novel therapeutic approach in chronic pain management; Morphine sulfate and other opiate/narcotic analgesics are the most effective treatments for acute and chronic severe pain. However, their clinical utility is often hampered by the development of analgesic tolerance. This complex pathophysiological cycle contributes significantly to decreased quality of life in the growing population of subjects with chronic pain due to oversedation, reduced physical activity, respiratory depression, constipation, potential for addiction, and other side-effects. Accordingly, there is growing interest in new approaches that would maintain opiate efficacy during repetitive dosing without engendering tolerance or unacceptable side-effects. Considerable evidence implicates nitroxidative stress in the development of pain of several etiologies and importantly in opiate antinociceptive tolerance, caused by the presence of superoxide, O2-, (SO) nitric oxide, NO (NO) and more recently peroxynitrite, ONOO- or its conjugate acid ONOOH, (PN) that is the product of their interaction. To this end, several antioxidant synthetic enzymes (synzymes) have been developed to effectively prevent the formation of PN (superoxide dismutase mimetics, SODms) or to decompose PN once it is formed (PN decomposition catalysts). The objectives of this mini-review written on PN and morphine antinociceptive tolerance are to 1) summarize recent advances made in the development of novel synzymes as therapeutics, 2) discuss the importance of nitroxidative stress in opiate anatinociceptive tolerance and 3) argue that PN is a rational target for therapeutic intervention in pain management. These concepts provide a pharmacological basis for developing inhibitors of PN biosynthesis as novel non-narcotic analgesics, thus addressing a large and currently unmet medical need with major socioeconomic consequences. © 2009. ER  - 
Wormwood (Artemisia absinthium) suppresses tumour necrosis factor alpha and accelerates healing in patients with Crohn's disease - A controlled clinical trial; Suppression of tumour necrosis factor alpha (TNF-α) and other interleukins by wormwood (Artemisia absinthium) extracts were reported recently in in vitro studies. The aim of the present study was to find out if this effect can be also be observed in Crohn's Disease (CD) patients where TNF-α appears to play an important role. In a controlled trial, 10 randomly selected patients suffering from CD were given in addition to their basic CD therapy 3×750 mg dried powdered wormwood for 6 weeks. Ten patients, also randomly selected who met the inclusion criteria served as control group. Minimum score of 200 on Crohn's Disease Activity Index (CDAI) was required at baseline for inclusion in each group. Patients who received infliximab or similar were excluded from the trial. TNF-α level in serum were measured at baseline, and after three and six weeks. During this period all concomitant CD medications was maintained at the baseline dose levels. Average serum TNF-α level fell from 24.5±3.5 pg/ml at baseline to 8.0±2.5 pg/ml after six weeks. The corresponding levels in the control group were 25.7±4.6 (week 0), and 21.1±3.2 (week 6). On the clinical side, CDAI scores fell from 275±15 to below 175±12 in wormwood group with remission of symptoms in eight patients (CDAI score below 170 or reduction by 70 points), compared to only two in the placebo group (CDAI of placebo group 282±11 at baseline and 230±14 on week 6). IBDQ also reflected accelerated clinical response with wormwood. Of clinical significance were the findings that wormwood also improved mood of the CD patients, as reflected in Hamilton's Depression Scale. These findings provide a base to test wormwood in clinical conditions thought to be mediated by increased production of pro-inflammatory cytokines such as TNF-α. © 2009. ER  - 
Cancer pain: Mechanisms based personalized analgesia; The International Association for Study of Pain (IASP) has launched Global Year against Cancer Pain which runs from October 2008 through October 2009. Efforts are centred to educate health-care providers, governments and the public on the pain and suffering experienced by people with cancer [IASP Newsletter (4), December 2008]. More than 10 million people are diagnosed with cancer each year and it is estimated that by 2020 this would increase to 15 million new cases each year (Stewart & Kleihues, World Cancer Report, 2003). Cancer-associated pain can be present at any time during the course of the disease, but the frequency and intensity of cancer pain tend to increase with advancing stages of disease. Between 75 and 90% of patients with metastatic or advanced-stage cancer will experience significant cancer-induced pain (Meuser et al., 2001). Despite the increasing prevalence of cancer, improvement in the detection and treatment (aggressive chemotherapy) of most types of cancer has resulted in a significant increase in survival rates (Eduards et al., 2005). Given the increasing life span of cancer patients, new mechanism-based therapies need to be developed to reduce cancer-related pain. Until recently the management of cancer pain has been largely empirical (Mantyh, 2006a). The World Health Organisation (WHO) has promoted the three-step analgesic ladder as a framework for the rational use of analgesics in the treatment of cancer pain (Cancer Pain Relief. WHO, Geneva; 1986, 1996). Step I specifies the use of non-opioid analgesics (paracetamol, non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs) for the treatment of mild pain; step II recommends weak opioids (codeine, tramadol, etc) with or without nonopioids, for moderate pain; and step III comprises strong opioids with or without non-opioids for strong pain. If needed adjuvant drugs can be used at each step. Despite the general conclusion that the WHO method has been of enormous benefit for the treatment of cancer pain worldwide (Eisenberg et al., 2005) it has been shown that the rate of pain relief in patients with advanced cancer is as low as 50% (Murakawa et al., 2007). Although there are various reasons for this poor improvement of the rate of pain relief, the leading factors are inadequate (relatively low) doses of opioids used, the mechanisms of cancer pain and the genetic determinants of the patients (Riley et al., 2007). Both medical doctors and patients are concerned about the adverse effects of opioid and non-opioid analgesics chronically used. In the case of opioids major concerns are development of tolerance to analgesic activity and withdrawal reaction (physical dependence). With the development of tolerance the dose of opioid is increased in order to achieve analgesia which increases the risks of toxic/adverse (vomiting, constipation, somnolence, pruritus, myoclonus, delirium, blurred vision, etc.) effects from opioids. Long-term side effects are abnormal pain sensitivity, hypogonadism (testosterone or estrogen replacement needed) and immunosuppression. Increased pain sensitivity is observed not only during opioid withdrawal, but new evidence suggests that increased pain sensitivity can also occur during opioid administration. Interestingly, the cellular mechanisms of opioid-induced hyperalgesia have much in common with those of neuropathic pain and opioid tolerance, including glutamatergic mechanisms (Mao, J., 2008). Our results have suggested that NMDA antagonists or/and opioid rotation/switching might be useful to alleviate opioid-induced hyperalgesia (Vlaskovska et al., 1997). Recently a five-step pain and side effect ladder is proposed (Riley et al., 2007). The proposed 4th step involves“opioid switching” and includes both pain and side effects as criteria for switching analgesics. Interestingly 3 out of 4 factors predicting need to switch to other opioid are adverse effects of analgesics used. Finally, if switching opioids fails, it is proposed that the 5th and final step of WHO analgesic ladder should involve anaesthetic intervention. Different new formulations of opioids are introduced to cope breakthrough pain in cancer patients. Breakthrough pain is a transient flare-up pain superimposed on an otherwise stable pain pattern in patients treated with opioids. It is normally severe in intensity with a rapid onset and variable duration. Breakthrough pain is considered a negative prognostic factor (Mercadante, S., 2006). Patients with untreated breakthrough pain have greater levels of anxiety and depression and are less satisfied with their opioid therapy. Use of antidepressants and anxiolytics might be helpful. In order to optimize analgesic efficacy, to lower adverse effects and to optimize dosing, emphasis shifts to clinical genomics, gender/sex and psychosocial issues (Bernardes et al,. 2008), which play significant role in analgesic and adverse effects of opioids, non-opioid analgesics (NSAID) and psychotropic drugs (anticonvulsants, antidepressants, benzodiazepines) which are used to treat cancer pain. Experimental and clinical data showed that expression polymorphism in CYP2D6 (codeine, tramadol, 5-HT3 antagonists, tricyclic antidepressants, etc.), CYP2C19 (diazepam, omeprazole) and CYP2C9 (NSAID, warfarin) could result in lack or decreased analgesic activity, sedation or increased risk of gastrointestinal bleeding (Gardiner &Begg, 2006). The A118G polymorphism of the l-opioid receptor has been shown to change the analgesic potency of morphine and morphine-6 glucorunide. The analgesic and toxic doses of opioids differ significantly in patients with polymorphism of the enzyme COMT and melanocortine receptors (MC1R) (Reyes-Gibby et al., 2007). It should be also stressed that experimental, clinical and epidemiological studies have shown that women experience and report experiencing more pain than men. Women suffer more from migraine, rheumatoid arthritis and visceral pains from non-sex specific organs that share at least part of their central sensory projection with the reproductive area like irritable bowel syndrome, pain from the urinary system etc. The analgesic effect of k-agonists is much stronger in women with two inactive variance ofMC1R allele. Sex steroid hormones influence not only the sensitivity of peripheral sensory neurons but also development of central sensitization or pain memory, stress, anxiety and motivation (Nashar et al., 2006). The role of sex steroid hormones is very important in cancer pain and analgesia, since hormone sensitive tumours are often treated with drugs affecting the levels of estradiol/testosterone. The primary goal of preclinical and clinical studies is to provide insight into the mechanisms that drive or mask cancer pain, the mechanisms by which anti-neoplastic agents induce peripheral neuropathy, as well as to study the specific mechanisms of visceral and bone (cancer) pain, the influence of sexual hormones and genetic variants on different types of pain and on the effects of analgesics used. Considering most of the factors mentioned medical doctors would be able to apply new mechanism-based analgesic therapies for alleviation of cancer pain. Cancer pain can arise from different processes, either by direct tumour infiltration/involvement, as a result of diagnostic or therapeutic surgical procedures (such as biopsies and resection), or as a side effect of toxicity related to therapies used to treat cancer (chemotherapy and radiation therapy). The pathophysiology of cancer pain comprises of various types of pain: nociceptive/inflammatory hyperalgesia (tumour infiltration, surgical procedures, inflammation etc), neuropathic pain (traumatic and toxic destructions of sensory nerves), visceral pain (colorectal or hollow tube sack organs distension) and psychogenic (disease progression and toxic effects of the tumour and anticancer drugs). Development of experimental models of cancer pain, revealed that tumour cells produce large amounts of PGs, endothelins, ATP, activating P2X3 purinoceptors as well as bradykinin, interleukins, epidermal growth factor, transforming growth factor etc. (Mantyh, P., 2006b), which activate specific receptors/ nociceptors. It is well known that PGs potentiate more than 40 fold the nociceptive and pro-inflammatory effects of the mentioned mediators. Several tumour cells and tumour-associated macrophages express high levels of COX2, which produce PGs involved not only in pain and inflammation, but also in tumour cell growth and metastasis, as they inhibit prostacyclin and angiogenesis. Therefore, COX2 inhibitors (celecoxib, etoricoxib, valdecoxib, parecoxib, lumiracoxib) might be successfully used not only as analgesics in bone and inflammatory pain, but also to suppress tumour growth and metastases. However, the same mechanism of action causes risks from thrombosis, which is a serious adverse effect of coxibes. Tumour cells become ischaemic and undergo apoptosis as the tumour burden exceeds its vascular supply, which results in local acidosis. The two major classes of acid-sensing channels expressed by nociceptors are TRPV1 and ASIC-3 and transmit pain due to low pH and heat. Tumour-induced release of protons and acidosis may be particularly important in the generation of bone cancer pain. Recent work has shown that osteoprotegerin and bisphosphonate, both of which are known to induce osteoclast apoptosis, are effective in decreasing osteoclast-induced bone cancer pain. TRPV1 and ASIC antagonists (AZD1386) are in phase II clinical trial and may be used to reduce bone cancer pain by blocking acid-sensitive channels. Interestingly the metabolite of paracetamol N-acetylphenolamine interacts with TRPV1 receptors, which might be connected to its analgesic activity. Another very important aspect of cancer pain is the mechanism of peripheral neuropathy induced by anticancer drugs and mechanisms of central sensitization due to tumour growth and destruction of the sensory nerves. Data are accumulating for the specific changes in DRG by paclitaxel and other anticancer drugs, which lead to typical neuropathic pain. In the cases of neuropathic changes, a better analgesic effect could be observed with pregabalin and other anticonvulsants that specifically block the overexpressed Na+ or Ca2+ channels in sensory ganglia. Tumour cells release high concentrations of ATP, which is a major sensory transmitter. We showed that purinergic transmission is involved in various mechanisms/types of cancer pain (visceral, inflammatory, and neuropathic). Nociceptors are densely supplied with P2X3 and P2X2/3 receptors activated by ATP, which is released from the cells due to damage, inflammation, hypoxia or distension/constriction. ATP can also be released from sympathetic nerves, endothelia and tumour cells. In the spinal cord the receptors are localized presynaptically, which activation by ATP released upon the incoming peripheral noxious stimulation facilitates glutamate release or postsynaptically secondary sensory neurons, which evoked excitation. Spinal interneurons releasing ATP as a fast transmitter co-secrete the inhibitory transmitter GABA and vice versa - GABA releasing interneurons co-secrete ATP, which suggests that spinal GABAergic interneurons could be source of synaptic ATP. P2X3 receptors contribute to heat induced pain as they are co-localized with vanilloid TPVR1 receptors. Acute pain It is known that exogenous administration of P2X agonists evokes acute nocifensive responses. However, the release of ATP and activation of P2X3 and P2X2/3 receptors play a secondary role in the physiological nociception where other algogenic substances are more important for the induction of acute pain. It is plausible to speculate that P2X3 receptors contribute substantially to the acute pain induced by tissue damage, which is often the case in cancer pain. Inflammatory pain The sensitivity of P2X receptors augments in the presence of inflammatory mediators (PGE2, bradykinin, substance P, histamine, 5-HT) and/or tissue acidosis and vice versa the inflammation is intensified by ATP. Visceral pain: The submucous plexuses of most visceral organs contain P2X3 and P2X2/3 positive afferents. During distension of the wall of tube or sack viscera ATP is secreted from epithelial cells and diffusing in the vicinity may activate the purinergic receptors of low threshold intrinsic sensory nerves thus contributing to peristaltic reflexes. If excessive distension occurs higher amount of ATP is released from epithelial cells, which activates P2X3 and P2X2/3 receptors of high-threshold extrinsic sensory afferents thus exciting the pain related nerve structures (Vlaskovska et al., 2001). Interestingly Metamizole (analgin) was found to suppress sensory nerve firing upon distension of urinary bladder. These data showed that part of analgesic activity of Metamizol in visceral pain due to distension (tumour, gall bladder stones, etc) might be due to interference with purinergic receptors. Neuropathic pain: P2X3 and P2X2/3 receptors up-regulation, resulting in hypersensitivity at the site of nerve injury, is a likely component of the multi-etiological pathogenic mechanisms of neuropathic pain. Another purinergic component of neuropathic pain pathogenesis could be the co-release of ATP from postganglionic sympathetic neurons of dorsal root ganglia. Pharmacological basis for analgesic drug development: The ubiquity of purinergic transmission and the major role of P2X purinoceptors in nociception necessitate the development of selective P2X antagonists. The invention of potent, non-toxic P2X3 antagonists would pave the way for development of new analgesic drugs. However, this mission is not jet completed. Advancement has been made recently with the introduction of 2, 3′-O-(2′, 4′ 6′)-trinitrophenyl-ATP (TNP-ATP) and pyridoxal-phosphate- 6-azophenyl-2′, 4′-disulphonate (PPADS) as specific antagonists of P2X3 and P2X1 receptors and 8, 8′-[carbonyl-bis-(imino-3, 1-phenylene-carbonylimino)-bis-(1, 3, 5-naphthalenetrisulfonic acid)] (NF023) as specific antagonist of P2X1 receptors. Together with nicotinic acetylcholinergic and glutamatergic receptor superfamilies P2X purinergic receptors are the third class of ligand-gated ion channels. Local anesthetics, dizolcipine, phencyclidine, d-tubocurarine and other ion channel blockers could be useful for design of specific P2X antagonists with therapeutic potential. Acknowledgments: The investigations were supported by the Medical University Sofia and the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences. ER  - 
The role of omega-3 fatty acids in the prevention and treatment of the common mental disorders; Linoleic acid (LA) and alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) are essential longchain polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs). They are utilised endogenously to create the omega-6 PUFAs, arachidonic acid (AA) and docosapentaenoic acid (DPA), and the n-3 PUFAs, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) respectively. These essential fatty acids, particularly DHA, are the predominant structural fatty acid in the grey matter of the brain, and are concentrated in synaptic neuronal membranes. This series of fatty acids is termed essential as they cannot be manufactured endogenously, and must be consumed in the diet. Dietary sources of long-chain n-3 PUFAs include plants, fish and red meat. Fish and redmeat are themajor sources of EPA and DHA,whereas ALA is largely derived from plant foods such as nuts, seeds, vegetables, legumes, grains and canola oil. Inwestern diets over the last century, the intake of omega-6 PUFAs has markedly increased, while that of n-3 has decreased. Several lines of both observational and experimental evidence indicate that a relationship exists between n-3 PUFA insufficiency and depression. In this presentation, we will review the evidence from clinical studies examining the associations between levels of n-3 PUFAs in serum and tissue and the major psychiatric disorders, as well as the evidence from recent intervention studies utilising n3 PUFAs in the prevention and treatment of psychiatric illnesses. We will also present novel data examining the relationships between the dietary consumption of these fatty acids and the common mental disorders in randomly selected men and women from the Australian population, and will discuss mechanisms of association and interaction, the limitations and obstacles in this field of research, and recommendations for future research in this area. ER  - 
Omega-3 fatty acid augmentation in adolescents with familial bipolar disorder; OBJECTIVES: This 16-week placebo controlled randomized trial conducted to examine safety, tolerability and efficacy of omega-3 fatty acid treatment in adolescents with bipolar disorder. METHODS AND POPULATION: Patients were included in the study if they were 12-18 years of age, met DSM-IV criteria for a diagnosis of bipolar disorder. The patients were randomized to treatment arm or placebo treatment arm (olive oil ethyl esters) in a 1:1 ratio. The patients received total daily dose of (Omega-3 fatty acid Tri Epa brand) 600 mg of eicosapentaenoic acid, 340 g of docosahexanoic acid, 96 mg gamma-linoleic acid, (Omega-3 fatty acid:Tri Epa brand) or placebo. The safety, tolerability and efficacy measures obtained weekly. RESULTS: The CDRS-R scores were lower in the treatment group at the study end point (p<0.003; df=48). The OFA compound used was generally well tolerated, with mild to moderate side effects. SIGNIFICANCE OF STUDY: OFA treatment may be a safe and effective augmentation strategy for the depressive symptoms of pediatric bipolar patients. ER  - 
Responsiveness of the evaluating ankylosing spondylitis quality of life (EASI-QOL) questionnaire; Background: The EASiQoL is a measure of quality of life reflecting outcomes identified as important by ankylosing spondylitis (AS) patients. It is reliable and valid in a UK population. To be useful in routine practice or trials, a measure should also be able to reflect any changes in individual's health (responsiveness). This study compares the responsiveness of the EASiQoL with other measures commonly used in AS patients; evaluating how these measures assess improvement in patients with normal variation in disease activity and in patients following DMARD/biologic initiation. Methods: 1000 AS patients from 10 UK secondary care rheumatology centres were sent a postal questionnaire including the EASiQoL at 0 and 6 months. The EASiQoL has 20 items and four domains: disease activity, physical function, social participation and emotional wellbeing. The responsiveness of the EASiQoL index and each domain were compared with: AS Quality of Life measure (ASQoL), Bath AS Disease Activity Index (BASDAI), Bath AS Functional Index (BASFI), Short Form 36 (SF-36) physical function, social function and mental health subscales and Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS). Self-reported disease transition was assessed at 6 months with patients reporting no change, deterioration or improvement in ASrelated health. Study 2: a separate cohort of 44 AS patients participating in a randomized trial of etanercept 50mg weekly (ETN) versus sulphasalazine 2 g daily (SSZ) completed the EASiQoL and ASQoL at baseline and after 38 weeks of treatment. Responsiveness was assessed using effect size. Effect sizes over 0.5 are regarded as moderate and over 0.8 as high. Results: Study 1: 612 (64%) patients completed the baseline postal questionnaire (71.6% male; mean age 50.8 (S.D. 12.2) yrs; mean disease duration 17.3 (S.D. 11.7) yrs). The Table shows the effect sizes in patients experiencing an improvement in health at 6 months. Study 2: 23/29 patients on ETN and 12/19 patients on SSZ completed all questionnaires. Responsiveness for the EASiQol ranged from 1.4 (emotional well-being) to 2.8 (disease activity) for the ETN group and from 0.6 to 0.9 for the SSZ group. The EASiQoL total score was more responsive than the AsQoL for the ETN group (2.3 vs. 1.7) and of equal responsiveness for the SSZ group (both 0.8). Conclusions: The EASiQoL index score and the individual domains have comparable or superior responsiveness to treatment in a clinical trial of ETN and SSZ and in patients reporting improvement in their AS after 6 months, than other more established measures currently used in AS. The EASiQoL is recommended for use in evaluative research in AS, including clinical trials. (Table Presented). ER  - 
Effects of α-Linolenic Acid (ALA) Versus Eicosapentaenoic Acid (EPA) and Docosahexaenoic Acid (DHA) on mood status in healthy adults; Study Objective: There is mounting evidence associating intake of n-3 essential fatty acids ALA, EPA and DHA with mood states. This study aims to compare the effects of flaxseed oil, a terrestrial source of the n-3 ALA versus algae oil, a marine source of EPA/DHA (V-Pure) on mood status in healthy adults. Methods: We performed a randomized cross-over feeding study (three 8-week dietary study periods) in 24 healthy adults. Subjects consumed three eucaloric diets Control, flaxseed oil (6-7g of ALA/2400 kcal/d) and algae (0.20/0.72g EPA/DHA per 2400 kcal/d). Mood state was assessed by two self-rating questionnaires: Profile of Mood States (POMS) and Depression Anxiety and Stress Scale (DASS) administered at the end of each study period. Results: Compared with control, the flaxseed diet exhibited a tendency to decrease POMS and DASS depression scores by 14% and 39% respectively. Algae diet tended to raise depression scores by 31% and 33% respectively (all p>0.05). Similar trends were observed for stress scores while scores for vigor were reversed for the diets. Conclusions: Longer studies are needed to test the effects of diet enriched with ALA and/or EPA/DHA on mood states which may clarify the tendencies observed during our short term study. ER  - 
Doxorubicin induced diaphragm muscle weakness is mediated through TNFR1 signaling; Cancer patients who receive doxorubicin, a common chemotherapy drug, exhibit decreased maximal inspiratory pressures. This decrement suggests diaphragm weakness, which may cause dyspnea and exercise intolerance. Previous data from our laboratory shows that doxorubicin-induced limb muscle weakness involves TNF/TNFR1 signaling, leading us to hypothesize that doxorubicin causes diaphragm muscle dysfunction through TNF/TNFR1 signaling. We injected C57BL/6 male mice intravenously with doxorubicin (20 mg/kg), a dose equivalent to chemotherapy given to lung cancer patients. Diaphragm bundles were excised three days post injection. Compared to controls, doxorubicin lowered maximal force in the diaphragm by 23 ±; 4 % (mean ±; SE; n= 11, p<0.05). TNFR1 receptor-deficient mice injected with doxorubicin (20 mg/kg) were protected against the depression in specific force (TNFR1; dox: 21 ±; 2 N/cm2, control: 22 ±; 1; n= 8/group). We tested whether a clinically available anti-TNF drug, etanercept, could prevent diaphragm weakness. Mice were injected with etanercept (5 mg/kg), a soluble TNF receptor, in combination with doxorubicin (20 mg/kg). Etanercept prevented the depression in force caused by doxorubicin (etanercept + dox: 22 ±; 2 N/cm2, dox: 16 ±; 1; n= 5/group). Our data shows that doxorubicin causes diaphragm muscle weakness, an effect mediated through TNF/TNFR1 signaling. ER  - 
Characterization of a novel Ca2+-activated Cl channel activator; Nelumbinis Semen is a traditional medicine that has been used for hundreds of years in East-Asia. Nelumbinis Semen is used to treat insomnia, anxiety and women's post-menstrual-pause depression. In this study, the signal transduction mechanism of Nelumbinis Semen was investigated in Xenopus oocytes using two-electrode voltage-clamp technique. Nelumbinis Semen produced a large outward current at membrane potentials more positive than -20 mV when it was applied to the exterior of oocytes, but not when injected intracellularly. The effect of Nelumbinis Semen was concentration-dependent and reversible. The effect of Nelumbinis Semen was completely blocked by bath application of the Ca2+-activated Cl- channel blocker niflumic acid and by intracellular injection of the calcium chelator BAPTA or the IP3 receptor antagonist heparin. Moreover, the effect was partially blocked by bath-applied U-73122, a phospholipase C (PLC) inhibitor and by intracellularly injected GTPγS, a non-hydrolyzable GTP analogue. Whereas, it was not altered by pertussin toxin (PTX) pretreatment. These results indicate that interaction of Nelumbinis Semen with membrane component at the extracellular side leads to Ca2+-activated Cl channel opening and this process involves PLC activation, the release of Ca2+ from the IP3-sensitive intracellular store and PTX-insensitive G protein activation. ER  - 
Count not on charcot: Atypical presentation of cholangitis in an older adult; Background:The French neurologist Jean M. Charcot characterized acute cholangitis, infection of the biliary tract, as a triad of fever, abdominal pain, and jaundice. Up to 70% of adults with acute cholangitis manifest the complete triad.We report a case of an older adult with an atypical presentation of acute cholangitis. Case: An 88 year-old woman presented to an urgent care facility with one month of right hip pain. Past medical history included chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, hypertension, prior left hip fracture, and depression. Her medications were mirtazapine, amitriptyline, albuterol, and ipratropium. She reported that the hip pain started radiating to her abdomen over the past two days. Vital signs were: temp 97.8°F, pulse 88 and blood pressure 125/77 mmHg. She remained alert and oriented. On exam, she had scleral icterus and mild right upper quadrant tenderness. Laboratory results revealed WBC of 34.2 K/cumm, total bilirubin of 4.2 mg/dL, AST 88 U/L,ALT 107 U/L, lipase 34 U/L, lactic acid 0.6 meq/L and bilirubinuria. Abdominal ultrasound demonstrated choledocholitihiasis, common bile duct diameter of 1.9cm, pericholecystic fluid, and ultrasonographic Murphy's sign. Antibiotics and supportive care were initiated. Endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography provided definitive management. Discussion: Charcot's triad is only seen in 12% of patients with acute cholangitis who are over 75 years of age. Jaundice is the most common presenting sign of colangitis in this age group, seen in 51% of patients with gallstone etiology and 91% of those with malignancy as the cause of biliary obstruction. This case exemplifies the atypical presentation of cholangitis in older adults. Given the significant morbidity and mortality associated with acute cholangitis, jaundice in the elderly should prompt an emergent and thorough evaluation. ER  - 
Neurosyphilis: An unusual cause of dementia; Introduction: Rapidly progressive dementia with psychotic features should raise suspicion for an unusual cause. The authors report a case in which a patient initially thought to have Alzheimer's disease proved to have neurosyphilis. Case Presentation: 57-year-old, non-smoking woman with hypertension, hyperlipidemia and a family history of Alzheimer's disease (AD) presented with 2 years of rapidly progressing memory loss initially attributed to AD. She had some typical features including forgetfulness, confusion, lack of insight, poor judgment and planning. The unusual features included prominent auditory hallucinations, lancinating pains, and gait imbalance. Exam was remarkable for sensory ataxia, a wide-based gait, intention tremor, and a MMSE of 15. Her evaluation, including a head CT, was uninformative except for a reactive RPR with a titer of 1:2. Subsequently, she was found to have reactive treponema pallidum antibodies and a non-reactive CSF VDRL. Despite the mixed lab results, she was treated with IV penicillin for presumed neurosyphilis, in light of her rapid cognitive decline and clinical presentation. Discussion: Older patients have a high prevalence of neurological and psychiatric disorders but may also have latent syphilis or positive syphilis serology. Late neurosyphilis presents as forgetfulness, personality changes, psychosis, depression, tabes dorsalis, and/or intention tremors in 2-5% of cases, it progresses to a dementing illness and general paresis.All these “classic” features were seen in our patient, making a sole diagnosis ofAD unlikely.Although she had some findings consistent withAD, a diagnosis of neurosyphilis was likely, due to the constellation of neurologic findings, gait impairment,early age of onset and psychiatric problems.However,many patients lack the textbook features of tertiary neurosyphilis and the diagnosis is easily missed in these patients. Conclusion: Delays in diagnosing neurosyphilis are common as atypical presentations may mimic other neurodegenerative and psychiatric disorders. Neurosyphilis is rare but its sequelae are profound. Little is known about the impact of treating late stage disease with antibiotics; lumbar punctures and disclosure of STD exposure can be distressing. However, antibiotic treatment is low risk and may slow the cognitive decline. Therefore, geriatricians should consider the diagnosis especially if the course is rapid or there are prominent neuropsychiatric symptoms. ER  - 
Catatonia: Not just another “mental status change”; Introduction: Psychiatric and medical pathology often coincide, especially in elderly patients. It is important to differentiate the underlying etiology for acute changes in mental status, personality and personal care. Catatonia should be considered an independent diagnosis( separate from depression)in patients presenting with classic catatonic findings especially when other problems are effectively resolved. Case Report: 76-year-old female with past medical history of depression was admitted to adult psychiatry for complaints of self-neglect. She had not been eating, refusing medication and not attending to hygiene.On exam, she was unkempt, confused, mute and rigid. She was diagnosed with acute mental status changes and geriatric medicine was consulted for care. After evaluation, she was found to be dehydrated, hyponatremic (sodium 133; anion gap 21) and had a urinary tract infection. She was treated with fluid resuscitation and antibiotics with resolution of medical illnesses however, she remained with drawn, anorexic, aphasic and rigid. Psychiatry asked clearance for electroconvulsive therapy to treat depression. Geriatric medicine suggested diagnosis of catatonia and administered single intramuscular dose of alprazolam. Within 30 minutes of administration, she awoke, became talkative and asked for food. She continued to improve on a regimen of twice-daily alprazolam orally and was discharged home a few days later.Discussion: Catatonia is a disturbance of motor behavior that may result from psychological or neurological etiologies1.This is a separate diagnosis from depression with catatonic features and is characterized by the rigid, immobile positions that patients often display for prolonged periods. Most cases of catatonia occur in patients who have a co-existing mood disorder (25-50%) or other psychiatric disorder such as schizophrenia (15%)1. It is important to differentiate catatonia from depression with catatonic features or other psychiatric or medical pathology as the treatment choice, especially in the geriatric patient, is different. Treatment for catatonia involves administration of benzodiazepines such as alprazolam. ER  - 
EVITA: A tool for the early EValuation of pharmaceutical Innovations with regard to Therapeutic Advantage; Background: New drugs are generally claimed to represent a therapeutic innovation. However, scientific evidence of a substantial clinical advantage is often lacking. This may be the result of using inadequate control groups or surrogate outcomes only in the clinical trials. In view of this, EVITA was developed as a user-friendly transparent tool for the early evaluation of the additional therapeutic value of a new drug.Methods: EVITA does not evaluate a new compound per se but in an approved indication in comparison with existing therapeutic strategies. Placebo as a comparator is accepted only in the absence of an established therapy or if employed in an add-on strategy on top. The evaluation attributes rating points to the drug in question, taking into consideration both therapeutic benefit and risk profile. The compound scores positive points for superiority in efficiency and/or adverse effects as demonstrated in randomized controlled trials (RCTs), whilst negative points are awarded for inferiority and/or an unfavorable risk profile. The evaluation follows an algorithm considering the clinical relevance of the outcomes, the strength of the therapeutic effect and the number of RCTs performed. Categories for therapeutic aim and disease severity, although essential parts of the EVITA assessment, are attributed but do not influence the EVITA score which is presented as a color-coded bar graph. In case the available data were unsuitable for an EVITA calculation, a traffic-type yield sign is assigned instead to criticize such practice. The results are presented online http://www.evita-report.de together with all RCTs considered as well as the reasons for excluding a given RCT from the evaluation. This allows for immediate revision in response to justified criticism and simplifies the inclusion of new data.Results: As examples, four compounds which received approval within the last years were evaluated for one of their clinical indications: lenalidomide, pioglitazone, bupropion and zoledronic acid. Only the first achieved an EVITA score above zero indicating therapeutic advantage.Conclusions: The strength of EVITA appears to lie in its speedy assessment of the potential therapeutic advantage of a new drug for a given indication. At the same time, this approach draws attention to the typical deficits of data used for drug approval. EVITA is not intended to replace classical health technology assessment reports but rather serves as a screening tool in the sense of horizon scanning. © 2010 Püntmann et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Phospholipase A2 and Cyclooxygenase 2 Genes Influence the Risk of Interferon-α-Induced Depression by Regulating Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Levels; Background: Phospholipase A2 (PLA2) and cyclooxygenase 2 (COX2) are the two key enzymes in the metabolism of polyunsaturated fatty acids, which in turn play an important role in cytokine-induced depression and sickness behavior. Methods: Patients with chronic hepatitis C viral infection (n = 132) were assessed to examine the effects of seven single nucleotide polymorphisms in COX2 and PLA2 genes on the development of depression during interferon (IFN)-α treatment; a subsample (n = 63) was assessed for the erythrocyte levels of the three main polyunsaturated fatty acids, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and arachidonic acid. An independent "replication" sample of patients with major depression unrelated to cytokine treatment (n = 82) was also examined. Results: Twenty-eight percent of participants developed INF-α-induced depression. Participants with the PLA2 BanI GG or the COX2 rs4648308 AG genotypes had a higher risk of IFN-α-induced depression (odds ratio = 3.1 and 3.5, respectively). The "at risk" PLA2 genotype was associated with lower EPA levels, and the "at risk" COX2 genotype was associated with lower DHA levels, during IFN-α treatment. The PLA2 BanI GG polymorphism was also associated with more somatic symptoms of depression, both in patients with INF-α-induced depression and in the replication sample of patients with major depression. Conclusions: Genetic variations in the COX2 and PLA2 genes increase the risk of IFN-α-induced depression, possibly by affecting the levels of EPA and DHA. Moreover, PLA2 genotype is associated with somatic symptoms in depression. Our study confirms the role of inflammatory mechanisms in major depression. © 2010 Society of Biological Psychiatry. ER  - 
Muscarinic receptor activation modulates the excitability of hilar mossy cells through the induction of an afterdepolarization; In the present study we used electrophysiological techniques in an in vitro preparation of the rat dentate gyrus to examine the effect of muscarinic acetylcholine receptor activation on the intrinsic excitability of hilar neurons. We found that bath application of muscarine caused a direct depolarization in approximately 80% of mossy cells tested, and also produced a clear afterdepolarization (ADP) in nearly 100% of trials. The ADP observed in hilar mossy cells is produced by the opening of a Na+ permeant and yet largely TTX insensitive ion channel. It requires an increase in postsynaptic calcium for activation, and is blocked by flufenamic acid, an antagonist of a previously identified calcium activated non-selective cation channel (ICAN). Further, we demonstrate that induction of an ADP in current clamp causes release of cannabinoids, and subsequent depression of GABAergic transmission that is comparable to that produced in the same cells by a more conventional 5 s depolarization in voltage clamp. By contrast, other types of hilar neurons were less strongly depolarized by bath application of muscarinic agonists, and uniformly lacked a similar muscarinic ADP. Overall, the data presented here extend our understanding of the specific mechanisms through which muscarinic agonists are likely to modulate neuronal excitability in the hilar network, and further reveal a mechanism that could plausibly promote endocannabinoid mediated signaling in vivo. © 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Cancer cachexia; Purpose of review: Although cachexia has a major effect on both the morbidity and mortality of cancer patients, information on the mechanisms responsible for this condition is limited. This review summarizes recent data in this area. Recent findings: Cachexia is defined as loss of muscle, with or without fat, frequently associated with anorexia, inflammation and insulin resistance. Loss of adipose mass is due to an increased lipolysis through an increased expression of hormone-sensitive lipase. Adipose tissue does not contribute to the inflammatory response. There is an increased phosphorylation of both protein kinase R (PKR) and eukaryotic initiation factor 2 on the α-subunit in skeletal muscle of cachectic cancer patients, which would lead to muscle atrophy through a depression in protein synthesis and an increase in degradation. Mice lacking the ubiquitin ligase MuRF1 are less susceptible to muscle wasting under amino acid deprivation. Expression of MuRF1 and atrogin-1 is increased by oxidative stress, whereas nitric oxide may protect against muscle atrophy. Levels of interleukin (IL)-6 correlate with cachexia and death due to an increase in tumour burden. Ghrelin analogues and melanocortin receptor antagonists increase food intake and may have a role in the treatment of cachexia. Summary: These findings provide impetus for the development of new therapeutic agents. © 2010 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
How to Avoid Treating Irritable Bowel Syndrome with Biologic Therapy for Inflammatory Bowel Disease; Some patients with an established diagnosis of Crohn's disease and symptoms compatible with a disease flare do not have evidence of active Crohn's disease by laboratory, endoscopic or radiographic criteria. In clinical trials, approximately 18% of patients with Crohn's disease and moderate to severe clinical symptoms have no evidence of ulceration at colonoscopy. There are multiple other causes of symptoms in patients with Crohn's disease, including the presence of disease complications (stricture, fistula and abscess), complications of surgical resection (bile salt diarrhea, steatorrhoea and small bowel bacterial overgrowth), concomitant irritable bowel syndrome, concomitant infections (Clostridium difficile, cytomegalovirus) and concomitant depression. In conclusion, the clinical impression of gastroenterologists based on the patient's history is frequently incorrect and is an insufficient basis for making therapeutic decisions. Colonoscopy and CT or MRI enterography should be employed routinely prior to any major changes in therapy: (1) before starting steroids, immunosuppressives or biologicals; (2) when patients fail to respond to steroids, immunosuppressives or biologicals; (3) when patients receiving maintenance therapy with immunosuppressives or biologicals relapse; (4) before surgery. Treatment of patients who have no evidence of active disease by imaging with steroids, immunosuppressives or biological agents will not address the cause of the symptoms and will expose the patient to risks that may be unnecessary. These patients should be systematically evaluated for bile acid diarrhoea, steatorrhoea, bacterial overgrowth, irritable bowel syndrome and depression. Copyright © 2010 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Reduced parahippocampal and lateral temporal GABAA-[ 11C]flumazenil binding in major depression: Preliminary results; Purpose: Major depressive disorder (MDD) has been related to both a dysfunctional γ-amino butyric acid (GABA) system and to hyperactivity of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis (HPA). Although GABA has been suggested to inhibit HPA axis activity, their relationship has never been studied at the level of the central GABAA-benzodiazepine receptor in depressed patients or in relation to antidepressant treatment. Methods: Eleven depressed outpatients were compared, before and after treatment with citalopram, with nine age-matched healthy controls. The subjects were scanned using the positron emission tomography (PET) tracer [11C]flumazenil ([ 11C]FMZ). Parametric voxel-by-voxel Logan plots were compared with methods based on regions of interest (ROI), to provide volume of distribution (VT) and binding potential (BPND) values. Plasma GABA levels were determined and a dexamethasone-corticotropin releasing hormone (DEX-CRH) test was performed. Results: In MDD, parametric voxel-by-voxel Logan plots showed bilateral reduced [11C]FMZ binding in the parahippocampal gyrus and right lateral superior temporal gyrus (p uncorrected 0.001). In the temporal area, [11C]FMZ binding showed a strong inverse correlation with HPA axis activity. Plasma GABA did not discriminate MDD from controls, but correlated inversely with [11C]FMZ binding in the right insula. Following treatment with citalopram, voxel-based analysis revealed reduced binding in the right lateral temporal gyrus and dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Conclusion: The bilateral reduction in limbic parahippocampal and right temporal [11C]FMZ binding found in MDD indicates decreased GABAA-benzodiazepine receptor complex affinity and/or number. The inverse relationship between GABAA binding in the temporal lobe and HPA axis activity, suggests that HPA axis hyperactivity is partly due to reduced GABA-ergic inhibition. © 2009 Springer-Verlag. ER  - 
Unintentional weight loss in long term care residents with Alzheimer's disease and weight response with the use of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)/eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and bioflavinoids: A case series; Introduction/Objective: Cachexia/dehydration may be the immediate cause of death in the end stage of dementia in as many as 35% of nursing home residents. Cachexia is associated with suppressed appetite, food intake and body weight while proinflammatory cytokines are increased. Proinflam-matory cytokines directly result in feeding suppression and lower intake of nutrients and cachexia is nearly always accompanied by anorexia. IL-1 beta and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNFa) act on the glucose-sensitive neurons in the satiety and hunger sites in the hypothalamus. An association between high levels of circulating TNFa and unexplained weight loss in AD has been shown. Serum TNFa has been shown to be lower in mild-moderate Alzheimer's disease (AD) compared to severe AD.12 The levels of TNFa, IL-1beta, IL 6, and IL10 were elevated in the serum of patients with dementia. A minority of studies have shown no significant differences between AD subjects and controls in the mean serum levels of TNFa and other cytokines. Brain synthesis of cytokines has been shown in peripheral models of cancer, peripheral inflammation, and during peripheral cytokine administration and strikingly increased CSF levels of TNFa have been demonstrated in AD. Design/Methodology: Two residents in one facility, cared for by the investigator, in a moderate stage of dementia with 10% or greater weight loss over the previous six months despite the usual interventions at the facility (the addition of fortified foods, 2 cal supplement® bid, offering snack tid, and 1 on 1 assistance with meals in a small dining room setting) were chosen. A TSH, CBC, complete metabolic profile, urinalysis, physical examination, medication review and Cornell Scale for Depression in Dementia (CSDD) were performed during the 6 month period. Both residents were on an acetylcholinesterase inhibitor (ACHE) and had a 10 day washout. After informed consent was obtained from the family of each resident, 570 mg DHA and 870 mg EPA plus 225 mg of bioflavonoid per day were administered. A proprietary formulation of bioflavonoids, OPC-3® was used. OPC-3 consists of an isotonic formulation of well studied flavonoids derived from extracts of bilberries, citrus fruit, French maritime pine bark (Pycnogenol), red wine (resveratrol), and grape seeds. The usual interventions were continued. Weights were followed over the 6 month period following the intervention. Results: Resident 1: 92 y.o, diagnoses: Alzheimer's disease, depression, hypothyroidism, hypertension, diabetes II, hyperlipidemia. Medications: done-pezil 10 mg, memantine 10 mg bid, levothyroxine, citalopram 10 mg., KCl, multivitamin. MMSE 14, 50-80% meals consumed, weight loss 1% over 1 month and 11% over 6 months immediately prior to intervention. Resident 2: 94 y.o., diagnoses: Alzheimer's disease, COPD, Oseteoarthritis. Medications: donepezil 10 mg, memantine 10 mg bid, vitamin D 800 IU, multivitamin, Ca carbonate 1000mg. Failed trial of mirtazapine 15 mg daily for weight loss. Hospice care during the last 3 months of weight loss prior to intervention and throughout the intervention period. MMSE 13, 0-50% meals consumed, weight loss 3.7% over 1 month and 10% over 6 months immediately prior to intervention. Laboratory work, CSDD, physical examination unremarkable and no change in appetite with the ACHE washout in both residents (ACHE was restarted). Post intervention percent weight change at I, 3 and 6 months respectively for resident 1 were +0.9%, +5.1%, +6.9% and for resident 2 were 0%, +1%, -1%. Both residents showed an improvement in appetite and general increase in percent of meals eaten. Conclusion/Discussion: The importance of ingesting foods and supplements high in antioxidants is becoming more valued as oxidative stress from reactive oxygen species is being uncovered as a common pathologic mechanism to inflammatory states by the induction of proinflammatory cytokines. 4 In recent years, the constituents in fruits and vegetables predominantly responsible for the health benefits have been identified as bioflavonoids which are anti-inflammatory. Reductions of plasma oxidative stress status by 10.1% and plasma C-reactive protein by 52.1% have been demonstrated with OPC-3 use. Adequate dietary intake of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids increases tissue concentrations of EPA and DHA that reduce proinflammatory cytokine production and downregulate inflammation. Although this was an uncontrolled intervention, resident 1 showed clinically meaningful weight gain through the entire 6 month observation period and resident 2 showed stabilization of weight loss within 30 days of the intervention with continued weight maintenance throughout the 6 month observation period. Given the evidence in the literature supporting a mechanism for these nutritional interventions with our observed improvement in weight and appetite, further study in a controlled setting is warranted. ER  - 
Secondary amyloidosis due to gout affecting kidneys, parathyroid and adrenal glands: A case report; Introduction: Gout is defined metabolically as elevated levels of uric acid in the extracellular space. Gout often presents itself in the joints as recurrent attacks of acute inflammatory arthritis and monosodium urates crystal deposition in a tophus form, and in the kidney as nephrolithiasis and chronic renal failure. The association of amyloidosis as a secondary complication to gout is uncommon but still documented. We report rare case of amyloidosis secondary to gout caused nephrotic syndrome, adrenal and parathyroid insufficiency. Case Presentation: A 61-year-old male with a 20-year history of severe tophus gout and was hospitalised because of weight loss, weakness, diarrhoea and depression. Two year before his was he developed renal failure and nephrotic syndrome. Recently hypoparathyroidism was diagnosed because of hypocalcaemia and low PTH level. He was treated by colchicin and allopurinol. On admission patient had mild hyponatremia and hyperkalemia, serum creatinine 2.8 mg/dl and serum albumin 1.8 g/dl. On physical examination orthostatic hypotension was found. Adrenal function tests showed low basal cortisol level that failed to rise after cosynotropin stimulation. ACTH level was high and Addison's disease was diagnosed. Abdominal CT scan showed anatomically normal adrenal glands and slightly enlarged kidney. The constellation of chronic inflammatory disease followed by renal, adrenal and parathyroid failure suggests amyloidosis. The patient underwent rectal biopsy that confirmed diagnosis of secondary amyloidosis. Discussion: Association of gout and amyloidosis is uncommon. The most common organ affected by amyloidosis is the kidney. While amyloidosis can affect other sites including endocrine glands, it's rare to cause symptomatic symptomatic dysfunction. Two cases have been reported where Addison's disease was due to amyloidosis. However, no association has been made between gout and amyloidosis of adrenal glands. Conclusion: The case report shows systemic amyloidosis affecting kidney, adrenal and parathyroid gland secondary to gout. ER  - 
Current and emerging drugs for multiple sclerosis; Therapy for multiple sclerosis (MS) has changed dramatically over the past decade, yielding significant progress in the treatment of relapsing/remitting and secondary progressive MS. Disease-modifying treatments are now widely available, and their beneficial effects on relapse rates, MRI outcomes and,in some cases, relapse-related disability have been shown in several clinical studies. Currently approved immunomodulatory therapies for relapsing/remitting MS include glatiramer acetate (GA) and recom-binant interferons (IFN-β), (IFN-β-la Avonex, IFN-β - la Rebif, IFN-β-lb Betaseron). All these immunomodulatory treatments reduce disease activity and the accumulation of disability in RRMS. Common side effects associated with these protein-based therapeutics are injection-site reactions, flu-like symptoms and headache. Other side effects include leukopenia, elevated liver enzyme, depression and myalgia. Natalizumab (Tysabri) and mitoxantrone (Novantrone) are also approved for treatment of MS as second-line therapy. Natalizumab is used in RRMS patients who are unresponsive to immunomo-dulatory treatment or in severe RR forms of disease. Mitox-antrone, an antineoplastic agent, is also approved for treatment of relapsing MS, but is generally reserved for secondary progressive and severe RR forms of disease. However, as immunomodulatory therapies are only partially effective in halting the MS disease process and Natalizumab and mitoxantrone are associated with important adverse events (i.e. PML, leukemia), new oral therapeutic approaches are warranted. New promising results have been obtained in clinical trials using emerging oral drugs for MS. We observed several advances in current and novel oral treatment approaches for MS. Nevertheless, most of die data were obtained from phase I/II clinical trials, we need further confirmation of their safety and efficacy profile from longer phase III clinical trials. Several pivotal reports have provided promising results for new oral therapies evaluating the safety and efficacy of new agents including fingolimod, fumaric acid, cladribine, teriflunomide and laquinomid. It is unknown whether these oral drugs could be used as first-line treatment for MS; this will depend mostly on their safety profile. Alternatively, these drugs could be used as add-on treatment for failed first-line therapy, or as an effective induction agent. The potential combination of oral drugs and IFN-β or GA needs to be tested.. The safety of drug combinations will be crucial to decision-making process. The future therapeutic options forMSwill dependon improve-mentsinunderstanding the precise factors involved indisease onset and progression, and subsequently the development of oral therapeutics that translate sustained benefit from the preclinical context into clinical background. ER  - 
A retrospective study of the demographics and clinical characteristics of patients with hidradenitis suppurativa in an urban academic center; Background: Hidradenitis suppurativa (HS) can be a chronic and disabling disease. Treatment response is variable, and there is no cure for patients with HS. Clinical characteristics of patients with HS in the United States have not been well described, and improved understanding of the clinical characteristics of these patients may improve therapeutic options. Objective: To perform a study of clinical characteristics of patients treated for HS in an urban academic center. Methods: A retrospective chart review of patients $ 18 years old over the last 5 years was performed. Results: One hundred eighty charts were identified with 115 of 180 patients (64%) included in the study. Fifteen percent were male and 85% were female. More than half (50.4%) were white and 41.7% were African American, with the remainder of unknown ethnicity. Mean age was 33.36 years old. More than one quarter (26.1%) had mild, 49.6% had moderate, and 24.3% had severe disease. The majority had disease in the axillae and/or groin (54%) and the rest had disease in inframammary, thigh, and buttock areas. Almost half (45.1%) had a history of acne vulgaris and 4.4% had follicular occlusion triad. Eighty-eight percent received antibiotics, 90% were treated with topical washes and 37% with topical antibiotics. Mild improvement occurred in 28.7% of patients, and 40.3% had significant improvement with therapy. Some patients (8.7%) were prescribed isotretinoin, but compliance varied and only 1.7% noted improvement. Few were treated with anti - tumor necrosis factor agents. Thirty-one percent had surgical procedures for treatment of HS. Sixteen percent had culture data, and 89% of cultures of lesions were negative or contaminant. Many patients (26.8%) were described as overweight or obese. One quarter (25%) had psychiatric disease with depression as the most common diagnosis. Some female patients had a history of hyperandrogenism with PCOS and/or hirsutism (8.2%). Limitations: The retrospective design of this study allows for incomplete data collection. Conclusions:African Americans were overrepresentedinour population. Therapy is empiric, consisting of chronic courses of rotating antibiotics and variable response. Many patients had diagnosed psychiatric disease, which may complicate their treatment. Culture data often is negative, suggesting other inflammatory mechanisms besides bacterial superinfection. Women with HS may have a hyperandrogenic state and may benefit from antiandrogen therapy. Further prospective studies are necessary in patients with HS. ER  - 
ParryeRomberg syndrome; A 32-year-old African American woman presented with a 1-year history of a linear indentation extending along the left scalp to the eyebrow. She reported intermittent episodes of vertigo and blurry vision lasting from a few seconds to a few minutes. Upon examination, on the left side of the face, there was a linear depression that extended from the left frontal scalp to the mid-left eyebrow associated with alopecia. There was no induration or sclerosis. An MRI showed thinning of subcutaneous tissue but not of bone or neural structures. A biopsy specimen revealed a sclerotic dermis with mild lymphoplasmacellular inflammation at the dermal/subcutaneous interface. A diagnosis of linear morphea (en coup de sabre) was made. The patient was treated with methotrexate and pulsed intravenous methylprednisolone at 1000 mg for 3 consecutive days a month for 6 months. Methotrexate was started at 7.5 mg weekly and increased to 15 mg weekly with folic acid. She reported mild improvement inthe scalp alopecia, but not the eyebrow. She also reported pain in the left eye and face and nose bleeds from the right nostril. Repeat MRI at 6 months revealed no disease progression and no concerning compression of optic or neurologic structures. Morphea en coup de sabre is a linear morphea of the forehead. Hemifacial atrophy or Parry - Romberg syndrome is a severe form characterized by atrophy of subcutaneous tissues including muscle, bone, and brain and can present with neurologic symptoms. Our patient presented with several neurological symptoms but no abnormalities on MRI. Thus, Parry - Romberg was suspected but not confirmed. Linear morphea can be associated with high ANA titers, especially in children. The histopathology is identical to plaque-type morphea. Phototherapy has been used to treat all types of morphea, particularly bath PUVA and UVA1 therapy. Injection of corticosteroids at lesion margins may help reduce progression. There are reports suggesting benefit from topical calcipotriene or penicillamine injections. For severe morphea, systemic treatments are indicated such as oral or intravenous corticosteroids combined with methotrexate. The approach used for this patient was derived from a study by Kreuter et al in which 1 g of methylprednisolone delivered 3 days a month was combined with 15 mg of methotrexate per week. To date, the patient has been stable without progression of her lesion or symptoms. ER  - 
Characteristics of nonresponders to psoriasis treatment; Psoriasis is a chronic, unremitting disease affecting 2% to 3% of the world's population with approximately 35% of patients having moderate to severe disease. These patients are often prescribed biologic agents including adalimumab, alefacpt, efalizumab, etanercept, and infliximab. Over time, many patients do not sustain a response to one drug and subsequently switch to another biologic medication. This study involved a retrospective chart review of active psoriasis patients seen at Mount Sinai's Department of Dermatology between 2005 until the current time. We characterized 229 nonswitchers and 185 switchers. The average age of the entire population and disease duration was 51 and 18 years, respectively. There were 140 males and 89 females in the nonswitch cohort and 100 males and 86 females in the switch cohort. There were no significant demographic differences in the two populations. Among nonswitchers, 171 patients were on etanercept, 15 on alefacept, 12 on adalimumab, 14 on efalizumab, and 17 on infliximab. The average duration of therapy was 2 years. Sixty-one percent of patients found treatment efficacious while 10% experienced an adverse effect and 25% found monotherapy ineffective but had not yet switched to another biologic medication. More than half of nonswitchers were also on concomitant medications. Among switchers, 120 patients were started on etanercept, 20 on alefacept, 13 on adalimumab, 20 on efalizumab, and 12 on infliximab. Thirty-two percent of patients were on concomitant medications. The average number of switches per patient was 1.8. Uniformly, patients switched biologic medications because of inefficacy rather than adverse events or other reasons. Controlling for age and gender, the risk of switching was lower with adalimumab [-3.62, 95% CI, 0.14-0.56] and infliximab [-4.62, 95% CI, 0.13-0.43]. Compared to nonswitchers, switchers were less likely to have subtypes of psoriatic arthritis and erythrodermic psoriasis. Switchers were also more likely to have comorbidities of hypercholesterolemia, asthma, eczema, and arthritis (P<.05), while nonswitchers were more likely to have depression (P<.05). This study reports some differences in the population of psoriasis patients who switch from one biologic treatment to another. Where treatment decisions are complex and contingent on many factors, additional studies will be needed to elucidate which patients may benefit from switching to a different class of biologic agent. ER  - 
Challenges to medical systems by terrorism with chemical warfare agents; Objective: The asymmetric use of chemical warfare agents against civilians and military personnel poses a pertinent threat towards the medical system. Among the substances classified by the chemical warfare convention1 as chemical warfare agents, nerve agents (NA) and blistering agents are regarded as the most challenging compounds. Exposure may result from inhalation or percutaneously. The NA consist of highly volatile G-agents, e.g. sarin, and persisting V-agents, e.g. VX. Blistering agents, e.g. sulphur mustard (SM), are generally regarded as persisting substances. The development of signs and symptoms is quite fast (minutes) after inhalation and may be delayed (hours) after percutaneous absorption of V-agents or blistering agents. Methods: To overcome the challenge due to a possible terrorist attack with NA or SM, an overview of the present knowledge of therapeutic measures is given. Results: Prior to first aid, first responders and medical personnel have to be protected from contamination and victims from ongoing exposure. Removal from the contaminated area and fast undressing are regarded as effective methods to prevent further agent absorption. The most important toxic mechanism of NAs the inhibition of acetylcholinesterase (AChE), resulting in cholinergic crises and finally to death due to respiratory insufficiency. Early administration of atropine and an oxime is recommended. For this purpose, military personnel is equipped with autoinjectors for self and buddy aid. Stockpiling of autoinjectors and early use e.g. by trained first responders, may improve the response capacity to counteract terrorist attacks remarkably. The early administration of anticonvulsants, e.g. diazepam or midazolam, may be necessary. Further treatment has to be guided by the clinical course. Hereby, three different types of poisoning can be distinguished. (i) Intoxication with NAs forming reactivatable NA-AChE complexes with short persistence of the NA in the body, e.g. inhalational sarin intoxication. In this situation effective oximes e.g. obidoxime or pralidoxime, may reactivate the inhibited enzyme promptly, thereby overcoming intoxication. In such cases, low atropine and anticonvulsant doses should be sufficient. (ii) Intoxications with NAs forming a reactivatable NA-AChE-complex with prolonged persistence of the NA in the body, e.g. percutaneous VX intoxication. In such cases, initially reactivated AChE may be re-inhibited by persisting agents and thus limiting the benefit of oxime treatment when the oxime concentration drops below a therapeutic level. Here, oximes should be administered as long as reactivation is possible, in combination with low atropine dosing according to demand, anticonvulsants in case of need and further symptomatic measures if appropriate. (iii) Intoxication with NAs resulting in NA-AChE-complexes that age rapidly or that cannot be reactivated by oximes sufficiently, e.g. inhalational soman or tabun intoxication. In such cases, victims do not benefit from oxime treatment. Here, higher atropine doses, anticonvulsants and further symptomatic therapeutic measures, e.g. artificial ventilation have to be applied. Alternative therapeutic approaches are under development, e.g. stoichiometric or catalytic scavengers, however neither of these are approved nor available at present. In contrast to NA, the toxic mechanism of SM consists in alkylation of proteins, DNA and RNA. The clinical picture that develops several hours after acute SM exposure, is dominated by eye lesions, subepidermal blisters, respiratory tract damage and bone marrow depression. Unfortunately, in spite of decades of extensive research, no causal treatment is available to date. Thus, therapeutic measures have to be directed against signs and symptoms. Affected eyes should be rinsed, mydriatics and antibiotics applied according to demand. The administration of steroids may be considered. Affected skin needs appropriate nursing with frequent changes of wound dressing. Local antibiotics may prevent aggravation of skin infection in immuno-suppressed patients and may result in adequate, although delayed, wound healing. To counteract respiratory tract damage, mucolytics, codeine, steroids in combination with inhalation of moist air may be used. Pseudomembrane building and displacement may result in respiratory insufficiency and has to be controlled thoroughly. In spite of optimized treatment during the acute phase, late effects, e.g. skin effects, respiratory tract and lung damage as well as severe eye defects, frequently develop years after the acute exposure and remain a long term challenge to the medical system.4 Conclusion: To counteract a terrorist attack with NA or SM clear understanding of therapeutic principles and preparedness are necessary. ER  - 
Venlafaxine-induced rhabdomyolysis; Objective: Venlafaxine, an antidepressant drug, inhibits CNS serotonin and norepinephrine neuronal uptake. In overdose, venlafaxine has been reported to cause rhabdomyolysis. Case report: A 46 year old man with a history of bipolar depression was admitted following suicidal ingestion of 100 tablets (1 tablet = 75 mg; total dose = 7.5 g) of venlafaxine twelve hours before hospital presentation. There was no history of seizures. Findings on admission included Reed II coma, fixed equal mydriasis, muscular hypertonia, bradypnoea, hypoventilation, hypertension (BP=140/80 mmHg), tachycardia (130 b/min.), fever (39 °C) and dark coloured urine. Pulmonary radiography revealed aspiration pneumonia. Initial abnormal laboratory findings were myoglobin > 1000 ng/mL, CK 6452 U/L (normal range 55-170 U/L), and LDH 645 U/L (normal range 313-618 U/L). The therapy initiated was ventilatory support, sedation with benzodiazepines, intravenous fluid repletion and alkaline diuresis, and broad spectrum antibiotics. Gastric lavage was performed and a 50 g dose of activated charcoal was administered. Toxicology analysis by GS/MS was positive for venlafaxine in urine. Twenty-four hours post-admission, CK had elevated to > 20,000 U/L along with LDH, hepatic enzymes and amylase, but after 48 hours began to decrease. Renal function remained normal throughout. The outcome was favourable. The patient was weaned from ventilator support after 5 days, regained consciousness at 7 days, and correction of hepatocytolysis and rhabdomyolysis syndromes occurred at 11 days. Pulmonary healing and discharge occurred after 16 days. Conclusion: Rhabdomyolysis, resulting from serotonin toxicity and acute muscle injury, complicates venlafaxine poisoning and prolongs the hospital stay. ER  - 
Investigation of neurological toxicity of poisoning with alcohols; Objective: Toxic alcohol poisoning may be complicated by serious neurological complications. They are mainly due to the formation of toxic metabolites. The objective of this review is to illustrate the different techniques of neurological investigation of these severe neurological disturbances. Results: Methanol poisoning results in severe metabolic acidosis due to formic acid accumulation that usually becomes critical after a delay of several hours. The main neurological findings are an impaired consciousness evolving to a deep coma, and to major visual disturbances ranging from blurred vision to blindness. Methanol-related brain injury involves basal ganglia, mainly the putamina. These lesions can be demonstrated either by brain computed tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). The different sequences of MRI appear particularly appropriate to investigate the topography and nature of methanolrelated injury. The T1-weighted images are enhancing the fatty component of the tissues, while the T2- weighted images are enhancing the water component. The diffusion-weighted imaging is a specific technique for tissue contrast generation in which the original signal intensity is diminished proportionally to the degree of free-water diffusivity. The initial CT imaging studies demonstrated that putaminal necrosis with haemorrhage was present in a significant number of cases. MR studies have shown that in addition to putaminal lesions exhibiting abnormal hypersignal intensity of the lateral margins of the nuclei, parenchymal changes can extend to other areas (lentiform nuclei, corona radiata, centrum semi-ovale, hippocampus, cerebellum). There is also an involvement of the subcortical white matter within frontal and/or occipital lobes. The diffusion-weighted sequence will reveal areas of decreased apparent diffusion coefficient (ADC) values in both putamina and in the white matter. This would reflect cytotoxic cell swelling. Such abnormalities are not, however, specific for methanol poisoning. As suggested by nonhuman primate studies, ocular toxicity is usually biphasic. Early retinal dysfunction can be diagnosed by electroretinography (ERG). Retinal dysfunction is potentially reversible and a relationship can be found between ERG changes and blood formate concentrations, with a threshold value for retinal dysfunction. It may be followed after a delay of several hours or days by a toxic optic neuropathy. Visual injury is well investigated by visual evoked potentials. The risk for developing permanent visual injury is well correlated with the severity of metabolic acidosis and with the peak value of blood formate concentration. Ethylene glycol (EG) may induce by itself a significant central nervous system (CNS) depression; however, neurotoxicity is mainly related to the biotransformation of EG into several toxic metabolites responsible for severe metabolic acidosis. In addition to coma due to brain edema, EG poisoning may be complicated by cranial nerve palsies and severe axonal polyneuropathy. A limited number of patients has been investigated either by brain CT or MRI. On CT images, hypodense areas are seen in the central white matter, the basal ganglia, thalami, midbrain and upper pons. As in methanol poisoning, putaminal cystic necrosis can be observed on MR images. Nonspecific white matter abnormalities were also described. Diethylene glycol (DEG) has caused epidemic poisoning when it was substituted in pharmaceutical preparations. It appears likely that the principal metabolite of DEG, 2- hydroxyethoxyacetic acid (HEAA) is the major contributor to renal and neurological toxicities. In patients who eventually recovered from metabolic acidosis and acute renal failure, neurological complications can be delayed until at least 5-10 days post-ingestion. The most common neurological features are: progressive lethargy, bilateral facial paralysis, dysphonia, dilated and nonreactive pupils, loss of the gag reflex, and loss of visual and auditory functions. In addition to sensorimotor injuries, there is also evidence of CNS involvement. In at least one patient, MRI identified abnormal foci in parietal and occipital lobes and in cerebellar hemispheres, possibly as a result of either edema or infarction. Peripheral neuropathies are effectively investigated by electromyography (EMG) and nerve conduction velocity (NCV) studies. Not all EMG/NCV studies have shown evidence of nerve demyelination. An acute axonal neuropathy may precede the development of a delayed demyelinating neuropathy. The analysis of the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) is probably not helpful, as CSF proteins concentration may be normal even in the presence of demyelination. Conclusion: Toxic alcohol poisoning may be complicated by either central or peripheral neurological complications. The brain injuries should be preferentially investigated by MRI. However, the radiological findings are not totally specific for any alcohol poisoning, and the relationship with the clinical outcome is usually weak. ER  - 
The effect of celecoxib and naproxen treatment on depressive symptoms in persons aged 70 and over: Findings from a randomized controlled trial; Introduction: Several lines of evidence suggest that inflammatory mechanisms may be involved in the severity and progression of depression. One pathway implicated is the production of prostaglandins via the enzyme cyclooxygenase (COX). Although late life depression in particular has been associated with inflammation, we know of no published studies using COX-2 inhibitors in the treatment of depressive syndromes in this population. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of the nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) celecoxib and naproxen on depressive symptoms in older adults. Methods: The Alzheimer's Disease Anti-inflammatory Prevention Trial (ADAPT) was a randomized, placebocontrolled, double-masked clinical trial conducted at six U.S. memory clinics. Cognitively normal volunteers aged 70 and over with a family history of Alzheimer-like dementia were randomly assigned to receive celecoxib 200mg BID, naproxen sodium 220mg BID, or placebo. The 15-item version of the Geriatric Depression Scale (GDS) was administered to all participants at enrollment and at yearly follow-up visits. Participants with a GDS score >5 at baseline were classified as depressed. Results: Of 2,528 participants enrolled, 2,312 returned for at least one follow-up visit. Approximately one-fifth were depressed at baseline. Mean GDS score, and the percentage depressed, remained similar over time across all three treatment groups. Furthermore, there was no treatment effect on GDS scores over time in the subgroup of participants who were depressed at baseline. In multivariable modeling, higher baseline GDS scores, a prior psychiatric history, older age, time in the study, and lower cognition interacting with time, but not treatment assignment, were all associated with significantly higher GDS scores (more depression) over time. Conclusions: Treatment with celecoxib or naproxen did not improve depressive symptoms over time compared with placebo. While inflammation has been implicated in late life depression, these results do not support the hypothesis that inhibition of the cyclooxygenase pathway with these NSAIDs at these doses alleviates depressive symptoms in older adults. ER  - 
HSV in older children; Case Presentation: This is a 2-year-old female who presented in status epilepticus with a fever. She had no previous history of seizures. She was stabilized and loaded with AEDs, and treated with empiric antibiotic therapy for presumed meningitis. She was started on empiric acyclovir after lumbar puncture. The acyclovir was discontinued when the HSV PCR was negative. CSF was also negative for bacterial studies, and antibiotics were discontinued. An EEG revealed epileptiform discharges. She remained in the hospital for 1 week demonstrating some residual left-sided weakness, but was discharged home. Three days later she was readmitted with a fever and emesis. The evening of readmission she had a prolonged seizure, control of which resulted in respiratory depression requiring intubation. An MRI revealed a large area of edema with multiple hemorrhages. A repeat lumbar puncture was not possible because of her significant cerebral edema. Unremarkable diagnostic studies included ANA, C3, C4, arbovirus panel, Bartonella titers, Mycoplasma PCR, and CSF EBV, VZV and CMV. There was moderate serum lymphocytosis. MTHFR mutation was positive, but the hyperco-agulable workup was otherwise negative. EBV and HHV6 PCR in the blood were positive. It was thought that these represented reactivation infection rather than the cause of her presentation. Ultimately, a brain biopsy was performed, which revealed glial nodules consistent with viral encephalitis. Neuropathology stains of the biopsy were positive for HSV. Electron microscopy showed particles consistent with HSV infection. The patient improved quickly on acyclovir therapy and steroids. At discharge she was able to walk without assistance. Repeat CSF HSV PCR and bacterial cultures were negative 1 month after initial presentation. She was discharged on oral acyclovir. Now, 2.5 years after initial presentation, the patient is doing well in main-stream kindergarten. She has a seizure disorder that is medication controlled and minor extremity weakness that does not limit her mobility. She is maintained on oral acyclovir. Discussion: Although HSV encephalitis is usually included in the differential diagnosis of newborns with fever and seizure, clinicians often omit this diagnosis in older children presenting with similar symptoms. Since HSV is a treatable infection, early initiation of acyclovir can positively affect the outcome. Antiviral therapy should be empirically started on children presenting with symptoms of encephalitis. HSV PCR on CSF is a sensitive and specific method of diagnosis, however brain biopsy remains the gold standard. Conclusions: We present this case to illustrate the rare but devastating clinical course of HSV encephalitis in patients outside of the neonatal period. A negative HSV PCR result should not exclude this treatable diagnosis. For this reason, clinicians need to have a high index of suspicion. ER  - 
Cocaine intoxication mimicking meningitis; Case Presentation: A 26-year-old woman was found unresponsive and surrounded by peritoneal dialysate. She was last known to be conscious 12 hours prior. Past medical history includes uncontrolled type I diabetes mellitus, hypertension, depression, schizoaffective disorder, and end stage renal disease on peritoneal dialysis. Medications include nitrofurantoin, escitalopram, furosemide, gabapentin, hydrocodone-acetaminophen, insulin, buspirone, clonidine, lorazepam, quetiapine, and venlafaxine, among others. She smokes cigarettes and has occasional alcohol but has no known history of illicit substance abuse per her mother. Temperature was 39°C, blood pressure 225/115, pulse 108 bpm, and respiratory rate 18 breaths per minute. Exam revealed a restless female, moving all 4 extremities with focal deficit, dilated pupils with sluggish responses, tachycardia, and a clean peritoneal dialysis site. Noncontrast computed tomography of the head failed to demonstrate a cause for the change in mentation. Neutrophilia without leukocytosis and normal blood glucose were found on laboratory studies. Urine drug screen was positive for cocaine and opiates. Cerebrospinal fluid analysis showed glucose 332 mg/dL, protein 67 mg/dL, white blood cells 169 mm3 with 99% neutrophils and red blood cells 29/mm3. CSF gram stain was positive for white cells only; subsequent blood and fluid cultures were negative. The patient was treated with antibiotics, antihypertensives and subsequently regained consciousness to her baseline. Discussion: Hyperthermia and seizures caused by acute cocaine intoxication can initially imitate meningitis. However il must be kept in mind that generalized seizures produce a transient CSF pleocytosis and should be considered when there is no clear clinical or laboratory evidence for meningitis. Cocaine increases circulating levels of epinephrine and norepinephrine up to 5 times and causes overstimulation of the sympathetic nervous system. The drug also inhibits serotonin reuptake in the synaptic deft of neurons causing an accumulation. The above combination is thought to induce generalized and focal seizures. A lowered seizure threshold is especially dangerous in patients who are susceptible. Conclusions: By affecting the central thermal regulatory system, cocaine causes hyperthermia, which can also give rise to epileptiform activity. Although meningitis is a more dreaded diagnosis, cocaine intoxication can produce similar symptoms which can progress rapidly if not recognized and treated appropriately. ER  - 
Paget-schroetter syndrome: A common but forgotten entity; Case Presentation: A 36-year-old healthy male presented with a 6-hour onset of pain, swelling, and purplish discoloration of the left upper extremity after lifting weights at the gym. He denied any trauma to the shoulder or left upper extremity. On physical examination, purplish discoloration and pitting edema of the left upper extremity were noted. There was diffuse tenderness but no crepitation. Radial and brachial pulses were 2+ and symmetric bilaterally. Ultrasound duplex showed occlusive clot in the proximal and mid subclavian vein with patent internal jugular vein. CT chest showed evidence of significant stenosis at the medical aspect of left subclavian vein suggestive of thoracic outlet syndrome. No masses or cervical ribs were noted. He was started on unfractionated heparin. Venogram with the patient's arm abducted revealed occlusion of the left subclavian vein at a point where it trails behind clavicle. Patient underwent catheter guided thrombolysis, which was unsuccessful in relieving the stenosis. He then underwent angioplasty with good flow after the procedure. Patient was discharged home on warfarin, and first rib resection was done after 4 weeks. Anticoagulation was continued for 3 months after surgery. Discussion: Paget-Schroetter syndrome (PSS), also known as “efforf-induced upper-extremity DVT (UEDVT), encompasses approximately 30% of cases of UEDVT. As the name implies, it typically presents after vigorous activity involving arm abduction, cervical extension, and shoulder depression, especially in the presence of a mechanical abnormality at the thoracic inlet where the subclavian vein (SCV) is compressed between a hyper-trophied anterior scalene muscle and the first rib. It is postulated that microtrauma to the venous vessel wall activates the coagulation cascade. Repetitive venous compression can result in fibrous tissue formation that permanently constricts the vein. The most common clinical features of this syndrome are arm swelling and pain. These manifestations may be confused with cellulitis and thus patients may be inappropriately treated with antibiotics. With chronic obstruction, spider nevi and engorgement of subcutaneous veins can be seen on anterior chest wall. Contrast venogram is the diagnostic procedure of choice. The rationale in favor of expeditious catheter-directed thrombolysis as the adopted therapeutic strategy is that young healthy affected individuals are at high risk of developing postthrombotic syndrome if treated with anticoagulation alone. Surgical resection of a cervical or the first rib is often required to prevent recurrence. Conclusions: Paget-Schroetter syndrome should be considered in differential diagnosis in patients who are active and present with painful swelling of the involved upper extremity. Hospitalist must be aware of this potentially disabling condition as early intervention is effective in relieving the clot burden and preventing potential complications such as pulmonary embolus and postthrombotic syndrome. ER  - 
Mollaret's meningitis, 65 years of history: A case report and review of the literature; Case Presentation: A 57 year-old woman presented for a headache and nausea for 2 weeks. PMH was significant for depression, SLE controlled on no treatment, and previous episodes of aseptic meningitis. Vitals were stable, and complete physical and neurological exam were normal. She was started on ceftriaxone and vancomycin. The differential diagnosis was bacterial, viral, or lupus induced meningitis. Head CT scan, brain MRI and MRAwere all negative. Labs were significant for a CSF RBC of 341, WBC of 591 with 100% lymphocytes, glucose of 55, and proteins of 97 (high). Consequently, the patient was placed off antibiotics, and aseptic meningitis was considered again as the most probable diagnosis. Autoimmune workup, routine EEG, CSF Cryptococcus antigen, HSV1 PCR, CSF culture, Gram stain, and India ink were all negative. However, HSV-2 PCR was positive. Symptomatic treatment was advised, and the patient was discharged 4 days later stable and asymptomatic. Of note, she had had 3 previous admissions - 2 years ago, 3 years ago, and 4.5 years ago - for the same symptoms of recurrent headaches, nausea, and neck stiffness, with no focal neurological deficits. On each of these admissions, antibiotics and droplet precautions were first implemented, then stopped after the CSF results. These results were similar to the above, except HSV PCR that was not ordered at that time. A diagnosis of aseptic meningitis due to NSAIDS or to SLE was repetitively considered, and the patient was discharged only a couple of days after each visit in a stable condition. Discussion: Benign recurrent meningitis was first described by Pierre Mollaret in 1944. A rare disease with around 100 cases reported in the literature, it is characterized by greater than 3 episodes of fever, headache, and meningismus lasting 2-5 days. Symptom-free time can vary from weeks to years. Our patient intervals were around 1 year each. More than 50% of patients have associated neurological findings: seizures, change in mental status, coma, hallucinations, and cranial nerve palsies. Our patient did not have any. When first described, there were no identifiable infecting agent, and it was considered an aseptic meningitis. Currently, the most common etiology found is HSV2. Other rare cases were a result of HSV1, EBV, and reactivation of latent cerebral toxoplasmosis. CSF demonstrates large, friable endothelial cells described by Pierre Mollaret as “fantomes cellulaires” (i.e., cell ghosts). Although no studies have been done given the rarity of this entity, acyclovir remains the main agent for treatment and prophylaxis. Prognosis is usually excellent Conclusions: Mollaret's meningitis, a rare entity, is more of importance to a hospitalist practitioner rather than a primary care physician, as patients with a suspicion of meningitis are usually treated on an inpatient basis. The above differential and an accurate diagnosis is what usually faces a hospitalist during his or her daily patient care. ER  - 
Migraine management and ischemic colitis; Case Presentation: A 36-year-old white woman presented to the emergency department with 1 day of hematochezia. crampy abdominal pain, and diarrhea. She denied recent travel, antibiotics, or sick contacts. She was a nonsmoker, without cardiovascular risk factors. Past medical history was significant for migraine headaches and depression. Medications included sumatriptan, oral contraceptive pills (OCPs), and citalopram. Two days prior to presentation she had a severe migraine attack and consumed 4 100-mg doses of sumatriptan. On physical exam, she was tachycardic and BP was 126/67 mm Hg. She had mild abdominal tenderness in the left lower quadrant, and bloody stool on rectal exam. Laboratory tests showed mild leukocytosis. Stool studies were negative except for a few leukocytes on the stool smear. Abdominal CT revealed mural thickening of the descending colon from the splenic flexure to the sigmoid region. Colonoscopy confirmed severe colitis and biopsies revealed glandular atrophy and necrosis suggestive of ischemia. The patient was aggressively fluid resuscitated. OCPs, sumatriptan, and citalopram were discontinued. Topiramate was started for migraine prophylaxis. Her symptoms resolved over a few days and she has remained asymptomatic for a 3-month follow-up period. Outpatient workup for thrombophilia and an echocardiogram were unrevealing. Discussion: Ischemic colitis occurs uncommonly before the fifth decade of life. A review of reversible ischemic colitis in young patients in 1995 indicated that it is almost exclusively found in young women, and is often associated with the use of estrogen. Sumatriptan, frequently prescribed for migraine, acts as a vasospastic agent on the cranial circulation, but can also affect other vascular beds. Ischemic colitis has been reported as a rare adverse event from sumatriptan use. Our patient took both sumatriptan and OCPs. She used OCPs continuously to prevent menses, in order to avoid migraines. Estrogen may reduce triptan clearance through an effect on monoamine oxidase, an enzyme involved in the metabolism of serotonin. Our patient escalated the sumatriptan dose to above recommended levels prior to presentation which likely contributed to her ischemic colitis. Citalopram, a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI), may have further affected serotonin levels. One other reported case of ischemic colitis involved use of sumatriptan and citalopram. Conclusions: The epidemiology of migraine headaches and depression, and the association of migraine headaches with menses increase the likelihood of young female patients taking combinations of 5-hydroxytryptamine-1 (5HT1) receptor agonists with OCPs and SSRIs. We present this case to alert hospitalists to this cause of ischemic colitis and to urge neurologists and primary care physicians to counsel patients about correct usage of 5HT1 receptor agonists. It may be prudent to avoid combination of OCPs, SSRIs, and 5HT1 receptor agonists. ER  - 
Lipid signaling in cytosolic phospholipase A2α- cyclooxygenase-2 cascade mediates cerebellar longterm depression and motor learning; In this study, we show the crucial roles of lipid signaling in longterm depression (LTD), that is, synaptic plasticity prevailing in cerebellar Purkinje cells. In mouse brain slices, we found that cPLA2α knockout blocked LTD induction, which was rescued by replenishing arachidonic acid (AA) or prostaglandin (PG) D2 or E2. Moreover, cyclooxygenase (COX)-2 inhibitors block LTD, which is rescued by supplementing PGD 2/E2. The blockade or rescue occurs when these reagents are applied within a time window of 5-15 min following the onset of LTD-inducing stimulation. Furthermore, PGD2/E2 facilitates the chemical induction of LTD by a PKC activator but is unable to rescue the LTD blocked by a PKC inhibitor. We conclude that PGD2/E2 mediates LTD jointly with PKC, and suggest possible pathways for their interaction. Finally, we demonstrate in awake mice that cPLA2α deficiency or COX-2 inhibition attenuates short-term adaptation of optokinetic eye movements, supporting the view that LTD underlies motor learning. ER  - 
Necrotizing fasciitis causing severe myocardial dysfunction with ST-segment elevation in a young man; Necrotizing fasciitis is a life-threatening infection of the fascia and subcutaneous tissues. We report on a 30-year-old-man with history of intramuscular injection resulted in gluteal abscess that progressed to necrotizing fasciitis. On admission, the patient developed circulatory collapse, severe left ventricular dysfunction, and ST-segment elevation in the inferior leads. Wound and blood cultures indicated staphylococcal infection. The clinical, laboratory, echocardiographic, and electrocardiographic features are discussed. A 30-year-old man presented to the emergency department with severe left lower limb pain for 3 days. He received intramuscular injection in a private clinic 5 days before this presentation. On examination, he was conscious and alert but in distress. Vital signs revealed the following: temperature of 35.3°C, pulse rate of 115 beats/min, blood pressure of 80/50 mm Hg, respiratory rate of 24 breaths/min, and oxygen saturation of 89% on room air. Apart from peripheral cyanosis, abdominal, cardiac, and respiratory examinations were unremarkable. Lower limb examination showed tender, tense, and reddish collection in the left gluteal area and the back of the thigh down to the left leg. Results of the laboratory investigations are as follows: red blood cells, 15 × 106 μL; white blood cells, 5.7, 10.5, and 4.20 × 103/μL; platelet, 177 × 103; myoglobin, 1746, 2278, and 416 ng/mL; troponin T, less than 0.01, 0.17, and 0.45 ng/mL; creatine kinase, 1267, 2190, and 140 μg/L; creatine kinase MB, 43.3, 59.8, 77.7, and 4.0; serum glucose, 14 mmol/L; urea nitrogen, 12.5 mmol/L; creatinine, 197 μmol/L; potassium, 4.0 mmol/L; and sodium, 130 mmol/L. Gram stain test for specimen from the lesion showed scanty polymorph nuclear cells, scanty epithelial cells, and profuse gram-positive cocci (Staphylococcus aureus). Blood culture revealed S aureus. Electrocardiogram (ECG) showed sinus tachycardia and ST-segment depression in leads II, III, aVF, I, and aVL. The second ECG (30 minutes later) showed ST-segment elevation in limb leads II, III, and aVF (Fig. 1). Immediate echocardiogram revealed global hypokinesia with poor ejection fraction (EF) of the left ventricle (LV; 20%), trivial posterior pericardial effusion, and normal valves. Patients underwent immediate fluid resuscitation, intravenous antibiotics, and incision and drainage. Upon drainage, dirty colored fluid was drained with obvious loss of fascial resistance and marked ongoing necrotizing process and underwent extensive, multiple debridement. On the third day, patients become hemodynamically stable with blood pressure of 140/80 mm Hg, and second echocardiogram revealed diffuse hypokinesia with LV EF of 35% and normal pericardium. One month later, the third echocardiogram revealed normal LV with EF of 51%. The patient was doing well and referred to plastic surgery. Staphylococcal necrotizing fasciitis (NF) is a very rare disease that may be complicated with serious systemic manifestations [1-3]. The differentiation of the NF from other conditions causing shock is important as the time lag in diagnosis, and treatment is an important factor to predict the outcome in NF. Here we reported a rare case of staphylococcal NF resulted from iatrogenic gluteal abscess in a young person that led to serious cardiovascular complications. Necrotizing fasciitis was complicated with circulatory collapse and severe myocardial dysfunction with ST elevation in the inferolateral leads; we assumed differential diagnosis to reach the correct diagnosis such as acute inferior myocardial infarction (MI), severe coronary spasm, sepsis-induced myocardial dysfunction, perimyocarditis or immunomediated myocarditis, and stress cardiomyopathy (Table 1). Perimyocarditis/myopericarditis reflects simultaneous inflammation of the pericardium and heart muscle [4]. Acute myocarditis may produce an initial clinical presentation difficult to distinguish from acute MI, especially when it is associated with pericardial involvement [5]. Also, perimyocarditis can present with acute or insidious heart failure with dilated cardiomyopathy or as sudden unexpected death [4]. The proposed pathogenesis of postinfectious myocarditis is either a direct invasion of the bacteria or its toxin into the myocardium or an immunologically mediated inflammation. Simultaneous occurrence of NF and carditis favors the first hypothesis, where a time span of weeks favors the latter [4,6]. However, absence of chest pain and the localized pattern of ST elevation that completely resolved without evolutionary ST-T changes in addition to the fast resolution of the trivial pericardial effusion may not support this diagnosis. We assumed that the electrocardiographic changes and severe global myocardial dysfunction were mainly related to stress cardiomyopathy because those changes were dramatically resolved soon after improvement of the clinical and hemodynamic status using nonspecific treatment, that is, fluid resuscitation and relief of pain. Stress cardiomyopathy is a unique reversible cardiomyopathy that is frequently precipitated by a stressful event and has a clinical presentation that is indistinguishable from MI [7]. Myocardial dysfunction may occur in critically ill patients with or without sepsis or secondary to severe pain. The most common ECG change is ST-segment elevation, and approximately one third of patients with stress cardiomyopathy present with ST elevation [7]. The ST elevation is usually transient and typically present in the precordial leads, but it may be seen in the inferior and lateral leads. The ECG features at presentation do not correlate with the magnitude of LV dysfunction [7-9]. Most, if not all, patients have elevated cardiac markers that peak within 24 hours [7]. The LV systolic dysfunction and the regional wall motion abnormalities are transient and resolve completely within a matter of days to a few weeks [6]. Necrotizing fasciitis is a serious disease that needs early recognition and prompt management. Cardiovascular complications of NF should be expected and well evaluated. We proposed that stress cardiomyopathy could be a novel complication of NF that needs further studies. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Neurobiological effects of hyperforin and its potential in Alzheimer's disease therapy; St. John's Wort (SJW) has been used medicinally for over 5,000 years. Relatively recently, one of its phloroglucinol derivatives, hyperforin, has emerged as a compound of interest. Hyperforin first gained attention as the constituent of SJW responsible for its antidepressant effects. Since then, several of its neurobiological effects have been described, including neurotransmitter re-uptake inhibition, the ability to increase intracellular sodium and calcium levels, canonical transient receptor potential 6 (TRPC6) activation, N-methyl-D-aspartic acid (NMDA) receptor antagonism as well as antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties. Until recently, its pharmacological actions outside of depression had not been investigated. However, hyperforin has been shown to have cognitive enhancing and memory facilitating properties. Importantly, it has been shown to have neuroprotective effects against Alzheimer's disease (AD) neuropathology, including the ability to disassemble amyloid-β (Aβ) aggregates in vitro, decrease astrogliosis and microglia activation, as well as improve spatial memory in vivo. This review will examine some of the early studies involving hyperforin and its effects in the central nervous system (CNS), with an emphasis on its potential use in AD therapy. With further investigation, hyperforin could emerge to be a likely therapeutical candidate in the treatment of this disease. © 2010 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Effect of omega-3 fatty acids supplementation on depressive symptoms and on health-related quality of life in the treatment of elderly women with depression: A double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized clinical trial; Objective: In elderly individuals, depression is one of the most frequently missed diagnoses with negative effects on quality of life. The authors investigated whether a supplement containing long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 LCPUFA) improves depressive symptoms and health-related quality of life (HRQoL) in depressed elderly patients. Design: Eight-week, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. Setting: Nursing home in Pavia, Italy. Participants: Forty-six depressed women, aged 66-95 years. Intervention: Twenty-two depressed women were included in the intervention group (n-3 group, which received 2.5 g/d of n-3 LCPUFA, with 1.67 g of eicosapentaenoic acid [EPA] and 0.83 g of docosahesaenoic acid [DHA]), and 24 patients were included in the placebo group. The primary endpoint was the improvement of depressive symptoms, as evaluated by the Geriatric Depression Scale (GDS). Secondary endpoints were the evaluation of HRQoL, by using the Short-Form 36-Item Health Survey (SF-36), and modifications of erythrocyte membrane phospholipids fatty acid profile. All variables were assessed before and after the treatment period of 8 weeks. Results: The mean GDS at 8 weeks was significantly lower compared with the n-3 group. The SF-36 physical and mental components were significantly increased in the intervention group. Compliance was good, as confirmed by erythrocyte membrane phospholipid FA concentrations, with a significant increase of EPA and DHA in the intervention group. Conclusion: Supplementation with n-3 LCPUFA is efficacious in the amelioration of depressive symptoms and quality of life in the treatment of depressed elderly female patients. ER  - 
The role of the immune system in cognition: Possible therapeutic consequences; In inflammation, proinflammatory cytokines as part of the immune system are activated. An overactivation of proinflammatory cytokines, such as IL-6, IL-1 and TNF-α play a role in depression. Since cognitive deterioration is one of the core symptoms of depression, a role of the immune system in cognition came into the focus of research. Interestingly, several studies show in the meanwhile a strong involvement of the immune system in cognition. The term 'inflammaging' reflects the increasing pro-inflammatory immune state during aging, but it has also been shown that the blood-concentration of proinflammatory proteins such as Interleukin-6 (IL-6) and haptoglobin predict the cognitive performance three and six years later. In an animal model, the intact T-cell response was shown to be the pre-condition for a better cognitive performance. The recently published Whitehall II study showed that the concentrations of C-reactive protein and IL-6 were predictive for cognitive symptoms of depression after 12 years. Accordingly, anti-inflammatory or immunomodulatory therapy would be expected to enhance cognitive performance. Up to now there are only few data focussing on the influence of those compounds to cognition. In Alzheimer's disease, there have been studies with disappointing results. An own study using the cyclo-oxygenase-2 (COX-2) inhibitor celecoxib showed therapeutic effects on cognitive symptoms in patients with schizophrenia. COX-2 inhibition reduces the levels of proinflammatory cytokines The results and consequences of these data will be discussed. ER  - 
Dual signal transduction pathways play a crucial role in cerebellar long-term depression; We previously identified cPLA2α as the sole subtype of phospholipase A2 involved in long-term depression (LTD) in Purkinje cells of the cerebellum. In this study, we explored downstream signal transduction via cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) that converts arachidonic acid (AA) to prostaglandins (PGs). We found that, when cPLA2α was deleted by gene knockout or COX-2 was inhibited pharmacologically, LTD was no longer induced, yet it was effectively rescued by replenishing PGD2 or E2 by either intracellular infusion or extracellular perfusion. PGE2, however, was unable to rescue the LTD blocked by a PKC inhibitor. These results are difficult to reconcile with the current hypothesis that a PLA2-AA-PKC-ERK1/2-PLA2 loop provides the induction mechanism of LTD. We conclude that coincidental activation of the cPLA2α-AA-COX-2-PGD2/E2 cascade with a pathway involving PKC is critically required for LTD induction. ER  - 
Diseases and Drugs That Increase Risk of Acute Large Bowel Ischemia; Background & Aims: Information is limited on risk factors for acute large bowel ischemia (ALBI). We investigated diseases and drugs associated with ALBI. Methods: We compared patients hospitalized with ALBI and controls through multivariate analysis of prior outpatient/emergency department/inpatient diagnoses and pharmacy dispensing records. Results: There were 379 cases and 1516 controls (median age, 69 y; range, 25-97 y; 74.4% female). Disorders that were diagnosed in more cases than controls, based on univariate analysis (P < .05), included hypertension, diabetes, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, atrial fibrillation, congestive heart failure, depression, asthma, coronary artery disease, dementia, rheumatoid arthritis, irritable bowel syndrome, dialysis dependency, diarrhea, and constipation. Drugs dispensed to more cases than controls were antihypertensives, opioids, statins, female hormones, potentially constipating drugs, histamine H2-antagonists, immunomodulators, digoxin, clopidogrel/ticlopidine, taxanes/vinca alkaloids, and antibiotics. In all cases, ALBI was associated independently with hypertension (adjusted odds ratio [AOR], 3.21, 95% confidence interval [CI]; 2.28-4.53; P < .0001), chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (AOR, 3.13; 95% CI, 2.06-4.75; P < .0001), diarrhea (AOR, 2.36; 95% CI, 1.13-4.89; P = .0218), atrial fibrillation (AOR, 2.21; 95% CI, 1.34-3.64; P = .0019), congestive heart failure (AOR, 1.94; 95% CI, 1.11-3.39; P = .0205), diabetes (AOR, 1.82; 95% CI, 1.31-2.53; P = .0004), antibiotics (AOR, 3.30; 95% CI, 2.19-4.96; P < .0001), opioids (AOR, 1.96; 95% CI, 1.43-2.67; P < .0001), and potentially constipating drugs (AOR, 1.75; 95% CI, 1.25-2.44; P = .0012). Analysis of only women revealed similar associations except for diarrhea plus rheumatoid arthritis (AOR, 3.27; 95% CI, 1.07-9.96; P = .0370), irritable bowel syndrome (AOR, 2.72; 95% CI, 1.04-7.14; P = .0424), and female hormones (AOR, 1.88; 95% CI, 1.30-2.73; P = .0009). Conclusions: Heterogeneous diseases and drugs increase the risk of ALBI, consistent with multifactorial pathogenesis. © 2010 AGA Institute. ER  - 
Patient-reported outcomes improve with etanercept plus methotrexate in active early rheumatoid arthritis and the improvement is strongly associated with remission: The COMET trial; Objectives: To compare the effects of etanercept (ETN) 50 mg once weekly plus methotrexate (MTX) versus MTX alone on patient-reported outcomes (PROs) and the relationship between remission and PRO improvement. Methods: In this double-blind, randomised clinical trial (COMET), PROs included: the Health Assessment Questionnaire (HAQ), EuroQoL health status, fatigue and pain visual analogue scales, Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale, and Medical Outcomes Short-Form-36. Mean changes from baseline were analysed by analysis of covariance using the last observation carried forward method. Results from week 52 are presented. Results: Most PROs demonstrated significantly greater improvements with ETN+MTX than MTX alone, including physical functioning, pain, fatigue and overall health status. A significantly greater improvement in HAQ score was observed in the ETN+MTX than the MTX group (-1.02 vs -0.72; p<0.001) and a greater proportion reached the minimal clinically important difference of 0.22 (88% vs 78%; p<0.006). The relationship between PRO score and clinical status indicated that improvement was greatest among patients achieving remission. Conclusions: Early treatment with ETN+MTX leads to significantly greater improvements in multiple dimensions of PROs than MTX alone. The close relationship between disease activity and PRO improvement suggests that early treatment, with remission as a goal, should maximise the chance of restoring normal functioning and HRQoL. ER  - 
Incidence, reversal, and prevention of opioid-induced respiratory depression; Opioid treatment of pain is generally safe with 0.5% or less events from respiratory depression. However, fatalities are regularly reported. The only treatment currently available to reverse opioid respiratory depression is by naloxone infusion. The efficacy of naloxone depends on its own pharmacological characteristics and on those (including receptor kinetics) of the opioid that needs reversal. Short elimination of naloxone and biophase equilibration half-lives and rapid receptor kinetics complicates reversal of high-affinity opioids. An opioid with high receptor affinity will require greater naloxone concentrations and/or a continuous infusion before reversal sets in compared with an opioid with lower receptor affinity. The clinical approach to severe opioid-induced respiratory depression is to titrate naloxone to effect and continue treatment by continuous infusion until chances for renarcotization have diminished. New approaches to prevent opioid respiratory depression without affecting analgesia have led to the experimental application of serotinine agonists, ampakines, and the antibiotic minocycline. © 2010 American Society of Anesthesiologists, Inc. ER  - 
COX-2 inhibitors as antidepressants and antipsychotics: Clinical evidence; Antidepressant and antipsychotic drugs, predominantly serotonin and/or norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors and dopamine D2-antagonizing antipsychotic compounds, have several limitations. In addition, the exact pathophysiological mechanism leading to serotonergic, noradrenergic and dopaminergic dysfunction in psychotic disorders remains unclear. It has been postulated that an inflammatory mechanism may be involved in the pathogenesis of both depression and psychotic disorders. Furthermore, the differential activation of the enzyme indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase (IDO) and of the tryptophan/kynurenine metabolic pathway, resulting in the increased production of kynurenic acid in schizophrenia, and a possible increase in quinolinic acid in depression, also may play a key role in these diseases. Such differences are associated with an imbalance in glutamatergic neurotransmission that may contribute to increased levels of NMDA agonism in depression and NMDA antagonism in schizophrenia. In addition, immunological imbalance results in the increased production of PGE2 in schizophrenia and depression, as well as increased COX-2 expression in schizophrenia. Although there is evidence supporting the hypothesis that interactions between immune system components, IDO, the serotonergic system and glutamatergic neurotransmission play a key role in schizophrenia and depression, several gaps in knowledge remain, such as regarding the role of genetics, disease course, gender and different psychopathological states. There is evidence indicating that anti-inflammatory therapy may have beneficial effects in schizophrenia and major depression (MD). COX-2 inhibitors have been tested in animal models and in preliminary clinical trials, demonstrating favorable activity compared with placebo, both in schizophrenia and MD. However, the effects of COX-2 inhibition in the CNS, as well as toward different components of the inflammatory system, kynurenine metabolism and glutamatergic neurotransmission, require further evaluation, which should include clinical trials with larger numbers of patients. The potential inflammatory mechanism in schizophrenia and MD, and the possible therapeutic advantages of targeting this mechanism in the treatment of these disorders is discussed in this review. © Thomson Reuters (Scientific) Ltd ISSN. ER  - 
FAAH and MAGL inhibitors: Therapeutic opportunities from regulating endocannabinoid levels; Apart from their widespread recreational abuse, the psychoactive preparations of the plant Cannabis sativa and its major psychotropic component, Δ9-tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), are also known for their medicinal properties. Following the identification of receptors for THC - the cannabinoid CB1 and CB2 receptors - in mammals, various pharmaceutical strategies have attempted to exploit the properties of the cannabinoid system while minimizing psychotropic side effects. The cloning of the cannabinoid CB1 and CB2 receptors enabled the discovery of the endogenous agonists of the receptors, the endocannabinoids, and eventually led to the identification of enzymes that catalyze endocannabinoid inactivation. Unlike exogenously administered THC and synthetic CB1 and CB2 agonists, the endocannabinoids that are produced endogenously following the onset of several pathologies may act in a site- and time-specific manner to minimize the consequences of such conditions. This observation has suggested the possibility of targeting endocannabinoid-degrading enzymes to prolong the precisely regulated pro-homeostatic action of endocannabinoids. Two major enzymes have been cloned and investigated thoroughly: fatty acid amide hydrolase (FAAH) and monoacylglycerol lipase (MAGL). Inhibitors of these enzymes have demonstrated therapeutic benefit in animal models of several disorders, including neuropathic pain, anxiety and inflammatory bowel diseases, as well as against the proliferation and migration of cancer cells. This review describes the major biochemical properties of FAAH and MAGL, and the design and pharmacological properties of inhibitors of these enzymes. © Thomson Reuters (Scientific) Ltd ISSN. ER  - 
Effect of intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy on the functions of hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenocortical axis and adrenal cortex in normal neonates; Objective: To study the effect of intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP) on the functions of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenocortical (HPA) axis and adrenal cortex in normal neonates. Methods: Demographic characteristics, prenatal anxiety and depression, and perceived stress during delivery were investigated in 32 ICP women and 32 controls. The cord blood levels of cortisal, adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH), and dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEAS) were measured by the radioimmunity technique in normal neonates immediately after birth. Results: The scores of prenatal anxiety and depression in ICP women were significantly higher than those in controls (P <0.05 and P < 0.01, respectively). There were no significant differences in the perceived stress during delivery between the two groups. The cord blood levels of cortisol and ACTH in neonates from ICP women were significantly lower (P <0.01), while the DHEAS level was significantly higher (P <0.01) than in neonates from controls. The DHEAS/ACTH ratio was significantly higher (P<0.01), while the cortisol/DHEAS ratio was significantly lower in the ICP group (P <0.01) than in the control group. The glycocholic acid level in ICP women was positively correlated with the DHEAS level in neonatal cord blood (r =0.47, P <0.01). Conclusions: There may be a dissociation between cortisol and DHEAS in neonates with normal birth outcome from ICP women. ICP may result in a decreased responsiveness of HPA axis and an increased secretion of DHEAS by adrenal cortex in these neonates. This suggests that there might be dysfunction of the fetal zones of the adrenal cortex. ER  - 
Role of omega-3 fatty acids in maternal, fetal, infant and child wellbeing; Many pregnant women avoid dietary fish, the premier source of omega-3 fats, owing to fear of industrial contaminants. This concern, combined with a Western diet relatively deficient in omega-3 fatty acids, has created an imbalance of omega-3 compared with omega-6 fats. This imbalance may lead to a proinflammatory state that contributes to a number of complications, including preterm birth, pregnancy-induced hypertension and postpartum depression. Fetal deficiency of omega-3 fats may place infants at risk for allergic disease and suboptimum neuropsychiatric development. Although a number of studies of omega-3 fatty acid supplementation are suggestive of benefit, other studies have not shown a benefit. More research is needed to elucidate the risks and benefits of fish consumption and dietary omega-3 supplementation in pregnancy. © 2010 Expert Reviews Ltd. ER  - 
Pityriasis rubra pilaris - A retrospective single center analysis over eight years; Background: Pityriasis rubra pilaris (PRP) is a rare papulosquamous dermatosis. We evaluated evaluate co-morbidities, complications, and outcome of treatment regimens. Patients and Methods: This is a retrospective study at an academic teaching hospital. We analyzed all patients with the definite diagnosis of PRP seen since 2001. Epidemiologic data, co-morbidities, response to and course during treatment were investigated. Results: We identified 10 PRP-patients (6 men, 4 women), mean age 56.4 years, with type I (n = 9) and type IV (n = 1). Three patients had internal co-morbidities (atrial fibrillation with cardiac insufficiency, dilated cardiomyopathy, diabetes mellitus). Two patients needed psychiatric treatment because of depression. PRP caused ectropium (2 ×), diffuse effluvium (1 ×), and stenosis of the outer ear canal (1 ×). We did not observe a spontaneous remission. Among 9 patients with PRP type I, five were treated with acitretin (two of them as Re-PUVA), and two with methotrexate (in one patient combined with fumaric acids). Systemic corticosteroids were not effective. One patient was treated with infliximab i.v., 5 mg/kg body weight. Starting with the first application, inflammatory activity decreased and erythema got paler. The treatment was well tolerated. Conclusions: PRP type I is a severe, chronic inflammatory dermatosis responding hesitantly to classic systemic therapies. Tumor necrosis factor-α antagonists are an effective treatment option for difficult cases. © Blackwell Verlag GmbH, Berlin. ER  - 
Metabolic syndrome, age-associated neuroendocrine disorders, and dysregulation of tryptophan - Kynurenine metabolism; The neuroendocrine theory of aging identified a cluster of conditions (hypertension, obesity, dyslipidemia, diabetes type 2, menopause, late onset depression, vascular cognitive impairment, impairment of immune defense, and some forms of cancer, e.g., breast and prostate) as age-associated neuroendocrine disorders (AAND). Obesity, dyslipidemia, hypertension, and type 2 diabetes were later described as metabolic syndromes (MetS). Chronic inflammation is currently considered as a common feature of MetSAAND. One of the mechanisms by which chronic inflammation might trigger andor maintain the development of MetSAAND is transcriptional induction of indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase (IDO), rate-limiting enzyme of tryptophan (TRY)-kynurenine (KYN) pathway, by pro-inflammatory cytokines (PIC). Activation of IDO shifts TRY metabolism from serotonin synthesis to formation of "kynurenines." Diminished serotonin production is associated with mental depression while increased formation of kynurenines might contribute to development of MetSAAND via their apoptotic, neurotoxic, and pro-oxidative effects, and upregulation of inducible nitric oxide synthase, phospholipase A2, arachidonic acid, prostaglandin, 5-lipoxygenase, and leukotriene cascade. The combined presence of high producers of alleles of polymorphic PIC genes (e.g., interferon-gamma and tumor necrosis factor alpha) might account for the genetic predisposition to high levels of PIC production, leading to "superinduction" of IDO. The other rate-limiting enzyme of the TRY-KYN pathway, TRY 2,3-dioxygenase, is activated by substrate (TRY) and cortisol. Therefore, KYN-TRY metabolism might be the meeting point for gene-environment interaction and a new target for prevention and treatment of MetSAAND. © 2010 New York Academy of Sciences. ER  - 
What is the effectiveness of the use of polyunsaturated fatty acid omega-3 in the treatment of depression?; This systematic review aims to identify the effect of polyunsaturated fatty acid omega-3 on depressive disorder. A bibliographical search was conducted in the databases SciELO, PubMed and ISIWEB. The keywords used were: "depression" and "omega-3 fatty acids", " depression" and "omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid", "depression" and "n-3 fatty acids". A total of 19 studies were identified: four double-blind randomized studies, four cohorts, two cross-sectional lines and nine case-controls. Only five studies presented dropout of less than 30% and controlled for the most important confounding variables. Of the evaluated studies, 13 showed a significant positive association between omega-3 and depression, while six studies did not show a relationship between the referred variables. Therefore, future studies with similar methodology would aid in determining the precise effect of omega-3 on depressive disorders. © 2010 Expert Reviews Ltd. ER  - 
Randomized, placebo-controlled trial of flax oil in pediatric bipolar disorder; Objectives: This clinical trial evaluated whether supplementation with flax oil, containing the omega-3 fatty acid α-linolenic acid (α-LNA), safely reduced symptom severity in youth with bipolar disorder. Methods: Children and adolescents aged 6-17 years with symptomatic bipolar I or bipolar II disorder (n = 51), manic, hypomanic, mixed, or depressed, were randomized to either flax oil capsules containing 550 mg α-LNA per 1 gram or an olive oil placebo adjunctively or as monotherapy. Doses were titrated to 12 capsules per day as tolerated over 16 weeks. Primary outcomes included changes in the Young Mania Rating Scale, Child Depression Rating Scale-Revised, and Clinical Global Impressions-Bipolar ratings using Kaplan-Meier survival analyses. Results: There were no significant differences in primary outcome measures when compared by treatment assignment. However, clinician-rated Global Symptom Severity was negatively correlated with final serum omega-3 fatty acid compositions: %α-LNA (r = -0.45, p < 0.007), % eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) (r = -0.47, p < 0.005); and positively correlated with final arachidonic acid (AA) (r = 0.36, p < 0.05) and docosapentaenoic acid (DPA) n-6 (r = 0.48, p < 0.004). The mean duration of treatment for α-LNA was 11.8 weeks versus 8 weeks for placebo; however, the longer treatment duration for α-LNA was not significant after controlling for baseline variables. Subjects discontinued the study for continued depressive symptoms. Conclusions: Studies of essential fatty acid supplementation are feasible and well tolerated in the pediatric population. Although flax oil may decrease severity of illness in children and adolescents with bipolar disorder who have meaningful increases in serum EPA percent levels and/or decreased AA and DPA n-6 levels, individual variations in conversion of α-LNA to EPA and docosahexaenoic acid as well as dosing burden favor the use of fish oil both for clinical trials and clinical practice. Additionally, future research should focus on adherence and analysis of outcome based on changes in essential fatty acid tissue compositions, as opposed to group randomization alone. © 2010 The Authors. Journal compilation © 2010 John Wiley & Sons A/S. ER  - 
Inhaled morphine for palliation of dyspnea in end-stage cystic fibrosis; Purpose. The successful use of inhaled morphine to relieve dyspnea in a patient with end-stage cystic fibrosis (CF) lung disease is described. Summary. A 48-year-old man with CF was hospitalized for a pulmonary exacerbation caused by infection with Pseudomonas aeruginosa and methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA). His medical history included long-standing depression, chronic pain, spinal stenosis, benign prostatic hypertrophy, iron-deficiency anemia, and colectomy. Over the two previous years, his chronic pain had progressively worsened, and he had developed narcotic dependency. The etiology of his pain was unclear. During this time, his pulmonary status had slowly deteriorated due to chronic infection with P. aeruginosa and MRSA. As his lung function had deteriorated, he and his family had declined consideration for lung transplantation and requested no heroic interventions when death was imminent. His medications at time of admission included supplemental oxygen, dornase alfa, ipratropium bromide, and albuterol. The opioids used by the patient at the time of admission included oral methadone, oral oxycodone, transdermal fentanyl, and oral morphine sulfate. Upon admission with this pulmonary exacerbation, the patient was started on antibiotics. His pain was eventually controlled with i.v. methadone and ketamine, but his dyspnea continued. Inhaled morphine sulfate 2 mg in 5 mL of 0.9% sodium chloride injection was started and administered every four hours. Clinically significant improvements in the patient's dyspnea, measured using a modified Borg score, were observed with subsequent doses. His dyspnea remained well controlled until his death two days later. Conclusion. Inhaled morphine was effective in relieving dyspnea in a patient with end-stage CF lung disease. Copyright © 2010, American Society of Health-System Pharmacists, Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Do pregnant women and those at risk of developing post- natal depression consume lower amounts of long chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty Acids?; The aims were to compare intakes of long chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (LC n-3 PUFA) in pregnant and non-pregnant women in Australia and to compare these intakes to the Australian National Nutrition Survey of 1995 (NNS95) [1] and to determine if the LC n-3 PUFA intakes differed in women who may be 'at risk' compared with women 'not at risk' of developing post-natal depression (PND). A validated LC n-3 PUFA food frequency questionnaire and pregnant women's Edinburgh Postnatal Depression Scale (EPDS) scores were used. LC n-3 PUFA intakes were comparable to the NNS95 but did not differ due to pregnancy or whether or not a woman is at risk of developing PND. © 2010 by the authors. ER  - 
Study of sedative and anxiolytic effect of herbal extract of Nardostachys jatamansi in comparison with diazepam in rats; Background: Due to sedation, anticonvulsant and anti-pain effects, Nardostachys jatamansi has had a special place in traditional medicine of China, India and Iran. Regarding Alkaloid, Organic acid esters, valeric acid and isovalerates this plant has always been used to reduce nervous pressure and the treatment depression and chronic insomnia. Objective: Considering the importance of sedative and anxiolytic effects of this plant's we decided to have a comparative study of this plant with chemical drugs. Methods: In this study, first, the rhizome of N. jatamansi was extracted by hydromethanolic (70%) solvent and then, the presence of valporoates, in total extract was revealed by GC-MS analysis of its n-Hexane fraction. For studying the effectiveness of sedative and anxiolytic of N. jatamansi in compraison with diazepam different groups of female wistar rats received N. jatamansi (100, 200, 400 mg/kg, ip), diazepam (1.2 mg/kg, ip), di-metyl; solphoxid (DMSO) with equal volume, and 15 min after assessing the relif/sleep inducing effect (induced sleep duration by ketamine, 40 mg/kg, ip) and anxiolytic effects (using Elevated plus were done). Results: The GC-MS analysis of the n-hexan fraction of extract led to identification and quantification of fifteen compounds, the main components were a - Aristolen-1-alpha-ol (31.1%), valerenal (31%) and valerenic acid (26.5%). Pharmacological results showed that herbal extract of N. jatamansi with the maximum inhibition was observed at the does of 200 mg/kg of sedative and anxiolytic effect. Conclusion: Obtained resultes indicated that extract of N. jatamansi gives sedative and anxiolytic effects. ER  - 
Adjuvant use of nutritional and herbal medicines with antidepressants, mood stabilizers and benzodiazepines; Adjuvant use of nutritional and herbal medicines has potential to increase the efficacy of synthetic pharmaceuticals, and perhaps also decrease their side-effects by allowing lower doses to be prescribed. We evaluated current evidence for adjuvant use of nutritional and herbal medicines with antidepressants, mood stabilizers and benzodiazepines; and explored novel future areas of research. The paper also critiques current evidence for co-administration of St. John's wort with synthetic antidepressants. We performed a systematic search of MEDLINE, CINAHL, PsycINFO, The Cochrane database, China National Knowledge Infrastructure and the Chinese Science Citation Database. Search results were supplemented by a review of reference lists and a forward search using the Web of Science. Where possible we calculated effect sizes. Encouraging evidence exists for the use of omega-3 fatty acids, SAMe, folic acid and l-tryptophan adjuvantly with antidepressants to enhance response and improve efficacy. Various nutrients also have emerging evidence as effective adjuncts with antipsychotics and mood stabilizers. While some evidence supports nutritional adjuvancy with various psychopharmacotherapies, adjuvant use of herbal therapies has not been sufficiently studied to warrant standard clinical application. This remains a promising area of research via robust, safety-conscious studies. © 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Cardiac overexpression of metallothionein rescues cardiac contractile dysfunction and endoplasmic reticulum stress but not autophagy in sepsis; Sepsis is characterized by systematic inflammation where oxidative damage plays a key role in organ failure. This study was designed to examine the impact of the antioxidant metallothionein (MT) on lipopolysaccharide (LPS)-induced cardiac contractile and intracellular Ca2+ dysfunction, oxidative stress, endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress and autophagy. Mechanical and intracellular Ca2+ properties were examined in hearts from FVB and cardiac-specific MT overexpression mice treated with LPS. Oxidative stress, activation of mitogen-activated protein kinase pathways (ERK, JNK and p38), ER stress, autophagy and inflammatory markers iNOS and TNFα were evaluated. Our data revealed enlarged end systolic diameter, decreased fractional shortening, myocyte peak shortening and maximal velocity of shortening/relengthening as well as prolonged duration of relengthening in LPS-treated FVB mice associated with reduced intracellular Ca2+ release and decay. LPS treatment promoted oxidative stress (reduced glutathione/glutathione disulfide ratio and ROS generation). Western blot analysis revealed greater iNOS and TNFα, activation of ERK, JNK and p38, upregulation of ER stress markers GRP78, Gadd153, PERK and IRE1α, as well as the autophagy markers Beclin-1, LCB3 and Atg7 in LPS-treated mouse hearts without any change in total ERK, JNK and p38. Interestingly, these LPS-induced changes in echocardiographic, cardiomyocyte mechanical and intracellular Ca2+ properties, ROS, stress signaling and ER stress (but not autophagy, iNOS and TNFα) were ablated by MT. Antioxidant N-acetylcysteine and the ER stress inhibitor tauroursodeoxycholic acid reversed LPS-elicited depression in cardiomyocyte contractile function. LPS activated AMPK and its downstream signaling ACC in conjunction with an elevated AMP/ATP ratio, which was unaffected by MT. Taken together, our data favor a beneficial effect of MT in the management of cardiac dysfunction in sepsis. © 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The direction of synaptic plasticity mediated by C-fibers in spinal dorsal horn is decided by Src-family kinases in microglia: The role of tumor necrosis factor-α; Previous studies have shown that Src-family kinases (SFKs) are selectively activated in spinal microglia following peripheral nerve injury and the activated SFKs play a key role for the development of neuropathic pain. To investigate the underlying mechanism, in the present study the effect of SFKs on long-term potentiation (LTP) at C-fiber synapses in spinal dorsal horn, which is believed as central mechanism of neuropathic pain, was investigated in adult rats. Electrophysiological data revealed that pretreatment with either microglia inhibitor (minocycline, 200 μM) or SFKs inhibitors (PP2, 100 μM and SU6656, 200 μM) reversed the effect of high frequency stimulation (HFS), that is, HFS, which induces long-term potentiation (LTP) normally, induced long-term depression (LTD) after inhibition of either microglia or SFKs. Western blotting analysis showed that the level of phosphorylated SFKs (p-SFKs) in ipsilateral spinal dorsal horn was transiently increased after LTP induced by HFS, starting at 15. min and returning to control level at 60. min after HFS. Double-labeled immunofluorescence staining demonstrated that p-SFKs were highly restricted to microglia. Furthermore, we found that the inhibitory effects of minocycline or SU6656 on spinal LTP were reversed by spinal application of rat recombinant tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α 0.5. ng/ml, 200 μl). HFS failed to induce LTP of C-fiber evoked field potentials in TNF receptor-1 knockout mice and in rats pretreated with TNF-α neutralization antibody (0.6 μg/ml, 200 μl). The results suggested that in spinal dorsal horn activation of SFKs in microglia might control the direction of plastic changes at C-fiber synapses and TNF-α might be involved in the process. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Lipids modulate H2S/HS- induced NO release from S-nitrosoglutathione; Recently we observed that a gas messenger H2S/HS- released NO from S-nitrosoglutathione (Ondrias et al., Pflugers Arch. 457 (2008) 271-279). However, the effect of biological compounds on the release is not known. Measuring the NO oxidation product, which is nitrite, by the Griess reaction, we report that unsaturated fatty acid-linoleic acid and lipids having unsaturated fatty acids: asolectin, dioleoylphosphocholine and dioleoylphosphoserine depressed the H2S/HS- induced NO release from S-nitrosoglutathione. On the other hand, a depression effect of the saturated fatty acid-myristic acid and lipids having saturated fatty acids, dilauroylphosphatidylcholine, dimyristoylphosphatidylcholine, dipalmitoylphosphatidylcholine and distearoylphosphatidylcholine was less pronounced. The inhibition effect increased with the decreasing gel-to-liquid phase transitions temperature of the fatty acids and lipids. We suggest that lipid composition of biological membranes modulates NO release from nitrosoglutathione induced by H2S/HS-, assuming that a reaction of H2S/HS- with unsaturated bonds of fatty acids may be partially responsible for the effect. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The importance of toxoplasma gondii infection in diseases presenting with headaches. headaches and aseptic meningitis may be manifestations of the jarisch-herxheimer reaction; Worldwide, approximately 2 billion people are chronically infected with T. gondii with largely unknown consequences. This review presents clinical symptoms, differential diagnosis, triggering factors, treatment, and pathomechanisms responsible for idiopathic intracranial hypertension, pseudotumor cerebri, and aseptic meningitis. Literature cited in this work illustrates that immune state and other biologic mediator imbalances due to various endogenous and exogenous triggering factors may markedly affect latent central nervous system T. gondii infection/inflammation intensity, and cause reactivation of cerebral toxoplasmosis (CT). Irregularities in pro- and anti-inflammatory processes may markedly disturb the host and/or T. gondii defense mechanisms important for immune control of the parasite thereby manifesting as a wide range of neurologic symptoms and signs observed in some patients with migraine, epilepsy, celiac disease, Henoch-Schnlein purpura, and other brain disorders. This is consistent with reactivation of CT in mice after treatment with dexamethasone associated with depression of type TH1 immune response, and development of CT after administration of etanercept or other bioproducts. It seems that various types of headaches, epilepsy, aseptic meningitis, systemic adverse reactions to drugs or other substances represent the Jarisch-Herxheimer reaction due to apoptosis of T. gondii tachyzoites. Also development of some brain tumors, such as ependymoma and glioma may be associated with a chronic course of CT. Thus, all these patients should be tested for T. gondii infection. © 2009 Informa Healthcare USA, Inc. ER  - 
Lung abscess due to community acquired Klebsiella pneumonia; Introduction: In western countries, community-acquired pneumonias due to Klebsiella pneumoniae (Kp) are rare and associated with a poor prognosis and a high mortality. The severity is in part linked to the virulence of Kp. Immuno-depression, sepsis and visceral abscesses are frequently found, constituting other classical risk factors for severity and contributing to the poor prognosis. The therapeutic strategy is based on third generation cephalosporins, aminoglycosides and quinolones. Case report: We report the case of a young adult, with undiagnosed diabetes, hospitalized as an emergency for septic shock complicating a community-acquired pneumonia due to Kp and associated with multiple brain and lung abscesses. After several weeks of treatment, initially with empirical then specific antibiotics, a favourable outcome was obtained. Conclusion: This case report underlines the particular severity of infections due to Kp and their main pathophysiological mechanisms. It is also an opportunity to highlight the potential responsibility of Kp in the presence of a pneumonia with lung abscesses and finally to update the principles of antibiotic therapy. © 2009 SPLF. Édité par Elsevier Masson SAS. ER  - 
Improvements in patient-reported outcomes in moderate-to-severe psoriasis patients receiving continuous or paused etanercept treatment over 54 weeks: The CRYSTEL study; Objective To assess patient-reported outcomes (PRO) in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis receiving continuous or paused etanercept treatment. Methods In a multicentre European open-label study, one group (n = 352) received continuous therapy: 25 mg subcutaneously (SC) twice weekly (BIW) throughout 54-weeks. The other group (n = 359) received paused therapy: 50 mg SC BIW (≤ 12 weeks) until response was adequate by Physician Global Assessment; after psoriasis returned, retreatment (25 mg BIW) was begun. PRO included the Dermatology Life Quality Index (DLQI), EuroQoL-5D (EQ-5D), Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS), and the SF-36 Vitality subscale. Results At baseline, mean DLQI for patients in the continuous (12.8) and paused group (13.8), indicated significant quality-of-life impairment; mean EQ-5D utility scores were 0.65 and 0.66 for continuous and paused patients, respectively; 30.0% of continuous and 37.0% of paused patients had at least mild symptoms of depression; 40.2% and 48.6%, respectively, had at least mild symptoms of anxiety. At week 54, both groups showed statistically significant (P < 0.05) and meaningful improvement in DLQI and EQ-5D scores; improvements in HADS-D, HADS-A, and SF-36 vitality were also significant. Improvements in DLQI and EQ-5D were significantly greater in the continuous arm than the paused arm, but the differences were not meaningful. Differences between arms in HADS and SF-36 Vitality at week 54 were not significant. Conclusions At baseline, patients exhibited significant quality-of-life impairment. Both continuous and paused etanercept treatment provided improvements in PRO measures. Either regimen could be considered and care should be individualized. © 2009 European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology. ER  - 
Update and Critique of Natural Remedies as Antidepressant Treatments; The popularity of natural or "alternative" remedies to treat medical and psychiatric disorders has accelerated dramatically over the past decade, in the United States and worldwide. This article reviews the evidence for clinical efficacy, active ingredients, mechanisms of action, recommended dosages, and toxicities of the 3 best-studied putative natural antidepressants, St. John's wort (hypericum), S-adenosyl methionine, and the Ω-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid. Despite growing evidence for efficacy and safety, more comprehensive studies are required before these remedies can be recommended as safe and effective alternatives or adjuncts to conventional psychotropic agents. There are limited data regarding safety in pregnancy and during lactation, and caution is therefore recommended in women who are pregnant or breastfeeding. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Drugs in the medical treatment of Cushing's syndrome Schteingart Drugs in the medical treatment of Cushing's syndrome; Cushing's syndrome is a complex endocrine condition with potential serious complications if untreated or inadequately treated. Transsphenoidal surgery with resection of a pituitary adenoma is successful in 75 80% of patients, but approximately 20 25% show persistence of Cushing's, and a similar proportion may experience recurrence within 2 4 years post-op. When surgery fails, medical treatment can temporarily suppress excessive cortisol production and ameliorate its clinical manifestations while more definitive therapy becomes effective. We describe pharmacological approaches to the treatment of Cushing's syndrome. Drugs used to suppress cortisol secretion are mostly inhibitors of steroidogenesis. Ketoconazole, fluconazole aminoglutethimide, metyrapone, mitotane and etomidate are in that category. Ketoconazole is in current use while other drugs, although mostly available in the past, continue to have a potential role either alone or in combination. Drugs that suppress adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH) secretion are less popular as standard treatment and include cyproheptadine, valproic acid, cabergoline, somatostatin analogs, PPAR-γ agonists, vasopressin antagonists. Some of these drugs have been tested in limited clinical trials but there is potential therapeutic benefit in analogs with better specificity for the class of receptors present in ACTH-secreting tumors. A third category of drugs is glucocorticoid receptor antagonists. Mifepristone is currently being tested in clinical trials in patients with persistent or recurrent Cushing's disease and in patients with metastatic adrenal cortical carcinoma or ectopic ACTH syndrome not amenable to surgery. We also review replacement therapy after surgery and non-specific drugs to treat complications in patients with severe hypercortisol. The review provides a complete survey of the drugs used in the medical treatment of Cushing's, and new advances in the development of pituitary-active drugs as well as receptor blockers of glucocorticoid action. It also provides avenues for exploration of new drugs active on somatostatin, dopamine and vasopressin receptors. There are effective pharmacological agents capable of chronically reversing biochemical and clinical manifestations of hypercortisolemia in Cushing's syndrome but new drugs are needed with action at the pituitary level. © 2009 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and depression: A review of the evidence; Brain lipids contain a high proportion of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), which are a main component of cell membranes. Omega -3 (ω-3) PUFA eicosapentaeoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) are the most common PUFA in the brain. The physiological roles of ω-3 PUFA in the brain include regulation of cell membrane fluidity, dopaminergic and serotoninergic transmission, membrane-bound enzymes and cellular signal transduction. They are also thought to play a role in brain glucose metabolism, eicosanoid synthesis, gene expression, cell growth and protection from apoptosis. Increasing evidence from animal and human research shows ω-3 PUFA depletion may play an etiological role in several inflammatory, autoimmune and neuropsychiatric disorders. In particular, an association between ω-3 PUFA and depression was repeatedly suggested in observational and experimental studies on populations affected by major depression, depressed mood or post-partum depression. Consistently, the potential therapeutic role of ω-3 PUFA dietary supplementation was tested in clinical trials on depression. The current review identifies and evaluates available epidemiological evidence of a negative relationship between ω-3 PUFA and depression and examines its biological plausibility. Although current evidence increasingly supports an inverse association between ω-3 PUFA and depression, the validity of findings from observational and experimental research is limited by several methodological issues. Further studies with larger sample sizes and more sophisticated design are required to provide convincing evidence of a causal relationship between ω-3 PUFA and depression. © 2009 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Essential fatty acids and human brain; The human brain is nearly 60 percent fat. We've learned in recent years that fatty acids are among the most crucial molecules that determine your brain's integrity and ability to perform. Essential fatty acids (EFAs) are required for maintenance of optimal health but they can not synthesized by the body and must be obtained from dietary sources. Clinical observation studies has related imbalance dietary intake of fatty acids to impaired brain performance and diseases. Most of the brain growth is completed by 5-6 years of age. The EFAs, particularly the omega-3 fatty acids, are important for brain development during both the fetal and postnatal period. Dietary decosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is needed for the optimum functional maturation of the retina and visual cortex, with visual acuity and mental development seemingly improved by extra DHA. Beyond their important role in building the brain structure, EFAs, as messengers, are involved in the synthesis and functions of brain neurotransmitters, and in the molecules of the immune system. Neuronal membranes contain phospholipid pools that are the reservoirs for the synthesis of specific lipid messengers on neuronal stimulation or injury. These messengers in turn participate in signaling cascades that can either promote neuronal injury or neuroprotection. The goal of this review is to give a new understanding of how EFAs determine our brain's integrity and performance, and to recall the neuropsychiatric disorders that may be influenced by them. As we further unlock the mystery of how fatty acids affect the brain and better understand the brain's critical dependence on specific EFAs, correct intake of the appropriate diet or supplements becomes one of the tasks we undertake in pursuit of optimal wellness. ER  - 
Effect of Escitalopram on GABA level and anti-oxidant markers in prefrontal cortex and nucleus accumbens of chronic mild stress-exposed albino rats; Oxidative stress is a critical route of damage in various psychological stress-induced disorders, such as depression. Antidepressants are widely prescribed to treat these conditions; however, few animal studies have investigated the effect of these drugs on endogenous antioxidant status in the brain. The present study employed a 3 weeks chronic regimen of random exposure to chronic mild stress (CMS) to induce oxidative stress in brain, and behavioural aberrations (anhedonia), in rats. The sucrose preference test was used to identify depression-like phenotypes, and reversal in these indices indicated the effectiveness of treatment with escitalopram 2.5mg/kg daily orally following CMS. The level of superoxide dismutase enzyme(SOD) as an antioxidant markers in erythrocyte lysates was reduced in CMS control group while it was elevated in CMS group treated with escitalopram.Also escitalopram significantly reduce the thiobarbituric acid reactive substance(TBARS) levels in selected brain areas homogenates to a level comparable to control group. Catalase activity and GABA levels in these brain areas were also increase in escitlopram treated group. In conclusion, escitalopram is suggested to have antioxidant effect associated with an increase in GABA level in frontal cortices and nucleus accumbens homogenates from rats exposed to CMS. ER  - 
Polyunsaturated fatty acids in treatment of mental disorders in children and adolescents: Review; Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PFA) play many important functions in central nervous system. Relationship between PFA insufficiency in diet and psychiatric disorders prevalence has been suggested. This was the basis for their use in treatment trials. The aim of this review was the assessment of omega-3 fatty acids efficacy in psychiatric disorders of childhood and adolescence. We reviewed articles indexed in PubMed database till June 2008. We precisely analyzed only randomized placebo-controlled trials in patients below 18 years of age with different psychiatric diagnoses. Omega-3 fatty acids probably affect serotonergic and dopaminergic neurotransmission. Their use seems to be effective in depression, or attention deficit/ hyperctivity disorder, however study samples were not large. No evidence for their efficacy in schizophrenia has been noticed. In other psychiatric disorders (anorexia nervosa, anxiety disorders, personality disorders, substance abuse) informative studies have not been published. There are no reliable indictaions, what fatty acids, and in what proportions should be used. Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) seems to be the most effective in monotherapy or in combination with small dose of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). ER  - 
α2-Adrenoceptor subtypes-mediated physiological, pharmacological actions; α2-Adrenoceptors are involved in various physiological functions, particularly in the cardiovascular system and the central nervous system. Different adrenoceptor subtypes (α2A, α2B and α2C) have been recognised and the different subtypes may have role in activation of distinct physiological and pharmacological pathways. Some of the actions of α2-adrenoceptor stimulants are likely to be mediated exclusively by α2A-adrenoceptor subtype, like antihypertensive and bradycardic effects. α2A-Adrenoceptor may have dominant role in sedative and hypothermic actions, in inhibition of gastric acid secretion and gastric motor activity, as well as in stabilisation of thrombus. Besides α2A-adrenergic receptors α2B and α2C-adrenoceptor subtypes may also be involved in some of the classical effects of α2-adrenoceptor stimulants, like in presynaptic regulation of transmitter release and antinociceptive action. α2B-Adrenoceptor has dominant role in the vasoconstrictor effect of α2-adrenoceptor agonists, and its activation induces contraction of rat uterus in late pregnancy. α2B-Adrenoceptor mediates gastric mucosal protective action initiated centrally in the rat, as well as it may have role also in developmental or reproductive processes. α2C-Adrenoceptor subtypes may be involved in stress-dependent depression and other psychiatric illnesses like attention deficit hyperactivity disorder-together with α2A-adrenoceptor. α2C-Adrenergic receptors seem to mediate peripheral actions as well, like venous vasoconstriction. Identification of separate physiological roles for different α2-adrenergic receptor subtypes could improve design of novel compounds for specific therapeutic goals. © 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Ischemia/reperfusion reduces circulating lymphocytes in response to peritonitis; Introduction: Studies have shown that the nature of the immune response to trauma and sepsis may depend on the etiology of injury and complexity of the inciting pathogens. Hypothesis: We hypothesized that there would be differences in the response of circulating lymphocytes to three inciting events, each varying in severity. Methods: Pigs were anaesthetized and surgically instrumented for extensive hemodynamic monitoring. Following surgery, pigs were randomized into three groups: Ischemia Reperfusion(IR, n=3) -the superior mesenteric artery was clamped for 30 minutes and released; Fecal Clot (FC, n=3) -feces were collected from the cecum, mixed with blood to form a clot, and implanted into the abdomen; and “2-hit”(n=3) the animals received both FC and IR. All pigs were monitored for 48-hours (T0, i.e. zero hours post-injury -T48) or until early death and received fluid management, broad-spectrum antibiotics, and mechanical ventilation to simulate ICU care. Results: Circulating lymphocytes fell initially after the inciting event (T0-T6) in all groups, but increased in the FC group at each following time point (T6-T48) and recovered nearly to baseline levels by the end of the study. In the IR and “2-hit groups” circulating lymphocytes remained depressed throughout the study. Statistically, circulating lymphocyte levels in the FC were significantly different than both the IR (p=0.0181) and the “2-hit” group (p=0.0112) in the effect of treatment∗time in a repeated measures ANOVA. All animals had positive blood cultures for gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria. Conclusions: This study suggests a predictable trend in circulating lymphocytes, clearly delineating the effect of peritonitis compared to IR. The initial fall in circulating lymphocytes is likely due to the recruitment of lymphocytes to sites of inflammation. An explanation for the recovery of lymphocytes in the FC group is that there may have been a combination of recruitment from lymph tissue and cell proliferation in these tissues in response to an established locus of infection. Despite the similarity with FC, there was no upward trend in the “2-hit” suggesting a more profound dysfunction. We speculate that the additive effect of IR is responsible for the depression of circulating lymphocytes in the “2-hit”. It is possible that this combined injury leads to a decrease of blood lymphocytes by confounding lymphocyte migration, stunting cell proliferation and recruitment. ER  - 
Abstracts from the 2009 Advances in Inflammatory Bowel Diseases, Crohn's and Colitis Foundation's National Clinical and Research Conference; The proceedings contain 179 papers. The topics discussed include: analysis of secular trends and impact of clostridium difficile in hospitalized children with inflammatory bowel disease; need for rescue therapy in IBD patients on infliximab maintenance therapy after discontinuation of immunomodulator; is isotretinoin exposure associated with inflammatory bowel disease? a case control study; relationship between depressive severity and demographics in youth with inflammatory bowel disease; the association between IBD and venous thromboembolic events in Danish children and adults: a population-based case-control study; characterizing depression in children with inflammatory bowel disease; improved outcomes in a quality improvement collaborative for pediatric Crohn disease; immunogenicity of influenza vaccination in children with inflammatory bowel disease; and refractory clostridium difficile infection masking undiagnosed ulcerative colitis. ER  - 
The impact of neuroimmune dysregulation on neuroprotection and neurotoxicity in psychiatric disorders - Relation to drug treatment; An inflammatory pathogenesis has been postulated for schizophrenia and major depression (MD). In schizophrenia and depression, opposing patterns of type-1 vs type-2 immune response seem to be associated with differences in the activation of the enzyme indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase and in the tryptophan-kynurenine metabolism, resulting in increased production of kynurenic acid in schizophrenia and decreased production of kynurenic acid in depression. These differences are associated with an imbalance in the glutamatergic neurotransmission, which may contribute to an excessive agonist action of N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) in depression and of NMDA antagonism in schizophrenia. Regarding the neuroprotective function of kynurenic acid and the neurotoxic effects of quinolinic acid (QUIN), different patterns of immune activation may also lead to an imbalance between the neuroprotective and the neurotoxic effects of the tryptophan/kynurenine metabolism. The differential activation of microglia cells and astrocytes may be an additional mechanism contributing to this imbalance. The immunological imbalance results in an inflammatory state combined with increased prostaglandin E2 production and increased cyclo-oxygenase-2 (COX-2) expression. The immunological effects of many existing antipsychotics and antidepressants, however, partly correct the immune imbalance and the excess production of the neurotoxic QUIN. COX-2 inhibitors have been tested in animal models of depression and in preliminary clinical trials, pointing to favorable effects in schizophrenia and in MD. © 2009, LLS SAS. ER  - 
Effects of oleic acid surface coating on the properties of nickel ferrite nanoparticles/PLA composites; Nickel ferrite nanoparticles with or without oleic acid surface coating were mixed with poly(D,L-lactide) (PLA) by double emulsion method. If the nanoparticles were prepared without oleic acid coating, they adsorbed on the PLA surface. If the nanoparticles were coated with oleic acid, they could be readily encapsulated within the PLA microspheres. A slight depression in glass transition temperature was found in all composites and it could be related to the interfacial energies between nanoparticles and PLA. Optimum mixed composite was achieved by reducing interfacial energy. However, loading capacity was limited in this composite. Increasing the amount of nickel ferrite nanoparticles was not useful to increase loading capacity. Cytotoxicity of the composite decreased significantly when nickel ferrite nanoparticles were effectively encapsulated in PLA microspheres. © 2008 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. ER  - 
Oral squamous cell carcinoma in a Vietnamese pot-bellied pig (Sus scrofa); An 18-year-old, neutered, male Vietnamese pot-bellied pig (Sus scrofa) was treated for chronic, intermittent nasal discharge and sneezing. The animal was diagnosed with severe periodontal disease (grade IV), an oronasal fistula, and multiple tooth root abscesses via dental examination and computed tomography of the skull. Dentistry was performed, including multiple tooth extractions, and antibiotic therapy was initiated. Eighteen months later, the animal was evaluated for lethargy, anorexia, and a firm, 12 cm × 12 cm mass between the 2 rami of the mandible. Laboratory testing revealed moderate anemia, severe leukocytosis, and hyperglobulinemia. Skull radiographs indicated osteomyelitis of the mandible and soft-tissue swelling. A fine-needle aspirate and biopsy were taken, and results were consistent with squamous cell carcinoma. Treatment with piroxicam and antibiotics was initiated as needed to control signs of pain and secondary infection, respectively. Three months after diagnosis, the pig was euthanized due to cachexia and severe depression secondary to squamous cell carcinoma. On postmortem examination, the right mandibular area contained multiple, coalescing, irregular masses extending from the ramus rostrally to the mandibular canine teeth and ventrally within the intermandibular space, completely obliterating the normal anatomy. An open midshaft fracture was present on the right mandible. On histopathology, the masses were confirmed as locally invasive and destructive squamous cell carcinoma. No evidence of metastasis was noted in regional lymph nodes or in any of the distant sites evaluated. ER  - 
Cardiac function and the proinflammatory cytokine response after recovery from cardiac arrest in swine; Increased levels of cytokines have been reported after resuscitation from cardiac arrest. We hypothesized that proinflammatory cytokines, released in response to ischemia/reperfusion, increase following resuscitation and play a role in post-cardiac arrest myocardial dysfunction. Ventricular fibrillation (VF) was induced by coronary occlusion in 20 swine. After 7 min of VF, resuscitation was performed as per guidelines. Plasma levels of tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-, interleukin (IL)-1, and IL-6 were measured 15 min after the start of resuscitation in all animals and at intervals of 6 h in resuscitated animals. Intravascular pressures and cardiac output (CO) were also recorded. TNF- abruptly increased after resuscitation, peaking at 15 min following return of spontaneous circulation, and declined to baseline levels after 3 h. IL-1 increased more slowly, reaching a maximum 2 h after reperfusion. IL-6 concentrations were not significantly different from control values at any time point. Males demonstrated greater elevations of TNF- and IL-1 than females. Stroke work was significantly depressed at all time points with a nadir at 15-30 min after reperfusion, corresponding to the peak TNF- values. The anti-TNF- antibody infliximab attenuated the decrease in myocardial function observed 30 min after reperfusion. TNF- increases during recovery from cardiac arrest are associated with depression of left ventricle (LV) function. The effect of TNF- can be attenuated by anti-TNF- antibodies. © 2009 Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. ER  - 
Overview of neurobrucellosis: a pooled analysis of 187 cases; Central nervous system involvement is a serious complication of brucellosis; data found in the literature are generally restricted to case reports and case series. In this study we pooled the data from Turkish medical practice in order to gain a thorough understanding of the subject. A search of Turkish publications on chronic neurobrucellosis was made using both Turkish and international databases. A total of 35 publications were analyzed and 187 neurobrucellosis cases were evaluated. Headache, fever, sweating, weight loss, and back pain were the predominant symptoms, while meningeal irritation, confusion, hepatomegaly, hypoesthesia, and splenomegaly were the most frequent findings. The major complications in patients were cranial nerve involvement, polyneuropathy/radiculopathy, depression, paraplegia, stroke, and abscess formation. Antibiotics were used in different combinations and over different intervals. The duration of antibiotic therapy reported ranged from 2 to 15 months (median 5 months). The mortality was 0.5% with suitable antibiotics. Neurobrucellosis may mimic various pathologies. For this reason, a thorough evaluation of the patient with probable disease is crucial for an accurate diagnosis and proper management of the disease. © 2009. ER  - 
Oxidative stress parameters after combined fluoxetine and acetylsalicylic acid therapy in depressive patients; Objective: There are numerous reports indicating disturbed equilibrium between oxidative processes and antioxidative defense in patients with depression. Moreover, depressive patients are characterized by the presence of elements of an inflammatory process, which is one of the sources of reactive oxygen species (ROS). In view of the above, it was decided to study both the effect of fluoxetine monotherapy and that of fluoxetine co-administered with acetylsalicylic acid on lipid peroxidation and antioxidative defense in patients with the first depressive episode in their life. Method: Seventy seven patients with major depressive disorder (MDD), divided into two groups were included in the study. The first group, consisting of 52 patients, received fluoxetine 20 mg, and the second one, in addition to fluoxetine 20 mg, received 150 mg of acetylsalicylic acid. The activity of antioxidative enzymes, copper-zinc superoxide dismutase (CuZnSOD, SOD1), catalase (CAT), glutathione peroxidase (GPSH-x) and the concentration of malonyldialdehyde (MDA) was determined in erythrocytes, whereas the total antioxidant status (TAS) was determined in the plasma. All parameters were measured before and after three month therapy. Results: The obtained results indicate a significant decrease in the activity of SOD1, CAT and GSHP-x, as well as in MDA concentration after the combined therapy. Also a significant TAS increase was observed after the combined therapy. The study demonstrated that combined therapy with fluoxetine and ASA is characterized by the same efficacy and clinical safety as fluoxetine monotherapy, resulting additionally in improvement of oxidative stress parameters in the patients treated for depression. Copyright © 2009 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Cardiac dysfunction in severe sepsis and septic shock; Purpose of review Severe sepsis and septic shock are among the most important causes of morbidity and mortality in patients admitted to the intensive care unit. The purpose of this review is to review current understanding of sepsis-induced cardiac dysfunction and discuss pertinent findings regarding its clinical presentation, underlying mechanisms of disease, and therapy. Recent findings Cardiac dysfunction in sepsis is characterized by decreased contractility, impaired ventricular response to fluid therapy, and in some patients ventricular dilatation. Current data support a complex underlying physiopathology with a host of potential pathways leading to myocardial depression. Circulating factors such as cytokines (TNF-a, IL-1b), lysozyme c, endothelin-1 have direct inhibitory actions on myocyte contractility. Nitric oxide has a complex role in sepsis-induced cardiac dysfunction. Current data suggest a combination of deleterious and positive effects on the myocardium determined by the specific type of nitric oxide expressed. Recent studies have shown that mitochondrial dysfunction and apoptosis also play a role in the development of sepsis-induced cardiac dysfunction. Current treatment for sepsis-induced cardiac dysfunction is based on appropriate treatment for the infectious focus (antibiotics and source control) and hemodynamic support (fluids, vasopressors, and inotropes). Summary Cardiac dysfunction is common in patients with severe sepsis and septic shock. Current understanding of the underlying mechanisms responsible is rapidly evolving and future novel therapeutic targets may be soon available. Present therapy for sepsis-induced cardiac dysfunction is based on treatment of underlying sepsis with antibiotics and hemodynamic support. © 2009 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
EPA but not DHA appears to be responsible for the efficacy of omega-3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation in depression: evidence from a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.; BACKGROUND: Epidemiologic and case-control data suggest that increased dietary intake of omega-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega3 LC-PUFAs) may be of benefit in depression. However, the results of randomized controlled trials are mixed and controversy exists as to whether either eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) or docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) or both are responsible for the reported benefits. OBJECTIVE: The aim of the current study was to provide an updated meta-analysis of all double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized controlled trials examining the effect of omega3 LC-PUFA supplementation in which depressive symptoms were a reported outcome. The study also aimed to specifically test the differential effectiveness of EPA versus DHA through meta-regression and subgroup analyses. DESIGN: Studies were selected using the PubMed database on the basis of the following criteria: (1) randomized design; (2) placebo controlled; (3) use of an omega3 LC-PUFA preparation containing DHA, EPA, or both where the relative amounts of each fatty acid could be quantified; and (4) reporting sufficient statistics on scores of a recognizable measure of depressive symptoms. RESULTS: Two hundred forty-one studies were identified, of which 28 met the above inclusion criteria and were therefore included in the subsequent meta-analysis. Using a random effects model, overall standardized mean depression scores were reduced in response to omega3 LC-PUFA supplementation as compared with placebo (standardized mean difference = -0.291, 95% CI = -0.463 to -0.120, z = -3.327, p = 0.001). However, significant heterogeneity and evidence of publication bias were present. Meta-regression studies showed a significant effect of higher levels of baseline depression and lower supplement DHAEPA ratio on therapeutic efficacy. Subgroup analyses showed significant effects for: (1) diagnostic category (bipolar disorder and major depression showing significant improvement with omega3 LC-PUFA supplementation versus mild-to-moderate depression, chronic fatigue and non-clinical populations not showing significant improvement); (2) therapeutic as opposed to preventive intervention; (3) adjunctive treatment as opposed to monotherapy; and (4) supplement type. Symptoms of depression were not significantly reduced in 3 studies using pure DHA (standardized mean difference 0.001, 95% CI -0.330 to 0.332, z = 0.004, p = 0.997) or in 4 studies using supplements containing greater than 50% DHA (standardized mean difference = 0.141, 95% CI = -0.195 to 0.477, z = 0.821, p = 0.417). In contrast, symptoms of depression were significantly reduced in 13 studies using supplements containing greater than 50% EPA (standardized mean difference = -0.446, 95% CI = -0.753 to -0.138, z = -2.843, p = 0.005) and in 8 studies using pure ethyl-EPA (standardized mean difference = -0.396, 95% CI = -0.650 to -0.141, z = -3.051, p = 0.002). However, further meta-regression studies showed significant inverse associations between efficacy and study methodological quality, study sample size, and duration, thus limiting the confidence of these findings. CONCLUSIONS: The current meta-analysis provides evidence that EPA may be more efficacious than DHA in treating depression. However, owing to the identified limitations of the included studies, larger, well-designed, randomized controlled trials of sufficient duration are needed to confirm these findings. ER  - 
Polyunsaturated fatty acid status in attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, depression, and Alzheimer's disease: Towards an omega-3 index for mental health?; Interest in the role of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), particularly long-chain (LC) omega-3 (n-3) PUFAs, in mental health is increasing. This review investigates whether n-3 PUFA levels are abnormal in people with three prevalent mental health problems - attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, depression, and dementia. Data sources included PubMed,Web of Science, and bibliographies of papers published in English that describe PUFA levels in the circulation of individuals who have these mental health conditions. Although abnormal blood PUFA levels were reported in a number of studies, weighted comparisons of PUFA status showed no significant differences overall between people with mental health problems and controls. Whether those with lown-3 PUFA status are likely to be more responsive to n-3 PUFA supplementation is not yet resolved. Further studies assessing PUFA levels and mental status with greater uniformity are required in order to clarify the relationship between LC n-3 PUFA status and mental health. © 2009 International Life Sciences Institute. ER  - 
Higher dietary intake of long-chain ω-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids is inversely associated with depressive symptoms in women; Objective: Experimental and observational data suggest that a higher dietary intake of long-chain ω-3 polyunsaturated acids may lead to a decreased risk of depressive disorders. We assessed multivariable-adjusted associations of fish consumption and dietary intakes of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) with depressive symptoms in a population-based sample of 3317 African-American and Caucasian men and women from the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults study. Methods: Diet was assessed in year 7 (1992-1993) and depressive symptoms were measured in years 10 (1995-1996), 15 (2000-2001), and 20 (2005-2006) by the 20-item Center for Epidemiological Studies Depression Scale. Depressive symptoms were defined as a Center for Epidemiological Studies Depression Scale score ≥16 or self-reported use of antidepressant medication. Results: In the entire cohort, the highest quintiles of intakes of EPA (≥0.03% energy), DHA (≥0.05% energy), and EPA + DHA (≥0.08% energy) were associated with a lower risk of depressive symptoms at year 10 (P for trends = 0.16, 0.10, and 0.03, respectively). The observed inverse associations were more pronounced in women. For the total number of occasions with depressive symptoms, the multivariable adjusted odds ratios (95% confidence interval) in women were 0.75 (0.55-1.01) for fish intake, 0.66 (0.50-0.89) for EPA, 0.66 (0.49-0.89) for DHA, and 0.71 (0.52-0.95) for EPA + DHA when comparing the highest with the lowest quintiles. Analyses of continuous Center for Epidemiological Studies Depression Scale scores revealed inverse associations with fourth-root-transformed ω-3 variables in women. Conclusion: Our findings suggest that dietary intakes of fish and long-chain ω-3 fatty acids may be inversely associated with chronic depressive symptoms in women. © 2009. ER  - 
Long-chain n-3 fatty acid levels in baseline serum phospholipids do not predict later occurrence of depressive episodes: A nested case-control study within a cohort of middle-aged French men and women; The goal of this study was to seek the relations between baseline n-3 PUFA status and the later occurrence of depressive episodes in a French cohort of middle-aged men and women, the SU.VI.MAX study. A nested case-control study was designed within the cohort: cases with at least two depressive episodes during the 8-year follow-up were paired to non-depressed controls, antidepressant prescriptions being taken as markers of depressive episodes. The fatty acid profiles of baseline serum phospholipids have been determined. Results were analyzed using logistic regression and principal component analysis, taking into account depression history and demographic and lifestyle confounders. There was no consistent association of depression risk with any serum fatty acid, and in particular there was no association of depression risk with the long-chain n-3 PUFA eicosapentaenoic, docosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids. This study does not support the hypothesis of a predictive value of n-3 PUFA status for depression in population settings. © 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Emerging role of glutamate in the pathophysiology of major depressive disorder; Major depressive disorder (MDD) is a common, chronic, recurrent mental illness that affects millions of individuals worldwide. To date, the monoaminergic systems (serotonin, norepinephrine, and dopamine) have received the most attention in the neurobiology of MDD, and all classes of antidepressants target these monoaminergic systems. Accumulating evidence suggests that the glutamatergic system plays an important role in the neurobiology and treatment of this disease. Some clinical studies have demonstrated that the non-competitive N-methyl-d-aspartate (NMDA) receptor antagonist ketamine has rapid antidepressant effects in treatment-resistant patients with MDD. Here, the author reviews the recent findings on the role of the glutamatergic system in the neurobiology of MDD and in new potential therapeutic targets (NMDA receptors, AMPA receptors, metabotropic glutamate receptors, ceftriaxone, minocycline, N-acetyl-l-cysteine) for MDD. © 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Upper gastrointestinal symptoms in patients with cardiovascular risk taking low-dose acetylsalicylic acid: An observational study; OBJECTIVES: To explore upper gastrointestinal (GI) symptoms in patients with cardiovascular (CV) risk who require low-dose acetylsalicylic acid (ASA; aspirin) therapy, and patients' evaluation of GI symptoms. METHODS: This multicentre, observational study (ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT00681759; AstraZeneca study code: D961FC00004), conducted at 77 centres in USA, Canada and France, included patients ≥18 years at risk of or with CV disease, prescribed daily low-dose ASA (75- 325 mg) within the past 5 years or who were about to begin low-dose ASA therapy. Patients were surveyed to collect 12-months retrospective data on: GI symptoms, low-dose ASA use, and the impact of dyspeptic symptoms on adherence to low-dose ASA and other CV medications. Patients completed the 12-item Short-Form Health Survey (SF-12), the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS) and the 8-item Morisky Medication Adherence Scale (MMAS-8). RESULTS: In total, 1770 patients (mean age 57 years; 54% women) were assessed; 81.0% were aged <70 years. Most patients (71%) needed low-dose ASA for secondary or high-risk primary CV prevention; 29% of patients were low-dose ASA-naïve. Among patients with GI symptoms (n = 935) in the past year, 547 (58.5%) experienced GI symptoms within 14 days prior to survey completion. Of these, 380 (69.5%) attributed sleeping difficulties during the previous week to their GI symptoms; one quarter described sleeping difficulties as occurring often or daily. A total of 366 patients (66.9%) had dyspeptic symptoms in the past 14 days. Patients who experienced dyspeptic symptoms had significantly worse SF-12 domain scores (all p < 0.01) and HADS anxiety and depression domain scores (p < 0.01) than those without dyspeptic symptoms. Patients with dyspeptic symptoms taking CV medications, had significantly lower CV medication compliance scores, than patients without dyspeptic symptoms (p = 0.03). CONCLUSIONS: Among patients requiring low-dose ASA for cardioprotection, those who experience dyspeptic symptoms report worse health scores, increased anxiety and depression levels, and poorer compliance with CV medications. ER  - 
Cellular, molecular and electrophysiological mechanisms of enhanced hippocampal excitability following peripheral inflammation; Purpose: CNS inflammation is acknowledged as an important factor in seizure pathophysiology, however, little is known about the role of peripheral inflammation. We recently demonstrated that peripheral inflammation is capable of increasing susceptibility to seizures in-vivo and epileptiform events in vitro and this is highly dependent upon microglial activation and TNF(alpha) release in the brain. Here, we examined the mechanisms underlying the increased CNS excitability following peripheral inflammation. Method: We used arat model of peripheral inflammation (colitis induced by intracolonic administration of 2,4,6-trinitrobenzene sulfonic acid). Hippocampal slices were obtained and field excitatory postsynaptic potentials (fEPSP) arising from Shaffer collateral stimulation were recorded from CA1 area. To evaluate the role of microgliain hippocampal excitability we inhibited microglial activation by chronic minocycline injection (45 mg/kg/12h; ip). Real time rt-PCR using validated primers evaluated glutamate receptor subunit expression in microdissected CA1 tissue. Results: In slices from inflamed animals, fEPSP slopes were significantly enhanced with no change in paired-pulse ratios. The increase in fEPSP slope was inhibited by minocycline. In addition, the ability to induce both long-term potentiation and long-term depression in CA1 was significantly reduced. Glutamate receptor subunit expression analysis revealed a significant decrease in GluR2 and an increase in NR2B in CA1 from animals with peripheral inflammation. Conclusion: Our data suggest a postsynaptic change of synaptic transmission in hippocampus following peripheral inflammation, as well as decreased synaptic plasticity. These changes are mediated by microglial activation and may underlie both increased susceptibility to seizures and epileptogenesis. ER  - 
Pulmonary alveolar proteinosis (PAP) associated with pregnancy; INTRODUCTION: PAP was first described in 1958 and is of unknown etiology. Surfactant material fills the alveoli and stains positive with periodic acid-Schiff (PAS). The course of the disease ranges from respiratory failure to spontaneous resolution. It occurs in three clinical forms: congenital, secondary and acquired; the primary acquired disorder accounts for 90% of the cases. The acquired form may be an autoimmune disease targeting GM-CSF. About 500 total cases have been recorded in the literature with only 1 previously reported case of PAP associated with pregnancy. CASE PRESENTATION: 36 years old woman, 25 weeks pregnant, presented with a 2 week history of increasing breathlessness and cough productive of whitish sputum. Her medical history: hyperlipidemia, tobacco abuse, DM and depression; medications: insulin and trazadone. During her last pregnancy in 2007, she presented with similar symptoms at 25 weeks gestation. Her CXR and CT chest at that time showed extensive bilateral ground glass opacities. She had negative: ANA, HIV, ANCA, Cocci serology and sputum GS and cultures. Bronchoscopy and BAL revealed intense PAS staining of amorphous bodies and granular material consistent with PAP. She underwent multiple total lung lavages and subcutaneous GM-CSF. Her PAP resolved after delivery of a normal fetus. Her current presentation was similar to that in 2007. She had an increasing O2 requirement of 12L to maintain saturation over 95 %. On examination she was cyanotic and tachypnoeic. There were normal pulmonary sounds on auscultation. Basic labs were unremarkable. CXR and CT chest showed the same bilateral alveolar and interstitial opacities with interlobular thickening. A presumptive diagnosis of PAP was made. Right lung lavage under general anesthesia was modified to RML lavage as patient had severe hypoxia requiring bag ventilation. The lavage fluid was initially turbid with sediment but gradually cleared. After the procedure, the symptoms diminished and oxygen saturation improved to 97% on 4L. Her PAS stain was again positive, microbiology was negative and LDH was 198. She was started on GM-CSF. She was also given dexamethasone for fetal lung maturity anticipating delivery before term. Last known she was 36 weeks pregnant and had only required one large volume lavage in the OR as well as weekly GM-CSF. She is to follow up with the pulmonary clinic after delivery to ensure resolution of her PAP. DISCUSSIONS: The pathophysiology of PAP is unclear but impairment of surfactant clearance by alveolar macrophages as a result of inhibition of the action of GM-CSF by blocking autoantibodies may underlie many acquired cases. BAL with PAS staining is sufficient to make a diagnosis. Acquired PAP has been treated successfully since the early 1960s by whole-lung lavage, and this procedure remains the standard of care today. Therapy with GM-CSF has shown promise in approximately half of those acquired cases treated, especially those with elevated LDH levels. CONCLUSION: PAP was of insidious onset in this patient's last 2 of her 7 pregnancies with no clear etiology, which is the first recorded case report of this kind. We can only speculate on an association between changes in the maternal levels of GM-CSF during pregnancy and post-partum, and the development and subsequent resolution of the condition. We can substantiate this by our experience of significant clinical improvement seen in this patient with GM-CSF. Large volume lavage is both diagnostic and therapeutic and remains the standard of care. ER  - 
Targeting glutamatergic signaling for the development of novel therapeutics for mood disorders; There have been no recent advances in drug development for mood disorders in terms of identifying drug targets that are mechanistically distinct from existing ones. As a result, existing antidepressants are based on decades-old notions of which targets are relevant to the mechanisms of antidepressant action. Low rates of remission, a delay of onset of therapeutic effects, continual residual depressive symptoms, relapses, and poor quality of life are unfortunately common in patients with mood disorders. Offering alternative options is requisite in order to reduce the individual and societal burden of these diseases. The glutamatergic system is a promising area of research in mood disorders, and likely to offer new possibilities in therapeutics. There is increasing evidence that mood disorders are associated with impairments in neuroplasticity and cellular resilience, and alterations of the glutamatergic system are known to play a major role in cellular plasticity and resilience. Existing antidepressants and mood stabilizers have prominent effects on the glutamate system, and modulating glutamatergic ionotropic or metabotropic receptors results in antidepressant-like properties in animal models. Several glutamatergic modulators targeting various glutamate components are currently being studied in the treatment of mood disorders, including release inhibitors of glutamate, N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) antagonists, alpha-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazolepropionic acid (AMPA) throughput enhancers, and glutamate transporter enhancers. This paper reviews the currently available knowledge regarding the role of the glutamatergic system in the etiopathogenesis of mood disorders and putative glutamate modulators. © 2009 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Reduced mania and depression in juvenile bipolar disorder associated with long-chain ω-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation; Long-chain ω-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (LCn-3PUFA) supplementation may improve symptoms of depression in children and bipolar disorder (BD) in adults. No studies have examined the effectiveness of LCn-3PUFA supplementation in the treatment of mania and depression in juvenile BD (JBD) when given as an adjunct to standard pharmacological treatment. Eighteen children and adolescents with JBD received supplements containing 360mg per day eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and 1560mg per day docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) for 6 weeks in an open-label study. Intake and fasting red blood cell (RBC) LCn-3PUFA, mania, depression and global function were assessed before and after supplementation. RBC EPA and DHA were significantly higher following supplementation. Clinician ratings of mania and depression were significantly lower and global functioning significantly higher after supplementation. Parent ratings of internalizing and externalizing behaviours were also significantly lower following supplementation. A larger randomized controlled trial appears warranted in this participant population. ER  - 
Omega-3 fatty acids (fish-oil) and depression-related cognition in healthy volunteers; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (n-3 PUFA) supplementation may be beneficial in the treatment of several psychiatric disorders, including depression. A small number of studies have suggested that there may also be cognitive and mood effects in healthy samples. The purpose of the present study was to investigate the effects of n-3 PUFA on depression-relevant cognitive functioning in healthy individuals. Fifty-four healthy university students were randomized to receive either n-3 PUFA supplements or placebo for 4 weeks in a double-blind design. The test battery included measures of cognitive reactivity, attention, response inhibition, facial emotion recognition, memory and risky decision-making. Results showed few effects of n-3 PUFAs on cognition and mood states. The n-3 PUFA group made fewer risk-averse decisions than the placebo group. This difference appeared only in non-normative trials of the decision-making test, and was not accompanied by increased impulsiveness. N-3 PUFAs improved scores on the control/perfectionism scale of the cognitive reactivity measure. No effects were found on the other cognitive tasks and no consistent effects on mood were observed. The present findings indicate that n-3 PUFA supplementation may have a selective effect on risky decision making in healthy volunteers, which is unrelated to impulsiveness. © 2009 British Association for Psychopharmacology. ER  - 
Determinants of the timing of symptomatic treatment in early Parkinson disease: The National Institutes of Health exploratory trials in Parkinson disease (NET-PD) experience; Objective: To assess the predictive value of baseline measures of impairment, disability, and quality of life for the timing of initiation of symptomatic treatment in early Parkinson disease (PD). Design: Inception cohort analysis. Setting: Ambulatory population from multiple sites in the United States and Canada. Participants: Four hundred thirteen patients with early, untreated PD who participated in 2 double-blind trials that assessed the potential of experimental drugs to serve as disease-modifying agents in PD. Intervention: Participants were randomized into treatment groups: creatine (n = 67), minocycline (n = 66), coenzyme Q10 (n = 71), GPI-1485 (n = 1), and placebo (n = 138). Main Outcome Measure: Time between baseline assessment and need for the initiation of symptomatic treatment for PD. The following baseline variables were assessed for their relation to the main outcome measure, while adjusting for possible treatment effect: sex; age; level of education; race/ethnicity; disease duration; occupational status; and Unified Parkinson Disease Rating Scale (UPDRS), Medical Outcomes Study Short Form Survey, Modified Rankin Scale, Schwab and England Activities of Daily Living Scale, Total Functional Capacity Scale, 39-item Parkinson Disease Questionnaire, and Geriatric Depression Scale scores. Variables reaching statistical threshold in univariate analyses (α = .15) were entered into a multivariable Cox proportional hazards regression model using time to symptomatic treatment as the dependent variable. Results: Approximately half (48.5%) of the participants reached end point within 12 months. Higher baseline impairment and disability, as determined by UPDRS III (motor section), UPDRS II (activities of daily living section, participant rating), and Modified Rankin Scale scores and level of education were independently associated with an earlier need for symptomatic treatment. Conclusions: In early PD, greater impairment and disability and higher level of education are independently associated with an earlier need for symptomatic treatment. ©2009 American Medical Association. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Novel hyaluronate-atelocollagen/beta-TCP-hydroxyapatite biphasic scaffold for the repair of osteochondral defects in rabbits.; The authors devised a novel biphasic scaffold combining hyaluronic acid and atelocollagen for the chondral phase and combining hydroxyapatite (HA) and beta-tricalcium phosphate (beta-TCP) for the osseous phase. The biphasic scaffold was fabricated by placing the freeze-dried chondral phase over the HA/beta-TCP scaffold prewetted with hyaluronate/atelocollagen solution. Chondrocytes were isolated in 28 rabbits, expanded, injected inside the chondral phase of the biphasic scaffold, and then cultured in chondrogenic medium. After 2 weeks of in vitro culture, chondrocytes had evenly infiltrated inside the chondral phase and produced extracellular matrix. For in vivo study, a large osteochondral defect was made on the patellar groove of the right distal femur and managed using one of the following methods: filling with cell-biphasic scaffold composite (group I); implanting only biphasic scaffold (group II); placing the removed osteochondral fragments back into the defect (group III, positive control); leaving empty (group IV, negative control). Seven rabbits were allocated to each group. After 12 weeks, the International Cartilage Repair Society Macroscopic Score was highest in group III, followed by group I, group II, and lastly group IV. Depression of the defect was greatest in group IV. There were three rabbits (two in group I and one in group II) that were completely denuded of the chondral phase. The junction to adjacent native cartilage was distinct in rabbits of all groups. The International Cartilage Repair Society Visual Histological Score was highest in group III, followed by groups II and I, and lastly group IV. In conclusion, our results suggest that a biphasic osteochondral composite using a chondral phase consisting of hyaluronate and atelocollagen and an osseous phase consisting of HA and beta-TCP holds the promise for repair of osteochondral defects. ER  - 
Involvement of nitric oxide in 3-nitropropionic acid-induced depression of spinal reflexes in neonatal rat spinal cord in vitro; The objective of the present investigation is to study the involvement of nitric oxide (NO) in 3-nitropropionic acid (3-NPA)-induced depression of spinal reflexes. Experiments were conducted on preparations of hemisected spinal cord isolated from 4 to 8 day old rats. Stimulation of a dorsal root evoked reflex potentials (monosynaptic, MSR; polysynaptic, PSR) in the corresponding segmental ventral root. Superfusion of 3-NPA (3.4 mM) depressed the spinal reflexes in a time-dependent manner and the reflexes were abolished after 35 min. The time required to produce 50% depression of the reflexes (T-50) was 17.8 ± 5.3 min for MSR and 17.5 ± 2.1 min for PSR. L-NAME (Nω-nitro-l-arginine methyl ester; 100 μM), a nitric oxide synthase inhibitor, antagonized the 3-NPA (3.4 mM)-induced depression of reflexes and increased the T-50 values (34 and 30 min for MSR and PSR, respectively) significantly (P < 0.05). In addition, hemoglobin (Hb, 100 μM), a NO scavenger, blocked the 3-NPA-induced depression of reflexes significantly (P < 0.05). T-50 values in Hb pretreated cords were 57 and 45 min for MSR and PSR, respectively which were greater than the cords pretreated with L-NAME. The nitrite (NO2-) content of the 3-NPA exposed cords was 84 μM/g of tissue which was significantly greater than the control (13 μM/g; P < 0.05). Pretreatment of cords with L-NAME or Hb antagonized the 3-NPA-induced increase in NO2-. The results indicate that NO produced by 3-NPA is involved in the 3-NPA-induced depression of spinal reflexes. © 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Iatrogenic hypothyroidism in post-surgical head and neck cancer patients; The incidence of hypothyrodism in head and neck surgical patients following total laryngectomy varies in the surgical literature. We present the interesting case of a head and neck cancer patient following who became profoundly hypothyroid while being treated for a wound dehiscence with povidone-iodine solution soaked gauze packing. To our knowledge, this is the first reported case of iatrogenic hypothyroidism in a surgical patient caused by supraphysiologic iodine levels. The retrospective review of one patient's case, followed by a discussion of the literature. A patient who underwent total layrngopharyngectomy developed a midline wound dehiscence with a superimposed infection on postoperative day 5. The wound was cultured, and treatment with antibiotics and povidone-iodine soaked gauze packing twice daily was begun. On post-operative day 12, the patient began complaining of profound depression and lethargy. A TSH level was obtained, and was noted to be 35 mIU/L. The pre-operative TSH level was within normal limits. The patient was immediately started on 75 mcg of parenteral levothyroxine. He subsequently went on to develop hypothyroidism induced renal-failure. After approximately 5 days of parenteral levothyroxine treatment, the patient's renal failure began to improve, and the patient began to show symptomatic improvement. Once stable, the patient was transitioned to oral levothyroxine, and discharged from the hospital. The Wolff-Chaikoff effect is well documented for hyperthyroid patients who are treated with iodine for thyroid suppression. To our knowledge, this is the first reported case of surgically induced hypothyroidism after treatment of a wound dehiscence and infection with povidone-iodine packing. We advise caution when using povidone-iodine packing to treat wound related complications in surgical patients, and suggest that alternative materials be used for treatment when possible. ER  - 
Kynurenine metabolism in pathophysiology of schizophrenia: The link between immunemetabolic-neurochemical systems interaction; Objective: The changes in blood cytokines which indicated the imbalance between pro- and anti-inflammatory cytokines have been reported to occur in psychiatric disorders such as major depression, schizophrenia and bipolar mania. It was reported that pro-inflammatory cytokines reduce the synthesis of 5-HT by stimulating the activity of indoleamine 2,3 dioxygenase (IDO), an enzyme which converts tryptophan to kynurenine. Kynurenine is further metabolized to kynurenic acid (KYNA), 3-hydroxykynurenine (3OHK) and quinolinic acid (QUINA) by kynurenine aminotransferase, kynurenine 3-monooxygenase (KMO) and kynureninase (KYNASE). The 3OHK is neurotoxic apoptotic while QUINA is the excitotoxic N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptor agonist. Conversely KYNA is an antagonist of all three ionotropic excitatory amino acid receptors and α7-nicotinic acetylcholine receptor (α7-nAChR). The imbalance between those protective and toxic metabolites are proposed as one of the pathophysiological mechanisms in schizophrenia. Method: The kynurenine pathway metabolites were measured in serum, plasma and CSF of schizophrenic patients. Results: Tryptophan breakdown has been found to be increased but KYNA, the neuroprotective metabolite is decreased in the serum/ plasma of schizophrenic patients compared to healthy controls. Moreover, in the patients with schizophrenia, the neurotoxic 3OHK is significantly increased. Such changes in these metabolites are reflected also in the cerebrospinal fluid. Those changes were found to be corrected after neuroleptics. Conclusion: These findings lead to the hypothesis an imbalance neuroprotection and neurodegeneration in terms of kynurenine metabolites and their immunological, neurochemical and biochemical interactions in the brain might further induce the apoptosis of the neuroprotective astrocytes and neurodegenerative changes such as loss of brain volume. ER  - 
Topical seminar summary: Fibromyalgia syndrome; Fibromyalgia (FM) is a prevalent disorder that is characterized by widespread pain along with numerous other symptoms, including fatigue, poor sleep, mood disorders, and stiffness. Previous guidelines for the management of fibromyalgia recommended an approach that integrates pharmacologic and nonpharmacologic therapies selected according to the symptoms experienced by individual patients. Currently, it is not possible to draw definite conclusions concerning the best pharmacological approach to managing FM because results of randomized clinical trials present methodological limitations and therapeutic programs are too heterogeneous for adequate comparison. However, a variety of pharmacological treatments including antidepressants, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDS), opioids, sedatives, muscle relaxants and antiepileptics have been used to treat FM with varying results. Pregabalin, duloxetine and milnacipran are the only FDA approved drugs for fibromyalgia management, and it is reasonable to start treatment with one of these drugs. All three drugs have shown similar efficacy in ameliorating pain, but their abilities to manage other fibromyalgia symptoms differ greatly, which, along with their different pharmacodynamic and safety profiles, often make one a better initial choice than the others for an individual patient. The use of steroids and nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) in FM has had disappointing outcomes. Opioids are meant to improve function in FM patients who are impaired by pain, even though there is an open debate about their usefulness and safety as a “specific” medication for fibromyalgia patients. Tramadol, in particular, was beneficial for FM patient. It is an atypical pain reliever that differs from other narcotics in its action on the central nervous system, specifically, on reuptake of serotonin and norepinephrine. Antidepressants that increase 5-HT and NE mediated neurotransmission are commonly used to treat FM and other chronic pain conditions, particularly neuropathic pain. Inhibition of both the 5-HT and NE reuptake transporters using tricyclic antidepressants (TCA) or SNRIs (serotonergic and noradrenergic reuptake inhibitors), seems more effective in treating pain, and FM, in general, than inhibition of either transporter alone using selective serotonergic (SSRIs) or noradrenergic (NARIs) reuptake inhibitors. However, the efficacy of TCAs is counterbalanced by side effects, while the better-tolerated SSRIs demonstrate less effectiveness in treating fibromyalgia. Antiepileptic drugs (i.e., gabapentin and pregabalin) act at a number of sites that may be relevant to pain. The precise mechanism of their analgesic effect remains unclear, but it is thought that they limit neuronal excitation and enhance inhibition. The relevant sites of action include voltagegated ion channels (i.e., sodium and calcium channels), ligand-gated ion channels, excitatory receptorfor glutamate and Nmethyl-D-aspartate, the inhibitory receptors for gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) and glycine. Serotonergic receptors have been implicated in processing information and in the development of pain in FM, and randomised, controlled trials have found that tropisetron, a 5-hydroxytryptophan intermediate metabolite of L-tryptophan, is more effective than placebo. Despite the suggestion of relative growth hormone (GH) deficiency in FM patients and reports of improvements after the administration of GH injections, the enthusiasm for this approach has been dampened by the appearance of adverse effects, the need for frequent injections, and its high cost. Low doses of a b-blocker have been tried in selected cases with prominent autonomic symptoms, such as palpitations and orthostatic tachycardia; however, the effects are not known. Lidocaine hydrochloride injections, botulinum toxin injections, are sometimes offered to patients with FM. The success of the current treatments for FM is still limited, and there is a need for the development of new drugs that are targeted at the CNS, and that undergo efficacy and toxicity testing in long-term, comparative trials involving large numbers of patients. The nature of FM suggests that an individualized, multimodal approach that includes both pharmacologic and nonpharmacologic therapies seems to be the most appropriate treatment strategy to date. Guidelines on the management of fibromyalgia syndrome should be based on the best available evidence. The clinical relevance (effect sizes, representativeness of study samples, in- and exclusion criteria of studies, acceptance [drop out rates]), methodological quality of pharmacological (amitriptyline, duloxetine, milnacipran, pregabalin) and non-pharmacological (acupuncture, aerobic exercise, balneotherapy, cognitive-behavioral therapy[CBT], hypnotherapy, multicomponent therapy) randomised controlled trials (RCT's) were compared. We screened MEDLINE, PsychInfo, SCOPUS, www.clinicaltrials.org and the Cochrane Library (through January 2009) and the reference sections of original studies, systematic reviews and metaanalyses. Effects on pain, fatigue, sleep, depressed mood and healthrelated quality of life were summarized using standardized mean differences. The exclusion criteria and the study samples of nonpharmacological studies were less restrictive than the ones of pharmacological studies. The drop-out rates were lower in passive therapies (acupuncture, balneotherapy) than in active or pharmacological treatments The precise effect sizes are presented in the symposium. Despite large differences of the effect sizes at the end of treatment, the 95% confidence intervals of all treatment modalities overlapped. It is important to note that follow-ups after the cessation of therapy were not conducted by pharmacological trials. There is evidence that the positive effects of aerobic exercise, balneotherapy, CBT, hypnotherapy, multicomponent therapy decline with time, but substantial effect sizes can be demonstrated up to one year after therapy. The frequency of side effects of pharmacological therapy is higher than the ones of non-pharmacological treatment options. Rare but severe side effects of pharmacological therapy such as liver failure and suicide have to be considered. There are effective therapies available for the short-term treatment of FMS. The choice of treatment options should embedded in a patient-centered approach with shared decision-making taking into consideration the preferences of the patient, the local availabilities and costs as well as the potential side effects. The question how a life-long disorder should treated in the long-run cannot be answered until now by RCT's. Fibromyalgia (FM) is a common, complex and difficult to treat chronic widespread pain disorder with many auxillary symptoms. It is a condition of heightened generalized sensitization to sensory input presenting as a complex of symptoms including pain, sleep dysfunction and fatigue, with the complication of co-morbidities such as depression, anxiety, temporomandibular joint disorder and irritable bowel syndrome. The pathophysiology has been proposed to be associated with dysfunction of the central nervous system pain modulatory systems, dysfunction of the neuroendocrine system and dysautonomia. Many of the current and emerging drugs used to treat FM remain largely empiric and have been focused to the management of discrete symptoms rather than the condition. Approved pharmacological therapies are focused towards the modulation of noradrenaline and serotonin levels or an action on the a2-d subunit of calcium channels. Although drugs such as pregabalin, duloxetine and milnacipran demonstrate a degree of multidimensional efficacy in the treatment of this condition, many therapeutic agents often fail to provide acceptable efficacy in the majority of the patient population. This is demonstrated by the number-needed-to-treat data (NNT values 4-11) obtained during clinical trials. Evidence suggests that current pharmacological monotherapy is not sufficient to address the complexity of FM adequately. Multifactorial conditions, such as FM, therefore appear to require the concomitant modulation of multiple biochemical processes to achieve acceptable levels of resolution. An alternate consideration is that FM is a cluster of pathophysiological subgroups that respond to tailored monotherapy management. ER  - 
The therapeutic potential of non steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs in the treatment of depression and schizophrenia; COX-2 inhibition seems to balance the type-1/type-2 immune response, possibly via inhibition of prostaglandin E2. COX-2 inhibition reduces proinflammatory cytokines. COX-2 inhibition has an impact to the glutamatergic neurotransmission and influences the tryptophan/kynurenine metabolism: all three components seem to be involved in the pathophysiology of psychiatric disorders, particularly in schizophrenia and major depression. Due to the increase of proinflammatory cytokines and PGE2 in depressed patients, antiinflammatory treatment would be expected to show antidepressant effects. An antidepressant effect of rofecoxib was found in patients with osteoarthritis. An own randomized double blind pilot add-on study using the selective COX-2 inhibitor celecoxib in MD showed a significant therapeutic effect of the COX-2 inhibitor on depressive symptoms. Although those preliminary data have to be interpreted cautiously, those results are encouraging for further studies dealing with the inflammatory hypothesis of depression. Secondly, we and other research-groups performed several studies of COX-2 inhibitors in schizophrenia. In a prospective, randomized, double-blind study with the COX-2 inhibitor celecoxib in acute exacerbation of schizophrenia, a therapeutic effect of celecoxib was observed. The finding of a clinical advantage of COX-2 inhibition could not be replicated in a second study. Further analysis of the data revealed that the efficacy of therapy with a COX-2 inhibitor seems most pronounced in the first years of the schizophrenic disease process. It has to be considered, however, that therapy with COX-2 inhibitors is currently under discussion - as therapy with other nonsteroidal antiphlogistics - due to cardiovascular side-effects. ER  - 
Neurobiological and clinical predictors of impulsivity in bulimia nervosa; Objective: The main aim of this study was to analyze the association between a set of neurobiological/clinical factors and impulsivity in patients suffering from bulimia nervosa, as well as the capability of this factors to predict the severity of impulsivity. Methods: The Impulsive Behaviors Scale (IBS), the Diagnostic Interview for Bordeline Patients - Revised (DIB-R), the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), the Millon Multiaxial Clinical Inventory (MMCI-II) and the Family Environment Scale (FES) were applied to 70 female patients with DSM-IV BN (purging subtype). Twenty-four hour urinary excretion of norepinephrine (NE), 3-methoxy-4- hydroxyphenylglycol (MHPG), serotonin (5-HT), 5-hydroxi-indol-acetic acid (5-HIAA), dopamine (DA), homovallinic acid (HVA), and morning serum cortisol levels before and after the administration of 1 mg of dexamethasone were determined. Results: Impulsivity was associated to lower levels of urinary 5-HT and 5-HIAA, borderline features, and lower family expressed emotion. Conclusions: The consideration of impulsivity as a core clinical feature in patients with bulimia nervosa could lead us to identify clinical subtypes of patients, with specific clinical profiles and specific treatment needs. ER  - 
Omega 3 and depression-state of art; Aims: Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) are omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (ω-3 PUFAs) involved in the structure and function of cell membranes in the brain. Because both compounds must be obtained from diet, by eating oily fish or fish oil, the consumption of fish or supplements of omega-3 could be correlated with neuropsychiatric disorders, as depression disorder. Methods: Search of relevant studies in Scirus database. Results: Epidemiological studies suggest that populations with high consumption of fish have low annual prevalence of major depression. Laboratorial research verified that major depression in acute coronary syndrome patients is associated with significantly lower plasma levels of ω-3 PUFAs, in particular of DHA; red blood cells membrane levels of total ω-3 PUFAs and of DHA are significantly lower in depressive patients; low plasma concentrations of DHA predict low concentrations of 5-hydroxyindolacetic acid, a marker of brain serotonin turnover, which, in turn, is strongly associated with depression and suicide. Clinical trials demonstrated the efficiency of EPA in the alleviating the symptoms of major depression in adults, childhood depression and postpartum depression. Conclusions: Although the depression appears to be related with low levels of DHA in plasma and blood cells, controlled trials have found no effect of DHA supplementation in depression. On the contrry, EPA might have an adjunctive therapeutic value in the treatment of depression disorder. Much research is required to compare the effectiveness of the different fatty acids in the treatment of depressive disorder, as well as the relevant dose-response curves. ER  - 
Neurobiological and clinical predictors of impulsivity in bulimia nervosa; Objective: The main aim of this study was to analyze the association between a set of neurobiological/clinical factors and impulsivity in patients suffering from bulimia nervosa, as well as the capability of this factors to predict the severity of impulsivity. Methods: The Impulsive Behaviors Scale (IBS), the Diagnostic Interview for Bordeline Patients - Revised (DIB-R), the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), the Millon Multiaxial Clinical Inventory (MMCI-II) and the Family Environment Scale (FES) were applied to 70 female patients with DSM-IV BN (purging subtype). Twenty-four hour urinary excretion of norepinephrine (NE), 3-methoxy-4- hydroxyphenylglycol (MHPG), serotonin (5-HT), 5-hydroxi-indol-acetic acid (5-HIAA), dopamine (DA), homovallinic acid (HVA), and morning serum cortisol levels before and after the administration of 1 mg of dexamethasone were determined. Results: Impulsivity was associated to lower levels of urinary 5-HT and 5-HIAA, borderline features, and lower family expressed emotion. Conclusions: The consideration of impulsivity as a core clinical feature in patients with bulimia nervosa could lead us to identify clinical subtypes of patients, with specific clinical profiles and specific treatment needs. ER  - 
Serum levels of human erythropoietin,tumour necrosis factor-alpha and interleukin-10 in patients with early rheumatoid arthritis treatedwith infliximab; Objectives: Now it is actively studied the cytokine profile in patients with rheumatoid arthritis (RA) and its dynamics with anticytokine treatment. Less it is known about a problem of erythropoetin production and its relationships with cytokines in RA patients without anemia. The aim of this study is researching of the serum concentrations of human erythropoietin (EPO), tumour necrosis factor-α (TNF-α) and interleukin-10 (IL-10 in 15 patients with early seropositive RA (less than 3 years) without anemia, treated with infliximab (I). Methods: Cytokine and EPO levels were determined with commercially available ELISA kits. I was initially injected at a single dose of 3 mg/kg intravenously, followed by administration 2 and 6 weeks later, and then repeated every 8 weeks. Data presented as median (25; 75 percentiles). Results: We find the initial high levels of TNF-alpha - 257 (172; 283) pg/ml than in control group - 110 (89; 143) pg/ml (p=0,03) and IL-10 - 473 (267; 763) versus 183 (158; 202) pg/ml (p=0,02) and low concentration of EPO - 4,2 (1,5; 6,1) versus 9 (5; 12) mIU/ml in controls (p=0,03). We also find negative correlation between TNF-α and EPO levels (r=- 0,42; p=0,04). After 6 weeks of I therapy TNF-alpha serum level was decreased to 175 (120; 201) (p=0,04), IL-10 level did not changed significantly in comparison with pretreatment level. EPO concentration increased after I therapy to 10,1 (6; 14,3) mIU/ml (p=0,03) without differences with control group. Conclusion: In our study we demonstrated that patients with early RA without anemia may have depression of EPO that associated with TNF-alpha. Infliximab treatment normalized not only TNF-alpha levels, but also activate EPO production. ER  - 
Treatment of acne with oral isotretinoin in patients with cystic fibrosis; Background: Theoretical concerns about liver disease and vitamin A deficiency have limited the use of oral isotretinoin for troublesome acne in adolescents with cystic fibrosis. Methods: Oral isotretinoin was administered to nine patients with cystic fibrosis who had troublesome acne unresponsive to antibiotics. All patients were followed for 1-4 years after cessation of treatment. Results: Isotretinoin treatment cleared active acne lesions in all patients. It was well tolerated, and no patient had significant side effects. All nine patients were pleased or delighted with the improvement in their skin. Conclusions: Adolescents with cystic fibrosis and acne can be treated with oral isotretinoin. Oral isotretinoin should be considered for adolescents with cystic fibrosis who have acne associated with scarring, acne not clearing with topical and antibiotic treatment, acne associated with depression or severe cystic acne. ER  - 
Effect of fish oil supplementation on quality of life in a general population of older dutch subjects: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; OBJECTIVES: To investigate the effect of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) plus docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) supplementation on quality of life (QOL). DESIGN: Randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. SETTING: Independently living individuals from the general older Dutch population. PARTICIPANTS: Three hundred two individuals aged 65 and older without depression or dementia. INTERVENTION: 1,800 mg/d EPA-DHA (n=96), 400 mg/d EPA-DHA (n=100), or placebo capsules (n=106) for 26 weeks. MEASUREMENTS: QOL was assessed using the short version of the World Health Organization QOL questionnaire (WHOQOL-BREF). The WHOQOL-BREF covers four domains: physical health, psychological health, social relationships, and satisfaction with environment. The total score range is 26 to 130, with higher scores indicating a more favorable condition. RESULTS: Mean age of the participants was 70, and 55% were male. Plasma concentrations of EPA-DHA increased 238% in the high-dose and 51% in the low-dose EPA-DHA group, reflecting excellent adherence. Median baseline total WHOQOL scores ranged from 107 to 110 in the three groups and were not significantly different from each other. After 26 weeks, the mean difference from placebo was -1.42 (95% confidence interval (CI)=-3.40-0.57) for the high-dose and 0.02 (95% CI=-1.95-1.99) for the low-dose fish oil group. Treatment with 1,800 mg or 400 mg EPA-DHA did not affect total QOL or any of the separate domains after 13 or 26 weeks of intervention. CONCLUSION: Supplementation with high or low doses of fish oil for 26 weeks did not influence the QOL of healthy older individuals. © 2009, The American Geriatrics Society. ER  - 
Evaluation of docosahexaenoic acid deficiency as a preventable risk factor for recurrent affective disorders: Current status, future directions, and dietary recommendations; Major recurrent affective disorders, including major depressive disorder (MDD) and bipolar disorder, represent a growing public health crisis in the United States. Evidence from cross-national and cross-sectional epidemiological surveys, comparative peripheral and central composition studies, and placebo-controlled intervention trials suggest that n-3 fatty acid deficiency may contribute to the pathoaetiology of affective disorders. These data are reviewed with the objective of estimating a daily docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6n-3) intake value that is projected to be efficacious in mitigating vulnerability. It is proposed that daily DHA intake sufficient to increase erythrocyte DHA composition to a level found in healthy subjects from Japan (7%), where the lifetime prevalence rates of MDD and bipolar disorder are several fold lower than the US, represents an appropriate target. To achieve this target, preliminary DHA intervention trials indicate that a daily dose of 400-700 mg/d in children and 700-1000 mg/d in adults would be required. Based on the results of placebo-controlled intervention trials, a higher daily DHA dose in the order of 1000-1500 mg/d in a 2:1 eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, 20:5n-3):DHA ratio may be optimal for the treatment of established affective disorders. These recommendations are intended to guide future dose-ranging placebo-controlled DHA intervention trials in patients with established affective disorders, as well as in asymptomatic subjects at elevated risk for developing affective disorders. Such early intervention studies are currently feasible and will ultimately be required to definitively evaluate whether DHA is a required nutrient for the prevention of affective disorders. © 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Omega 3 fatty acid treatment in autism; Objective: The purpose of this study was to determine the efficacy and safety of omega-3 fatty acids for children with autistic spectrum disorder (ASD). Methods: This was an open-label pilot study. Ten children aged 4-7 years old with ASD according to the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, 4th edition (DSM-IV), were given 1 gram daily of omega-3 fatty acids for 12 weeks. The main outcome measure used was the Autism Treatment Evaluation Checklist (ATEC). These data were collected between July, 2006, and June, 2007. Results: Of the 9 subjects who completed the study, 8 showed improvement of about 33% on the Autism Treatment Evaluation Checklist (ATEC). None worsened and no side effects were reported. Conclusions: Omega-3 fatty acids appear to be safe and might be helpful for children suffering from ASD. Further study is needed with a larger number of children in a double-blind design and with various doses of omega-3 fatty acids. © Copyright 2009, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. ER  - 
Inflammation and the phenomenology, pathophysiology, comorbidity, and treatment of bipolar disorder: A systematic review of the literature; Objective: To review extant literature implicating inflammation in the pathophysiology of bipolar disorder. Furthermore, we review evidence regarding the anti-inflammatory actions of mood-stabilizing medication, the putative reciprocal association of inflammation with behavioral parameters and medical burden in bipolar disorder, and the potential role of anti-inflammatory agents in the treatment of bipolar disorder. Data Sources: MEDLINE and PubMed searches were conducted of English-language articles published from 1950 to April 2008 using the search terms bipolar disorder, manic, or mania, cross-referenced with inflammation, inflammatory, interleukin, cytokine, C-reactive protein, or tumor necrosis factor. The search, which was conducted most recently on August 20, 2008, was supplemented by manually reviewing reference lists from the identified publications. Study Selection: Articles selected for review were based on adequacy of sample size, the use of standardized experimental procedures, validated assessment measures, and overall manuscript quality. Data Extraction: Studies were reviewed for statistical comparisons of cytokines among persons with and without bipolar disorder, during symptomatic and non-symptomatic intervals and before and after pharmacologic treatment. Significant and nonsignificant findings were tabulated. Data Synthesis: Available evidence indicates that bipolar disorder and inflammation are linked through shared genetic polymorphisms and gene expression as well as altered cytokine levels during symptomatic (i.e., mania and depression) and asymptomatic intervals. However, results are inconsistent. Several conventional mood stabilizers have anti-inflammatory properties. The cyclooxygenase-2-selective anti-inflammatory celecoxib may offer antidepressant effects. Inflammation is closely linked with behavioral parameters such as exercise, sleep, alcohol abuse, and smoking, as well as with medical comorbidities including coronary artery disease, obesity and insulin resistance, osteoporosis, and pain. Methodological limitations precluding definitive conclusions are heterogeneity in sample composition, cytokine assessment procedures, and treatment regimens. The inclusion of multiple ethnic groups introduces another source of variability but also increases the generalizability of study findings. Conclusion: Inflammation appears relevant to bipolar disorder across several important domains. Further research is warranted to parse the reciprocal associations between inflammation and symptoms, comorbidities, and treatments in bipolar disorder. Studies of this topic among youth are needed and may best serve this purpose. © Copyright 2009 Physicians Postgraduate Press, Inc. ER  - 
Metallothionein alleviates oxidative stress-induced endoplasmic reticulum stress and myocardial dysfunction; Oxidative stress and endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress have been implicated in cardiovascular diseases although the interplay between the two is not clear. This study was designed to examine the influence of oxidative stress through glutathione depletion on myocardial ER stress and contractile function in the absence or presence of the heavy metal scavenger antioxidant metallothionein (MT). FVB and MT overexpression transgenic mice received the GSH synthase inhibitor buthionine sulfoximine (BSO, 30 mM) in drinking water for 2 weeks. Oxidative stress, ER stress, apoptosis, cardiac function and ultrastructure were assessed using GSH/GSSG assay, reactive oxygen species (ROS), immunoblotting, caspase-3 activity, Langendorff perfused heart function (LVDP and ± dP/dt), and transmission electron microscopy. BSO led to a robust decrease in the GSH/GSSG ratio and increased ROS production, consolidating oxidative stress. Cardiac function and ultrastructure were compromised following BSO treatment, the effect of which was obliterated by MT. BSO promoted overt ER stress as evidenced by upregulated BiP, calregulin, phospho-IRE1α and phospho-eIF2α without affecting total IRE1α and eIF2α. BSO treatment led to apoptosis manifested as elevated expression of CHOP/GADD153, caspase-12 and Bax as well as caspase-3 activity, reduced Bcl-2 expression and JNK phosphorylation, all of which was ablated by MT. Moreover, both antioxidant N-acetylcysteine and the ER stress inhibitor tauroursodeoxycholic acid reversed the oxidative stress inducer menadione-elicited depression in cardiomyocyte contractile function. Taken together, these data suggested that ER stress occurs likely downstream of oxidative stress en route to cardiac dysfunction. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Clavulanic acid: A competitive inhibitor of beta-lactamases with novel anxiolytic-like activity and minimal side effects; Clavulanic acid is a member of the beta lactam family of antibiotics with little or no intrinsic antibacterial activity of its own; instead, it is used to enhance the activity of antibiotics by blocking bacterial beta-lactamases. Because clavulanic acid by itself is very safe, orally active and shows good brain penetrance, we sought to determine if it had any potential as a psychotherapeutic. Clavulanic acid was a tested across three mammalian species, hamsters, rats and cotton-top tamarin monkeys in a series of behavioral assays designed to screen for anxiolytic activity. In addition, several studies were done in rodents to compare the behavioral profile of clavulanic acid to the commonly prescribed benzodiazepines, particularly with respect to their unwanted side effects of motor depression, amnesia and neuroendocrine dysregulation. Our findings show that clavulanic acid is a highly potent anxiolytic in rodents without altering motor activity in the open field test, normal learning and memory in the Morris water maze, or normal stress hormone release. Orally administered clavulanic acid significantly reduces measures of anxiety in male/female pairs of cotton-top tamarins. In addition, male tamarins showed a highly significant increase in sexual arousal as measured by the number of penile erections. The fact clavulanic acid has anxiolytic activity in the tamarin holds the promise that this drug may be an effective therapeutic for the treatment of anxiety disorders in humans. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Dietary reference intakes for DHA and EPA; Various organizations worldwide have made dietary recommendations for eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), and fish intake that are primarily for coronary disease risk reduction and triglyceride (TG) lowering. Recommendations also have been made for DHA intake for pregnant women, infants, and vegetarians/vegans. A Dietary Reference Intake (DRI), specifically, an Adequate Intake (AI), has been set for α-linolenic acid (ALA) by the Institute of Medicine (IOM) of The National Academies. This amount is based on an intake that supports normal growth and neural development and results in no nutrient deficiency. Although there is no DRI for EPA and DHA, the National Academies have recommended that approximately 10% of the Acceptable Macronutrient Distribution Range (AMDR) for ALA can be consumed as EPA and/or DHA. This recommendation represents current mean intake for EPA and DHA in the United States (≈100 mg/day), which is much lower than what many groups worldwide are currently recommending. Global recommendations for long-chain omega-3 fatty acids underscore the pressing need to establish DRIs for DHA and EPA because DRIs are recognized as the "official" standard by which federal agencies issue dietary guidance or policy directives for the health and well-being of individuals in the United States and Canada. Because of the many health benefits of DHA and EPA, it is important and timely that the National Academies establish DRIs for the individual long-chain (20 carbons or greater) omega-3 fatty acids. © 2009. ER  - 
Considerations regarding neuropsychiatric nutritional requirements for intakes of omega-3 highly unsaturated fatty acids; Background: Adverse neurodevelopmental and neuropsychiatric outcomes have been established as signs of nutrient deficiencies and may be applicable to insufficient dietary intakes of omega-3 highly unsaturated fatty acids (n-3 HUFAs). Objective: Consider if statistical definitions for Daily Reference Intakes can be applied to n-3 HUFAs intakes during pregnancy for maternal and neurodevelopmental deficiencies. Design: Data were prospectively collected from women during pregnancy and children up to age 8 years participating in the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children (ALSPAC). Statistical analyses took social and lifestyle factors into account. Results: During pregnancy, n-3 HUFA intakes from seafood that putatively meet statistical definitions of an estimated average requirement ranged from 0.05 to 0.06 en% (111-139 mg/d/2000 Cal) for suboptimal fine motor control at 42 m and 0.065-0.08 en% (114-181 mg/d/2000 Cal) for suboptimal verbal IQ at age 8 years and 0.18-0.22 en% (389-486 mg/d/2000 Cal) for maternal depression at 32 weeks. Intakes of n-3 ranging from 0.2 to 0.41 en% (445-917 mg/d/2000 Cal) prevented both increased risk of maternal depression and adverse neurodevelopmental outcomes for children among 97.5% of the population. No upper limit for safety was found. Conclusion: During pregnancy, a n-3 HUFA intake of 0.40 en% (900 mg/d/2000 Cal) from seafood is likely to meet the nutritional requirements for 97.5% of the mothers and children of this population. These considerations do not constitute DRI's for docosahexaenoic acid and n-3 HUFAs, but may contribute to their formulation. ER  - 
Docosahexaenoic acid and lactation; Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is an important component of membrane phospholipids in the retina and brain and accumulates rapidly in these tissues during early infancy. DHA is present in human milk, but the amount varies considerably and is largely dependent on maternal diet. This article reviews data addressing the impact of different DHA intakes by lactating women on infant and maternal outcomes to determine if available data are sufficient to estimate optimal breast milk DHA content and estimate dietary reference intakes (DRIs) for DHA by breast-feeding mothers. Results of published observational studies and interventional trials assessing the impact of maternal DHA intake (or breast milk DHA content) on infant visual function, neurodevelopment, and immunologic status were reviewed. Studies related to the potential impact of DHA intake on depression or cognitive function of lactating women also were reviewed. Although only a limited number of studies are available in the current medical literature, and study results have not been consistent, better infant neurodevelopment and/or visual function have been reported with higher vs. lower levels of breast milk DHA. The effect of DHA intake on the incidence or severity of depression in lactating women is not clear. Increasing breast milk DHA content above that typically found in the US, by increasing maternal DHA intake, may confer neurodevelopmental benefits to the recipient breast-fed infant. However, current data are insufficient to permit determination of specific DRIs during this period. © 2009. ER  - 
Chronic intestinal inflammation induces depressionlike behavior in mice; Background: Psychiatric co-morbidity is common in inflammatory bowel disease (IBD). It is unknown whether it precedes or follows colitis. Here we investigated whether chronic gut inflammation alters behavior and examined underlying mechanisms. Methods: Female AKR mice were infected with Trichuris muris for 4 weeks or treated with 3 cycles of dextran sodium sulfate (1 wk 3% DSS+ 1 wk washout). BALB/C mice were infected with Helicobacter pylori (Hp) for 4 months. Additional T. muris-infected mice received anti-inflammatory treatment therapy with etanercept (TNF-a inhibitor) or budesonide. Anxiety/depression-like behavior was assessed using the light preference and step-down tests. Gut inflammation was assessed using MPO and histology, and ELISA for circulating cytokines. BDNF mRNA levels were measured by in situ hybridization in brain sections. Changes in serum protein levels were assessed using proteomic analysis. Results: Chronic parasitic, chemically induced-colitis and bacterial gastritis, induced mild gut inflammation and anxiety/depression-like behavior. Abnormal behavior in T. muris infected mice was associated with decreased hippocampal BDNF mRNA. Pro-inflammatory serum cytokines were mildly increased. Proteomic analysis showed altered levels of several proteins related to neural function, including afamin,?an?a-tocopherol transport protein. Abnormal behavior normalized after anti-inflammatory treatment. Conclusion: Our results indicate that chronic gut inflammation alters behavior and brain neurochemisry, likely through multiple mechanisms. Our results suggest that psychiatric co-morbidities in IBD develop as a consequence of gut inflammation and are amenable to anti-inflammatory and immunomodulatory therapy. Supported by CIHR grant. ER  - 
Acute tryptophan depletion increases motion sickness in healthy female subjects; Acute tryptophan depletion (ATD) is an experimental model to reduce central serotonin levels. It has been shown to induce gastrointestinal symptoms in IBS patients, mood changes in depression, and nausea in migraine patients. We wondered whether ATD can induce nausea in healthy subjects during motion. Methods: Thirty-eight healthy female subjects age 21 to 28 with variable susceptibility to motion sickness were recruited and randomly assigned to two groups (ATD and placebo) in a randomized, double blinded parallel-group design. Following a standardized and balanced amino acid diet on day 1 (including 2.3 g L-tryptophan), they received either a protein drink without tryptophan (ATD condition) or the balanced protein drink with tryptophan (placebo condition) on day 2. Four h after its consumption, they were exposed to a standard rotation procedure (5 x 1 min, with 1 to 2 min breaks in between,). They could terminate each rotation upon request, but were encouraged to continue after each interruption. Symptom ratings (SR) were taken on a 7 item VAS scale prior to rotation, at each break, and 15 and 30 min thereafter. Saliva samples were collected to assess the cor- tisol levels in the morning upon arrival in the laboratory, and immediately prior to and immediately after rotation, and 15 and 30 min later. Data were compared between conditions (ATD, control) by ANO- VA with psychometric (SR) and biological variables (cortisol) as dependent variables and menstrual cycle phase as covariate. Results: Four subjects prematurely terminated the rotation procedure and were excluded from analysis. For the remaining 34, SR was significantly higher during ATD than during control conditions (P = 0.024). Corti- sol levels rose significantly with rotation (P<.001) but were unaffected by ATD. The susceptibility scores and the maximum SR during rotation were significantly associated (r=0.51, P = 0.003), as were SR and cortisol increase with rotation (r=0.424, P = 0.014). Higher baseline cortisol levels were significantly associated with lower SR during rotation (r=-0.40; P = 0.023). This protective effects of high cortisol were pronounced during the menstrual and follicular phase of the cycle (r=-0.735, P = 0.01, n = 11) and not present during the luteal phase (n = 13). Contraceptives did not affect these associations. Conclusion: ATD does increase symptoms of motion sickness in healthy female subjects when exposed to nauseogenic body rotation. However, nausea developed under this condition is as well affected by the acute cortisol levels, with high levels protecting against motion sickness; this protection varies substantially across the menstrual cycle. ER  - 
Adverse reactions to veterinary medicinal products: An overview based on the Swedish experience; INTRODUCTION: A pharmacovigilance system for reporting of adverse reactions to veterinary medicinal products was established in Sweden in 1992. According to the Swedish legislation (LVFS 2001:12 and 2006:4) 'Veterinarians are obliged to report to the Swedish Medical Products Agency (MPA) all serious adverse reactions in animals, all adverse reactions in humans exposed to veterinary drugs and all adverse reactions which seem to increase in frequency in animals. The obligation to report adverse reactions also applies to drugs registered for humans, which are used in veterinary practice'. Thus, in Sweden most reports of adverse drug reactions are sent by the veterinarians to the Swedish MPA. Only few reports are sent to drug companies. During recent years about 250-350 reports of adverse reactions to veterinary medicinal products have been received at the Swedish MPA per year (Table 1). Table 2 shows the number of adverse reactions reported in different species during 2003-2008 grouped according to the ATCvet system. It appears that most reports concern dog, followed by cat and horse. Only few reports concern adverse reactions in other animal species and adverse reactions in humans exposed to veterinary drugs. (Table Presented) Below an overview is given of the adverse reactions to veterinary medicinal products which have been reported via the Swedish pharmacovigilance system. The intention is not to give a full record of all reports which have been sent to the Swedish MPA. Instead, focus has been put on adverse reactions which occur frequently, recur from year to year or may be worthy of attention for other reasons. In most instances the underlying mechanism(s) are discussed in connection to the description of the adverse reactions. HORSE: An important adverse reaction in horse is 'penicillin-shock', which occurs following intramuscular injections of procaine benzylpenicillin or, less frequently, after intravenous injections of sodium or potassium benzylpenicillin. The reactions arise during or immediately after the injections. The dominating clinical signs are locomotor and behavioural changes. In most instances the horses recover within few minutes, but in some cases they die. An acute allergic anaphylaxis probably underlies the adverse reactions in the horses given sodium or potassium benzylpenicillin and in few horses given procaine benzylpenicillin. However, in most horses reacting to procaine benzylpenicillin the acute effects are probably due to procaine toxicity [1]. Horses are very sensitive to CNS-effects of procaine and experimental studies have shown that systemic administration of procaine in horses gives similar neurological signs as those observed in horses reacting to procaine benzylpenicillin [2]. Negative effects of different vaccines (group QI in Table 2) are frequently reported in horse and include injection site reactions, fever, urticaria, depression and general weakness. There are several reports that intravenous injections of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAID), such as flunixin and ketoprofen (group QM in Table 2), can induce immediate collapse with ataxia and seizures. Most horses recover, but there are also several reports of death [3]. The mechanism underlying these reactions is unknown. There are also reports that NSAID can cause erosions and ulcerations of the mucosa of the gastrointestinal tract, preferentially in the glandular part of the stomach. There are several reports of acute jointreactions in horses given intra-articular injections of sodium hyaluronate. There are several reports that hyperventilation can be observed in horses given α-2-receptor agonists, such as detomidine and romifidine (group QN in Table 2). The hyperventilation has in some instances been severe, with up to 150 breathings per minute [3]. The period required for normalization can be 1-1.5 h. To counteract the reactions atipamezole has usually been given, often without any immediate effect. Lack of expected efficacy has been reported for a product containing a combination of a barbiturate (quinalbarbitone) and a cardiotoxic compound (cinchocaine), which is used on license in Sweden for euthanasia in horse. Veterinarians given licence for this product are informed that there are cases of lack of efficacy and they are recommended to be prepared to have an alternative method for euthanasia. The reason for the lack of efficacy in some horses is not known. Euthanasia in horses is a difficult task and available methods have both advantages and disadvantages. For pharmacological euthanasia in horses there is still no optimal drug available. CATTLE: Penicillin-shock occurs in cattle, although less frequently than in horses. The underlying mechanisms can be assumed to be the same as in the horse. Thus: procaine toxicity or acute allergic anaphylaxis. There are rare but recurring reports of anaphylaxis and death in calves given a live vaccine against ringworm (Trichophyton verrucosum). A large number of calves is vaccinated each year against ringworm in Sweden within the so called 'Hide and Skin Trade and Improving Quality Program' (in Swedish 'Felfri Hudprogrammet'). This implies that the incidence of these reactions is low. There have been few reports that administration of anthelminthic intraruminal boluses can lead to oesophageal obstruction in calves. It is indicated in the Summary of Product Characteristics (SPC) and in the Patient Information Leaflet (PIL) of such products that this effect can be seen in young calves which have not yet developed the ruminating function. SWINE: In swine there are reports of local site reactions after intramuscular injections of mineral-oil containing vaccines. Mineral oil is used as an adjuvant to stimulate development of immunity and it is indicated in the SPC:s and the PIL:s of such products that local site reactions can occur. In the reported cases these reactions were more severe than expected [4]. This appears to be a problem especially in young sows, in which the reactions due to loss of appetite and lowered general condition also can lead to delayed oestrus. It should be noted that injection of mineral oil in man can lead to serious tissue injuries. A warning for this and a recommendation concerning which actions should be taken in cases of accidental self injection are given in SPC:s and PIL:s. There are several reports of anaphylaxis, seizures, vomiting and deaths in young pigs injected intramuscularly with iron. This is a well-known adverse reaction following parenteral iron therapy in pigs. The underlying mechanism is unclear. The most notable adverse reaction event in swine in Sweden occurred 1999-2000 and concerned animals treated with valnemulin. The adverse reactions were reported almost only in Sweden and Denmark (there was a single report from Finland and a single report from Ireland) [5]. The reactions were seen in 1-4 months old pigs given valnemulin in the feed as therapy for swine dysentery. The pigs reacted with fever, inappetence, apathy, erythema and ataxia. In Sweden more than 2000 pigs were affected and there were several deaths. The reason for the selective toxicity in pigs in Sweden and Denmark is not yet known, but is suspected to be related to some hereditary characteristic in swine of the Swedish and Danish landraces. It is known that antibiotics belonging to the pleuromutilin group, such as tiamulin and valnemulin, via an inhibition of CYP 3A, may potentiate the toxicity of ionophore antibiotics, such as narasin and monensin [6]. The latter are used as coccidiostatics in chicken and are degraded by CYP 3A. Contamination of valnemulin-containing pig-feed with ionophore antibiotics can result in symptoms similar to those described above. However, there were no indications that such a contamination had occurred. DOG: In dogs most reports concern adverse reactions to vaccines and to antiparasitic agents (QI and QP in Table 2). In Sweden dogs are vaccinated mainly against canine distemper virus infection, canine hepatitis, parvovirus infection, parainfluenza virus infection, rabies and leptospirosis. The incidence of the reported adverse reactions is in the range 0.5 - 5 reports per 10 000 doses of vaccine. Most reactions are probably due to allergies. The dogs can react with a spectrum of symptoms, which may include oedema of the nose and around the eyes and ears, itching, fever, urticaria, vomiting, diarrhoea, ataxia and anaphylactic shock. Our results indicate that one of the vaccines induces an adverse reaction-pattern which differs from that seen for the other vaccines [7]. ER  - 
Fatty acid CoA ligase-4 gene polymorphism influences fatty acid metabolism in metabolic syndrome, but not in depression; The composition of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in cell membranes and body tissues is altered in metabolic syndrome (MetS) and depressive disorder (DD). Within the cell, fatty acid coenzyme A (CoA) ligases (FACLs). activate PUFAs by esterifying with CoA. The FACL4 isoform prefers PUFAs. (arachidonic and eicosapentaenoic acid) as substrates, and the FACL4 gene is mapped to Xq23. We have analyzed the association between the common single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) (rs1324805, C to T substitution) in the first intron of the FACL4 gene and MetS or DD. The study included 113 healthy subjects (54Males/59Females), 56 MetS patients (34M/22F) and 41 DD patients (7M/34F). In MetS group, T-carriers and patients with CC or Co (CC/Co) genotype did not differ in the values of metabolic indices of MetS and M/F ratio. Nevertheless, in comparison wittf CC/Co, the T-allele carriers were characterized by enhanced unfavorable changes in fatty acid metabolism typical for MetS: higher content of dihomogammalinolenic acid (P < 0.05) and lower content of arachidonic acid in plasma phosphatidylcholine (PC) (P = 0.052), lower index of Δ5 desaturation (P < 0.01) and unsaturation index (Ul) (P < 0.001). In contrast, DD patients had higher concentrations of plasma glucose, insulin, conjugated dienes and index of insulin resistance, but showed no significant association with the studied SNP. The present study shows that the common SNP (C to T substitution) in the first intron of the FACL4 gene is associated with altered FA composition of plasma phosphatidylcholines in patients with MetS. - Long-chain fatty acid-CoA ligase 4; metabolic syndrome; depression; fatty acid; delta-5 fatty acid desaturase. © 2009 Tohoku University Medical Press. ER  - 
Feline herpesvirus infection ABCD guidelines on prevention and management; Overview: Feline viral rhinotracheitis, caused by feline herpesvirus (FHV), is an upper respiratory tract disease that is often associated with feline calicivirus and bacteria. In most cats, FHV remains latent after recovery, and they become lifelong virus carriers. Stress or corticosteroid treatment may lead to virus reactivation and shedding in oronasal and conjunctival secretions. Infection: Sick cats shed FHV in oral, nasal and conjunctival secretions; shedding may last for 3 weeks. Infection requires direct contact with a shedding cat. Disease signs: Feline herpesvirus infections cause acute rhinitis and conjunctivitis, usually accompanied by fever, depression and anorexia. Affected cats may also develop typical ulcerative, dendritic keratitis. Diagnosis: Samples consist of conjunctival, corneal or oropharyngeal swabs, corneal scrapings or biopsies. It is not recommended that cats recently vaccinated with a modified-live virus vaccine are sampled. Positive PCR results should be interpreted with caution, as they may be produced by low-level shedding or viral latency. Disease management: 'Tender loving care' from the owner, supportive therapy and good nursing are essential. Anorexic cats should be fed blended, highly palatable food - warmed up if required. Mucolytic drugs (eg, bromhexine) or nebulisation with saline may offer relief. Broad-spectrum antibiotics should be given to prevent secondary bacterial infections. Topical antiviral drugs may be used for the treatment of acute FHV ocular disease. The virus is labile and susceptible to most disinfectants, antiseptics and detergents. Vaccination recommendations: Two injections, at 9 and 12 weeks of age, are recommended, with a first booster 1 year later. Boosters should be given annually to at-risk cats. For cats in low-risk situations (eg, indoor-only cats), 3-yearly intervals suffice. Cats that have recovered from FHV-associated disease are usually not protected for life against further disease episodes; vaccination of recovered cats is therefore recommended. © 2009 ESFM and AAFP. ER  - 
Clinical trial of adjunctive celecoxib treatment in patients with major depression: A double blind and placebo controlled trial; Background: The pathophysiology of depression is associated with the hyperactivity of immune inflammatory responses. Cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitors such as celecoxib reduce the production of pro-inflammatory cytokines. The purpose of the present investigation was to assess the efficacy of celecoxib as an adjuvant agent in the treatment of major depression in a six-week double blind and placebo controlled trial. Methods: Forty adult outpatients who met the DSM-IV-TR criteria for major depression participated in the trial. Patients have a baseline Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression score of at least 18. Patients were allocated in a random fashion: 20 to fluoxetine 40 mg/day plus celecoxib 400 mg/day (200mg bid) (morning and evening) and 20 to fluoxetine 40 mg/ day plus placebo. Patients were assessed by a psychiatrist at baseline and after 1, 2, 4, and 6 weeks after the medication started. Results: Although both protocols significantly decreased the score of Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression over the trial period, the combination of fluoxetine and celecoxib showed a significant superiority over fluoxetine alone in the treatment of symptoms of major depression. There were no significant differences in the two groups in terms of observed side effects. Conclusion: The results of this study suggest that celecoxib may be an effective adjuvant agent in the management of patients with major depression and anti-inflammatory therapies should be further investigated. © 2009 Wiley-Liss, Inc. ER  - 
N-acetylcysteine, a glutamate modulator, in the treatment of trichotillomania: A double-blind, placebo-controlled study; Context: Trichotillomania is characterized by repetitive hair pulling that causes noticeable hair loss. Data on the pharmacologic treatment of trichotillomania are limited to conflicting studies of serotonergic medications. N-acetylcysteine, an amino acid, seems to restore the extracellular glutamate concentration in the nucleus accumbens and, therefore, offers promise in the reduction of compulsive behavior. Objective: To determine the efficacy and tolerability of N-acetylcysteine in adults with trichotillomania. Design: Twelve-week, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. Setting: Ambulatory care center. Patients: Fifty individuals with trichotillomania (45 women and 5 men; mean [SD] age, 34.3 [12.1] years). Interventions: N-acetylcysteine (dosing range, 1200-2400 mg/d) or placebo was administered for 12 weeks. Main Outcome Measures: Patients were assessed using the Massachusetts General Hospital Hair Pulling Scale, the Clinical Global Impression scale, the Psychiatric Institute Trichotillomania Scale, and measures of depression, anxiety, and psychosocial functioning. Outcomes were examined examined using analysis of variance modeling analyses and linear regression in an intention-to-treat population. Results: Patients assigned to receive N-acetylcysteine had significantly greater reductions in hair-pulling symptoms as measured using the Massachusetts General Hospital Hair Pulling Scale (P < .001) and the Psychiatric Institute Trichotillomania Scale (P=.001). Fifty-six percent of patients "much or very much improved" with N-acetylcysteine use compared with 16% taking placebo (P=.003). Significant improvement was initially noted after 9 weeks of treatment. Conclusions: This study, the first to our knowledge that examines the efficacy of a glutamatergic agent in the treatment of trichotillomania, found that N-acetylcysteine demonstrated statistically significant reductions in trichotillomania symptoms. No adverse events occurred in the N-acetylcysteine group, and N-acetylcysteine was well tolerated. Pharmacologic modulation of the glutamate system may prove to be useful in the control of a range of compulsive behaviors. Trial Registration: http://www.clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT00354770. ©2009 American Medical Association. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Diagnosis and treatment of lead poisoning in children and adults; Diagnosis of lead intoxication must be based basically on signs and symptoms produced by the main affected target organs: brain, hemopoietic system, kidneys, and periphery nervous system. The critical organ is the brain, promoting signs and symptoms of encephalopathy more or less pronounced according to the dose and duration of exposure. Such a symptoms are: headache, memory loss, concentration and attention problems, humor changes, irritability, depression, insomnia, somnolence, stupor, convulsions and coma. Diagnosis can be confirmed by blood and urine lead measurement, or by dosage of any parameter of lead effect on hemoglobin formation, like delta aminulevulinic acid in blood or urine and blood erythrocyte protoporphirin. Treatment is performed using chelating agents. Considering costs and commercial availability Brazilian experience regarding chelating agents for lead intoxications is limited to the use of dimecaprol (BAL), calcium versenate (EDTACaNa2) and D-penicilamine. However, the most efficacious drugs are intravenous EDTACaNa2, and oral dimercapto succinic acid (DMSA). BAL can be used together with EDTACaNa2 in adults when encephalopathic signs are present, or in children using EDTACaNa2 even without CNS signs and symptoms because BAL can pass blood-brain barrier chelating lead in the brain and protecting children against lead mobilization from other tissues to the brain provoked by EDTACaNa2. ER  - 
The effect of tumor necrosis factor antagonists on mood and mental health-associated quality of life: Novel hypothesis-driven treatments for bipolar depression?; Bipolar disorder (BD) is associated with high rates of morbidity, comorbidity, disability, economic and human capital costs as well as premature mortality. Although, the past decade has witnessed substantial progress in the treatment of BD, high rates of non-recovery, inter-episodic symptomatology, and episode recurrence remain an ongoing deficiency. Conventional treatments for BD are capable of alleviating 'surface-based' symptomatology yet no agent is disease-modifying. Translational research initiatives provide evidence that mood disorder symptomatology is subserved by disturbances in interacting immuno-inflammatory, metabolic, and neuroendocrine networks. Numerous studies document elevated pro-inflammatory circulating cytokines [e.g. interleukin-1 (IL-1), interleukin-6 (IL-6), and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-α)], in individuals with BD as compared to healthy volunteers. Elevated peripheral levels of TNF-α and its receptors (i.e. TNF-R1 and TNF-R2) are a frequent findings across depressive and manic states and may persist into euthymia. As such, TNF-α may constitute a trait marker of BD. Other markers of inflammation including acute phase reactants (e.g. C-reactive protein) and vascular adhesion molecules (e.g. intercellular adhesion molecule-1) are also altered in BD. Herein, we review supporting evidence for the hypothesis that disturbances in inflammatory homeostasis, as marked by elevated TNF-α levels, are salient to the pathophysiology of BD and provide a platform for novel drug discovery. In this review, we propose that TNF-α modulation is a target for disease-modifying treatment of BD. To support this hypothesis, we review evidence from clinical trials evaluating the efficacy of TNF-α antagonists (i.e. adalimumab, etanercept, and infliximab) on depressive symptoms and mental health-associated quality of life measures. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Chronic treatment with celecoxib reverses chronic unpredictable stress-induced depressive-like behavior via reducing cyclooxygenase-2 expression in rat brain; Recent clinical trails reported that adjunctive cyclooxygenase (COX)-2 inhibition with celecoxib is beneficial in treating depression. However, another clinical study showed celecoxib did not have inhibitory effect of COX-2 in human brain when given at a therapeutic dose. Therefore, whether celecoxib is exerting its influence through COX inhibition or by some other mechanism remains unclear. The present study further investigated the effect of celecoxib on COX-2 expression, prostaglandin E2 (PGE2, a major COX-2-mediated inflammatory mediator) concentration and the depressive-like behaviors in rats. Celecoxib was administrated by oral gavage to naive rats (16 mg/kg) or stressed rats (2, 8, 16 mg/kg, respectively) for 21 days, or to stressed rats for a single dose (16 mg/kg). The results showed that 21 days chronic unpredictable stress induced depressive-like behaviors and increased the COX-2 expression and PGE2 concentration in rat brain. Chronic treatments with celecoxib alleviated the depressive-like behavior and reversed the levels of COX-2 expression and PGE2 concentration in stressed rat in a dose-dependent manner. Celecoxib also improved the emotional state and decreased COX-2 expression and PGE2 concentration in naive rats. In addition, a single dose of celecoxib treatment reversed COX-2 expression and PGE2 concentration, but didn't alter the depressive-like behavior in stressed rat. These results suggest that COX-2 enzyme might play a key role in pathophysiology of depression. Furthermore, these data indicate that chronic celecoxib treatment reverse chronic unpredictable stress-induced depressive-like behavior might via reducing COX-2 enzyme in brain, and the selective COX-2 inhibitors could be developed as potential remedies for the management of depression. © 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Short of breath, not short of diagnoses; A 71-year-old African-American woman presented to the emergency department with chest pain, shortness of breath, and cough. She had initially presented to her primary care physician 2 weeks previously complaining of worsening cough and shortness of breath and was told to continue her inhaled albuterol and glucocorticoids and was prescribed a prednisone taper and an unknown course of antibiotics. She noted no improvement in her symptoms despite compliance with this treatment. Three days prior to admission she described the gradual onset of left-sided pleuritic chest pain with continued cough, associated with yellow sputum and worsening dyspnea. Review of systems was remarkable for generalized weakness and malaise. She denied fever, chills, orthopnea, paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea, lower extremity edema, diarrhea, nausea, vomiting, or abdominal pain. Her past medical history included a diagnosis of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) but pulmonary function tests 7 years prior to admission showed an forced expiratory volume in the first second (FEVI)/ forced vital capacity (FVC) ratio of 81%. She had a 30 pack-year history of smoking, but quit 35 years ago. The patient also carried a diagnosis of "heart failure," but an echocardiogram done 1 year ago demonstrated a left ventricular ejection fraction of 65% to 70% without diastolic dysfttnction but mild right ventricular dilation and hypertrophy, Additionally, she had known nonob-structive coronary atherosclerotic heart disease, dyslipidemia, hypertension, morbid obesit depression, and a documented chronic right hemidiaphragm elevation. © 2009 Society of Hospital Medicine. ER  - 
Multi-system fibromyalgia syndrome emulator; Fibromyalgia Syndrome is a chronic disorder characterized by abnormal pain, fatigue, depression, cognitive dysfunction and sleep disturbance. The body's immune, hormonal, and nervous systems are involved. The author proposes a model from his clinical practice where a relapsing human Herpesvirus 4 infection of β-lymphocytes causes inappropriate activation of immune system components, thus leading to typical FMS signs and symptoms. This clinical model was subsequently embodied in a computer based on the author's human nervous system function emulator, which imitates the brain's biochemical-neural-cognitive operations. This Forth language emulator program runs on a multiprocessor network recently enhanced with 8-core 32-bit CPUs. Supplemental analog circuit boards provide support for an artificial neural network, synthetic emotion and cellular substrate-receptor binding activity simulation. The effects of antiviral antibiotics and other chemicals on this disease are included in the emulator. Copyright 2009 ISA. All Rights Reserved. ER  - 
Folic acid, neurodegenerative and neuropsychiatric disease; Folic acid plays an important role in neuroplasticity and in the maintenance of neuronal integrity. Folate is a co-factor in one-carbon metabolism during which it promotes the regeneration of methionine from homocysteine, a highly reactive sulfur-containing amino acid. Methionine may then be converted to S-adenosylmethionine (SAM), the prinicpal methyl donor in most biosynthetic methylation reactions. On the cellular level, folate deficiency and hyperhomocysteinemia exert multiple detrimental effects. These include induction of DNA damage, uracil misincorporation into DNA and altered patterns of DNA methylation. Low folate status and elevated homocysteine increase the generation of reactive oxygen species and contribute to excitotoxicity and mitochondrial dysfunction which may lead to apoptosis. Strong epidemiological and experimental evidence links derangements of one-carbon metabolism to vascular, neurodegenerative and neuropsychiatric disease, including most prominently cerebral ischemia, Alzheimer's dementia and depression. Although firm evidence from controlled clinical trials is largely lacking, B-vitamin supplementation and homocysteine reduction may have a role especially in the primary prevention of stroke and dementia as well as as an adjunct to antidepressant pharmacotherapy. © 2009 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Omega-3 fatty acids in depression: A review of three studies; We review three studies of omega-3 fatty acids in the treatment of depression that were carried out by our research group at the Beer Sheva Mental Health Center. The first study examined eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) versus placebo as an adjunct to antidepressant treatment in 20 unipolar patients with recurrent major depression. The second study used omega-3 fatty acids in childhood major depression; 28 children aged 6-12 were randomized to omega-3 fatty acids or placebo as pharmacologic monotherapy. The third study was an open-label add-on trial of EPA in bipolar depression. Twelve bipolar outpatients with depressive symptoms were treated with 1.5-2.0 g/day of EPA for up to 6 months. In the adult unipolar depression study, highly significant benefits were found by week 3 of EPA treatment compared with placebo. In the child study, an analysis of variance (ANOVA) showed highly significant effects of omega-3 on each of the three rating scales. In the bipolar depression study, 8 of the 10 patients who completed at least 1 month of follow-up achieved a 50% or greater reduction in Hamilton depression (Ham-D) scores within 1 month. No significant side effects were reported in any of the studies. Omega-3 fatty acids were shown to be more effective than placebo for depression in both adults and children in small controlled studies and in an open study of bipolar depression. (This review discusses three studies, all from our group, completed before the clinical trial registry was initiated.) © 2009 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Maternal and perinatal outcomes with increasing duration of the second stage of labor; Objective: To estimate maternal and perinatal outcomes among women with increasing duration of the second stage of labor. Methods: A population-based cohort study was conducted among women with low-risk, singleton, vertex, nonanomalous deliveries at or after 37 weeks of gestation between 1988 and 2006. Individual maternal (hemorrhagic, infectious, and traumatic), perinatal (birth depression, infectious, and traumatic), and composite outcomes were evaluated with increasing duration of the second stage. Logistic regression was used to estimate adjusted odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals for all outcomes and to account for confounding variables, including maternal age, prelabor rupture of membranes, augmentation of labor, antibiotics in labor, regional analgesia, gestational age, birth weight, and year of birth. Effect modification caused by method of delivery was considered. Results: From a population of 193,823 women, 121,517 women met inclusion and exclusion criteria, of whom 63,404 (52%) were nulliparous. There was an increase in risk of maternal obstetric trauma, postpartum hemorrhage, puerperal febrile morbidity and composite maternal morbidity, and low 5-minute Apgar score, birth depression, admission to the neonatal intensive care unit, and composite perinatal morbidity among both nulliparous women and multiparous women, with increasing duration of the second stage of labor. Method of delivery only modified the effect of duration of second stage among nulliparous women. Conclusion: Risks of both maternal and perinatal adverse outcomes rise with increased duration of the second stage, particularly for duration longer than 3 hours in nulliparous women and longer than 2 hours in multiparous women. © 2009 by The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists. Published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Poisoning in special patient groups: The elderly; Background: The epidemiology of poisoning in the elderly differs from that in younger patients for several reasons. Epidemiology: Firstly the mortality rate per self-harm event is generally higher, and a variety of hypotheses may be considered to explain this. Elderly patients who self harm may have a clearer strategy to achieve a completed suicide. In addition they are more likely to have ready access to more toxic agents, due to the need to treat the increasing frequencies of illness seen in the ageing population. Drug ingestion is favoured by females, and as in younger age groups, more violent methods of self-harm tend to be used by males. Other cultural factors affect self-harm methods, and in countries where there is widespread availability of firearms these achieve greater prominence as a cause of death. There is also data to support the hypothesis that elderly patients with self harm have a greater risk of completed suicide than younger patients, some studies putting the excess risk as high as seven fold.1 Social isolation, depression, early dementia, chronic ill-health and poverty may all be additional risk factors. There is good evidence that increasing numbers of concurrent diseases also increases risk of completed suicide.2 A number of studies have shown that the pattern of drug ingestion in the elderly is different to the young in overdose. The key implication here is that drug availability affects the agent taken in overdose. Pathophysiology: Even apparently healthy older patients are more likely to have a deterioration in renal and cardiovascular function that will potentially affect susceptibility to toxins. They may have co-morbid conditions that influence their decision to self-harm but also that increase the potential toxicity of ingested agents due to impaired pathophysiological responses.3 Deliberate self-harm in the elderly is more likely to include a drug ingestion than in other age groups.4,5 Quantification of the excess risk of mortality within individual drug groupings is more difficult because of the problem in linking dose to effect in different patient populations. Studies on patients with major paracetamol poisoning suggest that in this situation age is a determinant of risk of renal dysfunction, which in turn relates to poor outcome. This finding is independent of dose ingested and appears therefore to indicate impaired ability to respond to the effects of paracetamol. Whether this is due to existing renal dysfunction, nutritional deficiency in patients ingesting the drug or other factors requires further exploration. Age has been identified as an independent risk factor for hepatotoxicity from paracetamol poisoning, but may also be associated with increased regular alcohol consumption and late presentation - both of which increase risk of hepatotoxicity.6 Diminished elimination of renally excreted compounds occurs as the body ages, and thus accumulation of agents such as digoxin and lithium are more likely. There is some evidence that the cardiac effects of digoxin are greater in the elderly thus further complicating the clinical scenario. Elderly patients who have ingested agents that alter acid base balance are less able to resist these changes and this is particularly a feature of aspirin poisoning. Fortunately the incidence of this condition has reduced but in those patients who ingest large quantities physicians' lack of familiarity with this poison may mean patients are not adequately treated. The pharmacokinetics of drugs may change in the elderly. With reduced muscle and fat mass the apparent volume of distribution may change, therefore altering the relationship between ingested dose and plasma concentration. The impact of this on outcome in poisoning is difficult to evaluate. Evidence that drug metabolism changes significantly in old-age in a way which affects outcome is also more difficult to establish, although there is some evidence that hepatic clearance of some agents is reduced in the elderly. This may be one factor in the apparent excess mortality seen with benzodiazepines in the elderly.4 Some of these changes in metabolism may be related to changes in organ mass rather than enzyme activity. Implications: Elderly patients appear to have a higher rate of successful suicide indicating the need to be more aware of their higher suicide intentionality. Managing underlying diseases optimally may assist in prevention of recurrence. There is some evidence to suggest that elderly patients who ingest similar doses may have worse outcomes than younger ones.3 Management strategies need therefore to be appropriately targeted and correct physiological abnormalities. Delayed excretion and increased susceptibility of end organs, particular the heart and brain, may also contribute to excess mortality. Targeting poisons information for the elderly poisoned patient is more difficult as physiological responses may not be so readily predictable as in the young. ER  - 
Dexmedetomidine in withdrawal syndromes: A case report describing dexmedetomidine in acute intrathecal baclofen pump withdrawal and review of the literature regarding alpha2-adrenergic agonist use in sedative-hypnotic withdrawal; Objective: Acute withdrawal from intrathecal baclofen is a potentially life-threatening illness.1,2 We describe the use of dexmedetomidine, a selective alpha2-adrenergic agonist, as primary therapy in severe intrathecal baclofen pump failure. Additionally, we review the literature regarding dexmedetomidine use in withdrawal syndromes. Case report: A 37-year-old paraplegic man presented with an intrathecal baclofen-pump site infection. Attempts to preserve catheter function failed and the pump was emergently removed. Within twentyfour hours, he developed progressive, severe baclofen withdrawal with spasticity, hypertension, tachycardia and fever. Intravenous dexmedetomidine was initiated with rapid symptomatic improvement. Intubation was avoided. The patient was successfully weaned from dexmedetomidine and continued on oral baclofen and antibiotics. Conclusion: GABA and NMDA agonists are used adjunctively for intrathecal baclofen withdrawal syndrome until pump replacement.3 However, alpha2-adrenergic agonists decrease central sympathetic outflow and noradrenergic activity. Dexmedetomidine has a favorable side-effect profile compared to barbiturates and propofol, and may be administered with minimal respiratory depression compared to standard therapies for severe withdrawal states.4,5 A small but growing literature describes successful use of dexmedetomidine as adjuvant and even primary treatment of opiate, sedative-hypnotic and refractory alcohol withdrawal.5 Dexmedetomidine may be an effective agent for treatment of withdrawal syndromes. Discussion and further study is warranted. ER  - 
Taurine transporter in lymphocytes of patients with major depression treated with venlafaxine plus psychotherapy; The taurine transporter and taurine are present in lymphocytes, where taurine functions as an antioxidant and an anti-inflammatory agent. Taurine levels are elevated in lymphocytes of subjects with major depression, but returns to control levels after treatment with the antidepressant mirtazapine. Patients (40) were diagnosed using the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual IV of the American Psychiatric Association, and the severity of their condition was determined by the Hamilton Scale of Depression. One group of patients was treated with venlafaxine and the other with venlafaxine plus Neuro-Linguistic Programming. Lymphocytes were isolated from the peripheral blood by Ficoll/Hypaque. The coexistence of the taurine transporter with a subpopulation of CD4+ and CD8+ lymphocytes was measured by immunofluorescence. The levels of the pro-inflammatory, IL-2, and the anti-inflammatory, IL-4, cytokines were determined by ELISA while plasma amino acid levels were determined by HPLC. The percentage of CD4+ cells significantly decreased after both treatments, whereas the levels of CD8+ cells remained unchanged. The taurine transporter of CD4+ and CD8+ cells decreased after integrate treatment. No differences were found in the levels of IL-2 while IL-4 levels increased after integrate treatment. The observed effects of treatment on the taurine transporter and IL-4 content might modify lymphocyte activity during depression. © 2009 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC. ER  - 
Lipopolysaccharide-induced depressive-like behavior is mediated by indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase activation in mice; Although elevated activity of the tryptophan-degrading enzyme indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase (IDO) has been proposed to mediate comorbid depression in inflammatory disorders, its causative role has never been tested. We report that peripheral administration of lipopolysaccharide (LPS) activates IDO and culminates in a distinct depressive-like behavioral syndrome, measured by increased duration of immobility in both the forced-swim and tail suspension tests. Blockade of IDO activation either indirectly with the anti-inflammatory tetracycline derivative minocycline, that attenuates LPS-induced expression of proinflammatory cytokines, or directly with the IDO antagonist 1-methyltryptophan (1-MT), prevents development of depressive-like behavior. Both minocycline and 1-MT normalize the kynurenine tryptophan ratio in the plasma and brain of LPS-treated mice without changing the LPS-induced increase in turnover of brain serotonin. Administration of L-kynurenine, a metabolite of tryptophan that is generated by IDO, to naive mice dose dependently induces depressive-like behavior. These results implicate IDO as a critical molecular mediator of inflammation-induced depressive-like behavior, probably through the catabolism of tryptophan along the kynurenine pathway. © 2009 Nature Publishing Group. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Cost consequences of HIV-associated lipoatrophy; HIV-associated lipoatrophy may affect up to 35% of patients who have received antiretroviral (ARV) regimens for more than one year, and may result in depression, social isolation, and career barriers. Interventions including the injection of dermal fillers for restoration of facial fat loss are being used for treating HIV-associated lipoatrophy. Since reimbursement is often lacking, patients must consider the pros and cons of such interventions, weighed against the other costs of daily life. The primary goal of the study is to provide reliable estimates of the costs of treating HIV-associated lipoatrophy, specifically facial lipoatrophy. Costs are provided for a single site and are estimated from published studies reporting administration patterns of dermal fillers, publicly available list prices, and physician service fees for similar subcutaneous injections of the face. Fourteen studies were identified that reported experience with five dermal fillers used to treat HIV-associated facial lipoatrophy: poly-L-lactic acid, calcium hydroxylapatite, polyalkylimide gel, hyaluronic acid, and silicone oil. Typical courses involve four physician visits, but could vary from 1 to 13. The cost of a course of dermal filler treatment at a single site ranges across four products (all other than hyaluronic acid) from $3690 to $16,544, and is typically not covered by the payers. Physician fees for an entire course of similar outpatient procedures reimbursed by insurers are approximately $500, and may vary according to location, specialty, and market conditions. These procedures need to be repeated per site injected with intervals of 1-3 years. Treatment of HIV-associated lipoatrophy may represent a considerable out-of-pocket expense for many patients with HIV. This could have implications for deciding whether to undergo a restorative procedure, which procedure to undergo, and whether to pursue other options that may include switching ARV regimens. ER  - 
Biological mechanism of antidepressant effect of omega-3 fatty acids: How does fish oil act as a 'mind-body interface'?; The unsatisfactory results of monoamine-based antidepressant therapy and the high occurrence of somatic symptoms and physical illness in patients with depression imply that the serotonin hypothesis is insufficient to approach the aetiology of depression. Depressive disorders with somatic presentation are the most common form of depression. Somatization, the bodily symptoms without organic explanation, is similar to cytokine-induced sickness behaviour. Based on recent evidence, omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs, or n-3 fatty acids) are enlightening a promising path to discover the unsolved of depression, sickness behaviour and to link the connection of mind and body. The PUFAs are classified into n-3 (or omega-3) and n-6 (or omega-6) groups. Eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid, the major bioactive components of n-3 PUFAs, are not efficiently synthesized in humans and should therefore be obtained directly from the diet, particularly by consuming fish. Docosahexaenoic acid deficiency is associated with dysfunctions of neuronal membrane stability and transmission of serotonin, norepinephrine and dopamine, which might connect to the aetiology of mood and cognitive dysfunction of depression. Likewise, eicosapentaenoic acid is important in balancing the immune function and physical health by reducing membrane arachidonic acid (an n-6 PUFA) and prostaglandin E2 synthesis, which might be linked to the somatic manifestations and physical comorbidity in depression. The role of n-3 PUFAs in immunity and mood function supports the promising hypothesis of psychoneuroimmunology of depression and provides an excellent interface between 'mind' and 'body'. This review is to provide an overview of the evidence about the role of n-3 PUFAs in depression and its common comorbid physical conditions and to propose mechanisms by which they may modulate molecular and cellular functions. Copyright © 2009 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
The precision of health state valuation by members of the general public using the standard gamble; Background: Precision is a recognised requirement of patient-reported outcome measures but no previous studies of the precision of methods for obtaining health state values from the general public, based on specific health state descriptions or vignettes, have been carried out. The methodological requirements of policy makers internationally is driving growth in the use of methods to obtain utilities from the general public to inform cost per quality-adjusted life-year (QALY) analyses of health technologies being considered for adoption by health systems. Methods: The precision of five comparisons of the outcomes of treatments, based on health state descriptions, was assessed against the results of clinical trials which showed a statistically and clinically significant improvement using an internet panel of members of the UK general public. Health states were developed to depict the baseline and post-treatment states from these exemplar clinical trials. Preferences for health states were obtained using bottom-up titrated standard gamble over the internet, and differences between summary health state values corresponding to the treatment and comparator groups within each exemplar study were compared. Results are considered in the context of various estimates for the minimally important difference in utility values. Results: Participation among members of the internet panel in the five exemplars ranged from 27 to 59. In four of the five exemplars, the utility-based estimates of treatment benefit showed significant differences between groups and were greater than an assumed minimally important difference of 0.1. Mean utility differences between groups were: 0.23 (computerised cognitive behavioural therapy for depression, P < 0.001), 0.11 (hip resurfacing for hip osteoarthritis, P < 0.001), 0.0005 (cognitive behavioural therapy for insomnia, P = 0.98), 0.15 (pulmonary rehabilitation for COPD, P < 0.001) and 0.11 (infliximab for Crohn's disease, P < 0.001). The confidence intervals around the estimates of utility-based treatment effect in three of the five examples did not exclude the possibility of a difference smaller than a minimally important difference of 0.1. Recent empirical evidence suggests a lower minimally important difference (0.03) may be more appropriate, in which case our results provide further reassurance of preservation of precision in health state description and valuation. Conclusions: The precision of estimates of treatment effects based on preference data obtained from disease-specific measurements in clinically significant studies of health technologies was acceptable using an internet-based panel of members of the general public and the standard gamble. Definition of the minimally important difference in utility estimates is required to adequately assess precision and should be the subject of further research. © 2009 Springer Science+Business Media B.V. ER  - 
Infliximab in Crohn's Disease: Long term durability experience; INTRODUCTION: Infliximab (IFx) has demonstrated it's efficacy to induce and maintain remission in Crohn's Disease (CD)(ACCENT I/II). Durability data beyond 54 weeks is needed with IFx use to help refine therapy and obtain optimal long-term response. METHODS: We created a database of 106 CD pts treated with IFx between Oct 1999 and Oct 2008 (9yrs). Data collected included demographics, adverse events, time to loss of response, concomitant immunosuppressives, smoking status, disease anatomy/type. Remission was defined by standard clinical parameters. Loss of response to IFx was defined as the need for a reduction in dose interval or increased dosage required to recapture a response. Kaplan-Meier Survival analysis was used to compare time to loss of response of IFx. Subgroups were compared using the Log Rank test. Analysis was performed using XLStat with significance taken at p= <0.05. RESULTS: A total of 106 pts, (60F:46M, median age 39yrs (17-79)) were included. Disease anatomy, 40 (37.7%) pts ileum, 26 (24.5%) colonic, 33 (31.3%) ileocolonic and 7 (6.6%) UGI. 51 (48.1%) pts had perianal involvement. Pts received induction IFx at 0, 2 and 6 weeks. 20 (18.9%) pts stopped IFx at induction due to SE's, lack of response or surgery. 14 pts (13.2%) were treated on an episodic basis, while the remainder received scheduled IFx. The mean duration of IFx was 19.7 mths (2 - 93). 51 pts received 8 wkly doses whereas 21 pts were maintained on 12 wkly doses. There was no difference in loss of response between 8 or 12 week maintenance (p=NS). 16% of initial responders to IFx were in remission at 8 yrs follow-up. 18% of perianal pt's were in remission at 5 yrs vs 44% of pts without perianal disease (p=0.056). Non-smokers had a response of 58.7% at 5 yrs vs 31.6% of smokers. Ex-smokers performed poorly with no responders beyond 5 years. This was significant (p=0.007). There were no significant differences in durability between disease anatomy and age groups. 10 (9.4%) pts had an allergic reaction to IFx. 4 (3.7%) pts developed infections (pneumonia,EBV,cellulitis and TB) that required IFx cessation. 2 pts developed dyspnoea which led to IFx withdrawal. Treatment was stopped due to depression in 1 pt. 2 pts died of causes unrelated to IFx Rx. CONCLUSION: This data confirms published medium term durability data and suggests only 16% of pts remain in remission at 8 years following IFx. Pts with Perianal disease and smokers have worse long-term outcomes to IFx maintenance treatment. Episodic Rx does not appear to be inferior to scheduled therapy. As the majority of pts were on concomitant immunomodulators, the effects of this on durability could not be assessed. ER  - 
Anxiety and depression symptoms in Crohn's disease (CD) patients in remission; Background: Role of anxiety and depression in CD patients in remission has been poorly investigated. We hypothesized that despite clinical remission, anxiety and depression symptoms are frequent in CD patients. Aim of the study was to evaluate the frequency of anxiety and depression symptoms in CD patients in remission and the potential factors influencing the development of these symptoms. Methods: CD patients older than 18 years, and in remission for at least 6 months before study entry were included. CD remission was defined as a Crohn's Disease Activity Index (CDAI) <150 points together with a C-reactive protein <5 mg/L. A questionnaire including age, gender, academic education, marital status and smoking habits was fulfilled. Patients were classified according to the time (years) from diagnosis of the disease, location and behaviour of the disease according to the Montreal Classification, presence of perianal disease, presence of extraintestinal manifestations, previous bowel resection, and development of steroid-dependency or steroid-resistance. Therapy maintaining remission was also recorded. Hospital Anxiety and Depression scale (HAD) was calculated in all patients. Results are shown as OR and 95%CI and analyzed by logistic regression. Results: 92 consecutive patients were included (48 male, mean age 37 years, range from 18 to 71 years). One patient failed to fulfil correctly the questionnaire. Anxiety and depression symptoms were present in 36 (39%) and 22 (24%) patients, respectively. Infliximab therapy was the only factor associated with anxiety (OR=3.11; 95%CI: 1.03-9.43; p<0.05). On the contrary, presence of depressive symptoms is less frequent in patients under infliximab therapy (OR=0.16; 95%CI: 0.02-0.97; p<0.05). Previous bowel resection (OR= 13.01; 95%CI: 1.89-89.51; p<0.01) and ileal disease (OR=8.26; 95%CI: 1.24-55.04; p<0.05) are factors associated to depressive symptoms. Conclusions: Despite clinical remission, an important number of CD patients presents with anxiety or depressive symptoms. Infliximab therapy in CD patients is associated to more anxiety, but fewer depressive symptoms. CD patients in remission would probably benefit from psychological support. ER  - 
Disease activity and pANCA status determine early response to infliximab in ulcerative colitis; Background: Infliximab (IFX; Remicade, Schering Plough), a chimeric monoclonal antibody targeting TNF-α, represents the first approved biological treatment for ulcerative colitis (UC). Recent studies could demonstrate the efficacy of IFX for induction and maintenance of remission in UC. In order to evaluate the response to IFX and remission rates in our single center UC cohort and to identify possible predictors for early response, we analyzed retrospectively the data of 90 UC patients treated with IFX. Methods: All patients with moderate to severe UC (Lichtiger score CAI 5-18), refractory to immunosuppressive therapy or steroids and treated with IFX for at least 2 months between January 2005 and May 2008 were included into this study. Following induction therapy (week 0, 2, and 6), IFX infusions (5 mg/kg) were given every 8 weeks. For evaluation of disease activity, the CAI was calculated for each patient at each visit (Definitions for remission and clinical response: clinical remission: ≤ 4 points, clinical response: drop of ≥ 5 points). Results Overall, 90 patients were included into data analysis. Clinical response was observed in 50 patients (56%) with a decrease of mean CAI from 11.3 (range 5-18) before IFX to 3.8 points (range 0-9) after first infusion (mean decrease: 7.6, range 5-18). Fourty patients (44%) did not show significant clinical response to initial therapy (mean Δ of CAI 1.1; range -5-4). In 9 cases (10%; including 5 initial responders and 4 non-responders), infusion reactions appeared and treatment was stopped in 7 of these patients. Two patients with minor reactions were further treated with IFX (both initial responders). During IFX therapy, steroid treatment was stopped in 28 out of 42 patients (66.7%) with concomitant steroids at the onset of IFX therapy. Performing multivariate analysis for potential predictors of response, gender, presence of elevated ANCA serum levels, and severity of disease were found to influence the response. Nine patients (5 primary responders, 4 non-responders) experienced worsening of disease leading to colectomy. Additionally to colectomy and infusion reactions, the following adverse events were observed: worsening of pre-existing depression (n=1), delayed infusion reaction (n=1), viral respiratory infection (n=3), arthralgia (n=2), vomiting (n=4). Conclusion Patients with refractory UC benefit from IFX therapy. Severity of disease, gender and elevated serum levels of ANCA seem to modulate the response to IFX and could therefore be used to predict the likelihood of response to IFX before treatment. To clarify the long term outcome, studies in larger cohorts and long term follow-up will be necessary. ER  - 
Anti-inflammatory effect of vagus nerve stimulation in a rat model of colitis; Background: The vagus nerve (VN), which innervates the colon, is composed of 20% and 80% efferent and afferent fibers respectively. The anti-inflammatory properties of the VN were first attributed to its afferent fibers, through an activation of the hypothalamic-pituitary adrenal axis. More recently, it has been demonstrated that efferent fibers also have an antiinflammatory effect through a peripheral release of acetylcholine which binds to an alpha-7-nicotinic receptor to inhibit the release of pro-inflammatory cytokines (e.g. TNFalpha) by macrophages (1). VN stimulation (VNS) has been approved for the treatment of epilepsy and depression in humans. VNS has also been successful for the treatment of experimental sepsis and pancreatitis. Aim: to use VNS to prevent or improve an experimental colitis in rats. Methods: colonic inflammation was chemically induced by intracolonic instillation of trinitrobenzensulfonic acid (TNBS; 30mg/kg in 50% ethanol). Control animals received intracolonic instillation of saline. VNS was performed by stimulation of the left cervical VN (3 hours per day for 5 days; 1mA, 500μsec, 10sec ON, 90sec OFF, 5Hz). Non-stimulated rats were implanted in the same conditions. Twelve animals were used per group. At the end of VNS (day 5), body weight was measured (and compared to the initial weight) and digestive tissues were removed for biological analysis (myeloperoxydase activity: MPOA) and TNFalpha mRNA assays by PCR. Results: VNS induced a decrease in body weight loss at day 5 in TNBS animals and a decrease of MPOA levels in the distal colon compared to non stimulated animals. A decrease of TNFalpha mRNA in colonic tissue was also observed after VNS in both TNBS and non-TNBS groups, but only significant in control animals. Conclusion: Expected anti-inflammatory effect of VNS was established by the MPOA decrease while a slight decrease of TNFalpha mRNA was observed in VNS-TNBS group in our conditions. These results suggest that other anti-inflammatory pathways could be involved in the improvement of colonic inflammation by VNS. These experimental data argue for the possible use of VNS in treatment of inflammatory bowel diseases in humans. 1.Tracey KJ. Physiology and immunology of the cholinergic antiinflammatory pathway. J Clin Invest. 2007;117:289-96. ER  - 
Psychopharmacogenetics: A new era of rational treatment in psychiatry; Dr Laje: The Sequenced Treatment Alternatives to Relieve Depression (STAR∗D) study followed prospectively a cohort of 1915 individuals who were treated with the SSRI citalopram and provided DNA. Patients were assessed iweekly to evaluate severity and tolerability. Dr. Laje will present candidate gene (sampling 68 genes) and genome-wide association study (using 109,435 markers) in a subset of this cohort (n=338) to test for genetic variation associated with tolerability. Dr. Alda: Response to long term lithium treatment has been associated with several clinical factors, including family history of bipolar disorder and response to lithium in affected relatives. The available data support the view that responders to lithium constitute a core bipolar phenotype particularly suitable for gene-mapping efforts. These findings as well as methodological considerations will be discussed in the presentation. Dr. Opgen-Rhein: Antipsychotic-induced weight gain is likely modulated by genetic factors. We analyzed important candidate genes, including the 5-HT2C, insulin induced gene G (INSIG), glutamic acid decarboxylase (GAD2) and the leptin gene in a German sample. One 5-HT2C promoter marker genotype showed strong association with weight gain (p=.005) Dr. Mueller: Polymorphisms of the CYP2D6 and CYP2C19 genes have been genotyped by use of the Roche AmpliChip in 40 OCD patients, and 30 schizophrenia patients. CYP2D6 rapid metabolizers were significantly more often antidepressants nonresponders(p=.01). The schizophrenia CYP2D6 extensive metabolizers showed improved positive symptoms whereas the intermediate metabolizers had worsening of positive symptoms. In other analyses, the cannabinoid-1-receptor gene was associated with antipsychotic induced weight gain in a sample of 209 patients. ER  - 
Minocycline and microglial activation in schizophrenia and methamphetamine psychosis; Background: Accumulating evidence suggests that microglial activation associated with inflammation might be involved in the pathophysiology of neuropsychiatric diseases including schizophrenia, drug abuse, depression, and autism. The present study was undertaken to examine the possibility of minocycline (a blocker of microglial activation) as a therapeutic drug for schizophrenia and methamphetamine psychosis. Methods: The effects of minocycline on behavioral changes (e.g., prepulse inhibition (PPI) deficits and cognitive deficits) in mice after the administration of the NMDA receptor antagonists were examined. Furthermore, the effects of minocycline on the behavioral changes and neurotoxicity in mice and conscious monkeys after the administration of methamphetamine were also examined. Results: Minocycline significantly attenuated PPI deficits and cognitive deficits after the administration of the NMDA receptor antagonists. Furthermore, minocycline significantly attenuated behavioral changes, neurotoxicity, and microglial activation in mice after the repeated administration of methamphetamine. Moreover, a PET study using conscious monkeys revealed that the reduction of dopamine transporter in the monkey striatum after repeated administration of methamphetamine could be attenuated by posttreatment and subsequent administration of minocycline. Conclusions: These findings suggest that minocycline would be a potential therapeutic drug for schizophrenia and methamphetamine psychosis. Drugs (e.g., minocycline), which can block microglia activation, could be novel therapeutic drugs for neuropsychiatric diseases associated with microglia activation. ER  - 
Acne in the adult; This paper is a general overview that contributes for the knowledge systematization concerning the characteristics of the acne in the adult, its prevalence, causes, diagnosis, classification and drugs available for treatment. The reference therapy is the combination between topical retinoids and oral antibiotics. Oral isotretinoin is still the only available therapy that may modify the different acne physiopathologic factors and therefore it is the standard treatment for severe acne. The importance of the acne treatment in the adult should be enhanced as it can also lead to symptoms of serious depression and anxiety. © 2009 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
JNJ-20788560 [9-(8-azabicyclo[3.2.1]oct-3-ylidene)-9H- Xanthene-3- carboxylic acid diethylamide], a selective delta opioid receptor agonist, is a potent and efficacious antihyperalgesic agent that does not produce respiratory depression, pharmacologic tolerance, or physical dependence; μ-Opioid analgesics are a mainstay in the treatment of acute and chronic pain of multiple origins, but their side effects, such as constipation, respiratory depression, and abuse liability, adversely affect patients. The recent demonstration of the up- regulation and membrane targeting of the δ-opioid receptor (DOR) following inflammation and the consequent enhanced therapeutic effect of δ-opioid agonists have enlivened the search for δ-opioid analgesic agents. JNJ-20788560 [9-(8-azabicyclo- [3.2.1]oct-3-ylidene)-9H-xanthene-3-carboxylic acid diethyl-amide] had an affinity of 2.0 nM for DOR (rat brain cortex binding assay) and a naltrindole sensitive DOR potency of 5.6 nM (5'-0-(3-[35S]thio)triphosphate assay). The compound had a potency of 7.6 mg/kg p.o. in a rat zymosan radiant heat test and of 13.5 mg/kg p.o. in a rat Complete Freund's adjuvant RH test but was virtually inactive in an uninflamed radiant heat test. In limited studies, tolerance was not observed to the antihyperal- gesic or antinociceptive effects of the compound. Unlike ibupro- fen, JNJ-20788560 did not produce gastrointestinal (GI) erosion. Although morphine reduced GI motility at all doses tested and reached nearly full effect at the highest dose, JNJ-20788560 did not retard transit at the lowest dose and reached only 11% reduction at the highest dose administered. Unlike morphine, JNJ-20788560 did not exhibit respiratory depression (blood gas analysis), and no withdrawal signs were precipitated by the administration of opioid (μ or δ) antagonists. Coupled with the previously published lack of self-administration behavior of the compound by alfentanil-trained primates, these findings strongly recommend δ-opioid agonists such as JNJ-20788560 for the relief of inflammatory hyperalgesia. Copyright © 2009 by The American Society for Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics. ER  - 
Interferon-γ and tumor necrosis factor-α mediate the upregulation of indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase and the induction of depressive-like behavior in mice in response to bacillus calmette-guérin; Although the tryptophan-degrading enzyme, indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase (IDO), is a pivotal mediator of inflammation-induced depression, its mechanism of regulation has not yet been investigated in this context. Here, we demonstrate an essential role for interferon (IFN)γ and tumor necrosis factor (TNF)α in the induction of IDO and depressive-like behaviors in response to chronic immune activation. Wild-type (WT) control mice and IFNγR-/- mice were inoculated with an attenuated form of Mycobacterium bovis, bacille Calmette-Guérin (BCG). Infection with BCG induced an acute episode of sickness that was similar in WT and IFNγR -/- mice. Increased immobility during the forced swim and tail suspension tests occurred in WT mice 7 d after BCG inoculation but was entirely absent in IFNγR-/- mice. In WT mice, these indices of depressive-like behavior were associated with chronic upregulation of IFNγ, interleukin(IL)-lβ, TNFα, and IDO. Proinflammatory cytokine expression was elevated in BCG-infected IFNγR-/- mice as well, but upregulation of lung and brain IDO mRNA was completely abolished. This was accompanied by an attenuation of BCG-induced TNFα mRNA and the lack of an increase in plasma kynurenine/tryptophan ratio in the BCG-inoculated IFNγR-/- mice compared with WT controls. Pretreatment of mice with the TNFα antagonist, etanercept, partially blunted BCG-induced IDO activation and depressive-like behavior. In accordance with these in vivo data, IFN4gM and TNFα synergized to induce IDO in primary microglia. Together, these data demonstrate that IFNγ, with TNFα, is necessary for induction of IDO and depressive-like behavior in mice after BCG infection. Copyright © 2009 Society for Neuroscience. ER  - 
Kynurenine metabolites and inflammation markers in depressed patients treated with fluoxetine or counselling; Depression could result from changes in tryptophan availability caused by activation of the kynurenine pathway as a result of inflammation. In the present study, we examined patients newly diagnosed with depression to determine whether kynurenines and related factors change in parallel with improvements in mood. Concentrations of 5-hydroxytryptamine (5-HT; serotonin), 5-hydroxyindoleacetic acid (5-HIAA), oxidized tryptophan metabolites, brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) and inflammatory mediators (interleukin (IL)-2, C-reactive protein (CRP), neopterin) were measured in peripheral blood during an 18 week period of treatment with fluoxetine, fluoxetine plus tri-iodothyronine (T3) or psychiatric counselling. The results showed significant improvements in mood, with reduced 5-HT concentrations in patients given fluoxetine and a rise in plasma tryptophan in patients given counselling or fluoxetine and T3. The addition of T3 to the fluoxetine regimen appeared to slow recovery from depression, although the use of T 3 was associated with a fall in thyroxine concentrations. Changes in 5-HT concentrations did not correlate with psychiatric scores and were seen only in drug-treated groups, not those given counselling. There were no associated changes in absolute concentrations of kynurenines, BDNF, CRP, neopterin or IL-2. With fluoxetine treatment, there were correlations between the concentrations of kynurenine metabolites and the psychiatric rating scores, whereas no correlations were found with BDNF or inflammatory markers. It is concluded that depression scores are largely independent of inflammatory status, but kynurenine metabolism may be related to the degree of depression after fluoxetine treatment. © 2008 Blackwell Publishing Asia Pty Ltd. ER  - 
Psychological impact of Crohn's disease on patients in remission: Anxiety and depression risks; Background: the role of anxiety and depression in CD patients in remission has been poorly investigated. Objective: the aim of the study was to evaluate the frequency of anxiety and depression symptoms in CD patients in remission, and potential factors influencing the development of these symptoms. Methods: CD patients older than 18 years in remission for at least 6 months before study entry were included. CD remission was defined as a Crohn's Disease Activity Index (CDAI) < 150 points together with C-reactive protein < 5 mg/L. A demographic questionnaire was filled in, and all patients were clinically classified. The therapy maintaining remission was also recorded. A Hospital Anxiety and Depression scale (HAD) was administered to all patients. Results are shown as OR and 95% CI, and analyzed by logistic regression. Results: 92 consecutive patients were included (48 male, mean age 37 years, range from 18 to 71 years). One patient failed to correctly fill in the questionnaire. Anxiety and depression symptoms were present in 36 (39%) and 22 (24%) patients, respectively. Infliximab therapy was the only factor associated with anxiety (OR = 3.11; 95% CI: 1.03-9.43; p < 0.05). In contrast, the presence of depressive symptoms is less frequent in patients under infliximab therapy (OR = 0.16; 95% CI: 0.02-0.97; p < 0.05). Conclusions: despite clinical remission, an important number of CD patients present with anxiety or depressive symptoms. Infliximab therapy in CD patients is associated to more anxiety but fewer depressive symptoms. CD patients in remission would probably benefit from psychological support. Copyright © 2009 Arán Ediciones, S. L. ER  - 
Non-convulsive status epilepticus following antibiotic therapy as a cause of unexplained loss of consciousness in patients with renal failure; Background: Non-convulsive status epilepticus (NCSE): a condition that may be associated with different levels of altered consciousness without any apparent motor signs. There are published reports that it may be associated with antibiotic use patients with renal failure. Method: This is a retrospective analysis of our 12 NCSE (2 men, 10 women, a mean age: 58.4 ± 17.5 range of 29-85 years) patients with renal failure who have used antibiotics. Results: Twelve patients were receiving a total of 19 antibiotics including mainly beta-lactams. The mean duration of time between start of antibiotic treatment and NCSE was 8.0 (3-21) days. In all of the patients, neurological symptoms were slowly progressive and consisted of depression of consciousness and/or disorientation. Diazepam administration resulted in marked reduction or completely disappears of epileptic activity. Four of 12 patients (33%) died, but none of were associated with NCSE but primarily associated with infection developed secondary to the preexisting disease and with congestive heart failure which patients already had. Conclusion: Antibiotics, especially beta-lactams could be neurotoxic and may cause of NCSE. NCSE should be considered in patients with unexplained loss of consciousness; EEG must be a part of investigations in patients with uraemia receiving antibiotics. © 2008 Japanese Society of Nephrology. ER  - 
Primary erythermalgia: Efficacy of oxcarbazepine; Background. - Essential erythermalgia is a rare acrosyndrome that is difficult to treat. Herein, we report a new case unusual in terms of both the associated partial epileptic seizures and of the favourable outcome achieved through antiepileptic treatment with oxcarbazepine. Patients and methods. - A male adolescent born of a non-consanguineous marriage had been followed since the age of 5 years for essential erythermalgia. A number of different treatments had been tried in succession but without success: beta blockers, acetylsalicylic acid, paracetamol and indomethacin. At the age of 15 years, the patient presented serious depression requiring antidepressant therapy with sertraline. Seven days after the start of this medication, the patient presented temporal partial epileptic seizures confirmed by electroencephalogram. The antidepressant was stopped and a new-generation antiepileptic, oxcarbazepine, was instituted. The epileptic seizures subsided and so too did the paroxysmal pain associated with erythermalgia, in addition to which the patient's skin lesions improved. This therapeutic efficacy has persisted for 21 months. Discussion. - The novelty of this case report concerns the association of essential erythermalgia and epilepsy and the favourable outcome achieved with antiepileptic therapy. It may well be that the patient's erythermalgia and epilepsy were both responsive to sodium channel therapy, as described with gene SCN9A disorders; however, this point could not be checked in the present case. In practice, we feel there are grounds for use of oxcarbazepine as an alternative treatment in the management of essential erythermalgia. © 2009 Published by Elsevier Masson SAS. ER  - 
Paraneoplastic Raynaud's phenomenon in a breast cancer survivor; Objective: Paraneoplastic Raynaud's phenomenon (RP) has been described in association with solid or hematologic malignancies including lymphoma, multiple myleoma, liver, melanoma, and genitourinary tumours. The only reported association of breast cancer and RP, however, has been in the context of systemic sclerosis or chemotherapy treatment. We describe the first case of paraneoplastic RP associated with recurrent breast cancer in the absence of an underlying rheumatic condition. Methods: A 35-year-old woman with a history of breast cancer, treated three years earlier with surgery, radiation, and chemotherapy presented with a rapid onset of asymmetric, severe RP. On physical examination, she had asymmetric digital ulcers and splinter hemorrhages. There were no signs of an underlying rheumatic condition; specifically, there were no scleroderma skin changes, telangectasias, calcinosis, or abnormal nail-fold capillaries. Results: Laboratory evaluation revealed anemia and slight depression in her serum complement C3 level. She had an antinuclear antibody at low titre (1:40); the remainder of her serologic evaluation, including extractable nuclear antigens, anti-double-stranded DNA antibody, antiphospholipid antibodies, rheumatoid factor, anti-neutrophil cytoplasmic antibodies, cryoglobulins, and cold agglutins, were negative. Within weeks of her presentation, she developed acute renal failure and bilateral lower extremity edema. A computed tomography scan of her abdomen and pelvis showed bulky lymphadenopathy and hydronephrosis; a pelvic lymph node biopsy revealed metastatic breast cancer. Conclusion: She was initially managed with passive rewarming strategies, topical antibiotics, vasodilator and anti-platelet therapy, but had a neglible response. However, once she was started on chemotherapy for her recurrent malignancy, there was a significant improvement in her Raynaud's symptoms, resolution of her digital ulcers, and normalization of her complement levels. She was given the diagnosis of paraneoplastic RP; the presumed mechanism of action being a small vessel vasculitis. ER  - 
Infliximab in Crohn's disease: Long-term durability experience; Introduction: Infliximab, a chimeric monoclonal antibody, has demonstrated its efficacy to induce and maintain remission in Crohn's disease (CD) (ACCENT I/II). Long-term durability data beyond 54 weeks is needed with the use of infliximab in clinical practice, to help refine therapy further and obtain optimal long-term response. Aims and Methods: We created a database of 106 CD patients treated with infliximab between October 1999 and October 2008 (9 years). Data collected included demographics, adverse events, time to loss of response, concomitant immunosuppressive therapy, smoking status, disease anatomy/type. Remission was defined by standard clinical parameters. Loss of response to infliximab was defined as the need for a reduction in the dose interval or increased dosage required to recapture a response. Kaplan-Meier survival analysis was used to compare time to loss of response of infliximab. Subgroups were compared using the log rank test. Statistical analysis was performed using XLStat with significance taken at p≤0.05. Results: A total of 106 patients (60 women and 46 men, median age 39 years (17-79)) was included. Disease anatomy: 40 (37.7%) patients ileum, 26 (24.5%) colonic, 33 (31.3%) ileocolonic and seven (6.6%) upper gastrointestinal tract. 51 (48.1%) patients had perianal involvement. Patients received induction infliximab at 0, 2 and 6 weeks. 20 (18.9%) patients stopped infliximab at induction due to side effects, lack of response or surgery. 14 patients (13.2%) were treated on an episodic basis, whereas the remainder received scheduled infliximab. The mean duration of infliximab was 19.7 months (2-93). 51 patients received 8-weekly doses, whereas 21 patients were maintained on 12-weekly doses. There was no difference in loss of response between 8 or 12-week maintenance (p=NS). 16% of initial responders to infliximab were in remission at 8 years follow-up. 18% of perianal patientswere in remission at 5 years versus 44%of patients without perianal disease (p=0.056). Non-smokers had a response of 58.7% at 5 years versus 31.6% of smokers. Ex-smokers performed poorly, with no responders beyond 5 years. This was significant (p=0.007). There were no significant differences in durability between disease distribution and age groups. 10 (9.4%) patients had an allergic reaction to infliximab. Four (3.7%) patients developed infections (pneumonia, Epstein-Barr virus, cellulitis and tuberculosis) that required infliximab cessation. Two patients developed dyspnoea, which led to infliximab withdrawal. Treatment was stopped due to the onset of depression in one patient. Two patients in the study have died of causes unrelated to infliximab treatment. Conclusion: These data confirm published short/medium-term durability data and suggest that only 16%of patients remain in remission at 8 years following infliximab. Patientswith perianal disease and smokers have worse long-term outcomes to infliximab maintenance treatment. Episodic treatment does not appear to be inferior to scheduled therapy. As the majority of patients were on concomitant immunomodulators, the effects of this on durability could not be assessed. ER  - 
A case of Sjogren's syndrome with renal tubular acidosis and central pontine myelinolysis; Background: Sjogren's syndrome (SS) is a chronic autoimmune disease characterized by lymphocytic infiltration classically presenting with keratoconjunctivitis sicca, xerostomia, parotid gland enlargement and arthralgia. However, virtually any organ can be affected. Renal involvement occurs in up to 60%, with distal renal tubular acidosis (dRTA) being the most common manifestation and CNS involvement in 25%. Methods: We describe an unusual case of a 64 year old woman presenting with a 3 month history of fatigue and nausea, with unexplained hypercalcaemia (3.27 mmol/L) and hypokalemia (2.1 mmol/L). Background history included osteoporosis, depression and long-term smoking. Intravenous potassium, fluid therapy and Pamidronate successfully corrected her electrolyte imbalances and resolved her symptoms. Extensive investigations failed to identify an underlying pathology, with an appropriately suppressed PTH, normal thyroid USS, negative autoimmune profile and myeloma screen. MRI spine showed compression fractures consistent with osteoporosis. Two months later she represented in the same way. Hypercalcaemia was successfully corrected but the hypokalemia was refractory. Despite IV replacement her potassium fell (2.01 mmol/L) and she developed an acute generalised paralysis. She was also acidotic (pH 7.21) with an inappropriately alkali urine, (pH 7.2) and a diagnosis of type 1 RTA (dRTA) was made. She was transferred to ITU for IV bicarbonate. Her symptoms fully resolved with successful correction of her electrolyte and acid-base balance. Throughout her serum sodium was normal. Renal ultrasound showed nephrocalcinosis. Two months later she developed a unilateral abducens nerve palsy progressing to affect both eyes, with xerostoma and xeropthalmia. Results: Repeat autoimmune profile showed strongly positive RF 1:1280, ANA 1:320 and positive Ro-SSA. La-SSB, Sm, RNP, Jo-1, and SCL-70 were all negative. MRI brain showed central pontine myelinolysis (CPM). A diagnosis of Sjogren's syndrome (SS) was made and both this and the dRTA successfully managed with Hydroxychloroquine and oral sodium bicarbonate. Her electrolytes have remained stable and she wears prism spectacles to correct her diplopia. Conclusions: We postulate a case of Sjogren's Syndrome as a cause of renal tubular acidosis leading to severe electrolyte disturbance, nephrocalcinosis, and central pontine myelinolysis. Whilst the CPM may be secondary to the rapid correction of potassium, it could also be a direct consequence of SS. Patients presenting with hypokalemic paralysis secondary to dRTA before a diagnosis of SS is unusual but cases have been reported. CPM is a rare manifestation of SS with only two reported cases. CPM has been attributed in a few reported cases to rapid potassium shifts. The CPM may explain the abducens nerve palsy, but this may be a neurological sequelae of SS. Proposed mechanisms by which SS causes a dRTA and CPM will be discussed. ER  - 
The FGF family: Biology, pathophysiology and therapy; The family of fibroblast growth factors (FGFs) regulates a plethora of developmental processes, including brain patterning, branching morphogenesis and limb development. Several mitogenic, cytoprotective and angiogenic therapeutic applications of FGFs are already being explored, and the recent discovery of the crucial roles of the endocrine-acting FGF19 subfamily in bile acid, glucose and phosphate homeostasis has sparked renewed interest in the pharmacological potential of this family. This Review discusses traditional applications of recombinant FGFs and small-molecule FGF receptor kinase inhibitors in the treatment of cancer and cardiovascular disease and their emerging potential in the treatment of metabolic syndrome and hypophosphataemic diseases. ER  - 
Role of docosahexaenoic acid in maternal and child mental health; Mental health problems in women and children represent a significant public health problem worldwide, especially in developing countries. The role of nutrition as a cost-effective approach in the prevention and management of these conditions has received recent attention, particularly nutrients such as iron, zinc, and n-3 (omega-3) fatty acids, which play a role in brain structure and function. The objective of this article was to review current evidence on the relation between n-3 fatty acids, especially docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), and maternal and child mental health disorders. Human studies published in English were identified from Medline databases (1966 to June 2008) by using key search terms and review articles. A summary of the role of DHA in the human brain is followed by a review of human studies, both observational and intervention trials, that examine the relation between n-3 fatty acids such as DHA and depression and child mental health disorders. Observational studies support a direct association between poor n-3 fatty acid status and increased risk of maternal depression and childhood behavioral disorders such as attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). However, evidence from intervention trials is weak. Most of the studies reviewed had small sample sizes and were conducted in clinically diagnosed samples, with no placebo-controlled groups. Little is known about the benefits of DHA in the prevention of maternal depression and ADHD. Large, well-designed, community-based prevention trials are needed. © 2009 American Society for Nutrition. ER  - 
Major depressive disorder and nutritional medicine: A review of monotherapies and adjuvant treatments; A literature review was conducted to examine the evidence for nutritional interventions in depression. It revealed a number of significant conclusions. Interestingly, more positive clinical trials were found to support adjuvant, rather than monotherapeutic, use of nutrients to treat depression. Much evidence exists in the area of adjuvant application of folic acid, S-adenosyl- methionine, omega-3, and L-tryptophan with antidepressants. Current evidence does not support omega-3 as an effective monotherapy to treat depression. However, this may be due, at least in part, to olive oil being used as the control intervention, some studies using docosahexaenoic acid alone or a higher docosahexaenoic acid to eicosapentaenoic acid ratio, and significant heterogeneity regarding depressive populations. Nevertheless, adjunctive prescription of omega-3 with antidepressants, or in people with dietary deficiency, may be beneficial. Inositol lacks evidence as an effective antidepressant and cannot be currently recommended. Evidence on the use of L-trytophan for depression is inconclusive, and additional studies utilizing a more robust methodology are required. © 2009 International Life Sciences Institute. ER  - 
A retrospective study of the demographics and clinical characteristics of patients with hidradenitis suppurativa in an urban academic center; Background: Hidradenitis suppurativa (HS) can be a chronic and disabling disease. Treatment response is variable, and there is no cure for patients with HS. Clinical characteristics of patients with HS in the United States have not been well described, and a better understanding of these patients may improve therapeutic options. Objective: To perform a study of clinical characteristics of patients treated for HS in an urban academic center. Methods: A retrospective chart review of patients with HS 18 years of age or older over the last 5 years was performed. Results: One hundred eighty charts were identified with 115 of 180 patients (64%) includedinthe study. Fifteen percent were male and 85% were female. More than half (50.4%) were white and 41.7% were African American, with the remainder being of unknown ethnicity. The mean age of patients was 33.36 years old. More than one quarter (26.1%) had mild, 49.6% had moderate, and 24.3% had severe disease. The majority had disease in the axillae and/or groin (54%) and the rest had disease in inframammary, thigh, and buttock areas. Almost half (45.1%) had a history of acne vulgaris and 4.4% had follicular occlusion triad. Eighty-eight percent received antibiotics, 90% were treated with topical washes, and 37% were treated with topical antibiotics. More than 28% (28.7% 0 had mild and 40.3% had significant improvement with therapy. Almost one-tenth (8.7%) of patients were prescribed isotretinoin, but compliance varied and only 1.7% noted improvement. Few were treated with anti-tumor necrosis factor agents. Thirty-one percent had surgical procedures for treatment of HS. Sixteen percent had culture data, and 89% of cultures of lesions were negative or contaminant. More than one quarter (26.8%) of patients were described as overweight or obese. Twenty-five percent had psychiatric disease with depression as the most common diagnosis. More than 8% (8.2%) of female patients had a history of hyperandrogenism with polycystic ovary syndrome and/or hirsutism. Limitations: The retrospective design of this study allows for incomplete data collection. Conclusions: African Americans were overre presented in our population. Therapy is empiric, consisting of chronic courses of rotating antibiotics and variable response. Many patients had diagnosed psychiatric disease which may complicate their treatment. Culture data are often negative, suggesting other inflammatory mechanisms besides bacterial superinfection. Women with HS may have a hyperandro-genic state and may benefit from antiandrogen therapy. Prospective studies are needed in patients with HS. ER  - 
Klinefelter syndrome and chronic leg ulcers; A 56-year-old white male presented to our clinic complaining of a nonhealing 4-cm ulcer on the left lower extremity for approximately 12 months' duration. Histopathology showed stasis angiomatosis and cultures positive for coagulase-negative Staphylococcus aureus and Enterobacter cloacae. Previous treatments included wet to dry dressings, oral antibiotics (doxycycline and trimethaprim/sulfa-methoxazole), aspirin, pentoxifylline, and hyperbaric oxygen. Despite treatment, the patient's leg ulcer showed little, if any improvement. The patient's medical history included hyperlipidemia, depression, and osteoarthri-tis treated with naproxen. The patient is not married and works on a strawberry farm. He denies smoking or familial coagulative disorders and he reports no sexual dysfunction. Further physical examination reveals a eunuchoid body habitus, scant facial and body hair, scattered varicosities of the lower extremities, and small, firm testicles. Pertinent laboratory examination revealed low testosterone 160 ng/dL (normal, 241-827), an elevated follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) 63.1 mIU/ml (normal, 1.1-18.1) ,and luteinizing hormone (LH) 26 mIU/ml (normal, 1.5-9.3). The diagnosis of Klinefelter syndrome was suspected and the patient was sent for chromosome analysis and found to have karyotype of 47, XXY. With Klinefelter syndrome confirmed, treatment was initiated with testosterone 125 mg via subcutaneous injection every third week. ER  - 
Rarely seen cardiotoxicity of lithium overdose: Complete heart block; Introduction: Serious cardiac toxicity due to lithium toxicity is uncommon and generally only occurs in individuals with underlying heart disease. Cardiac impairment may result in dysrhythmias, including sinus bradycardia, sinoatrial block, and first-degree atrioventricular block. This paper describes a patient with complete AV block in the course of chronic lithium treatment. Case report: Fifty-seven year-old female was brought into the emergency department (ED) due to altered mental status and malaise by ambulance from hospice. She had hypertension, type-II diabetes mellitus, and depression. The caregivers told that she had been fine yesterday, had taken regular medications (lysinopril, furosemid, acetyl salicylic acid, oral antidiabetic tablets and lithium (300 mg tb/day)). Her vital signs were; blood pressure: 70/45 mmHg, pulse: 37 bpm, respiratory rate: 22 bpm, and oxygen saturation 86%. She was confused and unresponsive to verbal stimulation. Her EKG revealed total atrioventricular block. Initial biochemical results were unremarkable except for a lithium level of 2.2 mmol/l (therapeutic range 0.5-0.8 mmol/l) and an increased creatinine of 2.11 mg/dl. A transvenous pacing electrode was introduced into the right ventricle, which allowed rapid restoration of haemodynamic and neurological status. Her neurologic examination was completely normal in the follow-up period and she was discharged without sequelae. Conclusion: In conclusion, emergency physicians should bear in mind that complete AV block can ensue in the course of lithium toxicity and it is an entity that should be included in the differential diagnosis. © 2007 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Correlation of mycophenolic acid pharmacokinetic parameters with clinical events in kidney transplant patients treated with mycophenolate mofetil; Objective: To investigate the correlation of pharmacokinetic profiles of mycophenolic acid (MPA) with clinic events in kidney transplant patients treated with mycophenolate mofetil (MMF). Methods: Sixty-four kidney transplant patients were treated with the triple immune suppression protocol with cyclosporine, MMF, and prednisone. Before the administration of drugs, and 0.5, 1, 1.5, 2, 2.5, 4, 6, 8, 10, and 12 hours after the drug administration peripheral blood samples were collected to detect the plasma MPA concentrations (MPA-C0) and draw the concentration-time curve. And 4, 7, 21, and 28 days, and 1.5, 2, 3, and 6 months later peripheral blood samples were collected in the morning before drug administration so as to dynamically measure the plasma MPA concentrations. Clinical events were observed. Results: No side effect or acute rejection episode occurred with the median MPA-C0 value of 0.74 mg/L. Side effects occurred with the median MPA-C0 value of 1.32 mg/L. Sixteen case-times demonstrated acute rejection episode with the median MPA-C0 value of 0.39 mg/L. The incidence rates of different side effects, such as infection, bone marrow depression, and digestive tract symptoms were significantly related to MPA-C0 dose-dependently. Conclusion: MPA-C0 may be an appropriate pharmacokinetic monitoring parameter for kidney transplant. ER  - 
Irritable bowel syndrome: dietary and pharmacological therapeutic options; In irritable bowel syndrome, the main objectives of the treatment are the relief of abdominal pain then the improvement of bowel disturbances. Spasmolytic agents, or clays remain routinely the first line pharmacological options. The efficacy of dietary recommandations is not validated in most of the cases while dietary fibers, mainly insoluble fibers, may even worsen abdominal discomfort. In C-IBS, osmotic laxatives or macrogol are effective to improve colonic transit while loperamide and also colestyramine can be prescribed to reduce the number of stools of D-IBS patients. When the first line treatment fails to improve symptoms, antidepressants (tricyclic rather than SSRs) can be prescribed at lower doses than that recommended for depression. In meta-analysis, the odds ratio for pain relief varies from 2 to 4 and strongly depends on the patient's compliance to the treatment. Probiotics, pregabalin and even antibiotics (i.e neomycin, metronidazole or rifaximin), are possible new therapeutic options. Few clinical trials suggest that ramosetron (a new 5HT3 antagonist), octreotide, melatonin, or lidocain could be also discussed in the future. A non pharmacological therapeutic approach has to be considered, particularly in patients with severe symptoms, in combination with pharmacological treatment. © 2009 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Polyunsaturated fatty acids and rheumatoid arthritis; The n-3 polyunsaturated fatty (PUFA) acids and among them the n-3 PUFAs from fish oil - eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid - own potent immunomodulatory potential. This can be beneficially utilized in cardiovascular disease or depression as well as in rheumatoid arthritis. A commonly accepted opinion about the minimum dosage to gain a therapeutic effect has not been formed yet. In order to achieve an amelioration of symptoms in RA the concluding recommendation is to consume dietary supplements containing three to six gram n-3 fatty acids daily for > 12 weeks. Following these suggestions patients taking dietary supplements of fish oil show improvements in clinical parameters including the number of tender joints, the duration of morning stiffness as well as the patient's evaluation of global arthritis activity. Finally, the intake of n-3 PUFAs can only be recommended as an add-on therapy and must not replace the standard therapeutic regimes. A large research agenda remains to be worked on in order to be able to determine the role of therapeutic effects of n-3 PUFAs in RA. Copyright © 2009 by New Century Health Publishers, LLC. ER  - 
Mechanisms of cytokine-induced behavioral changes: Psychoneuroimmunology at the translational interface; Work in our laboratory has focused on the mechanisms by which cytokines can influence the brain and behavior in humans and non-human primates. Using administration of interferon (IFN)-alpha as a tool to unravel these mechanisms, we have expanded upon findings from the basic science literature implicating cytokine-induced changes in monoamine metabolism as a primary pathway to depression. More specifically, a role for serotonin metabolism has been supported by the clinical efficacy of serotonin reuptake inhibitors in blocking the development of IFN-alpha-induced depression, and the capacity of IFN-alpha to activate metabolic enzymes (indolamine 2,3 dioxygenase) and cytokine signaling pathways (p38 mitogen activated protein kinase) that can influence the synthesis and reuptake of serotonin. Our data also support a role for dopamine depletion as reflected by IFN-alpha-induced changes in behavior (psychomotor slowing and fatigue) and regional brain activity, which implicate the involvement of the basal ganglia, as well as the association of IFN-alpha-induced depressive-like behavior in rhesus monkeys with decreased cerebrospinal fluid concentrations of the dopamine metabolite, homovanillic acid. Neuroimaging data in IFN-alpha-treated patients also suggest that activation of neural circuits (dorsal anterior cingulate cortex) associated with anxiety and alarm may contribute to cytokine-induced behavioral changes. Taken together, these effects of cytokines on the brain and behavior appear to subserve competing evolutionary survival priorities that promote reduced activity to allow healing, and hypervigilance to protect against future attack. Depending on the relative balance between these behavioral accoutrements of an activated innate immune response, clinical presentations may be distinct and warrant individualized therapeutic approaches. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Perception of improved state of health and subjective quality of life in Crohn's disease patients treated with Infliximab; Background and aims and method: Although Infliximab is a very potent therapy of refractory Crohn's disease, its administration requires iterative infusions in hospital and there are concerns regarding its long-term safety. The aim of this study was to assess in a sample of 51 patients suffering from CD the impact of type of treatment (intravenous Infliximab versus conventional therapy without Infliximab) on the evaluation of the state of health (CGI) and the quality of life (MOS-SF36). Secondary variables were also assessed: the impact of depression (MADRS), the impact of activity of the disease (Harvey-Bradshaw Index). Results: Overall, the assessments made using the CGI and the SF-36 revealed that the two types of treatment did not differ on the assessment of state of health and quality of life. A downward influence of depression and activity of the disease was observed. Conclusion: Patients considered more efficacy of Infliximab than its potential side effects. It seems important to assess and to consider depression in order to improve medical care setting of Crohn's disease. © 2009 European Crohn's and Colitis Organisation. ER  - 
Total red blood cell concentrations of ω-3 fatty acids are associated with emotion-elicited neural activity in adolescent boys with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder; Affective impairment is observed in children and adolescents with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Low levels of long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC-PUFA), specifically omega-3 (ω-3) fatty acids in blood measures have been linked to a range of behavioural and mood disorders including ADHD. However, nothing is known about the relationship between ω-3 and brain function in children with ADHD. In the current study, 20 adolescent boys with ADHD were assessed for total lipid fractions in red blood cells and their event-related potential (ERP) response to the presentation of facial expressions of happiness, sadness and fearfulness. The results supported the hypothesis of a positive association between eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and a cognitive bias in orientation to overt expressions of happiness over both sad and fearful faces as indexed by midline frontal P300 amplitude. Additional exploratory analyses revealed a positive association between levels of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and the right temporal N170 amplitude in response to covert expressions of fear. The arachidonic (AA)/DHA ratio was negatively associated with the right temporal N170 amplitude also to covert expressions of fear. These findings indicate that EPA and DHA may be involved in distinct aspects of affect processing in ADHD and have implications for understanding currently inconsistent findings in the literature on EFA supplementation in ADHD and depression. © 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Infliximab in Crohn's disease: Long-term durability experience; Introduction: Infliximab, a chimeric monoclonal antibody, has demonstrated its efficacy to induce and maintain remission in Crohn's disease (CD) (ACCENT I/II). Long-term durability data beyond 54 weeks is needed with the use of infliximab in clinical practice, to help refine therapy further and obtain optimal long-term response. Aims and Methods: We created a database of 106 CD patients treated with infliximab between October 1999 and October 2008 (9 years). Data collected included demographics, adverse events, time to loss of response, concomitant immunosuppressive therapy, smoking status, disease anatomy/type. Remission was defined by standard clinical parameters. Loss of response to infliximab was defined as the need for a reduction in the dose interval or increased dosage required to recapture a response. Kaplan-Meier survival analysis was used to compare time to loss of response of infliximab. Subgroups were compared using the log rank test. Statistical analysis was performed using XLStat with significance taken at p≤0.05. Results: A total of 106 patients (60 women and 46 men, median age 39 years (17-79)) was included. Disease anatomy: 40 (37.7%) patients ileum, 26 (24.5%) colonic, 33 (31.3%) ileocolonic and seven (6.6%) upper gastrointestinal tract. 51 (48.1%) patients had perianal involvement. Patients received induction infliximab at 0, 2 and 6 weeks. 20 (18.9%) patients stopped infliximab at induction due to side effects, lack of response or surgery. 14 patients (13.2%) were treated on an episodic basis, whereas the remainder received scheduled infliximab. The mean duration of infliximab was 19.7 months (2-93). 51 patients received 8-weekly doses, whereas 21 patients were maintained on 12-weekly doses. There was no difference in loss of response between 8 or 12-week maintenance (p=NS). 16% of initial responders to infliximab were in remission at 8 years follow-up. 18% of perianal patientswere in remission at 5 years versus 44%of patients without perianal disease (p=0.056). Non-smokers had a response of 58.7% at 5 years versus 31.6% of smokers. Ex-smokers performed poorly, with no responders beyond 5 years. This was significant (p=0.007). There were no significant differences in durability between disease distribution and age groups. 10 (9.4%) patients had an allergic reaction to infliximab. Four (3.7%) patients developed infections (pneumonia, Epstein-Barr virus, cellulitis and tuberculosis) that required infliximab cessation. Two patients developed dyspnoea, which led to infliximab withdrawal. Treatment was stopped due to the onset of depression in one patient. Two patients in the study have died of causes unrelated to infliximab treatment. Conclusion: These data confirm published short/medium-term durability data and suggest that only 16%of patients remain in remission at 8 years following infliximab. Patientswith perianal disease and smokers have worse long-term outcomes to infliximab maintenance treatment. Episodic treatment does not appear to be inferior to scheduled therapy. As the majority of patients were on concomitant immunomodulators, the effects of this on durability could not be assessed. ER  - 
Negligible long-chain omega-3 intake among vegetarians is not associated with negative emotion; Considering the low eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) status widely reported for vegetarians, and the evidence that EPA+DHA promotes mental health, we examined the relationship between dietary EPA+DHA and depression in healthy vegetarian (VEG) and omnivore (OMN) adults from Seventh-Day Adventist populations in the Southwest. Participants (60 VEG; 78 OMN) completed a survey including a food frequency questionnaire and Depression Anxiety Stress (DASS) and Profile of Mood States (POMS) scales. VEG consumed less EPA+DHA and arachidonic acid (AA), but significantly more a-linoleic acid and linoleic acid, compared to OMN. VEG reported significantly less negative emotion than OMN as assessed by DASS scores (8.3±0.9 and 17.5±1.9, p=.003, adjusted for the confounding variable, physical activity). VEG tended to report less mood disturbance than OMN as assessed by POMS scores (0.1±2.0 and 15.3±3.1, p=.083, adjusted for age and physical activity); however, VEG females reported significantly less mood disturbance than OMN females (1.6±2.9 vs 22.2±4.6, p=.006). Moreover, dietary AA, but not EPA+DHA, was significantly related to mood disturbance among omnivores (r=.256, p=.024). We conclude that VEG reported less negative emotion than OMN due perhaps to lower intakes of AA which may alter brain eicosanoid profile and inflammatory potential. ER  - 
Increased phospholipase A2 activity and inflammatory response but decreased nerve growth factor expression in the olfactory bulbectomized rat model of depression: Effects of chronic ethyl-eicosapentaenoate treatment; An increased inflammatory response and deficient synthesis of neurotrophic factors (NTFs) may contribute to the etiology of depression. However, the interrelationship between inflammation and NTFs is unknown. Recently, ethyl-eicosapentaenoate (EPA) has been used to treat depression. The mechanism by which EPA benefits depression is also unclear. Using the olfactory bulbectomized (OB) rat model of depression, this study evaluated two pathways from bulbectomy to the induction of depression-like changes (the inflammation- hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis-stress response pathway and inflammation-nerve growth factor-memory pathway) and the effect of EPA on these pathways. When compared with sham-operated rats fed a control diet, significantly increased locomotor and rearing activities in an "open field," impaired memory in the Morris water maze, increased expression of corticotrophin-releasing factor (CRF), and increased secretion of corticosterone were found in OB rats. mRNA expression of nerve growth factor (NGF) was significantly lower in the hippocampus, and phospholipase A2 (PLA2) was higher in the hypothalamus; this change was associated with increased interleukin-1β (IL-1β) and prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) in the serum and brain. EPA treatments normalized these behavioral impairments and reduced CRF expression and corticosterone secretion. EPA also reduced serum concentrations of IL-1β and PGE2, but reversed NGF reduction. Similar to the effects of EPA, the anti-inflammatory drug celecoxib significantly reduced blood PGE2, IL-1β, and corticosterone concentrations and increased NGF expression in OB rats. Furthermore, anti-NGF treatment blocked EPA effects on behavior. These results suggest that an interaction exists between inflammation and NGF in the depression model. EPA may improve depression via its anti-inflammation properties and the upregulation of NGF. Copyright © 2009 Society for Neuroscience. ER  - 
Effect of aging on glucuronidation of valproic acid in human liver microsomes and the role of UDP-glucuronosyltransferase UGT1A4, UGT1A8, and UGT1A10; Valproic acid (VPA) is a widely used anticonvulsant that is also approved for mood disorders, bipolar depression, and migraine. In vivo, valproate is metabolized oxidatively by cytochromes P450 and β-oxidation, as well as conjugatively via glucuronidation. The acyl glucuronide conjugate (valproate-glucuronide or VPAG) is the major urinary metabolite (30-50% of the dose). It has been hypothesized that glucuronidation of antiepileptic drugs is spared over age, despite a known decrease in liver mass. The formation rates of VPAG in a bank of elderly (65 years onward) human liver microsomes (HLMs) were measured by liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry and compared with those in a younger (2-56 years) HLM bank. In vitro kinetic studies with recombinant UDP-glucuronosyltransferases (UGTs) were completed. A 5- to 8-fold variation for the formation of VPAG was observed within the mi-crosomal bank obtained from elderly and younger donors. VPAG formation ranged from 6.0 to 53.4 nmol/min/mg protein at 1 mM substrate concentration (n = 36). The average velocities at 0.25, 0.5, and 1 mM VPA were 7.0, 13.4, and 25.4 nmol/min/mg protein, respectively, in the elderly HLM bank. Rates of VPAG formation were not significantly different in the HLM bank obtained from younger subjects. Intrinsic clearances (VmaxKm) for several cloned, expressed UGTs were determined. UGT1A4, UGT1A8, and UGT1A10 also were found to catalyze the formation of VPAG in vitro. This is the first reported activity of these UGTs toward VPA glucuronidation. UGT2B7 had the highest intrinsic clearance, whereas UGT1A1 demonstrated no activity. In conclusion, our investigation revealed no differences in VPAG formation in younger versus elderly HMLs and revealed three other UGTs that form VPAG in vitro. Copyright © 2009 by The American Society for Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics. ER  - 
Postinfectious Irritable Bowel Syndrome; Approximately 1 in ten patients with irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) believe their IBS began with an infectious illness. Prospective studies have shown that 3% to 36% of enteric infections lead to persistent new IBS symptoms; the precise incidence depends on the infecting organism. Whereas viral gastroenteritis seems to have only short-term effects, bacterial enteritis and protozoan and helminth infections are followed by prolonged postinfective IBS (PI-IBS). Risk factors for developing PI-IBS include, in order of importance, prolonged duration of initial illness, toxicity of infecting bacterial strain, smoking, mucosal markers of inflammation, female gender, depression, hypochondriasis, and adverse life events in the preceding 3 months. Age older than 60 years might protect against PI-IBS, whereas treatment with antibiotics has been associated with increased risk. The mechanisms that cause PI-IBS are unknown but could include residual inflammation or persistent changes in mucosal immunocytes, enterochromaffin and mast cells, enteric nerves, and the gastrointestinal microbiota. Adverse psychological factors contribute to persistent low-grade inflammation. The prognosis for patients with PI-IBS is somewhat better than for those with unselected IBS, but PI-IBS can still take years to resolve. There are no specific treatments for PI-IBS; these should be tailored to the predominant bowel disturbance, which is most frequently diarrhea. © 2009 AGA Institute. ER  - 
Role of Ocimum sanctum in the experimental model of Alzheimer′s disease in rats; Alzheimer′s disease (AD), a neurodegenerative disorder incapacitating elderly people towards the end of their life, accounts for approximately 70% of dementia. It affects 17-25 million elderly people worldwide. In spite of the remarkable increase in scientific knowledge about the pathobiology of AD, attempts other than modifying the cholinergic neurotransmission have proved futile. In Ayurveda a number of agents are in use, since ancient times, for chronic debilitating disorders. One such preparation, Ocimum sanctum (OS) has been found to possess anti-ulcerogenic, anti-inflammatory and neuroprotective activities. Because of the nonavailability of proper curative therapy for AD, the present study has been undertaken to evaluate the possible role of OS in experimental AD in rats. Experimental AD in rats was produced by a nucleus basalis magnacellularis lesion with ibotenic acid (IB) and intracerebroventricular (i.c.v) administration of colchicine (Col). Various behavioural tests and biochemical analysis were performed to explore the possible role of OS in AD. OS exhibited anxiolytic activity in an open field test. In an elevated plus maze test, OS significantly alleviated IB, and Col induced anxiety and depression in the Porsolt′s swim test. In Morris′ water maze test, OS pretreatments improved reference memory, working memory and spatial learning. Both IB and Col induced deficits in active avoidance learning and retention of learned behaviour, which were significantly reversed by OS. IB and Col induced increased lipid peroxidase activity, which was significantly reversed by OS (as seen from the reductions in the malondialdehyde level) and stabilized the rise in superoxide dismutase activity, but it had no effect on the acetylcholinesterase activity. OS might be effective in clinical AD by virtue of its cognition enhancement, antidepressant and antianxiety properties, which are the primary needs to be addressed in AD. ER  - 
The efficacy of nutrition and lifestyle approaches in the treatment of depression; Depression is prevalent but perhaps underrecognized and undertreated, especially in older adults. Various nutrition-related diseases such as obesity, cancer, and diabetes exacerbate the odds of developing depression. Individuals use dietary supplements with the belief that these substances will reduce depression symptoms. Research has shown that folic acid reduces symptoms of depression in some individuals, but, if taken in excess, it could mask vitamin B12 deficiency. This article provides some review of the clinical evidence regarding the use of selected dietary supplements available for sale in the United States. Copyright © 2009 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Chronic interpersonal stress predicts activation of pro- and anti-inflammatory signaling pathways 6 months later; OBJECTIVE:: To understand the mechanisms underlying chronic interpersonal difficulties and their detrimental influence on mental and physical health. METHODS:: A total of 103 healthy young women (mean age = 17 years) were administered a structured interview to assess the degree of chronic interpersonal stress in their lives. At the same time, blood was drawn to measure systemic inflammation, the expression of signaling molecules that regulate immune activation, and leukocyte production of the cytokine interleukin-6 after ex vivo stimulation with lipopolysaccharide. All of the immunologic assessments were repeated 6 months later. RESULTS:: To the extent subjects were high in chronic interpersonal stress at baseline, their leukocytes displayed greater increases in messenger ribonucleic acid (mRNA) for the proinflammatory transcription factor nuclear factor-κB (NF-κB) over the next 6 months. They also showed larger increases in mRNA for inhibitor of κB, a molecule that sequesters NF-κB in the cytoplasm and minimizes its proinflammatory activities. Chronic interpersonal stress at baseline was unrelated to changes in biomarkers of systemic inflammation but was associated with increasingly pronounced interleukin-6 responses to lipopolysaccharide. These associations were independent of demographics, lifestyle variables, and depressive symptoms. CONCLUSIONS:: These findings suggest that chronic interpersonal difficulties accentuate expression of pro- and anti-inflammatory signaling molecules. Although this process does not result in systemic inflammation under quiescent conditions, it does accentuate leukocytes' inflammatory response to microbial challenge. These dynamics may underlie the excess morbidity associated with social stress, particularly in inflammation-sensitive diseases like depression and atherosclerosis. Copyright © 2009 by the American Psychosomatic Society. ER  - 
Nutrition, mood and behaviour: A review; Objective: To conduct a critical review of recent empirical research regarding mood, behaviour and nutrition factors including essential fatty acids, macronutrients, micronutrients and food additives. Method: A literature search of databases Medline, PsycInfo, CINAHL and Embase up to October 2008. The search emphasised empirical research published in the last 10 years and also included older literature. Studies in both adults and children were addressed. Results: Research into omega-3 fatty acids has been substantial but evidence for their potential in treating mood and behaviour is modest. In comparison, there has been much less research into carbohydrate and protein intakes and little evidence for their ability to influence mood and behaviour. Recent trials with food additives suggest their removal from the diet may benefit susceptible children with hyperactivity disorders. Micronutrient supplementation appears to improve mood only in those who were initially deficient in micronutrients. Conclusions: More stringent research designs such as longitudinal studies and the use of biologically inert placebos within randomised controlled trials are needed before supplemental use of omega-3 fatty acids to treat disorders of mood and behaviour can be recommended. Caution is advised regarding the indiscriminate use of diets free of artificial food additives in managing hyperactivity disorders, as they may place an undue burden on individuals and their families. Should omega-3 fatty acid supplementation or the elimination of certain food additives be established as effective, they may provide cost-effective, accessible and well-tolerated adjuncts to standard psychiatric treatments for mood and behavioural disturbances. © 2009 John Wiley & Sons A/S. ER  - 
Omega-3 augmentation of sertraline in treatment of depression in patients with coronary heart disease: A randomized controlled trial; Context: Studies of depressed psychiatric patients have shown that antidepressant efficacy can be increased by augmentation with omega-3 fatty acids. Objective: To determine whether omega-3 improves the response to sertraline in patients with major depression and coronary heart disease (CHD). Design, Setting, and Participants: Randomized controlled trial. Between May 2005 and December 2008, 122 patients in St Louis, Missouri, with major depression and CHD were randomized. Interventions: After a 2-week run-in period, all patients were given 50 mg/d of sertraline and randomized in double-blind fashion to receive 2 g/d of omega-3 acid ethyl esters (930 mg of eicosapentaenoic acid [EPA] and 750 mg of docosahexaenoic acid [DHA]) (n=62) or to corn oil placebo capsules (n=60) for 10 weeks. Main Outcome Measures: Scores on the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI-II) and the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAM-D). Results: Adherence to the medication regimen was 97% or more in both groups for both medications. There were no differences in weekly BDI-II scores (treatment x time interaction=0.02; 95% confidence interval [CI], -0.33 to 0.36; t112=0.11; P=.91), prepost BDI-II scores (placebo, 14.8 vs omega-3, 16.1; 95% difference-in-means CI, -4.5 to 2.0; t116=-0.77; P=.44), or HAM-D scores (placebo, 9.4 vs omega-3, 9.3; 95% difference-in-means CI, -2.2 to 2.4; t115=0.12; P=.90). The groups did not differ on predefined indicators of depression remission (BDI-II ≤8: placebo, 27.4% vs omega-3, 28.3%; odds ratio [OR], 0.96; 95% CI, 0.43-2.15; t113=-0.11; P=.91) or response (>50% reduction in BDI-II from baseline: placebo, 49.0% vs omega-3, 47.7%; OR, 1.06; 95% CI, 0.51-2.19; t112=0.15; P=.88). Conclusions: Treatment of patients with CHD and major depression with sertraline and omega-3 fatty acids did not result in superior depression outcomes at 10 weeks, compared with sertraline and placebo. Whether higher doses of omega-3 or sertraline, a different ratio of EPA to DHA, longer treatment, or omega-3 monotherapy can improve depression in patients with CHD remains to be determined. Trial Registration: clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT00116857. ©2009 American Medical Association. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Idiopathic intracranial hypertension, pseudotumor cerebri, and aseptic meningitis may be caused by reactivation of latent cerebral toxoplasmosis; Idiopathic intracranial hypertension (IIH), pseudotumur cerebri (PTC) and aseptic meningitis (AM) are usually self-limited clinical states that occur predominantly in obese women of reproductive age, and manifest by headache, papilledema, and a raised cerebrospinal fluid pressure. Development of these entities has usually been associated with administration of some medications, biologic substances, during course of certain diseases and clinical states, but their pathomechanisms were unknown. We found that severe recurrent headaches in some non-HIV-infected subjects were due to the reactivation of acquired cerebral toxoplasmosis (CT). Because headache is one of the most frequent symptoms of IIH, PTC or AM, we believe that many of these subjects may suffer from reactivation of latent acquired/inborn CT. The aim of this work was to review causes, clinical symptoms, differential diagnosis, triggering factors, treatment and pathomechanisms responsible for IIH. Special attention was paid to immune and general laboratory abnormalities associated with administration of several medications, biologic substances, various diseases and clinical states that finally resulted in development of these clinical entities. Literature data cited in this work were selected to illustrate that laboratory disturbances associated with these triggering factors could markedly affect latent central nervous system (CNS) T. gondii infection/ inflammation intensity, and finally cause IIH, PTC, and/or AM. Examples of such triggering factors together with their respective immune and other laboratory data abnormalities are: nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs (increased NO production, iNOS transcription, reactive oxygen species (ROS), TNF-α, IFN-γ, IL-1, IL-2 IL-6; decreased tryptophan biodegradation, induction of indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase (IDO) by IFN-g in monocytes, prostaglandin biosynthesis), retinoids (decreased NO synthesis, iNOS-2 mRNA and protein levels, TNF-a in activated microglia; increased IFN-γ, IL-2, transforming growth factor-β1 (TGF-β1), IL-12), nitrofurantoin (hyperproduction of ROS), obesity (increased IL-1β, TNF-α, IL-6, growth hormone binding protein, leptin, CRP; decreased NO, IL-2, GH, insulin-like growth factor-I), All these imbalances in proinflammatory and antiinflammatory processes may markedly impair host defense mechanisms important for immune control of the parasite, such as the production of NO, cytokines, and ROS, tryptophan degradation by IDO and/or tryptophan 2,3-dioxygenase, limitation of the availability of intracellular iron to T. gondii, and the mechanisms mediated by an IFN-γ responsive gene family, and finally development of IIH, PTC, and/or AM. Recent reports that reactivation of chronic toxoplasmosis after treatment of mice with dexamethasone was associated with depression of type TH1 immune response, as well as the development of CT after administration of etanercept (it inhibits TNF-α function), are consistent with the above-presented reasoning. Thus, subjects with IIH, PTC, and/or AM, should have test(s) for T. gondii infection performed. © 2009 by Polskie Towarzystwo Pediatryczne. ER  - 
Genetic risk factors and markers for Alzheimer's disease and/or depression in the VITA study; Objectives: In ageing population, both Alzheimer's disease (AD) and depression are common. Significant depressive symptoms are often co-morbid with cognitive impairment and dementia. In this study, we attempted to find various factors and markers for both AD and depression in a longitudinal cohort, the Vienna-Transdanube-Aging (VITA)-study. Methods: The VITA-Study consisted of 305 healthy subjects, 174 subjects with depression only, 55 subjects diagnosed with AD only and 72 subjects with depression as well as AD. Associations between AD and/or depression to gene polymorphisms APO E (ε4), choline acetyltransferase (ChAT) 4G to A, serotonin-transporter gene promoter-length, dopamine-D4-receptor, ciliary-neurotrophic-factor-null mutation and brain-derived neurotrophic factor (C270T) and to various known factors were analyzed. Results: AD and depression were significant associated. Significant risk factors found for AD were low education, low folic acid and depressive-symptoms, while for depression were low education and higher nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAID) consume. Moreover, the ChAT polymorphism associated significant to depression. Gender, education, and ChAT significantly associated with the combination AD and/or depression. Conclusion: Such studies must be conducted cautiously, as co-morbidities and gene-environmental-social influences may sway the results dramatically. We found in the VITA-study significant association between depression and AD and between ChAT polymorphism and depression. © 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Investigating the inflammatory phenotype of major depression: Focus on cytokines and polyunsaturated fatty acids; There is evidence that increased inflammatory activity contributes to treatment non-response in depression and studies suggest that ω-3 fatty acid supplementation is effective in antidepressant non-responders. We tested the hypotheses that in major depression (1) the plasma ω-6:ω-3 fatty acid ratio is greater in antidepressant non-responders than responders and (2) higher ω-6:ω-3 ratios are associated with a pro-inflammatory cytokine profile. Twenty DSM-IV major depressives who had failed a six week course of an SSRI, 14 subjects who responded to a six week course of an SSRI and were currently euthymic and 24 healthy comparison subjects took part in the study. Six millilitres of whole blood was collected in ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid (EDTA) tubes for determination of fatty acids together with IL-6 and TNF-α. Arachidonic acid (AA) levels were elevated in both the responders and the non-responders. IL-6 was elevated in a similar manner but differences in TNF-α did not reach statistical significance. The eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA):AA ratio in the three groups was as follows: controls 0.08 ± 0.01; responders 0.08 ± 0.01; non-responders 0.04 ± 0.01. These differences are significant (p < 0.001). AA and IL-6 were highly correlated in both responders and non-responders but not in healthy volunteers. The findings of this study provide further support for the view that major depression is associated with a pro-inflammatory phenotype which at least partially persists when patients become normothymic. © 2008. ER  - 
Plasma polyunsaturated fatty acids and regional cerebral glucose metabolism in major depression; Deficiencies in polyunsaturated essential fatty acids (PUFA) are implicated in mood disorders, although mechanisms of action and regional specificity in the brain are unknown. We hypothesized that plasma phospholipid PUFA levels are correlated with regionally specific relative cerebral metabolic rates of glucose (rCMRglu). Medication-free depressed subjects (N=29) were studied using [18F]-fluoro-2-deoxyglucose positron emission tomography. Docosahexaenoic acid (22:6n-3), arachidonic acid (20:4n-6), and eicosapentaenoic acid (20:5n-3) were assessed as a percentage of total phospholipid PUFA (DHA%, AA%, and EPA%, respectively). DHA% and AA% correlated positively with rCMRglu in temporoparietal cortex. In addition, DHA% correlated negatively with rCMRglu in prefrontal cortex and anterior cingulate. No correlations were seen with EPA%. Thus, under conditions of low plasma DHA, rCMRglu was higher in temporoparietal cortex and lower in anterior cingulate/prefrontal cortex. Opposing effects of DHA on these regions is a hypothesis that could be addressed in future prospective studies with n-3 supplementation. This pilot study is the first to demonstrate fatty acid and regionally specific correlations in the brain between plasma PUFA and rCMRglu in humans. © 2008 Elsevier Ltd. ER  - 
Highly efficient synthesis of [11C]Celecoxib by palladium(0)-mediated rapid C-[11C] methylation using an organoboron precursor and PET imaging of COX-2 expression in rat brains; Objectives: Cyclooxygenase (COX)-2, a rate-limiting enzyme of the arachidonic acid cascade, is up-regulated in response to inflammatory stimuli, cytokines, and mitogens, and regulates a variety of patho-physiological processes, such as cancer, arthritis, ischemic heart disease, stroke, organ rejection, Alzheimer's disease and Parkinson's disease. For in vivo imaging of COX-2 using non-invasive positron emission tomography (PET) technique, we designed and synthesized Carbon-11 labeled Celecoxib, a selective COX-2 inhibitor, as a PET tracer. Small animal PET imaging was performed in rat model of neurogenic inflammation to confirm the evaluation of COX-2 expression. Methods: [11C]Celecoxib was synthesized by cross-coupling between [11C]methyl iodide and a corresponding pinacol borate precursor under the standard radiolabeling conditions of Pd2(dba)3/P(o-tolyl)3/K2CO3 (1:4:4) in DMF at 65 ° for 4 min, using a Sumitomo CYPRIS HM-12S cyclotron and an automated synthesis system in RIKEN CMIS. The specificity and Blood-Brain Barrier permeability of the tracer was confirmed in the rats generated unilateral cortical spreading depression (SD) characterized by the propagation of neuronal/glial membrane depolarization followed by intense expression of COX-2 in the cerebral hemisphere. For the displacement study, NS-398, a highly selective COX-2 inhibitor, was used. Results: The chemical synthesis was realized by application of the Pd(0)-mediated rapid C-[11C]methylation using an organoboron precursor, with the aim of establishing the one-step 11C-labeling without deprotection reaction. Chemical results of [11C]Celecoxib synthesis are shown as follows: decay-corrected radiochemical yield after HPLC preparative isolation based on [11C] CH3I, up to 97%; decay-corrected radiochemical yield after prescription procedure based on [11C]CH3I, 59%; obtained radioactivity for administration, 5.9-6.2 GBq; specific radioactivity, 87±2 GBq/μmol (n = 3); radiochemical purity, <99%; and total synthesis time, 35 min. The [11C]Celecoxib-PET studies revealed that radioactivity of [11C]Celecoxib was dominantly increased in the cerebral hemisphere in which the intense expression of COX-2 was induced by unilateral cortical SD, and clearly was displaced by excess unlabeled NS-398. Conclusions: Thus, we have succeeded in establishing the efficient synthesis of [11C]Celecoxib and visualizing the spatialtemporal distribution of COX-2 in the rat brain by PET imaging technique. In conclusion, [11C]Celecoxib will be a potentially useful PET probe for evaluating COX-2 expression and drug development. ER  - 
Inflammation and the glutamate system; An inflammatory mechanism has been postulated for both major depression and schizophrenia. In major depression, glutamatergic hyperfunction seems to be closely related to the lack of serotonergic and noradrenergic neurotransmission and to the core symptoms of major depression. In schizophrenia dopaminergic hyperfunction in the limbic system and dopaminergic hypofunction in the frontal cortex may be the main neurotransmitter disturbances. Recent research shows that glutamatergic hypofunction might be the cause for this dopaminergic dysfunction, i.e. glutamatergic dysfunction might be a common pathway in the neurobiology of schizophrenia and depression. Since the function of the glutamatergic system is closely related to the immune system and to the tryptophankynurenine metabolism [1], which both seem to play a key role in the pathophysiology of schizophrenia and major depression [2,3], an immune mediated glutamatergic dysfunction is a key feature in both disorders. Differences in the activation of the enzyme indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase (IDO) and in the tryptophan-kynurenine metabolism resulting in an increased production of kynurenic acid in schizophrenia [2] and probably of increased quinolinic acid in depression [1,3] might play a key role in these diseases. IDO is activated by pro-inflammatory cytokines such as Interferon-7 or Tumor-Necrosis-Factor-a and is inhibited by anti-inflammatory cytokines. Inhibition or activation of IDO, however, lead to different products in the kynurenine metabolism, which are associated with an imbalance in the glutamatergic neurotransmission, contributing to an overweight of N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) agonism in depression and of NMDA antagonism in schizophrenia. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric Adverse Drug Reactions (ADRs) and neuropsychiatric drugs-induced ADRs in a tertiary care hospital; Introduction: Adverse Drug Reactions (ADRs) are today an important cause of hospital admission (between 0.5 and 10% in different studies) [1] and of morbimortality in hospitalized patients. Near 20% of hospitalized patients will suffer an ADRs during the hospital stay. Neuropsychiatric ADRs are not the most frequent but are generally serious and can be responsible of several hospital admissions. The aim of this study was to determine the incidence of neuropsychiatric ADRs and the neuropsychiatric drugs-induced ADRs in hospitalized patients in a tertiary care hospital. Material and Method. We performed this study within the pharmacovigilance department of a tertiary care hospital in Buenos Aires, Argentina (Argerich Hospital). We look twice weekly for Adverse Events in all the departments of this hospital except the emergency room. Every time a possible neuropsychiatric adverse event or a neuropsychiatric drug-induced ADRs appeared, the Naranjo Score was applied to calculate the drug causality. We included for this work all the adverse events that applied as probable or highly probable according to this score. All the ADRs that were included for this study were reported to the National Regulatory Agency of Drug and Food (ANMAT - Agencia Nacional de Medicamentos, Alimentos y Tecnología Médica). This study was performed between July 2008 and January 2009. Results: In this period we detected 704 ADRs. Of this, 43 (6.1% of total ADRs) were neuropsychiatrics (26 in males and 17 in females) and 16 of them were serious (three ADRs related admissions and 13 prolonged the hospitalary stay). There were three cases of drug related hospital admission (two sensory depression and one case of confussional syndrome). The neuropsychiatrics ADRs were: sensory depression 13 cases, generalized seizures 4 cases, parkinsonism 4 cases, confussional syndrome and paresthesia 3 cases, neuromuscular blockade, psicosis and vertigo 2 cases and others ADRs appeared in only one case (confussion, ataxia, withdrawal syndrome, etc). The drug most frequently involved were halopidol and morphine 4 cases, clonazepam 3 cases, colistin, ranitidine, phenytoin and metoclopramide 2 cases and multiple other drugs were involved in only one event (imipenem, meropenem, salbutamol, phenobarbital, pregabalin, gentamycin, clindamycin, diazepam, dexametasone, risperidone, vincristine, risperidone, simvastatin, omeprazole, valproic acid, oxaliplatin, docetaxel, etc). Of the 704 ADRs. 76 (10.8%) were caused by neuropsychiatric drugs. The group of drugs most frequently involved were: antiepileptic drugs 34 events, antipsychotics 14 events, antidepressant 11 events, opioids 8 events, hipnotics 8 events and antialzheimer drugs 1 event. Considering individual drugs, the most frequently involved were phenytoin 15 events, carbamazepine 12, halopidol 7, phenobarbital 5, midazolam and morphine 4, clonazepam, risperidone and sertraline 3, amitriptyline, cytalopram and fluoxetine 2. The most frequently ADRs were hyponatremia 16 cases, sensory depression 12, hepatotoxicity 9 cases, skin rash 6 cases, asimptomatic QTc prolongation and interaction 5 cases. There were three cases of drug induced diabetes asossiated with risperidona (2 events) and halopidol. Conclussion. The incidence of neuropsychiatric ADRs was lesser in this study than reported in other studies from regional [2] and international [3] bibliography (aproximately 15% to 20% of the total ADRs). Antiepileptic drugs were the neuropsychiatries drugs most frequently involved in Adverse Drug Reactions but this is variable in other international studies. The incidence of hyponatremia (generally as a cause of inappropriate ADH secretion) was higher than in other studies. Antipsychotics-induced diabetes was not a common ADRs (0.4% of total ADRs). ER  - 
Acute and chronic effects of naturalistically smoked cannabis on depression and anxiety; Background and Aims: The link between cannabis use and psychosis has been subject to a great deal of media and scientific attention, whilst the association between cannabis use and mood disorders has been less well researched. It has been suggested that cannabis use is associated with increased levels of depression [1] and animal models have shown that reduced activity in the endocannabinoid system is linked with depression [3]. Whilst these changes are thought to be caused by repeated exposure to the main constituent of smoked cannabis, Δ9-tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), it has also been shown that the second most prevalent cannabinoid, cannabidiol (CBD) has anxiolytic effects [3]. This study aimed to assess the link between cannabis use, mood and mood disorders link using THC acid levels measured from urine samples and CBD and THC levels in naturalistically smoked cannabis. Method: 106 cannabis users and 33 non-cannabis using controls were tested on 2 separate occasions. Cannabis users were assessed once while intoxicated with their own naturalistically smoked cannabis and again when drug free; controls were assessed twice whilst drug free. All groups were indexed on state anxiety, euphoria and anhedonia, and on trait depression, anxiety, and dependence. In addition, vulnerability factors such as childhood trauma were investigated. Results: Level of THC acid in urine was found to be a significant predictor of depression in vulnerable individuals. Cannabis dependence also strongly predicted depression. Neither gender nor family diagnosis of mental health problems were significant predictors of depression. State anxiety, anhedonia and euphoria were all higher in cannabis users when intoxicated. These symptoms decreased when drug free, though anhedonia remained significantly higher in daily cannabis users on the drug free day compared to recreational users and controls. Cannabis samples were predominantly of a 'skunk' variety that currently dominates the illicit UK cannabis market and is characterised by high levels of THC combined with little or no CBD. Acutely neither THC, CBD nor the ratio of the two cannabinoids in smoked cannabis were not associated with differences in euphoria, anxiety or anhedonia. Conclusions: Greater THC levels in urine of cannabis users and dependence on the drug were found to be associated with increased incidence of depression. This elevation of depressive symptoms may be related to lifestyle factors associated with cannabis dependence, or may possibly be related to disruptions of the endocannabinoid system due to prolonged, heavy use of the drug. The euphoric and anxiogenic effects of naturalistically smoked cannabis in this study may be due to the type of cannabis that is predominantly smoked in the UK, with high levels of THC accompanied by little or none CBD. Future research should assess whether cannabis with a higher CBD:THC ratio can acutely attenuate cannabis induced increases in anxiety and anhedonia, and chronically protect against cannabis induced depression. ER  - 
Encephalopathy following intramuscular botulinum injection; Objective: To describe a first case of encephalopathy following intramuscular botulinum injection. Description: An 11-year-old girl, 30 kg, with cerebral palsy presented with an acute encephalopathy following her routine botulinum injections (1000 Units Dysport) under midazolam sedation (7.5 mg). She presented with acute amnesia and aphasia, which worsened over a 4 week period before improving slowly over many months. She was investigated including two MRI head scans, EEG, infection screen including CSF studies, metabolic studies, thyroid function tests, anti thyroid antibodies, vasculitis screen and lead levels (all normal). Urine toxicology was positive for benzodiazepines on day 2 and had cleared by day 7. She was treated with antibiotics and acyclovir. Flumazenil, an antidote to midazolam did not improve her symptoms. The following 2 weeks she developed head lag and this improved over the next 8 weeks; however, she remained amnesic and aphasic. To complicate matters, her symptoms were amplified as she developed a depression due to difficult circumstances. Discussion: Initially we thought the deterioration was related to the midazolam and queried if she was a slow metabolizer. However she did not improve with flumazenil and mizolam was undetectable on day 7. We explored the possibility of botulinum. There are no known case reports of intramuscularly botulinum causing an encephalopathy. Botulinum treats disorders characterized by hyperfunction of cholinergic terminals, such as dystonia and spasticity. Intramuscular botulinum is thought to have local neuromuscular effects alone, remaining at the synaptic termina; near to the injection site. However, a recent paper demonstrates that botulinum applied in the periphery can affect central neurons via retrograde axonal transport and transcytosis to distant synapses [1]. Conclusion: We suggest this girl's encephalopathy may be secondary to botulinum gaining access to the brain after peripheral administration. ER  - 
Anxiety and depression in incurable ill patients. Are there treatment options?; Somatopsychic disorders at first anxiety and depression are very frequent in chronically and incurable ill patients. Several factors (genetic vulnerability, history of advanced psychiatric diseases, personality, several forms of somatic treatment) are involved in the etiology. The possibility of adverse events of prescribed medications like chemotherapeutics, antibiotics and steroids must be considered. Psychopharmacological, psychotherapeutic and social treatment methods are possible interventions. Regarding pharmacotherapy, antidepressants with co-analgetic potency (i.e. SSNRI) are prefered, side effects and possible interactions with other drugs must be observed, however. Psychotherapeutic interventions include cognitive-behavioral techniques as well as coping strategies. Close contact to the next relatives is essential, professional help should be offered possibly. Controlled studies are missing in this field so far and are needed urgently. ER  - 
Acne vulgaris, mental health and omega-3 fatty acids: A report of cases; Acne vulgaris is a common skin condition, one that is associated with significant psychological disability. The psychological impairments in acne include higher rates of depression, anxiety, anger and suicidal thoughts. Despite a paucity of clinical research, patients with skin conditions and/or mental health disorders are frequent consumers of dietary supplements. An overlap may exist between nutrients that potentially have both anti-acne and mood regulating properties; examples include omega-3 fatty acids from fish oil, chromium, zinc and selenium. Here we report on five cases of acne treated with eicosapentaenoic acid and antioxidant nutrients. Self-administration of these nutrients may have improved inflammatory acne lesions and global aspects of well-being; the observations suggest a need for controlled trials. © 2008 Rubin et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
The nocebo effect during oral challenge in subjects with adverse drug reactions; Background: Nocebo effect is the occurrence of troublesome symptoms after the administration of inert substances. It can be easily studied during blind oral challenges for drug reactions, which always involve the administration of a placebo. Methods: We collected data about nocebo effect in outpatients undergoing oral drug challenge. Patients with previous documented adverse reactions to drugs underwent an oral challenge with alternative drugs to identify the compounds that can be safely used. The challenges involved the administration of a placebo before the active drugs and were performed under medical supervision. Results: Four hundred and thirty-five patients (18-68 yrs, 68% female) underwent the oral drug challenge. Most of them (52%) had a previous reaction with antibiotics and non-steroidal antinflammatory drugs. The reported reactions were urticaria (and/or angioedema), respiratory complaints, generalized itching and non-specific symptoms. A nocebo effect was seen in 13 patients (3%), (10 female). The majority of the observed effects were subjective (malaise, itching, abdominal pain). No special demographic or clinical characteristic could be identified in the nocebo reactors. Ten/13 patients had an abnormal result at the hospital anxiety depression questionnaire. Conclusion: Nocebo effect was not negligible in this procedure, although less frequent than previously reported. ER  - 
What role do pacemakers play in the generation of respiratory rhythm?; The pacemaker hypothesis that specialized neurons with conditional oscillatory- bursting properties are obligatory for respiratory rhythm generation in vitro has gained widespread acceptance, despite lack of direct proof. Here we critique the pacemaker hypothesis and provide an alternative explanation for rhythmogenesis based on emergent network properties. Pacemaker neurons in the preBötC depend on either persistent Na+ current Inap or Ca2+-activated nonspecific cationic current (Ican). Activity in slice preparations and synaptically- isolated pacemaker neurons undergo similar frequency modulation by perturbations including hypoxia and changes in external K+. These data have been used to argue that pacemaker cells must be rhythmogenic, but may simply reflect the action of these perturbations on intrinsic membrane properties throughout the preBötC and does not constitute proof that pacemakers necessarily drive the rhythm with synaptic coupling in place. Likewise, bath-applied drugs, such as riluzole (RIL) and flufenamic acid (FFA), attenuate Inap and Ican, respectively, throughout the slice. Thus, when these drugs stop the rhythm, a widespread depression of excitability is likely the underlying cause, not selective blockade of bursting-pacemaker activity. We propose that rhythmogenesis is an emergent network property, wherein recurrent synaptic excitation initiates a positive feedback cycle among interneurons and that intrinsic currents like Ican and Inap promote inspiratory burst generation by augmenting synaptic excitation in the context of network activity. In this group-pacemaker framework, individual pacemaker neurons can be embedded but play the same role as every other network constituent. © 2008 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC. ER  - 
Neuroactive steroids as endogenous modulators of anxiety; In the past decades considerable evidence has emerged that certain so called neuroactive steroids not only act as transcription factors in the regulation of gene expression but may also alter neuronal excitability through interaction with specific neurotransmitter receptors such as γ-aminobutyric acid type A (GABAA), N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) and glutamate receptors. There is growing evidence that neuroactive steroids play an important role as endogenous modulators of neuronal function and behavioural processes and that alterations of endogenous neuroactive steroid concentrations may contribute to the pathophysiology of affective disorders. In view of their positive allosteric potential at GABAA-receptors, especially 3α-reduced neuroactive steroids have been suggested to play a major role in the pathophysiology of anxiety disorders. In panic disorder patients a dysequilibrium of neuroactive steroid composition has been observed, which may represent counterregulatory mechanisms against the occurrence of spontaneous panic attacks. Therefore, attenuation of neuroactive steroid concentrations either by synthetic derivates of neuroactive steroids or by modulation of endogenous neurosteroid synthesis might constitute a promising novel strategy for the treatment of anxiety disorders. In conclusion, neuroactive steroids are important endogenous modulators of depression and anxiety and may provide a basis for development of novel therapeutic agents in the treatment of affective disorders. © 2008 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Anxious depression and the stiff-person plus syndrome; OBJECTIVE: To present the case of a patient with anxiety and depressive symptoms who developed the clinical picture of stiff-person plus syndrome (SPS-plus). BACKGROUND: Before the onset of typical SPS symptoms, psychiatric symptoms (like depression and anxiety) may be prominent and as such misleading, resulting in the diagnosis of a psychiatric condition. METHOD: We describe the case of a woman who initially presented with anxious depression and remained resistant to treatment with different classes of antidepressants and additional therapy with lithium and atypical antipsychotics. RESULTS: Evidence of neurologic dysfunction and significantly increased levels of serum autoantibodies for glutamic acid decarboxylase supported the diagnosis of SPS. The patient appeared to benefit from short-term immunosuppressive therapy with methylprednisolone. CONCLUSIONS: The authors believe that anxious depression and SPS-plus seen in this patient are the result of the same underlying autoimmune process, together forming a unique syndrome. Anxious and depressive symptoms in SPS can be explained by alterations in GABAergic neurotransmission. © 2008 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
The case of babesiosis in farmed wolf (Canis lupus L).; There was recognised the case of canine babesiosis in farmed wolf (Canis lupus) in Białowieza, northeastern Poland. The typical symptoms were observed in animal--depression, asitia, and haematocyturia. The treatment with antibiotics gave positive results. It was the first observation of babesiosis in wolf in Poland. ER  - 
Anxious depression and the stiff-person plus syndrome.; OBJECTIVE: To present the case of a patient with anxiety and depressive symptoms who developed the clinical picture of stiff-person plus syndrome (SPS-plus). BACKGROUND: Before the onset of typical SPS symptoms, psychiatric symptoms (like depression and anxiety) may be prominent and as such misleading, resulting in the diagnosis of a psychiatric condition. METHOD: We describe the case of a woman who initially presented with anxious depression and remained resistant to treatment with different classes of antidepressants and additional therapy with lithium and atypical antipsychotics. RESULTS: Evidence of neurologic dysfunction and significantly increased levels of serum autoantibodies for glutamic acid decarboxylase supported the diagnosis of SPS. The patient appeared to benefit from short-term immunosuppressive therapy with methylprednisolone. CONCLUSIONS: The authors believe that anxious depression and SPS-plus seen in this patient are the result of the same underlying autoimmune process, together forming a unique syndrome. Anxious and depressive symptoms in SPS can be explained by alterations in GABAergic neurotransmission. ER  - 
Essential fatty acids and their metabolites could function as endogenous HMG-CoA reductase and ACE enzyme inhibitors, anti-arrhythmic, anti-hypertensive, anti-atherosclerotic, anti-inflammatory, cytoprotective, and cardioprotective molecules; Lowering plasma low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C), blood pressure, homocysteine, and preventing platelet aggregation using a combination of a statin, three blood pressure lowering drugs such as a thiazide, a β blocker, and an angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor each at half standard dose; folic acid; and aspirin-called as polypill- was estimated to reduce cardiovascular events by ∼80%. Essential fatty acids (EFAs) and their long-chain metabolites: γ-linolenic acid (GLA), dihomo-GLA (DGLA), arachidonic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and other products such as prostaglandins E1 (PGE1), prostacyclin (PGI2), PGI3, lipoxins (LXs), resolvins, protectins including neuroprotectin D1 (NPD1) prevent platelet aggregation, lower blood pressure, have anti-arrhythmic action, reduce LDL-C, ameliorate the adverse actions of homocysteine, show anti-inflammatory actions, activate telomerase, and have cytoprotective properties. Thus, EFAs and their metabolites show all the classic actions expected of the "polypill". Unlike the proposed "polypill", EFAs are endogenous molecules present in almost all tissues, have no significant or few side effects, can be taken orally for long periods of time even by pregnant women, lactating mothers, and infants, children, and adults; and have been known to reduce the incidence cardiovascular diseases including stroke. In addition, various EFAs and their long-chain metabolites not only enhance nitric oxide generation but also react with nitric oxide to yield their respective nitroalkene derivatives that produce vascular relaxation, inhibit neutrophil degranulation and superoxide formation, inhibit platelet activation, and possess PPAR-γ ligand activity and release NO, thus prevent platelet aggregation, thrombus formation, atherosclerosis, and cardiovascular diseases. Based on these evidences, I propose that a rational combination of ω-3 and ω-6 fatty acids and the co-factors that are necessary for their appropriate action/metabolism is as beneficial as that of the combined use of a statin, thiazide, a β blocker, and an angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor, folic acid, and aspirin. Furthermore, appropriate combination of ω-3 and ω-6 fatty acids may even show additional benefits in the form of protection from depression, schizophrenia, Alzheimer's disease, and enhances cognitive function; and serve as endogenous anti-inflammatory molecules; and could be administered from childhood for life long. © 2008 Das; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Cardiac oxidative stress determination and myocardial morphology after a single ecstasy (MDMA) administration in a rat model; Experimental and clinical data indicate that 3,4-methylenedioxy-N- methylamphetamine (MDMA) abuse can produce significant cardiovascular toxicity. A mechanism may be a direct toxic effect of redox active metabolites of MDMA. To evaluate the effect of a single MDMA dose on cellular antioxidant defence system and to investigate the morphology in male albino rats, total glutathione (GSH), oxidised glutathione (GSSG), ascorbic acid (AA), glutathione peroxidase (GPx), glutathione reductase (GR), superoxide dismutase (SOD) and malondialdehyde (MDAL) were studied. The effects were evaluated at 3, 6, 16 and 24 h after MDMA administration. Antioxidant enzymes activity was significantly reduced: GPx (-24%) and SOD (-50%) after 3 h and GR (-19%) after 6 h from treatment. AA levels decrease (-37%) after 3 h and (-30%) after 6 h; MDAL level increased (+119%) after 3 h; GSH levels decreased after 3 (31.3%) and 6 h (37.9%) from MDMA treatment. GSSG content was not affected by ecstasy administration. Myocardial contraction band necrosis (CBN) was already visible in rats killed at 6 h. After 16 h, macrophagic monocytes around the necrotic myocardial cells were observed, and within 24 h, this infiltrate became more widespread with an early removal of the necrotic material. Calcium deposits were observed within ventricular cardiomyocytes with intact nuclei and sarcomeres. Single administration of MDMA can significantly alter the cellular antioxidant defence system and produce oxidative stress which may result in lipid peroxidation and disruption of Ca2 + homeostasis. The depression in Ca2+ regulatory mechanism by reactive oxygen species ultimately results in intracellular Ca2 + overload, CBN and cell death. © 2008 Springer-Verlag. ER  - 
Minocycline suppresses morphine-induced respiratory depression, suppresses morphine-induced reward, and enhances systemic morphine-induced analgesia; Recent data suggest that opioids can activate immune-like cells of the central nervous system (glia). This opioid-induced glial activation is associated with decreased analgesia, owing to the release of proinflammatory mediators. Here, we examine in rats whether the putative microglial inhibitor, minocycline, may affect morphine-induced respiratory depression and/or morphine-induced reward (conditioned place preference). Systemic co-administration of minocycline significantly attenuated morphine-induced reductions in tidal volume, minute volume, inspiratory force, and expiratory force, but did not affect morphine-induced reductions in respiratory rate. Minocycline attenuation of respiratory depression was also paralleled with significant attenuation by minocycline of morphine-induced reductions in blood oxygen saturation. Minocycline also attenuated morphine conditioned place preference. Minocycline did not simply reduce all actions of morphine, as morphine analgesia was significantly potentiated by minocycline co-administration. Lastly, morphine dose-dependently increased cyclooxygenase-1 gene expression in a rat microglial cell line, an effect that was dose-dependently blocked by minocycline. Together, these data support that morphine can directly activate microglia in a minocycline-suppressible manner and suggest a pivotal role for minocycline-sensitive processes in the mechanisms of morphine-induced respiration depression, reward, and pain modulation. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in the blood of children and adolescents with juvenile bipolar disorder; Reduced long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCn-3PUFA), including eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), have been reported in adult patients suffering from depression and bipolar disorder (BD). LCn-3PUFA status has not previously been examined in children and adolescents with BD compared with healthy controls. Fifteen children and adolescents (9-18 years, M ± SD = 14.4 ± 3.48) diagnosed with juvenile bipolar disorder (JBD) and fifteen healthy age and sex-matched controls were assessed for dietary intake and fasting red blood cell (RBC) membrane concentrations of LCn-3PUFA. Fatty acid concentrations were compared between participants diagnosed with JBD and controls after controlling for dietary intake. RBC membrane concentrations of EPA and DHA were not significantly lower in participants diagnosed with JBD compared with healthy controls (M ± sem EPA = 3.37 ± 0.26 vs. 3.69 ± 0.27 μg/mL, P = 0.458; M ± sem DHA = 22.08 ± 2.23 vs. 24.61 ± 2.38 μg/mL, P = 0.528) after controlling for intake. Red blood cell DHA was negatively (r = -0.55; P = 0.044) related to clinician ratings of depression. Although lower RBC concentrations of LCn-3PUFA were explained by lower intakes in the current study, previous evidence has linked reduced LCn-3PUFA to the aetiology of BD. As RBC DHA was also negatively related to symptoms of depression, a randomised placebo-controlled study examining supplementation with LCn-3PUFA as an adjunct to standard pharmacotherapy appears warranted in this patient population. © 2008 AOCS. ER  - 
The effect of ibuprofen and acetylsalicylic acid on cognitive impairment, total antioxidant power and isoprostane serum; INTRODUCTION: There are controversial studies on the prevention of Alzheimer's disease with nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs (NSAIDs). The objective of this study was to evaluate the effect of ibuprofen and acetylsalicylic acid on cognitive impairment, serum total antioxidant power (TAP) and isoprostane (8-iso-PGF2alpha). METHODS: From April 2004 to February 2006, a Folstein mini-mental state (MMSE), Syndrome Kurtz Test (SKT) and a geriatric depression scale (Yasevage) were applied to eighteen, 55-56 years old eligible women. All women (n= 18) with normal cognitive state were randomized to ibuprofen 400 mg per day (n= 9) and acetylsalicylic acid 500 mg per day (n= 9) for one year. Serum TAP and 8-iso-PGF2alpha were performed at baseline, after six months and one year of treatment. RESULTS: After one year of treatment with acetylsalicylic acid five women (55.6%) raised their score 4 points in MMSE compared with 3 points increased (33.3%) showed by the ibuprofen group. TAP increased (p=0.01) and 8-iso-PGF2alpha reduced (p=0.01) in both groups compared with baseline. CONCLUSIONS: Both drugs improved the cognitive state andoxidative status of our population. ER  - 
Chronic immune stimulation correlates with reduced phenylalanine turnover; Neurospychiatric symptoms like mood changes and depression are common in patients with chronic inflammatory disorders such as infections, autoimmune diseases or cancer. The pathogenesis of these symptoms is still unclear. Pro-inflammatory stimuli interfere not only with the neural circuits and neurotransmitters of the serotonergic, but also with those of the adrenergic system. The proinflammatory cytokine interferon-γ stimulates the biosynthesis of 5,6,7,8-tetrahydrobiopterin (BH4), which is cofactor for several aromatic amino acid monooxygenases and thus is strongly involved in the biosynthesis of the neurotransmitter serotonin and the catecholamines dopamine, epinephrine (adrenaline) and norepinephrine (noradrenaline). In macrophages, interferon-γ also triggers the high output of reactive oxygen species, which can destroy the oxidation-labile BH4. Recent data suggest that oxidative loss of BH4 in chronic inflammatory conditions can reduce the biosynthesis of catecholamines, which may relate to disturbed adrenergic neurotransmitter pathways in patients. © 2008 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Acute coronary syndrome patients with depression have low blood cell membrane omega-3 fatty acid levels; Objective: To determine the extent to which levels of membrane eicosapentaenoic (EPA)+docosahexaenoic acids (DHA) (the omega-3 index) were associated with depression in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS). Depression is associated with worse cardiovascular (CV) outcomes in patients with ACS. Reduced levels of blood cell membrane omega-3 (n-3) fatty acids (FAs), an emerging risk factor for both CV disease and depression, may help to explain the link between depression and adverse CV outcomes. Methods: We measured membrane FA composition in 759 patients with confirmed ACS. The analysis included not only EPA and DHA but also the n-6 FAs linoleic and arachidonic acids (LA and AA). Depressive symptoms were measured with the Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ). Multivariable linear regression was used to adjust for demographic and clinical characteristics. Results: There was a significant inverse relationship between the n-3 index and depressive symptoms (PHQ) in the fully adjusted model (p =.034). For every 4.54% point rise in the n-3 index, there was a 1-point decline in depressive symptoms. In contrast to the n-3 FAs, membrane levels of the n-6 FAs LA and AA were not different between depressed and nondepressed ACS patients. Conclusion: We found an inverse relationship between the n-3 index and the prevalence of depressive symptoms in patients with ACS. Therefore, this study supports the hypothesis that reduced n-3 FA tissue levels are a common and potentially modifiable link between depression and adverse CV outcomes. Copyright © 2008 by the American Psychosomatic Society. ER  - 
Fatigue in patients with advanced cancer: A pilot study of an intervention with infliximab; Goals of work: The objective of this study was to determine the effect of infliximab, an antitumor necrosis factor alpha (TNFα) antibody, on fatigue in patients with advanced cancer. Materials and methods: This was a pilot study undertaken in a specialist palliative care unit. Seventeen eligible outpatients were enrolled in this study. Infliximab 5 mg/kg was administered intravenously at baseline and if there was observable clinical benefit, every 4 weeks thereafter until clinical benefit was lost. The primary outcome measure assessing subjective functional improvement was the change in fatigue severity scale (FSS) score at 4 weeks following an infliximab infusion. Secondary outcome measures of subjective functional improvement that were assessed 4 weeks after each infliximab infusion included changes in Karnofsky performance status (KPS), hospital anxiety and depression scale (HADS) score, anxiety and depression subscores, and appetite visual analogue scale. Clinical laboratory assessments were C-reactive protein (CRP), erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR), TNFα, interleukin-6, and leptin concentrations. Main results: At week 4, 9 of 14 patients improved in FSS, 3 of 15 improved in KPS, 7 of 15 improved in total HADS and the majority had modest improvements in serum CRP, ESR, or leptin concentrations. Case studies of six patients with overall improvement are described in detail. Five serious adverse events occurred; two were serious infections possibly related to treatment. Conclusions: A subgroup of patients in this small pilot study demonstrated uniform subjective/clinical benefit. We were not able to identify any predictors of this response; a larger, controlled study may reveal more information. © 2008 Springer-Verlag. ER  - 
Inhibition of peripheral TNF can block the malaise associated with CNS inflammatory diseases; Circulating cytokine levels are elevated in many neuropathologies and may be a cause of the associated malaise and depression. Using a rat model, we demonstrate that sickness behaviors generated by microinjection of IL-1β into the anterior hypothalamus are adopted by naive recipient animals following plasma transfer. We further show that neutralizing peripheral TNF by etanercept (a p75 TNF receptor/Fc fusion protein) prior to the IL-1β microinjection inhibits certain IL-1β-mediated sickness behaviors, such as the depression of open-field activity and reduced glucose consumption. IL-1β-induced central lesions induce peripheral TNF as part of the acute-phase response, and this appears to be the principal target of the etanercept. Thus behavioral changes induced by CNS lesions may result from peripheral expression of cytokines that can be targeted with drugs which do not need to cross the blood-brain barrier to be efficacious. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Protective effect of taurine and quercetin against renal dysfunction associated with the combined use of gentamycin and diclofenac.; The potential protective effects of taurine and quercetin against gentamycin (GM)/diclofenac (DC) combined nephrotoxicity were investigated in rats. The results showed that administration of DC alone at an oral dose of 5 mg/kg b.wt/day for 28 days had no significant effect on the measured parameters, except for marked increase in urinary uronic acid excretion. Administration of GM alone at a dose of 100 mg/kg b.wt/day i.p. for 8 days resulted in obvious nephrotoxicity. Combined GM-DC treatment led to the most pronounced nephrotoxicity, as indicated by greater elevations in serum urea, creatinine and urinary N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosaminidase (NAG), together with severe depression of renal cortical Na , K+-ATPase, compared to GM-treated group. Moreover, only combined treatment resulted in significant decrease in urinary potassium and renal cortical glutathione peroxidase (GSHPx), together with an increase in renal cortical lipid peroxidation products (LPOs). Co-administration of taurine or quercetin normalized creatinine clearance and ameliorated the elevations in urinary proteins, uronic acids, NAG and renal cortical LPOs in GM/DC treated rats. The study justifies the use of taurine and quercetin as renoprotective agents against the nephrotoxicity caused by GM/DC therapy. ER  - 
Outcome of drug induced IV degree bone marrow depression after kidney transplantation; Background: The chance for bone marrow depression is increased using immunosuppressant after kidney transplantation. However, severe bone marrow depression is rare. Objective: To analyze the drug-induced IV degree of bone marrow depression after renal transplantation and summarize the treatment and outcome. Design, time and setting: The cases analysis was performed at Transplantation Urological Surgery of Ruikang Hospital of Guangxi Traditional Chinese Medical University from January 2005 to January 2007. Participants: Four patients with IV degree of bone marrow depression after allogeneic kidney transplantation, 2 males aged 50 and 56 years and 2 females aged 56 and 29 year, admitted to Transplantation Urological Surgery of Ruikang Hospital of Guangxi Traditional Chinese Medical University. They were infected in different degrees. Methods: The immunosuppressant and the medications that could cause bone marrow depression were decreased or withdrawn. Instead, the patients were treated with cyclosporine + mycophenolate mofetil + prednisone along with granulocyte colony-stimulating factor 7-9 days. After transplantation, the 3rd generation of cephalosporins antibiotics was used for one week. Main outcome measures: Blood-routine changes were tested daily. Results: Decreased granulocyte treatment could be recovered in 7 days. Platelet was recovered in about 2 weeks after the treatment. Hemoglobin was not affected by the treatment. Infection was controlled at 10-14 days. Conclusion: Using symptomatic and supportive treatments, drug-induced bone marrow depression after renal transplantation can be cured. ER  - 
Approved and investigational uses of modafinil: An evidence-based review; Modafinil is a wake-promoting agent that is pharmacologically different from other stimulants. It has been investigated in healthy volunteers, and in individuals with clinical disorders associated with excessive sleepiness, fatigue, impaired cognition and other symptoms. This review examines the use of modafinil in clinical practice based on the results of randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trials available in the English language in the MEDLINE database. In sleep-deprived individuals, modafinil improves mood, fatigue, sleepiness and cognition to a similar extent as caffeine but has a longer duration of action. Evidence for improved cognition in non-sleep-deprived healthy volunteers is controversial. Modafinil improves excessive sleepiness and illness severity in all three disorders for which it has been approved by the US FDA, i.e. narcolepsy, shift-work sleep disorder and obstructive sleep apnoea with residual excessive sleepiness despite optimal use of continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP). However, its effects on safety on the job and on morbidities associated with these disorders have not been ascertained. Continued use of CPAP in obstructive sleep apnoea is essential. Modafinil does not benefit cataplexy. In very small, short-term trials, modafinil improved excessive sleepiness in patients with myotonic dystrophy. It was efficacious in fairly large studies of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in children and adolescents, and was as efficacious as methylphenidate in a small trial, but has not been approved by the FDA, in part because of its serious dermatological toxicity. In a trial of 21 non-concurrent subjects, with 2-week treatment periods, modafinil was as effective as dexamfetamine in adult ADHD. Modafinil was helpful for depressive symptoms in bipolar disorder in a trial that excluded patients with stimulant-induced mania. A single dose of modafinil may hasten recovery from general anaesthesia after day surgery. A single dose of modafinil improved the ability of emergency room physicians to attend didactic lectures after a night shift, but did not improve their ability to drive home and caused sleep disturbances subsequently. Modafinil had a substantial placebo effect on outcomes such as fatigue, excessive sleepiness and depression in patients with traumatic brain injury, major depressive disorder, schizophrenia, post-polio fatigue and multiple sclerosis; however, it did not provide any benefit greater than placebo. Trials of modafinil for excessive sleepiness in Parkinson's disease, cocaine addiction and cognition in chronic fatigue syndrome provided inconsistent results; all studies had extremely small sample sizes. Modafinil cannot be recommended for these conditions until definitive data become available. Modafinil induces and inhibits several cytochrome P450 isoenzymes and has the potential for interacting with drugs from all classes. The modafinil dose should be reduced in the elderly and in patients with hepatic disease. Caution is needed in patients with severe renal insufficiency because of substantial increases in levels of modafinil acid. Common adverse events with modafinil include insomnia, headache, nausea, nervousness and hypertension. Decreased appetite, weight loss and serious dermatological have been reported with greater frequency in children and adolescents, probably due to the higher doses (based on bodyweight) used. Modafinil may have some abuse/addictive potential although no cases have been reported to date. © 2008 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Childhood sarcoidosis: A rare but fascinating disorder; Childhood sarcoidosis is a rare multisystemic granulomatous disorder of unknown etiology. In the pediatric series reported from the southeastern United States, sarcoidosis had a higher incidence among African Americans. Most reported childhood cases have occurred in patients aged 13-15 years. Macrophages bearing an increased expression of major histocompatibility class (MHC) II molecules most likely initiate the inflammatory response of sarcoidosis by presenting an unidentified antigen to CD4+ Th (helper-inducer) lymphocytes. A persistent, poorly degradable antigen driven cell-mediated immune response leads to a cytokine cascade, to granuloma formation, and eventually to fibrosis. Frequently observed immunologic features include depression of cutaneous delayed-type hypersensitivity and a heightened helper T cell type 1 (Th1) immune response at sites of disease. Circulating immune complexes, along with signs of B cell hyperactivity, may also be found. The clinical presentation can vary greatly depending upon the organs involved and age of the patient. Two distinct forms of sarcoidosis exist in children. Older children usually present with a multisystem disease similar to the adult manifestations, with frequent hilar lymphadenopathy and pulmonary infiltrations. Early-onset sarcoidosis is a unique form of the disease characterized by the triad of rash, uveitis, and arthritis in children presenting before four years of age. The diagnosis of sarcoidosis is confirmed by demonstrating a typical noncaseating granuloma on a biopsy specimen. Other granulmatous diseases should be reasonably excluded. The current therapy of choice for sarcoidosis in children with multisystem involvement is oral corticosteroids. Methotrexate given orally in low doses has been effective, safe and steroid sparing in some patients. Alternative immunosuppressive agents, such as azathioprine, cyclophosphamide, chlorambucil, and cyclosporine, have been tried in adult cases of sarcoidosis with questionable efficacy. The high toxicity profile of these agents, including an increased risk of lymphoproliferative disorders and carcinomas, has limited their use to patients with severe disease refractory to other agents. Successful steroid sparing treatment with mycophenolate mofetil was described in an adolescent with renal-limited sarcoidosis complicated by renal failure. Novel treatment strategies for sarcoidosis have been developed including the use of TNF-alpha inhibitors, such as infliximab. The long-term course and prognosis is not well established in childhood sarcoidosis, but it appears to be poorer in early-onset disease. © 2008 Shetty and Gedalia; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Pathophysiology of Noncardiac Chest Pain: Not Only Acid; Research on the pathophysiology of NCCP has revealed that acid is not the only cause of pain in this population. Studies of motility disorders, the composition of the refluxate, central mechanisms involved in esophageal hypersensitivity, and the role of psychosocial comorbidity have enhanced our understanding of the origin of chest pain of esophageal origin. However, further research is required, especially to elucidate the nociceptive neural pathways involved in esophageal hypersensitivity, and to clarify the role of psychological factors like anxiety and depression on the esophageal perception. No doubt this will eventually provide new opportunities in the treatment of this challenging disorder. © 2008 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Low plasma eicosapentaenoic acid and depressive symptomatology are independent predictors of dementia risk; Background: The potential preventive role of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in Alzheimer disease has aroused increasing interest. Plasma n-3 PUFAs have been shown to be inversely related to the risk of dementia and to depression, which is frequently associated with dementia. Objective: The objective was to ascertain whether plasma PUFAs predict the risk of incident dementia in a cohort of older persons, independently of their depressive status. Design: Of 1214 nondemented participants in the Three-City Study from Bordeaux (France) who were followed up for 4 y, 65 developed dementia. The association between the proportion of plasma fatty acids at baseline and the risk of incident dementia was assessed by multivariate proportional hazard models, taking into account depressive status assessed on the basis of the Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression scale. Results: A higher plasma eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) concentration was associated with a lower incidence of dementia [hazard ratio (HR) for 1 SD = 0.69; 95% CI: 0.48, 0.98], independently of depressive status and after adjustment for age, education, apolipoprotein E ε4 allele, diabetes, and baseline plasma vitamin E and triacylglycerol. The relations between docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), total n-3 PUFAs, and incident dementia did not remain significant in multivariate models. Higher ratios of arachidonic acid (AA) to DHAand of n-6 to n-3 fatty acids were related to an increased risk of dementia, particularly in depressive subjects (n=90): ratio of AA to DHA (HR: 2.65;95%CI: 1.07, 6.56) and ratio of n-6 to n-3 (HR: 1.61; 95% CI: 1.04, 2.47). Conclusions: A high plasma EPA concentration may decrease the risk of dementia, whereas high ratios of n-6 to n-3 fatty acids and of AA to DHA may increase the risk of dementia, especially in depressed older persons. The role of EPA in dementia warrants further research. © 2008 American Society for Nutrition. ER  - 
Effect of fish-oil supplementation on mental well-being in older subjects: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; Background: It is suggested that a low intake of fish and/or n-3 PUFA is associated with depressed mood. However, results from epidemiologic studies are mixed, and randomized trials have mainly been performed in depressed patients, yielding conflicting results. Objective: We investigated the effect of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) on mental well-being in a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. Design: Independently living individuals (n = 302) aged ≥65 y were randomly assigned to consume 1800 mg/d EPA+DHA, 400 mg/dEPA+DHA, or placebo capsules for 26 wk. Changes in mental well-being were assessed as the primary outcome with the Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression Scale (CES-D), Montgomery-Åsberg Rating Scale (MADRS), Geriatric Depression Scale (GDS-15), and Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS-A). Results: Plasma concentrations of EPA+DHA increased by 238% in the high-dose and 51% in the low-dose fish-oil group compared with the placebo group, reflecting excellent compliance. Baseline CES-D scores ranged from 5.9 to 6.8 in the 3 groups and were not significantly different between groups. Mean changes in CES-D scores after 26 wk were -0.2, 0.2, and -0.4 (P = 0.87) in the high-dose fish oil, low-dose fish oil, and placebo groups, respectively. Treatment with neither 1800 mg nor 400 mg EPA+DHA differentially affected any of the measures of mental well-being after 13 or 26 wk of intervention compared with placebo. Conclusions: In this randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial we observed no effect of EPA+DHA supplementation for 26 wk on mental well-being in the general older population studied. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00124852. © 2008 American Society for Nutrition. ER  - 
Antibiotic development; Over the last 25 years, the development of new antibiotics has decreased alarmingly (1). The cost of developing any new drug is generally in excess of US$500 million, and it usually takes eight to 10 years from identifying a potential drug candidate to the time it is launched into the market (2). In addition to this, many countries have implemented increased regulation of antibiotic usage, and there has been a tightening of requirements to obtain regulatory approval of drugs (1). It is not surprising, therefore, that many pharmaceutical companies consider antibiotic research to be of lower financial attractiveness compared with that for other chronic indications (such as depression or heart disease, for example). ER  - 
Omega-3 fatty acids and supportive psychotherapy for perinatal depression: A randomized placebo-controlled study; Background: Perinatal major depressive disorder (MDD), including antenatal and postpartum depression, is common and has serious consequences. This study was designed to investigate the feasibility, safety, and efficacy of omega-3 fatty acids for perinatal depression in addition to supportive psychotherapy. Methods: Perinatal women with MDD were randomized to eicosapentaenoic (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acids (DHA), 1.9g/day, or placebo for 8weeks. A manualized supportive psychotherapy was provided to all subjects. Symptoms were assessed with the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAM-D) and Edinburgh Postnatal Depression Scale (EPDS) biweekly. Results: Fifty-nine women enrolled; N = 51 had two data collection points that allowed for evaluation of efficacy. Omega-3 fatty acids were well tolerated. Participants in both groups experienced significant decreases in EPDS and HAM-D scores (p < .0001) from baseline. We did not find a benefit of omega-3 fatty acids over placebo. Dietary omega-3 fatty acid intake was low among participants. Limitations: The ability to detect an effect of omega-3 fatty acids may have been limited by sample size, study length, or dose. The benefits of supportive psychotherapy may have limited the ability to detect an effect of omega-3 fatty acids. Conclusions: There was no significant difference between omega-3 fatty acids and placebo in this study in which all participants received supportive psychotherapy. The manualized supportive psychotherapy warrants further study. The low intake of dietary omega-3 fatty acids among participants is of concern, in consideration of the widely established health advantages in utero and in infants. © 2007 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
A double-blind dose-finding pilot study of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) for major depressive disorder; We examined the antidepressant efficacy and dose-response pattern of the n-3 docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). Thirty-five depressed adult outpatients (46% women; mean age 42 ± 14 years) with a 17-item Hamilton-Depression Scale (HAM-D-17) score of > /= 18 were randomized into one of three double-blind dosing arms for 12 weeks. Group A (n = 14): 1 g/day of oral DHA; Group B (n = 11): 2 g/day; and Group C (n = 10): 4 g/day. We measured HAM-D-17 scores, plasma DHA, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and n-6/n-3 ratio. Completer response rates (> /= 50% decrease in HAM-D-17 score) were 83% for Group A, 40% for Group B, and 0% for Group C; Groups A and B had significant decreases in HAM-D-17 scores (p < 0.05). For completers and intent-to-treat subjects, plasma DHA increased significantly (p < 0.05), EPA had little change (p > 0.05), and n-6/n-3 decreased significantly (p < 0.05). DHA may be effective for depression at lower doses. © 2008 Elsevier B.V. and ECNP. ER  - 
Raman and thermal analysis of indomethacin/PVP solid dispersion enteric microparticles; Indomethacin (IMC) and three types of poly-(vinylpyrrolidone) (PVP 12PF, PVP K30 and PVP K90) were studied in the form of solid dispersion, prepared with the solvent evaporation method, by spectroscopic (Raman, FT-IR, X-ray diffraction), thermal (differential scanning calorimetry, thermogravimetry, hot-stage microscopy), fractal and image analysis. Raman and FT-IR micro-spectroscopy indicated the occurrence of drug/polymer interaction and the presence of an amorphous form of IMC, as also resulting from X-ray diffractometry. Hot-stage microscopy suggested that the interaction between IMC and the polymer occurring on heating of a physical mixture, is common to other acidic compounds and causes a depression of the temperature of the appearance of a molten phase. Co-evaporated particles were coated by spray-congealing process with molten stearic acid for gastroprotection, but also for stabilization of the amorphous structure of the drug: the final particles were spherically shaped. Dissolution tests carried out on the final microparticles showed that the coating with stearic acid prevents IMC release at acidic pH and also protects against recovery of the IMC crystallinity, at least after 9 months of aging: the extent and mode of the release, before and after aging, overlap perfectly. The test revealed a notable improvement of the drug release rate from the solid dispersion at suitable pH, with respect to pure IMC. The comparison of the present solid dispersion with IMC/PVP (surface) solid dispersion obtained by freeze-drying of an aqueous suspension, where IMC maintained its crystalline state, revealed that there was no difference concerning the release rate, but suggested a superior quality of this last process as a mean of improving IMC availability for the easiness of preparation and stability, due to the absence of the amorphous state of the drug, as a possible instability source of the system. Finally, the coating with stearic acid is discussed as a determining process for the practical application of solid dispersions. © 2008. ER  - 
Pseudohypericin is necessary for the light-activated inhibition of prostaglandin E2 pathways by a 4 component system mimicking an Hypericum perforatum fraction; Hypericum perforatum (Hp) has been used medicinally to treat a variety of conditions including mild-to-moderate depression. Recently, several anti-inflammatory activities of Hp have been reported. An ethanol extract of Hp was fractionated with the guidance of an anti-inflammatory bioassay (lipopolysaccharide (LPS)-induced prostaglandin E2 production (PGE2)), and four constituents were identified. When combined together at concentrations detected in the Hp fraction to make a 4 component system, these constituents (0.1 μM chlorogenic acid (compound 1), 0.08 μM amentoflavone (compound 2), 0.07 μM quercetin (compound 3), and 0.03 μM pseudohypericin (compound 4)) explained the majority of the activity of the fraction when activated by light, but only partially explained the activity of this Hp fraction in dark conditions. One of the constituents, light-activated pseudohypericin, was necessary, but not sufficient to explain the reduction in LPS-induced PGE2 of the 4 component system. The Hp fraction and the 4 component system inhibited lipoxygenase and cytosolic phospholipase A2, two enzymes in the PGE2-mediated inflammatory response. The 4 component system inhibited the production of the pro-inflammatory cytokine tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α), and the Hp fraction inhibited the anti-inflammatory cytokine interleukin-10 (IL-10). Thus, the Hp fraction and selected constituents from this fraction showed evidence of blocking pro-inflammatory mediators but not enhancing inflammation-suppressing mediators. © 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Stress and the brain: Solving the puzzle using microdialysis; Aberrant functioning of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenocortical (HPA) axis seems to be involved in depression and anxiety. However, the mechanisms underlying the relationship between stress and mental illness are not completely resolved yet. The therapeutical efficacy of selective serotonin re-uptake inhibitors and benzodiazepines points to a key role of serotonin and gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) in depression and anxiety. Thus, it can be hypothesised that stress-induced changes in serotonin and GABA contribute to a dysregulation of the HPA axis and to the development of psychiatric disorders in susceptible subjects. It will, therefore, be crucial to increase our understanding of the effects of stress on serotonin and GABA. Various refinements have made in vivo microdialysis an extremely powerful method to study the highly dynamic neurotransmitter responses in stress physiology and behaviour. Furthermore, microdialysis can also be used to measure free corticosterone levels in the brain and, thus, HPA axis activity and neurotransmission can be monitored concomitantly. Here we review the effects of acute and chronic stress on serotonin and GABA, as assessed by microdialysis, in the hippocampus; a brain structure critically involved in the behavioural and neuroendocrine responses to stress. From the microdialysis data discussed, it can be concluded that both serotonin and GABA in the hippocampus are highly responsive to stress, but also that these responses are shaped by the exact nature of the stressor, i.e. the balance between the psychological and physical aspects of the stressful challenge. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Nitric oxide dependence of glutamate-mediated modulation at a vertebrate neuromuscular junction; Recent evidence has revealed a contribution of glutamate in the stereotyped cholinergic neuromuscular transmission. Indeed, receptors, transporters and glutamate itself are present at the neuromuscular junction (NMJ) while glutamate activation of metabotropic receptors (mGluRs) decreases synaptic transmission and mediates depression through presynaptic mechanisms. However, we have shown that the mGluRs are located postsynaptically, inconsistent with the presynaptic action of glutamate. In the present study, we tested whether nitric oxide (NO) serves as a retrograde messenger mediating the distant effect of glutamate. Glutamate or an mGluR agonist [trans-(1S,3R)-aminocyclopentanedicarboxylic acid (ACPD)] failed to reduce synaptic transmission in the presence of an NOS inhibitor (3Br7NINa, 3-bromo-7-nitroindazole sodium salt). Moreover, application of 3Br7NINa precluded the effect of the mGluR antagonist MCPG [(S)-alpha-methyl-4-carboxyphenylglycine] on high-frequency-induced synaptic depression. Iontophoretic injections of BAPTA [1,2-bis(2-aminophenoxy)ethane-N, N,N′-tetraacetic acid] in muscle fibres abolished the effect of trans-ACPD on synaptic transmission and blocked the mGluR component of depression, indicating the involvement of muscular calcium in mGluR-induced depression. Also, the use of this protocol unveiled a muscular calcium-dependent potentiating pathway dependent on cyclo-oxygenase activity. In addition, local application of trans-ACPD induced an increase in NO production by muscle fibres visualized with the indicator DAF-FM (4-amino-5-methylamino-2′,7′- difluorofluorescein). This was prevented by 3Br7NINa or the iontophoretic injection of BAPTA. Moreover, motor nerve stimulation (50 Hz, 30 s) induced an increase in DAF-FM fluorescence that was abolished by 3Br7NINa and MCPG. Hence, the data suggest that the production of the retrograde molecule NO depends on the postsynaptic calcium-dependent activation of nitric oxide synthase following mGluRs stimulation and is essential for the glutamatergic modulation of synaptic efficacy and plasticity at the NMJ. © The Authors (2008). ER  - 
Valproic acid poisoning: An evidence-based consensus guideline for out-of-hospital management; A review of US poison center data for 2004 showed over 9000 ingestions of valproic acid. A guideline that determines the conditions for emergency department referral and prehospital care could potentially optimize patient outcome, avoid unnecessary emergency department visits, reduce health care costs, and reduce life disruption for patients and caregivers. An evidence-based expert consensus process was used to create the guideline. Relevant articles were abstracted by a trained physician researcher. The first draft of the guideline was created by the lead author. The entire panel discussed and refined the guideline before distribution to secondary reviewers for comment. The panel then made changes based on the secondary review comments. The objective of this guideline is to assist poison center personnel in the appropriate out-of-hospital triage and initial out-of-hospital management of patients with a suspected ingestion of valproic acid by 1) describing the process by which an ingestion of valproic acid might be managed, 2) identifying the key decision elements in managing cases of valproic acid ingestion, 3) providing clear and practical recommendations that reflect the current state of knowledge, and 4) identifying needs for research. This guideline applies to the acute ingestion and acute-on-chronic ingestion of immediate-release and extended-release dosage forms of valproic acid, divalproex, and valproate sodium alone. Co-ingestion of additional substances could require different referral and management recommendations depending on the combined toxicities of the substances. This review focuses on the ingestion of more than a single therapeutic dose and the effects of an overdose. Although therapeutic doses of valproic acid can cause adverse effects in adults and children, some idiosyncratic and some dose-dependent, these cases are not considered. This guideline is based on an assessment of current scientific and clinical information. The expert consensus panel recognizes that specific patient care decisions might be at variance with this guideline and are the prerogative of the patient and the health professionals providing care, considering all of the circumstances involved. This guideline does not substitute for clinical judgment. Recommendations are in chronological order of likely clinical use. The grade of recommendation is in parentheses. 1) All patients with suicidal intent, intentional abuse, or in whom a malicious intent is suspected (e.g., child abuse or neglect) should be referred to an emergency department (Grade D). 2) Patients who are symptomatic (more than somnolence or exhibiting coma or seizures) after a valproic acid ingestion should be referred to an emergency department (Grade C). 3) Asymptomatic patients with an unintentional acute ingestion of 50 mg/kg or more or asymptomatic patients who are taking the drug therapeutically and who take an additional single acute ingestion of 50 mg/kg or more of any valproic acid formulation should be referred to an emergency department for evaluation (Grade C). 4) Patients with unintentional ingestions of immediate-release valproic acid formulations, who are asymptomatic, and more than 6 hours has elapsed since the time of ingestion, can be observed at home (Grade C). 5) Patients with unintentional ingestions of delayed-release or extended-release formulations of valproic acid who are asymptomatic, and more than 12 hours has elapsed since the time of ingestion, can be observed at home (Grade C). 6) Pregnant women who ingest below the dose for emergency department referral and do not have other referral conditions should be directed to their primary care obstetrical provider for evaluation of potential maternal and fetal risk. Routine referral to an emergency department for immediate care is not required (Grade D). 7) Do not induce emesis (Grade C). 8) Activated charcoal can be administered to asymptomatic patients who have ingested valproic acid within the preceding hour (Grade C). Prehospital activated charcoal administration, if available, should only be carried out by health professionals and only if no contraindications are present. Poison centers should follow local protocols and experience with its use. Do not delay transportation in order to administer activated charcoal (Grades D). 9) In patients who have ingested valproic acid and who are comatose, naloxone can be considered for prehospital administration in the doses used for treatment of opioid overdose, particularly if the patient has respiratory depression (Grade C). 10) A benzodiazepine can be administered by EMS personnel if convulsions are present and if authorized by EMS medical direction, expressed by written treatment protocol or policy, or if there is direct medical oversight (Grade C). Copyright © American Association of Poison Control Centers. ER  - 
The impact of cosmetic interventions on quality of life; In the last decade, the number of cosmetic procedures performed in the United States has rapidly increased. While physicians historically have focused on minimizing side effects and optimizing the physical outcome, a broad spectrum of patient needs also factors in treatment success. Unfortunately, few data are available regarding the effects of cosmetic procedures on patient's self-esteem, confidence, relationships, and acceptance by others. Quality of life represents a relevant and important long-term measurement of outcomes in these patients. Studies have shown that cosmetic surgery can have a positive impact on patient quality of life. In contrast, fewer data are available regarding the effects of nonsurgical cosmetic procedures on quality of life. Much of the quality-of-life data regarding nonsurgical cosmetic procedures focuses on patients with human immunodeficiency virus-associated facial lipoatrophy, a condition associated with depression, problems with self-esteem and interpersonal relationships, in addition to nonadherence to the treatment. Recent data indicate that cosmetic treatment of human immunodeficiency virus-related facial lipoatrophy with injectable facial rejuvenators can improve quality of life in these patients. However, there is a dearth of quality-of-life data on patients who undergo facial rejuvenation procedures using the newer injectable devices, such as hyaluronic acid, calcium hydroxylapatite, and poly-L-lactic acid. Future studies should focus on developing standardized tests to assess quality of life in patients undergoing facial rejuvenation interventions. More data obtained from validated assessment tools are needed to systematically evaluate the effects specific treatments have on satisfying the needs of the cosmetic patient. © 2008 Dermatology Online Journal. ER  - 
Pharmacological characterization and mechanisms of the novel antidepressive- and/or anxiolytic-like substances identified from Perillae Herba; The leaves of Perilla frutescens Britton var. acuta Kudo (Perillae Herba) are commonly found in traditional oriental herbal medicines, which are primarily used to treat depression and anxiety-related disorders. We have recently identified rosmarinic acid as well as its major metabolite caffeic acid as novel antidepressive and/or anxiolytic-like substances from components within Perillae Herba. The present article will review our previous findings and also provide a view of future studies. Behavioral as well as analytical studies have demonstrated that first, the extracts from Perillae Herba, which produced an antidepressive-like effect in the forced swimming test, contained abundant rosmarinic acid; second, the extracts from another species of Perillae Herba, which contains only low levels of rosmarinic acid, did not have an antidepressive-activity; third, rosmarinic acid and caffeic acid themselves also produced an antidepressive-like effect; finally, both compounds showed an anxiolytic-like activity in the conditioned fear stress test. Neurochemical studies have also revealed that neither rosmarinic acid nor caffeic acid affects the uptake of monoamines or monoamine oxidase activity, which may underlie the therapeutic value of existing clinically effective antidepressants. Furthermore, it has been found in the recent study that caffeic acid produces antidepressive- and/or anxiolytic-like effects through the modulation of the α1A-adrenoceptor-mediated signal transductions and also attenuates the down-regulation of BDNF transcription that results from the exposure to forced swimming stress. These results suggest that rosmarinic acid and caffeic acid may produce antidepressive- and/or anxiolytic-like effects via some mechanism(s) other than those of drugs that now clinically used. Therefore, further studies on the mechanisms involved in the antidepressive- and/or anxiolytic-like properties of both substances could help to explain the pathophysiology underlying depression and anxiety disorders, and pave the way for the development of new therapeutic drugs. ER  - 
Anterior optic neuropathy associated with adalimumab; Purpose: Our purpose was to report a case of anterior optic neuropathy with pupillary edema in a patient treated with the TNF-α-antagonist adalimumab. Methods: We report the case of a 60-year-old woman with optic neuropathy in 1 eye after 6 months of treatment with adalimumab. Results: The patient developed decreased visual acuity of the left eye. The ocular findings were left optic disc swelling and bleeding at the rim, superior visual field depression in both eyes and left afferent pupillary defect. Adalimumab was discontinued and the visual acuity recovered slowly. Conclusions: Like infliximab, the modern TNF-α antagonist adalimumab is associated with optic neuropathy. Ophthalmologists should thus be alert when seeing patients treated with adalimumab. Copyright © 2008 S. Karger AG. ER  - 
Case-report of Acute intermittent porphyria presenting with behavioral disturbances; Introduction: Acute intermittent porphyria is an autosomal dominant disorder caused by the reduction in the activity of hydroxymethylbilane synthetase - also reffered to before as porphobilinogen deaminase, to half of its potential [1]. Exogenous factors can trigger the disease and precipitate the attacks: certain porphyrinogenic drugs, steroids, infections, and excessive dieting [2]. The enzyme defects can be proven in most of the heterozygous subjects, but the clinical expression of this type of porphyria is very heterogenous: from abdominal pain to neurological symptoms including peripheral neuropathy and psychiatric symptoms like anxiety, depression, insomnia, hallucinations, paranoid delusions, finishing with seizures caused by hyponatremia, autonomic neuropathy symptoms and difuse pain syndrome [3]. Case history: A 28 years-old caucasian male, having a two years younger sister deceased one year ago: encephalo-polyradiculoneuritis with paraplegia, presented during the last year periodic attacks of intense abdominal pain, meteorism, nausea, vomiting, difuse muscle pain, low fever, symptoms that mimic an accute inflammatory abdominal disease. The patient was hospitalized four times in local and regional surgical departments, undergoing three surgical procedures: acute appendicitis, abdominal wall and pericaecal abscess, bowel subocclusion and the laboratory findings demonstrated leucocytosis, mild anaemia, unspecific inflamatory syndrome. The imaging studies, showed important pneumocolon as unique finding. The patient received antibiotics, antiinflammatory and prokinetic drugs. During the last surgical hospitalization he develops episodes of psychomotor agitation, insomnia, behavioral disturbances comprising irritability, low frustration tolerance, inappropriate conduct (throwing himself on the floor, hitting the other patients) in a patient with no history for beahvioral issues, for these reasons he was reffered to a psychiatric service. During the two days of treatment with 400 mg a day of carbamazepine as behavioral regulator, he starts complaining of intense muscle pain, asthenia and presenting severe tetraparesis, urinary incontinence, constipation, tachicardia, high blood pressure, fever (38°C). The laboratory findings showed hyponatremia (Na =121mEq/l), uroporphyrine = 1563μg/24h, coproporphyrine = 229.4 μg/24h, PBG ++++. The diagnosis of acute porphyria is confirmed by the clinical and laboratory findings, as well as by the EMG. The patient was transferred to the ICU and intubated. After initiating treatment with hem IV (Human Hemine) the patient's status significantly improved, detubation was possible within 10 days and the patient was stable both physicaly and mentally. At the present time the patient continues to be stable respecting the restrictions imposed by the diagnosis. Discussion: The peculiarity of this case report consists in the association of acute intermittent porphyria with psychiatric symptoms comprising behavioral disturbances symptoms which initially raised the suspicion regarding a personality disorder - borderline type on axis II, according to DSM IV, not confirmed by the patient's history, the psychiatric examination and the psychological evaluation made in our service. Conclusion: We presented this case in order to point the importance of a complete differential diagnosis in psychiatry, in a case report which was a challenge for our team. Therefore, we encourage a high index of suspicion for acute intermittent porphyria in psychiatric patients in order to prevent false psychiatric diagnosis. ER  - 
A link between stress and depression: Shifts in the balance between the kynurenine and serotonin pathways of tryptophan metabolism and the etiology and pathophysiology of depression; Alteration of tryptophan (TRP) metabolism elicited by proinflammatory cytokines has gained attention as a new concept to explain the etiological and pathophysiological mechanisms of major depression. The kynurenine (KYN) pathway, which is initiated by indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase (IDO), is the main TRP metabolic pathway. It shares TRP with the serotonin (5-HT) pathway. Proinflammatory cytokines induce IDO under stress, promote the KYN pathway, deprive the 5-HT pathway of TRP, and reduce 5-HT synthesis. The resultant decrease in 5-HT production may relate to the monoamine hypothesis of major depression. Furthermore, metabolites of the KYN pathway have neurotoxic/neuroprotective activities; 3-hydroxykynurenine and quinolinic acid are neurotoxic, whereas kynurenic acid is neuroprotective. The hippocampal atrophy that appears in chronic depression may be associated with imbalances in neurotoxic/neuroprotective activities. Because proinflammatory cytokines also activate the hypothalamo-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis, these imbalances may inhibit the hippocampal negative feedback system. Thus, changes in the TRP metabolism may also relate to the HPA axis-hyperactivity hypothesis of major depression. In this article, we review the changes in TRP metabolism by proinflammatory cytokines under stress, which is assumed to be a risk factor for major depression, and the relationship between physiological risk factors for major depression and proinflammatory cytokines. © 2008 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Pharmacology of Schisandra chinensis Bail.: An overview of Russian research and uses in medicine; Schisandra chinensis (Turcz.) Bail. is often referred to as an example of a medicinal plant with use in modern Chinese medicine. However, Schisandra chinensis first gained recognition as an adaptogen in the official medicine of the USSR in the early 1960s, principally as a result of the large number of pharmacological and clinical studies carried out by Russian scientists in the preceding two decades. Schizandra has now secured an established position within the medicine of Russia/USSR as evidenced by the inclusion of the drug in recent editions of the National Pharmacopoeia of the USSR and in the State Register of Drugs. Pharmacological studies on animals have shown that Schizandra increases physical working capacity and affords a stress-protective effect against a broad spectrum of harmful factors including heat shock, skin burn, cooling, frostbite, immobilisation, swimming under load in an atmosphere with decreased air pressure, aseptic inflammation, irradiation, and heavy metal intoxication. The phytoadaptogen exerts an effect on the central nervous, sympathetic, endocrine, immune, respiratory, cardiovascular, gastrointestinal systems, on the development of experimental atherosclerosis, on blood sugar and acid-base balance, and on uterus myotonic activity. Studies on isolated organs, tissues, cells and enzymes have revealed that Schizandra preparations exhibit strong antioxidant activities and affect smooth muscles, arachidonic acid release, biosynthesis of leukotriene B4 in leukocytes, platelet activating factor activity, carbohydrate-phosphorus metabolism, the formation of heat shock protein and polyamines, tissue respiration and oxygen consumption, and the tolerance of an organism to oxygen intoxication. In healthy subjects, Schizandra increases endurance and accuracy of movement, mental performance and working capacity, and generates alterations in the basal levels of nitric oxide and cortisol in blood and saliva with subsequent effects on the blood cells, vessels and CNS. Numerous clinical trials have demonstrated the efficiency of Schizandra in asthenia, neuralgic and psychiatric (neurosis, psychogenic depression, astheno-depressive states, schizophrenia and alcoholism) disorders, in impaired visual function, hypotension and cardiotonic disorders, in epidemic waves of influenza, in chronic sinusitis, otitis, neuritis and otosclerosis, in pneumonia, radioprotection of the fetoplacental system of pregnant women, allergic dermatitis, acute gastrointestinal diseases, gastric hyper- and hypo-secretion, chronic gastritis, stomach and duodenal ulcers, wound healing and trophic ulcers. This review describes the considerable diversity of pharmacological effects of Schisandra chinensis reported in numerous studies carried out in the former USSR and which have been confirmed over more than 40 years of use of the plant as an official medicinal remedy. Such knowledge can be applied in the expansion of the use of Schizandra in the pharmacotherapy of European and other countries as well as for the further discovery of new drugs based on the lignans that constitute the main secondary metabolites of this plant. © 2008 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The role of eicosanoids in the brain.; The brain contains two main polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), arachidonic acid (AA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). These PUFA are located almost exclusively in the sn2-position of phosphoglycerides which are found in the neural cell membranes. Liberation of these PUFA from the phosphoglycerides occurs via the action of specific phospholipases (PLA2). Free AA can be metabolised by cyclooxygenases to prostaglandins and thromboxane, while both AA and DHA can be metabolised by lipoxygenases to form hydroxy derivatives and leukotrienes. AA is also metabolised to lipoxins via the 5-lipoxygenase pathway. The eicosanoids formed play important roles in neural function including sleep induction (PGD2), long term potentiation, spatial learning and synaptic plasticity (PGE2), resolution of inflammation (lipoxins) and anti-inflammatory and neuroprotective bioactivity (dihydroxy-docosatriene, neuroprotectin D1, formed from DHA). COX-inhibitors have been shown to reduce oxidative stress and cognitive impairment. Additionally, drugs which are used to treat depression have been shown to reduce the turnover of AA to PGE2 in the brain. Diets deficient in omega 3 PUFA lead to reduced DHA in the brain and increased turnover of AA to eicosanoids, an effect which is overcome by restoring the omega 3 PUFA to the diet. In neural trauma and neurodegenerative diseases, there is a dramatic rise in the levels of AA-derived eicosanoids. In contrast, DHA-derived compounds can prevent neuroinflammation. Clearly, the eicosanoids are very important for the normal functioning of the brain, while the PUFA themselves are important in membrane structure and function. ER  - 
Depressive symptoms during pregnancy in relation to fish consumption and intake of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids; An inverse association between depression and the n-3 fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), primarily obtained from fish consumption, is observed in both observational and experimental research and is biologically plausible. Study objectives were to examine whether prenatal depressive symptoms were associated with lower intakes of fish or EPA+DHA. Pregnant women (n = 2394) completed a telephone interview between 10 and 22 weeks' gestation in London, Ontario, 2002-05. Depressive symptoms were measured using the Center for Epidemiologic Studies - Depression Scale (CES-D). Intakes of fish and EPA+DHA were measured using a validated food-frequency questionnaire. Sequential multiple regression was used to examine associations of depressive symptoms with intake of fish and EPA+DHA, respectively, while controlling for sociodemographic, health and lifestyle variables. The mean CES-D score was 9.9 (SD 8.0). Intake of EPA+DHA was dichotomised at the median value of 85 mg/day. Fish consumption and intake of EPA+DHA were not associated with prenatal depressive symptoms after adjustment for confounders; however, depressive symptoms were significantly higher for lower intakes of EPA+DHA among current smokers and women of single/separated/divorced marital status. The adjusted difference in CES-D scores between intake categories of EPA+DHA was -2.4 [95% CI -4.2, -0.4] for current smokers and -2.8 [95% CI -5.2, -0.4] for women of single marital status. Although pregnant women may be at risk for low concentrations of EPA and DHA, an association between low intakes of EPA+DHA and increased depressive symptoms was only observed among current smokers and women of single marital status. © 2008 The Authors. ER  - 
Histamine and antihistamines; Histamine is one of the most extensively studied biological amines in medicine. It stimulates smooth muscle contraction and gastric acid secretion, increases vascular permeability, functions as a neurotransmitter, and plays various roles in immunomodulation, inflammation, haematopoiesis and cell proliferation. Moreover, it plays a pivotal role in the pathogenesis of allergic inflammation. Histamine exerts its biological effects through four G-protein-coupled receptors designated H1-H4. H1 and H2 receptors are widely distributed, whereas H3 receptors are mainly presynaptic and H4 receptors are mainly haematopoietic. H1 antihistamines are classified as first-generation and second-generation compounds. First-generation H1 antihistamines lack H1 specificity and cross the blood-brain barrier, causing sedation. Second-generation H1 antihistamines are less sedating and highly H1 selective. First- and second-generation H1 antihistamines have well-documented anti-allergic and anti-inflammatory effects and are well established as first- or second-line treatments for a variety of allergic disorders including allergic rhinitis, urticaria and atopic dermatitis. First-generation drugs are also used in the treatment of vestibular disorders and can be used as sedatives, sleeping aids and anti-emetics. H2 antihistamines are widely used in the treatment of gastric acid-related disorders; however, proton pump inhibitors are becoming the drugs of first choice in some of these disorders. H3 antihistamines are expected to be of potential value in the treatment of narcolepsy, obesity, Parkinson's disease, depression, Alzheimer's disease and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. Moreover, evidence from preclinical trials indicates that H4 antihistamines could be of therapeutic benefit in the management of various immune and inflammatory disorders. © 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The coadministration of paroxetine and low-dose aspirin synergistically enhances gastric ulcerogenic risk in rats; Paroxetine is often coadministered with low-dose aspirin to treat cerebral infarction patients with depression. In order to assess the ulcerogenic risk induced by the coadministration of these drugs, we examined their effects on gastric secretion using the pylorus ligation method and determined the prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) content in the gastric mucosa using enzyme immunoassay (EIA). Paroxetine stimulated the gastric fluid secretion and acid output, dose-dependently, however, it had no effect on the PGE2 content in the gastric mucosa. Furthermore, exogenous serotonin inhibited both the gastric fluid secretion and the acid output. The coadministration of low-dose aspirin and paroxetine significantly enhanced the gastric fluid secretion and acid output, thus resulting in gastric bleeding, but it hardly affected the PGE2 content in the gastric mucosa. The stimulation of gastric secretion by the coadministration of low-dose aspirin and paroxetine is therefore considered to play an important role in the development of gastric injuries. © 2008 Pharmaceutical Society of Japan. ER  - 
Rosmarinic acid from perillae herba produces an antidepressant-like effect in mice through cell proliferation in the hippocampus; Rosmarinic acid (RA) is one of major polyphenolic ingredients of Perillae Herba (a leaf of Perilla frutescens), and has an antidepressant-like property in animal models of depression. However, the mechanism(s) underlying this activity are unknown. Recent studies have reported that regulation of hippocampal neurogenesis is associated with the pathogenesis of depression. To elucidate the mode of action of RA-induced antidepressantlike activity, proliferative effect of RA on newborn cells in the dentate gyrus of mouse hippocampus was investigated using immunohistochemical analysis with bromodeoxyuridine (BrdU), a marker of proliferating cells. RA treatment for 7 or 14 d significantly increased in the number of BrdU-positive cells in inverse correlation with significant reductions in immobility in a forced swimming test, an animal model of depression, in a dose-dependent manner. However, locomotor activities were not affected. These results suggest that RA produces an antidepressant-like effect at least in part via the proliferation of newborn cells in the dentate gyrus of the hippocampus. © 2008 Pharmaceutical Society of Japan. ER  - 
The emerging role of docosahexaenoic acid in neuroinflammation; Epidemiological studies have linked fish consumption to lower rates of neurological diseases. Fish contains high levels of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA), and several lines of evidence suggest that the n-3 PUFA docosahexaenoic acid (DHA; 22:6n-3) acts in the brain via anti-apoptotic and neurotrophic pathways. In addition, DHA may act through anti-neuroinflammatory pathways, as DHA possesses anti-inflammatory properties in the periphery. Evidence from animal models has indicated that DHA and its derivatives (resolvin D1 and protectin D1) attenuate colitis, peritonitis and ischemic stroke. n-3 PUFA deprivation in rats decreases brain levels of DHA and increases markers of the brain arachidonic acid (20:4n-6) cascade, a proinflammatory pathway. Thus, chronic low intake of n-3 PUFA may predispose the brain to weak anti-inflammatory, as well as strong proinflammatory signals. Neurological disorders, including Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease and major depression, display a neuroinflammatory component. n-3 PUFA supplementation, as well as drugs targeting brain PUFA metabolism, are promising candidates in the prevention and treatment of neurological disorders. © The Thomson Corporation. ER  - 
Efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy is associated with changing blood levels of homovanillic acid and brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) in refractory depressed patients: A pilot study; Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is effective for patients with antidepressant medication-resistant depression. However, the mechanisms of ECT's effectiveness for treating depression are not fully understood. We therefore investigated ECT's effects on blood levels of brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF), catecholamine metabolites, and nitric oxide (NO) in 18 treatment-refractory depressed patients. Serum BDNF levels increased significantly following ECT in responders to ECT (before ECT: 8.0 ± 9.7 ng/mL; five weeks after start of ECT: 15.1 ± 11.1 ng/mL), whereas BDNF levels in non-responders were unchanged (before ECT: 11.5 ± 11.0 ng/mL; five weeks after start of ECT: 9.4 ± 7.5 ng/mL). Furthermore, the plasma HVA levels, but not MHPG levels, were significantly reduced after ECT (before ECT: 8.5 ± 1.9 ng/mL; five weeks after start of ECT: 5.8 ± 2.2 ng/mL). This latter finding occurred in parallel with the improvement of depressive symptoms in all patients. These results suggest that the mechanisms underlying ECT's effect on refractory depression may be related to dopaminergic neurons and BDNF. © 2008. ER  - 
Chondroitin sulfate and kallikrein in saliva: Markers for glossodynia; Glossodynia or burning mouth syndrome is a multifunctional disorder. The oral mucosa is apparently normal but patients report burning and dried mouth and painful tongue and lips. The present study reports biochemical and physiological markers in saliva of patients presenting glossodynia compared to normal subjects. Saliva-buffering capacity and contents of protein and hyaluronic (HA) acid were similar in both groups. In contrast, chondroitin sulfate (CS) concentration was decreased in the saliva of patients with glossodynia when compared to control group (p = 0.0036). On the other hand glandular kallikrein showed increased activity in the saliva of patients compared to normal subjects (p < 0.0001). The data suggest involvement of the kinin system, possibly related to the low levels of CS. Depression could explain the low level of serotonin in patient serum (p = 0.0478). © 2008 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Omega-3 fatty acids for bipolar disorder; Background: Bipolar disorder is a complex psychiatric disorder and is amongst the top thirty causes of worldwide disability. Mood stabilisers are the primary pharmacological intervention, both in the treatment of acute episodes and in prophylaxis. There is, however, mounting evidence that dietary supplementation with omega-3 fatty acids may be beneficial in psychiatric conditions, particularly those involving disturbances of mood. Objectives: To review the efficacy of omega-3 fatty acids as either a monotherapy or an adjunctive treatment for bipolar disorder. Search strategy: Electronic searches of the following databases were performed: CCDANCTR-Studies and CCDANCTR-References were searched on 12/2/2008, Supplementary searches were carried out on Biological Abstracts, CINAHL, The Cochrane Library, CCDAN Register, EMBASE, MEDLINE, and PsycINFO. The search strategy also included cited reference searching, personal contact with all authors of studies initially included and contact with the omega-3 producing pharmaceutical companies. Selection criteria: All relevant randomised controlled trials were included in the review. Studies involving males and females of all ages with a diagnosis of bipolar disorder qualified for inclusion. Studies using any type or dose of omega-3 fatty acid treatment as monotherapy or in addition to standard pharmacotherapy were eligible. The primary outcome was symptom severity; and secondary outcomes were adverse effects, dropout and satisfaction with treatment. Data collection and analysis: Two review authors independently inspected the citations identified from the search. Potentially relevant abstracts were identified and full papers ordered and reassessed for inclusion and methodological quality. All relevant data were extracted. The weighted mean difference (WMD) was used for continuous outcome data, with 95% confidence intervals (CI). Main results: Five studies met inclusion criteria for the review, however, methodological quality was highly variable. Only one study, involving 75 participants, provided data for analysis, and showed a benefit of active treatment over control for depression symptom levels (WMD - 3.93, 95% CI -7.00 to -0.86) and Clinical Global Impression scores (WMD -0.75, 95% CI -1.33 to -0.17) but not for mania (WMD -2.81, 95% CI -7.68 to 1.90). No serious adverse effects were reported in the five studies. The pattern of dropout was highly variable between studies. Authors' conclusions: Results from one study showed positive effects of omega-3 as an adjunctive treatment for depressive but not manic symptoms in bipolar disorder. These findings must be regarded with caution owing to the limited data available. There is an acute need for well-designed and executed randomised controlled trials in this field. Copyright © 2008 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
A case of sycosis candidiasis on the upper lip; A 72 year-old man was referred to our department with white curd-like material on the surface of his tongue as well as the mucosal surface of the lower lip, after unsuccessful treatment with itraconazole for 3 weeks. He also had a history of depression and had received topical steroid and/or antibiotics treatment for persistent oral aphtha and irritation of his upper lip for 4 years. A diagnosis of oral candidiasis was made through positive KOH direct microscopic examination and he was instructed to rinse his oral mucosal lesion with amphotericin B syrup. Although no significant eruption was observed on his upper lip at his first visit, he applied the steroid ointment for 4 weeks and came back to our clinic with his upper lip red and swollen. It was also covered with yellow crusty material mixed with a pustule. Histological examination of the lips revealed non-specific chronic inflammation in the mid to lower dermis. Hyphae in the cornea detected by PAS and Grocott staining. KOH direct microscopic examination from the pustule and crust showed positive pseudohyphae although no sign of parasitism to the hair was seen. Candida albicans and Candida parapsilosis were detected by culture from the crust and a biopsy sample. He was successfully treated with 2 courses of pulse therapy of oral itraconazole for sycosis candidiasis, accompanied by 2% miconazole gel for oral candidiasis. ER  - 
Immune activation and depression in the elderly; - Besides the monoamine hypothesis, the stress hypothesis and the vascular hypothesis, the inflammatory hypothesis might be an etiological explanation for late-life depression. There is a growing amount of evidence to support this hypothesis. - In animal studies, injection with cytokines was shown to cause behavioural changes ('sickness behaviour') similar to depressive symptoms in humans. Cytokine treatment of certain tumours and chronic hepatitis can also cause depressive symptoms. - The prevalence of depression in patients with autoimmune diseases is higher than in the general population. Etanercept had a favourable effect on the depressive symptoms in patients with psoriasis, independent of improvement of physical symptoms. - Cytokines affect the hypothalamus-pituitary-adrenal axis and cerebral neurotransmitter systems, both of which are thought to be involved in depression. - Immune activation has been associated with depression, and several anti-depressive treatments affect immune parameters, although inconsistently. - Since the aging process is associated with a dysregulation of the immune system, the inflammation hypothesis might be particularly true in late-life depression. ER  - 
Purulent pericarditis with Salmonella enteritidis in a patient with CD4/CD8 depression; A 65-year-old man was admitted for high-grade fever with a shaking chill and general fatigue. Chest X-ray showed cardiomegaly, and echocardiography revealed a large amount of pericardial effusion. Emergency pericardiocentesis was performed, and Salmonella enteritidis was found in pericardial fluids. We diagnosed purulent pericarditis with S. enteritidis, and administered antibiotics. While high-grade fever resolved 10 days after beginning of treatment, effusive-constrictive pericarditis (ECP) without definite symptoms persisted for 2 months. Because of the improvement of his hemodynamic states on cardiac catheterization after 1 year, an operative procedure was not required. He was diagnosed as having CD4/CD8 depression without apparent diseases. There are few reports of pericarditis with S. enteritidis, and we believe this case might be only the second recorded case of ECP with S. enteritidis. © 2008 Japanese College of Cardiology. ER  - 
Does minocycline have antidepressant effect?; Only one-third of patients undergoing monotherapy with an antidepressant achieve remission of their depressive symptoms and gain functional recovery. Therefore, further exploration of antidepressant mechanisms of action is important in order to facilitate the development of antidepressants with new modes of action. Preclinical and clinical studies have demonstrated that major depression is associated with impaired inflammatory responses and deficient neuroprotection. In this regard, we propose that the second-generation tetracycline "minocycline" may hold a potential as a new treatment for major depression. Emerging findings in animal and human studies of minocycline reveal that it has antidepressant-like neuroprotective and anti-inflammatory actions, and minocycline has been shown to perform as an antidepressant in an accepted animal model (forced swimming test). Anecdotal evidence supports minocycline's efficacy for augmentation of antidepressants in major depressive disorder. The following review describes the evidence supporting the consideration of minocycline as a potential antidepressant. We suggest that minocycline may be particularly helpful in patients with depression and comorbid cognitive impairment, as well as depression associated with organic brain disease. We also describe the antinociceptive effect of minocycline and propose a role for minocycline in the treatment of patients with major depression and prominent somatic discomfort and somatoform spectrum disorders. The lack of clinical studies of minocycline for depression is noted. Further studies of the potential therapeutic mechanism of minocycline and its therapeutic implications for major depression are warranted, and may substantially contribute to the development of newer and more effective antidepressants. © 2007 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved. ER  - 
A psychoneuroimmunological perspective to Emil Kraepelins dichotomy: Schizophrenia and major depression as inflammatory CNS disorders; The Kraepelinian classification of psychiatric disorders, in particular the dichotomy of dementia praecox and manic-depressive psychosis is under discussion since a long time. In recent years, not only new research in the fields of psychopathology and clinical outcome, but also findings of biological markers in the areas of neurophysiology, neuroendocrinology, psychoneuroimmunology, genetics, or psychopharmacology show a big overlap between both groups of disorders. This overlap of symptoms and markers of both disorders intensified the discussion and the proposals for new criteria for the classification of psychiatric disorders. By means of findings from the field of psychoneuroimmunology and inflammation it will be shown that different pathological mechanisms in depression and schizophrenia may lead to the same final common pathway of inflammation. These mechanisms include the immunological balance between type-1 and type-2 immune activation which influences the tryptophan-degradating enzyme indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase (IDO) in the CNS in opposite ways, leading to an altered availability of tryptophan and serotonin, and a disturbance of the kynurenine metabolism with an imbalance in favor of the production of the NMDA-receptor agonist quinolinic acid in depression and of the NMDA-receptor antagonist kynurenic acid in schizophrenia. In both disorders, however, an increased production of prostaglandin E2 and increased expression of cyclo-oxygenase-2 reflect a slight inflammatory process taking place probably in different regions of the CNS. Albeit this common inflammatory pathway-inflammation is a general pathway of the body as answer to a lot of different noxae and pathogens-the Kraepelinian dichotomy is important with respect to pathological mechanisms and therapeutic approaches, not only for further research in understanding the exact pathological mechanisms but also for the development of preventive strategies in high risk individuals and in patients. Opposite pathways regarding the immune activation, the neurotoxic versus neuroprotective kynurenine metabolites and the agonistic versus antagonistic effects on the NMDA receptor and the glutamatergic neurotransmission show despite a possible therapeutic advantage of anti-inflammatory therapy in both disorders that the Kraepelinian dichotomy still has a significant value from a biologic-psychiatric point of view. © 2008 Springer. ER  - 
Acetyl-L-carnitine and α-lipoic acid: Possible neurotherapeutic agents for mood disorders?; Background: Mood disorders are associated with decrements in cognitive function, which are insufficiently treated with contemporary pharmacotherapies. Objectives: To evaluate the putative neurotherapeutic effects of the mitochondrial cofactors, L-carnitine, acetyl-L-carnitine, and α-lipoic acid; and to provide a rationale for investigating their efficacy in the treatment of neurocognitive deficits associated with mood disorders. Methods: A PubMed search of English-language articles published between January 1966 and March 2007 was conducted using the search terms carnitine and lipoic acid. Results: L-carnitine and α-lipoic acid may offer neurotherapeutic effects (e.g., neurocognitive enhancement) via disparate mechanisms including antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and metabolic regulation. Preliminary controlled trials in depressed geriatric populations also suggest an antidepressant effect with acetyl-L-carnitine. Conclusions: L-carnitine and α-lipoic acid are pleiotropic agents capable of offering neuroprotective and possibly cognitive-enhancing effects for neuropsychiatric disorders in which cognitive deficits are an integral feature. © 2008 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Toxicological effects of diclofenac in four avian species; The objective of the present study was to investigate the toxico-pathological effects of diclofenac in different avian species including broiler chicks (Gallus gallus, 15 days old), pigeons (Columba livia, 3 months old), Japanese quail (Coturnix japonica, 4 weeks old) and mynah (Acridotheres tristis, independent young). For each species, five groups each containing 10 birds were maintained and administered diclofenac sodium orally at dose rates of 0, 0.25, 2.5, 10 and 20 mg/kg body weight, respectively, for seven consecutive days. Clinical signs in all species included depression, somnolence, decreased body weight and mortality. Severity of clinical disease increased in a dose-related manner and was most severe in broiler chicks, followed by pigeons, Japanese quail, and was least severe in mynah. Serum creatinine levels were elevated in all species. Serum urea levels varied non-significantly in broiler birds, significantly decreased in pigeons and significantly elevated in Japanese quail and mynah. Broiler chicks and pigeons administered 10 and 20 mg diclofenac/kg had visceral gout; however, this was not observed in Japanese quail and mynah. The kidneys and liver were enlarged in all species. Histologically, the kidneys of all species showed acute renal necrosis and the livers had fatty change and necrosis of hepatocytes. The kidneys and liver of broiler chicks and pigeons given 10 and 20 mg/kg diclofenac also exhibited uric acid crystal aggregates (tophi) and associated lesions in the parenchyma. © 2008 Houghton Trust Ltd. ER  - 
Inflammation, glutamate, and glia in depression: A literature review; Multiple lines of evidence suggest that inflammation and glutamate dysfunction contribute to the pathophysiology of depression. In this review we provide an overview of how these two systems may interact. Excess levels of inflammatory mediators occur in a subgroup of depressed patients. Studies of acute experimental activation of the immune system with endotoxin and of chronic activation during interferon-α treatment show that inflammation can cause depression. Peripheral inflammation leads to microglial activation which could interfere with excitatory amino acid metabolism leading to inappropriate glutamate receptor activation. Loss of astroglia, a feature of depression, upsets the balance of anti- and pro-inflammatory mediators and further impairs the removal of excitatory amino acids. Microglia activated by excess inflammation, astroglial loss, and inappropriate glutamate receptor activation ultimately disrupt the delicate balance of neuroprotective versus neurotoxic effects in the brain, potentially leading to depression. ER  - 
Tolerability and safety profile of 12- to 28-week treatment with interferon beta-1b 250 and 500 μg QOD in patients with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis: A multicenter, randomized, double-blind, parallel-group pilot study; Background: It is not known whether the currently available treatment regimen of interferon beta-1b (IFN2-1b) 250 μg provides the maximum benefit possible in the treatment of relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (RRMS), or whether higher doses of IFN2-1b will prove to be more beneficial. Objective: The objective of the present study was to evaluate the tolerability and safety profile of IFN2-1b 500 μg compared with the currently approved 250-μg dose. Methods: A multicenter, randomized, double-blind, parallel-group pilot study was carried out to compare IFN2-1b 250 μg with IFN2-1b 500 μg, both self-administered SC QOD for ≥ 12 weeks in patients with RRMS. Patients in both groups started with 25% (0.25 mL) of their final dose and were scheduled to increase the dose by 0.25 mL every 2 weeks, so that the full dose (1.0 mL, 250 μg or 500 μg) would be reached by week 7. The primary outcome measure was the percentage of patients experiencing each of the following adverse events (AEs): influenza-like symptoms (general term used to code the presence of>1 symptom typical of influenza), fever, myalgia, asthenia, headache, injection-site reactions, injection-site pain, or liver or hematologic abnormalities. All patients underwent a priori magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) with 0.1 mmol/kg gadolinium (Gd)-diethylenetriaminepentaacetic acid as contrast medium at screening and at week 12. MRI evaluation was included as a safety measure to monitor for excessive new disease not visible through clinical symptoms. Results: Seventy-seven patients were assessed for inclusion in the study. Of these, 6 patients were screening failures and the remaining 71 were randomized to treatment (38-250 and 33-500 μg IFN2-1b). The uneven numbers in the groups were a consequence of the randomization process. Two patients in the 250-μg group (withdrawal of consent) and 1 in the 500-μg group (not completing follow-up visit) prematurely discontinued medication. The demographic characteristics were not significantly different between the 250-μg (n = 38; mean [SD] age, 37.9 [8.3] years; weight, 83.5 [19.0] kg; height, 168.4 [9.3] cm) and 500-μg (n = 33; mean [SD] age, 37.8 [7.7] years; weight, 82.3 [19.5] kg; height, 169.9 [10.5] cm) treatment groups. The patients in both groups were mostly white (87% and 73%, respectively). Baseline Expanded Disability Status Scale scores also were not significantly different between the 2 groups (mean [SD] score, 2.8 [1.4] vs 2.0 [1.4], respectively). In the IFN2-1b 250-μg group, 97% of the patients titrated to the full dose at some point during the course of the study, compared with 91% of the 500-μg group (P = NS). A dose-response effect was observed in some of the more frequent AEs (no. [%]) that included influenza-like syndrome (250-μg group, 13 [34] vs 500-μg group, 16 [48]), asthenia (13 [34] vs 16 [48], respectively), headache (12 [32] vs 12 [36]), myalgia (10 [26] vs 13 [39]), hypesthesia (10 [26] vs 11 [33]), nausea (6 [16] vs 8 [24]), paresthesia (6 [16] vs 8 [24]), myasthenia (4 [11] vs 8 [24]), chills (3 [8] vs 6 [18]), depression (3 [8] vs 5 [15]), back pain (2 [5] vs 5 [15]), increased liver enzymes (4 [11] vs 6 [18]), lymphopenia (4 [11] vs 3 [9]), fever (2 [5] vs 4 [12]), and pain in extremities (1 [3] vs 4 [12]). The between-group incidence of injection-site reactions was not significantly different. No new or unexpected AEs were recorded. Changes in MRI parameters between screening and 12 weeks were not significantly different between dose groups; these included median T2 lesion volume, median Gd-enhancedlesionvolume,medianGd-enhancedlesion number, and mean number of newly active lesions. Conclusions: IFN2-1b 500 μg administered SC QOD was generally well tolerated in these patients with RRMS. Large, randomized controlled studies are needed to determine if there are significant differences in MRI end points between the 250- and 500-μg doses. © 2008 Excerpta Medica Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
ω-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids might be useful to prevent and treat depression in type 2 diabetes mellitus; Aims: Evidence strongly suggests that depression is more common in people with Type 2 diabetes mellitus. However, depression is underdetected and there is considerable room to improve the effectiveness of pharmacological antidepressant agents, as in only 50-60% of the depressed subjects with diabetes does pharmacotherapy lead to remission of depression. The aim of the present paper was to review whether polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) of the ω-3 family could be used for the prevention and treatment of depression in Type 2 diabetes. Methods: Medline database and published reference lists were used to identify studies that examined the associations between ω-3 PUFA and depression. To examine potential side-effects, such as on glycaemic control, studies regarding the use of ω-3 supplements in Type 2 diabetes were also reviewed. Results: Epidemiological and clinical studies suggest that a high intake of ω-3 PUFA protects against the development of depression. There is also some evidence that a low intake of ω-3 is associated with an increased risk of Type 2 diabetes, but the results are less conclusive. Results from randomized controlled trials in non-diabetic subjects with major depression show that eicosapentaenoic acid is an effective adjunct treatment of depression, while docosahexanoic acid is not. Moreover, consumption of ω-3 PUFA reduces the risk of cardiovascular disease and may therefore indirectly decrease depression in Type 2 diabetes, via the reduction of cardiovascular complications. Conclusions: Supplementation with ω-3 PUFA, in particular eicosapentaenoic acid, may be a safe and helpful tool to reduce the incidence of depression and to treat depression in Type 2 diabetes. Further studies are now justified to test these hypotheses in patients with Type 2 diabetes. Copyrigth © Sociedad Iberoamericana de información Científica (SIIC), 2008. ER  - 
Air pollutant emission rates and concentrations in medieval churches; A series of indoor air quality parameters were determined in two medieval churches, in Cyprus (temperature, relative humidity, total and UV solar radiation, CO2 indoors and O3, NO, NO2*, HNO3*, HCl, HCOOH, CH3COOH indoors and outdoors). These data were used as input in a validated indoor air quality model to predict indoor air pollutant source strengths and species concentrations that resulted from dark or photochemical reactions. The NO and NO2 emission rates due to the burning of incense or candles were estimated. Model results revealed that heterogeneous NO formation takes place simultaneously with the heterogeneous HONO formation. Also, model application has shown that indoor NOx emissions resulted in decreased free radical concentrations, in contrast to the organic compound emissions, which increased free radical concentrations. This effect of indoor emissions on indoor radicals can partly explain the indoor enhancement/depression of indoor gaseous acid formation. © 2008 Springer Science+Business Media B.V. ER  - 
A genomic screen for off-target effects of selective cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitors; Depression of COX-2 derived vascular prostacyclin (PGI2) formation is the most plausible explanation for the cardiovascular hazard from NSAIDs, most evident in those selective for inhibition of COX-2. However, these drugs exhibit distinct and diverse effects in vitro, raising the possibility that “off target”effects might contribute to their cardiovascular risk profile at concentrations attained after clinical dosing in vivo. Cultured human aortic smooth muscle cells (hASMC) were stimulated with interleukin (IL)-1β (10 ng/ml) in the presence of rofecoxib (500 nM), celecoxib (500 nM) and vehicle and RNA expression profiles obtained at 5 time points (before treatment (-2hr), 0, 2, 8 and 24hr after IL-1/β stimulation). IL-1/β induced time- dependent formation of PGE2 and PGI2, but not of PGF2α and thromboxane (Tx) A2. Both rofecoxib and celecoxib suppressed induced PGE2 and PGI2 formation significantly at both 8 and 24 hr. Gene expression was evaluated on 52 Affy HG-U133A 2.0 arrays and analyzed using LIMMA. Following stimulation with IL-1/β, 10687 of 22216 probe sets were significantly changed in their expression (false discovery rate adjusted p <0.1). However, only 8 genes were differentially regulated between rofecoxib and celecoxib treatments at either of these time points. Celecoxib upregulated IL27RA vs rofecoxib and dowregulated TOP3A, CDK6, XPO4, DHRS3, PTGIS, LXN and GALNT12. Using Ingenuity Pathway Analysis software, a total of 50 regulatory networks were identified as IL-1β responsive. Eight of these were differentially regulated between rofecoxib and celecoxib (P < 0.05) including interferon signaling, G1/S cell cycle control and glycosphingolipid biosynthesis. Thus, our comprehensive and unbiased analysis provides evidence for a small number of potential “off-target”effects independent of COX-2 inhibition at concentrations of celecoxib and rofecoxib with proven selectivity for COX-2. (AHA 0430148N - T.G.; PO1 HL62250-G.A.F.). ER  - 
Evaluation of CNS activities of aerial parts of Cynodon dactylon Pers. in mice; The dried extracts of aerial parts of Cynodon dactylon Pers. (Graminae) were evaluated for CNS activities in mice. The ethanol extract of aerial parts of C. dactylon (EECD) was found to cause significant depression in general behavioral profiles in mice. EECD significantly potentiated the sleeping time in mice induced by standard hypnotics viz. pentobarbitone sodium, diazepam, and meprobamate in a dose dependant manner. EECD showed significant analgesic properties as evidenced by the significant reduction in the number of writhes and stretches induced in mice by 1.2% acetic acid solution. It also potentiated analgesia induced by morphine and pethidine in mice. EECD inhibited the onset and the incidence of convulsion in a dose dependent manner against pentylenetetrazole (PTZ)-induced convulsion. The present study indicates that EECD has significant CNS depressant activities. ER  - 
Leukocyte numbers and function in subjects eating n-3 enriched foods: Selective depression of natural killer cell levels; Introduction: While consumption of omega-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 LCPUFA) has been recommended for those at risk of inflammatory disease such as rheumatoid arthritis, the mechanism of their anti-inflammatory effect remains to be clearly defined, particularly in relation to the dose and type of n-3 LCPUFA. The objective of this study was to determine whether varying the levels of n-3 LCPUFA in erythrocyte membrane lipids, following dietary supplementation, is associated with altered numbers and function of circulating leukocytes conducive to protection against inflammation. Methods: In a double-blind and placebo-controlled study, 44 healthy subjects aged 23 to 63 years consumed either standard or n-3 LCPUFA-enriched versions of typical processed foods, the latter allowing a target daily consumption of 1 gram n-3 LCPUFA. After six months, peripheral blood leukocyte and subpopulation proportions and numbers were assessed by flow cytometry. Leukocytes were also examined for lymphoproliferation and cytokine production, neutrophil chemotaxis, chemokinesis, bactericidal, adherence and iodination activity. Erythrocytes were analyzed for fatty-acid content. Results: Erythrocyten-3 LCPUFA levels were higher and absolute leukocyte and lymphocyte numbers were lower in subjects consuming n-3 enriched foods than in controls. There were no changes in the number of neutrophils, monocytes, T cells (CD3+), T-cell subsets (CD4+, CD8+) and B cells (CD19+). However, natural killer (NK) (CD3-CD16+CD56+) cell numbers were lower in n-3 supplemented subjects than in controls and were inversely related to the amount of eicosapentaenoic acid or docosahexaenoic acid in erythrocytes. No significant correlations were found with respect to lymphocyte lymphoproliferation and production of IFN-γ and IL-2, but lymphotoxin production was higher with greater n-3 LCPUFA membrane content. Similarly, neutrophil chemotaxis, chemokinesis, bactericidal activity and adherence did not vary with changes in erythrocyte n-3 LCPUFA levels, but the iodination reaction was reduced with higher n-3 LCPUFA content. Conclusion: The data show that regular long-term consumption of n-3 enriched foods leads to lower numbers of NK cells and neutrophil iodination activity but higher lymphotoxin production by lymphocytes. These changes are consistent with decreased inflammatory reaction and tissue damage seen in patients with inflammatory disorders receiving n-3 LCPUFA supplementation. © 2008 Mukaro et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Plasma eicosapentaenoic acid is inversely associated with severity of depressive symptomatology in the elderly: Data from the Bordeaux sample of the Three-City Study; Background: Depressive symptoms are commonly observed in elderly people, and nutritional factors such as polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) have been proposed as potential protective determinants of depressive disorders. Objective: The objective was to analyze the relation between plasma fatty acids and severity of depressive symptomatology (DS) in French elderly community dwellers. Design: The study population (mean age: 74.6 y) consisted of 1390 subjects from Bordeaux (France) included in the Three-City Study cohort. DS was evaluated by using the Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression scale. The use of antidepressant drugs was recorded. The proportion of each plasma fatty acid was determined. Cross-sectional analysis of the association between plasma fatty acids and severity of DS was performed by multilinear regression. Results: Compared with control subjects, subjects with DS were older, were more often women, were more often widowed or single, were of lower income, were receiving antidepressant treatment more frequently, had a lower incidence of hypercholesterolemia, and had lower Mini-Mental State Examination scores (mean: -1.1 point; P < 0.0001). Plasma eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) was lower in the subjects with DS than in the control subjects (0.85% compared with 1.01%; P = 0.001). There were no significant differences in any other fatty acid. When adjusted for potential confounders, such as sociodemographic characteristics and health indicators, plasma EPA was inversely associated with the severity of DS (β = -0.170, P = 0.040) in subjects taking antidepressants. Conclusion: Higher plasma EPA was associated with a lower severity of DS in elderly subjects, especially those taking antidepressants. © 2008 American Society for Nutrition. ER  - 
Patient-reported outcomes and health-care resource utilization in patients with psoriasis treated with etanercept: Continuous versus interrupted treatment; Objective: The 24-week Etanercept Assessment of Safety and Effectiveness (EASE) study evaluated the effectiveness and tolerability of continuous versus interrupted etanercept treatment in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. The objective of this analysis was to assess patient-reported outcomes (PROs) and health-care resource utilization (HRU) data from the EASE study. Methods: Patients received open-label etanercept 50 mg twice weekly for 12 weeks and then received either continued or interrupted (single round of discontinuation and re-treatment with etanercept) etanercept 50 mg once weekly for the second 12 weeks. PROs included the following: 1) the patient global assessments of psoriasis, joint pain, and itching scores; 2) the Dermatology Life Quality Index; 3) the Medical Outcomes Study Short Form 36 vitality domain; 4) the Beck Depression Inventory; 5) the European Quality-of-Life Group Feeling Thermometer; and 6) a patient satisfactionsurvey. HRU was evaluated using the Economic Implications of Psoriasis patient questionnaire. Results: Continuous treatment with etanercept 50 mg twice weekly for 12 weeks followed by 50 mg once weekly for 12 weeks produced sustained and clinically important improvements in PROs and reductions in HRU. Reductions in some outcome measures after treatment discontinuation at week 12 were observed in the interrupted group; however, most changes did not revert to baseline levels, consistent with some residual clinical effect, and re-treatment produced improvements similar to week 12 levels. Conclusions: Continuous etanercept treatment provided greater sustained improvements in PROs than interrupted therapy; however, interrupting etanercept therapy, if needed, has predictable and manageable effects. © 2007, International Society for Pharmacoeconomics and Outcomes Research (ISPOR). ER  - 
Omega-3 fatty acids: Proven benefit or just a "fish story"?; The potential health benefit of omega-3 fatty acids has been the focus of much research in the past decade. While the typical diet in the United States has a much greater ratio of omega-6 fatty acids compared with omega-3 fatty acids, research is showing that shifting this ratio - by increased consumption of fatty fish or fish oil supplements - may provide significant health benefits. Reductions in cardiovascular risk, depression, and rheumatoid arthritis symptoms have been correlated with omega-3 fatty acid intake, and there is increased interest in the use of omega-3 fatty acid supplementation for other psychiatric illnesses and prevention of Alzheimer's disease. © 2008, American Society of Consultant Pharmacists, Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
COX-2 inhibition in schizophrenia and major depression; In schizophrenia and depression, opposite patterns of type-1 - type-2 immune response seem to be associated with differences in the activation of the enzyme indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase (IDO) and in the tryptophan - kynurenine metabolism resulting in increased production of kynurenic acid in schizophrenia and decreased production of kynurenic acid in depression. These differences are associated with an imbalance in the glutamatergic neurotransmission, which may contribute to an overweight of N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) agonism in depression and of NMDA antagonism in schizophrenia. The differential activation of microglia, cells and astrocytes may be an additional mechanism contributing to this imbalance. The immunological imbalance results both in schizophrenia and in depression in an increased Prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) production and probably also in an increased Cyclo-oxygenase-2 (COX-2) expression. Although there is strong evidence for the view, that the interactions of the immune system, IDO, the scrotonergic system, and the glutamatergic neurotransmission play a key role in s hizophrenia and in depression, several gaps, e.g. the roles of genetics, disease course, sex, different psychopathological states, etc. have to be bridged by intense further research. There are already hints that anti-inflammatory therapy may have beneficial effects in schizophrenia and major depression. COX-2 inhibititors have been tested in animal models of depression and in preliminary clinical trials, the latter showing favourable effects compared to placebo, both, in schizophrenia and in major depression. The effects of COX-2 inhibition in the central nervous system (CNS) as well as the different components of the inflammatory system, the kynurenine-metabolism and the glutamatergic neurotransmission, however, still need careful further validation including clinical studies with sufficient sample size. © 2008 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Discerning the Mauve factor, Part 2.; "Mauve Factor" was once mistaken for kryptopyrrole but is the hydroxylactam of hemopyrrole, hydroxyhemopyrrolin-2-one (HPL). Treatment with nutrients--particularly vitamin B6 and zinc--reduces urinary excretion of HPL and improves diverse neurobehavioral symptoms in subjects with elevated urinary HPL. Heightened HPL excretion classically associates with emotional stress, which in turn is known to associate with oxidative stress. For this review, markers for nutritional status and for oxidative stress were examined in relationship to urinary HPL. In cohorts with mixed diagnoses, 24-hour urinary HPL correlated negatively with vitamin B6 activity and zinc concentration in red cells (P < .0001). Above-normal HPL excretion corresponded to subnormal vitamin B6 activity and subnormal zinc with remarkable consistency. HPL correlated inversely with plasma GSH and red-cell catalase, and correlated directly with plasma nitric oxide (P < .0001). Thus, besides implying proportionate needs for vitamin B6 and zinc, HPL is a promising biomarker for oxidative stress. HPL is known to cause non-erythroid heme depression, which lowers zinc, increases nitric oxide, and increases oxidative stress. Administration of prednisone reportedly provoked HPL excretion in animals. Since adrenocorticoid (and catecholamine) stress hormones mediate intestinal permeability, urinary HPL was examined in relationship to urinary indicans, presumptive marker for intestinal permeability. Urinary HPL associated with higher levels ofindicans (P < .0001). Antibiotics reportedly reduce HPL in urine, suggesting an enterobic role in production. Potentially, gut is reservoir for HPL or its precursor, and stress-related changes in intestinal permeability mediate systemic and urinary concentrations. ER  - 
Chronic administration of lamotrigine downregulates COX-2 mRNA and protein in rat frontal cortex; Chronic administration to rats of mood-stabilizers that are effective against mania in bipolar disorder, is reported to downregulate markers of the brain arachidonic acid cascade. We hypothesized that chronic administration of lamotrigine, which is used to treat depression and rapid cycling in bipolar disorder, might do so as well. Male CDF rats were administered a therapeutically relevant dose of lamotrigine (10 mg/kg) or vehicle intragastrically once daily for 42 days. Protein levels of isoforms of phospholipase A2 (PLA 2) and of cyclooxygenase (COX), and the mRNA level of COX-2, were quantified in the frontal cortex using immunoblotting and RT-PCR, respectively. Compared to vehicle-treated rats, chronic lamotrigine significantly decreased frontal cortex protein and mRNA levels of COX-2 without altering protein levels of the PLA2 isoforms. Consistent with the hypothesis, lamotrigine and other mood-stabilizers have a common downregulatory action on COX-2 expression in rat brain, which may account in part for their efficacy in bipolar disorder. © 2007 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC. ER  - 
Can essential fatty acids reduce the burden of disease(s)?; Coronary heart disease, stroke, diabetes mellitus, hypertension, cancer, depression schizophrenia, Alzheimer's disease, and collagen vascular diseases are low-grade systemic inflammatory conditions that are a severe burden on health care resources. Essential fatty acids (EFAs) and their metabolites: eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), gamma-linolenic acid (GLA), dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid (DGLA), and arachidonic acid (AA) and their products: prostaglandin E1, prostacyclin, lipoxins, resolvins, and protectins suppress inflammation, augment healing, and are of benefit in the prevention and management of these conditions. Hence, supplementation of EFAs could reduce burden of these disease(s). © 2008 Das; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Acute flaccid paraplegia: A rare complication of meningococcal meningitis; Study design: A case report of spinal cord dysfunction following meningococcal meningitis. Objectives: To describe a rare complication of meningococcal meningitis. Setting: Spinal Unit, Armed Forces Institute of Rehabilitation Medicine, Rawalpindi, Pakistan. Methods: A young healthy male developed meningococcal meningitis followed by acute onset low thoracic flaccid paraplegia with complete motor and sensory loss and sphincter disturbance. He responded well to antibiotics but was not investigated for causes of paraplegia. While at home in a rural area, he developed pressure ulcers, anemia and depression. Magnetic resonance imaging of the whole spine and computed tomography scan of the brain performed after 4 and 10 weeks were normal. Results: The patient had a comprehensive rehabilitation at our institute. Recovery was complicated by ossification in the right thigh, which responded well to radiotherapy. At 1-year follow-up, the motor deficit and neurogenic bladder and bowel persisted and the patient remained wheelchair dependent for mobility. Conclusion: Several mechanisms have been proposed to explain spinal cord damage after meningitis. These include spinal cord infarction; autoimmune-mediated inflammatory myelopathy and direct infection of the cord. Most probable cause of spinal cord dysfunction in this case was thoracic myelopathy. © 2008 International Spinal Cord Society All rights reserved. ER  - 
High incidence of tuberculosis after alemtuzumab treatment in Hong Kong Chinese patients; Twenty-seven patients received the anti-CD52 monoclonal antibody alemtuzumab for hematologic malignancies and autoimmune cytopenias in a tuberculosis-endemic area. Seven patients developed mycobacterium tuberculosis (TB) infections (median: 4, 1-24, months from alemtuzumab). The actuarial 1- and 2-year incidence of TB was 31% and 45%. All patients had severe depression of lymphocyte counts subsequent to alemtuzumab treatment, and tuberculosis was extra-pulmonary in three cases. All seven patients had received prior chemotherapy/immunosuppression and tuberculosis had not occurred until alemtuzumab was administered. Patients receiving alemtuzumab in areas endemic for tuberculosis should have careful initial evaluation of TB exposure, so that prophylactic antibiotics might be administered. Tuberculosis reactivation should be considered for unexplained fever and symptoms after alemtuzumab treatment. © 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Interaction of paracetamol in chronic alcoholic patients. Importance for odontologists; For social, cultural and historical motives alcohol (ethanol or isopenthanol) is considered to be just a beverage rather than a liquor. However, from a pharmatherapeutic point of view alcohol is a depressor of the central nervous system. The effects of alcohol consumption can range from raised loquacity to drunkenness, loss of consciousness and death as a result of insufficient respiration. Probably the most frequent pharmacological interaction is the combination of alcohol with other depressors of the central nervous system which increases the depression even further. Some medicaments which more frequently produce an interaction are antihistamines, analgesics, antidepressants and medicaments for coughs, common cold and influenza. Paracetamol or acetaminophen is an analgesic medicament similar to acetylsalicylic acid lacking anticoagulatory properties and gastric irritation. However, its major drawback is hepatic toxicity as a result of a toxic metabolite produced in the liver by cytochrome P-450, principally cytochrome CYP2E1, which is detoxified under normal conditions by hepatic glutathione. Ethanol is also detoxified by CYP2E1, which is an inducer of ethanol such that chronic ingestion increases the level of this enzyme. When the ingestion of alcohol is stopped, CYP2E1 is greatly increased and only metabolises the paracetamol giving rise to high quantities of hepatotoxic metabolites so that the hepatic glutathione is unable to detoxify resulting in irreversible hepatic damage. Therefore for odontologists it is important that in chronic alcoholic patients the consumption of alcohol should not be suspended on prescribing paracetamol. © Medicina Oral S. L. C.I.F. ER  - 
Clinical picture of EPM1-Unverricht-Lundborg disease; Unverricht-Lundborg disease (ULD), progressive myoclonic epilepsy type 1 (EPM1, OMIM254800), is an autosomal recessively inherited neurodegenerative disorder characterized by age of onset from 6 to 16 years, stimulus-sensitive myoclonus, and tonic-clonic epileptic seizures. Some years after the onset ataxia, incoordination, intentional tremor, and dysarthria develop. Individuals with EPM1 are mentally alert but show emotional lability, depression, and mild decline in intellectual performance over time. The diagnosis of EPM1 can be confirmed by identifying disease-causing mutations in a cysteine protease inhibitor cystatin B (CSTB) gene. Symptomatic pharmacologic and rehabilitative management, including psychosocial support, are the mainstay of EPM1 patients' care. Valproic acid, the first drug of choice, diminishes myoclonus and the frequency of generalized seizures. Clonazepam and high-dose piracetam are used to treat myoclonus, whereas levetiracetam seems to be effective for both myoclonus and generalized seizures. There are a number of agents that aggravate clinical course of EPM1 such as phenytoin aggravating the associated neurologic symptoms or even accelerating cerebellar degeneration. Sodium channel blockers (carbamazepine, oxcarbazepine) and GABAergic drugs (tiagabine, vigabatrin) as well as gabapentin and pregabalin may aggravate myoclonus and myoclonic seizures. EPM1 patients need lifelong clinical follow-up, including evaluation of the drug-treatment and comprehensive rehabilitation. © 2008 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Depression and cardiovascular disease: Role of nitric oxide; Both depression and cardiovascular disease are major public health problems. Growing evidence shows that depression is a risk factor for the development of coronary artery disease (CAD). However, the exact mechanisms underlying the interplay between depression and CAD remain to be elucidated. Depression adversely affects autonomic and hormonal homeostasis resulting in metabolic abnormalities, inflammation, increased platelet aggregation and endothelial dysfunction. All of these pathological features lead to atherothrombosis and cardiovascular events. However, there is no clear evidence that anti-depressant drugs or psychotherapy will reduce the risk or improve the outcome of CAD. Recent studies suggest that the L-arginine-nitric oxide (NO) pathway is involved in the genesis of depression. NO has many physiological-functions, including vasodilatation, neurotransmission and platelet aggregation inhibition. It is synthesised from the cationic amino acid L-arginine by a family of enzymes: NO synthases (NOS). There are three NOS isoforms: inducible NOS (iNOS), endothelial NOS and neuronal NOS (nNOS). The availability and transport of L-arginine modulate rates of NO biosynthesis in circulating blood cells and vasculature, which provides a protective effect against cardiovascular disease. In depressive patients, the L-arginine-nitric oxide pathway seems to be impaired. The present review seeks a better understanding of the mechanisms that could identify depression as a cardiovascular risk factor and introduce new possible therapeutic interventions. © 2008 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
ATP release by way of connexin 36 hemichannels mediates ischemic tolerance in vitro; Spreading depression (SD) is a self-propagating wave of neuronal and glial depolarization that may occur in virtually any gray matter region in the brain. One consequence of SD is an increased tolerance to ischemia. It has been shown that during cortical SD ATP is released into the extracellular space and activation of purinergic receptors leads to the induction of ischemic tolerance. In the present study we show that depolarization of cultured neurons induces ischemic tolerance which is mediated by purinergic receptor activation. Depolarization causes the release of ATP into the extracellular medium, which may be prevented by treatment with the connexin hemichannel blockers flufenamic acid and quinine, but not the pannexin hemichannel blocker carbenoxolone. Knockdown of connexin 36 expression by siRNA greatly reduces the amount of ATP released during depolarization and the subsequent degree of ischemic tolerance. We conclude that during depolarization neurons release ATP by way of connexin 36 hemichannels. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Delusional disorder of the paranoid type and unruptured intracerebral aneurysm - Is there an association?; Introduction: Contrary to ruptured intracerebral aneurysm, according to our knowledge, not many papers have been published dealing with the relation of psychic/neuropsychological symptoms and unruptured intracerebral aneurysm (UIA). As to our knowledge, there is no published paper relating delusional disorder, paranoid type (DD-PT) and UIA, which can have important clinical implication. Aim, Method and Results: We describe a case of a woman who had DD-PT and UIA. The patient in her fifties, a typist with elementary school education, presented to the psychiatrist with the symptoms of irritability, insomnia, suspiciousness and paranoid ideas lasting for about a year. She showed clear symptoms of a delusional disorder. The psychiatrist established the diagnosis of DD-PT according to ICD-10. Olanzapine therapy, 10 mg/day, was introduced immediately, causing partial improvement. In further diagnostic procedure, psychological tests were performed. The finding confirmed the diagnosis and average intellectual efficacy. The additional findings of impaired verbal fluency (VF) and hand tremor signalized an organic origin. The patient was referred to a neurologist, who assessed hand tremor, but otherwise the finding was normal. Brain CT revealed the possible UIA. Neurological hospitalization was quickly organized, and the definitive diagnosis of basilar artery aneurysm of 22 mm in diameter was made by angiography. Several days later, osteoplastic supraorbital craniotomy was performed at the neurosurgical department, with right sided keyhole approach in microsurgical technique, and the aneurysmal neck was clipped. The postoperative course was accompanied by meningitis treated with antibiotics. In neurological status, cerebellar symptomatology, tremor of the left hand, mild hemiparesis on the left side and the right eyelid ptosis persisted. Paranoid delusions were absent, but depressive symptoms emerged. Eight months after the surgery (approx. 11 months after the first test), control psychological testing was performed. The finding showed depression with significant perceptive disorganization. The VF result was within the normal limits. The patient is still being continuously followed-up. During preliminary diagnostic work-up, the possible organic cause and/or relation was suspected, based only on the psychiatric assessment and psychological report, because neurological status was free from any abnormalities other than tremor of the hands. Conclusion: The reported case confirmed the importance of detailed psychiatric interview and psychological testing in persons with psychic disorders, as well as the importance of multidisciplinary approach in the diagnosis and therapy. In this case, we could not find the exact way of connection between DD-PT and UIA. ER  - 
Effect of sesamol on diabetes-associated cognitive decline in rats; Emerging epidemiologic data indicates that diabetes is a potential predisposing factor for neuropsychiatric deficits as stroke, cerebrovascular diseases, diabetes-associated cognitive decline, depression and anxiety. Diabetes-associated cognitive decline, characterized by impaired cognitive functions and neurochemical and structural abnormalities, involves direct neuronal damage caused by intracellular glucose. The present study was designed to investigate the effect of sesamol (3,4-methylenedioxyphenol), a phenolic antioxidant and anti-inflammatory molecule, on cognitive functions, oxidative stress and inflammation in diabetic rats. Learning and memory behaviors were investigated using a spatial version of the Morris water maze test. Acetylcholinesterase activity, a marker of cholinergic dysfunction, was increased by 80% in the cerebral cortex of diabetic rats. There was 107 and 121% rise in thiobarbituric acid reactive substance levels in cerebral cortex and hippocampus of diabetic rats, respectively. Reduced glutathione levels and enzymatic activities of superoxide dismutase and catalase were decreased in both cerebral cortex and hippocampal regions of diabetic rat brain. Nitrite levels in cerebral cortex and hippocampus was increased by 138 and 109%, respectively. Serum tumor necrosis factor-alpha, a marker for inflammation, was found to increase by 1,100% in diabetic rats. Chronic treatment with sesamol (2, 4 and 8 mg/kg; p.o.) significantly and dose-dependently attenuated cognitive deficit, reduced acetylcholinesterase, oxidative stress and inflammation in diabetic rats. The results emphasize the involvement of oxidative stress and inflammation in the development of cognitive impairment in diabetic animals and point towards the therapeutic potential of sesamol in diabetes-associated cognitive decline. © 2007 Springer-Verlag. ER  - 
'It's not over when it's over': Persistent neurobiological abnormalities in recovered depressed patients; The tendency of major depression to recur is a leading problem in clinical management and is responsible for much of the illness burden. Until recently, biological studies of depression have focused on the mechanisms involved in acute illness but there are now many data to suggest that neurobiological abnormalities persist when depressed patients are clinically recovered and withdrawn from medication. These abnormalities encompass a number of neurochemical and neuropsychological mechanisms that could be relevant to recurrence, including changes in the availability of serotonin (5-hydroxytryptamine, 5-HT) receptor subtypes, decreases in cortical γ-aminobutyric acid (GABA), increases in cortisol secretion and negative biases in the processing of emotional information. Studies of groups at high risk of depression before illness onset will help to clarify which biological abnormalities precede the development of depression and which are the product of recurrent illness. Ultimately this work should lead to a better understanding of the neurobiology of vulnerability to depression and more innovative approaches to primary and secondary prevention. © 2007 Cambridge University Press. ER  - 
Celecoxib as an adjunct in the treatment of depressive or mixed episodes of bipolar disorder: A double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled study; Objective: To investigate whether the cox-2 inhibitor celecoxib has antidepressant effects in bipolar disorder (BD) patients during depressive or mixed phases. Methods: We studied 28 DSM-IV BD patients who were experiencing a depressive or mixed episode and were on a stable dose of a mood stabilizer or atypical antipsychotic medication. Subjects were randomized to receive 6 weeks of double-blind placebo or celecoxib (400mg/day) treatment. Current mood stabilizer or antipsychotic medication remained at the same doses during the trial. Results: Intention-to-treat analysis showed that the patients receiving celecoxib had lower Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HamD) scores after 1 week of treatment compared to the patients receiving placebo, but this difference was not statistically significant (p = 0.09). The improvement in the first week of treatment was statistically significant when the analysis included only the subjects who completed the full 6-week trial (p = 0.03). The two groups did not differ significantly on depressive or manic symptoms from the second week until the end of the trial. Celecoxib was well tolerated with the exception of two subjects who dropped out of the study due to rash. Conclusions: Our findings suggest that adjunctive treatment with celecoxib may produce a rapid-onset antidepressant effect in BD patients experiencing depressive or mixed episodes. Copyright © 2008 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Discerning the Mauve Factor, Part 1.; "Mauve Factor" was once mistaken for kryptopyrrole but is the hydroxylactam of hemopyrrole, hydroxyhemopyrrolin-2-one (HPL). Treatment with nutrients--particularly vitamin B6 and zinc--reduces urinary excretion of HPL and improves diverse neurobehavioral symptoms in subjects with elevated urinary HPL. Heightened HPL excretion classically associates with emotional stress, which in turn is known to associate with oxidative stress. For this review, markers for nutritional status and for oxidative stress were examined in relationship to urinary HPL. In cohorts with mixed diagnoses, 24-hour urinary HPL correlated negatively with vitamin B6 activity and zinc concentration in red cells (P < .0001). Above-normal HPL excretion corresponded to subnormal vitamin B6 activity and subnormal zinc with remarkable consistency. HPL correlated inversely with plasma glutathione and red-cell catalase, and correlated directly with plasma nitric oxide (P < .0001). Thus, besides implying proportionate needs for vitamin B6 and zinc, HPL is a promising biomarker for oxidative stress. HPL is known to cause non-erythroid heme depression, which lowers zinc, increases nitric oxide, and increases oxidative stress. Administration of prednisone reportedly provoked HPL excretion in animals. Since adrenocorticoid (and catecholamine) stress hormones mediate intestinal permeability, urinary HPL examined in relationship to urinary indicans, presumptive marker for intestinal permeability. Urinary HPL associated with higher levels of indicans (P < .0001). Antibiotics reportedly reduce HPL in urine, suggesting an enterobic role in production. Potentially, gut is a reservoir for HPL or its precursor, and stress-related changes in intestinal permeability mediate systemic and urinary concentrations. ER  - 
Preconditioning paradigms and pathways in the brain.; Preconditioning is a phenomenon in which the brain protects itself against future injury by adapting to low doses of noxious insults. Preconditioning stimuli include ischemia, low doses of endotoxin, hypoxia, hypothermia and hyperthermia, cortical spreading depression, anesthetics, and 3-nitropropionic acid, among others. Understanding of the mechanisms underlying preconditioning has been elusive, but NMDA receptor activation, nitric oxide, inflammatory cytokines, and suppression of the innate immune system appear to have a role. Elucidation of the endogenous cell survival pathways involved in preconditioning has significant clinical implications for preventing neuronal damage in susceptible patients. ER  - 
Low bone mineral density and high bone metabolism turnover in premenopausal women with unipolar depression; Introduction and hypothesis: The majority of studies reporting decreased bone mineral density (BMD) in patients with unipolar depression neglected sex and age differences and menopause as the most important risk factor for osteoporosis. We presumed that physically healthy premenopausal women with unipolar depression have decreased BMD and altered bone cell metabolism. Methods: BMD at lumbar spine and femoral neck by dual X-ray absorptiometry, bone alkaline phosphatase sera activity, 5b-tartarate resistant acid phosphatase sera activity and urine N-terminal telopeptide were measured in 73 premenopausal women with unipolar depression and compared with 47 healthy, age- and osteoporosis risk factors-matched premenopausal women. The duration and severity of depression, hormonal status (cortisol, prolactin, parathormone, oestradiol), antidepressive treatment, and physical activity through whole and modified QUALEFFO-41 questionnaire were evaluated. The results were statistically elaborated by the chi-square test, Student's t-test for independent samples, one-way analysis of variance - ANOVA, one-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov test. Correlations were assessed by means of Pearson's coefficient. Results: Patients with unipolar depression had significantly lower BMD, the decrease of which correlated only with the duration of depression. High bone metabolism turnover was found with a predomination of osteoresorption which, but not osteosynthesis, correlated with the severity of depression, estimated through Hamilton depression scores. Despite higher but not significant levels of cortisol in women with unipolar depression, the BMD decrease and high bone turnover seem not to be the consequence of hormonal changes or medical treatment. The significant correlations between physical activity and osteoresorption markers were found indicating possible underlying mechanism. Conclusions: Premenopausal women with unipolar depression have significantly lower BMD because of stimulated bone cell metabolism with predomination of osteoresorption process, mostly due to decreased physical activity in depression. These women should be investigated for osteoporosis and the multidisciplinary team approach is advocated. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Patient' s perspective of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in Yanqing county of Beijing; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the patients' comprehension, recognition and burden of COPD in the rural area of Beijing. METHODS: Of the 1624 people aged more than 40 in 5 villages in Yanqing county of Beijing, 148 were diagnosed to have COPD. Patients' comprehension of the disease and COPD control, the medication use, the impact of quality of life, and the experience of exacerbations of COPD were evaluated. RESULTS: According to the GOLD standards the disease classification was 23.6% (35/148), 49.3% (73/148), 23.0% (34/148) and 4.1% (6/148) respectively in stage I, stage II, stage III and stage IV COPD. None of the 148 COPD patients had ever heard the term COPD, and none of them had been diagnosed COPD. Lung function tests and health education had never been performed for these patients. Only 4.1% (6/148) of the patients in stable stage took theophylline irregularly. None of the stable COPD patients took inhalers regularly or temporally. No oxygen therapy and pulmonary rehabilitation were done in those patients. During acute exacerbation, only 6.8% (10/148) took theophylline and 6.8% (10/148) had antibiotics. Only 3.4% (5/148) of the patients had been admitted to hospital during the past year. For the general health status, 4.1% (6/148) was excellent, 20.9% (31/148) very good, 26.4% (39/148) good, 27.7% (41/148) ordinary, 20.9% (31/148) poor. 47.3% (70/148) of the patients had limitation of activity. 25.0% (37/148) had feelings of depression sometimes and 25.7% (38/148) had some impacts no their social activity. CONCLUSION: Patients have a poor understanding of COPD in the rural area in Beijing. The management of both stable and exacerbation of COPD was inadequate. COPD appears to have a significant impact on patient activities of daily living and mood. Health education should play an important role in the management of COPD. ER  - 
Propofol.; The hypnotic agent propofol has pharmacokinetic characteristics that allow for rapid onset and offset of drug effect and fast elimination from the body. Elderly patients show a greater sensitivity to the hypnotic effect of propofol. The drug is extensively metabolized in the liver through the cytochrome P450 system and glucuronidation, with potential for drug interaction. Propofol does not cause significant inotropic depression at clinically relevant concentrations. But in vitro, propofol impairs isotonic relaxation of the heart and decreases free cytosolic Ca(2+) concentrations in myocardial cells. In animal models, the cardioprotective effects of propofol derive in part from its antioxidant and free radical scavenging properties. Propofol decreases cerebral blood flow and cerebral metabolic rate dose-dependently. The neuroprotective effect of propofol in animal models is attributed to its antioxidant property, the potentiation of gamma-aminobutyric acid type A (GABA(A))-mediated inhibition of synaptic transmission, and the inhibition of glutamate release. Subhypnotic doses of propofol induce sedative, amnestic, and anxiolytic effects in a dose-dependent fashion. Propofol impairs ventilation with a considerable effect on the control of ventilation and central chemoreceptor sensitivity. Propofol reduces the ventilatory response to hypercapnia and the ventilatory adaptation to hypoxia, even at subanesthetic doses. The drug potentiates hypoxic pulmonary vasoconstriction, an effect caused by inhibition of K(+) (ATP)-mediated pulmonary vasodilatation. Most of the pharmacological actions of propofol result from interaction with the GABA(A) receptor or with calcium channels. Propofol prolongs inhibitory postsynaptic currents mediated by GABA(A) receptors, indicating that its effects are associated with enhanced inhibitory synaptic transmission, but propofol also influences presynaptic mechanisms of GABAergic transmission. Propofol modulates various aspects of the host's inflammatory response. It decreases secretion of proinflammatory cytokines, alters the expression of nitric oxide, impairs monocyte and neutrophil functions, and has potent, dose-dependent radical scavenging activity similar to the endogenous antioxidant vitamin E. ER  - 
Dietary intake of folate, other B vitamins, and ω-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in relation to depressive symptoms in Japanese adults; Objective: Although a favorable effect of dietary folate and ω-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) on depression is suggested from epidemiologic studies in Western countries, evidence from non-Western populations is lacking. We examined cross-sectional associations between the intake of folate, other B vitamins, and ω-3 PUFAs and depressive symptoms in Japanese adults. Methods: Subjects were 309 Japanese men and 208 Japanese women 21-67 y of age. Dietary intake was assessed with a validated, brief, self-administered diet history questionnaire. Depressive symptoms were defined as present when subjects had a Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression scale score ≥16. Adjustment was made for age, body mass index, work place, marital status, occupational physical activity, leisure-time physical activity, current smoking, current alcohol drinking, and job stress score. Results: The prevalences of depressive symptoms were 36% for men and 37% for women. Folate intake showed a statistically significant, inverse, and linear association with depressive symptoms in men but not in women. The multivariate odds ratios (95% confidence intervals) for depressive symptoms for men in the first, second, third, and fourth quartiles of folate intake were 1.00 (reference), 0.78 (0.38-1.63), 0.57 (0.27-1.18), and 0.50 (0.23-1.06), respectively (P for trend = 0.045). No statistically significant linear association was observed for the intake of riboflavin, pyridoxine, cobalamin, total ω-3 PUFAs, α-linolenic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid, or docosahexaenoic acid in either sex. Conclusion: Higher dietary intake of folate was associated with a lower prevalence of depressive symptoms in Japanese men but not women. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
No effect of n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid (EPA and DHA) supplementation on depressed mood and cognitive function: a randomised controlled trial; Low dietary intakes of the n-3 long-chain PUFA (LCPUFA) EPA and DHA are thought to be associated with increased risk for a variety of adverse outcomes, including some psychiatric disorders. Evidence from observational and intervention studies for a role of n-3 LCPUFA in depression is mixed, with some support for a benefit of EPA and/or DHA in major depressive illness. The present study was a double-blind randomised controlled trial that evaluated the effects of EPA+DHA supplementation (1.5 g/d) on mood and cognitive function in mild to moderately depressed individuals. Of 218 participants who entered the trial, 190 completed the planned 12 weeks intervention. Compliance, confirmed by plasma fatty acid concentrations, was good, but there was no evidence of a difference between supplemented and placebo groups in the primary outcome - namely, the depression subscale of the Depression Anxiety and Stress Scales at 12 weeks. Mean depression score was 8.4 for the EPA+DHA group and 9.6 for the placebo group, with an adjusted difference of -1.0 (95 % CI -0.8; P=0.27). Other measures of mood, mental health and cognitive function, including Beck Depression Inventory score and attentional bias toward threat words, were similarly little affected by the intervention. In conclusion, substantially increasing EPA+DHA intake for 3 months was found not to have beneficial or harmful effects on mood in mild to moderate depression. Adding the present result to a meta-analysis of previous relevant randomised controlled trial results confirmed an overall negligible benefit of n-3 LCPUFA supplementation for depressed mood. © 2007 The Authors. ER  - 
Toxic epidermal necrolysis and fluoxetine: A case report; Toxic epidermal necrolysis (TEN) is a distinct clinical entity within a spectrum of adverse cutaneous drug reactions. It is characterized by >30% of the body surface area of skin detachment with an average reported mortality of 25-35%. Drug induced TEN is associated with various antibiotics, anticonvulsants and other drugs. While adverse cutaneous drug reactions are common with antidepressants, the majority eruptions are benign and easily treated. TEN is rarely reported in association with selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRI's). We describe TEN in a 34-year-old patient from Mozambique associated with the addition of fluoxetine for a major depressive episode with psychotic features. © 2008 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
Omega-3 supplementation in mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease: Effects on neuropsychiatric symptoms; Background: Epidemiological and animal studies have suggested that dietary fish or fish oil rich in omega-3 fatty acids (ω3), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), may have effects in psychiatric and behavioral symptoms in Alzheimer's disease (AD). An association with APOEω4 carriers and neuropsychiatric symptoms in AD has also been suggested. Objective: To determine effects of dietary ω3 supplementation to AD patients with mild to moderate disease on psychiatric and behavioral symptoms, daily functions and a possible relation to APOEgenotype. Methods: Randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial where 204 AD patients (74 ± 9 years) with acetylcholine esterase inhibitor treatment and a MMSE >15 points were randomized to daily intake of 1.7 g DHA and 0.6 g EPA (ω3 group) or placebo for 6 months. Then, all received the ω3 supplementation for 6 more months. Neuropsychiatric symptoms were measured with Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI) and Montgomery Åsberg Depression Scale (MADRS). Caregivers burden and activities of daily living (Disability Assessment for Dementia, DAD) were also assessed. Results: One hundred and seventy-four patients fulfilled the trial. 72% were APOEω4 carriers. No significant overall treatment effects on neuropsychiatric symptoms, on activities of daily living or on caregiver's burden were found. However, significant positive treatment effects on the scores in the NPI agitation domain in APOEω4 carriers (p = 0.006) and in MADRS scores in non-APOEω4 carriers (p = 0.005) were found. Conclusions: Supplementation with ω3 in patients with mild to moderate AD did not result in marked effects on neuropsychiatric symptoms except for possible positive effects on depressive symptoms (assessed by MADRS) in non-APOEω4 carriers and agitation symptoms (assessed by NPI) in APOEω4 carriers. ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT00211159. Copyright © 2007 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Do polyunsaturated fatty acids behave like an endogenous "polypill"?; Lowering plasma low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C), blood pressure, homocysteine, and preventing platelet aggregation using a combination of a statin, three blood pressure lowering drugs such as a thiazide, a β blocker, and an angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor each at half standard dose; folic acid; and aspirin - called as polypill - was estimated to reduce cardiovascular events by ∼80%. Essential fatty acids (EFAs) and their long-chain metabolites and other products prevent platelet aggregation, lower blood pressure, reduce LDL-C, and ameliorate the adverse actions of homocysteine. Thus, EFAs and their metabolites show all the actions expected of the "polypill". Unlike the proposed "polypill", EFAs are endogenous molecules, have no significant side effects, can be taken orally for long periods of time even by pregnant women, lactating mothers, and children; and have been shown to reduce the incidence cardiovascular diseases. I propose that a rational combination of ω-3 and ω-6 fatty acids is as beneficial as that of the "polypill"; and may even show additional benefit in the prevention of depression, schizophrenia, Alzheimer's disease, and enhance cognitive function. © 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The role of omega-3 fatty acids in mood disorders; Research has established that docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), a long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA), plays a fundamental role in brain structure and function. Epidemiological and cross-sectional studies have also identified a role for long-chain omega-3 PUFA, which includes DHA, eicosapentaenoic acid, and docosapentaenoic acid, in the etiology of depression. In the past ten years, there have been 12 intervention studies conducted using various preparations of longchain omega-3 PUFA in unipolar and bipolar depression. The majority of these studies administered long-chain omega-3 PUFA as an adjunct therapy. The studies have been conducted over 4 to 16 weeks of intervention and have often included small cohorts. In four out of the seven studies conducted in depressed individuals and in two out of the five studies in bipolar patients, individuals have reported a positive outcome following supplementation with ethyl-eicosapentaenoic acid or fish oil containing long-chain omega-3 PUFA. In the three trials that researched the influence of DHA-rich preparations, no significant effects were reported. The mechanisms that have been invoked to account for the benefits of long-chain omega-3 PUFA in depression include reductions in prostaglandins derived from arachidonic acid, which lead to decreased brain-derived neurotrophic factor levels and/or alterations in blood flow to the brain. © The Thomson Corporation. ER  - 
Folic acid and polyunsaturated fatty acids improve cognitive function and prevent depression, dementia, and Alzheimer's disease-But how and why?; Low blood folate and raised homocysteine concentrations are associated with poor cognitive function. Folic acid supplementation improves cognitive function. Folic acid enhances the plasma concentrations of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA). EPA, DHA, and arachidonic acid (AA) are of benefit in dementia and Alzheimer's disease by up-regulating gene expression concerned with neurogenesis, neurotransmission and connectivity, improving endothelial nitric oxide (eNO) generation, enhancing brain acetylcholine levels, and suppressing the production of pro-inflammatory cytokines. EPA, DHA, and AA also form precursors to anti-inflammatory compounds such as lipoxins, resolvins, and neuroprotectin D1 (NPD1) that protect neurons from the cytotoxic action of various noxious stimuli. Furthermore, various neurotrophins and statins enhance the formation of NPD1 and thus, protect neurons from oxidative stress and prevent neuronal apoptosis Folic acid improves eNO generation, enhances plasma levels of EPA/DHA and thus, could augment the formation of NPD1. These results suggest that a combination of EPA, DHA, AA and folic acid could be of significant benefit in dementia, depression, and Alzheimer's disease and improve cognitive function. © 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Update on the prophylaxis of migraine; Migraine prophylaxis is a stepwise procedure with lifestyle advice followed by consideration of medications. Patients should be advised to try to maintain a regular lifestyle, with regular sleep, meals, exercise, and management of stress, perhaps through relaxation techniques or other ways that are sensible for them. If this regimen does not adequately control their migraines, preventatives are indicated. Patients can choose between evidence-based nutraceuticals such as riboflavin, feverfew, butterbur, or coenzyme Q10, or more traditional pharmaco-therapeutics. Medicine choices are somewhat limited by what is available in each country, but from the full range, the medicines of first choice are beta-adrenoceptor blockers, flunarizine, topiramate, and valproic acid. Beta-adrenoceptor blockers are particularly useful in patients also suffering from hypertension or tachycardia. Following recent studies, topiramate has become a first choice for episodic as well as chronic migraine. It is the only prophylactic drug that may lead to weight loss, but it is sometimes associated with adverse cognitive effects. Valproic acid and flunarizine also have very good prophylactic properties. However, valproic acid is often associated with adverse effects, and flunarizine is unavailable in many countries, including the United States. If sequential monotherapies are ineffective, combinations of first-line drugs should be tried before advancing to drugs of second choice, which are associated with more adverse effects or have less well-established prophylactic properties. Amitriptyline should be used carefully because of its anticholinergic effects, although it is useful in comorbid tension-type headache, depression, and sleep disorders. Methysergide is very effective, but it has been supplanted or even made unavailable in many countries because of its well-described association with retroperitoneal fibrosis. Pizotifen has a slightly better safety profile but is unavailable in the United States. Aspirin is particularly useful in patients needing platelet inhibitors for other medical conditions, but the risk of gastrointestinal bleeding must be considered. The prophylactic properties of magnesium, riboflavin, and coenzyme Q10 are low at best, but their lack of severe adverse effects makes them good treatment options. Magnesium may be particularly useful during pregnancy. Lisinopril and candesartan were shown to be effective in single trials and are preferable in patients with hypertension. Acupuncture may be another alternative; although controlled trials have failed to differentiate its effect from placebo, it is at least innocuous. Botulinum toxin A is not effective in the prophylaxis of episodic migraine. Copyright © 2008 by Current Medicine Group LLC. ER  - 
Status epilepticus in an adolescent patient with adrenoleukodystrophy; Adrenoleukodystrophy is a neurodegenerative disease with X-linked recessive inheritance, which rapidly leads to neurological dysfunctions in childhood. It could only be treated by bone marrow transplantation at early stage. Here we report a case of X-linked adrenoleukodystrophy who was admitted to our hospital with status epilepticus and subclinical adrenal insufficiency. A 13-year-old boy, who had initially presented to a local hospital with seizures, was transferred to our hospital upon having generalized tonic-clonic seizures, which were followed by focal seizures. He had been introverted and amnesiac for the previous 2 months; hence, he had been receiving medication for major depression. However, his clinical condition worsened despite the medication. Although the patient lacked typical symptoms, he was diagnosed as having adrenoleukodystrophy upon detection of hyperintense lesions in occipitoparietal white matter by brain magnetic resonance imaging and increased serum very long chain fatty acid concentrations. Thus, we would like to emphasize the importance of awareness of physicians, particularly the pediatricians, neurologists and psychiatrists for clinical and laboratory characteristics of adrenoleukodystrophy. © 2008 IOS Press. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Classification of the fillers available in France; In the last few years the number of dermal filler products has increased in a spectacular manner, thus offering multiple treatment possibilities acting on skin aging and natural or aging related morphological changes. Hyaluronic acid products, with various concentrations and crosslinking levels, provide very good results on the whole cutaneous and subcutaneous skin alterations. Volumator products, especially highly crosslinked hyaluronic acid and L.polylactic acid, allow a liposculpture often appreciated and complementary to wrinkles and skin depression treatments. Usage of non-degradable products, at the origin of invalidating granulomas, completely impossible to eliminate, should be avoided in the maximum of cases. ER  - 
Final report of the safety assessment of Alcohol Denat., including SD Alcohol 3-A, SD Alcohol 30, SD Alcohol 39, SD Alcohol 39-B, SD Alcohol 39-C, SD Alcohol 40, SD Alcohol 40-B, and SD Alcohol 40-C, and the denaturants, Quassin, Brucine Sulfate/Brucine, and Denatonium Benzoate; Alcohol Denat. is the generic term used by the cosmetics industry to describe denatured alcohol. Alcohol Denat. and various specially denatured (SD) alcohols are used as cosmetic ingredients in a wide variety of products. Many denaturants have been previously considered, on an individual basis, as cosmetic ingredients by the Cosmetic Ingredient Review (CIR) Expert Panel, whereas others, including Brucine and Brucine Sulfate, Denatonium Benzoate, and Quassin, have not previously been evaluated. Quassin is a bitter alkaloid obtained from the wood of Quassia amara. Quassin has been used as an insect antifeedant and insecticide and several studies demonstrate its effectiveness. At oral doses up to 1000 mg/kg using rats, Quassin was not toxic in acute and short-term tests, but some reversible piloerection, decrease in motor activity, and a partial loss of righting reflex were found in mice at 500 mg/kg. At 1000 mg/kg given intraperitoneally (i.p.), all mice died within 24 h of receiving treatment. In a cytotoxicity test with brine shrimp, 1 mg/ml of Quassin did not possess any cytotoxic or antiplasmodial activity. Quassin administered to rat Leydig cells in vitro at concentrations of 5-25 ng/ml inhibited both the basal and luteinizing hormone (LH)-stimulated testosterone secretion in a dose-related fashion. Quassin at doses up to 2.0 g/kg in drinking water using rats produced no significant effect on the body weights, but the mean weights of the testes, seminal vesicles, and epididymides were significantly reduced, and the weights of the anterior pituitary glands were significantly increased. The sperm counts and levels of LH, follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH), and testosterone were significantly lower in groups treated with Quassin. Brucine is a derivative of 2-hydroxystrychnine. Swiss-Webster mice given Brucine base, 30 ml/kg, had an acute oral LD50 of 150 mg/kg, with central nervous system depression followed by convulsions and seizures in some cases. In those animals that died, respiratory arrest was the cause. The acute i.p. LD50 for 15 ml/kg of Brucine base was 62.0 mg/kg, with central nervous system depression prior to the onset of convulsions, just as with oral Brucine. The acute intravenous (i.v.) LD50 was 12.0 mg/kg. Brucine was nonmutagenic in an Ames assay at levels up to 6666 μg/plate, with and without metabolic activation. In a repeat-insult patch test, for a hair care product containing 47% SD Alcohol 40 (95%), it was reported that Brucine Sulfate may be considered a nonprimary irritant and a nonprimary sensitizer. Three different sunscreen products (35% SD Alcohol 40-B, 72.4% SD Alcohol 40, and 74.5% SD Alcohol 40) did not show any signs of photoallergy in human subjects. Also, these three formulas did not exhibit any evidence of phototoxicity in humans. Denatonium Benzoate is a bitter substance detectable at a concentration of 10 ppb, discernibly bitter at 50 ppb, and unpleasantly bitter at 10 ppm. The distribution of topically applied lidocaine, a topical anesthetic chemically related to Denatonium Benzoate demonstrated that virtually no lidocaine appears in the plasma, suggesting that the larger Denatonium Benzoate molecule also would have little or no systemic exposure. Denatonium Benzoate (0.1%) did not show adverse effects in 10 rats in an acute inhalation toxicity test and 0.005% to 0.05% was nonirritating to ocular mucosa in 6 albino rabbits. The acute oral LD50 for the male rats was 640 mg/kg and for females, 584 mg/kg. The LD50 for the male rabbits was 508 mg/kg and for the female rabbits, 640 mg/kg. In two chronic toxicity studies, Denatonium Benzoate was administered (by gavage) at 1.6, 8, and 16 mg/kg/day, one using cynomologus monkeys and the other rats, resulted in no compound-related toxicity. The toxicity of SD Alcohols has also been tested, with implications for the particular denaturant used. An irritation test of 55.65% SD Alcohol 40-B denatured with Denatonium Benzoate using rabbits produced minimal effects. A spray formula containing 12% SD Alcohol 40-B was found to be nonirritating when evaluated for vaginal mucosal irritation in New Zealand white rabbits. Cosmetic formulations containing SD Alcohol 40-B (denatured with Denatonium Benzoate) were not sensitizers in repeated insult patch tests. A gel formula containing 29% SD Alcohol 40-B and a spray liquid containing 12% SD Alcohol 40-B did not induce photoallergy, dermal sensitization, or phototoxic response in human subjects. Although the absorption of ethanol (aka Alcohol for purposes of cosmetic ingredient labeling) occurs through skin, ethanol does not appear to affect the integrity of the skin barrier nor reach a very high systemic concentration following dermal exposure. Ethanol may be found in the bloodstream as a result of inhalation exposure and ingestion. Topically applied, ethanol can act as a penetration enhancer. Most of the systemic toxicity of ethanol appears to be associated with chronic abuse of alcohol. Although ethanol is denatured to make it unfit for consumption, there have been reports of intentional and unintentional consumption of products containing denatured alcohol. Ethanol is a reproductive and developmental toxicant. Ethanol is genotoxic in some test systems and it has been proposed that the genotoxic effects of ethanol are mediated via its metabolite, acetaldehyde. A brief summary is provided of the effects of chronic ingestion of alcohol including intoxication, liver damage, brain damage, and possible carcinogenicity. The CIR Expert Panel recognizes that certain ingredients in this group are reportedly used in a given product category, but the concentration of use is not available. Because dermal application or inhalation of cosmetic products containing these ingredients will not produce significant systemic exposure to ethanol, the CIR Expert Panel concluded that safety of the ingredients should be predicated on the safety of the denaturants used. The Panel considered that the adverse effects known to be associated with Alcohol ingestion included in this safety assessment do not suggest a concern for Alcohol Denat. or SD Alcohols because of the presence of the denaturants, which are added for the express purpose of making the Alcohol unpotable. The CIR Expert Panel has previously conducted safety assessments of t-Butyl Alcohol, Diethyl Phthalate, Methyl Alcohol, Salicylic Acid, Sodium Salicylate, and Methyl Salicylate, in which each was affirmed safe or safe with qualifications. Given their use as denaturants are at low concentrations of use in Alcohol, the CIR Expert Panel determined that Alcohol Denat. denatured with t-Butyl Alcohol, Diethyl Phthalate, Methyl Alcohol, Salicylic Acid, Sodium Salicylate, and Methyl Salicylate is safe as used in cosmetic formulations with no qualifications. Likewise, because they are denatured with either t-Butyl Alcohol, Diethyl Phthalate, or Methyl Alcohol, SD Alcohols 3-A, 30, 39-B, 39-C, and 40-C all are considered safe as used. The Panel considered the available data for Denatonium Benzoate and SD Alcohol 40-B to be sufficient to support the safety of these ingredients in cosmetics. Denatonium Benzoate is sufficiently bitter that it is an effective denaturant at only 0.0006%. The Panel recognized that data on dermal penetration of Denatonium Benzoate were not available, but considered that the available data on lidocaine, a smaller structurally related chemical, indicates that dermal exposure does not result in measurable systemic exposure. The available data, however, were not sufficient to support the safety of Quassin, Brucine, and Brucine Sulfate, Alcohol Denat. denatured with those denaturants, or SD Alcohol 39 and SD Alcohol 40 (SD Alcohols denatured with Quassin, Brucine, and/or Brucine Sulfate), and in order for the Expert Panel to reach a conclusion for these denaturants, additional data are needed. Copyright © American College of Toxicology. ER  - 
The cytokine hypothesis of depression: Inflammation, oxidative & nitrosative stress (IO&NS) and leaky gut as new targets for adjunctive treatments in depression; This paper hypothesizes that inflammatory, oxidative and nitrosative (IO&NS) pathways, and an increased translocation of LPS from gram-negative bacteria are causally related to depression following external (psychological) and internal (organic) stressors and that IO&NS pathways are novel targets for antidepressant development. We review that depression is accompanied by an inflammatory reaction as indicated by an increased production of pro-inflammatory cytokines, such as interleukin-1β (IL-1β), IL-6, tumour necrosis factor-α (TNF-α) and interferon-γ (IFN)-γ. These cytokines are stress-sensitive and may cause depressive behaviors. The latter may be induced by an increased catabolism of tryptophan, the precursor of serotonin, to neurotoxic TRYCATs (tryptophan catabolites along the indoleamine oxidase pathway). Inflammatory biomarkers are detected in animal models of depression. Newly developed animal models of depression are based on induced inflammation. Most if not all antidepressants have specific anti-inflammatory effects. Antiinflammatory compounds may augment the clinical efficacy of antidepressants. Depression is also accompanied by an IgM-related (auto)immune response directed against disrupted lipid membrane components, such as phosphatidyl-inositol, by-products of lipid peroxidation, e.g. azelaic acid and malondialdehyde, and NO-modified amino-acids, which are normally not detected by the immune system but due to damage caused by O&NS have become immunogenic. Increased translocation of lipopolysaccharide from gram-negative bacteria, which may be induced by internal and external stressors, may further aggravate the induced IO&NS pathways. © 2008 Neuroendocrinology Letters. ER  - 
Infliximab improves health-related quality of life in the presence of comorbidities among patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis; Background: Psoriasis affects patients both physically and psychologically. Objectives: To investigate the effect of comorbidities on health-related quality of life (HRQoL) and to determine whether infliximab improved HRQoL in the presence of these conditions. Methods: In this multicentre, double-blind study, 835 patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis were randomized to receive infliximab 3 or 5 mg kg-1 or placebo at weeks 0, 2 and 6. Infliximab-treated patients were re-randomized at week 14 to receive the same treatment every 8 weeks or as needed through week 46; placebo patients crossed over to infliximab 5 mg kg-1 at week 16. Disease severity (Psoriasis Area and Severity Index, PASI) and HRQoL (Dermatology Life Quality Index, DLQI; 36-item Short-Form Health Survey, SF-36) were measured at various time points. The effect of patient comorbidities on baseline HRQoL was assessed using multiple regression models. The impact of key comorbidities on infliximab treatment effect was also assessed. Results: Disease severity (PASI), depression and psoriatic arthritis (PsA) were predictors of poor baseline HRQoL. At week 10, infliximab 3 and 5 mg kg-1 significantly improved physical and mental health dimensions of the SF-36 and the DLQI (all P < 0.001). Consistent improvement in HRQoL with infliximab treatment was observed regardless of baseline patient characteristics or comorbidities. Through week 50, HRQoL and PASI scores were most improved with infliximab 5 mg kg -1 administered every 8 weeks. Conclusions: Disease severity, depression and PsA were significant predictors of poor HRQoL. Infliximab significantly improved HRQoL, regardless of these characteristics. © 2008 The Authors. ER  - 
Quality of life of patients with rheumatoid arthritis undergoing out-patient treatment with TNF inhibitors; Objective: To assess the quality of life of patients with rheumatoid arthritis undergoing out-patient treatment with TNF inhibitors (etanercept and adalimumab). Method: Observational, descriptive and multi-centre study. A specific validated questionnaire was used (QOL-RA Scale) in its Spanish version, with complete confidentiality ensured. To measure the reliability of the results, the Cronbach Alpha Coefficient was used. A descriptive analysis was carried out to compare the results obtained with those obtained from studies in the USA and Colombia. Results: A total of 82 patients were selected who mainly consisted of married housewives who had not undergone any previous studies. The average amount of years from diagnosis was 11.81 years (SD: 7.30) and the average duration of treatment with TNF inhibitors was 1.71 years (SD: 1.03). The results of the questionnaire were: physical ability 5.42 (SD: 1.67), pain 5.10 (SD: 1.83), social life 7.08 (SD: 1.96), support 7.45 (SD: 2.10), mood 6.02 (SD: 2.03), stress 5.50 (SD: 2.01), arthritis 5.15 (SD: 1.86), health 5.50 (SD: 1.77). The results obtained were similar to those from the USA, although they showed a lower score for mood and stress categories. However, the high score in the support and social-life categories was more similar to that obtained with the Colombian questionnaire. All patients considered their quality of life to have improved with the use of TNF inhibitors. Conclusions: The quality of life in patients with Rheumatoid Arthritis is low, determined by pain and symptoms of depression. The patients believe that TNF inhibitors have improved their quality of life. © 2008 Sociedad Española de Farmacia Hospitalaria. ER  - 
Omega-3 fatty acids on the forced-swimming test; Objectives: Based on the findings of epidemiological data and recent clinical trials, omega-3 fatty acids seem to have a preventive and therapeutic effect on depression. Method: We examined the effect of omega-3 fatty acids on the forced-swimming test (FST) in two groups of Sprague-Dawley rats after a six-week treatment with two different diets. Behavioral responses were observed and recorded during the 5-min test. The fatty acid composition from the whole brain tissue and the RBC membrane of the rats were analyzed. Results: Comparing to control diet, omega-3 fatty acid diet significantly decreased the immobility time (218 ± 16 vs. 183 ± 19 s, p = 0.001) and increased behaviors of swimming (32 ± 7 vs. 45 ± 9 s, p = 0.012) and climbing (50 ± 10 vs. 73 ± 14 s, p = 0.011) during the FST. The group in omega-3 fatty acid diet had higher levels of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 50% increase) and alpha-linolenic acid (ALA, 63% increase) in the brain, and of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, 27% increase) in the peripheral RBC membrane. The level of brain DHA is negatively correlated to the immobility time (r = - 0.654, p = 0.006) and is positively correlated to the swimming time (r = 0.69, p = 0.003). Conclusion: The result shows that omega-3 fatty acids have a beneficial effect on preventing the development of depression-like behaviors in rats with the FST. © 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Curcumin attenuates diabetic encephalopathy in rats: Behavioral and biochemical evidences; Emerging epidemiological data indicates that diabetes is a potential predisposing factor for neuropsychiatric deficits as stroke, cerebrovascular diseases, diabetic encephalopathy, depression and anxiety. Diabetic encephalopathy, characterized by impaired cognitive functions and neurochemical and structural abnormalities, involves direct neuronal damage caused by intracellular glucose. Curcumin, a well-established phenolic antioxidant and anti-inflammatory molecule, is capable of playing an important role against amyloid and dendritic pathology and thus has neuroprotective properties. The aim of the present study was to explore the effect of curcumin (60 mg/kg; p.o.) on cognitive functions, oxidative stress and inflammation in diabetic rats. Learning and memory behaviors were investigated using a spatial version of the Morris water maze test. Acetylcholinesterase activity, a marker of cholinergic dysfunction, was increased by 80% in the cerebral cortex of diabetic rats. There was 107% and 121% rise in thiobarbituric acid reactive substance levels in cerebral cortex and hippocampus of diabetic rats, respectively. Reduced glutathione level and enzymatic activities of superoxide dismutase and catalase were decreased in both cerebral cortex and hippocampal regions of diabetic rat brain. Nitrite levels in cerebral cortex and hippocampus were increased by 112% and 94% respectively. Serum TNF-α, a marker for inflammation, was found to increase by 1100% in diabetic rats. Chronic treatment with curcumin (60 mg/kg; p.o.) significantly attenuated cognitive deficit, cholinergic dysfunction, oxidative stress and inflammation in diabetic rats. The results emphasize the involvement of cholinergic dysfunction, oxidative stress and inflammation in the development of cognitive impairment in diabetic animals and point towards the potential of curcumin as an adjuvant therapy to conventional anti-hyperglycemic regimens for the prevention and treatment of diabetic encephalopathy. © 2007 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Effects of Interferon-Alpha on Rhesus Monkeys: A Nonhuman Primate Model of Cytokine-Induced Depression; Background: Interferon (IFN)-alpha is an innate immune cytokine that causes high rates of depression in humans and therefore has been used to study the impact of cytokines on the brain and behavior. To establish a nonhuman primate model of cytokine-induced depression, we examined the effects of IFN-alpha on rhesus monkeys. Methods: Eight rhesus monkeys were administered recombinant human (rHu)-IFN-alpha (20 MIU/m2) or saline for 4 weeks in counterbalanced fashion, and videotaped behavior, as well as plasma and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF), were obtained at regular intervals to assess behavioral, neuroendocrine, immune, and neurotransmitter parameters. Additionally, expression and activity of IFN-alpha/beta receptors in monkey peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) were assessed. Results: Compared with saline treatment, IFN-alpha administration was associated with persistent increases in anxiety-like behaviors and decreases in environmental exploration. In addition, IFN-alpha induced significant increases in plasma concentrations of corticotropin (ACTH), cortisol, and interleukin-6 that tended to diminish after chronic administration, especially in dominant animals. Interestingly, in three animals, depressive-like, huddling behavior was observed. Monkeys that displayed huddling behavior exhibited significantly higher plasma concentrations of ACTH and lower CSF concentrations of the dopamine metabolite homovanillic acid. Rhesus monkey PBMCs were found to express mRNA and protein for the IFN-alpha/beta receptor. Moreover, treatment of PBMCs with rHu-IFN-alpha led to induction of STAT1, one of the primary IFN-alpha-induced signaling molecules. Conclusions: IFN-alpha evoked behavioral, neuroendocrine, and immune responses in rhesus monkeys that are similar to humans. Moreover, alterations in hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis responses and dopamine metabolism may contribute to IFN-alpha-induced depressive-like huddling behavior. © 2007 Society of Biological Psychiatry. ER  - 
The role of hyperhomocysteinemia and B-vitamin deficiency in neurological and psychiatric diseases; Hyperhomocysteinemia (HHcy) is related to central nervous system diseases. Epidemiological studies show a positive, dose-dependent relationship between plasma total homocysteine (tHcy) concentration and neurodegenerative disease risk. tHcy is a marker of B-vitamin (folate, B12, B6) status. Hypomethylation, caused by low B-vitamin status and HHcy, is linked to key pathomechanisms of dementia; B-vitamin supplementation could potentially reduce neurological damage. In retrospective studies, the association between tHcy and cognition is impressive; there is also evidence that tHcy-lowering treatment could be effective in primary and secondary stroke prevention. Increased tHcy and low serum folate occur in patients with Parkinson's disease, especially those receiving L-dopa. There is also an association between HHcy and multiple sclerosis, and between B-vitamin status and depression. Studies also confirm a causal role for tHcy in epilepsy, and certain anti-epileptics enhance HHcy. B-vitamin status should be optimized by ensuring sufficient intake in patients with neuropsychiatric diseases. HHcy occurs commonly in the elderly and can contribute to age-related neurodegeneration. Treatment with folic acid, B12 and B6 lowers tHcy. For secondary and primary prevention from several neuropsychiatric disorders, it seems prudent to actively identify deficient subjects and ensure sufficient vitamin intake. © 2007 by Walter de Gruyter. ER  - 
Electroconvulsive therapy and antibiotics: A case report; Infections are common comorbid conditions in hospitalized patients, including those receiving electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). In this report, we demonstrate the fluoroquinolone class of antibiotics can be associated with prolonged electroconvulsive seizure duration. We describe an 82-year-old woman treated with the fluoroquinolone, moxifloxacin, during a course of ECT. After previously tolerating ECT well, introduction of moxifloxacin for a respiratory tract infection was associated with prolonged seizure duration despite complete resolution of her respiratory complaint. Taken together with other evidence that fluoroquinolones lower seizure threshold, this report suggests fluoroquinolones should be avoided in patients receiving ECT. © 2007 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
Effects of eicosapentaenoic acid on visceral fat and heart rate variability: assessment by power spectral analysis; Objectives. Effects of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) on visceral fat storage and the autonomic nervous system were evaluated by abdominal computed tomography (measurement of visceral fat area) and power spectral analysis of heart rate variability, respectively. Methods. The parameters of visceral fat area and heart rate variability were compared between the control group (n = 74; conventional therapy) and the EPA group (n = 91; conventional therapy plus EPA 1,800 mg/day) during a 6-month period. The power spectral analysis of heart rate variability [low frequency component (LF), high frequency component (HF) and LF/HF] was performed on 256 sec taken after a 30-minute rest. Results. Systolic and diastolic blood pressures significantly decreased (p < 0.0001 and p = 0.0076, respectively) but heart rate remained unchanged in the EPA group during the 6 months. In the control group, these parameters showed no change. The values of visceral fat area did not alter in either group but body weight significantly decreased in the EPA group (p = 0.0003). A sex difference was noted in the parameter of visceral fat area; in female patients, the change in the parameter was insignificant, but in male patients this tended to decrease from 162 ± 60 to 152 ± 65 cm2 (p = 0.0586) during the 6 months. Serum triglyceride decreased significantly in the EPA group (p = 0.0339) but not in the control group. The ratio of LF/HF in heart rate variability significantly decreased in the EPA group (p = 0.0004) and the decrease was especially prominent in male patients. The LF/HF ratio remained unchanged in the control group. This parameter correlates well with visceral fat area, but not with systolic blood pressure. Conclusions. The oral intake of purified EPA significantly reduced blood pressure without altering heart rate during the 6-month treatment. EPA suppressed sympathetic nerve activity without inducing any parasympathetic nerve activity. The direct anti-sympathetic action of EPA was inferred and its action was found unrelated to blood pressure decrease. In male patients, diminished visceral fat area may be associated with depression of sympathetic nerve activity. ER  - 
Tyrosine supplementation mitigates working memory decrements during cold exposure; In rats, dietary supplementation with the amino acid tyrosine (TYR) prevents depletion of central catecholamines observed during acute environmental stress. Concomitant changes in the animals' behavioral responses to stress suggest that TYR might have similar effects on central catecholamines and cognition in humans exposed to environmental stress. This study aimed to determine if severe cold exposure impairs human cognition and if dietary supplementation with TYR would ameliorate such deficits. Volunteers (N = 19) completed three test sessions on different days (35 °C control/placebo, ∼ 10 °C/placebo, ∼ 10 °C/TYR) using a double-blind, within subjects design. During each session, volunteers completed two 90-minute water immersions and consumed a food bar (150 mg/kg TYR or placebo) before each immersion (total TYR 300 mg/kg). Cognitive performance, mood, and salivary cortisol were assessed. Cortisol was elevated in the cold (p < .01). Volunteers made fewer correct responses on a Match-to-Sample memory measure (p < .05) and reaction time (RT) and errors increased on a choice RT test (p < .01) in the cold. Self-reported tension (p < .01), depression (p < .05) and confusion (p < .01) also increased in the cold. When volunteers consumed TYR, correct responses increased on a Match-to-Sample memory measure (p < .05) and study time for the sample was shorter (p < .05), indicative of more rapid and accurate information processing. Finally, RT on the memory measure revealed a similar pattern across immersions for TYR and thermoneutral conditions, but not cold/placebo (p < .05). This study demonstrates cold exposure degrades cognitive performance and supplementation with TYR alleviates working memory decrements. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Omega-3 fatty acids as treatments for mental illness: Which disorder and which fatty acid?; Background. A growing number of observational and epidemiological studies have suggested that mental illness, in particular mood disorders, is associated with reduced dietary intake and/or cellular abundance of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA). This has prompted researchers to test the efficacy of omega-3 PUFA in a range of different psychiatric disorders. We have critically reviewed the double blind placebo controlled clinical trials published prior to April 2007 to determine whether omega-3 PUFA are likely to be efficacious in these disorders. Results. Most trials involved a small number of participants but were largely well designed. Omega-3 PUFA were well tolerated by both children and adults with mild gastrointestinal effects being the only consistently reported adverse event. For schizophrenia and borderline personality disorder we found little evidence of a robust clinically relevant effect. In the case of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and related disorders, most trials showed at most small benefits over placebo. A limited meta-analysis of these trials suggested that benefits of omega-3 PUFA supplementation may be greater in a classroom setting than at home. Some evidence indicates that omega-3 PUFA may reduce symptoms of anxiety although the data is preliminary and inconclusive. The most convincing evidence for beneficial effects of omega-3 PUFA is to be found in mood disorders. A meta-analysis of trials involving patients with major depressive disorder and bipolar disorder provided evidence that omega-3 PUFA supplementation reduces symptoms of depression. Furthermore, meta-regression analysis suggests that supplementation with eicosapentaenoic acid may be more beneficial in mood disorders than with docosahexaenoic acid, although several confounding factors prevented a definitive conclusion being made regarding which species of omega-3 PUFA is most beneficial. The mechanisms underlying the apparent efficacy of omega-3 PUFA in mood disorders compared to schizophrenia are discussed as is a rational for the possibly greater efficacy of EPA compared to DHA Conclusion. While it is not currently possible to recommend omega-3 PUFA as either a mono- or adjunctive-therapy in any mental illness, the available evidence is strong enough to justify continued study, especially with regard to attentional, anxiety and mood disorders. © 2007 Ross et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
The immune-mediated alteration of serotonin and glutamate: Towards an integrated view of depression; Beside the well-known deficiency in serotonergic neurotransmission as pathophysiological correlate of major depression (MD), recent evidence points to a pivotal role of increased glutamate receptor activation as well. However, cause and interaction of these neurotransmitter alterations are not understood. In this review, we present a hypothesis integrating current concepts of neurotransmission and hypothalamus-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis dysregulation with findings on immunological alterations and alterations in brain morphology in MD. An immune activation including increased production of proinflammatory cytokines has repeatedly been described in MD. Proinflammatory cytokines such as interleukin-2, interferon-γ, or tumor necrosis factor-α activate the tryptophan- and serotonin-degrading enzyme indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase (IDO). Depressive states during inflammatory somatic disorders are also associated with increased proinflammatory cytokines and increased consumption of tryptophan via activation of IDO. An enhanced consumption of serotonin and its precursor tryptophan through IDO activation could well explain the reduced availability of serotonergic neurotransmission in MD. An increased activation of IDO and its subsequent enzyme kynurenine monooxygenase by proinflammatory cytokines, moreover, leads to an enhanced production of quinolinic acid, a strong agonist of the glutamatergic N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor. In inflammatory states of the central nervous system, IDO is mainly activated in microglial cells, which preferentially metabolize tryptophan to the NMDA receptor agonist quinolinic acid, whereas astrocytes - counteracting this metabolism due to the lack of an enzyme of this metabolism - have been observed to be reduced in MD. Therefore the type 1/type 2 immune response imbalance, associated with an astrocyte/microglia imbalance, leads to serotonergic deficiency and glutamatergic overproduction. Astrocytes are further strongly involved in re-uptake and metabolic conversion of glutamate. The reduced number of astrocytes could contribute to both, a diminished counterregulation of IDO activity in microglia and an altered glutamatergic neurotransmission. Further search for antidepressant agents should take into account anti-inflammatory drugs, for example, cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitors, might exert antidepressant effects by acting on serotonergic deficiency, glutamatergic hyperfunction and antagonizing neurotoxic effects of quinolinic acid. © 2007 Nature Publishing Group All rights reserved. ER  - 
Risk management of nutritional supplements in chronic illness: The implications for the care of cancer and depression; The use of complementary medicines in patients suffering from chronic illnesses such as cancer and depression is widely documented. Current studies suggest that the prevalence of the use of complementary medicines in patients with cancer ranges from 7% to 80%. In patients suffering from severe depression the use of complementary medicines may be >40%. The aim of the present review is to systematically explore the main dimensions that clinicians have to consider when advising patients suffering from these conditions. The Medline and Cochrane databases were searched for evidence relating to the benefits and risks of supplements in the treatment of cancer and depression, including the potential interactions with pharmaco- and radiotherapy. Supplements predominantly used by patients with cancer include vitamins A, C and E, β-carotene and ubiquinone 10. Supplements predominantly used by patients with depression include S-adenosylmethionine, l-tryptophan and 5-hydroxytryptophan and inositol. Supplements potentially used by both groups include n-3 fatty acids, Se and folic acid. Four dimensions are identified and discussed: effectiveness; safety; communication; medico-legal aspects. These dimensions have to be addressed in an illness- and case-specific context. This task can be complex given the emerging clinical evidence, patients' own preferences and expectations and current prescribing guidelines. © 2007 The Author. ER  - 
Serum phospholipid n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids and physical and mental health in a population-based survey of New Zealand adolescents and adults; Background: Evidence from observational studies suggests that there is an association between n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids and depression; however, this association has yet to be examined in a population-based study. Objective: The objective was to assess whether n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids in serum phospholipids are associated with mental and physical well-being. Design: The fatty acid composition of serum phospholipids was measured in 2416 New Zealanders aged ≥ 15 y who took part in the 1997 National Nutrition Survey. The mental and physical component scores were assessed by using the short-form 36 health questionnaire. Results: After adjustment for a number of covariates, there was a significant positive trend in self-reported physical well-being across the quintiles of eicosapentaenoic acid (P for trend = 0.009) and the ratio of eicosapentaenoic to arachidonic acid (P for trend = 0.012). The differences in the physical component score between the first and fifth quintiles were 2.4 and 2.5 points, respectively. The results showed that neither the proportion of eicosapentaenoic acid nor that of docosahexaenoic acid was associated with the mental component score; however, there was a significant positive trend in mental well-being across the quintiles of the ratio of eicosapentaenoic to arachidonic acid (P for trend = 0.044). Conclusion: The results from this population-based survey of New Zealanders suggest a strong and consistent association between eicosapentaenoic acid in serum phospholipids and self-reported physical well-being; the association with mental well-being is less compelling. © 2007 American Society for Nutrition. ER  - 
High ω-6 and low ω-3 fatty acids are associated with depressive symptoms and neuroticism; OBJECTIVE: To examine the concentrations of ω-3 and ω-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids in serum obtained from nonpatient community volunteers not selected for hypercholesterolemia. Previously we reported that the relative concentrations of ω-3 and ω-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids in serum covary with depressive symptomatology and neuroticism in hypercholesterolemic adults. METHODS: A total of 116 adults without current Axis I psychopathology completed the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) and the NEO Personality Inventory-Revised (NEO-PI-R). Fasting serum phospholipid eicosapentaenoic (EPA), docosahexaenoic (DHA), and arachidonic acid (AA) were determined (% of total pool). RESULTS: Higher AA and AA:EPA ratio, adjusted for age, gender, and race, were associated with greater depressive symptomatology (BDI score of ≥10). Lower EPA, and higher AA, AA:EPA ratio and AA:DHA ratio were associated with greater NEO-PI-R Neuroticism. The six Neuroticism subscales were each associated with two or more fatty acid measurements. CONCLUSIONS: In conjunction with other reports, these findings suggest that the ω-3 and ω-6 fatty acids are related to negative affect at both the symptom and trait levels. Copyright © 2007 by American Psychosomatic Society. ER  - 
An unusual cause of recurrent chest pain in a highly trained recreational athlete; Anamnesis: Here, the case of a 48-year-old highly trained patient without classic myocardial risk factors is described who reported on frequent and recurrent angina pectoris. In a previous examination, the test for cardiac troponin T (cTnT) was slightly positive, however, cardiac examination including myocardial perfusion scintigraphy and coronary catheterization was without pathologic findings. Worth mentioning in the past medical history was a rheumatoid arthritis with persistent Raynaud's symptoms and hemoglobin as well as hematocrit levels in the upper normal range. Examinations and Course of Events: The patient reported that symptoms would occur most likely during long-term endurance exercise. Therefore, a bicycle ergometry with 180 W and open ending was performed. After 1.55 h, the patient complained of severe angina pectoris. The ECG showed massive ST segment elevations in II, III, and aVF (Figure 2). However, coronary catheterization showed no major stenosis or occlusion. Nevertheless, cTnT increased to 0.979 ng/ml. (Therefore, the reason for the symptomatic ST elevation was believed to be a myocardial tissue damage due to coronary vasospasm and the patient received an antivasospastic medication (amlodipine, atorvastatin, and acetylsalicylic acid [ASS]). After 6 months, the patient had a relapse during moderate physical activity. The ECG showed an ST segment depression in V4 and V5 while markers for myocardial tissue damage including cTnT were negative. A coronary CT angiography was performed that revealed a subtotal stenosis of the proximal LAD (Figure 3), which was successfully treated by angioplasty with subsequent stenting. In the course of further examinations, a polycythemia vera (JAK2-V617 mutation) was diagnosed as the cause for the high hemoglobin and hematocrit levels. Since then, the patient was without further events under a medication consisting of ASS, atorvastatin, candesartan, and intermittent phlebotomy. Conclusion: Although a relative weighting is difficult, it can be assumed that the combined effects of a polycythemia- associated hypercoagulability, an increased reagibility of the coronary arteries (aggravated by physical stress) as well as a hemoconcentration following prolonged exercise, could account for symptomatic recurrent minor thrombotic coronary events as well as the subtotal occlusion of the LAD. Obviously, this could not be prevented by a healthy lifestyle, regular physical activity, and the absence of classic coronary risk factors. © 2007 Urban & Vogel. ER  - 
A rash decision; A 38-year-old HIV+ Ohio man with a recent CD4+ count of 534 cells/mL presented to his physician with 3 weeks of fever as high as 102°F. He noted mild myalgias, pruritus, and an occasional cough but no headache, sore throat, dyspnea, rash, or gastrointestinal or genitourinary complaints. He had been seen elsewhere 2 weeks previously, when he had reported a single episode of receptive oral sex with a male partner several weeks earlier. He had been prescribed ciprofloxacin and azithromycin, but a throat swab came back negative for Chlamydia and Neisseria gonorrhoeae, and he reported no change in his symptoms after the course of antibiotics. He denied smoking or using street drugs. His only medications were citalopram and trazodone for depression. © 2007 Society of Hospital Medicine. ER  - 
Validating the domestic fowl as a model to investigate the pathophysiology of diclofenac in Gyps vultures; Diclofenac has recently been identified as a cause of the widespread vulture decline on the Indian subcontinent. Although the clinical signs and pathology have been described, the pathophysiology of toxicity remains unexplained. In the following study we attempt to validate the domestic fowl as a model, to allow for the further characterisation of diclofenac's mechanism of toxicity. In a lethal dose study, diclofenac was shown to have an approximate intramuscular LD50 of 9.8 mg/kg in 18-week old layers. Signs of toxicity in the affected birds were severe depression that persisted from 24 h post-dosing to death with corresponding increased plasma uric acid concentrations. Post-mortem examinations showed signs of gout with deposits of urates (tophi) in the kidneys, liver, heart and spleen. The pharmacokinetics after both the intramuscular and oral route showed that diclofenac had a short half-life of elimination of approximately 1 h, a volume of distribution of 0.09-0.24 l/kg and relative oral bioavailability of 50% compared to intramuscular administration. With the similarity in the clinical signs, necropsy findings, histopatological lesions and clinical pathological changes, the fowl may be used in further studies to characterise the mechanism of toxicity of diclofenac. However, due to the large difference in susceptibility of the fowl, it is not a suitable model to simulate the dose-response relationship of the vulture to the other non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs. © 2007 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Caffeic acid phenetyl ester accelerates cutaneous wound healing in a rat model and decreases oxidative stress; Background. Cutaneous injury causes a depression in antioxidant status, as reactive oxygen species (ROS) are produced in response to injury. Aim. To determine the effects of caffeic acid phenethyl ester (CAPE), an antioxidant and anti-inflammatory agent, on wound healing in rats. Methods. In total, 40 male rats were divided into two groups: one group treated with CAPE (n = 20) and a second untreated control group (n = 20). A linear full-thickness incision was performed on the back of each rat and sutured. After incision, CAPE was given to the treatment group and saline to the control group. On days 1, 3, 7 and 14, five animals in each group were killed, and wound tissues dissected for biochemical and histopathological analysis. Results. Wound tissues showed a significant increase in glutathione and nitric oxide levels, and a significant decrease in malondialdehyde levels and superoxide dismutase levels in the CAPE group compared with the control group. Histopathology of the wound tissues displayed rapid epithelium development in the CAPE group compared with the control group. Conclusion. This study has demonstrated that CAPE partly accelerates full-thickness wound healing by its antioxidant and ROS-scavenging capabilities. © 2007 The Author(s). ER  - 
Etanercept significantly improves quality of life of patients with psoriasis: Current literature review; Psoriasis is a chronic inflammatory skin disease which often requires lifelong treatment. Many patients suffering from psoriasis report dissatisfaction from traditional antipsoriatic therapies, because they are often not enough effective, they provide only temporal improvement and may be responsible for considerable side-effects, especially at long-term usage. The vast majority of psoriatic subjects demonstrate significantly diminished health-related quality of life (HRQoL). Introduction of biologic agents begun a new era of immunopathogenic targeted therapies for psoriasis. These drugs seem to be of special usefulness for patient who did not respond or have contraindication to other systemic therapies. Because of high efficacy and favorable safety profile, they may be used for a very long period of time without significant risk of side effects. Etanercept is a soluble tumor necrosis factor α receptor approved for the treatment of plaque psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis. Etanercept has been proven to be highly effective in the treatment of psoriasis. Several reports also documented, that the therapy with etanercept significantly improves patients' quality of life (QoL). Recent meta-analysis on the effect of biologicals on QoL in psoriatics revealed, that among all approved biologic agents for the treatment of psoriasis the greatest improvement of HRQoL was noted in etanercept and infliximab group. Over 60% improvement of Dermatology Life Quality Index was noted at week 12 compared to baseline in patients receiving 50 mg of etanercept per week. Moreover, etanercept treatment also reduced fatigue and symptoms of depression associated with psoriasis. Copyright © 2007 Cornetis. ER  - 
Antioxidant potential of fluoxetine in comparison to Curcuma longa in restraint-stressed rats; Stress plays a potential role in the onset and exacerbation of depression. Chronic restraint stress in rats, and psychosocial stress in humans, is implicated in the pathophysiology of mood and anxiety disorders. Oxidative damage is an established outcome of restraint stress, which has been suggested to induce many damaging processes contributing to the pathology of stress-induced depression. However, the modulatory role of clinically effective antidepressants, such as fluoxetine, in attenuating oxidative stress has not been well characterized. Therefore, the current study was designed to investigate the antioxidant effects of chronic treatment with fluoxetine in animals submitted to restraint stress. The antioxidant potential of the antidepressant fluoxetine was compared with that of turmeric, used as a standard since it integrates both antioxidant and antidepressant properties. Chronic fluoxetine administration to stressed animals for 21 days prevented restraint stress-induced oxidative damage with an efficacy similar to that of turmeric, as evidenced by significant enhancement of key endogenous antioxidant defense components, comprising the free-radical scavenging enzymes, superoxide:superoxide oxidoreductase (EC 1.15.1.1), hydrogen-peroxide:hydrogen-peroxide oxidoreductase (EC 1.11.1.6), glutathione S-transferase (EC 2.5.1.18) and glutathione:NADP+oxidoreductase (EC 1.8.1.7), as well as non-enzymatic antioxidants, GSH, glucose and uric acid, which were severely depleted by restraint stress in animals receiving no treatment. Oxidative stress markers, (S)-lactate:NAD+ oxidoreductase activity (EC 1.1.1.27), malondialdehyde levels (lipid peroxidation product) and protein carbonyl content were also significantly decreased following fluoxetine treatment. Both these drugs when given alone to non-stressed animals did not alter basal levels of antioxidant defense components and oxidative stress markers significantly. Our findings suggest that the therapeutic efficacy of fluoxetine may be mediated, at least partially, via reversal of oxidative damage as demonstrated by protective enhancement of antioxidant status following a stress-induced decline. In addition, this study demonstrates important implications for pharmacological interventions targeting cellular antioxidants as a promising strategy for protecting against oxidative insults in stress-induced depression. © 2007 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Omega-3 fatty acid eicosapentaenoic acid. A new treatment for psychiatric and neurodegenerative diseases: A review of clinical investigations; Decreased n-3 fatty acid levels have been reported in patients with depression, schizophrenia or Alzheimer's disease. Recently, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) has been used to treat several psychiatric and neurodegenerative diseases due to its anti-inflammatory and neuroprotective effects. A total of six out of seven clinical trials have shown that EPA significantly improved depressive symptoms when compared with the placebo-treated populations. Several investigations have also reported that EPA could effectively treat schizophrenia. A case report and a clinical trial have shown that EPA was beneficial for the management of most symptoms of Huntington's disease, while a more extensive clinical investigation has demonstrated that EPA could only improve motor functions. Further clinical studies are required to fully explore the effects of EPA on other neuroclegenerative diseases. The limitations of previous studies and further research directions have also been discussed. © 2007 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Clinical skills day: preparing third year medical students for their rural rotation.; INTRODUCTION: In order to prepare third year medical students in the Rural Physician Associate Program for a nine-month community-based continuity care experience in rural Minnesota, USA, a clinical skills day that featured human patient simulators and standardized patients was developed. Patients presenting with common urgent and routine primary-care problems were developed and presented using the objective structured clinical examination for teaching. The goals of the day were to: (1) distinguish urgent from non-urgent clinical presentation; (2) use clinical guidelines for making decisions; (3) communicate effectively in stressful situations; and (4) uncover a significant clinical issue with a different presenting complaint. METHODS: Case scenarios were written for a variety of diagnoses in patients with differing ages. Scenarios were both urgent and non-urgent and typical of what might be encountered in primary care. They included: chest pain with bradycardia and pulseless electrical activity; major trauma from an all-terrain vehicle; labor and delivery; acute abdomen (acute appendicitis in a 20 year old and diverticulitis in a 70 year old); anaphylaxis after an influenza vaccination; pediatric upper respiratory infection in which the mother demanded antibiotics; knee injury in a middle-aged man after a weekend of football; heartburn with an underlying significant depression; and X-ray review. The experience occurred in the Interprofessional Education and Resource Center (IERC), where each room was a fully equipped ambulatory examination room with a computer for accessing data and a video camera for central monitoring. Faculty were recruited from the College of Medicine and received an on-line presentation orienting them to the IERC, the teaching model and the scenario assigned to them with supporting evidence-based guidelines. Students reviewed an on-line audio-visual presentation orienting them to the IERC and outlining the learning expectations for the day. Otherwise, students were not expected to prepare for the day because this was an immersion learning experience. Faculty were present in each room as observers, facilitators and educators. Their roles were active or passive, depending on the case scenario and the presence of a simulator or standardized patient. Each station, except the radiology station, involved a debriefing at the end for final questions, and distribution of educational resources or summary teaching points. Standardized patients also gave the students feedback. Students were randomly assigned to small groups of three to four students and rotated through the stations as a unit. RESULTS: To date two classes of students (n = 77) have participated. Evaluations were completed by both students and faculty and included both qualitative and quantitative data immediately after the event and 9 months later (n = 59). Evaluations were overwhelmingly positive with means well above four on a five-point Likert scale. Feedback from both immediate and delayed evaluations were and continue to be used to improve the session for the following year. CONCLUSION: Both students and faculty were enthusiastic about this 'hands on' team learning format, which provided students with opportunities to begin to understand the complex skills that they will need before they learn them step-by-step. ER  - 
Tolerability of omega-3 fatty acid supplements in perinatal women; Background: Benefits of omega-3 fatty acids in perinatal women are well documented, although fish intake has declined among perinatal women. Objective: To determine the tolerability of omega-3 fatty acid supplementation in perinatal women. Design: Pregnant and postpartum women with major depressive disorder (MDD) entered an 8-week double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of omega-3 fatty acids. Four capsules provided 1.84 g/day of eicosapentanoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), or matching placebo (corn oil with 1% fish oil to maintain blind). Tolerability was assessed by clinician interview biweekly. Results: Fifty-nine women enrolled. Thirteen (22%) reported mainly transient side effects including dizziness, diarrhea, nausea, burping, heartburn/reflux, difficulty swallowing capsules, unpleasant breath/bad taste or feeling tired. The most common were unpleasant breath/bad taste and heartburn/reflux. Six reporting side effects received omega-3 fatty acids; seven received placebo. Neither pregnant nor postpartum women discontinued due to intolerability. Conclusions: Omega-3 fatty acid supplements were well tolerated by perinatal women. © 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Nipple contouring with hyaluronics postmastectomy.; The lack of a naturally shaped nipple-areola complex following mastectomy presents a significant psychological hindrance for many breast cancer patients. While tattoos may improve the overall color of the reconstructed breast, the shape of the areola-nipple complex frequently remains deformed. Injecting hyaluronic acid may enable the 3-dimension contour of this area to be restored to a more natural appearance. This restoration may be associated with improvement of self-image and reduction in the depression that sometimes follows a mastectomy. ER  - 
Recent developments in the significance and therapeutic relevance of neuroactive steroids - Introduction to the special issue; This special issue heralds an exciting time in the field when the significance of neuroactive steroids in the regulation of inhibitory transmission is being realized and translated to new treatments for intractable neurologic and psychiatric conditions. In the past year, the binding sites for neuroactive steroids on γ-aminobutyric acid type A (GABAA) receptors have been discovered and clinical trials for epilepsy and traumatic brain injury have been successful. New data in animal models points to the potential value of neuroactive steroids in other central nervous system (CNS) disorders including depression, schizophrenia, alcoholism, multiple sclerosis and other neurodegenerative conditions. How can one class of compounds have so many potential applications? The answer may lie in the ability of neuroactive steroids to regulate synaptic and extrasynaptic inhibitory transmission across brain, hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis function, inflammatory processes and myelin formation. The manuscripts in this issue of Pharmacology and Therapeutics will bring you up to date on the sites of neurosteroid actions, the systemic and molecular consequences of these actions and the potential therapeutic relevance of neuroactive steroid effects for CNS disease. These studies point to the opportunity for more translational research into potential therapeutic applications and the need for evaluation of potential untoward side effects following long-term treatment. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Inflammation, depression and dementia: Are they connected?; Chronic inflammation is now considered to be central to the pathogenesis not only of such medical disorders as cardiovascular disease, multiple sclerosis, diabetes and cancer but also of major depression. If chronic inflammatory changes are a common feature of depression, this could predispose depressed patients to neurodegenerative changes in later life. Indeed there is now clinical evidence that depression is a common antecedent of Alzheimer's disease and may be an early manifestation of dementia before the cognitive declines becomes apparent. This review summarises the evidence that links chronic low grade inflammation with changes in brain structure that could precipitate neurodegenerative changes associated with Alzheimer's disease and other dementias. For example, neuronal loss is a common feature of major depression and dementia. It is hypothesised that the progress from depression to dementia could result from the activation of macrophages in the blood, and microglia in the brain, that release pro-inflammatory cytokines. Such cytokines stimulate a cascade of inflammatory changes (such as an increase in prostaglandin E2, nitric oxide in addition to more pro-inflammatory cytokines) and a hypersecretion of cortisol. The latter steroid inhibits protein synthesis thereby reducing the synthesis of neurotrophic factors and preventing reairto damages neuronal networks. In addition, neurotoxic end products of the tryptophan-kynurenine pathway, such as quinolinic acid, accumulate in astrocytes and neurons in both depression and dementia. Thus increased neurodegeneration, reduced neuroprotection and neuronal repair are common pathological features of major depression and dementia. Such changes may help to explain why major depression is a frequent prelude to dementia in later life. © 2007 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC. ER  - 
The role of omega-3 fatty acids in the treatment of bipolar disorders: The current situation; BACKGROUND: There is great interest in the use of omega-3 fatty acids in the treatment of various psychiatric disorders. Epidemiological investigations show that a high consumption of omega-3 fatty acids is in inverse proportion to the prevalence of affective disorders. AIM: To provide an overview of current research reports on the use of omega-3 fatty acids and bipolar disorders. METHOD: Medline was searched with the following MeSH terms: 'mood disorders', 'affective disorders', 'bipolar disorders', 'fish oil', 'unsaturated dietary fats', 'omega-3 fatty acids', 'eicosapentaenoic acid', 'docosahexaenoic acid' and 'alpha-linolenic acid'. RESULTS: To date, articles have been published about four randomized controlled trials and one open-label study. Omega-3 fatty acids, when added to an existing psychopharmacological maintenance treatment for bipolar disorder, can have a slight beneficial effect on depressive symptoms. There is no clear evidence that this combination has a beneficial effect on manic symptoms. CONCLUSION: Current data on the efficacy of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) in the treatment of bipolar disorder are insufficient for us to draw definite conclusions that can guide clinical practice. Further investigations are required into the effects of omega-3 fatty acids on the various phases of bipolar disorder. ER  - 
Metabolic effects of poisoning; Biochemical abnormalities due to disturbed metabolic processes are common in severely poisoned patients. These may be of diagnostic value, but most importantly their recognition and treatment are important in the management of these patients. Acid-base abnormalites, particularly respiratory and metabolic acidoses, are common. Respiratory acidoses due to central nervous system depression or pulmomary toxicity, and metabolic acidoses due to lactic acidaemia or derangements of intermediary metabolism are particular features of poisoning. Plasma electrolyte abnormalities, particularly hyper- or hypokalaemia are found commonly in poisoned patients, most often due to redistribution of potassium across cell membranes. Hypoglycaemia is most frequently due to drug overdose. © 2007. ER  - 
Factors affecting spinal cord stimulation outcome in chronic benign pain with suggestions to improve success rate.; For patient selection, psychological factors like fear avoidance, depression, secondary gain or refusal to be weaned off narcotics should be avoided. Trial Stimulation is an important tool to reduce the rate of failed permanent implants, and to improve cost-effectiveness. The etiology of pain has a strong influence on the success rate. The success rate is inversely proportional to the time interval from the initial onset of symptoms to the time of implantation. Multi-polar and multi-channel systems improve the long-term reliability and success rate and have proven to reduce the incidence of open surgery in case of electrode displacement. Third party coverage like the Worker's Compensation negatively affects the long term success. Reducing the complication rate directly benefits long term success rates. The electrode fracture rate can be reduced by using the paramedian approach, the use of three wing silicone anchor placed immediately at the point of exit of the lead from the deep fascia and avoiding a hard plastic twist lock anchor. The displacements can be reduced by fixing the anchor to the deep fascia firmly, supplemented by the use of silicone glue, and by placing the implantable pulse generator (IPG) in the abdominal wall, instead of the gluteal region. The use of prophylactic antibiotics tends to reduce the infection rate. ER  - 
Serum S100B and antioxidant enzymes in bipolar patients; Bipolar disorder (BD) is a chronic, severe, and highly disabling psychiatric disorder; peripheral markers have been used to assess biochemical alterations associated with BD and/or possibly involved in its pathophysiology. Beyond neuronal commitment, many groups have proposed the involvement of glial activity in psychiatric disorders. Other biochemical markers, particularly associated with oxidative stress, have been studied in BD. In the present study, we evaluated glial involvement and oxidative stress in patients with BD. Glial activity was assessed by measuring serum S100B content; oxidative stress was assessed using serum thiobarbituric acid reactive substances (TBARS) and activities of antioxidant enzymes in BD patients during different episodes of disease. We found a significant increment of serum S100B during episodes of mania and depression, but not in euthymic patients. Superoxide dismutase (SOD) activity, as well the SOD/glutathione peroxidase plus catalase ratio, was also increased in manic and depressed patients. On the other hand, TBARS levels were increased in BD patients regardless of the phase of the disorder. These findings suggest a potential oxidative damage in BD patients. This peripheral oxidative imbalance indicates that systemic changes are taking place during the active phases of the illness. Such changes appear to relate to astrocyte function, as indicated by serum S100B elevation. © 2006. ER  - 
Chronic valproic acid intoxication: Reversal by naloxone; 76-year-old woman being treated with sodium valproate for bipolar depression presented with a 4 day history of acute confusion and tremulousness. She had apnoeic episodes, reduced conscious level and generalised myoclonic movements. Her plasma valproate concentration was 848 μmol/l (normal 300-600 μmol/l). Administration of naloxone 0.8 mg led to rapid clinical improvement. Naloxone may be useful in reversing the features of chronic valproate toxicity. ER  - 
Local enhancement of cannabinoid CB1 receptor signalling in the dorsal hippocampus elicits an antidepressant-like effect; Systemic administration of direct cannabinoid CB1 receptor agonists and inhibitors of the hydrolytic enzyme fatty acid amide hydrolase have been shown to elicit antidepressant effects. Moreover, the endocannabinoid system in the hippocampus is sensitive to both chronic stress and antidepressant administration, suggesting a potential role of this system in emotional changes associated with these regimens. The aim of this study was to determine if cannabinoid CB1 receptors in the hippocampus modulate emotionality in rats as assessed via the forced swim test. Male Sprague-Dawley rats were bilaterally implanted with cannulae directed at the dentate gyrus of the dorsal hippocampus and subsequently received three infusions of either the cannabinoid CB1 receptor agonist HU-210 (1 and 2.5 μg), the fatty acid amide hydrolase inhibitor URB597 (0.5 and 1 μg), the cannabinoid CB1 receptor antagonist AM251 (1 and 2.5 μg), or vehicle (dimethyl sulfoxide) and were assessed in the forced swim test. Infusion of both doses of HU-210 resulted in a dramatic reduction in immobility and increase in swimming behaviour, indicative of an antidepressant response, which was partially reversed by coadministration of AM251. No effect of URB597 administration or any effect following the administration of AM251 alone was, however, observed. These data indicate that activation of CB1 receptors in the dentate gyrus of the hippocampus results in an antidepressant-like response. Collectively, these data highlight the potential importance of changes in the hippocampal endocannabinoid system following stress or antidepressant treatment with respect to the manifestation and/or treatment of depression. © 2007 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
Effect of the COX-2 inhibitor celecoxib on behavioural and immune changes in an olfactory bulbectomised rat model of depression; Background: The olfactory bulbectomised (OBX) rat model is a chronic model of depression in which behavioural and neuroimmunoendocrine changes are reversed only after chronic antidepressant treatment. The cyclooxygenase 2 (COX-2) inhibitor celecoxib has been shown to improve the depressive symptoms in patients with major depression. Methods: The association between blood and brain immunological and behavioural changes in chronic treatment with COX-2 inhibitor was explored in the OBX rats and their sham-operated controls. Results: The OBX group showed significantly higher locomotor activity than the other groups in the first 5 min in the open field. In the home cage emergence test, the OBX group showed a significantly shorter latency period compared to the sham group (z = -3.192, p = 0.001) but there was no difference between the other three groups. In the hypothalamus, the OBX group had a significantly higher interleukin 1β (IL-1β) concentration than the OBX + celecoxib group (z = -1.89, p = 0.05) as well as a significantly higher IL-10 concentration (z = -1.995, p = 0.046). In the prefrontal cortex, the OBX group showed significantly higher concentrations of tumour necrosis factor α (z = -2.205, p = 0.028) and IL-1β (z = -3.361, p = 0.001) than the OBX + celecoxib group, but a significantly lower concentration of IL-10 (p = -3.361, p = 0.001) than the OBX + celecoxib group. Conclusions: The results of this study supported the potential therapeutic role of the COX-2 inhibitor celecoxib. It is possible that the behavioural changes following the chronic administration of celecoxib to the OBX rats are associated with an attenuation of the increase in the pro-inflammatory cytokines in the brain. Copyright © 2007 S. Karger AG. ER  - 
Omega-3 DHA and EPA for cognition, behavior, and mood: Clinical findings and structural-functional synergies with cell membrane phospholipids; The omega-3 fatty acids docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) are orthomolecular, conditionally essential nutrients that enhance quality of life and lower the risk of premature death. They function exclusively via cell membranes, in which they are anchored by phospholipid molecules. DHA is proven essential to pre- and postnatal brain development, whereas EPA seems more influential on behavior and mood. Both DHA and EPA generate neuroprotective metabolites. In double-blind, randomized, controlled trials, DHA and EPA combinations have been shown to benefit attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (AD/HD), autism, dyspraxia, dyslexia, and aggression. For the affective disorders, meta-analyses confirm benefits in major depressive disorder (MDD) and bipolar disorder, with promising results in schizophrenia and initial benefit for borderline personality disorder. Accelerated cognitive decline and mild cognitive impairment (MCI) correlate with lowered tissue levels of DHA/EPA, and supplementation has improved cognitive function. Huntington disease has responded to EPA. Omega-3 phospholipid supplements that combine DHA/EPA and phospholipids into the same molecule have shown marked promise in early clinical trials. Phosphatidylserine with DHA/ EPA attached (Omega-3 PS) has been shown to alleviate AD/ HD symptoms. Krill omega-3 phospholipids, containing mostly phosphatidylcholine (PC) with DHA/EPA attached, markedly outperformed conventional fish oil DHA/EPA triglycerides in double-blind trials for premenstrual syndrome/dysmenorrhea and for normalizing blood lipid profiles. Krill omega-3 phospholipids demonstrated anti-inflammatory activity, lowering C-reactive protein (CRP) levels in a double-blind trial. Utilizing DHA and EPA together with phospholipids and membrane antioxidants to achieve a "triple cell membrane synergy" may further diversify their currently wide range of clinical applications. ER  - 
Drug treatment of moving disorders and neuropsychiatry symptoms accompanying Huntington's disease: A systematic review; Huntington's disease (HD) belongs to a large group of neurodegenerative diseases caused by a genetic defect consisting in an increased number of repetitive sequences of DNA within the altered gene in the chromosome 4 encoding huntingtin. The consequence of this mutation is selective destruction of neurons mainly within the caudate nucleus, putamen, globus pallidus and also other structures, including thalamus and white matter. Apart of involuntary movements, symptoms include other neurological signs (e.g. parkinsonism), disturbed cognitive functions (dementia) and various psychiatric disorders. In spite of a significant progress in understanding HD pathogenesis, no effective cause-oriented treatment has been developed to date. Currently available therapies include attempts at correction of individual symptoms, which, as in the case of Parkinson's disease, is handicapped by mutual interdependence of neurological and mental state, as well as by effects of administered drugs, both psychotropic and those targeted on particular neurological signs. In the paper we present an evidence based review of available modalities for symptomatic treatment of motor disorders (involuntary movements, parkinsonism, dystonias), other neurological symptoms, mental disorders (depression, psychoses) and disturbances of cognitive functions associated with HD. Separately discussed are attempts at administration of neuroprotective drugs (including creatine, unsaturated fatty acids and minocycline), which are recommended expecting to correct the natural course of the disease. © Aktualn Neurol 2007. ER  - 
Effects of electric mildly-warmed needle of inner mongolian medicine on liver MDA and GSH content, GSH-Px and SOD activity in fatigue rats; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effect of electric mildly-warmed needle of inner Mongolian medicine on changes of free radical metabolism in the liver tissue of rats with fatigue. METHODS: A total of 33 male SD rats were evenly randomized into control, model and electro-mildly-warmed needle (EMWN) groups. Fatigue model was established by forcing the rat to swim in a water pool till exhaustion, once daily, continuously for 21 days. "Dinghui" (central spot of the bregmatic bone) and "Xinxue" (the center of the depression beneath the 7th thoracic vertebra) were punctured with silver needle which was warmed electrically by using a MLY-I Electrical Needle-warming Apparatus, once every 3 days. 7 sessions altogether. After decapitation, the rat's liver was taken, homogenated and centrifuged for detecting malondialdehyde (MDA) content with thio-barbituric acid, reduced glutathione (GSH) contents, glutathione peroxidase (GSH-Px) activity with chromatometry and superoxide dismutase (SOD) activity with xanthine oxidase method respectively. RESULTS: Compared with control group, liver GSH content, GSH-Px and SOD activity in model group lowered significantly (P < 0.05, 0.01), while in comparison with model group, these 3 indexes of EMWN group increased considerably (P < 0.05, 0.01). No significant differences were found among 3 groups in MDA levels (P > 0.05). The results showed that the effect of mildly-warmed needle treatment could resist fatigue induced decline of activity of antioxidant enzymes. CONCLUSION: Electric mildly-warmed needle therapy of inner Mongolian medicine can raise the activity of antioxidant enzymes in liver tissue of fatigue rats, which may underlie the action of mildly-warmed needle in improving fatigue. ER  - 
Neuroleptic properties of the ion-channel-forming peptaibol zervamicin: Locomotor activity and behavioral effects; Zervamicins IIA and IIB are members of the peptaibol family of peptide antibiotics. They are produced by the fungus Emericellopsis salmosynnemata. Peptaibols are known to be of potential usefulness for chemotherapeutic applications, as are other secondary fungal metabolites. Previously, we have found zervamicins to decrease spontaneous locomotor activity in mice, suggesting their neurotropic properties on an equal footing with antimicrobial activity. The current study deals with behavioral effects of zervamicins IIA and IIB in mice. According to our results, both zervamicins induce a reliable decrease in locomotion and exploratory activity measured in the hole-board test. The behavioral effects of zervamicin IIA become apparent at lower dosages (0.05-2.0 mg/kg) as compared with zervamicin IIB (0.5-12.0 mg/kg). The experiments on behavioral effects in the elevated plus maze test showed that both zervamicins caused a reliable decrease in the number of head-dippings, open-arm entries, and rearings. The observed behavioral effects may be rather associated with a decrease in the exploratory activity than with anxiety-related responses in mice. Zervamicins induced depression-like behavior of experimental animals in the forced-swim test. Both peptaibols reduce physical endurance and change motor coordination of experimental animals in the bar-holding test. Taken together, the data obtained clearly indicate that both zervamicins possess neuroleptic activity. © 2007 Verlag Helvetica Chimica Acta AG, Zürich. ER  - 
Etanercept in psoriasis: The evidence of its therapeutic impact; Introduction: Psoriasis is a chronic inflammatory skin condition for which there is no cure. Treatment options are designed to control the disease symptoms and improve patients' quality of life, and physical and mental function. Established treatments can be effective but are also limited by tolerability, convenience, cosmetic, and economic issues. Etanercept, a fully human soluble tumor necrosis factor (TNF) receptor protein, is a recently approved systemic treatment for chronic moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. Aim: To evaluate the evidence for the therapeutic value of etanercept in psoriasis. Evidence review: There is clear evidence that etanercept 25 mg or 50 mg twice per week reduces physician-assessed severity of psoriasis and can lead to clearing when compared with placebo. There is substantial evidence that etanercept improves patients' quality of life as determined by both disease-specific and generic instruments. Emerging evidence includes improvements in symptoms associated with depression and fatigue. The tolerability of etanercept in patients with psoriasis appears to be similar to placebo. Initial indications from clinical trials suggest that there is no increased risk of infection or malignancy in etanercept-treated patients with psoriasis. The most common adverse events are reversible injection site reactions. Economic evidence is at present limited, although intermittent etanercept 25 mg is considered cost effective in patients with severe disease unsuitable for systemic treatment. Clinical value: Etanercept is an effective and efficient treatment for patients with moderate to severe psoriasis that may be suitable for intermittent use. ER  - 
Small skin burn injury reduces cardiac tolerance to ischemia via a tumor necrosis factor alpha-dependent pathway; Background: Large burns cause systemic inflammation and myocardial depression. We hypothesized that small burns affect cardiac tolerance to ischemia, and that tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNFα) signaling through endothelin-1 (ET) and nuclear factor kappa B (NFκB) are associated. Methods: Mice were randomly assigned to four groups: burn (caused by boiling water on <2% of the body surface area), sham, burn + etanercept (TNFα blocker) treatment and sham + etanercept treatment. Twenty-four hours later, hearts were isolated and subjected to global ischemia followed by reperfusion. Additional hearts and burned skin lesions were sampled to evaluate expression of TNFα (immunoblotting) and endothelin-1 (radioimmunoassay). A NFκB-luciferase reporter mouse was used to evaluate NFκB activation. Results: Baseline cardiac function before ischemia (BI) was only negligibly influenced by burn or etanercept, but was reduced by burn + etanercept. Burn markedly impaired post-ischemic left ventricular function and increased infarct size in comparison with sham-treated mice. Cardiac, but nut cutaneous, expression of TNFα was increased in burned mice, while cardiac NFκB and endothelin-1 were not influenced. TNFα blockade reduced the detrimental effects of burn on cardiac tolerance to ischemia. Conclusions: Small cutaneous burns, that did not influence baseline heart function, impaired the tolerance to ischemia. This effect may be mediated through TNFα, but does not involve signaling through NFκB or endothelin-1. © 2007. ER  - 
Conjugated linoleic acids can change phagocytosis of human monocytes/macrophages by reduction in cox-2 expression; Prostaglandin E2 produced endogenously (by cyclooxygenases) can regulate macrophage phagocytosis. Cyclooxygenase activity reduction (mainly through inhibition of inducible Cox-2) can induce PGE2 synthesis depression and can activate the phagocytosis process. There are no reports in the literature explaining whether conjugated linoleic acid dienes (trans-10, cis-12 CLA and cis-9, trans-11 CLA) modify the phagocytic activity of human macrophages. For the purpose of this study, monocytes were isolated from venous blood, incubated for 7 days with 30 μM CLAS, and then (in some experiments) LPS (1 μ/mL) was added to the medium. Subsequently, monocyte/macrophage phagocytosis, NF-κB transcription factor activity, Cox-2 and PPARγ mRNA expression (and the amounts of Cox-2 and PPARγ proteins) and PGE 2 synthesis were determined. Both CLA isomers increased macrophage phagocytosis through inhibition of Cox-2 expression (might by inactivation the NF-κB pathway). The inhibition of mRNA Cox-2 expression contributed (particularly with respect to trans-10, cis-12 CLA) to a decrease in protein Cox-2 synthesis and to reduction of prostaglandin E2 content in the cell. The inhibition of PGE2 synthesis (by CLA treatment) enhanced the phagocytosis process in macrophages. © AOCS 2007. ER  - 
Involvement of nitric oxide (NO) signaling pathway in the antidepressant action of bupropion, a dopamine reuptake inhibitor; The present study was undertaken to elucidate the alterations in various behavioral and neurochemical basis of antidepressant action of bupropion [(±)-α-t-butylamino-3-chloropropiophenone], a dopamine reuptake inhibitor and to elucidate the possible mechanism of its action. The involvement of L-arginine-nitric oxide (NO)-cyclic guanosine monophosphate (cGMP) signaling pathway in the antidepressant action of bupropion was investigated besides its actions on various brain transmitters like norepinephrine, dopamine and homovanillic acid. Bupropion (10, 15, 20 and 40 mg/kg., i.p.) dose dependently inhibited the immobility period in mice in both forced swim test and tail suspension test. ED50 values of bupropion in reducing the immobility period was found to be 18.5 and 18 mg/kg i.p., in forced swim test and tail suspension test, respectively. Bupropion (10, 20 and 40 mg/kg., i.p.) reversed the reserpine-induced behavioral despair also. When different doses (10, 15, 20 and 40 mg/kg., i.p.) of bupropion were tested for locomotor activity, it (15, 20 and 40 mg/kg., i.p.) increased locomotor activity. At 20 and 40 mg/kg doses the drug showed hypothermia. The neurochemical analysis of brain samples revealed that bupropion dose dependently (10-40 mg/kg., i.p.) increased the brain contents of dopamine and homovanillic acid in the mouse whole brain. The levels of norepinephrine were also increased at 20 mg/kg dose. The antidepressant-like effect of bupropion (20 mg/kg., i.p.) was prevented by pretreatment with L-arginine (750 mg/kg., i.p.) [substrate for nitric oxide synthase (NOS)]. Pretreatment of mice with 7-nitroindazole (25 mg/kg., i.p.) [a specific neuronal nitric oxide synthase (nNOS) inhibitor] produced potentiation of the action of subeffective dose of bupropion (10 mg/kg i.p.). In addition, treatment of mice with methylene blue (10 mg/kg., i.p.) [direct inhibitor of both nitric oxide synthase (NOS) and soluble guanylate cyclase (sGC)] potentiated the effect of bupropion (10 mg/kg., i.p.) in the forced swim test. Furthermore, the reduction in the immobility period elicited by bupropion (20 mg/kg., i.p.) was also inhibited by pretreatment with sildenafil (5 mg/kg., i.p.) [phosphodiesterase 5 inhibitor]. The study indicated that bupropion possesses antidepressant activities in different animal models of depression through its dopaminergic and/or by modulating the L-arginine-nitric oxide (NO)-cyclic guanosine monophosphate (cGMP) signaling pathway. © 2007 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Final report on the safety assessment of glycyrrhetinic acid, potassium glycyrrhetinate, disodium succinoyl glycyrrhetinate, glyceryl glycyrrhetinate, glycyrrhetinyl stearate, stearyl glycyrrhetinate, glycyrrhizic acid, ammonium glycyrrhizate, dipotassium glycyrrhizate, disodium glycyrrhizate, trisodium glycyrrhizate, methyl glycyrrhizate, and potassium glycyrrhizinate; Glycyrrhetinic Acid and its salts and esters and Glycyrrhizic Acid and its salts and esters are cosmetic ingredients that function as flavoring agents or skin-conditioning agents - miscellaneous or both. These chemicals may be isolated from licorice plants. Glycyrrhetinc Acid is described as at least 98% pure, with 0.6% 24-OH-Glycyrrhetinic Acid, not more than 20 μg/g of heavy metals and not more than 2 μg/g of arsenic. Ammonium Glycyrrhizate has been found to be at least 98% pure and Dipotassium Glycyrrhizate has been found to be at least 95% pure. Glycyrrhetinic Acid is used in cosmetics at concentrations of up to 2%; Stearyl Glycyrrhetinate, up to 1%; Glycyrrhizic Acid, up to 0.1%; Ammonium Glycyrrhizate, up to 5%; Dipotassium Glycyrrhizate, up to 1%; and Potassium Glycyrretinate, up to 1%. Although Glycyrrhizic Acid is poorly absorbed by the intestinal tract, it may be hydrolyzed to Glycyrrhetinic Acid by a β-glucuronidase produced by intestinal bacteria. Glycyrrhetinic Acid and Glycyrrhizic Acid bind to rat and human albumin, but do not absorb well into tissues. Glycyrrhetinic Acid and Glycyrrhizic Acid and metabolites are mostly excreted in the bile, with very little excreted in urine. Dipotassium Glycyrrhizate was undetectable in the receptor chamber when tested for transepidermal permeation through pig skin. Glycyrrhizic Acid increased the dermal penetration of diclofenac sodium in rat skin. Dipotassium Glycyrrhizate increased the intestinal absorption of calcitonin in rats. In humans, Glycyrrhetinic Acid potentiated the effects of hydrocortisone in the skin. Moderate chronic or high acute exposure to Glycyrrhizic Acid, Ammonium Glycyrrhizate, and their metabolites have been demonstrated to cause transient systemic alterations, including increased potassium excretion, sodium and water retention, body weight gain, alkalosis, suppression of the renin-angiotensis- aldosterone system, hypertension, and muscular paralysis; possibly through inhibition of 11β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase-2 (11β-OHSD2) in the kidney. Glycyrrhetinic Acid and its derivatives block gap junction intracellular communication in a dose-dependent manner in animal and human cells, including epithelial cells, fibroblasts, osteoblasts, hepatocytes, and astrocytes; at high concentrations, it is cytotoxic. Glycyrrhetinic Acid and Glycyrrhizic Acid protect liver tissue from carbon tetrachloride. Glycyrrhizic Acid has been used to treat chronic hepatitis, inhibiting the penetration of the hepatitis A virus into hepatocytes. Glycyrrhetinic Acid and Glycyrrhizic Acid have anti-inflammatory effects in rats and mice. The acute intraperitoneal LD50 for Glycyrrhetinic Acid in mice was 308 mg/kg and the oral LD50 was > 610 mg/kg. The oral LD50 in rats was reported to be 610 mg/kg. Higher LD50 values were generally reported for salts. Little short-term, subchronic, or chronic toxicity was seen in rats given ammonium, dipotassium, or disodium salts of Glycyrrhizic Acid. Glycyrrhetinic Acid was not irritating to shaved rabbit skin, but was considered slightly irritating in an in vitro test. Glycyrrhetinic Acid inhibited the mutagenic activity of benzo[a]pyrene and inhibited tumor initiation and promotion by other agents in mice. Glycyrrhizic Acid inhibited tumor initiation by another agent, but did not prevent tumor promotion in mice. Glycyrrhizic Acid delayed mortality in mice injected with Erlich ascites tumor cells, but did not reduce the mortality rate. Ammonium Glycyrrhizate was not genotoxic in in vivo and in vitro cytogenetics assays, the dominant lethal assay, an Ames assay, and heritable translocation tests, except for possible increase in dominant lethal mutations in rats given 2000 mg/kg day-1 in their diet. Disodium Glycyrrhizate was not carcinogenic in mice in a drinking water study at exposure levels up to 12.2 mg/kg day-1 for 96 weeks. Glycyrrhizate salts produced no reproductive or developmental toxicity in rats, mice, golden hamsters, or Dutch-belted rabbits, except for a dose-dependent increase (at 238.8 and 679.9 mg/kg day-1) in sternebral variants in a study using rats. Sedation, hypnosis, hypothermia, and respiratory depression were seen in mice given 1250 mg/kg Glycyrrhetinic Acid intraperitoneally. Rats fed a powdered diet containing up to 4% Ammonium Glycyrrhizate had no treatment related effects in motor function tests, but active avoidance was facilitated at 4%, unaffected at 3%, and depressed at 2%. In a study of 39 healthy volunteers, a no effect level of 2 mg/kg/day was determined for Glycyrrhizic Acid given orally for 8 weeks. Clinical tests in seven normal individuals given oral Ammonium Glycyrrhizate at 6 g/day for 3 days revealed reduced renal and thermal sweat excretion of Na+ and K+, but carbohydrate and protein metabolism were not affected. Glycyrrhetinic Acid at concentrations up to 6% was not a skin irritant or a sensitizer in clinical tests. Neither Glycyrrhizic Acid, Ammonium Glycyrrhizate, nor Dipotassium Glycyrrhizate at 5% were phototoxic agents or photosensitizers. Birth weight and maternal blood pressure were unrelated to the level of consumption of Glycyrrhizic Acid in 1049 Finnish women with infants, but babies whose mother consumed > 500 mg/wk were more likely to be born before 38 weeks. The Cosmetic Ingredient Review (CIR) Expert Panel noted that the ingredients in this safety assessment are not plant extracts, powders, or juices, but rather are specific chemical species that may be isolated from the licorice plant. Because these chemicals may be isolated from plant sources, however, steps should be taken to assure that pesticide and toxic metal residues are below acceptable levels. The Panel advised the industry that total polychlorobiphenyl (PCB)/pesticide contamination should be limited to not more than 40 ppm, with not more than 10 ppm for any specific residue, and that toxic metal levels must not contain more than 3 mg/kg of arsenic (as As), not more than 0.002% heavy metals, and not more than 1 mg/kg of lead (as Pb). Although the Panel noted that Glycyrrhizic Acid is cytotoxic at high doses and ingestion can have physiological effects, there is little acute, short-term, subchronic, or chronic toxicity and it is expected that these ingredients would be poorly absorbed through the skin. These ingredients are not considered to be irritants, sensitizers, phototoxic agents, or photosensitizers at the current maximum concentration of use. Accordingly, the CIR Expert Panel concluded that these ingredients are safe in the current practices of use and concentration. The Panel recognizes that certain ingredients in this group are reportedly used in a given product category, but the concentration of use is not available. For other ingredients in this group, information regarding use concentration for specific product categories is provided, but the number of such products is not known. In still other cases, an ingredient is not in current use, but may be used in the future. Although there are gaps in knowledge about product use, the overall information available on the types of products in which these ingredients are used and at what concentration indicate a pattern of use. Within this overall pattern of use, the Expert Panel considers all ingredients in this group to be safe. Copyright © American College of Toxicology. ER  - 
Serum ω-3 fatty acids are associated with variation in mood, personality and behavior in hypercholesterolemic community volunteers; Low dietary intake of ω-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids has been linked to several features of psychiatric symptomatology, including depression, disorders of impulse control, and hostility. Preliminary intervention trials of ω-3 fatty acid supplementation for clinical depression and other disorders have reported benefit. However, few studies have investigated the relationships between these fatty acids and normative variability in mood, behavior and personality. Participants were 105 hypercholesterolemic, but otherwise healthy, non-smoking adults. Fasting serum α-linolenic (α-LNA), eicosapentaenoic (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) were assayed with gas chromatography. Participants completed the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), the NEO Five Factor Personality Inventory (NEO-FFI) and the Barratt Impulsiveness Scale (BIS). In multivariate analyses, higher levels of the long chain ω-3 PUFAs, EPA and DHA, were associated with significantly reduced odds of scoring ≥ 10 on the BDI. Similarly, DHA and EPA covaried inversely with NEO-Neuroticism scores, whereas DHA was positively associated with NEO-Agreeableness. On the BIS, DHA was inversely related to cognitive impulsivity and α-LNA was inversely related to motor and total impulsivity. These findings suggest that ω-3 fatty acid status is associated with variability in affect regulation, personality and impulse control. © 2006 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Effects of the anticancer dehydrotarplatin on cytochrome P450 and antioxidant enzymes in male rat tissues; The effect of dehydrotarplatin (DTP), a new antineoplastic drug analogous to cisplatin, and its metabolite (Triacid) on the hepatic, renal and testicular CYP and antioxidant enzymes of male rats was investigated. The rats were treated i.p. with a single dose of DTP (25 mg kg-1 day-1) or Triacid (17.5 mg kg-1 day-1) and analysed 3 or 7 days post treatment. Three days after treatment, both drugs reduced body and liver weights, which partially recovered the control level after 7 days. DTP and, to a less extent, Triacid caused a depletion of plasmatic testosterone content and a down regulation in the liver of androgen dependent male specific CYP 2C11, but not of CYP 1A and 2E1, as determined by a significant decrease of 2α- and 16α-testosterone hydroxylase activities (markers for CYP 2C11) and of apoprotein immunoreactive with anti-rat CYP 2C11 antibodies. However, the activity of testicular 17α-progesterone hydroxylase, a key reaction in steroidogenesis, was not altered by these drugs. The DTP and Triacid administration did not cause any alteration of the plasmatic urea nitrogen and creatinine, known as markers of kidney toxicity. However, treatment with DTP, not Triacid, either 3 and 7 days post treatment, caused in the kidney microsomes a significant increase of the total CYP content, the CYP 4A-dependent (ω)- and (ω - 1)-lauric acid hydroxylase activities and apoprotein immunoreactive with anti-rat CYP 4A1. The present study also examined the enzymatic antioxidant status of kidney and liver. Neither DTP nor Triacid administration induced, with respect to control values, any alteration of hepatic and renal glutathione reductase, glutathione S-transferase, catalase, superoxide dismutase activities, hepatic GSH level and renal microsomal lipid peroxidation level. Among the antioxidant enzymes assayed, only the renal activity of glutathione peroxidase was significantly increased after DTP but not Triacid treatment. These results indicate that DTP at a dose of 25 mg/kg and Triacid cause a feminization of the CYP enzymes in male rat liver similar to that reported for cisplatin when administered at a low dose (5 mg/kg). However, unlike cisplatin, DTP and its metabolite were unable to enhance BUN and creatinine and cause any depression of CYP activities and antioxidant enzymes in the kidney, suggesting that DTP may have low or even no potential in inducing nephrotoxicity. © 2007 Springer-Verlag. ER  - 
A meta-analytic review of double-blind, placebo-controlled trials of antidepressant efficacy of omega-3 fatty acids; Objective: Evidence has indicated an association between depression and low dietary intake of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs). However, clinical trials examining the therapeutic benefit of omega-3 PUFAs in depression showed inconsistent results. The goal of this study is to systematically evaluate the antidepressant efficacy of omega-3 PUFAs by using meta-analytic method. Data Sources: MEDLINE, Embase, and PsycINFO databases were searched from 1966 through August 2006 using the key words (depression OR depressive disorder OR mood disorder) AND (omega-3 OR EPA OR DHA OR polyunsaturated fatty acid OR fish oil). The search was limited to literature in English and clinical trials. Study Selection: Ten double-blind, placebo-controlled studies in patients with mood disorders receiving omega-3 PUFAs with the treatment period lasting 4 weeks or longer were included. Data Extraction: Effect size (ES) of each individual study was derived by computing the standardized mean difference. A random-effects model was used to pool the ESs of all included studies. Data Synthesis: When pooling the results of 10 included studies (N = 329), we found a significant antidepressant effect of omega-3 PUFAs (ES = 0.61, p = .003). Likewise, omega-3 PUFAs significantly improved depression in patients with clearly defined depression (ES = 0.69, p = .002) or with bipolar disorder (ES = 0.69, p = .0009). The dosage of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) did not change the antidepressant efficacy significantly. However, significant heterogeneity among these studies and publication bias were noted. Conclusions: Although our meta-analysis showed significant antidepressant efficacy of omega-3 PUFAs, it is still premature to validate this finding due to publication bias and heterogeneity. More large-scale, well-controlled trials are needed to find out the favorable target subjects, therapeutic dose of EPA, and the composition of omega-3 PUFAs in treating depression. ER  - 
Oxidative stress parameters in diabetic rats submitted to forced swimming test: the clonazepam effect; Diabetes-associated depression may occur due to changes in the quality of life imposed by treatment, or may be a consequence of the biochemical changes accompanying the disease. We evaluated the oxidative stress from diabetic animals submitted to an experimental model of depression and the effects of clonazepam. Male Wistar rats were induced to diabetes with streptozotocin and submitted to forced swimming test. Clonazepam was administered 24, 5 and 1 h before test. The animals were sacrificed by decapitation, and plasma and erythrocytes were separated, as well as hippocampus, cortex and striatum. Reactive species of thiobarbituric acid (TBARS) and total antioxidant reactivity (TAR) as well as antioxidant enzyme activities catalase (CAT) and superoxide dismutase (SOD) were evaluated. Results showed a significant increase of TBARS and a significant decrease of TAR in plasma from diabetic animals, which was altered by clonazepam. There were no effects of CAT and SOD activities in erythrocytes from tested animals. The results observed in hippocampus showed a significant increase of TBARS from diabetic rats, altered by clonazepam, and no one alteration was verified in TAR. The significant increase of TBARS and the significant decrease of TAR in cortex from diabetic rats were not altered by clonazepam administration. There were no alterations of TBARS and TAR in striatum from tested animals. Besides, clonazepam reverses the immobility in diabetic rats. Considering the action of clonazepam, it is suggested that it could be an alternative therapeutic for depression to diabetic patients, once it could give a protection against free radicals. © 2007 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Folic acid in general medicine and dermatology; Folic acid is a vitamin B essential for the integrity and function of DNA. Relative deficiency of folic acid may occur in conditions such as pregnancy and hyperproliferative or chronic inflammatory disorders. Folic acid supplementation has been proven to be beneficial in the prevention of neural tube defects and in limiting methotrexate side effects, and may reduce the risk of colorectal cancer. Folate is a critical vitamin in determining plasma homocysteine levels, which in turn is a major risk factor for cardiovascular diseases. The results of large clinical trials with dietary supplementation of folic acid, vitamin B12 and vitamin B6 have shown that this homocysteine-lowering therapy is effective in the secondary prevention of non-fatal strokes, but had no effect in the prevention of fatal cardiovascular diseases. Hyperhomocysteinemia has also been reported in age-related neurological conditions with cognitive impairment (e.g. dementia), and psychiatric disorders such as depression. Elevated homocysteine levels are frequent in patients with chronic immune-mediated disorders including rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus, chronic plaque psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis, which have in common a tendency to an accelerated atherosclerosis leading to increased deaths from cardiovascular events. Folic acid supplementation appears as a reasonable therapeutic option in patients affected by chronic inflammatory skin diseases, such as moderate to severe psoriasis; in particular, those with concomitant hyperhomocysteinemia, low plasma folate and additional cardiovascular risk factors. © 2007 Taylor & Francis. ER  - 
On the essential role of omega-3 fatty acids in psychiatry; Objective: The present up-to-date review of the international psychiatric literature summarizes scientific evidence pointing to potential mechanisms of omega-3 fatty acids in normal brain functioning, development and prevention of some neuropsychiatrie disorders and efficacy of omega-3 fatty acid supplementation in the treatment of various psychopathological symptoms. Epidemiological data suggest that the dietary intake of essential long chain n-3 (omega-3) fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), may modify the risk of neurological and psychiatric disorders. Clinical evidence confirms that decreased blood levels of omega-3 fatty acids are associated with several neurological and psychiatric conditions, including: dyslexia, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, senile dementia, depression, bipolar mood disorder and schizophrenia. The reasons, for blood fatty acid alterations, in these disorders, are unknown. Supplementation studies, using one or both the omega-3 fatty acids, suggest the possibility of decreased symptoms, associated with some of these disorders. Methods: An update review of the scientific literature was performed, focusing, in particular, on the neurobiological roles exerted by omega-3 fatty acids in physiological and pathological conditions. The benefits of dietetic supplementation with omega-3, in terms of decreasing the risk of onset of various psychiatric diseases, but also as effective symptomatic treatment, were revealed in a number of clinical studies. To date, there is no clear and univocal interpretation concerning the mechanism of action of omega-3 on these pathological conditions. The potential mechanisms by which omega-3 fatty acids may function differ in normal neuronal activity and in the prevention and treatment of various neuropsychiatric diseases. It is known, however, that DHA is the predominant omega-3 fatty acid present in the nervous system, while EPA appears to play a more important role as an anti-inflammatory precursor. Results: Many psychopathological conditions are associated with a broad range of neurodevelopmental, structural and behavioural abnormalities, that often progress with or without treatment. Evidence indicates that such neurodevelopmental abnormalities may result from defective genes and/or non-genetic factors such as prenatal and neonatal infections, birth complications, famine, maternal malnutrition, drug and alcohol abuse, season of birth, sex, birth order and life style. Experimentally, these factors have been found to cause the cellular metabolic stress that often results in oxidative stress, such as increased cellular levels of reactive oxygen species over the antioxidant capacity. This can trigger the oxidative cell damage (i.e., loss of membrane lipid-bound essential polyunsaturated fatty acids, protein inactivation, DNA breaks, altered gene expression and often apoptosis) contributing to abnormal neural growth and differentiation. Cerebral neurons are preferentially susceptible to oxidative damage. There is increasing evidence for pathogenetic effects of oxidative stress and cell damage not only in schizophrenia. Furthermore, treatment with some antipsychotics together with the lifestyle and dietary patterns, that are pro-oxidant, can exacerbate oxidative cell damage and trigger progression of neuropathology. In particular, the prevalence of the metabolic syndrome is rapidly increasing in relation to obesity, and it is considered to be an important predictor of cardiovascular disease, among patients treated with new anti-psychotic drugs. The metabolic syndrome indicates alterations in glucose and lipid metabolism. Increased intake or supplements of omega-3 fatty acids may improve defects in insulin signalling and prevent alterations in glucose homeostasis and the further development of type 2 diabetes. Omega-3 fatty acids reduce plasma triacyl-glycerols and improve the lipoprotein profile. These effects are likely mediated through the activity of transcription factors related to expression of genes involved in lipid oxidation and synthesis. Other effects of omega-3 fatty acids may contribute to decreasing the burden of the metabolic syndrome, such as modulating platelet activation, endothelial function, blood pressure and inflammation. Conclusions: Omega-3 fatty acids can be linked with many aspects of neural physiology, including ion channel activity, membrane fluidity, neurotransmission, enzyme modulation and gene expression. Although studies comparing the effects of both major omega-3 fatty acids are limited, DHA appears at least as efficient as EPA in correcting several risk factors. A combination of dietary antioxidants and omega-3 fatty acids, particularly in the early stages of different neurological and psychiatric pathologies, when brain displays a high degree of neuroplasticity, may, potentially, be even more effective for long-term improved clinical outcomes. The adjunctive use of omega-3 fatty acids to the current psychopharmacological treatments can effectively improve different psychopathological symptoms (Figs. 1-3). In the prevention and clinical control of the metabolic syndrome (Fig. 4), correlated to therapy with new antipsychotic drugs, the use of omega-3 fatty acids should be considered in more global strategies including changes in lifestyle, such as adhering to a healthy diet and practicing regular physical exercise. ER  - 
Improvement in patient-reported outcomes for patients with ankylosing spondylitis treated with etanercept 50 mg once-weekly and 25 mg twice-weekly; Objectives. The objective of this study was to assess the humanistic impact of ankylosing spondylitis (AS), and compare the effect of etanercept 50 mg once-weekly (QW), etanercept 25 mg twice-weekly (BIW) and placebo on patient-reported outcomes (PROs). Methods. In a 12-week, double-blind, placebo-controlled multicenter study, 356 patients with active AS received etanercept 50 mg QW, etanercept 25 mg BIW or placebo (3:3:1 randomization, respectively). PROs were assessed using Bath Ankylosing Spondylitis Functional Index, Bath Ankylosing Spondylitis Activity Index fatigue item, EuroQOL-5D (EQ-5D) utility, EQ-5D visual analog scale and the Medical Outcomes Short Form Questionnaire (SF-36) scores at baseline and at regular intervals. Mean changes from baseline in PROs were analysed using analysis of covariance to assess differences between etanercept and placebo, or between the two etanercept groups. Results. Consistent with earlier reports, AS was associated with quality of life (QOL) impairment and functional limitations, similar to or worse than cancer, congestive heart failure, diabetes or depression. Treatment with etanercept 50 mg QW or 25 mg BIW significantly improved QOL and functional status compared with placebo. High proportions of patients achieved clinically meaningful improvements in all PRO measures, including physical function, fatigue, pain, psychosocial domains and general health status. Improvements were similar with the two etanercept dose regimens. Conclusions. The more convenient etanercept 50 mg QW dose regimen significantly improves function and QOL in patients with AS, similarly to the standard dosing of 25 mg BIW, supporting its use for AS therapy. © 2007 The Author(s). Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the British Society for Rheumatology. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Biologics for treatment of juvenile idiopathic arthritis - Update 2007; Since Etancercept has been introduced as the first TNF-antagonist for treatment of juvenile idiopathic arthritis in 1999 the therapeutic repertoire has markedly widened. Today, there are three TNF-antagonists available: Etanercept, Infliximab and Adalimumab, which seem to have comparable efficacy for the treatment of arthritis. However, there are no studies comparing their efficacy directly. The profound depression of the inflammation clinically results in an improvement of fatigue, morning stiffness, joint pain, and joint swelling, alternates bone and cartilage destruction and increases catch up growth in the majority of patients. Extraarticular manifestations, especially uveitis, and systemic manifestations seem not to respond equally to treatment with the different TNF-antagonists. Adalimumab has been reported to be useful for treatment of JIA-associated uveitis. In systemic arthritis, however, due to a different cytokine dysregulation, direct blockade of the proinflammatory cytokines interleukin-1 and interleukin-6 using the interleukin-1-receptor- antagonist Anakinra, the interleukin-1-receptor fusion protein Rilonacept or the anti-interleukin-6-receptor antibody Tocilizumab has been evaluated in clinical trials. Blockade of accessory co-stimulatory molecules using the CTLA4-fusion protein Abatacept is an alternative to cytokine antagonisation and has also been tried. The aim of this report is to evaluare the current therapeutic options using biologies for treatment of juvenile idiopathic arthritis. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart. ER  - 
Neuroprotective potential of ceftriaxone in in vitro models of stroke; Astrocytic glutamate transporters are considered an important target for neuroprotective therapies as the function of these transporters is abnormal in stroke and other neurological disorders associated with excitotoxicity. Recently, Rothstein et al., [Rothstein JD, Patel S, Regan MR, Haenggeli C, Huang YH, Bergles DE, Jin L, Dykes Hoberg M, Vidensky S, Chung DS, Toan SV, Bruijn LI, Su ZZ, Gupta P, Fisher PB (2005) Beta-lactam antibiotics offer neuroprotection by increasing glutamate transporter expression. Nature 433:73-77] reported that β-lactam antibiotics (including ceftriaxone, which easily crosses the blood-brain barrier) increase glutamate transporter 1 (GLT-1) expression and reduce cell death resulting from oxygen-glucose deprivation (OGD) in dissociated embryonic cortical cultures. To determine whether a similar neuroprotective mechanism operates in more mature neurons, which show a different pattern of response to ischemia than primary cultures, we exposed acute hippocampal slices obtained from rats treated with ceftriaxone for 5 days (200 mg/kg; i.p.) to OGD. Whole-cell patch clamp recording of glutamate-induced N-methyl-d-aspartate (NMDA) currents from CA1 pyramidal neurons showed a larger potentiation of these currents after application of 15 μM dl-threo-β-benzyloxyaspartic acid (TBOA; a potent blocker of glutamate transporters) in ceftriaxone-injected animals than in untreated animals, indicating increased glutamate transporter activity. Western blot analysis did not reveal GLT-1 upregulation in the hippocampus. Delay to OGD-induced hypoxic spreading depression (HSD) recorded in slices obtained from ceftriaxone-treated rats was longer (6.3±0.2 vs. 5.2±0.2 min; P<0.001) than that in the control group, demonstrating a neuroprotective action of the antibiotic in this model. The effect of ceftriaxone was also tested in organotypic hippocampal slices obtained from P7-9 rats (>14 days in vitro). OGD or glutamate (3.5-5.0 mM) damaged CA1 pyramidal neurons as assessed by propidium iodide (PI) fluorescence. Similar damage was observed after pre-treatment with ceftriaxone (10-200 μM; 5 days) and ceftriaxone exposure did not result in GLT-1 upregulation as assayed by Western blot. Treatment of slice cultures with dibutyryl cAMP (100-250 μM; 5 days) increased GLT-1 expression but did not reduce cell damage induced by OGD or glutamate. Thus we confirm the neuroprotective effect of antibiotic exposure on OGD-induced injury, but suggest that this action is related to independent modulation of transporter activity rather than to the level of GLT-1 protein expression. In addition, our results indicate that the protective effects of β-lactam antibiotics are highly dependent on the experimental model. © 2007 IBRO. ER  - 
Protective effects of triterpenoids on primarily cultured rat hepatocytes injured by D-galactosamine and carbon tetrachloride; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the protective effects and mechanism of triterpenoids on primarily cultured rat hepatocytes injured by D-galactosamine (D-GalN) or carbon tetrachloride (CCl4). METHODS: Rat hepatocytes were isolated by two-step collagenase perfusion and cultured in RPMI 1640 medium. Protective effects of asiatic acid (AA) and beta-glycyrrhetinic acid (GA) were evaluated on hepatocytes injured by D-GalN (2 mmol/L) or CCl4 (10 mmol/L). Cell morphology was observed by light microscope, cell viability was measured by MTT assay, AST and LDH were determined by an automatic analyzer. Fluorescence assay was applied to test reactive oxygen species (ROS), nitric oxide end products (NOx) and reduced glutathione (GSH), and JC-1 staining was used to determine mitochondria membrane potential (DeltaPsim). RESULTS: AST and LDH in medium were decreased when treated with AA and GA after D-GalN injury (P<0.05), furthermore AA enhanced the hepatocyte viability (P<0.05). Moreover, AA and GA significantly reduced ROS and NOx generation, and ameliorated DeltaPsim lost induced by D-GalN. AA also inhibited GSH decrease due to D-GalN and CCl4 treatment. CONCLUSION: Both AA and GA could protect hepatocytes from D-GalN and CCl4 injuries, which is associated with reducing intracellular ROS and NOx, reversing GSH depression and ameliorating DeltaPsim lost. ER  - 
VITATOPS, the VITAmins TO Prevent Stroke Trial: Rationale and design of a randomised trial of B-vitamin therapy in patients with recent transient ischaemic attack or stroke (NCT00097669) (ISRCTN74743444); Background: Epidemiological studies suggest that raised plasma concentrations of total homocysteine (tHcy) may be a common, causal and treatable risk factor for atherothromboembolic ischaemic stroke, dementia and depression. Although tHcy can be lowered effectively with small doses of folic acid, vitamin B 12 and vitamin B 6, it is not known whether lowering tHcy, by means of B vitamin therapy, can prevent stroke and other major atherothromboembolic vascular events. Aim: To determine whether the addition of B-vitamin supplements (folic acid 2 mg, B 6 25 mg, B 12 500 μg) to best medical and surgical management will reduce the combined incidence of stroke, myocardial infarction (MI) and vascular death in patients with recent stroke or transient ischaemic attack (TIA) of the brain or eye. Design: A prospective, international, multicentre, randomised, double blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial. Setting: One hundred and four medical centres in 20 countries on five continents. Subjects: Eight thousand (6600 recruited as of 5 January, 2006) patients with recent (<7 months) stroke (ischaemic or haemorrhagic) or TIA (brain or eye). Randomisation: Randomisation and data collection are performed by means of a central telephone service or secure internet site. Intervention: One tablet daily of either placebo or B vitamins (folic acid 2 mg, B 6 25 mg, B 12 500 μg). Primary outcome: The composite of stroke, MI or death from any vascular cause, whichever occurs first. Outcome and serious adverse events are adjudicated blinded to treatment allocation. Secondary outcomes: TIA, unstable angina, revascularisation procedures, dementia, depression. Statistical power: With 8000 patients followed upfor a median of 2 years and an annual incidence of the primary outcome of 8% among patients assigned placebo, the study will have at least 80% power to detect a relative reduction of 15% in the incidence of the primary outcome among patients assigned B vitamins (to 6.8%/year), applying a two-tailed level of significance of 5% Conclusion: VITATOPS aims to recruit and follow-up 8000 patients between 1998 and 2008, and provide a reliable estimate of the safety and effectiveness of folic acid, vitamin B 12, and vitamin B 6 supplementation in reducing recurrent serious vascular events among a wide range of patients with TIA and stroke throughout the world. © 2007 International Journal of Stroke. ER  - 
System interactions.; The paradigm of sepsis as an excessive inflammatory response to infection should now be extended to include activation and/or depression of numerous systems within the body. These include neural, immune, hormonal, bioenergetic and metabolic pathways. The levels of activity of these systems vary both with illness severity and over time. Perturbation of the components of each pathway is independently associated with a heightened mortality risk yet interactions and temporal relationships remain poorly understood. A better delineation of this intricate network and an enhanced ability to monitor these changes should lead to improved targeting of interventions and an avoidance of potentially harmful therapeutic strategies. In addition, greater recognition of the deleterious covert effects on these systems of many therapies currently established as standard management, for example inotropes, antibiotics and sedatives, should hopefully minimise the iatrogenic contribution to mortality and morbidity. ER  - 
Primary care of the patient with cancer; Care of patients with cancer can be enhanced by continued involvement of the primary care physician. The physician's role may include informing the patient of the diagnosis, helping with decisions about treatment, providing psychological support, treating intercurrent disease, continuing patient-appropriate preventive care, and recognizing and managing or comanaging complications of cancer and cancer therapies. Adverse effects of therapy and cancer-related symptoms include nausea, febrile neutropenia, pain, fatigue, depression, and emotional distress. 5-Hydroxytryptamine antagonists are effective in controlling acute nausea associated with chemotherapy. Febrile neutropenia requires systematic evaluation and early empiric antibiotics while awaiting culture results. Cancer-related pain, depression, and fatigue often are underdiagnosed and undertreated. Use of brief screening tools for assessing fatigue and emotional distress can improve management of these symptoms. Exercise prescription, activity management, and psychosocial interventions are useful in treating cancer-related fatigue. The physician must be alert for signs and symptoms of cancer-related emergencies like spinal cord compression, hypercalcemia, tumor lysis syndrome, pericardial tamponade, and superior vena cava syndrome. Copyright © 2007 American Academy of Family Physicians. ER  - 
Crohn's disease, fatigue, and infliximab: Is there a role for cytokines in the pathogenesis of fatigue?; Aim: To study the effect of infliximab on fatigue in relation to cytokine levels in Crohn's disease (CD) patients. Methods: Fourteen CD patients were blinded for treatment and received placebo at baseline, and infliximab 2 wk later, with a follow-up of 4 wk. Blood samples were drawn on a regular basis, and questionnaires on fatigue, depression, quality of life, and clinical disease activity were completed at regular intervals. Results: After placebo infusion, fatigue scores decreased within 3 d (3.5 points ± 1.1, P ≤ 0.01), but returned to baseline values 14 d after this infusion. The drop of fatigue scores following infliximab infusion sustained until the end of the study (3.8 points ± 1.4, P ≤ 0.05). Quality of life was increased at the end of the study compared to baseline values (138.6 ± 9.4 vs 179.4 ± 6.7; P ≤ 0.005), whereas depression scores were decreased (20.4 ± 9.4 vs 11.3 ± 2.2; P ≤ 0.01). No correlation between the severity of fatigue and the level of cytokines was observed. Conclusion: The reduction of fatigue after infliximab infusion is subjective to a placebo effect. The effect of infliximab on fatigue, however, persists while the placebo effect disappears after a short period of time. A clear role of cytokines could not be substantiated. © 2007 The WJG Press. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Antioxidant status in patients with acute myocardial infarction; Free radicals play an important role in the pathogenesis of tissue damage in many clinical disorders, including atherosclerosis. Antioxidants protect the body from damage caused by free radicals. In this study we investigated oxidative stress, antioxidants and inflammatory molecules in patients with acute myocardial infarction. This study has been carried out on 106 patients with acute myocardial infarction, (89 men and 17 females). The control group consisted of 50 healthy, age-matched subjects (40 men and 10 females). Levels of Glucose, lipid profile, glutathione reduced, glutathione peroxidase, Superoxide dismutase, Glycosylated hemoglobin, fibrinogen, vitamin C, vitamin E, malondialdehyde, ceruloplasmin, adenosine deaminase, lysozyme and sialic acid were measured. Malondialdehyde and ceruloplasmin levels were significantly high and antioxidants such as vitamin C, vitamin E, glutathione reduced, glutathione peroxidase and superoxide dismutase were significantly decreased in diabetic and non-diabetic AMI patients as compared with control (p<0.001). Inflammatory markers showed significant rise in diabetic patients as compared with controls. Our results clearly show increased inflammation and oxidative stress in patients with acute myocardial infarction. Depression of antioxidant system in these patients confirms this conclusion. ER  - 
Dimethylfumarate induces immunosuppression via glutathione depletion and subsequent induction of heme oxygenase 1; A mixture of different fumaric acid esters (FAE) is established for systemic therapy of psoriasis, a frequent inflammatory skin disease. The main active compound of FAE, however, has not been identified so far, and the mechanisms of activity are only partially understood. We analyzed the impact of FAE on in vitro immune function and aimed to gain knowledge about the mode of action. Dimethylfumarate (DMF) and diethylfumarate (DEF), but not fumaric acid, methylhydrogenfumarate and ethylhydrogenfumarate, exhibited potent depression of inflammatory cytokine secretion (e.g., tumor necrosis factorα, IL-12, and IFNγ) in activated human peripheral blood mononuclear cells. Moreover, solely DMF and DEF inhibited alloreactive T-cell proliferation in mixed leukocyte reaction. Interestingly, these immunosuppressive effects were accompanied by the strong induction of the anti-inflammatory stress protein heme oxygenase 1 (HO-1). Supplementation with exogenous glutathione (GSH), which is known to bind DMF, prevented both HO-1 induction as well as the anti-inflammatory effects of DMF. Moreover, inhibition of HO-1 activity restored the diminished IL-12 and IFNγ production after FAE treatment. These results suggest that DMF acts as active compound within the FAE mixture and at least partially mediates its immunomodulatory activity by the induction of the anti-inflammatory stress protein HO-1 ascribed to the functional depletion of reduced GSH. © 2007 The Society for Investigative Dermatology. ER  - 
Antioxidant supplementation and immunoendocrine responses to prolonged exercise; PURPOSE: Antioxidant supplementation may modulate systemic cortisol and interleukin-6 (IL-6) responses to prolonged exercise, but it is unclear whether such effects are also associated with a reduction in the magnitude of immunodepression. The purpose of the present study was to examine the effects of daily vitamin C (L-ascorbic acid, 1000 mg·d) and vitamin E (RRR-alpha-tocopherol, 400 IU·d) supplementation on immunoendocrine responses to prolonged exercise. METHODS: Twenty healthy, recreationally active males cycled for 2.5 h at approximately 60% of maximal oxygen uptake after 4 wk of placebo (PLA, N = 10) or antioxidant (AO, N = 10) supplementation. RESULTS: A significant group x time interaction was observed for plasma cortisol concentration (P = 0.008), and the postexercise increase was greater (P < 0.05) in the PLA compared with AO group (approximately 170% compared with an approximately 120% increase above baseline). Plasma IL-6 concentration was significantly increased after exercise to a similar extent in both groups. Plasma free F2-isoprostane concentration was significantly increased after exercise and was unaffected by AO supplementation, whereas plasma TBARS was unaffected by exercise in the PLA group but was lower after exercise in the AO group than in the PLA group. Circulating neutrophil count was significantly increased after exercise, and in vitro bacteria-stimulated elastase release per neutrophil was significantly decreased to a similar extent in both groups. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that 4 wk of AO supplementation may blunt the cortisol response to a single 2.5-h bout of prolonged exercise independently of changes in oxidative stress or plasma IL-6 concentration, but it is not effective at modulating the exercise-induced neutrophilia or depression of neutrophil function. ©2007The American College of Sports Medicine. ER  - 
Risk of Irritable Bowel Syndrome After an Episode of Bacterial Gastroenteritis in General Practice: Influence of Comorbidities; Background & Aims: Given the discrepant estimates of incidence rates of irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) after gastroenteritis (GE), we performed a cohort study to quantify this risk in community subjects and to identify factors acting as modifiers of this effect. Methods: In a previous study, we identified patients aged 20-74 years with a first ever episode of bacterial GE during 1992-2001. We excluded patients with a history of bowel disease and cancer, resulting in a cohort of 5894 individuals with GE. From the same source population, a control group free of GE was sampled. We followed up the 2 cohorts to identify incident cases of IBS. A nested case-control analysis was performed to quantify the role of potential risk factors. Results: During a mean follow-up period of 4.1 years, 1105 patients developed IBS. The incidence rate of IBS after an episode of bacterial GE was 98.2 per 10,000 person-years, and 45.3 per 10,000 person-years in the comparison cohort. The adjusted relative risk of IBS associated with bacterial GE was 2.2 (1.5-2.9) compared with the control cohort. The nested case-control analysis adjusting for additional risk factors produced similar results (odds ratio, 1.8; 95% confidence interval, 1.5-2.1). The risk of IBS after GE was increased significantly in patients with depression, anxiety, stress or sleep disorders, prior gastrointestinal morbidity, or prolonged use of antibiotics. Conclusions: The risk of IBS in community individuals after having bacterial GE was two fold greater in the general population. Pre-existing psychologic and gastrointestinal comorbidities independently increase this risk of developing IBS. © 2007 AGA Institute. ER  - 
Behavioral, neurochemical and neuroendocrine effects of the ethanolic extract from Curcuma longa L. in the mouse forced swimming test; Curcuma longa L. (turmeric) has been used for centuries in traditional Chinese medicine as a treatment for mental disorders including depression. The studies described here were undertaken to determine the behavioral, neurochemical and neuroendocrine effects of the ethanolic extract from Curcuma longa using the forced swimming test (FST) in male ICR strain of mice. The ethanolic extract was found to reduce the duration of immobility in the mouse FST when orally administered for 21 days. The extract markedly attenuated swim stress-induced decreases in serotonin, 5-hydroxyindoleacetic acid, noradrenaline and dopamine concentrations, as well as increases in serotonin turnover. Furthermore, the ethanolic extract of Curcuma longa significantly reversed the swim stress-induced increases in serum corticotropin-releasing factor and cortisol levels. Under these conditions, the ethanolic extract of Curcuma longa was partly different from fluoxetine and amitriptyline. These results suggested that antidepressant properties of the ethanolic extract of Curcuma longa was mediated through regulations of neurochemical and neuroendocrine systems and it may be a useful agent against depression. © 2006 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Eugenol [2-methoxy-4-(2-propenyl)phenol] prevents 6-hydroxydopamine-induced dopamine depression and lipid peroxidation inductivity in mouse striatum; As superoxide (·O2-) and hydroxyl radical (·OH) have been implicated in the pathogenesis of Parkinson disease, free radical scavenging and antioxidants have attracted attention as way to prevent progression of this disease. We examined the effects of eugenol, an essential oil extracted from cloves, on 6-hydroxydopamine (6-OHDA)-induced dopamine (DA) reduction in the mouse striatum. Eugenol administration 3 d before and 7 more days following one intracerebroventricular 6-OHDA injection prevented the reduction of striatal DA and its metabolites. Eugenol administration for 3 d reduced the increase of thiobarbituric acid-reactive substances (an indicator of lipid peroxidation) induced by ferric ion and increased glutathione (GSH) and L-ascorbate (Asc) in the striatum. Eugenol did not change the levels of catalase, glutathione peroxidase, or superoxide dismutase-like activities. Eugenol is known to have ·O2- and ·OH scavenging activities in vitro. These results suggest that eugenol prevents 6-OHDA-induced DA depression by preventing lipid peroxidation directly and indirectly (via stimulation of GSH and Asc generating systems). Furthermore, increased GSH may protect cell death by conjugating with p-quinone produced in 6-OHDA auto-oxidation. The effects of eugenol treatment in this model suggest its possible usefulness for the treatment of Parkinson disease. © 2007 Pharmaceutical Society of Japan. ER  - 
Angiotensin-(1-7)-induced plasticity changes in the lateral amygdala are mediated by COX-2 and NO; It is known from studies outside the brain that upon binding to its receptor, angiotensin-(1-7) elicits the release of prostanoids and nitric oxide (NO). Cyclooxygenase (COX) is a key enzyme that converts arachidonic acid to prostaglandins. Since there are no data available so far on the role of COX-2 in the amygdala, in a first step we demonstrated that the selective COX-2 inhibitor NS-398 significantly reduced the probability of long-term potentiation (LTP) induction in the lateral nucleus of the amygdala. Similarly, in COX-2-/- mice, LTP induced by external capsule (EC) stimulation was impaired. Second, we evaluated the action of angiotensin-(1-7) in the amygdala. In wild-type mice, angiotensin-(1-7) increased LTP. This LTP-enhancing effect of Ang-(1-7) was not observed in COX-2+/- mice. However, in COX-2 -/- mice, Ang-(1-7) caused an enhancement of LTP similar to that in wild-type mice. The NO synthetase inhibitor L-NAME blocked this angiotensin-(1-7)-induced increase in LTP in COX-2-/- mice. Low-frequency stimulation of external capsule fibers did not cause long-term depression (LTD) in drug-free and angiotensin-(1-7)-treated brain slices in wild-type mice. In contrast, in COX-2-/- mice, angiotensin-(1-7) caused stable LTD. Increasing NO concentration by the NO-donor SNAP also caused LTD in wild-type mice. Our study shows for the first time that LTP in the amygdala is dependent on COX-2 activity. Moreover, COX-2 is involved in the mediation of angiotensin-(1-7) effects on LTP. Finally, it is recognized that there is a molecular cross-talk between COX-2 and NO that may regulate synaptic plasticity. ©2007 by Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory Press. ER  - 
Omega-3 fatty acids in the treatment of affective disorders: An overview of the literature; BACKGROUND: More and more interest is being shown in fish oil because it contains omega-3 fatty acids which may have beneficial effects in a wide range of somatic and psychiatric disorders. AIM: To search the literature for evidence of the effectiveness of omega-3 fatty acids in affective disorders. METHOD: We studied the literature with the help of Pubmed (1966-March 2006) using the keywords 'depression', 'affective disorder', 'bipolar disorder', 'seasonal affective disorder', 'postpartum depression', 'puerperal depression', 'fatty acids', 'eicosapentaenoic acid', 'arachidonic acid', 'docosahexaenoic acid' and 'fish oil'. We obtained additional information from the bibliographic references attached to the articles concerned. RESULTS: Epidemiological studies and studies on fatty acid concentrations suggest a link between omega-3 fatty acids and affective disorders, although some of the results are contradictory. Some clinical investigations found that treatment with omega-3 fatty acids did have a positive eject, but the number of test subjects was very limited and some investigations even produced negative results. CONCLUSION: There is insufficient clinical evidence to prove conclusively that treatment with omega-3 fatty acids has a beneficial effect on affective disorders. ER  - 
Omega-3 fatty acid supplementation in patients with recurrent self-harm: Single-centre double-blind randomised controlled trial; Background: Trials have demonstrated benefits of long-chain omega-3 essential fatty acid (n-3 EFA) supplementation in a variety of psychiatric disorders. Aims: To assess the efficacy of n-3 EFAs in improving psychological well-being in patients with recurrent self-harm. Method: Patients (n=49) presenting after an act of repeated self-harm were randomised to receive 1.2 g eicosapentaenoic acid plus 0.9 g decosahexaenoic acid (n=22) or placebo (n=27) for 12 weeks in addition to standard psychiatric care. Six psychological domains were measured at baseline and end point. Results: At 12 weeks, the n-3 EFA group had significantly greater improvements in scores for depression, suicidality and daily stresses. Scores for impulsivity, aggression and hostility did not differ. Conclusions: Supplementation achieved substantial reductions in surrogate markers of suicidal behaviour and improvements in well-being. Larger studies are warranted to determine if insufficient dietary intake of n-3 EFAs is a reversible risk factor for self-harm. ER  - 
Role of omega 3-fatty acids and multivitamins in gestation; There is a rising interest in a balanced and varied women's diet not only preconceptionally but also during pregnancy and in the breastfeeding period in order to reduce fetal, neonatal, and maternal risks. A decreased intake of omega 3-fatty acids (FA) or deficiencies of micronutrients are a global health problem, not only in developing countries, where micronutrient-rich food and fortified aliments are often not available, and also in the industrialized world. In contrast to data about the daily periconceptionally intake of folate acid that has been shown to reduce substantially the occurrence and recurrence of neural tube defects (NTD), the benefit of other micronutrients is less determinant. Deficiencies of omega 3-FA may be a contributing factor for severe complications in pregnancy and postpartum. A meta-analysis for the role of omega 3-FA in preeclampsia and maternal postpartum depression is less consistent, some meta-view's results differ substantially or are even contradictory to large observational studies. Further well-designed studies are warranted. A personal interview and counseling concerning the daily diet should be integrated in the preconceptional and in the antenatal care and an individual supplementation should be offered, if indicated. © 2007 by Walter de Gruyter. ER  - 
Neuroactive steroids in depression and anxiety disorders: Clinical studies; Certain neuroactive steroids modulate ligand-gated ion channels via non-genomic mechanisms. Especially 3α-reduced pregnane steroids are potent positive allosteric modulators of the γ-aminobutyric acid type A (GABAA) receptor. During major depression, there is a disequilibrium of 3α-reduced neuroactive steroids, which is corrected by clinically effective pharmacological treatment. To investigate whether these alterations are a general principle of successful antidepressant treatment, we studied the impact of nonpharmacological treatment options on neuroactive steroid concentrations during major depression. Neither partial sleep deprivation, transcranial magnetic stimulation, nor electroconvulsive therapy affected neuroactive steroid levels irrespectively of the response to these treatments. These studies suggest that the changes in neuroactive steroid concentrations observed after antidepressant pharmacotherapy more likely reflect distinct pharmacological properties of antidepressants rather than the clinical response. In patients with panic disorder, changes in neuroactive steroid composition have been observed opposite to those seen in depression. However, during experimentally induced panic induction either with cholecystokinine-tetrapeptide or sodium lactate, there was a pronounced decline in the concentrations of 3α-reduced neuroactive steroids in patients with panic disorder, which might result in a decreased GABAergic tone. In contrast, no changes in neuroactive steroid concentrations could be observed in healthy controls with the exception of 3α,5α-tetrahydrodeoxycorticosterone. The modulation of GABAA receptors by neuroactive steroids might contribute to the pathophysiology of depression and anxiety disorders and might offer new targets for the development of novel anxiolytic compounds. Copyright © 2006 S. Karger AG. ER  - 
Dietary omega-3 fatty acids for women; This review details the specific needs of women for omega-3 fatty acids, including alpha linoleic acid (ALA) and the very long chain fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). Omega-3 fatty acid (dietary or in capsules) ensures that a woman's adipose tissue contains a reserve of these fatty acids for the developing fetus and the breast-fed newborn infant. This ensures the optimal cerebral and cognitive development of the infant. The presence of large quantities of EPA and DHA in the diet slightly lengthens pregnancy, and improves its quality. Human milk contains both ALA and DHA, unlike that of other mammals. Conditions such as diabetes can alter the fatty acid profile of mother's milk, while certain diets, like those of vegetarians, vegans, or even macrobiotic diets, can have the same effect, if they do not include seafood. ALA, DHA and EPA, are important for preventing ischemic cardiovascular disease in women of all ages. Omega-3 fatty acids can help to prevent the development of certain cancers, particularly those of the breast and colon, and possibly of the uterus and the skin, and are likely to reduce the risk of postpartum depression, manic-depressive psychosis, dementias (Alzheimer's disease and others), hypertension, toxemia, diabetes and, to a certain extend, age-related macular degeneration. Omega-3 fatty acids could play a positive role in the prevention of menstrual syndrome and postmenopausal hot flushes. The normal western diet contains little ALA (less than 50% of the RDA). The only adequate sources are rapeseed oil (canola), walnuts and so-called "omega-3" eggs (similar to wild-type or Cretan eggs). The amounts of EPA and DHA in the diet vary greatly from person to person. The only good sources are fish and seafood, together with "omega-3" eggs. © 2007 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Pharmacovigilance and teratovigilance; While 2006 did not record as many upsetting revelations of adverse drug reactions as the previous few years, still some data have been produced, which modulate the safety profile of drugs and deserve the attention of the prescribers: cardiovascular events under erythropoietins, macular oedema under rosiglitazone, vascular and renal complications of aprotinine, drawbacks of long-term linezolide administration, intracranial haemorrhage under tipranavir, anyphylaxis with pegaptanib, cardiototoxicity of imatinib, lymphomas with infliximab, bone pain and aches under bisphosphonates, cardiovascular events related to methylphenidate, congenital anomalies ascribed to paroxetine and lamotrigine, neonatal pulmonary hypertension related to serotonine reuptake inhibitors, infantile respiratory depression under promethazine. ER  - 
The immune effects of TRYCATs (tryptophan catabolites along the IDO pathway): Relevance for depression - and other conditions characterized by tryptophan depletion induced by inflammation; Immune activation is accompanied by induction of indoleamine (2,3)-dioxygenase (IDO), an enzyme which degrades tryptophan, a phenomenon which plays a role in the pathophysiology of major depression and post-natal depression and anxiety states. TRYCATs - tryptophan catabolites along the IDO pathway - such as kynurenine, kynurenic acid, xanthurenic acid, and quinolinic acid, have multiple effects, e.g. apoptotic, anti- versus pro-oxidant, neurotoxic versus neuroprotective, and anxiolytic versus anxiogenic effects. The aim of the present study was to study the immune effects of the above TRYCATS. Toward this end we examined the effects of the above TRYCATs on the LPS + PHA-induced production of interferon-γ (IFNγ), interleukin-10 (IL-10), and tumor necrosis factor-α (TNFα) in 18 normal volunteers. We found that the production of IFNγ was significantly decreased by all 4 catabolites. Xanthurenic acid and quinolinic acid decreased the production of IL-10. Kynurenine, kynurenic acid, and xanthurenic acid, decreased the IFNγ/IL-10 production ratio, whereas quinolinic acid increased this ratio. Kynurenic acid significantly reduced the stimulated production of TNFα. It is concluded that kynurenine, kynurenic acid, and xanthurenic acid have anti-inflammatory effects trough a reduction of IFNγ, whereas quinolinic acid has pro-inflammatory effects in particular via significant decreases in IL-10. Following inflammation-induced IDO activation, some TRYCATs, i.e. kynurenine, kynurenic acid, and xanthurenic acid, exert a negative feedback control over IFNγ production thus downregulating the initial inflammation, whereas an excess of quinolinic acid further aggravates the initial inflammation. © 2007 Neuroendocrinology Letters. ER  - 
Why fish oils may not always be adequate treatments for depression or other inflammatory illnesses: Docosahexaenoicacid, an omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid, induces a Th-1-like immune response; Background: We have shown that a depletion of ω3 polysaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) plays a role in the pathophysiology of depression, in part because ω3 PUFAs have anti-inflammatory effects. ω3 PUFAs are frequently employed to treat depression. Most if not all antidepressants have negative immunoregulatory effects by decreasing the production of proinflammatory cytokines, such as interferon-γ (IFNγ) and/or increasing that of anti-inflammatory cytokines, such as interleukin-10 (IL-10). Aim: The aim of the present study was to examine the immunoregulary effects of the ω3 PUFAs, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), and the ω6 PUFA, arachidonic acid (AA), on the production of interferon-γ (IFNγ), interleukin-10 (IL-10) and tumor necrosis factor-α (TNFα). Methods: This study examines the ex vivo effects of EPA (4.5 μM, 9 μM, 18 μM and 45 μM), DHA (1.3 μM, 3 μM, 6 μM and 13 μM) and AA (8 μM, 16 μM, 32 μM and 80 μM) on the LPS + PHA-stimulated production of IFNγ, IL-10 and TNFα, and on the IFNγ/IL-10 production ratio. Results: We found that EPA did not have any significant effects on the above cytokines. DMA significantly increased the IFNγ/IL-10 production ratio, caused by a greater reduction in IL-10 than in IFNγ. AA significantly decreased TNFα production. Discussion: The results show that DHA induces a Th-1-like immune response and that AA has anti-inflammatory effects by decreasing the production of TNFα. Thus, the immune effects of ω3 PUFAs are not compatible with what is expected from antidepressive substances. The results of the present study show that treatment with fish oils, containing DHA, should be avoided in the treatment of depression. Toward this end, highly concentrated and pure EPA seems to be indicated. © 2007 Neuroendocrinology Letters. ER  - 
Altered omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid status in depressed post-myocardial infarction patients; Objective: Lower levels of long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 LCPUFAs) and increased inflammation have been associated with both depressive disorder and myocardial infarction (MI). The present study investigated whether patients who develop depression post-MI, have higher arachidonic acid/eicosapentanoic acid (AA/EPA) ratios than non-depressed post-MI patients and whether depressed post-MI patients have signs of increased inflammation as measured by C-reactive protein (CRP). Method: Serum AA/EPA ratio and plasma CRP levels were quantified in 50 post-MI patients, of which 29 were depressed and 21 non-depressed. Results: Compared with the non-depressed group, depressed post-MI patients had significantly higher AA/EPA ratios. No significant difference was observed in CRP levels. Conclusion: Depressed post-MI patients had lower levels of n-3 LCPUFAs as measured by mean AA/EPA ratio and no signs of increased inflammation as determined by CRP levels. © 2007 The Authors. ER  - 
Effects of rapid tryptophan depletion on salivary cortisol in older people recovered from depression, and the healthy elderly; Reduced serotonin (5-HT) function and abnormalities in the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis are thought to play a role in the aetiology of major depression. We sought to examine this issue in the elderly by assessing the effects of lowering brain 5-HT on salivary and plasma cortisol in elderly patients who had recovered from at least one episode of major depression and in a healthy, age matched comparison group. A double-blind, cross-over design involving administration of two nutritionally balanced amino acid mixtures (with or without tryptophan) was used. Salivary cortisol was measured at intervals before and after the drink. There was no effect of acute tryptophan depletion (ATD) on salivary cortisol (ATD by time; F=0.97, df=7,210, p =0.454) but a significant interaction between group and time (F=3.91, df=7,210, p =0.010). Healthy subjects showed a marked increase in cortisol levels 2-3 hours into the procedure regardless of drink composition while recovered depressed subjects did not. In elderly patients who had recovered from depression there was no evidence of greater vulnerability of hypothalamic 5-HT pathways to 5-HT depletion. However, they demonstrated reduced reactivity of the HPA axis compared to healthy subjects. © 2007 British Association for Psychopharmacology. ER  - 
Spirocercosis-associated pyothorax in dogs; The records of five dogs diagnosed with spirocercosis-associated pyothorax were retrospectively reviewed. On admission, the most common clinical findings were weakness, anorexia, depression, dyspnoea and fever. All dogs had typical oesophageal Spirocerca lupi granulomas. Contrast thoracic radiography revealed contrast material leakage from the oesophagus into the pleural cavity in two dogs only. All dogs were medically treated with broad-spectrum antibiotics, repeated chest tube drainage and thoracic lavage, and four of the dogs were treated with doramectin. One dog was euthanased due to a concurrent non-related disease at the owners request while the remaining four survived. S. lupi infection should be included in the differential diagnoses of canine pyothorax in endemic areas. Conservative medical management of pyothorax with antihelmintic medication was shown to be effective in the treatment of S. lupi-associated pyothorax. © 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Role of infection in irritable bowel syndrome; Infection by pathogenic organisms leads to mucosal damage and disruption of the gut's extensive commensal flora, factors which may lead to prolonged bowel dysfunction. Six to 17% of unselected irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) patients believe their symptoms began with an infection, which is supported by prospective studies showing a 4%-31% incidence of postinfectious IBS-(PI) sfollowing bacterial gastroenteritis. The wide range of incidence can be accounted for by differences in risk factors, which include in order of magnitude; severity of initial illness > bacterial toxigenicity > hypochondriasis, depression and neuroticism, and adverse life events in the previous 3 months. PI-IBS has been reported after Campylobacter, Salmonella, and Shigella infections. Serial biopsies after Campylobacter jejuni gastroenteritis show an initial inflammatory infiltrate, with an increase in enterochromaffin (EC) cells, which in most cases subsides over the next 6 months. Those who go on to develop IBS show increased numbers of EC and lymphocyte cell counts at 3 months compared with those who do not develop IBS. Interleukin-1β mRNA levels are increased in the mucosa of those who develop PI-IBS, who also show increased gut permeability. Recover can be slow, with approximately 50% still having symptoms at 5 years. Recent studies suggest an increase in peripheral blood mononuclear cell cytokine production in unselected IBS, an abnormality that may be ameliorated by probiotic treatment. The role of small-bowel bacterial overgrowth in IBS is controversial, but broad-spectrum antibiotics do have a temporary benefit in some patients. More acceptable long-term treatments altering gut flora are awaited with interest. © Springer-Verlag Tokyo 2007. ER  - 
Mitigating role of lupeol and lupeol linoleate on hepatic lipemic-oxidative injury and lipoprotein peroxidation in experimental hypercholesterolemia; In the present study, the role of pentacyclic triterpenes, lupeol and its ester lupeol linoleate, was studied in relation to hepatic oxidative abnormalities and lipoprotein peroxidation in hypercholesterolemic rats. Hypercholesterolemia was induced in male Wistar rats by feeding them with high cholesterol diet (4% cholesterol + 1% cholic acid; HCD) for 30 days. Pentacyclic triterpenes, lupeol and lupeol linoleate were supplemented (50 mg/kg body wt/day) during the last 15 days. After the experimental period, there was a significant depression in hepatic activities of antioxidant enzymes, SOD (38.39%), CAT (25.03%) and GPx (30.26%) along with a marked fall in the levels of non-enzymic antioxidant molecules GSH (31.39%), vitamin C (46.07%) and vitamin E (42.28%), with a concomitant increase (p < 0.001) in lipid peroxidation and in the activities of serum alkaline phosphatase, lactate dehydrogenase and aminotransferases when compared to controls. Treatment with triterpenes decreased lipid peroxidation and reverted the activities of antioxidants (p < 0.001 and p < 0.01) and marker enzymes to near control. Histopathological findings further confirmed the hepatoprotective nature of triterpenes by showing the normal architecture in treated rats, as against the fatty cellular changes in HCD fed rats. Further, the susceptibility of apo-B containing lipoprotein to oxidation by copper and Fenton's reagent was increased in in vitro condition in HCD fed rats, whereas the lipoproteins were less susceptible to oxidation in triterpenes treated animals. Therefore, it may be concluded that lupeol and its ester afford protection against the hepatic abnormalities and lipoprotein peroxidation in hypercholesterolemic rats. © Springer Science+Business Media, Inc. 2006. ER  - 
Daily changes in parameters of energy metabolism in brain of rainbow trout: Dependence on feeding; We assessed the daily patterns of parameters involved in energy metabolism in plasma and brain of rainbow trout. Where daily rhythms were found, we analyzed the potential influence of feeding. Immature rainbow trout were randomly distributed in 3 groups: fish fed for 7 days, fish fasted for 7 days, and fish fasted for 7 days and refed for 4 days. On sampling day, fish of fed and refed groups were fed at 11.00 h, and all fish were sampled from each treatment group using the following time schedule: 14.00, 18.00, 21.00, 00.00, 04.00, 07.00, 10.00 and 14.00 h. The results obtained from metabolic parameters assessed in plasma and brain can be grouped into three different categories, such as (i) those displaying no 24 h changes in fed fish such as plasma lactate, protein or acetoacetate levels, as well as brain amino acid and protein levels, and lowKm(glucose) hexokinase, and aspartate aminotransferase activities, (ii) those displaying 24 h changes that were apparently dependent on feeding since they disappeared in fasted fish such as the case of plasma cortisol, glucose and triglyceride levels, as well as brain glycogen, glucose, and lactate levels, and pyruvate kinase and hexokinase IV activities, and (iii) those parameters displaying 24 h changes apparently not dependent on feeding such as plasma amino acids, brain acetoacetate levels as well as several enzyme activities measured in brain such as glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase, α-glycerophosphate dehydrogenase, glutamate dehydrogenase, and lactate dehydrogenase-oxidase. In general, 24 h changes dependent on feeding indicate an increased use of glucose in brain several hours post-feeding whereas those changes not dependent on feeding were characterized by reduced levels/activity at the night period suggesting a metabolic depression in brain during darkness. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Long chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in the treatment of psychiatric illnesses in children and adolescents; Objective: Long chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCn-3PUFA) are in increasing use in the general population to treat health problems. The objective of the current article is to review the evidence for the rationale and benefit of LCn-3PUFA in the treatment of common psychiatric disorders in children and adolescents. Methods: A search of Psychlit, PubMed and Cochrane Databases was conducted using the terms child, adolescent, bipolar, depression, psychosis, first-episode psychosis, schizophrenia, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), autism, psychiatric, omega-3, n-3, docosahexaenoic acid and eicosapentaenoic acid. Further studies were identified from the bibliographies of published reviews. Results: One small randomized controlled trial with LCn-3PUFA supplementation in depression in children found a small beneficial effect over placebo. Four placebo-controlled trials showed uncertain benefit of LCn-3PUFA for ADHD. Single placebo-controlled trials showed no benefit in autism or bipolar disorder. There is an absence of studies examining benefit for first-episode psychosis or schizophrenia in children and adolescents. Conclusions: While children and adolescents are receiving LCn-3PUFA for a range of psychiatric indications, there is only evidence of likely benefit for unipolar depression. © 2007 The Authors. ER  - 
Depressive symptoms, omega-6:omega-3 fatty acids, and inflammation in older adults; OBJECTIVE: To address how interactions between polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) levels and depressive symptoms were related to proinflammatory cytokine synthesis. Depression and stress promote proinflammatory cytokine production. Dietary intakes of omega-3 (n-3) and omega-6 (n-6) PUFAs also influence inflammation; high n-6:n-3 ratios enhance proinflammatory cytokine production, although n-3 has anti-inflammatory properties. METHODS: Blood samples from 43 older adults (mean age = 66.67 years, SD = 10.09) provided data on PUFAs and tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-α, interleukin (IL)-6, and IL-6 soluble receptor (sIL-6r). Depressive symptoms were assessed by the Center for Epidemiological Studies Depression Scale. RESULTS: Depressive symptoms and n-6:n-3 ratios worked together to enhance proinflammatory cytokines beyond the contribution provided by either variable alone, with substantial variance explained by their interaction: 13% for IL-6 and 31% for TNF-α, whereas full models accounted for 18% and 40%, respectively. Although predicted cytokine levels were consistent across n-6:n-3 ratios with low depressive symptoms, higher n-6:n-3 ratios were associated with progressively elevated TNF-α and IL-6 levels as depressive symptoms increased. Higher levels of sIL-6r were associated with higher n-6:n-3 ratios. Six individuals who met the criteria for major depressive disorder had higher n-6:n-3 ratios and TNF-α, IL-6, and sIL-6r levels than those who did not meet the criteria; excluding these six individuals reduced the variance explained by the depressive symptoms and n-6:n-3 ratio interaction. CONCLUSIONS: Diets with high n-6:n-3 PUFA ratios may enhance the risk for both depression and inflammatory diseases. Copyright © 2007 by American Psychosomatic Society. ER  - 
No association found between patients receiving isotretinoin for acne and the development of depression in a Canadian prospective cohort; Background: There has been concern that the use of isotretinoin to treat acne may lead to depression. To date, research has not conclusively determined if this concern is warranted when contemplating the use of isotretinoin. Objective: This study investigated the impact of isotretinoin use for patients with acne on mood status. The hypothesis was that an association exists between the use of isotretinoin and the development of depression, aside from acne severity. Methods: We studied the relationship between isotretinoin and depression using a prospective, controlled, cohort design. The study was conducted in a community dermatology clinic. The exposed cohort consisted of consenting patients who were initiating isotretinoin treatment for acne. Patients were either treated with isotretinoin (Acutane®) therapy (study group) (N=100) or by oral (N=41) or topical acne therapy (control group) (N=59). The Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression scale and the Zung Depression Status Inventory were used to assess depression both at baseline and after 2 months of prescribed use of isotretinoin or a control medication (topical or oral antibiotics). Results: There was no correlation between isotretinoin use and the development of depression, based on either the Centre for Epidemiologic Studies Depression scale (Fisher's exact test, P=0.497) or Zung Depression Status Inventory (ANOVA; F=1.4, P=0.2). Conclusion: Isotretinoin does not appear to be associated with the development of depression. Thus, denying patients with significant acne an effective medication for fear of developing depression may not be indicated at this point in time. ©2007 Canadian Society for Clinical Pharmacology. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Not in the mind of neurasthenic lazybones but in the cell nucleus: Patients with chronic fatigue syndrome have increased production of nuclear factor kappa beta; There is now some evidence that chronic fatigue syndrome is accompanied by an activation of the inflammatory response system and by increased oxidative and nitrosative stress. Nuclear factor kappa beta (NFκβ) is the major upstream, intracellular mechanism which regulates inflammatory and oxidative stress mediators. In order to examine the role of NFκβ in the pathophysiology of CFS, this study examines the production of NFκβ p50 in unstimulated, 10 ng/mL TNF-α (tumor necrosis factor alpha) and 50 ng/mL PMA (phorbolmyristate acetate) stimulated peripheral blood lymphocytes of 18 unmedicated patients with CFS and 18 age-sex matched controls. The unstimulated (F= 19.4, df=1/34, p=0.0002), TNF-α-(F=14.0, df=1/34, p=0.0009) and PMA-(F=7.9, df=1/34, p=0.008) stimulated production of NFκβ were significantly higher in CFS patients than in controls. There were significant and positive correlations between the production of NFκβ and the severity of illness as measured with the FibroFatigue scale and with symptoms, such as aches and pain, muscular tension, fatigue, irritability, sadness, and the subjective feeling of infection. The results show that an intracellular inflammatory response in the white blood cells plays an important role in the pathophysiogy of CFS and that previous findings on increased oxidative stress and inflammation in CFS may be attributed to an increased production of NFκβ. The results suggest that the symptoms of CFS, such as fatigue, muscular tension, depressive symptoms and the feeling of infection reflect a genuine inflammatory response in those patients. It is suggested that CFS patients should be treated with antioxidants, which inhibit the production of NFκβ, such as curcumin, N-Acetyl-Cysteine, quercitin, silimarin, lipoic acid and omega-3 fatty acids. © 2007 Neuroendocrinology Letters. ER  - 
Mechanisms of action of isoniazid; For decades after its introduction, the mechanisms of action of the front-line antituberculosis therapeutic agent isoniazid (INH) remained unclear. Recent developments have shown that peroxidative activation of isoniazid by the mycobacterial enzyme KatG generates reactive species that form adducts with NAD+ and NADP+ that are potent inhibitors of lipid and nucleic acid biosynthetic enzymes. A direct role for some isoniazid-derived reactive species, such as nitric oxide, in inhibiting mycobacterial metabolic enzymes has also been shown. The concerted effects of these activities - inhibition of cell wall lipid synthesis, depletion of nucleic acid pools and metabolic depression - drive the exquisite potency and selectivity of this agent. To understand INH action and resistance fully, a synthesis of knowledge is required from multiple separate lines of research - including molecular genetic approaches, in vitro biochemical studies and free radical chemistry - which is the intent of this review. © 2006 The Authors. ER  - 
Novelty exploration elicits a reversal of acute stress-induced modulation of hippocampal synaptic plasticity in the rat; Acute behavioural stress has been recognized as a strong influence on the inducibility of hippocampal long-term synaptic plasticity. We have reported previously that in adult male rats, acute behavioural stress impairs long-term potentiation (LTP) but enhances long-term depression (LTD) in the hippocampal CA1 region. In this study we report that the effects of stress on LTP and LTD were reversed when animals were introduced into a novel 'stimulus-rich' environment immediately after the stress. Novelty exploration-induced reversal of stress effects was prevented when the animals were given the NMDA receptor antagonist d-(-)-2-amino-5-phosphonopentanoic acid, the cholinergic antagonist atropine and the protein phosphatase (PP) 2B inhibitors cyclosporin A and cypermethrin, but not the α1-adrenergic antagonist prazosin, the β-adrenergic antagonist propranolol or the PP1/2A inhibitor okadaic acid, respectively before being subjected to the novel environment. In addition, the ability of novelty exploration to reverse the stress effects was mimicked by a direct application of the cholinergic agonist carbachol. Exposure to the novel environment following stress was accompanied by the activation of both PP2B and striatal-enriched tyrosine phosphatase (STEP). Taken together, these findings suggest that the activation of the cholinergic system and, in turn, the triggering of an NMDA receptor-mediated activation of PP2B to increase STEP activity appear to mediate the novelty exploration-induced reversal of stress-related modulation of hippocampal long-term synaptic plasticity. © 2006 The Authors. Journal compilation © 2006 The Physiological Society. ER  - 
Enaminones and norepinephrine employ convergent mechanisms to depress excitatory synaptic transmission in the rat nucleus accumbens in vitro; We recently reported that anticonvulsant anilino enaminones depress excitatory postsynaptic currents (EPSCs) in the nucleus accumbens (NAc) indirectly via γ-aminobutyric acid (GABA) acting on GABAB receptors [S.B. Kombian et al. (2005)Br. J. Pharmacol., 145, 945-953]. Norepinephrine (NE) and dopamine (DA), both known to be involved in seizure disorders, also depress EPSCs in this nucleus. The current study explored a possible interaction between enaminones and adrenergic and/or dopaminergic mechanisms that may contribute to their synaptic depression and anticonvulsant effect. Using whole-cell recording in rat forebrain slices containing the NAc, we show that NE-induced, but not DA-induced, EPSC depression occludes E139-induced EPSC depressant effect. UK14,304, a selective α2 receptor agonist, mimicked the synaptic effect of NE and also occluded E139 effects. Phentolamine, a non-selective α-adrenergic antagonist that blocked NE-induced EPSC depression, also blocked the E139-induced EPSC depression. Furthermore, yohimbine, an α2-adrenoceptor antagonist, also blocked the E139-induced EPSC depression, while prazosin, a selective α1-adrenergic antagonist, and propranolol, a non-selective β-adrenoceptor antagonist, did not block the E139 effect. Similar to the E139-induced EPSC depression, the NE-induced EPSC depression was also blocked by the GABAB receptor antagonist, CGP55845. By contrast, however, neither SCH23390 nor sulpiride, D1-like and D2-like DA receptor antagonists, respectively, blocked the E139-induced synaptic depression. These results suggest that NE and E139, but not DA, employ a similar mechanism to depress EPSCs in the NAc, and support the hypothesis that E139, like NE, may act on α2-adrenoceptors to cause the release of GABA, which then mediates synaptic depression via GABAB receptors. © The Authors (2006). ER  - 
Risk of postpartum depression in relation to dietary fish and fat intake in Japan: The Osaka Maternal and Child Health Study; Background. An ecological analysis found that the docosahexaenoic acid content in mother's milk and seafood intake were inversely correlated with postpartum depression. This prospective study investigated the relationship of consumption of selected high-fat foods and specific types of fatty acids with the risk of postpartum depression. Method. The subjects were 865 Japanese women. Dietary data were obtained from a self-administered diet history questionnaire during pregnancy. The Edinburgh Postnatal Depression Scale (EPDS) was used for the evaluation of postpartum depression. Adjustment was made for age, gestation, parity, cigarette smoking, family structure, family income, education, changes in diet in the previous month, season when data at baseline were collected, body mass index, time of delivery before the second survey, medical problems in pregnancy, baby's sex and baby's birthweight. Results. The percentage of women with high depression scores was 14.0%. No evident dose-response associations were observed between intake of fish, meat, eggs, dairy products, total fat, saturated fatty acids, monounsaturated fatty acids, n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids, linoleic acid, α-linolenic acid, arachidonic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid or docosahexaenoic acid and the ratio of n-3 to n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids and the risk of postpartum depression. However, there was an inverted J-shaped relationship between intake of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and docosahexaenoic acid and the risk of postpartum depression. Conclusions. This study failed to substantiate a clear inverse relationship between fish and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid intake and postpartum depression. Further investigations are needed to determine whether fish and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid consumption is preventive against postpartum depression. © 2006 Cambridge University Press. ER  - 
Depression and cardiovascular mortality: A role for n-3 fatty acids?; Background: Recent studies indicate that depression plays an important role in the occurrence of cardiovascular diseases (CVDs). The underlying mechanisms are not well understood. Objective: We investigated whether dietary intake of the n-3 fatty acids (FAs) eicosapentaenic acid and docosahexaenoic acid could explain the relation between depressive symptoms and cardiovascular mortality. Design: The Zutphen Elderly Study is a prospective cohort study conducted in the Netherlands. Depressive symptoms were measured in 1990 with the Zung Self-rating Depression Scale in 332 men aged 70-90 y and free from CVD and diabetes. Dietary factors were assessed with a cross-check dietary history method in 1990. Mortality data were collected between 1990 and 2000. Logistic and Cox regression analyses were performed, with adjustment for demographics and CVD risk factors. Results: Compared with a low intake (x-: 21 mg/d), a high intake (x-: 407 mg/d) of n-3 FAs was associated with fewer depressive symptoms [odds ratio: 0.46; 95% CI: 0.22, 0.95; P for trend = 0.04] at baseline and no significant reduced risk of 10-y CVD mortality [hazard ratio (HR): 0.88; 95% CI: 0.51, 1.50]. The adjusted HR for an increase in depressive symptoms with 1 SD for CVD mortality was 1.28 (95% CI: 1.03, 1.57) and did not change after additional adjustment for the intake of n-3 FAs. Conclusion: An average intake of ≈400 mg n-3 FA/d may reduce the risk of depression. Our results, however, do not support the hypothesis that the intake of n-3 FAs explains the relation between depression and CVD. © 2006 American Society for Nutrition. ER  - 
Carbonic anhydrase inhibitors and activators and their use in therapy; Among the 16 different α-carbonic anhydrase (CA, EC 4.2.1.1) isoforms isolated in mammals, 13 possess catalytic activity for the reversible hydration of carbon dioxide to bicarbonate. Some of them are cytosolic (CA I, CA II, CA III, CA VII, CA XIII), others are membrane-bound (CA IV, CA IX, CA XII, CA XIV and CA XV); CA VA and CA VB are mitochondrial and CA VI is secreted in saliva and milk. Representatives of the β-δ-CA family are highly abundant in fungi, yeasts, plants, diatoms, bacteria and archaea. These enzymes are very efficient catalysts playing crucial physiological/pathological roles related to acid-base homeostasis, secretion of electrolytes, transport of ions, biosynthetic reactions and tumourigenesis. Many of the catalytically active CAs present in humans are targets for the drug design. CA inhibitors of the sulfonamide, sulfamate or sulfamide type show applications as antiglaucoma, antiepileptic, antiobesity or antitumour agents and they target different isoforms involved in such processes (CA II and XII for the antiqlaucoma action; CA VII and II for the antiepileptic one; CA VA and VB for the antiobesity activity and CA IX and XII for the antitumour effects, respectively). Various CAs present in pathogenic organisms (such as Plasmodium falciparum, Helicobacter pylori, Mycobacterium tuberculosis, Candida albicans, Cryptococcus neoformans etc.) also started to be investigated recently as drug targets. Activation of mammalian CAs by various classes of activators intensively studied may ultimately lead to the design of pharmacologically useful derivatives for the enhancement of synaptic efficacy, which may represent a conceptually new approach for the treatment of depression, Alzheimer's disease, ageing and other conditions in which spatial learning and memory therapy must be enhanced. Important progress has been achieved in the drug design of CA inhibitors and activators both by synthesising novel classes of such agents, in the search of compounds with selectivity for various isozymes and also by resolving the X-ray crystal structure of adducts of different CA isoforms with inhibitors/activators with pharmacological applications. © 2006 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Acute coronary syndrome with and without ST elevation; Coronary artery disease accounts for most deaths in western communities. The acute coronary syndrome subsidizes ST elevation myocardial infarction, non-ST elevation myocardial infarction, and unstable angina pectoris. They are characterized by an acute onset of chest pain. The high number of acute coronary syndromes of more than 400,000 per year in Germany demonstrates the necessity of guidelines. Such guidelines are available from different cardiac societies. The implementation of the guidelines of the German Cardiac Society and the European Society of Cardiology in the daily clinical practice are demonstrated in this review by means of two case presentations. Special attention has been given to diagnostic measures, risk stratification, and different therapeutic options. For the diagnostic work-up in the acute phase, the ECG and the assessment of cardiac biomarkers play the central role. For patients with ST elevation myocardial infarction, primary interventional diagnostics and therapy are the first choice. For patients presenting with acute coronary syndromes without ST elevation, a risk-adapted therapeutic approach should be chosen. High-risk patients (elevated troponins, clinical, rhythmologic, and hemodynamic instability, ST depression, or diabetes mellitus) should be treated with an early invasive approach within 48-72 h. Low-risk patients can be treated primarily conservatively. For all patients who undergo interventional treatment, administration of an aggressive antiaggregatory therapy, including acetylsalicylic acid, clopidogrel, glycoprotein IIb/IIIa receptor antagonists, and heparin, is indicated in the acute phase. In the chronic phase, an adequate treatment of cardiovascular risk factors is of paramount importance. © Urban & Vogel 2006. ER  - 
Omega-3 fatty acids: Evidence basis for treatment and future research in psychiatry; Objective: To determine if the available data support the use of omega-3 essential fatty acids (EFA) for clinical use in the prevention and/or treatment of psychiatric disorders. Participants: The authors of this article were invited participants in the Omega-3 Fatty Acids Subcommittee, assembled by the Committee on Research on Psychiatric Treatments of the American Psychiatric Association (APA). Evidence: Published literature and data presented at scientific meetings were reviewed. Specific disorders reviewed included major depressive disorder, bipolar disorder, schizophrenia, dementia, borderline personality disorder and impulsivity, and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder. Meta-analyses were conducted in major depressive and bipolar disorders and schizophrenia, as sufficient data were available to conduct such analyses in these areas of interest. Consensus Process: The subcommittee prepared the manuscript, which was reviewed and approved by the following APA committees: the Committee on Research on Psychiatric Treatments, the Council on Research, and the Joint Reference Committee. Conclusions: The preponderance of epidemiologic and tissue compositional studies supports a protective effect of omega-3 EFA intake, particularly eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), in mood disorders. Meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials demonstrate a statistically significant benefit in unipolar and bipolar depression (p = .02). The results were highly heterogeneous, indicating that it is important to examine the characteristics of each individual study to note the differences in design and execution. There is less evidence of benefit in schizophrenia. EPA and DHA appear to have negligible risks and some potential benefit in major depressive disorder and bipolar disorder, but results remain inconclusive in most areas of interest in psychiatry. Treatment recommendations and directions for future research are described. Health benefits of omega-3 EFA may be especially important in patients with psychiatric disorders, due to high prevalence rates of smoking and obesity and the metabolic side effects of some psychotropic medications. ER  - 
Treatments for late-life bipolar disorder; Background: Bipolar affective disorder is not uncommon in the elderly; prevalence rates in the United States range from 0.1% to 0.4%. However, it accounts for 10% to 25% of all geriatric patients with mood disorders and 5% of patients admitted to geropsychiatric inpatient units. These patients often present a tremendous treatment challenge to clinicians. They frequently have differing treatment needs compared with their younger counterparts because of substantial medical comorbidity and age-related variations in response to therapy. Unfortunately, the management of geriatric bipolar disorder has been relatively neglected compared with the younger population. There continues to be a scarcity of published, controlled trials in the elderly, and no treatment algorithms specific to bipolar disorder in the elderly have been devised. Objective: The goal of this article was to review the current literature on both the pharmacologic and nonpharmacologic management of late-life bipolar disorder. Methods: English-language articles written on the treatment of bipolar disorder in the elderly were identified. The first step in data collection involved a search for evidence-based clinical practice guidelines in the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews (up until the third quarter of 2006). Systematic reviews were then located in the following databases: MEDLINE (1966-September 2006), EMBASE (1980-2006 [week 36]), and PsycINFO (1967-September 2006 [week 1]). Additional use was made of these 3 databases in searching for single randomized controlled trials, meta-analyses, cohort studies, case-control studies, case series, and case reports. "Elderly," used synonymously with "geriatric," was defined as individuals aged ≥60 years. However, to take into account ambiguity in the nomenclature, the key words aged, geriatric, elderly, and older were combined with words indicating pharmacologic treatments such as pharmacotherapy; classes of medications (eg, lithium, antidepressants, antipsychotics, anticonvulsants, benzodiazepines); and names of selected individual medications (eg, lithium, valproic acid, lamotrigine, carbamazepine, oxcarbazepine, topiramate, gabapentin, zonisamide, clozapine, risperidone, olanzapine, quetiapine, ziprasidone, aripiprazole). These terms were then combined with the diagnostic terms bipolar disorder, mania, hypomania, depression, or bipolar depression. Finally, the terms ECT and psychotherapy were also queried in combination with indicators for age and diagnosis. A few articles on "older adults," usually defined as individuals aged 50 to 55 years, were also included. They may allow for possible extrapolation of data to the geriatric population. Additionally, several mixed-age studies were included for similar considerations. Case reports and case series were described for their potential heuristic value. Results: Unfortunately, there is a considerable dearth of literature involving evidence-based clinical practice guidelines and even randomized controlled trials in elderly individuals with bipolar disorder. Available options for the treatment of bipolar disorder (including those for mania, hypomania, depression, or maintenance) in the elderly include lithium, antiepileptics, antipsychotics, benzodiazepines, antidepressants, electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), and psychotherapy. Conclusions: The data for the treatment of late-life bipolar disorder are limited, but the available evidence shows efficacy for some commonly used treatments. Lithium, divalproex sodium, carbamazepine, lamotrigine, atypical antipsychotics, and antidepressants have all been found to be beneficial in the treatment of elderly patients with bipolar disorder. Although there are no specific guidelines for the treatment of these patients, monotherapy followed by combination therapy of the various classes of drugs may help with the resolution of symptoms. ECT and psychotherapy may be useful in the treatment of refractory disease. There is a need for more controlled studies in this age group before definitive treatment strategies can be enumerated. © 2006 Excerpta Medica, Inc. ER  - 
Green nail syndrome: A case report and a new treatment approach; Pseudomonas nail infection causes green, greenish-black or bluish color changes in the involved nail. Herein, we present a case of green nail syndrome related to Pseudomonas aeroginosa that was treated with a different approach. The patient was treated with amikacin injections as she had previously tried many antifungals and antibiotics. Using a G-29 fine needle, a total of 62.5 mg per day of amikacin was injected into the matrix area of the diseased nail for 10 consecutive days. The infected nail healed with a longitudinal depression at one third of the nail plate. Despite this, the patient was satisfied with the result. ER  - 
Novelty exploration elicits a reversal of acute stress-induced modulation of hippocampal synaptic plasticity in the rat; Acute behavioural stress has been recognized as a strong influence on the inducibility of hippocampal long-term synaptic plasticity. We have reported previously that in adult male rats, acute behavioural stress impairs long-term potentiation (LTP) but enhances long-term depression (LTD) in the hippocampal CA1 region. In this study we report that the effects of stress on LTP and LTD were reversed when animals were introduced into a novel 'stimulus-rich' environment immediately after the stress. Novelty exploration-induced reversal of stress effects was prevented when the animals were given the NMDA receptor antagonist d-(-)-2-amino-5-phosphonopentanoic acid, the cholinergic antagonist atropine and the protein phosphatase (PP) 2B inhibitors cyclosporin A and cypermethrin, but not the α1-adrenergic antagonist prazosin, the β-adrenergic antagonist propranolol or the PP1/2A inhibitor okadaic acid, respectively before being subjected to the novel environment. In addition, the ability of novelty exploration to reverse the stress effects was mimicked by a direct application of the cholinergic agonist carbachol. Exposure to the novel environment following stress was accompanied by the activation of both PP2B and striatal-enriched tyrosine phosphatase (STEP). Taken together, these findings suggest that the activation of the cholinergic system and, in turn, the triggering of an NMDA receptor-mediated activation of PP2B to increase STEP activity appear to mediate the novelty exploration-induced reversal of stress-related modulation of hippocampal long-term synaptic plasticity. ER  - 
An autopsy case of a depressed and reclusive patient who went into a hyperglycemic hyperosmolar coma; A 35-year-old man was admitted to our hospital after going into a hyperglycemic hyperosmolar coma. He had untreated depression and was reclusive. He was found by his family, complaining of agony, abdominal pain and dysuria on the night before admission. He was admitted to the local hospital and underwent a glucose-free transfusion. Early the next morning, however, he fell into a comatose state. He exhibited marked hyperglycemia, 2,380 mg/d/ and mild metabolic acidosis due to renal failure. Thereafter, he was transferred to our hospital. His HbA1C was 11.1% and the biochemical findings showed severe dehydration and uremia. Although he was treated with massive transfusion with insulin, he soon fell into shock, and was refractory to intensive treatment, including antibiotics, ventilatory support and polymixin B immobilized fiber therapy. The patient died 27.5 hours after discovery. Clinically, we considered this case as type 2 diabetes mellitus with obesity. However, serum C-peptide level was not detectable and histologically the islets of Langerhans were markedly decreased in size and number, without the characteristic insulitis. The anti-GAD antibody was negative. As a consequence, we considered the etiology of this case to be chronic type 1B diabetes mellitus or the destruction of the B cells by oxidative stress from prominent glucose toxicity. Recently, the number of young persons, who are reclusive with mental or social maladjustments, has been increasing. Therefore, we have to pay much more attention to obese people who are reclusive. ER  - 
Folate and long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids in psychiatric disease; Schizophrenia, autism and depression do not inherit by Mendel's law, and the search for a genetic basis seems unsuccessful. Schizophrenia and autism relate to low birth weight and pregnancy complications, which are associated with developmental adaptations by "programming". Epigenetics might constitute the basis of programming and depend on folate status and one-carbon metabolism in general. Early folate status of patients with schizophrenia might be compromised as suggested by (i) coinciding incidences of schizophrenia and neural tube defects (NTDs) in the Dutch hunger winter, (ii) coinciding seasonal fluctuations in birth of patients with schizophrenia and NTDs, (iii) higher schizophrenia incidence in immigrants and (iv) higher incidence in methylene tetrahydrofolate reductase 677C→T homozygotes. Recent studies in schizophrenia and autism point at epigenetic silencing of critical genes or chromosomal loci. The long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFA), arachidonic acid (AA, from meat) and docosahexaenoic acid (fish) are components of brain phospholipids and modulators of signal transduction and gene expression. Patients with schizophrenia and, possibly, autism exhibit abnormal phospholipid metabolism that might cause local AA depletion and impaired eicosanoid-mediated signal transduction. National fish intakes relate inversely with major and postpartum depressions. Five out of six randomized controlled trials with eicosapentaenoic acid (fish) have shown positive effects in schizophrenia, and 4 of 6 were favorable in depression and bipolar disorders. We conclude that folate and LCPUFA might be important in both the etiology and severity of at least some psychiatric diseases. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Clinical trials of PUFAs in depression: State of the art; Omega fatty acid treatment of depression is an unusual story in psychopharmacology in that the use and study of these compounds were advanced in cardiovascular disease before becoming of interest in psychiatry. Given the absence of an easily patentable derivative it is a tribute to the field that enough studies have accumulated for a reasonable review of omega-3 treatment of depression at this time. On the other hand, it is clearly not possible to compare the number of studies, variety of studies and the number of participants in each study with Federal Drug Administration style registration trials of patented antidepressant drugs. Most of the available studies of omega-3 in depression have been investigator initiated and use add-on design. This paper reviews 12 published and as yet unpublished clinical trials (all but one double-blind placebo-controlled) of polyunsaturated fatty acids in unipolar depression, bipolar disorder, and special populations with affective/depressive disorders. While overall results up to this point are encouraging, they are not unanimously positive. Outstanding issues that have not as yet been resolved include the dose of omega-3 necessary and the length of time required for significant response. Moreover, the complex issue of the relationship between two possible active ingredients, eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid, remains unresolved. ER  - 
Recurrence in patients diagnosed with acne treated by isotretinoin and other methods; Common acne is the most frequently diagnosed dermatosis at the age of adolescence. It may lead to psychic disturbances and/or even depression as a result of its distinctly visible localization, very long-lasting symptoms, in sequela numerous deforming scars or vicious cicatrices. The objective of the present paper is to assess recurrences after the treatment of severe acne forms in patients treated in the Department of Dermatology in the years 1991-2000, with administration of various medications applied locally and/or generally. The evaluation of treatment results determined the highest, statistically significant difference between the patients subjected to isotretinoin-supported treatment process and the locally cured patients. In the group of locally treated patients the rate of the acne symptoms recurrence could be observed more often. In the remaining groups of patients, no statistically significant differences were reported. A little higher acne symptoms recurrence rate is apparent in the group of patients locally treated, as compared with that subjected to antibiotics-supported therapy. A statistically significant relationship between the therapy duration with the application of individual methods and the recurrence of illness has not been proven as yet. The value of p = 0,5245 proved that there existed no relationship between the diagnosis and a period of time elapsed--at the end of therapy--since the recurrence of acne disorders has been observed. The longest period of remission lasted when inversed acne had been recognized. Recurrence of the disease was observed the most rapidly in patients affected with acne conglobata. When examining the relationship between the duration of acne symptoms recurrence vs. treatment process, statistically significant differences amongst the individual applied methods were recorded. In the group A, recurrence of illness occurred at a higher rate. A statistically significant relationship between the recurrence of signs and symptoms and the initial diagnosis was excluded. A higher percentage of recurrence in the groups I, II and III has been reported as compared with group V. There is a certain relationship between the patient's age and the recurrence of the disease. It mainly referred to the elderly. Statistical analysis has proved that there existed significant relationship between the recurrence of the disease analysed and the patients' sex. A little higher rate of illness occurrence can be observed in a female group. The study revealed that recurrences in group of patients treated by locally active preparations were observed usually 6 months after the end of therapy. ER  - 
Central nervous system manifestations of mitochondrial disorders; The central nervous system (CNS) is, after the peripheral nervous system, the second most frequently affected organ in mitochondrial disorders (MCDs). CNS involvement in MCDs is clinically heterogeneous, manifesting as epilepsy, stroke-like episodes, migraine, ataxia, spasticity, extrapyramidal abnormalities, bulbar dysfunction, psychiatric abnormalities, neuropsychological deficits, or hypophysial abnormalities. CNS involvement is found in syndromic and non-syndromic MCDs. Syndromic MCDs with CNS involvement include mitochondrial encephalomyopathy, lactacidosis, stroke-like episodes syndrome, myoclonic epilepsy and ragged red fibers syndrome, mitochondrial neuro-gastrointestinal encephalomyopathy syndrome, neurogenic muscle weakness, ataxia, and retinitis pigmentosa syndrome, mitochondrial depletion syndrome, Kearns-Sayre syndrome, and Leigh syndrome, Leber's hereditary optic neuropathy, Friedreich's ataxia, and multiple systemic lipomatosis. As CNS involvement is often subclinical, the CNS including the spinal cord should be investigated even in the absence of overt clinical CNS manifestations. CNS investigations comprise the history, clinical neurological examination, neuropsychological tests, electroencephalogram, cerebral computed tomography scan, and magnetic resonance imaging. A spinal tap is indicated if there is episodic or permanent impaired consciousness or in case of cognitive decline. More sophisticated methods are required if the CNS is solely affected. Treatment of CNS manifestations in MCDs is symptomatic and focused on epilepsy, headache, lactacidosis, impaired consciousness, confusion, spasticity, extrapyramidal abnormalities, or depression. Valproate, carbamazepine, corticosteroids, acetyl salicylic acid, local and volatile anesthetics should be applied with caution. Avoiding certain drugs is often more beneficial than application of established, apparently indicated drugs. © 2006 The Author. ER  - 
Cultural symbolism of fish and the psychotropic properties of omega-3 fatty acids; Fish is a food with unique psychotropic properties. Consumption of long-chain omega-3 fatty acids, rich in seafood, reduces depression, aggression and anger while improving mental well-being. We posit that symbols of fish have become linked to the emotional states induced by long-chain fatty acid by associative pairings, both conscious and unconscious. The limbic and hippocampal activity necessary for memory formation containing emotional content and the labeling of social context by cortical processes appears to be optimized by diets rich in long-chain omega-3 fatty acid. In this critical literature survey, we find that fish have been culturally labeled as symbols of emotional well-being and social healing in religious and medical practices among independent cultures, for at least six millennia. This understanding of the perception of fish as a symbolically healing or purifying food can assist current messages improving public health. © 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Modulation of phosphoinositide-protein kinase C signal transduction by omega-3 fatty acids: Implications for the pathophysiology and treatment of recurrent neuropsychiatric illness; The phosphoinositide (PI)-protein kinase C (PKC) signal transduction pathway is initiated by pre- and postsynaptic Gαq-coupled receptors, and regulates several clinically relevant neurochemical events, including neurotransmitter release efficacy, monoamine receptor function and trafficking, monoamine transporter function and trafficking, axonal myelination, and gene expression. Mounting evidence for PI-PKC signaling hyperactivity in the peripheral (platelets) and central (premortem and postmortem brain) tissues of patients with schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and major depressive disorder, coupled with evidence that PI-PKC signal transduction is down-regulated in rat brain following chronic, but not acute, treatment with antipsychotic, mood-stabilizer, and antidepressant medications, suggest that PI-PKC hyperactivity is central to an underlying pathophysiology. Evidence that membrane omega-3 fatty acids act as endogenous antagonists of the PI-PKC signal transduction pathway, coupled with evidence that omega-3 fatty acid deficiency is observed in peripheral and central tissues of patients with schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and major depressive disorder, support the hypothesis that omega-3 fatty acid deficiency may contribute to elevated PI-PKC activity in these illnesses. The data reviewed in this paper outline a potential molecular mechanism by which omega-3 fatty acids could contribute to the pathophysiology and treatment of recurrent neuropsychiatric illness. © 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Anti-depressive effect of Baisong tablets on the chronic mild unpredicted stress depression in rats; Objective: To investigate the effect of Baisong tablets on the nerv-biochemistry and neuroendocrine of chronic mild unpredicted stress depression in rats. Methods: Sixty male Sprague-Dawley rats were randomly allocated to 4 groups: a normal control (NC), a model control (MC), a fluoxetine control (FC) and a Baisong tablet treatment group (BST). All rats except the control group were singly housed and exposed to an unpredicted sequence of mild stressor. The levels of serotonin (5-HT), glutamate (Glu) and gama-aminobutyric acid (GABA) of the hippocampus were measured by high-performance liquid chromatography. The concentration of corticotropin releasing hormone (CRH), adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH) and cortisol (CORT) in the plasma of the rats were detected by radio-immunity. The CRHmRNA expressions in the hypothalamus and pre-frontal cortex were semiquantified by RT-PCR method. The differences of BDNF and TrkB protein expression in CA1 and CA3 pyramidal and dentate gyrus granule cells layers of hippocampus were investigated with immunohistochemistry technique. Results: In comparision with NC group, the levels of 5-HT, and GABA of the hippocampus in MC rats reduced significantly (P < 0.01), and the concentration of CRH, ACTH, and CORT of the palsma and the level of Glu of the hippocampus and CRH mRNA expression in the brain increased significantly. Fluoxetine or Baisong could significantly regulate the abnormal changes of all the above. Conclusion: Chronic mild unpredicted stress can affect neuroendoerine and cause depression, and Baisong tablet has antagonism against it. ER  - 
Depression and serum adiponectin and adipose omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids in adolescents; The purpose of the present study was to investigate for a possible relationship between depression and serum adiponectin and adipose tissue omega-3 and omega-6 PUFA. The sample consisted of 90 healthy adolescent volunteers from the island of Crete. There were 54 girls and 36 boys, aged 13 to 18. The mean age was 15.2 years. Subjects were examined by the Preventive Medicine and Nutrition Clinic of the University of Crete. Depression was assessed through the use of the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) and the Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression Scale (CES-D). Fatty acids were determined by gas chromatography in adipose tissue. CES-D correlated with dihomo-gamma linolenic acid (DGLA). Multiple linear regression analyses showed that BDI was negatively associated with eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), while CES-D was positively associated with DGLA in adipose tissue. Serum adiponectin was not significantly associated with depression. The negative relationship between adipose EPA and depression in adolescents, is in line with findings of previous studies involving adult and elderly subjects, demonstrating negative relations between depression and adipose omega-3 PUFA. This is the first literature report of a relationship between depression and an individual omega-3 fatty acid in adolescents. The inverse relationship between adipose EPA and depression indicates that a low long-term dietary intake of EPA is associated with an increased risk for depression in adolescents. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Highly purified omega-3 fatty acids for secondary prevention of sudden cardiac death after myocardial infarction - Aims and methods of the OMEGA-study; Introduction: During the last decades a large body of data has been accumulated indicating omega-3 fatty acids to exert beneficial effects on the prognosis of patients with cardiovascular disease. Especially, omega-3 fatty acids are regarded to be effective in reducing the risk of sudden cardiac death after acute myocardial infarction. However, treatment of acute myocardial infarction and secondary prevention considerably have been improved within the past years including early revascularization by PCI, the routine use of beta-blockers, statins and ACE-inhibitors as well as cardiac rehabilitation for improving life style measures. To date, there exists no controlled randomized trial testing the prognostic effect of omega-3 fatty acids after acute myocardial infarction in a double blind regimen under the conditions of modern treatment of myocardial infarction. Materials and methods: The present study therefore evaluates the effect of highly purified omega-3 fatty acid ethylesters (omega-3-acid ethyl esters 90=Zodin®) on the rate of sudden cardiac death within 1 year after acute myocardial infarction. Secondary endpoints are total mortality, non-fatal cardiovascular events, rhythm abnormalities in holter monitoring and depression score. Result and conclusion: The recruitment-period started in October 2003 and is expected to last until December 2006. The results of the study are therefore expected for the beginning of 2008, when all patients will have completed the 12-months follow up-period. © 2006 Springer Science + Business Media, LLC. ER  - 
The lipoxygenase-cyclooxygenase inhibitor licofelone prevents thromboxane A2-mediated cardiovascular derangement triggered by the inflammatory peptide fMLP in the rabbit; Licofelone is an analogue of arachidonic acid that inhibits 5-lipoxygenase (LOX), cyclooxygenase (COX)-1 and COX-2. We investigated the effects of licofelone on cardiovascular derangements and production of thromboxane (Tx)A2 induced by the inflammatory agonist n-formyl-methionyl-leucyl-phenylalanine (fMLP) in the rabbit, in comparison with those of aspirin or rofecoxib, inhibitors of COX-1 and COX-2, respectively. In control rabbits, injection of fMLP (30 nmol/kg) in the jugular vein evokes ischemic electrocardiographic (ECG) changes in the first 1-5 min, i.e. a profound depression of the ST segment and inversion of the T wave. Simultaneously, fMLP induces bradycardia and hypotension and increases TxB2 blood levels. All changes are transient. Licofelone (60 mg/kg/5 days, p.os) prevented fMLP-induced ECG ischemic changes in all treated animals, reverted bradycardia and hypotension, and significantly reduced TxB2. Aspirin (10 mg/kg/5 days, p.os) prevented ischemic ECG alterations in 2 out of 5 treated animals and did not modify either bradycardia or hypotension. One rabbit died two min after fMLP. In 2 rabbits, aspirin reduced TxB2 levels by more than 80% respect to mean control values; the remaining two rabbits produced an amount of TxB2 similar to controls. These two rabbits also showed ischemic ECG changes. Rofecoxib (10 mg/kg/5 days, p.os) did not prevent fMLP-induced ischemic ECG alteration, bradycardia and hypotension, and did not significantly modify the increase of TxB2. These results indicate that the capacity of licofelone to efficiently suppress TxA2 production, is responsible for the protection from the cardiovascular derangement triggered by an inflammatory stimulus. © 2006 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Antinociceptive and antidepressant like effects of Securidaca longepedunculata root extract in mice; The aqueous root extract of Securidaca longepedunculata (polygalaceae) was investigated for possible antinociceptive and central nervous system (CNS) effects in mice. Three nociceptive models; acetic acid, formalin and tail-flick tests were used to study the antinociceptive activity. Rectal temperature test was employed as an adjunct to the nociceptive models. The extract at 200 and 400 mg/kg significantly and dose dependently reduced the nociception induced by the acetic acid and in the early phase of formalin test (P < 0.05). The extract exerted significant (P < 0.05) hypothermic effect in the 15 and 30 min of the rectal temperature test. The antinociceptive and hypothermic effects were partially reversed by naloxone (1 mg/kg). The tail-flick test produced an insignificant increase in tail-flick latency at 400 mg/kg after 60 min of the test, but significantly (P < 0.05) increase tail-flick latency in the 400 mg/kg group of animals pre-treated with naloxone (1 mg/kg) after 120 min of the test. The extract also produced a significant (P < 0.05) naloxone reversible antidepressant like effect in the forced swimming test (an animal model of depression). Collectively, these results suggest that the extract possess antinociceptive and antidepressant like effects with possible involvement of opioidergic pathways. The extract at limit dose of 2 g/kg body weight appeared to be safe in oral formulation. © 2006 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The treatment of cranial defects with Codubix® implants; The aim of this study was to evaluate the direct and late outcome after the polypropylen-polyester Codubix® prosthesis implantation, and to compare the results with patients who underwent the conventional osteoplastic craniotomy. There were analysed 89 patients treated surgically at the Department of Neurosurgery of Jagiellonian University in Cracow within 1995-2004. Thirty nine patients had the Codubix® prosthesis implantated synchronically or after a surgery which caused a cranial defect. Fifty patients underwent osteoplastic craniotomy and had an uneventful clinical course. Directly after the surgery good healing was observed in all patients. In the Codubix® group seven patients (17.8 %) had temporarily elevated temperature, three had haematoma collection in the subgaleal space, one (2.6 %) developed meningitis which was treated successfully with antibiotics, one (2.6 %) suffered from temporary circulation disturbances of the scalp. In the late evaluation 16 patients (53.4 %) found the cosmetic effect as very good, 10 patients (33 %) as good, and 4 (13.3 %) as unsatisfactory in the Codubix® group, comparing to 14 patients (35.9 %) with very good, 21 (53.9 %) with good, and 4 (10.2 %) with unsatisfactory cosmetic effects in the osteoplastic craniotomy group. The commonest reason for critical note was the depression of the plate, which appeared at 3 patients, and the depression of the bone flap in two cases. The others 3 patients complained of inappropriate profile of the plate causing the cranial vault asymmetry. The property performed implantation of accurate bone prosthesis Codubix® is safe and has usually good cosmetic effects. ER  - 
Strain differences of neurosteroid levels in mouse brain; Neurosteroids, pregnenolone (Preg), dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) and their sulfates (PregS and DHEAS) are reported to exert their modulatory effects of neuronal excitability and synaptic plasticity via amino acid receptors, which affect and regulate the learning and memory process, mood, and depression. Although the brain levels of these steroids have been reported in rodents, the strain differences of the levels of these steroids have not been demonstrated. We examined the concentrations of Preg, 17-OH-Preg, DHEA, androstenediol (ADIOL) and their sulfates in whole brains from DBA/2, C57BL/6, BALB/c, ddY and ICR mice, the genetic backgrounds of which are different. No differences in the brain levels of Preg and DHEA were found among the strains. In contrast, PregS levels in DBA/2 were significantly lower than in the others, while DHEAS concentrations in DBA/2 were significantly higher than those in other strains. Strain differences were found in 17-OH-Preg, ADIOL and 17-OH-PregS but not in ADIOLS levels. The ranges of Preg and PregS levels were the highest among the steroids studied. Further, we measured serum these steroid levels. Although strain differences were also found in serum steroids, correlation study between brain and serum levels revealed that brain neurosteroids studied may not come from peripheral circulation. In conclusion, this is the first report of demonstrating mammalian brain levels of 17-OH-Preg, ADIOL, 17-OH-PregS and ADIOLS and the strain differences in neurosteroid levels in mice brains. The differences in levels may involve the strain differences in their behavior, e.g. aggression, adaptation to stress or learning, in mice. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Influence of gender on mental health literacy in young Australians; Objectives: To determine the effects of gender on mental health literacy in young people between 12 and 25 years of age. Design: Computer-Assisted Telephone Interviewing was employed to conduct a cross-sectional structured interview focusing on young people's awareness of depression and psychosis. Participants: The sample comprised 1207 young Australians (539 males and 668 females) between the ages of 12-25 recruited from two metropolitan and two regional areas within Victoria. Six hundred and six respondents were presented a depression vignette and 601 were presented a psychosis vignette. Results: Female respondents (60.7%) were significantly more likely to correctly identify depression in the vignette as compared to male respondents (34.5%). No significant gender differences were noted for the psychosis vignette. Males were less significantly likely to endorse seeing a doctor or psychologist/counsellor for the treatment of psychosis. Males were also significantly more likely than females to endorse alcohol as a way of dealing with depression and antibiotics as useful for dealing with psychosis. Conclusion: Gender differences in mental health literacy are striking. Males showed significantly lower recognition of symptoms associated with mental illness and were more likely endorse the use alcohol to deal with mental health problems. Such factors may contribute to the delays in help seeking seen in young males. Further research is needed to delineate how these gender differences in young people may obstruct help seeking, early intervention and other aspects of mental health service delivery. © 2006 The Authors; Journal compilation © 2006 The Royal Australian and New Zealand College of Psychiatrists. ER  - 
Self-management plans in the primary care of patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease; Objective and background: The role of COPD self-management plans in improving health outcomes remains unclear. The objective of this study was to assess whether self-management plans administered in primary care have beneficial effects on quality of life, self-care behaviour and health outcomes in the long term for patients with COPD. Material, patients and methods: The study was a prospective, unblinded, randomized controlled trial of usual care vs. usual care plus structured education on the use of a written self-management plan and patient-initiated short courses of antibiotics and oral corticosteroids. The study was conducted in general practice, in Christchurch, New Zealand. Participants were 159 patients with COPD randomized by general practice site into control or intervention groups. The primary outcome measure was change in St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire. Secondary variables were frequency of hospital and primary-care attendance, frequency of use of courses of antibiotics and oral corticosteroids over 12 months, and change in Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale. Self-management knowledge was assessed using a structured interview, the COPD Self-Management Interview. Results: Self-management plans and structured education were associated with higher levels of self-management knowledge at 12 months, but had no effect on change in St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire, health utilization, mental health or self-reported outcomes of patients with COPD managed in general practice. Conclusions: Self-management knowledge was higher in the intervention group but there was no difference in quality of life or health outcomes due to self-management plans. © 2006 The Authors. ER  - 
Bullous pemphigoid in a patient with psoriasis during the course of PUVA therapy: Study by ELISA test; A 65-year-old woman had a history of deep vein thrombosis and depression. Psoriasis was diagnosed in 1986 and various topical and systemic therapies, singly or in combination, were prescribed: tar, topical corticosteroids, cyclosporine, etretinate, and methotrexate. Two courses of oral and one course of bath psoralen plus UVA (PUVA) therapy (cumulative dose, 467 J/cm 2) and UVB (2.96 J/cm 2) had been given. I n January 1999, she developed a flare of generalized psoriasis. In May 1999, therapy with PUVA (8-methoxypsoralen) plus topical acetonide triamcinolone 0.1% was initiated. At the time, she was taking acenocoumarol, lorazepam, and hydroxyzine chlorhydrate. In August 1999, at session 30, when the dose of UVA was 9.J/cm 2, and the total dose was 205.J/cm 2, a bulla appeared on the dorsum of the toe and was controlled with topical antibiotics. Five further sessions of PUVA were given and a generalized itching bullous eruption appeared all over the body. PUVA was stopped and the patient was hospitalized. On physical ex amination, extensive psoriatic plaques plus vesicles and bullae on the normal skin and on psoriatic lesions were observed all over the body (Fig. 1). Histopathologic study of a lesion showed a subepidermal vesicle containing fibrin, neutrophils, and a few eosinophils. No sunburn cells were observed (Fig. 2). The direct immunofluorescence (DIF) test of perilesional uninvolved skin revealed immunoglobulin G (IgG) (Fig. 3) and C3 at the dermal-epidermal junction. The DIF study using the patient's skin, previously treated with 1. m NaCl, localized the IgG at both the epidermal and dermal sides of the basement membrane zone (Fig. 4). Bu llous pemphigoid (BP) was diagnosed and therapy with prednisone (60 mg/day) was started. The disease was well controlled in 3.weeks. The dose of prednisone was tapered and stopped 20.months later, without any recurrence. Study of the antibodies by the indirect immunofluorescence (IIF) test, using monkey esophagus and guinea pig as substrate, was positive at a titer of 1/160 in September 1999. The titer decreased to 1/10 in January 2000, and was negative in July 2000. An enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) test, performed using the commercial kit MBL, which identifies antibodies directed against epitopes of the extracellular fragment NC16 of antigen 2 of BP, was positive at 15 U/mL (normal value, < 9.U/mL) in September 1999, and negative in July 2000 (Table 1). © 2004 The International Society of Dermatology. ER  - 
Findings of and Treatment for High Levels of Mercury and Lead Toxicity in Ground Zero Rescue and Recovery Workers and Lower Manhattan Residents; In 2005, the Olive Leaf Wholeness Center conducted a demonstration project that provided health assessment, testing, and treatment to 160 uniformed service personnel and residents of Lower Manhattan who were exposed to the air at Ground Zero following September 11, 2001, for extended periods of time. The program, known as Project Olive ReLeaf, found that most individuals had eight or more serious health complaints, including severe respiratory problems, digestive problems, skin rashes, sleeplessness, anxiety, depression, weight gains, elevated blood pressure, lethargy, and recurrent headaches. Heavy metal toxicity was suspected as a causal factor for many of these symptoms. Of those tested for heavy metal toxicity, using a challenge urine test, 85% had excessively high levels of lead and mercury. Chelation treatment using dimercaptuosuccinic acid (DMSA), a Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved sulfur compound, was the primary treatment prescribed. After three to four months of treatment, the first cohort of 100 individuals reported significant (greater than 60%) improvement in all symptoms. (This demonstration program was developed based on the results of an earlier pilot in 2003 for 25 emergency service officers of the New York City Police Department.) In addition, adjunctive therapies to assist with the detoxification process and build the immune system were offered. A small grant has been received to conduct follow-up tests on a sample of those treated with DMSA. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Inflammation and excitotoxicity: Role in migraine pathogenesis; The pathogenesis of migraine is still unclear, but much evidence suggests a role of inflammation in pain generation. Calcitonin gene related peptide, nitric oxide and cytokines are all molecules shown to be involved both in animal and human studies. The glutamatergic system is also described as a possible mechanism leading to neuronal hyperexcitability and cortical spreading depression (CSD). Excitotoxic neural death, due to excessive release of the amino acid in the extracellular space, may represent a consequence of protracted CSD and oligaemia and may be involved in migrainous infarction and aspecific lesions seen on T2-weighted NMR imaging. © Springer-VerlagItalia 2006. ER  - 
Interaction of free fatty acids with mitochondria: Coupling, uncoupling and permeability transition; Long chain free fatty acids (FFA) exert, according to their actual concentration, different effects on the energy conserving system of mitochondria. Sub-micromolar concentrations of arachidonic acid (AA) rescue ΔpH-dependent depression of the proton pumping activity of the bc1 complex. This effect appears to be due to a direct interaction of AA with the proton-input mouth of the pump. At micromolar concentrations FFA increase the proton conductance of the inner membrane acting as protonophores. FFA can act as natural uncouplers, causing a mild uncoupling, which prevents reactive oxygen species production in the respiratory resting state. When Ca2+-loaded mitochondria are exposed to micromolar concentrations of FFA, the permeability of the inner membrane increases, resulting in matrix swelling, rupture of the outer membrane and release of intermembrane pro-apoptotic proteins. The characteristics of AA-induced swelling appear markedly different in mitochondria isolated from heart or liver. While in the latter it presents the canonical features of the classical permeability transition (PT), in heart mitochondria substantial differences are observed concerning CsA sensitivity, ΔΨ dependence, reversibility by BSA and specificity for the activating divalent cation. In heart mitochondria, the AA-dependent increase of the inner membrane permeability is affected by ANT ligands such as adenine nucleotides and atractyloside. AA apparently causes a Ca2+-mediated conversion of ANT from a translocator to a channel system. Upon diamide treatment of heart mitochondria, the Ca2+/AA-induced CsA insensitive channel is converted into the classical PT pore. The relevance of these observations in terms of tissue-specific components of the putative PTP and heart ischemic and post-ischemic process is discussed. © 2006 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Changes in the immune system in depression and dementia: Causal or coincidental effects?; Epidemiological studies show that there is a correlation between chronic depression and the likelihood of dementia in later life. There is evidence that inflammatory changes in the brain are pathological features of both depression and dementia. This suggests that an increase in inflammation-induced apoptosis, together with a reduction in the synthesis of neurotrophic factors caused by a rise in brain glucocorticoids, may play a role in the pathology of these disorders. A reduction in the neuroprotective components of the kynurenine pathway, such as kynurenic acid, and an increase in the neurodegenerative components, 3-hydroxykynurenine and quinolinic acid, contribute to the pathological changes. Such changes are postulated to cause neuronal damage, and thereby predispose chronically depressed patients to dementia. © 2006, LLS SAS. ER  - 
Cytosolic prostaglandin E2 synthase (cPGES) expression is decreased in discrete cortical regions in psychiatric disease; The number of adults in the US affected by bipolar disorder, depression, or schizophrenia is approaching 15 million. Despite decades of research, etiologies of these illnesses remain elusive. Theories of aberrant brain morphology, neurotransmission, and signal conduction have provided the heuristic framework for a large body of literature, with attention focused upon hypotheses of monoamine signaling underlying psychiatric disease. More recently, attention has turned to potential contributions of other signaling pathways, including the arachidonic acid cascade and generation of prostaglandins (PG). To determine the potential involvement of the pathways leading to PGE2 synthesis in psychiatric disease, immunohistochemistry and immunoblotting were performed to measure regional expression of the cyclooxygenases (COX) and one of the terminal PGE2 synthases (PGES) in postmortem tissue provided by The Stanley Medical Research Institute. For normal, bipolar, depressed, and schizophrenic subjects, COX-1 and COX-2 protein levels did not differ across region and patient populations. In contrast, there was a significant effect of diagnosis on cytosolic PGES (cPGES) protein levels in the frontal cortex, with remarkable decreases observed in all psychiatric groups relative to normal tissue (P < 0.05). Significant reduction of cPGES expression was also found in the temporal cortex of bipolar subjects. Evaluation of medicated vs. non-medicated subjects revealed a significant effect of medication on cPGES expression in the frontal cortex of bipolar, but not depressed or schizophrenic subjects. These novel findings further support hypotheses of abnormalities in fatty acid and phospholipid metabolism in regions associated with psychiatric disease. © 2006 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Neuroactive steroids and affective disorders; Neuroactive steroids modulate neurotransmission through modulation of specific neurotransmitter receptors such as γ-aminobutyric acid type A (GABAA) receptors. Preclinical studies suggested that neuroactive steroids may modulate anxiety and depression-related behaviour and may contribute to the therapeutical effects of antidepressant drugs. Attenuations of such neuroactive steroids have been observed during major depression and in several anxiety disorders, suggesting a pathophysiological role in such psychiatric conditions. In panic disorder patients a dysequilibrium of neuroactive steroid composition has been observed, which may represent a counterregulatory mechanism against the occurrence of spontaneous panic attacks. Furthermore, alterations of 3α-reduced pregnane steroids during major depression were corrected by successful treatment with antidepressant drugs. However in contrast, non-pharmacological antidepressant treatment strategies did not affect neuroactive steroid composition. In addition, changes in neuroactive steroid concentrations after mirtazapine therapy occurred independently from the clinical response, thereby suggesting that changes in neuroactive steroid concentrations more likely reflect direct pharmacological effects of antidepressants rather than clinical improvement in general. Nevertheless, the effects of antidepressant pharmacotherapy on the composition of neuroactive steroids may contribute to the alleviation of certain depressive symptoms, such as amelioration of anxiety, inner tension or sleep disturbances. Moreover, first studies investigating the therapeutical effects of dehydroepiandrosterone revealed promising results in the treatment of major depression. In conclusion, neuroactive steroids are important endogenous modulators of depression and anxiety and may provide a basis for development of novel therapeutic agents in the treatment of affective disorders. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Individual differences in salivary cortisol: Associations with common over-the-counter and prescription medication status in infants and their mothers; The purpose of the present study was to describe associations between the use of common over-the-counter (OTC) and prescription medications with individual differences in salivary cortisol in infants and their mothers. Participants were 1020 mothers and 852 infants (52.5% boys; ages 5.03-13.44 months) from economically disadvantaged and ethnically diverse families (38.4% African American) who donated saliva samples before, 20 and 40 min after infants participated in a series of challenging tasks. Samples (N = 5616) were later assayed for cortisol. Medication information was content analyzed separately for infants (e.g., teething gels, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, acetaminophen, decongestants) and mothers (e.g., narcotics, antidepressants, antipsychotics, contraceptives, glucocorticoids). A large percentage of infants (44%) and the majority of mothers (57.5%) had used at least one medication (range 0-4) in the previous 48 h. Most frequent were acetaminophen (e.g., Tylenol®) and cold medications (e.g., decongestants) for infants and contraceptives and acetaminophen for mothers. Compared to infants not taking any medications, cortisol reactivity to the challenge tasks was less pronounced for infants taking acetaminophen. Cortisol levels were higher for mothers taking oral or transdermal contraceptives and acetylsalicylic acid (e.g., Aspirin®) but lower for mothers taking pure agonist opioids (e.g., Oxycontin®) compared to mothers not taking any medications. These medication-related differences remained significant after controlling for sampling time, fever, maternal anxiety and depression, infant temperament, ethnicity, SES, and health status. Recommendations are provided to steer investigators clear of these potential sources of unsystematic error variance in salivary cortisol. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitor celecoxib has therapeutic effects in major depression: Results of a double-blind, randomized, placebo controlled, add-on pilot study to reboxetine; Signs of an inflammatory process, in particular increased pro-inflammatory cytokines and increased levels of prostaglandine E2 (PGE 2), have repeatedly been described in major depression (MD). As cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) inhibitors inhibit the PGE2 production and the production of pro-inflammatory cytokines, we performed a therapeutic trial with the COX-2 inhibitor celecoxib. In a prospective, double-blind, add-on study, 40 patients suffering from an acute depressive episode were randomly assigned to either reboxetine and celecoxib or to reboxetine plus placebo. After a wash-out period, 20 patients received 4-10 mg reboxetine plus placebo and 20 received reboxetine plus 400 mg celecoxib for 6 weeks. The treatment effect was calculated by analysis of variance. There were no significant differences between groups in age, sex, duration or severity of disease or psychopathology, or reboxetine dose or plasma levels. Over 6 weeks, both groups of patients showed significant improvement in scores of the Hamilton Depression Scale. However, the celecoxib group showed significantly greater improvement compared to the reboxetine-alone group. Additional treatment with celecoxib has significant positive effects on the therapeutic action of reboxetine with regard to depressive symptomatology. Moreover, the fact that treatment with an anti-inflammatory drug showed beneficial effects on MD indicates that inflammation is related to the pathomechanism of the disorder, although the exact mechanisms remain to become elucidated. © 2006 Nature Publishing Group All rights reserved. ER  - 
Acetylsalicylic acid accelerates the antidepressant effect of fluoxetine in the chronic escape deficit model of depression; Evidence has accumulated suggesting that major depression is associated with dysfunction of inflammatory mediators. Moreover, antidepressants show an anti-inflammatory action possibly related to their clinical efficacy. An improvement in psychiatric symptoms has been recently reported in patients treated with anti-inflammatory drugs for other indications. These data imply that inflammation may be involved in the pathogenesis of depression and that anti-inflammatory drugs may be used as an adjunctive therapy. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the behavioural effect of the co-administration of acetylsalicylic acid (ASA, 45 mg/kg or 22.5 mg/kg) and fluoxetine (FLX, 5 mg/kg) in the chronic escape deficit model of depression. The chronic escape deficit model is based on the modified reactivity of rats to external stimuli induced by exposure to unavoidable stress and allows evaluation of the capacity of a treatment to revert the condition of escape deficit. In this model, FLX alone needs to be administered for at least 3 weeks to revert this condition. Our results show that combined treatment of fluoxetine and ASA completely reverted the condition of escape deficit by as early as 7 days, the effect being already partially present after 4 days. The effect was maintained after 14 and 21 days of treatment. ASA alone was ineffective at any time tested and the effect of fluoxetine was significant only at 21 days. These results, together with clinical data from preliminary results, suggest that ASA might accelerate the onset of action of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor antidepressants. © 2006 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Shortened onset of action of antidepressants in major depression using acetylsalicylic acid augmentation: A pilot open-label study; Based on our preclinical data showing a potential accelerating effect of acetylsalicylic acid (ASA) in combination with fluoxetine in an animal model of depression, we examined the effect of ASA augmentation therapy on selective reuptake inhibitors (SSRI) in major depressed non-responder patients. Twenty-four non-responder patients having received at least 4 weeks of an adequate SSRI treatment were included in a pilot open-label study. Participants were treated openly during 4 weeks with 160 mg/day ASA in addition to their current antidepressant treatment. The combination SSRI-ASA was associated with a response rate of 52.4%. Remission was achieved in 43% of the total sample and 82% of the responder sample. In the responder group, a significant improvement was observed within week 1 (mean Hamilton Depression Rating Scale-21 items at day 0 = 29.3 ± 4.5, at day 7 = 14.0 ± 4.1; P < 0.0001) and remained sustained until day 28. Despite limitations due to the open nature of this study, our preliminary results confirm our preclinical findings and are in favour of an accelerating effect of ASA in combination with SSRIs in the treatment of major depression. Potential physiological and biochemical mechanisms may involve an anti-inflammatory and/or neurotrophic effect. © 2006 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Enhancement of antibacterial activity of β-lactam antibiotics by [P2W18O62]6-, [SiMo12O40]4-, and [PTi2W10O40]7- against methicillin-resistant and vancomycin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus; The enhancement of antibacterial activity of β-lactam antibiotics by polyoxometalates against methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) and vancomycin-resistant S. aureus (VRSA) was investigated by using K6[P2W18O62] · 14H2O (P2W18), K4[SiMo12O40] · 3H2O (SiMo12), and K7[PTi2W10O40] · 6H2O (PTi2W10). Susceptibility test by a β-lactam-disk method showed the synergistic effect of the polyoxometalates in combination with oxacillin against both MRSA and VRSA. Energy dispersive X-ray analysis of the strain treated with P2W18 revealed localization of the polyoxometalate-tungsten atoms at the periphery of the cell, and the biological reduction of P2W18 and SiMo12 proceeded within both cells of MRSA and VRSA as far as they keep alive. These results indicate that the polyoxometalates can penetrate through the cell wall consisting of peptidoglycan layers and reach cytoplasmic membrane. The inhibitory effect of the polyoxometalates on both mecA- and pbp-induced mRNA expression of both MRSA and VRSA cells, verified by the RT-PCR-electrophoresis analysis, is observed, and the mechanism of the synergistic effect by the polyoxometalates is discussed in terms of the depression of penicillin-binding protein 2′ (PBP2′) coded by mecA gene. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Baseline comorbidity levels in biologic and standard DMARD treated patients with rheumatoid arthritis: Results from a national patient register; Objective: To describe the occurrence of baseline comorbidity in subjects with active rheumatoid arthritis starting treatment with biological agents. Such data are necessary to interpret the reported occurrence of adverse events following treatment. Methods: Baseline comorbidity was recorded in a large national cohort of patients with rheumatoid arthritis newly starting biological agents. The distribution of the number and types of comorbidities is presented. Results: In all, 7818 patients treated with biological agents (infliximab 3332, etanercept 3302, adalimumab 1059, anakinra 132) were included in the analysis. Comorbidity was common, with 58% of patients having at least one comorbid condition and 25% having more than one. The most frequent comorbid conditions were hypertension, depression, peptic ulcer disease, and respiratory disease. Conclusions: In routine use, patients treated with biological agents have high levels of baseline comorbidity, which should influence the interpretation of reported adverse events. ER  - 
Pharmacological management of Huntington's disease: An evidence-based review; Introduction: Despite the increasing body of published reports on pharmacological interventions in Huntington's disease (HD), an evidence based review (EBR) of treatment studies has not yet been published. Method: Systematic literature searches were done using Medline (1965 - August 2005), the central database in the Cochrane Library (1969 - August 2005), and reference lists published in review articles and other clinical reports. Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) were classified as level-I-studies in this paper. Level-II evidence was assigned to non-randomized, controlled clinical studies. Level-III-studies comprised open label trials excluding case reports. Measures of efficacy as well as safety and tolerability were considered for each compound. Results: We identified 218 publications on pharmacological interventions in HD since 1965. Among them were 20 level-I, 55 level-II, 54 level-III trials, and 89 case reports. All these papers are listed and analyzed. Chorea was the primary end point in all level-I and level-II symptomatic intervention trials. There is some evidence for treating chorea with haloperidol or fluphenazine, and less evidence for olanzapine. These three drugs have been considered "possibly useful" for the treatment of chorea in this analysis. Other substances (e.g. amantadine, riluzole, and tetrabenazine) are considered "investigational" for chorea. There is very low evidence for the treatment of other problems: "possibly useful" drugs are L-dopa and pramipexole for rigidity; amitryptiline and mirtazapine for depression; risperidone for psychosis; and olanzapine, haloperidol, and buspirone for behavioral symptoms in HD. Three substances are considered "investigational" for possible neuroprotection: coenzyme Q10, minocycline, and unsaturated fatty acids. Conclusion: There is poor evidence in management of HD today. The analysis of the twenty level-I studies fails to result in any treatment recommendation of clinical relevance. High-quality RCT are highly warranted to advance HD treatment in clinical practice. © 2006 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Growth depression in socially subordinate rainbow trout Oncorhynchus mykiss: More than a fasting effect; To assess the effects of subordinate social status on digestive function, metabolism, and enzyme activity in salmonid fish, juvenile rainbow trout Oncorhynchus mykiss were paired with size-matched conspecifics (<1.5% difference in fork length) for 5 d. Fish that were fasted for 5 d and fish sampled directly from the holding tank were used as control groups. Both subordinate and fasted fish experienced significant decreases in intestine mass (P = 0.043), and the gall bladder showed marked and significant changes in both size (P = 0.004) and appearance. These findings suggest that the negative effect of social subordination on digestive function reflects in large part a lack of feeding. Hepatic phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase activity was significantly higher in subordinate fish relative to dominants, whereas subordinate hepatic pyruvate kinase activity was significantly lower; activities of both enzymes were significantly correlated with plasma cortisol concentrations and behavior scores. Dominant-subordinate differences in the activities of these enzymes were eliminated by administration of the glucocorticoid receptor antagonist RU486, underlining a role for circulating cortisol in eliciting the differences. Significant increases relative to control fish were also detected in red and white muscles from subordinate fish in the activities of protein catabolic enzymes (aspartate aminotransferase, alanine aminotransferase, glutamate dehydrogenase). These differences occurred in the absence of any change in plasma free amino acid or ammonia concentrations, supporting an enhanced turnover of amino acids in muscle in subordinate fish. The results support the hypothesis that changes in metabolism, beyond those elicited by low food consumption, may be responsible at least in part for the low growth rates typical of subordinate fish and that these changes may be related specifically to circulating cortisol levels in subordinate fish. © 2006 by The University of Chicago. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Fatal sand impaction of the spiral colon in a 1-month-old alpaca; A 1-month-old cria (Lama pacos) was presented because of depression, anorexia, and diarrhea for 3 days. Although treated for enteritis (intravenous fluids and antibiotics), the cria's condition deteriorated. An abdominal radiograph revealed radiodense materials in the 3rd compartment and intestines. The cria died due to sand impaction of the spiral colon. ER  - 
Sex differences in outcomes of sinus surgery; PURPOSE: Sex has been demonstrated to affect outcome in many diseases. Our current aim is to investigate the relationship between sex and outcomes of endoscopic sinus surgery (ESS) in patients with chronic rhinosinusitis (CRS). METHODS: Forty-four males and 73 females undergoing ESS for CRS with a mean follow-up of 1.4 years were evaluated prospectively. Computed tomography (CT), endoscopy, and quality of life (QOL) assessment was performed. Univariate analyses were performed to evaluate whether sex was predictive of outcome. Multiple logistic regression analysis was performed to evaluate sex association with patient factors predictive of outcome. RESULTS: Although no sex differences in CT and endoscopy were observed (CT, P = .107 and endoscopy, P > .1), females consistently scored worse than males on disease-specific QOL pre- and postoperatively. Importantly, there was no effect of sex on improvement/change scores for the QOL instruments. PREDICTIVE MODELS AND MULTIPLE LOGISTIC REGRESSION ANALYSIS: Sex was not found to be predictive of QOL or endoscopic outcome. Female sex was, however, associated with acetylsalicylic acid (ASA) intolerance and depression, both factors that have been associated with poorer outcome. CONCLUSION: Despite similarities in objective disease measures, females report significantly worse QOL scores pre- and postoperatively. Postoperative improvement did not differ by sex, nor was sex predictive of postoperative outcome. Sex differences in QOL reflect sex differences in ASA intolerance and depression, both more prevalent in females. © 2006 The American Laryngological, Rhinological and Otological Society, Inc. ER  - 
Quality of life and psychological symptoms in patients with severe acne in treatment with isotretinoin; Background: Isotretinoin is a drug prescribed for the management of severe acne. Its adverse effects include psychological symptoms as anxiety and depression, which may or may not affect quality of life. Objective: To determine the relationship between the consumption of isotretinoin and depression, anxiety or quality of life abnormalities, compared with the conventional treatment. Patients and method: We performed an open label, prospective and comparative study that included 30 patients. Subjects were divided into two groups (15 patients each one). On the first group (group A), isotretinoin was administered at 1 mg/kg during 4 months. In the second group (group B), minocycline 1.5 mg/kg daily plus benzoil peroxide were administered. We applied quality life questionnaires, depression and anxiety related and an evaluation for the severity of acne at the basal point, in the 2 and 4 months of treatment. Results: We did not observe differences in the presence of psychological symptoms and in quality of life abnormalities between the two treatments at four months. Severity of acne was modified equally in both treatments. Isotretinoin did not behave as a risk factor for severe depression or suicidal ideation. Conclusion: Isotretinoin is not a risk factor for psychological symptoms or quality of life abnormalities, although more double blinded studies about it are required. ER  - 
Depression of NMDA-receptor-mediated segmental transmission by ketamine and ketoprofen, but not l-NAME, on the in vitro neonatal rat spinal cord preparation; Activation of spinal N-methyl-d-aspartate (NMDA) receptors and then the nitric oxide and the arachidonic acid pathways is important in pain transmission. This study assessed the effects of the NMDA receptor channel blocker ketamine, the nitric oxide synthase inhibitor l-NAME, and the cyclooxygenase inhibitor ketoprofen in nociceptive transmission using an in vitro neonatal rat spinal cord preparation. Supramaximal electrical stimulation of the dorsal root evoked the A-fibre- and C-fibre-mediated high intensity excitatory postsynaptic potential (EPSP) in the ipsilateral ventral root. Low intensity stimulation evoked the A-fibre-mediated monosynaptic compound action potential (MSR) superimposed on the low intensity EPSP. Both the low intensity EPSP and the high intensity EPSP contain NMDA-receptor-mediated components. Only ketamine and ketoprofen depressed the synaptic responses. Ketamine depressed all three spinal reflexes with IC50 values (with 95% CI) of 10.80 μM (5.97 to 19.54 μM) for the MSR, 8.29 μM (4.53 to 14.17 μM) for the low intensity EPSP, and 5.35 μM (3.05 to 9.40 μM) for the high intensity EPSP. Ketoprofen depressed the low intensity EPSP and the high intensity EPSP only; IC50 values (with 95% CI) were 354.5 μM (217.5 to 576.8 μM) and 302.7 μM (174.0 to 526.7 μM), respectively. Reflexes recovered after drug washout. These data demonstrated that ketamine and ketoprofen, but not l-NAME, depressed NMDA-mediated nociceptive transmission in spinal cord preparations from neonatal rats. © 2006 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
A new chapter opens in anti-inflammatory treatments:The antidepressant bupropion lowers production of tumor necrosis factor-alpha and interferon-gamma in mice; In a wide range of human diseases of inflammatory nature like Crohn's disease, pathology is mediated in part by pro-inflammatory cytokines like tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF) or interferon-gamma. We show here that a commonly used generic antidepressant bupropion, in wide use worldwide to treat depression in humans for a decade now, profoundly lowers levels of TNF, interferon-gamma, and interleukin-1 beta in vivo, in a mouse lipopolysaccharide (LPS) induced inflammation model. Mice challenged with an otherwise lethal dose of LPS were protected by bupropion and levels of the anti-inflammatory cytokine interleukin-10 were increased. Previous data in rodents and humans indicate antidepressant effects of bupropion are mediated by its weak reuptake inhibition of norepinephrine and dopamine. Concordant with this, TNF suppression by bupropion in our mouse LPS model was largely abrogated by beta-adrenergic or dopamine D1 receptor antagonists but not by a D2 antagonist. TNF synthesis is controlled by an inverse relationship with intracellular cyclic adenosine monophosphate (cAMP) and stimulation of either beta-adrenoreceptors or D1 dopaminergic receptors result in increased cAMP but stimulation of D2 receptors lowers cAMP. We conclude that bupropion may suppress TNF synthesis by mediating increased signaling at beta-adrenoreceptors and D1 receptors, resulting in increased cAMP that inhibits TNF synthesis. Bupropion is well tolerated also in non-psychiatric populations and has less risk with long term use than current anti-inflammatory, immunosuppressive or TNF suppressive treatments such as prednisone, azathioprine, infliximab, or methotrexate. New anti-inflammatory treatments are needed. We believe a new chapter in antiinflammatory, TNF lowering treatment of disease has been opened. Bupropion's use for this in humans should be explored. © 2006 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Relevance of endogenous 3α-reduced neurosteroids to depression and antidepressant action; The naturally occurring 3α-reduced neurosteroids allopregnanolone and its isomer pregnanolone are among the most potent positive allosteric modulators of γ-aminobutyric acid type A receptors. They play a critical role in the maintenance of physiological GABAergic tone and display a broad spectrum of neuropsychopharmacological properties. We have reviewed existing evidence implicating the relevance of endogenous 3α-reduced neuroactive steroids to depression and to the mechanism of action of antidepressants. A wide range of preclinical and clinical evidence suggesting the antidepressant potential of 3α-reduced neuroactive steroids and a possible involvement of a deficiency and a disequilibrium of neuroactive steroid levels in pathomechanisms underlying the etiology of major depressive disorder have emerged in recent years. Antidepressants elevate 3α-reduced neurosteroid levels in rodent brain, and clinically effective antidepressant pharmacotherapy is associated with normalization of plasma and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) concentrations of endogenous neuroactive steroids in depressed patients, unveiling a possible contribution of neuroactive steroids to the mechanism of action of antidepressants. In contrast, recent studies using nonpharmacological antidepressant therapy suggest that changes in plasma neuroactive steroid levels may not be a general mandatory component of clinically effective antidepressant treatment per se, but may reflect distinct properties of pharmacotherapy only. While preclinical studies offer convincing evidence in support of an antidepressant-like effect of 3α-reduced neuroactive steroids in rodent models of depression, current clinical investigations are inconclusive of an involvement of neuroactive steroid deficiency in the pathophysiology of depression. Moreover, clinical evidence is merely suggestive of a role of neuroactive steroids in the mechanism of action of clinically effective antidepressant therapy. Additional clinical studies evaluating the impact of successful pharmacological and nonpharmacological antidepressant therapies on changes in neuroactive steroid levels in both plasma and CSF samples of the same patients are necessary in order to more accurately address the relevance of 3α-reduced neuroactive steroids to major depressive disorder. Finally, proof-of-concept studies with drugs that are known to selectively elevate brain neurosteroid levels may offer a direct assessment of an involvement of neurosteroids in the treatment of depressive symptomatology. © Springer-Verlag 2005. ER  - 
Neuropsychopharmacological properties of neuroactive steroids in depression and anxiety disorders; Neuroactive steroids modulate neurotransmission through modulation of specific neurotransmitter receptors such as γ-aminobutyric acid type A (GABAA) receptors. Preclinical studies suggested that neuroactive steroids may modulate anxiety- and depression-related behaviour and may contribute to the therapeutical effects of antidepressant drugs. Attenuations of 3α-reduced neuroactive steroids have been observed during major depression. This disequilibrium can be corrected by successful treatment with antidepressant drugs. However, non-pharmacological antidepressant treatment strategies did not affect neuroactive steroid composition independently from the clinical response. Further research is needed to clarify whether enhancement of neuroactive steroid levels might represent a new therapeutical approach in the treatment of affective disorders. Nevertheless, the first studies investigating the therapeutical effects of exogenously administered dehydroepiandosterone revealed promising results in the treatment of major depression. In addition, in various anxiety disorders alterations of neuroactive steroid levels have been observed. In panic disorder, in the absence of panic attacks, neuroactive steroid composition is opposite to that seen in depression, which may represent counter-regulatory mechanisms against the occurrence of spontaneous panic attacks. However, during experimentally induced panic attacks, there was a pronounced decline in GABAergic neuroactive steroids, which might contribute to the pathophysiology of panic attacks. In conclusion, neuroactive steroids contribute to the pathophysiology of affective disorders and the mechanisms of action of antidepressants. They are important endogenous modulators of depression and anxiety and may provide a basis for the development of novel therapeutic agents in the treatment of affective disorders. © Springer-Verlag 2005. ER  - 
Preliminary evidence of reduced occipital GABA concentrations in puerperal women: A 1H-MRS study; Rationale: Childbirth is associated with rapid neuroendocrine fluctuations, which are thought to contribute to the phatogenesis of postpartum major depression (PPD). Objectives: The aim of this proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy (1H-MRS) study was two-fold; 1) to examine whether puerperium is associated with alterations in occipital cortex gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) concentrations and 2) to determine whether such alterations may be more prominent in women with PPD. Materials and methods: Nine women with PPD, 14 postpartum healthy controls, and ten healthy follicular phase females underwent 1H-MRS at 2.1 Tesla to measure occipital cortex GABA concentrations. Postpartum women were scanned within 6 months of delivery and prior to resumption of menstruation. Healthy non-puerperal controls, drawn from a historical sample, were scanned during the early to mid-follicular phase when ovarian hormone levels would be similar to those found in the puerperium. GABA data were analyzed using analysis of covariance, and regression models were used to explore the relationship between cortical GABA concentrations and blood levels of estradiol, progesterone, and neurosteroids. Results: Cortical GABA and plasma allopregnanolone (ALLO) concentrations were reduced in both groups of postpartum women, regardless of PPD diagnosis, compared to healthy follicular phase women. There was no correlation between cortical GABA concentrations and estradiol, progesterone, ALLO, or pregnenolone (PREG). Conclusions: This study is the first to describe reductions in occipital cortex GABA levels in the postpartum period, a time of increased vulnerability to mood disturbances in women. The concomitant reduction in peripheral ALLO levels provides further evidence of alterations in the balance between cortical excitation and inhibition during the puerperium. Women with PPD may represent a subgroup of women who fail to adequately adapt to this alteration in the neuroendocrine milieu. © Springer-Verlag 2006. ER  - 
Omega-3 fatty acids for mother and child health; Linoleic acid, precursor of omega-6, and alpha-linolenic acid, precursor of omega-3, undergo several transformations to form, respectively, arachidonic acid and eicosapentaenoic and docohexaenoic acids. A ratio of 5/1 between linoleic and alpha-linolenic acids intake is recommended. However, the dietary intake of the French population is far from matching this ratio, which is imbalanced in favor of linoleic acid. This omega-3 deficiency, that may play a role in the onset of cancers, cardiovascular and neurovascular diseases, is worsened in physiological situations such as pregnancy and breastfeeding. Omega-3 deficiency may enhance the risk of premature delivery and post-partum depression; omega-3 fortification of mother's milk may stimulate visual and cognitive functions in the baby. Pharmacological supplementation might be proposed in pregnant/breastfeeding women. © 2006 Elsevier SAS. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Determinants of fasting total serum homocysteine levels in liver transplant recipients; Objectives: Homocysteine (HCY) is a sulfur-containing amino acid considered to be a marker for a relative folate deficiency. Hyperhomocysteinemia is a known risk factor for development of cardiovascular disease, vascular dementia, depression, and possibly some carcinogeneses. Liver transplant recipients have an increased risk for cardiovascular disease because of a high incidence of obesity, arterial hypertension, diabetes mellitus, and hyperlipidemia. The aim of this study is to elucidate the determinants for hyperhomocysteinemia as an additional risk factor in these patients. Materials and Methods: Seventy stable liver transplant recipients, 48 men (mean age, 50 ± 11 years) and 22 women (mean age, 52 ± 13 years) had their serum homocysteine levels tested after orthotopic liver transplantation. For mainstay immunosuppression, 53 patients were treated with tacrolimus, 10 with cyclosporine, 3 with mycophenolate mofetil, and 4 with sirolimus. Fasting blood samples were obtained and analyzed immediately (within 1 hour) for total serum homocysteine by high-performance liquid chromatography. Results: In all patients, mean homocysteine levels were 22.7 ± 14 μmol/L (normal range, 9-15 μmol/L). Forty-six patients were found to have homocysteine levels > 15 μmol/L, and all 70 recipients had homocysteine levels > 9 μmol/mL. In our patients, increased homocysteine levels correlated well with body mass index and renal function. Homocysteine levels in patients receiving cyclosporine were higher than those in patients receiving tacrolimus (22.3 ± 6 vs 17.9 ± 12 μmol/L, P < .05). Conclusions: Overall, homocysteine levels are significantly increased in liver transplant recipients. Homocysteine levels correlate well with obesity, renal function, and the particular immunosuppressant protocol. Therefore, a specific treatment for patients after liver transplantation (eg, one with folates) might reduce the risk of complications resulting from hyperhomocysteinemia. Copyright © Başkent University 2006 Printed in Turkey. All Rights Reserved. ER  - 
Lamotrigine-associated anticonvulsant hypersensitivity syndrome in bipolar disorder; Anticonvulsant hypersensitivity syndrome (AHS) is a rare but life-threatening adverse effect of aromatic anticonvulsants such as phenytoin, phenobarbital and carbamazepine, although there is extensive experience with AHS related to these anticonvulsants. Very few cases of lamotrigine-associated AHS have been reported in bipolar patients and most reported cases were published in non-psychiatric journals. The authors describe here the occurrence of an AHS in a 48-year-old bipolar woman who was treated with lamotrigine, valproic acid and venlafaxine for her depressive symptoms. She developed a high fever, generalized maculopapular rash, pancytopenia, pneumonitis and hepatitis after we added lamotrigine to valproate and venlafaxine. These adverse drug reactions resolved after the discontinuation of lamotrigine and valproate, and the administration of oral antihistamine and corticosteroid. Our case demonstrates that the most important steps in the management of lamotrigine-associated AHS are to recognize the disorder, discontinue the offending anticonvulsants, provide supportive care in an inpatient setting, and treat with antihistamine and steroids when appropriate. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Omega-3 fatty acids and mood disorders; Objective: This article is an overview of epidemiological and treatment studies suggesting that deficits in dietary-based omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids may make an etiological contribution to mood disorders and that supplementation with omega-3 fatty acids may provide a therapeutic strategy. Method: Relevant published studies are detailed and considered. Results: Several epidemiological studies suggest covariation between seafood consumption and rates of mood disorders. Biological marker studies indicate deficits in omega-3 fatty acids in people with depressive disorders, while several treatment studies indicate therapeutic benefits from omega-3 supplementation. A similar contribution of omega-3 fatty acids to coronary artery disease may explain the well-described links between coronary artery disease and depression. Conclusions: Deficits in omega-3 fatty acids have been identified as a contributing factor to mood disorders and offer a potential rational treatment approach. This review identifies a number of hypotheses and studies for consideration. In particular, the authors argue for studies clarifying the efficacy of omega-3 supplementation for unipolar and bipolar depressive disorders, both as individual and augmentation treatment strategies, and for studies pursuing which omega-3 fatty acid, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) or docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), is likely to provide the greatest benefit. ER  - 
Effects of n-3 fatty acids during pregnancy and lactation; n-3 Fatty acids exert important effects on eicosanoid metabolism, membrane properties, and gene expression and therefore are biologically important nutrients. One n-3 fatty acid, docosahexaenoic acid, is an important component of neural and retinal membranes and accumulates rapidly in the brain and retina during the later part of gestation and early postnatal life. It is reasonable to hypothesize that maternal n-3 fatty acid intakes might have significant effects on several pregnancy outcomes as well as on subsequent infant visual function and neurodevelopmental status. Studies, both observational and interventional, assessing the influence of n-3 fatty acids during pregnancy or the early postpartum period on duration of gestation and infant size at birth, preeclampsia, depression, and infant visual function and neurodevelopment have been reported. n-3 Fatty acid intakes (both in terms of absolute amounts of docosahexaenoic acid and eicosapentaenoic acid and the ratio of these 2 fatty acids) varied widely in these studies, however, and no clear consensus exists regarding the effects of n-3 fatty acids on any of these outcomes. The available data suggest a modest effect of these fatty acids on increasing gestational duration and possibly enhancing infant neurodevelopment. Although data from earlier observational studies suggested a potential role of these fatty acids in decreasing the incidence of preeclampsia, this has not been confirmed in randomized, prospective trials. Because of the paucity of data from randomized, prospective, double-blind trials, the effect of n-3 fatty acids on depression during pregnancy or the early postpartum period remains unresolved. © 2006 American Society for Nutrition. ER  - 
Delayed death in burns and the allegations of medical negligence; Burns and deaths due to burns to remain an important public health and social problem in India. Most of the victims, who survive the initial 24 h after burns, succumb to infection of the burnt area and its complications. Burns cause devitalization of tissues, leaving extensive raw areas, which usually remain moist due to the outflow of serous exudate. This exposed, moist area along with the dead and devitalized tissue provides the optimum environment favoring colonization and proliferation of numerous microorganisms, which is further enhanced by the depression of the immune response. All these factors, i.e., disruption of the skin barrier, a large cutaneous bacterial load, the possibility of the normal bacterial flora turning into opportunistic pathogens and the severe depression of the immune system, contribute towards sepsis in a burns victim, which usually is life threatening. Despite various advances in infection control measures, early detection of microorganisms and newer, broader spectrum antibiotics, management of burn septicemia still remains a challenge. Pulmonary, cardiac and other complications also contribute to the delayed deaths following severe burn. © 2006 Elsevier Ltd and ISBI. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Antioxidant status, lipid peroxidation and nitric oxide in fibromyalgia: Etiologic and therapeutic concerns; We proposed to assess the oxidant/antioxidant status, lipid peroxidation and nitric oxide (NO) in untreated fibromyalgia (FM) patients and controls. The effect of amitriptyline (A, 20 mg daily) and sertraline (S, 100 mg daily) treatment on patients' superoxide dismutase (SOD), xanthine oxidase (XO), adenosine deaminase (ADA) enzyme activities, thiobarbituric acid reactive substances (TBARS) and NO levels was investigated. Thirty female patients with primary FM and age-matched 16 healthy female controls were included. Patients received an 8-week course of treatment with either A or S. FM patients had higher serum levels of TBARS (particularly malondialdehyde) and lower levels of nitrite compared to controls whereas enzyme activities were similar. A and S significantly improved Fibromyalgia Impact Questionnaire (FIQ) pain scores, Hamilton anxiety and depression rating scales. But neither A nor S had significant effects on measured oxidative stress parameters, except SOD activity that was significantly reduced after S treatment. Total myalgic scores negatively correlated with XO activity, and depression scales negatively correlated with levels of TBARS. Our results indicate that patients with FM are under oxidative stress. These findings represent a rationale for further research assessing the effect of free radical scavengers or antioxidant agents like vitamins and omega-3 fatty acids on peripheral and central mechanisms in FM. © Springer-Verlag 2005. ER  - 
Plasma levels of homovanillic acid, 5-hydroxyindoleacetic acid and cortisol, and serotonin turnover in depressed patients; Plasma levels of ACTH, cortisol and monoamines were examined in 23 depressed patients and 31 healthy subjects. Patients showed increased plasma cortisol levels, but not plasma adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH) levels. The plasma levels of a dopamine metabolite, homovanillic acid (HVA) and 3,4-dihydroxyphenylacetic acid (DOPAC), were significantly decreased in the patients. In contrast, the plasma levels of a serotonin (5-HT) metabolite, hydroxyindoleacetic acid (5-HIAA), and 5-HT turnover (5-HIAA/5-HT) were increased in the depressed patients. Therefore, plasma levels of HVA and 5-HIAA are proven to be dissociable. Furthermore, plasma levels of 5-HIAA and L-DOPA have positive relationships with severity of depression. On the basis of this and the previous studies, we speculate that an increase in the plasma 5-HIAA levels might be a compensatory mechanism for stress, whereas 5-HT turnover might reflect depressive state. Taken together, plasma levels of HVA and 5-HIAA, and 5-HT turnover (5-HIAA/5-HT) could be good markers for evaluating depression. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Decreased neuroactive steroids induced by combined oral contraceptive pills are not associated with mood changes; Objective: To evaluate the effects of a low-dose combined oral contraceptive pill (OCP) on peripheral neuroactive steroid concentrations, precursors for neuroactive steroid synthesis, and mood in healthy women desiring contraception. These neuroactive steroids are γ-aminobutyric acid receptor agonists and are important in the modulation of affect and adaptation to stress. Design: Prospective observational study. Setting: Human ambulatory patient study. Patient(s): Healthy OCP-naive women without current or history of affective disorder. Intervention(s): A 0.020-mg ethinyl E2-0.1-mg levonorgestrel containing OCP for 3 months. Main Outcome Measure(s): Serum neuroactive steroids allopregnanolone, allotetrahydrodeoxycorticosterone, and DHEA; neuroactive steroid precursors P and pregnenolone; E2; and mood and anxiety as assessed by the Premenstrual Syndrome Daily Ratings Form, Beck Depression Inventory, Spielberger State-Trait Anxiety Inventory, and Profile of Mood States. Result(s): The combined OCP resulted in a decrease in neuroactive steroids and neuroactive steroid precursors as well as in E2. However, this decline was not associated with adverse mood changes on any of the well-validated assessment tools. Conclusion(s): Healthy women without underlying mood or anxiety disorder who were given a low-dose OCP did not experience adverse psychological symptoms despite a significant reduction in neuroactive steroids. © 2006 American Society for Reproductive Medicine. ER  - 
Analgesic activity of venlafaxine and its interactions with tramadol, celecoxib and amlodipine in mice; Objective: To study the analgesic activity of venlafaxine and its interactions with tramadol, celecoxib and amlodipine. Materials and Methods: Antinociceptive action of venlafaxine (5, 7.5, 10 and 22.5 mg/kg) was studied in mice (tail flick and writhing tests). Sub-analgesic doses of venlafaxine, tramadol, celecoxib and amlodipine were obtained using these methods. A sub-analgesic dose of venlafaxine was combined with sub-analgesic doses of tramadol, celecoxib and amlodipine to study their interactions. Results: The antinociceptive action of venlafaxine was found only at higher doses (10 and 22.5 mg/kg). When a sub-analgesic dose of venlafaxine was combined with sub-analgesic doses of tramadol, amlodipine or celecoxib, the combination resulted in a significant antinociceptive effect. Conclusion: Evidence of analgesic activity, as indicated by increase in tail flick latency and decrease in number of writhing movements following venlafaxine treatment, suggests that it could possibly have central as well as peripheral action. The findings indicate that the potential use of venlafaxine in antidepressant dose could produce marked pain relief. Thus patients of depression, who are on venlafaxine, may be able to tolerate mild to moderate pain without any additional analgesic. ER  - 
Omega-3 fatty acids: Role in the prevention an treatment of psychiatric disorders; The purpose of this article is to review the current literature regarding the role of omega-3 (ω-3) fatty acids (mainly eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid) in the etiology and treatment of psychiatric disorders. Omega-3 fatty acids are essential for normal structure and function of neuronal membranes. They also influence cell signaling and are precursors to the eicosanoids, which play important regulatory roles in a wide range of physiological functions. There has been considerable interest in the potential use of ω-3 fatty acids for the treatment of psychiatric disorders including depression, bipolar disorder, schizophrenia, borderline disorder, obsessive compulsive disorder and childhood developmental and psychiatric disorders. This article provides a critical review of the recent findings and discusses future directions and questions that remain unanswered. © 2006 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
St. John's wort does not interfere with therapeutic drug monitoring of 12 commonly monitored drugs using immunoassays; St. John's wort, a popular herbal remedy for depression, is known to interact with many Western drugs because of the ability of its components to induce liver enzymes. Lower concentrations of various drugs due to increased clearance have been reported. Because immunoassays are commonly used in clinical laboratories for therapeutic drug monitoring, we studied the potential interference of St. John's wort with commonly monitored therapeutic drugs. Drug-free serum pools were supplemented with St. John's wort to achieve in vitro St. John's wort concentrations mimicking in vivo concentrations after both recommended use and overdose. Concentrations of digoxin, tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs), phenytoin, carbamazepine, theophylline, valproic acid, quinidine, phenobarbital, procainamide, and N-acetyl procainamide were measured in serum. Pooled serum specimens from patients who were taking a particular drug were also supplemented in vitro with concentrations of St. John's wort to investigate whether observed concentrations changed after supplementation with St. John's wort. The effect of St. John's wort on cyclosporine and tacrolimus (FK 506) was studied in whole blood. We found no significant interference from St. John's wort with any assay studied. Moreover, when drug-free serum was supplemented with very high concentrations of hypericin (2 μg/mL) and hyperforin (2 μg/mL) pure standard, we observed no apparent drug level with any immunoassay. The presence of both hypericin and hyperforin was also confirmed by thin layer chromatography (TLC) in both preparations of St. John's wort. We conclude that immunoassays may be used to measure levels of therapeutic drugs in patients who self-medicate with St. John's wort. © 2006 Wiley-Liss, Inc. ER  - 
Risk factors and stress variables that differentiate depressed from nondepressed pregnant women; Eight hundred ten pregnant women (N = 340 depressed and N = 470 nondepressed) were recruited at prenatal clinics at around 20 weeks gestational age. The women were diagnosed as depressed based on the Center for Epidemiological Studies Depression scale (CES-D) and the Structured Clinical Interview for Depression (SCID). They were interviewed on several demographic variables, risk factors and stress questionnaires. On average, the depressed pregnant women were younger, had lower education levels and socioeconomic status and were less often married. Fewer of the depressed women and their partners were happy when they were told they were pregnant, a greater number of the depressed women experienced a stressful situation during pregnancy, more of the depressed women were prescribed antibiotics during pregnancy, the depressed women had less optimal obstetric complications scores, and a greater percentage of them delivered prematurely. Finally, the scores of the depressed pregnant women on the stress questionnaires suggested greater depression (CES-D), anxiety (STAI), anger (STAXI), pregnancy anxieties (PAAS) and daily hassles. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Proton and 31-phosphorus neurospectroscopy in the study of membrane phospholipids and fatty acid intervention in schizophrenia, depression, chronic fatigue syndrome (myalgic encephalomyelitis) and dyslexia; Neurospectroscopy allows biochemical processes in the brain to be studied non-invasively. At magnetic field strengths of 1.5 T or higher, cerebral proton neurospectroscopy allows the ascertainment of values of myo-inositol, choline-containing compounds, creatine, glutamate, glutamine, and N-acetyl aspartate. At similar field strengths, cerebral 31-phosphorus neurospectroscopy allows the ascertainment of values of phosphomonoesters, inorganic phosphate, phosphodiesters, phosphocreatine, and the gamma, alpha and beta nucleotide triphosphate (mainly adenosine triphosphate) resonances. Since choline is a common polar head group at the Sn3 position of membrane phospholipid molecules, a raised level of free choline, as indexed by proton neurospectroscopy, can indicate relatively low anabolism of membrane phospholipid molecules. Furthermore, the choline peak includes phosphorylcholine and glycerophosphorylcholine and even ethanolamine. The phosphomonoesters peak measured using 31-phosphorus spectroscopy includes major contributions from phosphocholine, phosphoethanolamine and L-phosphoserine, which are important precursors of membrane phospholipids, while the phosphodiesters peak includes contributions from glycerophosphocholine and glycerophosphoethanolamine, which are important products of membrane phospholipid catabolism. Hence proton neurospectroscopy and 31-phosphorus neurospectroscopy can yield important information relating to the metabolism of cerebral membrane phospholipids. The application of these techniques to the investigation of membrane phospholipid metabolism in schizophrenia, depression, chronic fatigue syndrome (myalgic encephalomyelitis or M.E.) and dyslexia is described. © Institute of Psychiatry. ER  - 
High-resolution magnetic resonance imaging sinc-interpolation-based subvoxel registration and semi-automated quantitative lateral ventricular morphology employing threshold computation and binary image creation in the study of fatty acid interventions in schizophrenia, depression, chronic fatigue syndrome and Huntington's disease; Serial high-resolution structural magnetic resonance imaging scans of the brain can now be precisely aligned, with six degrees of freedom (three mutually orthogonal translational and three rotational degrees of freedom around three mutually orthogonal axes), using a rigid-body subvoxel registration technique. This is driven by the in-plane point spread function for images acquired in the Fourier domain with data obtained over a bounded region of k-space, namely the sinc interpolation function, where sine z = (sin z)/z, with z being any complex number (including zero). Computational subtraction of the three-dimensional Cartesian spatial representation matrices of serially acquired scan data allows for the determination of structural cerebral changes with great precision, since voxel signals from unchanged structures are almost completely cancelled. Thus changes readily show up against a background of noise. Furthermore, lateral ventricular changes can now be accurately quantified using a semi-automated method involving contour production, threshold computation, binary image creation and ventricular extraction. These techniques have been applied to the investigation of the effects on cerebral structure of intervention with fatty acids, particularly the long-chain polyunsaturated n-3 fatty acid eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), in disorders such as schizophrenia, treatment-resistant depression, chronic fatigue syndrome (myalgic encephalomyelitis or ME), and Huntington's disease. © Institute of Psychiatry. ER  - 
Low levels of docosahexaenoic acid identified in acute coronary syndrome patients with depression; As deficiencies in n-3 PUFAs have been linked separately to depression and to cardiovascular disease, they could act as a higher order variable contributing to the established link between depression and cardiovascular disease. We therefore examine the relationship between depression and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA), including total n-3 PUFA, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS). Plasma phospholipid levels of n-3 PUFA were measured in 100 patients hospitalized with ACS. Current major depressive episode was assessed by the Composite International Diagnostic Interview (CIDI). Depression severity was assessed by the 18-item Depression in the Medically Ill (DMI-18) measure. Patients clinically diagnosed with current depression had significantly lower mean total n-3 PUFA and DHA levels. Higher DMI-18 depression severity scores were significantly associated with lower DHA levels, with similar but non-significant trends observed for EPA and total n-3 PUFA levels. The finding that low DHA levels were associated with depression variables in ACS patients may explain links demonstrated between cardiovascular health and depression, and may have prophylactic and treatment implications. © 2005 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Diagnostic and therapeutic activity moderation. Quaternary and genetic prevention; Medical activities have more positive than negative outcomes. Because this balance, medicine has a great social recognition. But with new technology and more agressive diagnostic and therapeutic interventions, there is a decreasing gap in between benefits and harms. Risk increases because more interventions, and because placing patients in more technology environments. As a consecuence, patient safety decreases. Quantity becomes as important as quality, and the place of care is crucial for patient safety. Medical activities should be of «low intensity and high quality», performed in the low level of care possible. Then, quaternary prevention (to avoid unnecessary use and risk of medical interventions) should be a continous parallel clinical activity. I consider four examples of needed quaternary prevention, with Spanish data: 1) cardiovascular prevention (where there is an inverse use of resources, as patients who need more receive less); 2) use of new antidepresants (which has provoke an artificial epidemic of «depression"); 3) use of antibiotics (frequently, unnecessary use), and 4) genetic diagnosis (with the example of screening of haemochromatosis, and a commentary about genetics and medicalisation). ER  - 
Serotonin a la carte: Supplementation with the serotonin precursor 5-hydroxytryptophan; This paper reviews the preclinical and clinical evidence regarding the use of the dietary supplement 5-hydroxytryptophan (5-HTP) for the treatment of depression. In the absence of supplementation with exogenous 5-HTP, the amount of endogenous 5-HTP available for serotonin synthesis depends on the availability of tryptophan and on the activity of various enzymes, especially tryptophan hydroxylase, indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase, and tryptophan 2,3-dioxygenase (TDO). Factors affecting each of these are reviewed. The amount of 5-HTP reaching the central nervous system (CNS) is affected by the extent to which 5-HTP is converted to serotonin in the periphery. This conversion is controlled by the enzyme amino acid decarboxylase, which, in the periphery, can be blocked by peripheral decarboxylase inhibitors (PDIs) such as carbidopa. Preclinical and clinical evidence for the efficacy of 5-HTP for depression is reviewed, with emphasis on double-blind, placebo-controlled (DB-PC) trials. Safety issues with 5-HTP are also reviewed, with emphasis on eosinophilia myalgia syndrome (EMS) and serotonin syndrome. ER  - 
Dependence on the phospholipid polyunsaturated fatty acids of the oxidative injury of isolated cardiomyocytes; We investigated the influence of PUFA in phospholipids (PL) on the functional characteristics of cultured cardiomyocytes (CM) in basal conditions and during free radical (FR) stress provoked either by the xanthine/xanthine oxidase (X/XO) system or by a (9Z, 11E, 13 (S), 15Z)-13-hydroperoxyoctadecatrienoic acid (13-HpOTrE). CM were grown in media containing either n - 3 (eicosapentaenoic acid, EPA, and docosahexaenoic acid, DHA) or n - 6 (arachidonic acid, AA). These two groups of CM displayed different PUFA n -6/n - 3 ratio in PL. However, their basal electromechanical characteristics were similar. The X/XO system drastically altered CM functions, without difference between the two groups of CM. 13-HpOTrE caused a moderate and reversible depression in action potential parameters, which was dependent upon the PL PUFA, since the n - 3-enriched CM exhibited an earlier functional depression but faster recovery. Thus, the peroxidative damage of CM depended on a cross relationship between FR species and the PL PUFA composition. © 2006 Taylor & Francis. ER  - 
Acute respiratory failure with a single dose of quetiapine fumarate; OBJECTIVE: To report a case of acute respiratory failure after a single dose of quetiapine fumarate in an elderly patient with a history of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). CASE SUMMARY: A 92-year-old woman with a history of COPD was admitted to the hospital with pneumonia. Her symptoms improved with antibiotics. Because of acute agitation and delirium, quetiapine 50 mg twice daily was started. After receiving the first dose, the woman developed acute respiratory failure and severe central nervous system depression. She required mechanical ventilation and supportive care in the intensive care unit (ICU). She had a full recovery within 24 hours. DISCUSSION: Quetiapine is an atypical antipsychotic that has been used successfully for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder for many years. Recently, it has also been used to treat delirium and agitation. It has proven to be very safe, even in the elderly. In previously reported cases, serious adverse effects were seen in patients who ingested very high doses of quetiapine. Those patients required intubation and supportive care in the ICU. To our knowledge, as of January 19, 2006, this is the first case report of acute respiratory failure of such severity with one dose of quetiapine. Using the Naranjo probability scale, we conclude that the acute respiratory failure observed in this patient was probably related to quetiapine. CONCLUSIONS: This case suggests that quetiapine can have significant adverse effects even with a single 50 mg dose. Elderly patients, especially those with significant underlying pulmonary pathology, should be monitored closely when started on this medication. ER  - 
Electroconvulsive therapy for treatment of refractory depression in a patient with cystic fibrosis; Cystic fibrosis (CF) is an autosomal recessive inherited disease that is usually first diagnosed in early childhood. It is a chronic and progressive disease in which mucus builds up and clogs passages in many body organs, but primarily the lungs and pancreas. We present a case report of a 42-year-old man with CF who was treated with electroconvulsive therapy for treatment-refractory major depressive disorder. For patients with CF, the primary issue is anesthetic management in a patient with impaired pulmonary function. Our patient received prednisone and intravenous antibiotics to optimize pulmonary status. He responded positively to the electroconvulsive therapy and was able to tolerate it without significant problems. © 2006 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
Therapeutic response to single intravenous bolus administration of formate dehydrogenase in methanol-intoxicated rats; Methanol remains to be a major public and environmental health hazard. Formic acid is the toxic metabolite responsible for the metabolic acidosis observed in methanol poisoning in humans, in non-human primates and in folate-depleted rodents. Cytochrome oxidase inhibition by formate leads to lactic acid accumulation, which contributes significantly to metabolic acidosis. Toxic effects in human beings are characterized by formic acidemia, metabolic acidosis, ocular toxicity, nervous system depression, blindness, coma and death. Elimination of formate is one of the principles of management in methanol poisoning. Hemodialysis facility is not readily available in all the places, in developing countries like India. Formate dehydrogenase (EC 1.2.1.2) acts directly over formate and converts formate into CO2 in the presence of NAD. Effect of single intravenous bolus infusion of formate dehydrogenase, obtained from Candida boidinii; in methanol-intoxicated folate deficient rat model was evaluated. Folate depletion induced by methotrexate (MTX) treatment. Carbicarb (Carb) (equimolar solution of sodium carbonate and sodium bicarbonate) was used to treat metabolic acidosis. Experimental design consists of seven groups, namely Saline control, methanol control, MTX control, Enzyme control, MTX-methanol control, MTX-methanol-Carb and MTX-methanol-Carb-Enz group. Male wistar rats treated with MTX (0.3 mg/kg) for a week, were injected (i.p.) with methanol (4 gm/kg), 12 h latter, Carbicarb solution was infused, following this enzyme was infused (i.v.) in bolus. Blood samples were collected every 15 min for an hour from the cannulated left jugular vein and blood methanol, formate were estimated, respectively, with HPLC and fluorimetric assay. Blood pH, blood gases pO2, pCO2 and bicarbonate were monitored with blood gas analyzer in order to evaluate acid base status of the animal. Results obtained show that there is significant elimination of formate within 15 min. It may be concluded that single bolus infusion of formate dehydrogenase facilitates fast removal of formate, a highly toxic metabolite in methanol poisoning. © 2005 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Side effect of pegylated-interferon treatment in chronic C hepatitis: Agranulocytosis; Chronic C hepatitis is a global health problem. The treatment of it is still unresolved. The pegylated interferon means substantive breakthrough in the treatment. The longer effect, the lasting, steady therapeutic blood level are the pharmacokinetic advances of them. There is no significant different in the spectrum of the side effects of pegylated interferon and standard interferon. The most frequent side effects leading to dose reduction or cessation of the treatment are the depression and the hematological disorders. Neutropenia is induced frequently by pegylated interferon, than the standard form according to the literary data. Combined antiviral treatment (pegylated interferon alpha-2a and ribavirin) of a 54 years old woman, suffered from posttransfusion chronic C hepatitis was started. The dose of the pegylated interferon alpha-2a and ribavirin was reduced at the 8. week due to leucopenia and mild anemia. Fever, cough, sore throat and weakness occurred. Agranulocytosis was detected which was accounted side effect of pegylated interferon treatment. Antibiotic, antimycotic therapy and filgastrim was given. Leukocyte number increased, fever stopped after 10 days therapy. Patient returned 17 days later. She has been high fever, weakness, sore throat for 4 days. Ciprofloxacin was given by GP before her registration because of the suspicion of urine infection, then she took sulfamethoxazol + trimethoprim without medical advise. Agranulocytosis was detected again, Staphylococcus sepsis developed. No sign of hematological disease was shown by the examination of bone marrow. Agranulocytosis was considered aftermath of sulfamethoxazol + trimethoprim. Antibiotics, antimycotic and antiviral treatment, and filgastrim were given, sepsis healed, leukocyte number became normal. 274 patients suffered from chronic C hepatitis were treated by standard interferon, and 43 were treated by pegylated interferon. The rapid, significant decrease of the leukocyte number of the patients treated by pegylated interferon was observed in the first 4 weeks of the treatment then it remained stable. Cessation of the treatment or dose-reduction was no necessary due to neutropenia among patients treated by standard interferon, while dose reduction was reasonable in further two cases besides this, treated by pegylated interferon. Authors stress the importance of the exact follow-up of the patients according to the protocol, which renders the early recognition of the side effects, the prevention of the development of the complications, and the early, adequate treatment of them possible. The importance of them, that the pegylated interferon - despite of its sharp side effect spectrum and more distinct suppressive effect on bone marrow - is the most efficacious drug for the treatment of chronic C hepatitis. ER  - 
Role of tumor necrosis factor-α in myocardial dysfunction and apoptosis during hindlimb ischemia and reperfusion; Objective: Peripheral vascular surgery involving limb ischemia/reperfusion is associated with tumor necrosis factor-α production and an increased risk of cardiac complications. The objective of this study was to investigate the role of tumor necrosis factor-α in myocardial apoptosis and dysfunction following hindlimb ischemia/ reperfusion. Design: Randomized perspective animal study. Setting: Research laboratory. Subjects: Adults male tumor necrosis factor-α-/- and littermate wild-type mice. Interventions: Bilateral hindlimb ischemia/reperfusion was induced in wild-type and tumor necrosis factor-α-/- mice using tourniquet occlusion. After 2 hrs of hindlimb ischemia, the tourniquets were released, allowing reperfusion for 0.5-24 hrs. Measurements and Main Results: In wild-type mice, hindlimb ischemia/reperfusion resulted in myocardial depression early during the reperfusion period (p < .05). These effects were temporally correlated with enhanced levels of myocardial and plasma tumor necrosis factor-α. All variables were restored to baseline levels by 24 hrs of reperfusion. Myocardial apoptosis, assessed by cell death enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay, terminal deoxynucleotidyl transferase-mediated biotin-dUTP nick-end labeling staining, and caspase-3 activity, was also significantly higher at 6 hrs of reperfusion (p < .05) but returned to baseline levels by 24 hrs. Interestingly, cardiac dysfunction and myocardial apoptosis were abolished in tumor necrosis factor-α-/- mice subjected to the same degree of hindlimb ischemia/ reperfusion as the wild-type mice. Treatment of etanercept restored cardiac function in wild-type mice. Conclusions: Tumor necrosis factor-α contributes significantly to myocardial dysfunction and apoptosis in hindlimb ischemia/ reperfusion. Although a causal link between myocardial apoptosis and cardiac dysfunction is not established, our study does suggest that tumor necrosis factor-α may be a potential therapeutic target for cardiac injury in clinical situations involving prolonged remote ischemia/reperfusion. Copyright © 2006 by the Society of Critical Care Medicine and Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Antinociceptive and behavioral effects of ribavirin in mice; The antinociceptive effect of ribavirin, an antiviral drug, was studied after systemic injection using several pain tests in mice. In the hot-plate test of thermal pain, capsaicin-induced chemogenic pain, formalin test and abdominal stretching assay induced by the i.p. injection of 0.6% acetic acid, ribavirin produced a dose-related reduction in nociceptive responses. The visceral antinociceptive effect of ribavirin was unaffected by co-treatment with yohimbine, atropine or theophylline, but partially reversed by naloxone. Antinociception by ribavirin was augmented by treatment with prazosin, doxazosin, propranolol, guanethidine, glibenclamide, baclofen, indomethacin or cysteamine. Further, the ribavirin induced antinociception was enhanced by D2 receptor antagonists haloperidol, sulpiride, clozapine or domperidone and by the dopamine D2 receptor agonist bromocryptine. Ribavirin did not exhibit depression-like effect, nor it influenced the effect of amitriptyline in the forced swimming test. It did not impair cognitive performance in the Morris water Maze test. The present data demonstrate that ribavirin administered via systemic route possesses visceral and thermal anti-nociceptive properties. The ribavirin analgesic effect was partially reversed by naloxone, an opioid antagonist. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Etanercept and clinical outcomes, fatigue, and depression in psoriasis: Double-blind placebo-controlled randomised phase III trial; Background: Psoriasis has substantial psychological and emotional effects. We assessed the effect of etanercept, an effective treatment for the clinical symptoms of psoriasis, on fatigue and symptoms of depression associated with the condition. Methods: 618 patients with moderate to severe psoriasis received double-blind treatment with placebo or 50 mg twice-weekly etanercept. The primary efficacy endpoint was a 75% or greater improvement from baseline in psoriasis area and severity index score (PASI 75) at week 12. Secondary and other endpoints included the functional assessment of chronic illness therapy fatigue (FACIT-F) scale, the Hamilton rating scale for depression (Ham-D), the Beck depression inventory (BDI), and adverse events. Efficacy analyses were based on the allocated treatment. Analyses and summaries of safety data were based on the actual treatment received. This study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov with the identifier NCT00111449. Findings: 47% (147 of 311) of patients achieved PASI 75 at week 12, compared with 5% (15 of 306) of those receiving placebo (p<0·0001; difference 42%, 95% CI 36-48). Greater proportions of patients receiving etanercept had at least a 50% improvement in Ham-D or BDI at week 12 compared with the placebo group; patients treated with etanercept also had significant and clinically meaningful improvements in fatigue (mean FACIT-F improvement 5·0 vs 1·9; p<0·0001, difference 3·0, 95% CI 1·6-4·5). Improvements in fatigue were correlated with decreasing joint pain, whereas improvements in symptoms of depression were less correlated with objective measures of skin clearance or joint pain. Interpretation: Etanercept treatment might relieve fatigue and symptoms of depression associated with this chronic disease. ER  - 
Ethanol-induced conditioned place preference, but not aversion, is blocked by treatment with D-penicillamine, an inactivation agent for acetaldehyde; Rationale: There is evidence to suggest that acetaldehyde is involved in the control of ethanol-seeking behavior and reward. D-penicillamine, a thiol amino acid, is a highly selective agent for the inactivation of acetaldehyde. Previous studies from our laboratory have demonstrated that D-penicillamine prevents both behavioral stimulation induced by ethanol and acetaldehyde- produced locomotor depression in mice. Objectives: The contribution of ethanol-derived acetaldehyde to the affective effects of ethanol (preference and aversion) was assessed using an unbiased place conditioning design. Methods: Male mice received four pairings of a distinctive floor stimulus (CS+: GRID+ or HOLE+) with injections of saline and ethanol (2 g/kg) given before (preference) or after (aversion) the 5-min exposure to the place conditioning apparatus. A different floor stimulus (CS-: GRID- or HOLE-), associated with saline-saline injections on alternate days, was presented. For a different group of animals, the pairings with the CS+ were associated with saline and ethanol injections, but on alternate days, they received D-penicillamine (50 or 75 mg/kg) and ethanol injections paired with the CS- floor stimulus. A 60-min preference test was carried out 24 h after the last conditioning trial. A similar procedure was followed to test the effect of D-penicillamine on morphine (16 mg/kg) and cocaine-induced (20 mg/kg) conditioned place preference (CPP). Results: CPP and conditioned place aversion (CPA) were observed for ethanol, but D-penicillamine only blocked CPP. D-penicillamine, by itself, did not produce either rewarding or aversive effects. CPP observed for morphine and cocaine was unaffected by D-penicillamine pretreatment. Conclusions: The results of the present study suggest that the selective inactivation of acetaldehyde blocked the rewarding, but not aversive, effects of ethanol and support the role of this ethanol metabolite in the affective properties of ethanol. © Springer-Verlag 2005. ER  - 
Prolonged oxidative stress inverts the cardiac force-frequency relation: Role of altered calcium handling and myofilament calcium responsiveness; The normally positive force- and Ca2+-frequency responses (FFR and CaFR) are inverted in heart failure (HF); whether oxidative stress contributes to these abnormalities is unknown. We evaluated the impact of acute and prolonged oxidative stress on contraction and Ca2+ handling in adult rat cardiomyocytes. Acute (30:min) exposure to H2O2 (100 μM) induced a twofold increase (P < 0.025) in intracellular oxyradicals together with contractile depression despite preservation of the Ca2+ transient and the FFR and CaFR to 3:Hz, indicating reduced myofilament Ca2+ responsiveness. In contrast, prolonged (24:h) exposure to the copper-zinc superoxide dismutase inhibitor diethyldithiocarbamic acid (DDC, 1 μM) similarly augmented oxyradicals but also increased cell size, and contraction and Ca2+ transient duration (P < 0.025). DDC-treated myocytes displayed inverted FFRs and attenuated (though still positive) CaFRs as compared to control, indicating reduced myofilament Ca 2+ responsiveness coupled with altered Ca2+ handling. Protein levels of the Na+-Ca2+ exchanger (NCX), sarcoplasmic reticular (SR) Ca2+ ATPase (SERCA2), and serine-16 phosphorylated phospholamban (pSer16-PLB) were increased (P < 0.025), whereas dihydropyridine receptor abundance was decreased. Total PLB and ryanodine receptor protein expression were unchanged. Caffeine-induced Ca2+ release showed increased NCX activity (P < 0.025) without changes in total releasable SR Ca2+, suggesting compensatory changes in SERCA2 and pSer16-PLB to maintain SR Ca2+ load. The superoxide scavenger Tiron attenuated these effects. Thus, acute oxyradical exposure rapidly depresses myofibrillar Ca2+ responsiveness. Prolonged oxidative stress further induces alterations in Ca2+ handling that combined with extant reductions in myofibrillar responsiveness invert the FFR. With regard to Ca 2+ handling, reduced transsarcolemmal Ca2+ flux rather than reduced SR Ca2+ uptake was the primary determinant of a negative FFR. Analogous changes may be operative in HF, a state characterized by both oxidative stress and Ca2+ dysregulation. © 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Free arachidonic versus eicosapentaenoic acid differentially influences the potency of bacterial exotoxins to provoke myocardial depression in isolated rat hearts; Objective: Staphylococcal α-toxin and Escherichia coli hemolysin (ECH) evoke cardiac dysfunction in isolated rat hearts by provoking myocardial synthesis of arachidonic acid-derived thromboxane A2 or the cysteinyl-leukotrienes, LTC4, LTD4, and LTE4, respectively. We investigated whether low doses of either toxin, which fail to induce cardiac depression by themselves, induce cardiac dysfunction when combined with free arachidonic acid. Design: Prospective, experimental study. Setting: Research laboratory at a university hospital. Subjects: Isolated hearts from male Wistar rats. Interventions: Hearts were perfused with low doses of ECH or α-toxin in the absence or presence of arachidonic acid or the alternative eicosanoid precursor eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA). Measurements and Main Results: Application of low-dose ECH with arachidonic acid increased coronary perfusion pressure, depressed left ventricular contractile function, provoked electrical instability, and induced a release of creatine kinase concomitant with the liberation of LTC4, LTD4, and LTE4 into the perfusate. All events were abolished when formation of cysteinyl-leukotrienes was blocked by the 5-lipoxygenase activity inhibitor MK-886, targeting 5-lipoxygenase activating protein. In the presence of arachidonic acid, low doses of α-toxin caused an increase in cerebral perfusion pressure and a decline of contractile performance, attributable to the release of thromboxane A2, as both events were mitigated by the cyclooxygenase-inhibitor indomethacin. High doses of ECH caused cardiac dysfunction even in the absence of arachidonic acid. However, in the presence of EPA, the cardiodepressant effect of ECH was blunted. Release of EPA-derived LTE5 at the expense of arachidonic acid-derived LTC4, LTD4, and LTE4 was noted in these hearts. Conclusions: The potency of the bacterial exotoxins ECH and α-toxin to cause coronary vasoconstriction and myocardial depression is dependent on the availability of free arachidonic acid and may be influenced by supplying ω-3 fatty acids as alternative lipid precursors. Copyright © 2005 by the Society of Critical Care Medicine and Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
ω-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and depression: A review of the evidence and a methodological critique; Several lines of evidence indicate an association between ω-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and depression. The purpose of this review was to evaluate the evidence to date within the context of the study design and methodology used. In case-control and cohort studies, concentrations of ω-3 PUFAs were lower in participants with unipolar and postpartum depression. Fish are the major dietary source of ω-3 PUFAs, and infrequent fish consumption is associated with depression in epidemiological studies. While these findings do not appear to be the result of confounding, in some studies failure to detect confounding may be due to a lack of power or incomplete control. In four of seven double-blind randomized controlled trials, depression was significantly improved upon treatment with at least 1 g/day of eicosapentaenoic acid, an ω-3 PUFA. While clinical significance was demonstrated, preservation of blinding may be a limitation in this area of research. It remains unclear whether ω-3 supplementation is effective independently of antidepressant treatment, for depressed patients in general or only those with abnormally low concentrations of these PUFAs. The relationship between ω-3 PUFAs and depression is biologically plausible and is consistent across study designs, study groups, and diverse populations, which increases the likelihood of a causal relationship. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Celecoxib reduces narcotic use and pain following augmentation mammaplasty; Background: Narcotics have traditionally been used to control pain after augmentation mammaplasty, but they have adverse side effects, including addiction potential, clouded sensorium, nausea, and respiratory depression. Alternative strategies for managing postoperative pain are expensive, cumbersome, and also have their own risks. While long-term use of celecoxib has been associated with an increased risk of serious adverse cardiovascular effects, no problems have been reported with short-term use. Objective: The purpose of this study was to determine whether the addition of celecoxib, a selective nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory, to an analgesic regimen reduced narcotic use and pain following augmentation mammaplasty. Methods: One hundred patients underwent submuscular augmentation mammaplasty with smooth saline-filled mammary prostheses using an intravenous sedation technique. Group A (N = 50) used hydrocodone to manage postoperative pain. Group B (N = 50) used celecoxib 400 mg 1 to 2 hours before surgery and then daily in addition to hydrocodone postoperatively. Narcotic use, incidence of nausea, and complications were recorded. Pain was assessed daily with a Likert pain scale from 0 (no pain) to 10 (severe pain). Results: Group A used 110 ± 34 mg hydrocodone during the immediate 7-day postoperative period and reported an average pain scale score of 5.1. Group B, which used celecoxib, used 34 ± 22 mg hydrocodone during the same period with an average pain scale score of 3.3. These differences were statistically significant (P < .05). Group B experienced 53% less nausea than Group A. There were no significant differences between the groups regarding age, implant size, or complications. Conclusions: Perioperative celecoxib administration in patients undergoing augmentation mammaplasty significantly reduced postoperative narcotic use, pain, and nausea. Its use should facilitate the patient's ability to resume everyday activities following surgery. Copyright © 2006 by The American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery, Inc. ER  - 
An open trial of Omega-3 fatty acids for depression in pregnancy; Objective: In this flexible-dose, open-label trial, we examined the efficacy of omega-3 fatty acids for the treatment of depression during pregnancy. Methods: Fifteen pregnant women with major depressive episodes participated. Subjects initially received two capsules per day [0.93 g of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)]; the dose could be increased by one capsule per day every 2 weeks to a maximal dose of 2.8 g. Subjects were assessed with the Edinburgh Postnatal Depression Scale (EPDS) and Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRSD). Results: Average duration of participation in this treatment trial was 8.3 weeks (SD ± 7.1). Average final dose of EPA + DHA in this flexible dose trial was 1.9 g per day (±0.5). The mean reduction in EPDS scores was 40.9% (SD ± 21.9); the mean decrease in HRSD score was 34.1% (SD ± 27.1). Conclusions: This open trial provides data to support the need for randomized controlled dose-finding trials of omega-3 fatty acids in major depressive episodes during pregnancy. © Blackwell Munksgaard 2006. ER  - 
Omega-3 fatty acids and neuropsychiatric disorders; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids play a major role in the correct functioning of the neuronal membrane. Numerous studies suggest that the consumption of omega-3 fatty acid supplements (especially eicosapentaenoic acid [EPA] and docosahexaenoic acid [DHA]) could produce a clinical improvement in some neuropsychiatric disorders. This article presents an updated review of the evidence available on the use of these compounds in the treatment of schizophrenia, depression, bipolar disorder, and other neuropsychiatric abnormalities. ER  - 
Surgical treatment of hidradenitis suppurativa: Case series and review of the literature; The chronic and relapsing nature of hidradenitis suppurativa leads to physical and psychological damage. The absence of a proven cure further worsens the scenario. Patient 1 was a 28-year-old woman with a 10-year history of abscesses and non healing sinuses with foul-smelling discharge from her axilla, submammary and groin areas. This led to an episode of self-harm due to severe depression. After failed medical therapy, she was referred for surgery with wide excision of the skin and healing by secondary intention. Her wounds were managed by our specialist wound clinic with the use of topical and systemic antibiotics and thus remained free from symptoms. Patient 2 was a 32-year-old woman with a similar history for 15 years. Patient 3 was a 41-year-old man with a 20-year history of discharging sinuses and abscesses. All the patients had endured a long period of medical treatment and subsequently required surgery for a long-term relief of symptoms. This has undoubtedly led to psychological symptoms and a decrease in quality of life. © 2006 The Authors. ER  - 
The European Multiple System Atrophy-Study Group (EMSA-SG); Introduction. The European Multiple System Atrophy-Study Group (EMSA-SG) is an academic network comprising 23 centers across Europe and Israel that has constituted itself already in January 1999. This international forum of established experts under the guidance of the University Hospital of Innsbruck as coordinating center is supported by the 5th framework program of the European Union since March 2001 (QLK6-CT-2000-00661). Objectives. Primary goals of the network include (1) a central Registry for European multiple system atrophy (MSA) patients, (2) a decentralized DNA Bank, (3) the development and validation of the novel Unified MSA Rating Scale (UMSARS), (4) the conduction of a Natural History Study (NHS), and (5) the planning or implementation of interventional therapeutic trials. Methods. The EMSA-SG Registry is a computerized data bank localized at the coordinating centre in Innsbruck collecting diagnostic and therapeutic data of MSA patients. Blood samples of patients and controls are recruited into the DNA Bank. The UMSARS is a novel specific rating instrument that has been developed and validated by the EMSA-SG. The NHS comprises assessments of basic anthropometric data as well as a range of scales including the UMSARS, Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale (UPDRS), measures of global disability, Red Flag list, MMSE (Mini Mental State Examination), quality of live measures, i.e. EuroQoL 5D (EQ-5D) and Medical Outcome Study Short Form (SF-36) as well as the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI). In a subgroup of patients dysautonomic features are recorded in detail using the Queen Square Cardiovascular Autonomic Function Test Battery, the Composite Autonomic Symptom Scale (COMPASS) and measurements of residual urinary volume. Most of these measures are repeated at 6-monthly follow up visits for a total study period of 24 months. Surrogate markers of the disease progression are identified by the EMSA-SG using magnetic resonance and diffusion weighted imaging (MRI and DWI, respectively). Results. 412 patients have been recruited into the Registry so far. Probable MSA-P was the most common diagnosis (49% of cases). 507 patients donated DNA for research. 131 patients have been recruited into the NHS. There was a rapid deterioration of the motor disorder (in particular akinesia) by 26.1% of the UMSARS II, and - to a lesser degree - of activities of daily living by 16.8% of the UMSARS I in relation to the respective baseline scores. Motor progression was associated with low motor or global disability as well as low akinesia or cerebellar subscores at baseline. Mental function did not deteriorate during this short follow up period. Conclusion. For the first time, prospective data concerning disease progression are available. Such data about the natural history and prognosis of MSA as well as surrogate markers of disease process allow planning and implementation of multi-centre phase II/III neuroprotective intervention trials within the next years more effectively. Indeed, a trial on growth hormone in MSA has just been completed, and another on minocycline will be completed by the end of this year. © Springer-Verlag 2005. ER  - 
Therapy of alopecia; Many people view their hair as an important part of their identity, so hair loss can represent a source of anxiety, depression and loss of self-esteem. This problem is of great interest for both pharmaceutical and cosmetic industry. Baldness is not usually caused by a disease, but is related to aging, heredity and the level of testosterone. Androgenetic alopecia accounts for 95% of all hair loss. The minor reasons for hair loss are colour and styling hair treatment, an immune disorder, some medications, emotional or physical stress, burns or radiation and certain skin diseases. A variety of substances can be used in alopecia therapy. The most important drugs are minoxidil and finasteride. Minoxidil is an antihypertensive agent which acts predominantly by causing direct peripheral vasodilatation. Finasteride is a specific inhibitor of 5(α)-reductase, an intracellular enzyme that converts testosterone into active hormone dihydrotestosterone. It helps to prevent the continued miniaturisation of existing hair follicles and also assist in the recruitment of miniaturised hair follicles to become terminal hairs. The other substances are Saw palmetto, emu oil, vitamin B6, Polysorbate 80, retinoic and azelaic acid. Saw palmetto (Serenoa repens L.) is an effective antiandrogen which acts in a similar way that finasteride does. Emu oil is an excellent emollient, with skin cell proliferation properties claimed for it. Vitamin B6 appears to have an important role in the treatment of androgen related disorders such as acne and androgenetic alopecia. Polysorbate causes the histamine release which is thought to be the main mechanism by which it promotes hair growth. Retinoic acid (tretinoin) alone or in combination with minoxidil can result in moderate to good hair growth. Azelaic acid is a competitive inhibitor of 5(α)-reductase and is commonly used in the treatment of acne and other skin conditions. Some drugs like cyproterone (progestogen with antiandrogenic properties), spironolactone (potassium sparing diuretic), cimetidine (untiulcer drug) and ketoconazole (antifungal agent) have also antiandrogen activity. In some cases zinc, unsaturated fatty acids, immunosuppressive drugs, irritants and PUVA treatment proved to be useful as well. ER  - 
The evaluation of early and late results of using Codubix cranial prosthesis; The filling of the cranial defect is an essential problem in neurosurgery on account of the necessity of brain protection as well as for cosmetic reasons. The aim of this study was to evaluate the direct and distant outcome after polypropylene-polyester Codubix prosthesis implantation. This research was based on the analysis of 41 patients treated surgically in the Department of Neurosurgery at the Jagiellonian University in Cracow between 1995-2004. All patients had the Codubix prosthesis implanted. The implantation was performed either synchronously or after the surgery which caused the cranial defect. Directly after the surgery proper healing of the prosthesis could be observed in all patients. The exception was one patient who died directly after the surgery but the cause of his death was not connected with the prosthesis implantation. Seven patients (17,1%) had the temperature temporarily elevated. Three had haematoma collection in the subgaleal space, one (2,4%) developed meningitis which was successfully treated with antibiotics, one (2,4%) suffered from temporary circulation disturbances of the scalp. The late evaluation was performed with help of a questionnaire to which 30 patients (73,2%) responded. The answer ranged 73,2% (30 patients). In this group 16 patients (53,4%) described the cosmetic effect as very good, 10 patients (33%) as good and 4 (13,3%) as unsatisfactory. The commonest reason for the critical note was the depression of the plate which happened to 3 patients. The other 3 patients complained about inappropriate profile of the plate causing the asymmetry of the cranial vault. Seven patients felt temporary pain in the postoperative scar, in one case the pain was took as the friction between the prosthesis and bone margin. Properly performed implantation of accurate bone prosthesis Codubix is safe and usually brings a good cosmetic effect. Direct complications are transitional and occur in the small percent of cases. Distant examinations show generally good therapeutic results but implanted Codubix requires suitable shape and careful fixation. ER  - 
Action plans for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.; BACKGROUND: The effectiveness of action plans as treatment for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is not known. OBJECTIVES: To assess the efficacy of action plans in the management of COPD. SEARCH STRATEGY: We searched the Cochrane Airways Group Specialised Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, CINAHL and the National Research Register of Ongoing Trials. We also searched reference lists of identified studies. The search was completed in August 2004. SELECTION CRITERIA: Randomised controlled trials of action plans in COPD. Studies with a primary diagnosis of asthma excluded. DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Two reviewers independently assessed trial quality and extracted data. Investigators were contacted for additional information when necessary. Study results were combined in meta-analyses using the Cochrane Collaboration software RevMan. MAIN RESULTS: There was evidence of a positive effect of action plans on self-management knowledge. The mean difference (MD) for recognition of a severe exacerbation was 2.50; 95% confidence interval 1.04 to 3.96, for self-action in severe exacerbations MD 1.50; 95% confidence interval 0.62 to 2.38 and the use of antibiotics MD 6.00; 95% confidence interval 2.68 to 9.32. There was also evidence of a positive effect on the initiation of antibiotics (odds ratio (OR) 10.16; 95% confidence interval 2.02 to 51.09) and/or oral steroids (OR 6.58; 95% confidence interval 1.29 to 33.62). However, there was no evidence of significant effects on healthcare utilisation, health-related quality of life, lung function, functional capacity, symptom scores, mortality, anxiety, or depression. No trials used as outcomes: number of exacerbations, length of exacerbations, or days lost from work. AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: This review shows there is evidence that action plans aid people with COPD in recognising and reacting appropriately to an exacerbation of their symptoms via the self-initiation of antibiotics or steroids. Further research needs to be completed with more comprehensive outcomes measures in order to ascertain whether this results in significantly decreased morbidity and/or mortality. ER  - 
Pustular calicivirus dermatitis on the abdomen of two cats following routine ovariectomy; An unusual form of calicivirus dermatitis is described in two cats. Two fully vaccinated cats were readmitted for anorexia and depression following routine ovariectomy. Signs of upper respiratory disease were not present. One cat subsequently showed painful necrosis of the incision wound, the other one developed dyspnoea with pleural effusion and discrete tongue ulcers. Intact pustular lesions confined to the surgically prepared abdomen appeared in both cats, respectively, on days 11 and 9. The histopathological diagnosis was panepidermal pustulosis and necrotizing dermatitis. Positive immunohistochemical staining consistent with feline calicivirus antigen was detected in epithelial cells within pustular lesions. The cats were treated with antibiotics and ketoprofen. The cat with progressive dyspnoea was euthanized. The clinical signs in the other cat rapidly and completely resolved following glucocorticoid therapy. It is hypothesized that the reported cases may represent a distinct calicivirus-induced pustular dermatitis following ovariectomy. © 2005 European Society of Veterinary Dermatology. ER  - 
Endogenous neuroprotectants in ammonia toxicity in the central nervous system: Facts and hypotheses; The paper overviews experimental evidence suggestive of the engagement of three endogenous metabolites: taurine, kynurenic acid, and glutathione (GSH) in the protection of central nervous system (CNS) cells against ammonia toxicity. Intrastriatal administration of taurine via microdialysis probe attenuates ammonia-induced accumulation of extracellular cyclic guanosine monophosphate (cGMP) resulting from overactivation of the N-methyl-D-aspartate/nitric oxide (NMDA/NO) pathway, and this effect involves agonistic effect of taurine on the GABA-A and glycine receptors. Taurine also counteracts generation of free radicals, increased release of dopamine, and its metabolism to dihydroxyphenylacetic acid (DOPAC). Taurine reduces ammonia-induced increase of cell volume (edema) in cerebrocortical slices by a mechanism involving GABA-A receptors. Massive release of radiolabeled or endogenous taurine from CNS tissues by ammonia in vivo and in vitro is thought to promote its neuroprotective action, by making the amino acid available for interaction with cell membranes and/or by driving excess water out of the CNS cells (astrocytes) that underwent ammonia-induced swelling. Ammonia in vivo and in vitro affects in variable ways the synthesis of kynurenic acid (KYNA). Since KYNA is an endogenous NMDA receptor antagonist with a high affinity towards its glycine site, changes in its content may counter overactivation or depression of glutaminergic transmission observed at the different stages of hyperammonemia. GSH is a major antioxidant in the CNS whose synthesis is partly compartmented between neurons and astrocytes: astrocytic GSH is a source of precursors for the synthesis of neuronal GSH. Ammonia in vitro stimulates GSH synthesis in cultured astrocytes, which may compensate for increased GSH consumption (decreased GSH/GSSG ratio) in neurons. © 2005 Springer Science+Business Media, Inc. ER  - 
Depression: A role for omega-3 fish oils and B vitamins?; Omega-3 fatty acids, folate and vitamin B12 are essential nutrients that show promise in mitigating the rising tide of depression. Sixteen percent of the adult US population experience major depression but only one in five is adequately treated. Depression is the leading cause of death and disability in people aged 18-44 years in the US, and affects the lives of the elderly more than physical illness. While patients can be easily screened for depression, currently more than one-third of patients treated with antidepressants do not improve. Converging lines of evidence for a role for omega-3 fatty acids in treating or preventing depression are epidemiological and biochemical, perhaps due to their significant anti-inflammatory role in the arachidonic acid cytokine cascades. High-quality fish oil supplements do not pose the same risk of heavy metal exposure as eating mercury-concentrating fish such as tuna, shark, swordfish, tilefish and king mackerel. The growing awareness of morbidity and mortality associated with properly prescribed pharmaceuticals, the importance of genomic polymorphisms, a renewed appreciation for nutrition in healthy functioning and the burgeoning supplement industry suggest the time is ripe for large clinical trials to build on preliminary studies into the effect of omega-3 fatty acids on depression. Four recent small clinical trials showed improved depression scores when omega-3 fatty acids were added to conventional pharmaceutical treatment. Folate and vitamin B 12 are crucial for methylation in the biosynthetic pathways of brain myelin and biogenic amines. Borderline or low red blood cell folate is present in one-third of depressed patients, and three well designed trials showed that depressed patients had better responses to conventional antidepressants when they were supplemented with folate. Patients with the single nucleotide polymorphism methylene tetahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR) C677T are at greater risk for depression and are likely to benefit from supplemental folate. The potential unmasking of pernicious anaemia, in the setting of vitamin B 12 deficiency or insufficiency, can be mitigated by supplementing with oral vitamin B12. There has been a meteoric rise in the use of nutritional supplements in the US, including omega-3 fatty acids and B vitamins; however, level 1a evidence (systemic reviews free of worrisome heterogeneities) is lacking. The time is ripe for large, definitive randomised controlled trials of these promising interventions both as mono- and add-on therapy. © 2005 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Depression of extra-cellular GABA and increase of NMDA-induced nitric oxide following acute intra-nuclear administration of alcohol in the cerebellar nuclei of the rat; Gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) and nitric oxide are two key-transmitters in cerebellar nuclei, the major output of cerebellar circuitry. The aims of this study were to investigate the effects of acute intra-cerebellar administration of ethanol (20 mM) on extra-cellular levels of GABA and on the NMDA-induced nitric oxide (NO) production using microdialysis in the rat. We also studied: (i) the effects of a pre-administration of DNQX, a specific antagonist of AMPA receptors, on NO production, (ii) the effects of a pre-administration of 7-NI (7-nitroindazole, an inhibitor of neuronal nitric oxide synthase NOS) and APV (D-2-amino-5-phosphonovaleric acid, a specific blocker of the NMDA type glutamate receptors) on the actions of alcohol/NMDA on glutamate receptors, and (iii) the in vivo interaction between DNQX, ethanol and NMDA receptor activation. We found that ethanol decreased the amount of extra-cellular GABA, and that this effect was counterbalanced by administration of tiagabine 1 mg/kg, a potent inhibitor of GAT-1 GABA transporter, given by the i.p. route. In loco administration of NMDA increased the levels of NO, as previously reported. A pre-administration of DNQX (500 microM) increased significantly the production of NO up to toxic levels, as well as ethanol administration. A pre-administration of 7-NI or APV reduced significantly the amounts of NO when NMDA and alcohol were infused simultaneously. The combination of ethanol with DNQX was associated with a marked enhancement of the concentrations of NO. The activity of GAT-1 in cerebellar nuclei and around this target, including in glial cells expressing GAT-1 activated by ambient GABA, seems to be spared by ethanol. Tiagabine could be considered as a candidate for future investigational treatments of acute ethanol-induced dysfunction of cerebellar nuclei. We found a potentiation of the production of NO when AMPA antagonists are given simultaneously to ethanol. The hypothesis of AMPA neurotoxicity, which has convincing arguments during chronic exposure, is challenged in this model of acute cerebellar nuclear toxicity of alcohol. © 2005 Taylor & Francis. ER  - 
Predictive factors and outcomes in endoscopic sinus surgery for chronic rhinosinusitis; PURPOSE: To assess objective and quality of life (QOL) outcomes before and after endoscopic sinus surgery (ESS) in patients with chronic rhinosinusitis (CRS) and to determine preoperative factors that predict surgical outcome in these patients. METHODS: One hundred nineteen adult patients with CRS and a mean follow-up of 1.4 ± 0.35 years were evaluated prospectively including the following patient factors: prior sinus surgery, polyps, asthma, acetylsalicylic acid intolerance (ASA), smoking, allergy, depression, and sex. Computed tomography (CT), endoscopy, and QOL assessment was performed. Predictive value of patient factors was determined based on change in endoscopy and QOL scores after ESS. RESULTS: Objective outcomes: preoperative CT scores were significantly worse in patients with polyps, asthma, and ASA, whereas CT score was unaffected by prior sinus surgery, smoking, allergy, depression, and sex. Patients with CRS demonstrated significant improvement on nasal endoscopy after ESS, but preoperative, postoperative, and change in scores were affected by certain patient factors. Endoscopy scores were significantly worse in patients with prior sinus surgery, polyps, asthma, and ASA, but these patients also experienced the greatest improvement in endoscopy scores. Smokers and patients with depression had the least change in endoscopy scores. QOL outcomes: patients with CRS experienced improvement in QOL after ESS. Pre- and postoperative QOL was positively affected by polyps and adversely affected by ASA, depression, and female sex, but these groups still experienced significant improvement in QOL scores. Pre- and postoperative QOL was unaffected by prior sinus surgery, asthma, smoking, and allergies, and all of these groups experienced significant improvement in QOL scores. Factors predictive of outcome: ASA and depression were predictive of worse outcome. Preoperative CT scores approached significance as being predictive of outcome. CONCLUSION: Surgical management of CRS was associated with significant improvement on objective and QOL measures; however, specific patient factors, in particular ASA and depression, predict poorer outcome. Preoperative CT may be a predictor of endoscopic and QOL outcome and deserves further study. © 2005 The American Laryngological, Rhinological and Otological Society, Inc. ER  - 
A role for protein phosphatases 1, 2A, and 2B in cerebellar long-term potentiation; Cerebellar parallel fiber (PF)-Purkinje cell (PC) synapses can undergo postsynaptically expressed long-term depression (LTD) or long-term potentiation (LTP). PF-LTD induction requires the coactivity of the PF and CF (climbing fiber) inputs to PCs and a concomitant calcium transient and activation of protein kinase C (PKC). PF-LTP can be induced by PF activity alone and requires a lower calcium transient for its induction than PF-LTD. The cellular events triggering PF-LTP induction are not well characterized. At other types of synapses (e.g., in the hippocampus), bidirectional synaptic plasticity is under control of a kinase/phosphatase switch, with PKC and CaMKII (calcium/calmodulin- dependent kinase II) activity promoting LTP induction and phosphatase activity promoting LTD induction. Here, we have tested for the involvement of protein phosphatase 1 (PP1), PP2A, and PP2B (calcineurin) in cerebellar LTP induction using whole-cell patch-clamp recordings in rat cerebellar slices. LTP induction was blocked in the presence of the PP1/2A inhibitors okadaic acid and microcystin LR, the PP1 inhibitory peptide inhibitor-2, the PP2A inhibitor fostriecin, and the PP2B inhibitor cyclosporin A. LTP induction was not impaired by the PKC inhibitor chelerythrine. Conversely, LTD induction was not blocked by microcystin LR but instead was reduced when active PP2B was injected into PCs. These data indicate that a kinase/phosphatase switch controls bidirectional cerebellar plasticity, but in a manner "inverse" to the dependencies found at other types of synapses. Therefore, cerebellar LTP constitutes the only form of LTP described so far that depends on phosphatase rather than kinase activity. Copyright © 2005 Society for Neuroscience. ER  - 
Increase in plasma homocysteine levels induced by drug treatments in neurologic patients; Homocysteine (Hcy) is a thyol amino acid resulting from de-methylation of methionine, an essential amino acid derived from dietary proteins. It is metabolized through two pathways: re-methylation and transsulfuration, which use as cofactors folate, vitamin B6 and vitamin B12. Hyperhomocysteinemia has been identified as a risk factor for cerebrovascular disease, dementia, impaired cognitive function and depression. Several drugs may interfere with metabolic pathways of Hcy, leading to an alteration of plasma Hcy levels. Lipid-lowering agents, used to reduce the risk of cerebral venous thrombosis or occlusive vascular disease in patients with high levels of plasmatic lipids, can increase plasma Hcy levels. Hyperhomocysteinemia has been also documented in Parkinson disease patients treated with levodopa and in epileptic patients after chronic treatment with antiepileptic drugs. In contrast, vitamins supplementations may be warranted in patients treated with lipid-lowering agents, levodopa and antiepileptic drugs in order to maintain normal plasma Hcy values. In contrast, higher doses of vitamins can induce dysfunctions in central and peripheral nervous system; therefore excessive supplements should be avoided. © 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Nutrition and depression: Implications for improving mental health among childbearing-aged women; Adequate nutrition is needed for countless aspects of brain functioning. Poor diet quality, ubiquitous in the United States, may be a modifiable risk factor for depression. The objective was to review and synthesize the current knowledge of the role of nutrition in depression, and address implications for childbearing-aged women. Poor omega-3 fatty acid status increases the risk of depression. Fish oil and folic acid supplements each have been used to treat depression successfully. Folate deficiency reduces the response to antidepressants. Deficiencies of folate, vitamin B12, iron, zinc, and selenium tend to be more common among depressed than nondepressed persons. Dietary antioxidants have not been studied rigorously in relation to depression. Childbearing-aged women are particularly vulnerable to the adverse effects of poor nutrition on mood because pregnancy and lactation are major nutritional stressors to the body. The depletion of nutrient reserves throughout pregnancy and a lack of recovery postpartum may increase a woman's risk of depression. Prospective research studies are needed to clarify the role of nutrition in the pathophysiology of depression among childbearing-aged women. Greater attention to nutritional factors in mental health is warranted given that nutrition interventions can be inexpensive, safe, easy to administer, and generally acceptable to patients. © 2005 Society of Biological Psychiatry. ER  - 
Use of antidepressants by pregnant women: Evaluation of perception of risk, efficacy of evidence based counseling and determinants of decision making; Background: The World Health Organization predicts that by 2012, depression will be the number one disease in the world. Thus, many women who become pregnant will require treatment with antidepressants. We are aware that women and their health care providers remain hesitant to prescribe and take these drugs during pregnancy, despite evidence of the relative safety. Objectives: 1) To determine perception of risk of antidepressant drugs by pregnant women with depression, 2) to determine the efficacy of evidence-based counseling, and 3) to identify determinants that influence women in their decision making regarding the continuation/discontinuation of antidepressants during pregnancy. Methods: Women who called The Motherisk Program requesting information about the safety of an antidepressant during pregnancy were compared with two other groups: 1) Women who called about antibiotic use (i.e., non-teratogenic drugs used short-term) and 2) women who called about gastric medications (i.e., non-teratogenic drugs used long-term). Their perception of risk was measured before and after evidenced-based information was given and determinants of decision making was also evaluated. Results: We recruited 100 women taking antidepressants during pregnancy and 100 in each comparison group. Despite receiving evidence-based reassuring information, 15% of antidepressant users, compared to 4% using gastric drugs and 1% using antibiotics, chose to discontinue their medication. The main determinants of decision making were based on: information received prior to calling Motherisk, family and friends advice, the internet, sequence of advice given and if a women was undecided at the time of call. Conclusions: Women continue to fear taking antidepressants during pregnancy, more so than non psychiatric drugs, however, evidence based counseling can lower this fear, although not totally. Deciding whether to continue to take a medication or not during pregnancy, is a complex decision for women and their healthcare providers to make. © Springer-Verlag 2005. ER  - 
Fat food for a bad mood. Could we treat and prevent depression in Type 2 diabetes by means of ω-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids? A review of the evidence; Aims: Evidence strongly suggests that depression is a common complication of Type 2 diabetes mellitus. However, there is considerable room to improve the effectiveness of pharmacological antidepressant agents, as in only 50-60% of the depressed subjects with diabetes does pharmacotherapy lead to remission of depression. The aim of the present paper was to review whether polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) of the ω-3 family could be used for the prevention and treatment of depression in Type 2 diabetes. Methods: MEDLINE database and published reference lists were used to identify studies that examined the associations between ω-3 PUFA and depression. To examine potential side-effects, such as on glycaemic control, studies regarding the use of ω-3 supplements in Type 2 diabetes were also reviewed. Results: Epidemiological and clinical studies suggest that a high intake of ω-3 PUFA protects against the development of depression. There is also some evidence that a low intake of ω-3 is associated with an increased risk of Type 2 diabetes, but the results are less conclusive. Results from randomized controlled trials in non-diabetic subjects with major depression show that eicosapentaenoic acid is an effective adjunct treatment of depression in diabetes, while docosahexanoic acid is not. Moreover, consumption of ω-3 PUFA reduces the risk of cardiovascular disease and may therefore indirectly decrease depression in Type 2 diabetes, via the reduction of cardiovascular complications. Conclusions: Supplementation with ω-3 PUFA, in particular eicosapentaenoic acid, may be a safe and helpful tool to reduce the incidence of depression and to treat depression in Type 2 diabetes. Further studies are now justified to test these hypotheses in patients with Type 2 diabetes. © 2005 Diabetes UK. ER  - 
3alpha-reduced neuroactive steroids and their precursors during pregnancy and the postpartum period.; Allopregnanolone (ALLO) and pregnanolone (PREG), the 3alpha-reduced metabolites of progesterone (PROG), are potent modulators of gamma-aminobutyric acid type A receptors that may function as endogenous anxiolytics. They are purported to be involved in the etiology or expression of clinical depression. In the present study we quantified ALLO and PREG, as well as PROG, 5alpha-dihydroprogesterone (5alpha-DHP), 5beta-dihydroprogesterone (5beta-DHP), epiallopregnanolone and pregnenolone (PREGNEN), in plasma from healthy women at five time points during pregnancy and the postpartum period. Analysis was by gas chromatography/electron capture - negative chemical ionization - mass spectrometry. Neuroactive steroids increased significantly from 10 to 36 weeks of pregnancy, except for 5beta-DHP and PREGNEN which did not change significantly. PROG was the most abundant steroid throughout pregnancy, followed by 5alpha-DHP and ALLO. Metabolite to precursor ratios differed depending on the enzyme and substrate: the turnover of PROG to 5alpha-DHP (catalyzed by 5alpha-reductase) was stable while the conversion of PROG to 5beta-DHP (catalyzed by 5beta-reductase) decreased later in pregnancy. 3alpha-Hydroxysteroid oxidoreductase-mediated turnover of 5alpha- and 5beta-DHP to their metabolites ALLO and PREG, respectively, rose during pregnancy, but the turnover of 5alpha-DHP to ALLO dropped at the late prenatal visit. At 6 weeks postpartum all steroids were significantly reduced compared with late prenatal values, with 5alpha-DHP being the most abundant postpartum steroid. These results provide the basis for further study of neuroactive steroids in psychiatric conditions of pregnancy and the postpartum period. ER  - 
3α-reduced neuroactive steroids and their precursors during pregnancy and the postpartum period; Allopregnanolone (ALLO) and pregnanolone (PREG), the 3α-reduced metabolites of progesterone (PROG), are potent modulators of γ-aminobutyric acid type A receptors that may function as endogenous anxiolytics. They are purported to be involved in the etiology or expression of clinical depression. In the present study we quantified ALLO and PREG, as well as PROG, 5α-dihydroprogesterone (5α-DHP), 5β- dihydroprogesterone (5β-DHP), epiallopregnanolone and pregnenolone (PREGNEN), in plasma from healthy women at five time points during pregnancy and the postpartum period. Analysis was by gas chromatography/electron capture-negative chemical ionization-mass spectrometry. Neuroactive steroids increased significantly from 10 to 36 weeks of pregnancy, except for 5β-DHP and PREGNEN which did not change significantly. PROG was the most abundant steroid throughout pregnancy, followed by 5α-DHP and ALLO. Metabolite to precursor ratios differed depending on the enzyme and substrate: the turnover of PROG to 5α-DHP (catalyzed by 5α-reductase) was stable while the conversion of PROG to 5β-DHP (catalyzed by 5β-reductase) decreased later in pregnancy. 3α-Hydroxysteroid oxidoreductase-mediated turnover of 5α- and 5β-DHP to their metabolites ALLO and PREG, respectively, rose during pregnancy, but the turnover of 5α-DHP to ALLO dropped at the late prenatal visit. At 6 weeks postpartum all steroids were significantly reduced compared with late prenatal values, with 5α-DHP being the most abundant postpartum steroid. These results provide the basis for further study of neuroactive steroids in psychiatric conditions of pregnancy and the postpartum period. © 2005 Taylor & Francis. ER  - 
Nutrition and Depression; Although the major focus of treatment of depression in this country has been psychopharmaceutical, there is growing interest in exploring the role of certain nutrients. Omega-3 fats, particularly DHA, seem to play important roles in both the physiologic structure as well as optimal function of neuronal membrane and synthetic pathways of certain neurotransmitters. Patients with lower omega-3 levels are more likely to have depression. Both omega-3 fats, in the form of fish and fish oil supplements, and folate have been shown to have synergistic benefits for the treatment of depression when used in conjunction with standard pharmaceutical antidepressants; fluoxetine is especially studied in this regard. For folic acid, this benefit may be particular true for women, for unknown reasons. Low levels of the B vitamins folate and thiamine have each been associated with depression. Less than 20% of adults and children eat five daily servings of fruits and vegetables, the richest dietary sources of folate. The American diet is also lacking in fiber-rich foods such as whole grains and legumes,32 which are also good sources for thiamine. These dietary patterns raise concern for a large proportion of the population who may be deficient in key nutrients for healthy mood. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Methods for treating various forms of acne in the years 1991-2000, Department of Dermatology, Silesian Medical School; Common acne, the most frequently occurring dermatosis of adolescence may lead to mentally unstable states, even depression, due to localization, its very prolonged duration, and in some patients leaving deforming cicatrices. The objective of the present paper is to answer the following questions: which treatment procedures were used for curing patients with different types of acne who were admitted to Department of Dermatology, Silesian Medical School, Katowice, Poland, in the years between 1991 and 2000. During 1991 to 2000, 206 patients were hospitalized with the diagnosis of acne. Mean age of patients was 25.51 years. The following types of acne were recognized: 108 patients--acne punctata, 82--acne conglobata, 4--acne fulminant, 4--papulous-pustular acne, 8--inverse acne, respectively. Analyses have been performed on the basis of case records related to patients admitted to Department of Dermatology, and registered at Outpatient Clinic in the years 1991-2000. It has been proven that there existed a substantial statistical difference between the age of patients affected by acne conglobata and inverse one and those suffering from acne conglobata and acne punctata. A significant difference in the age between the group of patients locally treated and the group of those cured by Roaccutane was observed. The results obtained point out that most frequently diagnosed cases: acne conglobata and acne punctata were treated by Roaccutane and locally, respectively. Results obtained revealed that the percentage of patients treated orally by retinoids showed a rising tendency, while a relatively constant percentage of local treatment methods (strongly marked in the late 1990s) and variable rate of administered antibiotics for curing acne was observed. ER  - 
Leptin induces a novel form of NMDA receptor-dependent long-term depression; It is becoming apparent that the hormone leptin plays an important role in modulating hippocampal function. Indeed, leptin enhances NMDA receptor activation and promotes hippocampal long-term potentiation (LTP). Furthermore, obese rodents with dysfunctional leptin receptors display impairments in hippocampal synaptic plasticity. Here we demonstrate that under conditions of enhanced excitability (evoked in Mg2+-free medium or following blockade of GABAA receptors), leptin induces a novel form of long-term depression (LTD) in area CA1 of the hippocampus. Leptin-induced LTD was markedly attenuated in the presence of D-(-)-2-Amino-5-Phosphonopentanoic acid (D-AP5), suggesting that it is dependent on the synaptic activation of NMDA receptors. In addition, low-frequency stimulus-evoked LTD occluded the effects of leptin. In contrast, metabotropic glutamate receptors (mGluRs) did not contribute to leptin-induced LTD as mGluR antagonists failed to either prevent or reverse this process. The signalling mechanisms underlying leptin-induced LTD were independent of the Ras-Raf-mitogen-activated protein kinase signalling pathway, but were markedly enhanced following inhibition of either phosphoinositide 3-kinase or protein phosphatases 1 and 2A. These data indicate that under conditions of enhanced excitability, leptin induces a novel form of homosynaptic LTD, which further underscores the proposed key role for this hormone in modulating NMDA receptor-dependent hippocampal synaptic plasticity. © 2005 International Society for Neurochemistry. ER  - 
Treatment of tear trough deformity and lower lid bowing with injectable hyaluronic acid; Tear trough deformity of the lower eyelid is one of the most difficult depressions to correct surgically. The thin skin of the trough, the overhanging abundant lower lid fat, the underlying cheek mound, and the tethering effect of the orbitomalar ligament create a surgical challenge. Until now, noninvasive methods used to treat this depression have been problematic, yielding a poor benefit-to-risk ratio in most hands. Even surgery does not completely manage this depression. The most common surgical techniques for lower eyelid rejuvenation do not even address it. Since December of 2003, 24 patients have had their tear troughs treated with injectable hyaluronic acid. For 23 patients, Restylane was injected superficially to elevate the surface from the orbitomalar ligament and add volume to the trough. Only two patients were dissatisfied with their results. © 2005 Springer Science+Business Media, Inc. ER  - 
Beyond molecular biology: Improving quality of life in patients with Crohn's disease; Crohn's disease (CD) is a lifelong, incurable illness that typically requires decades of medical care. Patients with CD experience high rates of surgery, significantly impaired quality of life, depression, and economic hardship. Immunosuppressive and immunomodulatory agents have long been used for the treatment of CD, but are often of limited efficacy in patients with moderate-to-severe disease, or are associated with significant safety and tolerability problems. Surgery and nutrition therapy are also important components of the management of patients with CD. Inhibition of the inflammatory cytokine tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-α has recently emerged as an important therapeutic option for patients with CD, as demonstrated by the clinically significant improvement in symptoms with the anti-TNF therapy infliximab. A number of newer anti-TNF therapies have been evaluated in recent clinical trials. Some of these agents, including adalimumab and certolizumab pegol, have been shown to improve the symptoms of CD in initial clinical studies and are currently being evaluated in large randomized trials. Although these therapies are expected to be more expensive than conventional therapies for initial treatment, it is possible that newer treatments may reduce overall long-term treatment costs by reducing the need for hospitalization and surgical expenses, which account for more than 80% of CD-related healthcare costs. Economic analyses of clinical trial data for newer CD therapies have demonstrated reduced medical resource use, including the need for hospitalization and surgery, among patients who received anti-TNF therapies. Patient education and effective patient-physician communication are essential to maintain patient adherence to treatment and to identify and manage psychological consequences of CD and CD therapy. ER  - 
The HPA and immune axes in stress: The involvement of the serotonergic system; The impact of acute and chronic stress on the hypothalamic-pituitary- adrenal (HPA) axis is reviewed and evidence presented that corticotrophin releasing factor (CRF) is the stress neurotransmitter which plays an important role in the activation of the central sympathetic and serotonergic systems. The activity of CRF is expressed through specific receptors (CRF 1 and 2) that are antagonistic in their actions and widely distributed in the limbic regions of the brain, as well as in the hypothalamus, and on immune cells. The mechanism whereby chronic stress, via the CRF induced activation of the dorsal raphe nucleus, can induce a change in the serotonergic system, involves an increase in the 5HT2A and a decrease in the 5HT1A receptor mediated function. Such changes contribute to the onset of anxiety and depression. In addition, the hypersecretion of glucocorticoids that is associated with chronic stress and depression desensitises the central glucocorticoid receptors to the negative feedback inhibition of the HPA axis. This indirectly results in the further activation of the HPA axis. The rise in pro-inflammatory cytokines that usually accompanies the chronic stress response results in a further stimulation of the HPA axis thereby adding to the stress response. While CRF would appear to play a pivotal role, evidence is provided that simultaneous changes in the serotonergic and noradrenergic systems, combined with the activation of peripheral and central macrophages that increase the pro-inflammatory cytokine concentrations in the brain and blood, also play a critical role in predisposing to anxiety and depression. Neurodegenerative changes in the brain that frequently occur in the elderly patient with major depression, could result from the activation of indoleaminedioxygenase (IDO), a widely distributed enzyme that converts tryptophan via the kynenine pathway to for the neurotoxic end product quinolinic acid. © 2005 Elsevier SAS. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The effect of N-acetylcysteine on cardiac contractility to dobutamine in rats with streptozotocin-induced diabetes; We examined if myocardial depression at the acute phase of diabetes (3 weeks after injection of streptozotocin, 60 mg/kg i.v.) is due to activation of inducible nitric oxide synthase and production of peroxynitrite, and if treatment with N-acetylcysteine (1.2 g/day/kg for 3 weeks, antioxidant) improves cardiac function. Four groups of rats were used: control, N-acetylcysteine- treated control, diabetic and N-acetylcysteine-treated diabetic. Pentobarbital-anaesthetized diabetic rats, relative to the controls, had reduced left ventricular contractility to dobutamine (1-57 μg/min/kg). The diabetic rats also had increased myocardial levels of thiobarbituric acid reactive substances, immunostaining of inducible nitric oxide synthase and nitrotyrosine, and similar baseline 15-F2t-isoprostane. N-acetylcysteine did not affect responses in the control rats; but increased cardiac contractility to dobutamine, reduced myocardial immunostaining of inducible nitric oxide synthase and nitrotyrosine and level of 15-F2t-isoprostane, and increased cardiac contractility to dobutamine in the diabetic rats. Antioxidant supplementation in diabetes reduces oxidative stress and improves cardiac function. © 2005 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Muscarinic receptor stimulation reduces NMDA responses in CA3 hippocampal pyramidal cells via Ca2+-dependent activation of tyrosine phosphatase; N-methyl-d-aspartate (NMDA)-type glutamate receptors perform critical functions during the development of the nervous system and in the initiation of synaptic plasticity. An important mechanism in setting the gain of NMDA receptors involves the stimulation of G-protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs), which through activation of protein tyrosine kinases leads to an upregulation of NMDA receptors. In contrast, little is known about how NMDA receptors are downregulated. In the present study, we characterized a signaling pathway that mediates the depression of NMDA receptor function in response to stimulation of muscarinic acetylcholine receptors. Whole-cell patch-clamp recordings obtained from CA3 pyramidal cells in organotypic slice cultures revealed that under conditions of low intracellular calcium buffering application of muscarine-depressed NMDA receptor current. The sensitivity of this response to pirenzipine indicated that the M1 acetylcholine receptor is mediating this depression. The muscarine-induced depression of NMDA current was prevented by blocking G-protein function or after depleting intracellular Ca2+ stores with cyclopiazonic acid. Inhibitors of calmodulin prevented the depression whereas blocking calcineurin enhanced the depression of NMDA currents. Blocking tyrosine phosphatase activity with pervanandate converted the muscarine-induced depression into a potentiation of NMDA currents, whereas blocking protein kinase A (H-89), Src kinase (PP2, SU6656), or PKC (GF 109203X) failed to prevent the depression of NMDA currents. As Src tyrosine kinase is known to phosphorylate and upregulate NMDA receptors, we propose that a protein tyrosine phosphatase(s) counteracting the action of Src is the final target in the mAChR-dependent inhibitory signaling cascade. Our data are consistent with a transduction cascade comprising an M1 acetylcholine receptor→G- protein→Ca2+ release→calmodulin→tyrosine phosphatase. © 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Migraine: Current concepts and emerging therapies; Migraine is a recurrent incapacitating neurovascular disorder characterized by attacks of debilitating pain associated with photophobia, phonophobia, nausea and vomiting. Migraine affects a substantial fraction of world population and is a major cause of disability in the work place. Though the pathophysiology of migraine is still unclear three major theories proposed with regard to the mechanisms of migraine are vascular (due to cerebral vasodilatation), neurological (abnormal neurological firing which causes the spreading depression and migraine) and neurogenic dural inflammation (release of inflammatory neuropeptides). The modern understanding of the pathogenesis of migraine is based on the concept that it is a neurovascular disorder. The drugs used in the treatment of migraine either abolish the acute migraine headache or aim its prevention. The last decade has witnessed the advent of Sumatriptan and the 'triptan' class of 5-HT1B/1D receptor agonists which have well established efficacy in treating migraine. Currently prophylactic treatments for migraine include calcium channel blockers, 5-HT2 receptor antagonists, beta adrenoceptor blockers and γ-amino butyric acid (GABA) agonists. Unfortunately, many of these treatments are non specific and not always effective. Despite such progress, in view of the complexity of the etiology of migraine, it still remains undiagnosed and available therapies are underused. In this article, the diverse pieces of evidence that have linked the different theories of migraine with its pathophysiology are reviewed. Furthermore, the present therapeutic targets and futuristic approaches for the acute and prophylactic treatment of migraine, with a special emphasis to calcitonin gene-related peptide, are critically evaluated. ER  - 
Omega 3 fatty acids and functions of the central nervous system; Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) of the n-3 series, and notably docosahexaenoic acid (22:6n-3, DHA), are essential nutriments to ensure an optimal development of the central nervous system. Indeed due to its exceptionally high concentration in the excitable membranes of the brain and retina, the DHA exerts a fundamental role in the physiology of these tissues (structural properties, precursor of endoperoxide molecules, regulating action on the synaptic activity and the expression of genes). In experimental animal models (rodents, monkey), the fall of the DHA membrane content, induced by a diet deficient in n-3 PUFAs, is accompanied by the reduction in the learning capacities (memory, attention, motivation) and visual discrimination. Several cases of nutritional deficiencies have also been reported in man, notably in newborn infants who presented a delay in the development of their visual acuity. The consumption of n-3 PUFAs could be crucial in the appearance of some neuropsychiatric disorders (hyperactivity in children, schizophrenia, depression, ...), in relation with a second n-3 PUFA, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, 20:5n-3). It could also have beneficial effect in the incidence of neuropathologies associated with ageing as is suggested in recent epidemiological and prospective studies (Alzheimer disease, senile dementia). © 2005 Elsevier SAS. Tous droits réservés. ER  - 
Therapeutic methods for knee osteoarthritis: Randomized controlled trial and systemic evaluation; Objective: There has been no uniform therapeutic standard for knee os-teoarthritis by now. Different kinds of non-operative treatments were applied to evaluate their validity and reliability on knee osteoarthritis. Data sources: A computer-based online search of Ovid full text database (March 25, 2004) in Medline and Cochrane database (2004) was under taken to include randomized controlled trials which had been confirmed and relevant reviews by using the keywords of "knee, osteoarthritis, validity, reliability, non-operative treatment, randomized controlled trial". Study selection: All the retrieved data were comprehensively analyzed, and randomized controlled trials and system evaluations which evaluated the reliability and validity of the therapeutic methods for knee osteoarthritis were included. There were 16 groups of randomized controlled trials to compare among 8 kinds of non-aspirin and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and 6 groups of randomized controlled trials to compare non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs with placebo, in which totally 1689 cases (25% males and 75% females) with an average age of 60.8 years, were involved. In another evaluation, there were 16 groups of randomized controlled trials including 2029 patients to compare glucosamine with placebo and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs respectively. Besides, there were 26 groups of randomized controlled trials about hyaluronic acid and 5 about herbal medicine in the system evaluation. In the system evaluation of non-medication, there were 17 groups of randomized controlled trials about exercise involving 2562 cases. Among the rest physiotherapy, there were 28 groups including 1453 cases in the system evaluation. Data extraction: According to the keywords, totally 89 relevant articles were collected, but 35 pieces were excluded for unqualified arti-cles or cross reference, and 30 thirty were cited. Data synthesis: Medication is able to apparently alleviate the ache of knee joint, remit dysfunction, promote metabolism of articular cartilage, repair joint structure, and improve the sufferer' quality of life entirely, different kinds of drugs produce different curative effects on the different phases of osteoarthritis. Exercise can improve the motion of joint, enhance ache endurance, alleviate depression and anxiety, enhance muscle strength and flexibility, alleviate tiredness and ache, and improve the function. Psychrotherapy can enhance the muscle force of quadriceps muscle of thigh, alleviate swelling, and improve the articulatory activity range and flexibility. Both medication and non-medication are effective in improving the motion range and alleviating pain of knee joint, but there are respective merits and demerits in the reliability and validity. Conclusion: Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, glucosamine, hyaluronic acid, exercise of limbs, transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation, muscular electrical stimulating therapy etc. all have different merits in the validity and reliability respectively, but acupuncture and traditional Chinese medicine are indeterminate in the curative effects for lack of uniform criteria for evaluation, so more experiments are needed for support. ER  - 
Mechanisms of cardiac depression caused by lipoteichoic acids from Staphylococcus aureus in isolated rat hearts; Background - Lipoteichoic acid (LTA) represents a major virulence factor in gram-positive sepsis. Methods and Results - In the present study we perfused isolated rat hearts for 180 minutes with highly purified LTA from Staphylococcus aureus. A progressive decline of left ventricular contractile function paralleled by the expression of myocardial tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α) mRNA and protein as well as the release of TNF-α into the perfusate was observed in LTA-perfused hearts. Employment of an anti-TNF-α antibody completely prevented the loss in contractile function. When CD14, a prominent pathogen recognition receptor, was blocked by a specific antibody, induction of TNF-α mRNA and protein release as well as the associated cardiodepression was diminished in response to LTA. Synthesis of TNF-α protein was located to interstitial cells of LTA-challenged hearts as detected by immunohistochemistry. Besides progressive cardiodepression, coronary perfusion pressure (CPP) was moderately increased in LTA-perfused hearts. This was accompanied by the release of thromboxane A2 (TXA2) into the perfusate and the induction of cyclooxygenase (Cox)-2 mRNA and protein in the myocardium. Blocking of TXA2 by the nonspecific Cox inhibitor indomethacin, the thromboxane receptor antagonist daltroban, or the selective Cox-2 inhibitor NS-398 prevented the increase in CPP. Conclusions - LTA causes cardiac depression by activating myocardial TNF-α synthesis via CD14 and induces coronary vascular disturbances by activating Cox-2-dependent TXA 2 synthesis. These phenomena may contribute to cardiac depression in gram-positive sepsis. © 2005 American Heart Association, Inc. ER  - 
Two cases of Stevens-Johnson syndrome related to concomitant use of lamotrigine and valproic acid; Lamotrigine (LTG) is a relatively safe and new antiepiletic drug which is effective for bipolar depression and partial or generalized seizures. However, administration of LTG in combination with valproic acid may lead to fatal Stevens-Johnson syndrome (SJS)or Toxic Epidermal Necrolysis (TEN). Valproic acid may increase serum LTG levels or induce accumulation of a toxic intermediate metabolite by doubling the plasma half-life of LTG, due to competition with hepatic glucuronidation of LTG. Although there are several published case reports of LTG-induced SJS or TEN in Western countries, we have failed to find any corresponding cases in the Korean literature until now. Herein, we present two cases of SJS associated with concomitant use of LTG and valproic acid. ER  - 
The impact of major depressive disorder on the short- and long-term outcome of Crohn's disease treatment with infliximab; Background: Major depressive disorder is the most common psychiatric diagnosis in Crohn's disease. In other chronic diseases, evidence suggests that depression influences the course of the disease. Strong evidence of such a mediating role of major depressive disorder in Crohn's disease has never been found. Aim: To assess the relationship between major depressive disorder and outcome of treatment of luminal Crohn's disease with infliximab. Methods: In this prospective study, 100 consecutive unselected patients underwent assessment of psychosocial, demographical disease-related biological and clinical parameters at baseline and at 4 weeks after infliximab. Major depressive disorder was diagnosed using the Patient Health Questionnaire. Subsequently, the patients were followed up clinically until the next flare or during 9 months. Results: The Crohn's disease responded in 75% of the patients, and remission was achieved in 60%. The presence of major depressive disorder at baseline predicted a lower remission rate (OR = 0.166, 95% CI = 0.049-0.567, P = 0.004). At follow-up, 88% of the patients needed retreatment. At univariate regression analysis, major depressive disorder significantly decreased time to retreatment (P = 0.001). Multivariate Cox regression confirmed major depressive disorder as an independent determinant of active disease both at baseline and at re-evaluation (hazard ratio = 2.271, 95% CI: 1.36-3.79, P = 0.002). Conclusion: Major depressive disorder is a risk factor for failure to achieve remission with infliximab and for earlier retreatment in patients with active luminal Crohn's disease. Assessment and management of major depressive disorder should be part of the clinical approach to patients with Crohn's disease. © 2005 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Omega-3 fatty acids in the treatment of psychiatric disorders; The importance of omega-3 fatty acids for physical health is now well recognised and there is increasing evidence that omega-3 fatty acids may also be important to mental health. The two main omega-3 fatty acids in fish oil, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) have important biological functions in the CNS. DHA is a major structural component of neuronal membranes, and changing the fatty acid composition of neuronal membranes leads to functional changes in the activity of receptors and other proteins embedded in the membrane phospholipid. EPA has important physiological functions that can affect neuronal activity. Epidemiological studies indicate an association between depression and low dietary intake of omega-3 fatty acids, and biochemical studies have shown reduced levels of omega-3 fatty acids in red blood cell membranes in both depressive and schizophrenic patients. Five of six double-blind, placebo-controlled trials in schizophrenia, and four of six such trials in depression, have reported therapeutic benefit from omega-3-fatty acids in either the primary or secondary statistical analysis, particularly when EPA is added on to existing psychotropic medication. Individual clinical trials have suggested benefits of EPA treatment in borderline personality disorder and of combined omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acid treatment for attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder. The evidence to date supports the adjunctive use of omega-3 fatty acids in the management of treatment unresponsive depression and schizophrenia. As these conditions are associated with increased risk of coronary heart disease and diabetes mellitus, omega-3 fatty acids should also benefit the physical state of these patients. However, as the clinical research evidence is preliminary, large, and definitive randomised controlled trials similar to those required for the licensing of any new pharmacological treatment are needed. © 2005 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The concept of post-traumatic mood disorder; Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) is frequently comorbid with depression. A number of studies have been conducted to compare individuals suffering from comorbid PTSD and depression with individuals suffering from PTSD alone or depression alone. Comorbidity of PTSD and depression is associated with more severe symptoms as well as higher levels of disability compared to individuals with PTSD alone. A severity of overall symptoms is three to fivefold greater in subjects with comorbid PTSD and depression compared to those with PTSD alone. The comorbid group is five times more likely to manifest functional impairment compared to those diagnosed with PTSD alone. Patients with comorbid PTSD and depression have higher depression, impulsivity, and hostility scores and are significantly more likely to make a suicide attempt compared to subjects with depression alone. Depressed subjects with comorbid PTSD tend towards earlier age of first hospitalization and a higher number of hospitalizations compared to depressed individuals without comorbid PTSD. Lower affinity of α-2 adrenoreceptors and higher plasma tyrosine availability to the brain are associated with comorbid PTSD and depression, but not with PTSD alone. Individuals with comorbid PTSD and depression do not exhibit the classic rapid eye movement sleep architectural modifications associated with depression, despite the fact that several other psychophysiological indices of dysphoria are detectable in their sleep. In fenfluramine challenge studies, depressed patients with comorbid PTSD have lower plasma cortisol compared to depressed patients without comorbid PTSD. Cortisol levels increase with age and the number of previous major depressive episodes is a predictor of the cortisol response to fenfluramine administration in depressed patients without PTSD, but not in depressed patients with comorbid PTSD. Depressed subjects with comorbid PTSD have higher cerebrospinal fluid homovanillic acid levels compared with depressed subjects without comorbid PTSD. Thus, studies suggest that patients suffering from comorbid PTSD and depression differ clinically and biologically from individuals with PTSD alone or depression alone. It is possible that some or all individuals diagnosed with comorbid PTSD and depression have a separate psychobiological condition that can be termed "post-traumatic mood disorder". Future clinical and neurobiological studies may not only advance our understanding of the role of environmental and genetic factors in the etiology and pathogenesis of stress-related disorders, but also be useful in refining conceptions of stress-related disorders themselves and possible approaches to the treatment of these conditions. © 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Painful hallucinations and somatic delusions in a patient with the possible diagnosis of neuroborreliosis; Neuroborreliosis has become the most frequently recognized tick-borne infection of the nervous system in Europe and the United States. In addition to dermatological, cardiac, articular, and neurologic manifestations, psychiatric disorders such as depression, panic attacks, and schizophrenia-like psychosis can also arise. We report on a 61 -year-old woman who developed a severe pain syndrome following several tick bites. She was diagnosed with neuroborreliosis; she received various courses of antibiotics over several years, but without any clinical improvement in her condition. Her eventual admission to a psychiatric ward due to mental symptoms and neuroleptic treatment led to a dramatic improvement of her pain symptoms. However, increasing delusions disclosed a psychotic episode, which ceased over time. We discuss therapeutic difficulties and psychiatric complications in the absence of a clear-cut diagnosis of neuroborreliosis. Although this patient might have suffered from late-onset schizophrenia with painful hallucinations right from the start of her disease, the case highlights psychiatric complications that might be associated with neuroborreliosis. Copyright © 2005 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Etanercept, anticytokines and mania; Cytokines influence multiple psychiatric and medical conditions. Proinflammatory cytokines are associated with depression. The novel treatment of autoimmune diseases with anticytokines presents a unique strategy to understand the role of cytokines in affective disorders. Specifically, because antidepressants can be associated with cycling into manic states, and antidepressants can be associated with resolution of cytokine-induced depression, then, hypothetically, the treatment of a vulnerable patient who has an affective disorder with an anticytokine could also result in cycling. The development of a manic episode is described in a patient with psoriatic arthritis who was treated with etanercept, a tumour necrosis factor-α antagonist. © 2005 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Prevention of ethanol-induced behavioral stimulation by D-penicillamine: A sequestration agent for acetaldehyde; Background: D-Penicillamine, a sulfhydryl amino acid derived from penicillin, is a highly selective agent for sequestering in vivo acetaldehyde, the first metabolic product of ethanol. A substantial amount of research supports the idea that brain acetaldehyde, produced by central ethanol metabolism, plays a key role in determining some of the behavioral effects of ethanol administration. This study addressed two questions. First, we tested if D-penicillamine was able to modify the depressant effects of acetaldehyde on behavior. Second, we studied the effect of D-penicillamine on ethanol-induced behavioral stimulation. Methods: Mice were pretreated with 75.00 mg/kg of D-penicillamine, and 30 min later, they received acetaldehyde at 0, 100, 200, or 300 mg/kg intraperitoneally. Different groups of animals were treated with 0.0, 37.5, 75, 150, or 300 mg/kg of D-penicillamine simultaneously 30, 90, 150, or 210 min before the intraperitoneal administration of saline or 1.2, 1.8, 2.4, 3.0, or 3.6 g/kg of ethanol, respectively. The specificity of D-penicillamine effects was addressed using two drugs: cocaine (4 mg/kg) and caffeine (15 mg/kg). Results: Our results revealed that behavioral depression caused by acetaldehyde (200 and 300 mg/kg) could be attenuated by D-penicillamine treatment. In addition, D-penicillamine was also effective in lowering behavioral locomotion induced by ethanol (1.8 and 2.4 g/kg), without altering spontaneous locomotor activity. This sulfhydryl amino acid specifically modified the effect of ethanol on locomotion because cocaine- or caffeine-induced locomotion was unaffected. In addition, blood ethanol levels were not different between D-penicillamine- and saline-pretreated mice. Conclusions: Behavioral effects produced by acetaldehyde and ethanol are blocked when animals are treated with D-penicillamine, an effective sequestration agent for acetaldehyde. These results suggest that some of the psychopharmacological effects, classically attributed to ethanol, could be mediated by its first metabolite, acetaldehyde. Copyright © 2005 by the Research Society on Alcoholism. ER  - 
Nature or nurture in psychiatric disease; This review seeks to find support for the hypothesis that (early) environmental factors, notably those of nutritional nature, play important roles in the etiology and severity of at least some psychiatric diseases. Complex diseases, like schizophrenia, autism and depression, do not inherit by Mendel's law, and the search for the underlying genetic basis has to this end been unsuccessful. Schizophrenia and autism relate to low birth weight and pregnancy complications, which predispose to developmental adaptations by 'programming'. Adaptation to the 'conditions of existence' occurs by mutation, epigenetics and interaction of the environment with transcription factors. Folate status, and one-carbon metabolism in general, is intimately involved in epigenetic modification, which refers to modifications of gene expression that do not entail a change of DNA base sequence. Studies in rats and hyperhomocysteinemic patients revealed that DNA methylation is sensitive to dietary folate and other factors in one-carbon metabolism. Early folate status of schizophrenic patients might be compromised as suggested by i) coinciding incidences of schizophrenia and neural tube defects (NTDs) in Dutch hunger winter cohorts, ii) coinciding seasonal fluctuations of birth incidence of patients with schizophrenia and NTDs, and iii) higher incidence of schizophrenia in methylene tetrahydrofolate dehydrogenase 677C→T homozygotes. Recent studies in both schizophrenia and autism point at epigenetic dysregulation by altered methylation of the investigated genes or chromosomal loci. Arachidonic acid (AA, from meat) and docosahexaenoic acid (from fish) are major structural components of brain phospholipids, as well as modulators of signal transduction and gene expression. Schizophrenic patients, and possibly autistic children, exhibit abnormalities in phospholipid metabolism that might cause local AA depletion and impaired eicosanoid-mediated signal transduction. There is a strong inverse relation between national fish intakes and rates of major and postpartum depressions. Four out of 5 randomized controlled trials with fish oil-derived eicosapentaenoic acid have so far produced positive results in schizophrenia, whereas 3/3 produced positive effects in depression and bipolar disorders. Patients with schizophrenia may also benefit from folic acid and fish oil supplements to lower their high risk of cardiovascular disease. It is concluded that folate, other one-carbon metabolite micronutrients, and LCP might play important roles in the etiology of at least some psychiatric diseases in their capacity as modulators of gene expression through epigenetic mechanisms (folate), and as brain structural components, precursors of signal-transducing eicosanoids and ligands to nuclear transcription factors (LCP). The nutrition-gut-brain axis in pregnancy and psychiatric patients is in urgent need of more attention. ER  - 
Pellagra; Pellagra is a systemic disturbance caused by a cellular deficiency of niacin, resulting from inadequate dietary nicotinic acid and/or its precursors, the essential amino-acid tryptophan. In Europe and North America cases of pellagra are rarely encountered, but in some developing countries this disease is frequent, and is the most frequent clinical feature of nutritional deficiency of adult. The principal causes of pellagra are: nutritional niacin deficiency; chronic alcoholism; gastro-intestinal malabsorption; some medications (5-fluoro-uracil, isoniazid, pyrazinamide ehtionamide, 6-mercaptopurine, hydantoins, phenobarbital and chloramphenicol). The diagnosis of pellagra is based on the patient's history and the presence of «3 D syndrome»: dermatitis, diarrhea, and dementia. The dermatitis caused by pellagra is a bilaterally symmetrical erythema at the sites of solar exposure. The dermatitis begins in the form of an erythema with acute or intermittent onset gradually changing to an exsudative eruption on the dorsa of the hand, face, neck, and chest with pruritus and burning. Acute dermatitis of pellagra resembles sunburn in the first stages, sometimes with vesicles and bullae. The gastro-intestinal disturbances are: anorexia, nausea, epigastric discomfort and chronic or recurrent diarrhea. Anorexia and malabsorbative diarrhea lead to a state of malnutrition and cachexia. Stools are typically watery, but occasionally can be bloody and mucoid. Neuropsychologic manifestation included photophobia, asthenia, depression, hallucinations, confusions, memory loss and psychosis. As pellagra advances, patient become disoriented, confused and delirious; then stuporous and finally die. Pathological changes in the skin is non-specific, there are no chemical tests available to definitively diagnose pellagra. However low levels of urinary excretion of N-methylnicotinamide and pyridone indicates niacin deficiency. The treatment of pellagra consisted to exogenous administration of niacin or nicotinamide cures. Topical management of skin lesions with emollients may reduce discomfort. The therapy should also include other B vitamins, zinc and magnesium as well as a diet rich in calories. The prevention is based in the nutritional education (food sources of niacin: eggs, bran, peanuts, meat, poultry, fish, red meat, legumes and seeds), and the eviction of alcohol. ER  - 
Astrocytic contributions to bioenergetics of cerebral ischemia; Astrocytes are multifunctional cells that interact with neurons and other astrocytes in signaling and metabolic functions, and their resistance to pathophysiological conditions can help restrict loss of tissue after an ischemic event provided adequate nutrients are supplied to support their requirements. Astrocytes have substantial oxidative capacity and mechanisms to upregulate glycolytic capability when respiration is impaired. An astrocytic enzyme that synthesizes a powerful activator of glycolysis is not present in neurons, endowing astrocytes with the ability to sustain ATP production under restrictive conditions. The monocarboxylic acid transporter (MCT) isoforms predominating in astrocytes are optimized to facilitate very large increases in lactate flux as lactate concentration increases within (1-3 mM) and above (>3 mM) the normal range. In sharp contrast, the major neuronal MCT serves as a barrier to increased transmembrane transport as lactate rises above 1 mM, restricting both entry and efflux. Lactate can serve as fuel during recovery from ischemia but direct evidence that lactate is oxidized by neurons (vs. astrocytes) to maintain synaptic function is lacking. Astrocytes have critical roles in regulation of ionic homeostasis and control of extracellular glutamate levels, and spreading depression associated with ischemia places high demands on energy supplies in astrocytes and contributes to metabolic exhaustion and demise. Disruption of Ca2+ homeostasis, generation of oxygen free radicals and nitric oxide, and mitochondrial depolarization contribute to astrocyte death during and after a metabolic insult. Novel pharmaceutical agents targeted to astrocytes and hyperoxic therapy that restores penumbral oxygen level during energy failure might improve postischemic outcome. © 2005 Wiley-Liss, Inc. ER  - 
Simultaneous determination of fluoxetine, citalopram, paroxetine, venlafaxine in plasma by high performance liquid chromatography-electrospray ionization mass spectrometry (HPLC-MS/ESI); Fluoxetine, citalopram, paroxetine and venlafaxine have been widely used in the treatment of depression. However, no study has been conducted to determine the four drugs simultaneously by high performance liquid chromatography- electrospray ionization mass spectrometry (HPLC-MS/ESI). Objective: To establish a new, rapid and sensitive HPLC-MS/ESI method for simultaneous determination and screening in human plasma of the four most commonly prescribed nontricyclic antidepressants: fluoxetine, citalopram, paroxetine and venlafaxine. Methods: The analytes in plasma were extracted by solid-phase-extraction column after samples had been alkalinized. The HPLC separation of the analytes was performed on a MACHEREY-NAGEL C18 (250 mm × 4.6 mm, 5 μm, Germany) column, using water (formic acid 0.6‰, ammonium acetate: 30 mmol/l)-acetonitrile (35:65, v/v) as mobile phase, with a flow-rate of 0.85 ml/min. The compounds were ionized in the electrospray ionization (ESI) ion source of the mass spectrometer and were detected in the selected ion recording (SIR) mode. Results: The calibration curves were linear in the 5.0-1000.0 ng/ml range for all compounds, all of them with coefficients of determination above 0.9900. The average extraction recoveries for all the four analytes were above 73.2%. The methodology recoveries were higher than 95.0%. The limits of detection (LODs) were 0.5, 0.3, 0.3 and 0.1 ng/ml for fluoxetine, citalopram, paroxetine and venlafaxine, respectively. The intra- and inter-day variation coefficients were less than 15.0%. Conclusion: The method is accurate, sensitive and simple for routine therapeutic drug monitoring (TDM) as well as toxicologic screening, and for the study of the pharmacokinetics and metabolism of the four drugs. © 2005 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Mechanisms of Na+ and Ca2+ influx into respiratory neurons during hypoxia; Changes in intracellular Na+ and Ca2+ in inspiratory neurons of neonatal mice were examined by using ion-selective fluorescent indicator dyes SBFI and fura-2, respectively. Both [Na+]i and [Ca2+]i signals showed rhythmic elevations, correlating with the inspiratory motor output. Brief (2-3 min) hypoxia, induced initial potentiation of rhythmic transients followed by their depression. During hypoxia, the basal [Na+]i and [Ca2+] i levels slowly increased, reflecting development of an inward current (Im). By antagonizing specific mechanisms of Na+ and Ca2+ transport we found that increases in [Na+] i, [Ca2+]i and Im due to hypoxia are suppressed by CNQX, nifedipine, riluzole and flufenamic acid, indicating contribution of AMPA/kainate receptors, persistent Na+ channels, L-type Ca2+ channels and Ca2+-sensitive non-selective cationic channels, respectively. The blockers decreased also the amplitude of the inspiratory bursts. Modification of mitochondrial properties with FCCP and cyclosporine A decreased [Ca2+]i elevations due to hypoxia by about 25%. After depletion of internal Ca2+ stores with thapsigargin, the blockade of NMDA receptors, Na+/K+ pump, Na+/H+ and Na+/Ca2+ exchange, the hypoxic response was not changed. We conclude that slow [Na+] i and [Ca2+]i increases in inspiratory neurons during hypoxia are caused by Na+ and Ca2+ entry due to combined activation of persistent Na+ and L-type Ca2+ channels and AMPA/kainate receptors. © 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Effect of ω-3 fatty acid-containing phospholipids on blood catecholamine concentrations in healthy volunteers: A randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind trial; Objective: We previously reported that administration of fish oil rich in docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) increased the plasma ratio of epinephrine to norepinephrine (NE) at rest in young adults who were under chronic stress and that this effect was achieved mainly through depression of NE. However, not many reports have documented the effects of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and DHA on blood catecholamine levels in healthy humans. Therefore, we performed another intervention study to test their effect on catecholamines with healthy subjects under no chronic stress. Methods: Twenty-one healthy young adults (15 men and 6 women) were randomly assigned to an ω-3 group (n = 9) or a control group (n = 12) in a double-blind manner. Twenty capsules of shellfish-derived lipids containing 762 mg of EPA plus DHA per day were administered to the ω-3 group for 2 mo. The controls took the same amount of placebo capsules. Fasting blood samples after a 30-min rest with a catheter in a forearm vein were obtained at the start and the end of the study for catecholamine measurements. Results: EPA but not DHA concentrations in red blood cells significantly increased in the ω-3 group compared with the control group (P < 0.001). Plasma NE concentrations were significantly decreased in the ω-3 group (from 1.49 ± 0.39 nmol/L to 1.05 ± 0.14 nmol/L) compared with the control group (from 1.12 ± 0.24 nmol/L to 1.39 ± 0.32 nmol/L) with analysis of covariance (P < 0.001). The differences remained significant (P = 0.01) even after deletion of three subjects in the ω-3 group who had the highest baseline NE values and one in the control group who had the lowest baseline NE value to nullify a significant baseline differences in NE between groups. Conclusion: This study demonstrated that EPA plus DHA supplementation lowered plasma NE concentrations in normal volunteers even at the small dose of 762 mg of EPA plus DHA per day. This effect of EPA plus DHA to lower plasma NE concentrations may be important to understand some of the effects of fish oils on diseases. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The impact of long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on human health; A considerable literature has been published on the health benefits of fish, oil-rich fish and fish oils and their constituent long-chain (LC) n-3 PUFA. Evidence from epidemiological studies highlights the cardioprotective attributes of diets rich in fish, especially oil-rich fish. Data from intervention trials are consistent in suggesting that LC n-3 PUFA lower the risk of CVD, probably by the multiple mechanisms of lowering serum triacylglycerols, improving the LDL:HDL ratio, anti-arrhythmic effects on heart muscle, improved plaque stability, anti-thrombotic effects and reduced endothelial activation. Research indicates LC n-3 PUFA provision has an impact during development, and there is preliminary evidence that docosahexaenoic acid supplementation during pregnancy could optimise brain and retina development in the infant. LC n-3 PUFA are also postulated to ameliorate behavioural and mental health disturbances such as depression, schizophrenia, dementia and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. However, despite some positive evidence in each of these areas, use of LC n-3 PUFA in these conditions remains at the experimental stage. In the case of immune function, there is little doubt that LC n-3 PUFA have a positive effect. Although intervention trials in rheumatoid arthritis show strong evidence of benefit, evidence for efficacy in other inflammatory conditions, including Crohn's disease, ulcerative colitis, psoriasis, lupus, multiple sclerosis, cystic fibrosis and asthma, is inconsistent or inadequate. More promising evidence in some conditions may come from studies which attempt to modify the fetal environment using LC n-3 PUFA supplementation during pregnancy. © The Authors 2005. ER  - 
Omega-3 eicosapentaenoic acid in bipolar depression: Report of a small open-label study; Introduction: Epidemiologic studies have suggested that consumption of cold water fish oils may have some protective function against depression. This proposition is supported by a series of biochemical and pharmacologic studies that have suggested that fatty acids may modulate neurotransmitter metabolism and cell signal transduction in humans and that abnormalities in fatty acid and eicosanoid metabolism may play a causal role in depression. Aware of the critical need for antidepression treatments that might not carry the risk of precipitating a manic episode in bipolar patients, we decided to conduct an open-label add-on trial of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) in bipolar depression. Method: Twelve bipolar I outpatients with depressive symptoms diagnosed by DSM-IV were treated with 1.5 to 2 g/day of the omega-3 fatty acid EPA for up to 6 months. The study was conducted between September 2001 and January 2003. Results: Eight of the 10 patients who completed at least 1 month of follow-up achieved a 50% or greater reduction in Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression scores within 1 month. No patients developed hypomania or manic symptoms. No significant side effects were reported. Limitations: This study is limited both by the open-label design and by the small sample size. As in all previous reported studies, patients in this study were treated in an outpatient setting, so that the most severely depressed bipolar patients (requiring hospitalization) are not represented. Conclusions: Although the ultimate utility of omega-3 fatty acids in bipolar depression is still an open question, we believe that these initial results are encouraging, especially for mild to moderate bipolar depression, and justify the continuing exploration of its use. ER  - 
5-Methyltetrahydrofolate and tetrahydrobiopterin can modulate electrotonically mediated endothelium-dependent vascular relaxation; We have investigated the ability of 5-methyltetrahydrofolate (5-MTHF) and tetrahydrobiopterin (BH4) to modulate nitric oxide (NO)-independent vascular relaxations that are mediated by the sequential spread of endothelial hyperpolarization through the wall of the rabbit iliac artery by means of myoendothelial and homocellular smooth muscle gap junctions. Relaxations and subintimal smooth muscle hyperpolarizations evoked by cyclopiazonic acid were depressed by the gap junction inhibitor 2-aminoethoxydiphenyl borate, whose effects were prevented by 5-MTHF and BH4, but not by their oxidized forms folic acid and 7,8-dihydrobiopterin. Analogously, 5-MTHF and BH 4, but not folic acid or 7,8-dihydrobiopterin, attenuated the depression of subintimal hyperpolarization by a connexin-mimetic peptide targeted against Cx37 and Cx40 (37,40Gap 26) and the depression of subadventitial hyperpolarization by a peptide targeted against Cx43 ( 43Gap 26), thus reflecting the known differential expression of Cx37 and Cx40 in the endothelium and Cx43 in the media of the rabbit iliac artery. The inhibitory effects of 2-aminoethoxydiphenyl borate and 37,40Gap 26 against subintimal hyperpolarization were prevented by catalase, which destroys H2O2. 5-MTHF and BH4 thus appear capable of modulating electrotonic signaling by means of myoendothelial and smooth muscle gap junctions by reducing oxidant stress, potentially conferring an ability to reverse the endothelial dysfunction found in disease states through mechanisms that are independent of NO. © 2005 by The National Academy of Sciences of the USA. ER  - 
Behavioral responses during the forced swim test are not affected by anti-inflammatory agents or acute illness induced by lipopolysaccharide; Pro-inflammatory cytokines and other molecules traditionally associated with immune function have been implicated in mediating behavioral and physiological consequences of stressor exposure. There is also evidence that cytokines are aberrantly expressed in depressive populations, suggesting they may play an etiological role in the development of depression/despair-related processes. Thus, we conducted a series of experiments to determine whether agents known to suppress cytokine activity or inflammatory responses in the CNS would alter the normal progression of behavioral responses during the forced swim test (FST, an animal model of depression/behavioral despair). Adult male Sprague-Dawley rats were injected with indomethacin (1 or 10 mg/kg intraperitoneally (i.p.)), α-MSH (0.25 or 0.5 μg icv), or minocycline (20 or 40 mg/kg i.p.) prior to each day of the FST and behavioral assessments were performed. Injection of indomethacin, α-MSH, or minocycline had no effect on the development of the immobility response during the FST on either day of testing. In a second series of experiments, we examined whether behavioral responses during forced swim would be affected by acute illness induced by a single injection of lipopolysaccharide (LPS). Acute injection of LPS (10 or 100 μg/kg i.p.) had no effect on behavioral responding during the FST irrespective of when it was injected, despite pronounced reductions in social behavior following these same doses of LPS. From these studies, we conclude that (a) endogenous inflammatory mediators do not appear to be involved in the normal progression of behavioral responses during the FST, and (b) behavioral responses during the FST are not affected by acute systemic injection of LPS. © 2004 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Diagnosis, treatment and prevention of mania and hipomania within the bipolar disorder; At least 5% (Moreno, 2004 e Angst et al., 2003) of the general population have presented mania or hypomania. Irritability and depressive symptoms during brief hyperactivity episodes and the heterogeneity of symptoms complicate the diagnosis. Neurological, metabolic, endocrine, inflammatory diseases, besides drugs intoxication and abstinence can cause a manic syndrome. Sometimes hypomania or mania are misdiagnosed as normality, major depression, schizophrenia, personality, anxiety and impulse control disorders. Lithium is the first treatment choice for episodes of mania. Valproic acid, carbamazepine and atypical antipsychotics are frequently used as well. Electroconvulsive therapy should be used in severe, psychotic or gestational mania. For the prophylaxy of manic episodes, lithium is the medication with most controlled studies. More studies are needed to investigate the prophylactic efficacy of valproate, olanzapine and other medications. The treatment and prophylaxis of hypomania remains understudied, and usually follows the guidelines used for mania. ER  - 
Incorporation of therapeutic interventions in physiologically based pharmacokinetic modeling of human clinical case reports of accidental or intentional overdosing with ethylene glycol; Although occupational uses of the high production volume (HPV) chemical ethylene glycol (EG) have not been associated with adverse effects, there are case reports where humans have either intentionally or accidentally ingested large quantities of EG, primarily from antifreeze. The acute toxicity of EG can proceed through three stages, each associated with a different metabolite: central nervous system depression (ethylene glycol), cardiopulmonary effects associated with metabolic acidosis (glycolic acid), and ultimately renal toxicity (oxalic acid), depending on the total amounts consumed and the effectiveness of therapeutic interventions. A physiologically based pharmacokinetic (PBPK) model developed in a companion paper (Corley et al., 2005). Development of a physiologically based pharmacokinetic model for ethylene glycol and its metabolite, glycolic acid, in rats and humans. Toxicol. Sci., in press 2005) was refined in this study to include clinically relevant treatment regimens for EG poisoning such as hemodialysis or metabolic inhibition with either ethanol or fomepizole. Such modifications enabled the model to describe data from several human case reports, confirming the ability of the previous model to describe the pharmacokinetics of EG and its metabolite, glycolic acid, in humans across a broad range of doses and multiple exposure routes. By integrating the case report data sets with controlled studies in this PBPK model, it was demonstrated that fomepizole, if administered early enough in a clinical situation, can be more effective than ethanol or hemodialyis in preventing the metabolism of EG to more toxic metabolites. Hemodialysis remains an important option, however, if treatment is instituted after a significant amount of EG is metabolized or if renal toxicity has occurred. © The Author 2005. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Society of Toxicology. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Bipolar disorders in children and adolescents; In the past decade, 7 million children in the United States had a mental health problem, with higher rates of medication use, primary care visits, and specialty care visits than children without such problems. Children with bipolar disorders can present diagnostic and referral dilemmas for the primary care pediatric nurse practitioner, and frequently these children take multiple medications that interact with commonly used antibiotics, over-the-counter medications, and contraceptives. Diagnostic criteria for mania are controversial and coexisting attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder, conduct disorder, and anxiety disorders can complicate the diagnosis and treatment. The primary care pediatric nurse practitioner role includes referral, co-management, and advocacy for this vulnerable population. Copyright © 2005 by the National Association of Pediatric Nurse Practitioners. ER  - 
Inhibition of COX-2 by celecoxib enhances glucocorticoid receptor function; Celecoxib is a widely used nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agent that acts through selective inhibition of COX-2. Data presented in this paper demonstrated that celecoxib also significantly increased the functional activity of the glucocorticoid receptor, while inhibiting p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase. These results expand the intracellular targets of COX-2 inhibitors and widen their potential clinical application to disorders associated with impaired glucocorticoid function, including neuropsychiatric disorders such as major depression. © 2005 Nature Publishing Group. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Placebo neural systems: Nitric oxide, morphine and the dopamine brain reward and motivation circuitries; Evidence suggests that the placebo response is related to the tonic effects of constitutive nitric oxide in neural, vascular and immune tissues. Constitutive nitric oxide levels play a role in the modulation of dopamine outflow in the nigrostriatal movement and the mesolimbic and mesocortical reward and motivation circuitries. Endogenous morphine, which stimulates constitutive nitric oxide, may be an important signal molecule working at mu receptors on gamma aminobutyric acid B interneurons to disinhibit nigral and tegmental dopamine output. We surmise that placebo induced belief will activate the prefrontal cortex with downstream stimulatory effects on these dopamine systems as well as on periaqueductal grey opioid output neurons. Placebo responses in Parkinson's disease, depression and pain disorder may result. In addition, mesolimbic/mesocortical control of the stress response systems may provide a way for the placebo response to benefit other medical conditions. © Med Sci Monit, 2005. ER  - 
Prostaglandin E2 is a main mediator in receptor activator of nuclear factor-κB ligand-dependent osteoclastogenesis induced by Porphyromonas gingivalis, treponema denticola, and treponema socranskii; Background: Periodontitis is an inflammatory disease that often leads to destruction of alveolar bone; a number of bacteria in subgingival plaque are associated with bone destruction in periodontitis. To understand the mechanism of how periodontopathogens induce osteoclastogenesis, we determined which mediators are involved in the osteoclastogenesis. Methods: We investigated effects of sonicates from three periodontopathic bacteria, Porphyromonas gingivalis, Treponema denticola, and Treponema socranskii, on osteoclast formation in a co-culture system of mouse calvaria-derived osteoblasts and bone marrow cells. The osteoclast formation was determined by tartrate resistant acid phosphatase (TRAP) staining. The expression of the receptor activator of nuclear factor-κ B ligand (RANKL), prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) and osteoprotegerin (OPG) in mouse calvaria-derived osteoblasts was determined by immunoassay. Results: Each bacterial sonicate induced the osteoclast formation in the co-culture system. These bacterial sonicates increased the expression of RANKL and PGE2, and decreased the expression of OPG in osteoblasts. The addition of OPG, an inhibitor of RANKL, in the co-culture completely suppressed the osteoclastogenesis that was stimulated by each bacterial sonicate. Indomethacin, which is an inhibitor of PGE2 synthesis, reduced more than 88% of the osteoclast formation induced by each bacterial sonicate. Indomethacin inhibited more than 80% of RANKL expression in osteoblasts induced by T. denticola and T. socranskii, and 59% by P. gingivalis. Indomethacin completely recovered the depression of OPG expression in osteoblasts by T. denticola and T. socranskii to the level of the untreated osteoblasts. Indomethacin recovered the reduction of OPG expression by P. gingivalis to 67%. Conclusion: These findings suggest that the osteoclastogenesis by P. gingivalis, T. denticola, and T. socranskii is mediated by a RANKL-dependent pathway and that PGE2 is a main factor in the pathway by the enhancing of RANKL expression and the depression of osteoprotegerin, a RANKL inhibitor. ER  - 
Oxacillins - A brief review; Isoxazolyl penicillins (oxacillins) are narrow spectrum antibiotics which are active against penicillinase producing staphylococci. The first compound from this group of penicillins was methicillin. In Germany and Austria oxacillin, dicloxacillin and flucloxacillin are available. Nafcillin - broadly used in the United States of America -is available only for veterinary use in Central Europe. Oxacillins can be given both by oral and parenteral route. They have a short elimination half-life of < 60 minutes and are highly protein bound which has a negative influence on in vitro activity and penetration into the lymphe. Elimination is mainly via the kidney (30-50 %), however most compounds undergo hepatic metabolisation. Important clinical adverse effects are hepatotoxicity and bone-marrow depression (neutropenia and thrombocytopenia) which is dose dependent (adverse effect rate for flucloxacillin/cloxacillin 10.3 % at a total dose < 120 gm and 43.4 % at a dose of > 120 gm. For flucloxacillin the rate of hepatotoxicity is estimated at 1: 11,000 to 1: 30,000. It can manifest up to 47 days after discontinuation of treatment. A higher rate of rash (31.7 %) and hepatotoxicity (22 %) was reported for oxacillin than for nafcillin (0 % resp. 10.3 %). Blood count and liver function parameters must be checked regularly to detect adverse effects promptly. The incidence of adverse effects is significantly higher if prescribed for longer than 14 days, higher total dose and in patients > 55 years. Oxacillins should be prescribed for the treatment of staphylococcal infections when no other alternative treatment is available and careful consideration of the risk-benefit ratio is required. ER  - 
Role of omega-3 fatty acids as a treatment for depression in the perinatal period; Objectives: To consider the possible rationale and utility of omega-3 fatty acids as a treatment for depression in the perinatal period. Method: A review of published and unpublished research was undertaken, using electronic databases, conferences proceedings and expert informants. Results: Relevant bodies of evidence include an epidemiological link between low fish intake and depression. Laboratory studies show correlations between low omega-3 fatty acid levels and depression, as well as reduced levels of omega-3 in non-depressed women during the perinatal period. Treatment studies using omega-3 in patients with mood disorders further support an omega-3 contribution, as do neuroscientific theories. Research into omega-3 and infant development also highlights potential effects of depletion in the perinatal period and supports infant safety and benefits of supplementation. Conclusions: There is a relative lack of knowledge about the safety of standard antidepressants in the perinatal period. There is a clear need for more research into alternative treatments, such as omega-3 fatty acids, in the management of depression in the perinatal period. ER  - 
Monoaminergic transmitters in the cerebrospinal fluid of patients with acute, chronic, and intermittent pain. Interface between pain and depression?; Background and study purpose. Pain and depression share similar neurobiological characteristics, and it is a common clinical observation that pain and depression may coincide in the same patient. They also appear to influence each other in the process of chronification. Furthermore, there is a complex coupling of pain and depression by monoaminergic transmitter system. Patients and methods. Norepinephrine (NE), epinephrine (E), dopamine (DOP), 5-hydroxyindoleacetic acid (5-HIAA), homovanillic acid (HVA), and vanillylmandelic acid (VMA) concentrations were determined in the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) in patients with acute (20), chronic (27), and episodic pain syndrome (44) in a prospective study. The biochemical parameters were correlated to self-assessment pain and depression scores. The control group consisted of 13 pain-free patients with diseases affecting the muscular system. Results. Patients with chronic and episodic pain syndromes had significantly more depressive and psychovegetative symptoms compared to patients with acute pain. In patients with acute pain, DOP was significantly higher than in controls and chronic and episodic pain patients. In addition DOP was positively correlated to self-assessment pain score (p*<0.05). In patients with chronic and episodic pain, NE and 5-HIAA were positively correlated to the duration of disease and were significantly lower than in the control group. In neither of these two groups could significant correlations be established between these parameters and pain or depression self-assessment scores. In all groups, positive correlations were seen between the neurotransmitter and their metabolites. Conclusion. The pathological decrease of NE and 5-HIAA in the CSF points to the crucial role of noradrenergic and serotonergic transmitter systems in the generation, modulation, and perpetuation of chronic and episodic pain syndromes. It indicates that antidepressants are effective drugs in these diseases. However, a discriminative neurochemical pattern between pain and depression could not be established. The demonstration of polyvalent correlations between different neurotransmitters is indicative of complex neurobiological coupling between cortical, limbic, and hypothalamic neuronal networks on the one hand and the nociceptive descending system on the other hand in the genesis of pain and depression. © Springer Medizin Verlag 2005. ER  - 
Protective effect of Radix Acanthopanacis Senticosi capsule on colon of rat depression model; Aim: To investigate the abnormity of rat colon caused by depression and the ameliorative effects of Radix Acanthopanacis Senticosi (RAS) capsule on colon and their mechanisms in rat depression model. Methods: Chronic stress-induced model of depression of Wistar rats was produced. The experimental animals were randomly divided into model control, 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA) therapy group and three RAS capsule therapy groups. These five groups were intracolonically treated daily (8:00 a.m.) for 2 wk with normal saline, 5-ASA (100 mg/kg) and RAS capsule at the doses of 300, 600 and 900 mg/kg, respectively. A normal control group of rats was also included in the study. Colonic activities of nitric oxide (NO) and superoxide dismutase (SOD), levels of malondialdehyde (MDA) and inducible nitric oxide synthase (iNOS) were determined by ultraviolet spectrophotometry. The expression of cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) in colonic tissue was detected by immunohistochemistry. Results: Enhanced colon inflammatory response and oxidative stress were observed in the chronic stress-induced rat depression model, which manifested as the significant increase of MDA, iNOS and NO levels, as well as the expressions of COX-2 in the colon tissue, but the colonic SOD activity was significantly decreased compared with the normal control (MDA: 10.34±2.77 vs 2.55±0.70; iNOS: 1.11±0.44 vs 0.25±0.16; COX-2: 53.26±8.16 vs 4.87±1.65; NO: 11.28±5.66 vs 4.76±1.55; SOD: 53.39±11.15 vs 84.45±22.31; P<0.01). However, these parameters were significantly ameliorated in rats treated locally with RAS capsule at the doses of 300, 600 and 900 mg/kg (iNOS: 0.65±0.31, 0.58±0.22 and 0.64±0.33; NO: 5.99±2.73, 6.87±1.96 and 6.50±1.58; MDA: 2.92±0.75, 3.19±1.08 and 3.26±1.24; SOD: 70.81±12.36, 73.30±15.30 and 69.09±11.03, respectively). The expressions of COX-2 in the colon were significantly ameliorated (28.83±9.48 and 27.04±9.56, respectively) when RAS capsule was administered at the doses of 600 and 900 mg/kg. Conclusion: Administration of RAS capsule intracolonically may have significant therapeutic effects on the colon of rat depression model, which are probably due to its antioxidative action and inhibition of arachidonic acid metabolism. © 2005 The WJG Press and Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Serum hyaluronic acid levels are elevated in arthritis patients, but normal and not associated with clinical data in patients with fibromyalgia syndrome; Background: Fibromyalgia syndrome (FM) is a disease with widespread chronic pain and many nonspecific symptoms. Hyaluronic acid (HA) is a disputed marker for the diagnosis of FM. The aim of the study is to clarify the discrepant results reported so far. Methods: Serum concentrations of HA were measured with a radiometric assay (Pharmacia & Upjohn, Sweden) in 41 patients with FM (38 females), 48 with arthritis (35 females) and 31 control subjects (28 females). Correlations of HA levels with clinical parameters (duration of disease, age, gender, medication) and scores of disease severity (e.g. depression and pain) were calculated. If appropriate, partial correlations and analysis of covariance adjusted for confounding variables (e.g. age) were used. Results: HA levels were confirmed to be age-related in the whole study group (rs=0.54; P<0.001) and each subgroup. Association between HA levels and gender, drug therapy, clinical or psychometric data could not be demonstrated in patients suffering from FM. Analyzing all study participants, HA levels were correlated with the pain disability index (PDI) (rτ=0.27; P<0.02) and, in arthritis patients only, with duration of disease (rτ,=0.82; P<0.001). Moreover, analysis of covariance revealed that patients with FM had normal HA values as compared with control subjects and only patients with arthritis had significantly higher levels than both other groups. Conclusions: The present study with a quite large cohort including patients with arthritis and FM demonstrates that serum levels of HA in FM are neither elevated nor associated with any relevant clinical data of this disease and, therefore, have no diagnostic or prognostic value in Germans. ER  - 
Effects of cis-unsaturated free fatty acids on PKC-ε activation and nicotinic ACh receptor responses; Linoleic acid (C18:2ω6) (10 μM) depressed ACh-evoked whole-cell membrane currents followed by potentiation of the currents in Xenopus oocytes expressing Torpedo ACh receptors. The potentiation was never obtained with linoleoylamide (10 μM), which contains CONH2 instead of COOH on linoleic acid. In the assay of protein kinase C (PKC) using a reversed phase high-performance liquid chromatography, linoleic acid activated PKC-ε but linoleoylamide otherwise had no effect on it. Of a variety of cis-unsaturated free fatty acids with 20 hydrocarbon chains (C20), 8-eicosenoic acid (C20:1ω12) potentiated ACh receptor channel currents without depression. 11,14-Eicosadienoic acid (C20:2ω6), 5,8,11-eicosatrienoic acid (C20:3ω9), 5,8,11,14-eicosatetraenoic acid (arachidonic acid) (C20:4ω6), and 5,8,11,14,17-eicosapentaenoic acid (C20:5ω3) depressed and potentiated the currents. In contrast, only a depression was obtained with 5-eicosenoic acid (C20:1ω15), 11-eicosenoic acid (C20:1ω9), and 8,11,14-eicosatrienoic acid (C20:3ω6). All the free fatty acids (C20) involved PKC-ε activation, with no significant difference in the potency among them. Taken together, it appears that carboxyl on cis-unsaturated free fatty acids plays a significant role in PKC-ε activation and potentiation of nicotinic ACh receptor responses. The role of the number and position of the cis-double bonds in the receptor responses, however, remains an open question. © 2004 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Increased superoxide anion in rostral ventrolateral medulla contributes to hypertension in spontaneously hypertensive rats via interactions with nitric oxide; Oxidative stress because of an excessive production of superoxide anion (O2.-) is associated with hypertension. The present study evaluated the hypothesis that in the rostral ventrolateral medulla (RVLM), where the premotor neurons for the maintenance of vascular vasomotor activity are located, increased O2.- contributes to hypertension in spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHR) by modulating the cardiovascular depressive actions of nitric oxide (NO). Compared with normotensive Wistar-Kyoto (WKY) rats, SHR manifested significantly increased basal O2.- production, along with reduced manganese superoxide dismutase (MnSOD) expression and activity, in the RVLM. The magnitude of hypotension, bradycardia, or suppression of sympathetic neurogenic vasomotor tone elicited by microinjection bilaterally into the RVLM of a membrane-permeable SOD mimetic, Mn(III)-tetrakis-(4-benzoic acid) porphyrin (MnTBAP), was also significantly larger in SHR. Transfection bilaterally into the RVLM of adenoviral vectors encoding endothelial nitric oxide synthase resulted in suppression of arterial pressure, heart rate, and sympathetic neurogenic vasomotor tone in both WKY rats and SHR. Microinjection of MnTBAP into the RVLM of SHR further normalized those cardiovascular parameters to the levels of WKY rats. We conclude that an elevated level of O2.- in the RVLM is associated with hypertension in SHR. More importantly, this elevated O2.- may contribute to hypertension by reducing the NO-promoted cardiovascular depression. © 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Steroids, neuroactive steroids and neurosteroids in psychopathology; The term "neurosteroid" (NS) was introduced by Baulieu in 1981 to name a steroid hormone, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEAS), that was found at high levels in the brain long after gonadectomy and adrenalectomy, and shown later to be synthetized by the brain. Later, androstenedione, pregnenolone and their sulfates and lipid derivatives as well as tetrahydrometabolites of progesterone (P) and deoxycorticosterone (DOC) were identified as neurosteroids. The term "neuroactive steroid" (NAS) refers to steroids which, independent of their origin, are capable of modifying neural activities. NASs bind and modulate different types of membrane receptors. The GABA and sigma receptor complexes have been the most extensively studied, while glycine-activated chloride channels, nicotinic acetylcholine receptors, voltage-activated calcium channels, although less explored, are also modulated by NASs. Within the glutamate receptor family, N-methyl-d-aspartate (NMDA) receptors, α-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazolepropionic acid (AMPA) receptors and kainate receptors have also been demonstrated to be a target for steroid modulation. Besides their membrane effects, once inside the neuron oxidation of Ring A reduced pregnanes, THP and THDOC, bind to the progesterone intracellular receptor and regulate gene expression through this path. The involvement of NASs on depression syndromes, anxiety disorders, stress responses to different stress stimuli, memory processes and related phenomena such as long-term potentiation are reviewed and critically evaluated. The importance of context for the interpretation of behavioral effects of hormones as well as for hormonal levels in body fluids is emphasized. Some suggestions for further research are given. © 2004 Published by Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
The clinical course of interstitial pneumonia alias chronic fatigue syndrome under the control of megadose vitamin C infusion system with dehydroepiandrosterone-cortisol annex.; The year 1995 marked the onset of interstitial pneumonia spread in Nagoya, Japan. For the last 9 years, we have been accumulating clinical experience with the disease control using the combination of prophylactic use of anti-biotics and regular practice of megadose vitamin C infusion with either dehydroepiandrosterone-annex or dehydroepiandrosterone-cortisol annex. The purpose of this study is to assess the usefulness of our new treatment system for the control of interstitial pneumonia alias chronic fatigue syndrome. The results obtained are given as follows: i) The long-term maintenance of the above treatment system was effective not only for decreasing the risk for recurrence of active form pneumonia, but also for prevention of malignancy emergence in aged patients with interstitial pneumonia. ii) Evidence is presented to indicate that interstitial pneumonia was associated with increased risk for depression of which the emergence is a candidate subject causally related to the long-term use of glucocorticoid. iii) A patient with both interstitial pneumonia and depression was found to be less responsive to our treatment system. It is suggested that the use of more dehydroepiandrosterone at the sacrifice of cortisol in the infusion annex may be a choice for the control of both interstitial pneumonia and depression. iv) The description of chronic fatigue syndrome as regards the endocrinological, epidemiological and psychiatric characteristics are in good agreement with our experience on patients having interstitial pneumonia, evidence in support of our proposal that there is no convincing reasoning to separate chronic fatigue syndrome from interstitial pneumonia. v) The long-term practice of our treatment system for the control of interstitial pneumonia (an autoimmune disease) was found to suppress the inflammatory process but not the fibrotic process in the long run. vi) A few innovations were made in our treatment system to reduce the risk of bleeding or thrombosis--vascular complications of pneumonia. vii) The merit of our treatment system is to create a new hormonal environment to improve the state of immunodeficiency by use of a non-steroid substance--vitamin C which encounters little resistance from the feedback mechanism of steroid metabolism in the in vivo system. ER  - 
Affective psychosis following Accutane (isotretinoin) treatment; Isotretinoin (Accutane) ranks in the top 10 of the US Food and Drug Administration's database of drugs associated with reports of depression and suicide attempts. However, this association is still controversial because up to 5.6% of patients with moderate acne may have pre-existing suicidal ideations, improvement of acne often reduces associated depression, and isotretinoin users are reportedly no more likely than those taking antibiotics for acne to have depression or commit suicide. We describe a series of cases of manic psychosis that developed in a 1-year period (2003) in association with isotretinoin treatment and resulted in suicidality and progression to long-standing psychosis. Cases were drawn from 500 soldiers who had been evaluated in a military specialists dermatology clinic for severe acne. Data were summarized from medical records of five severe acne patients treated by isotretinion during their compulsory military service. Data from their draft board examinations and service records, as well as repeated clinical assessments by certified psychiatrists at the Israel Defense Forces (IDF) Mental Health Department clinic, were evaluated. Five young adults developed manic psychosis within a mean of 7.6 months of exposure to isotretinoin. In three cases, this was accompanied by a suicide attempt, and in three cases, psychosis lasted for longer than 6 months. Either a personal history of obsessive-compulsive disorder, neurological insult or family history of a major psychiatric illness were present in all cases. The present case-series is suggestive of an increase in the likelihood of an association between exposure to isotretinion and manic psychosis. Associated risk factors were both family and personal history of psychiatric morbidity. Further studies are needed to establish our findings. © 2005 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Glucocorticoids decrease thyrotropin-releasing hormone messenger ribonucleic acid expression in the paraventricular nucleus of the human hypothalamus; The way glucocorticoids affect TRH mRNA expression in the paraventricular nucleus of the hypothalamus is still unclear. In view of its relevance for Cushing's syndrome and depression, we measured TRH mRNA expression in human hypothalami obtained at autopsy by means of quantitative TRH mRNA in situ hybridization. In corticosteroid-treated subjects (n = 10), TRH mRNA hybridization signal was decreased as compared with matched control subjects (n = 10) (Mann-Whitney U test, P = 0.02). By inference, hypercortisolism as present in patients with Cushing's syndrome or major depression may contribute to lower serum TSH or symptoms of depression by lowering hypothalamic TRH expression. ER  - 
Conjugated linoleic acid attenuates the production and gene expression of proinflammatory cytokines in weaned pigs challenged with lipopolysaccharide; We investigated the anti-inflammatory role of conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) in inflammation-challenged weaned pigs and in in vitro cultured peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs). To test the hypothesis that inflammation responses can be attenuated by dietary CLA supplementation, we used an acute inflammation model in which pigs were injected with lipopolysaccharide (LPS). After 14 d of dietary supplementation with either 2% soybean oil or 2% CLA, half of the pigs in each diet group were challenged with LPS. Dietary CLA alleviated growth depression and prevented the elevations in production and mRNA expression of proinflammatory cytokines [i.e., interleukin (IL)-6 and tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-α] induced by the LPS challenge. CLA enhanced the expression of interleukin-10 (IL-10) and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ (PPARγ) in spleen and thymus. To further elucidate the inhibitory effects and the mechanism of action of CLA on cytokine profiles (i.e., IL-1β, IL-6, and TNF-α), PBMCs were isolated from weaned pigs and cultured in media containing cis-9, trans-11 (9c,11t) CLA and frans-10, cis-12 (10t,12c) CLA. Each CLA isomer suppressed the production and expression of IL-1β, IL-6, and TNF-α, and enhanced PPARγ activation and gene expression in cultured PBMCs. At the molecular level, the inhibitory actions of CLA on IL-1β, IL-6, and TNF-α are attributable mainly to 10t,12c-CLA and the anti-inflammatory properties of CLA are mediated, at least in part, through a PPARγ-dependent mechanism. ER  - 
Omega-3 fatty acids and neuropsychiatric disorders; Epidemiological evidence suggests that dietary consumption of the long chain omega-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), commonly found in fish or fish oil, may modify the risk for certain neuropsychiatric disorders. As evidence, decreased blood levels of omega-3 fatty acids have been associated with several neuropsychiatric conditions, including Attention Deficit (Hyperactivity) Disorder, Alzheimer's Disease, Schizophrenia and Depression. Supplementation studies, using individual or combination omega-3 fatty acids, suggest the possibility for decreased symptoms associated with some of these conditions. Thus far, however, the benefits of supplementation, in terms of decreasing disease risk and/or aiding in symptom management, are not clear and more research is needed. The reasons for blood fatty acid alterations in these disorders are not known, nor are the potential mechanisms by which omega-3 fatty acids may function in normal neuronal activity and neuropsychiatric disease prevention and/or treatment. It is clear, however, that DHA is the predominant n-3 fatty acid found in the brain and that EPA plays an important role as an anti-inflammatory precursor. Both DHA and EPA can be linked with many aspects of neural function, including neurotransmission, membrane fluidity, ion channel and enzyme regulation and gene expression. This review summarizes the knowledge in terms of dietary omega-3 fatty acid intake and metabolism, as well as evidence pointing to potential mechanisms of omega-3 fatty acids in normal brain functioning, development of neuropsychiatric disorders and efficacy of omega-3 fatty acid supplementation in terms of symptom management. © INRA, EDP Sciences, 2005. ER  - 
An introduction to dietary/supplemental omega-3 fatty acids for general health and prevention: Part I; The correction of a subtle nutritional deficiency that may reduce the risk of a future chronic disease is indeed a challenge. However, some specific examples in the past, such as the addition of folic acid to prevent neural tube defects and calcium and vitamin D to prevent osteoporosis, should provide some encouragement that some conditions can be prevented with the appropriate addition of a deficient compound. One of the most intriguing current and future impacts on public health may come from a greater intake of omega-3 fatty acids such as alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). The omega-3 fatty acids continue to accumulate research that suggests that may prevent a variety of diverse chronic diseases and potentially some acute clinical scenarios. In Part 1 of this manuscript the potential for these compounds to prevent certain cardiovascular conditions are discussed. In Part 2 the potential for an impact in arthritis, numerous areas of cancer research, depression, maternal and child health, neurological diseases, osteoporosis, and other medical disciplines are also briefly covered. The future appears bright for these agents, but specifically which conditions, who qualifies, testing, frequency, adequate sources, future trials and numerous other questions need to be addressed and answered before the potential impact can catch up to the recent hype. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
An introduction to dietary/supplemental omega-3 fatty acids for general health and prevention: Part II; The correction of a subtle nutritional deficiency that may reduce the risk of a future chronic disease is indeed a challenge. However, some specific examples in the past, such as the addition of folic acid to prevent neural tube defects and calcium and vitamin D to prevent osteoporosis, should provide some encouragement that some conditions can be prevented with the appropriate addition of a deficient compound. One of the most intriguing current and future impacts on public health may come from a higher intake of omega-3 fatty acids, such as alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). The omega-3 fatty acids continue to accumulate research that suggests that they may prevent a variety of diverse chronic diseases and potentially some acute clinical scenarios. In the first part of this article, the potential for these compounds to prevent certain cardiovascular conditions are discussed. In the second part, the potential for an impact in arthritis, numerous areas of cancer research, depression, maternal and child health, neurologic diseases, osteoporosis, and other medical disciplines are also briefly covered. The future appears bright for these agents, but specifically which conditions, who qualifies, testing, frequency, adequate sources, future trials, and numerous other questions need to be addressed and answered before the potential impact can catch up to the recent hype. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Acinetobacter and Staphylococcus aureus ulcerative keratitis after laser in situ keratomileusis treated with antibiotics and phototherapeutic keratectomy; PURPOSE: To report a method of treatment for through-the-flap multibacterial ulcerative keratitis after laser in situ keratomileusis (LASIK). METHODS: Bacterial ulcerative keratitis after LASIK was treated with topical and systemic antibiotics followed by flap lifting, cleaning, and phototherapeutic keratectomy (PTK). Follow-up examinations included in vivo confocal microscopy, corneal topography, and wavefront analysis. RESULTS: Rapid recovery of the ulcerative keratitis was observed after flap lifting and cleaning of the interface and PTK combined with topical and systemic antibiotics. Two years postoperatively, corneal topography showed a slight depression of the ulcer area and decentration of the photoablation. Wavefront analysis revealed an irregular scan with a pronounced coma-like aberration, which with a wavefront-guided custom test lens correction provided 20/16 visual acuity. CONCLUSIONS: Ulcerative bacterial keratitis is a possible sight-threatening complication of LASIK refractive surgery. Lifting and rinsing the flap combined with cleaning of the flap interface with PTK may be helpful in these conditions when regression of the ulcer does not occur with topical and oral antibiotic treatment. ER  - 
Association between oxidative stress and psychosocial processes in the elderly; Objective: To analyse the associations among oxidative stress variables and psychological and social variables. Material and method: The associations among oxidative stress variables and emotional, cognitive and social variables were studied using a correlational method. Data were gathered in the context of a controlled nutritional intervention, as described in a previous study. Results: Correlations were estimated based on 63 measurements carried out in 21 subjects. Significant correlations (p > 0.01) were found among glutation reductase (GR) and depression, dissatisfaction with solitude and attitude towards ageing. Significant correlations (p > 0.05) were also found between substances that react with thiobarbituric acid (TBARS) and social networks and support. However, the most consistent pattern of associations was found between satisfaction with the activities of the nursing home (R2 = 0.30 p < 0.001) and oxidation end-products: TBARSP in plasma and TBARSM in erythrocyte membrane and antioxidant variables such as GR and total antioxidant substances. No significant correlations were found among variables related to oxidation end-products and cognitive variables. Conclusion: The most important conclusion of this study is the relationship found between oxidative stress and the variables of emotional satisfaction with the immediate environment. ER  - 
In chronic fatigue syndrome, the decreased levels of omega-3 poly-unsaturated fatty acids are related to lowered serum zinc and defects in T cell activation; There is now evidence that major depression is accompanied by decreased levels of ω3 poly-unsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), such as eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). There is a strong comorbidity between major depression and chronic fatigue syndrome (CFS). The present study has been carried out in order to examine PUFA levels in CFS. In twenty-two CFS patients and 12 normal controls we measured serum PUFA levels using gas chromatography and mass spectrometry. We found that CFS was accompanied by increased levels of ω6 PUFAs, i.e. linoleic acid and arachidonic acid (AA), and mono-unsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs), i.e. oleic acid. The EPA/AA and total ω3/ω6 ratios were significantly lower in CFS patients than in normal controls. The ω3/ω6 ratio was significantly and negatively correlated to the severity of illness and some items of the FibroFatigue scale, i.e. aches and pain, fatigue and failing memory. The severity of illness was significantly and positively correlated to linoleic and arachidonic acid, oleic acid, ω9 fatty acids and one of the saturated fatty acids, i.e. palmitic acid. In CFS subjects, we found significant positive correlations between the ω3/ω6 ratio and lowered serum zinc levels and the lowered mitogen-stimulated CD69 expression on CD3+, CD3+CD4+, and CD3+CD8+ T cells, which indicate defects in early T cell activation. The results of this study show that a decreased availability of ω3 PUFAs plays a role in the pathophysiology of CFS and is related to the immune pathophysiology of CFS. The results suggest that patients with CFS should respond favourably to treatment with - amongst other things - ω3 PUFAs, such as EPA and DHA. © Neuroendocrinology Letters. ER  - 
Enteral drug absorption in patients with short small bowel: A review; Drug therapy may become difficult when a significant amount of the small intestine is resected, as happens in patients with a short small bowel. Drug absorption from the gastrointestinal tract is altered in these patients; however, this effect is variable in patients and differs with each drug. Literature regarding clinical outcomes of normal or alternative administration routes in patients with a short small bowel is limited. We explored what is written about the normal absorption of commonly used drugs and what difference the resection of different but substantial parts of the small intestine makes. Changes in the gastrointestinal tract after resection of >50% of the small intestine causes malabsorption of macronutrients and micronutrients, and may alter the drug absorption process. The metabolic activity of the abundantly present intestinal lactobacilli can also affect the enteral drug absorption in patients with short small bowel as this results in the production of lactic acid, gaseous CO2, ethanol and an increased bile acid deconjugation. Accelerated intestinal luminal transit time causes a reduction in absorption of certain antimicrobial agents, digoxin, hydrochlorothiazide, ciclosporin, cimetidine, mesalazine (5-aminosalicylic acid), oral contraceptives and levothyroxine. Gastric hypersecretion and lack of sufficient contact time with the intestinal mucosa in patients with short small bowel leads to insufficient absorption of drugs such as omeprazole. Successful treatment with warfarin, tricyclic antidepressants, metronidazole, fluconazole, procainamide, sotalol and pindolol are reported in several studies. Many different factors cause this variability in drug absorption in such patients. Monitoring the serum drug concentration in these patients may ease dealing with the management problems. ER  - 
Drug prescribing pattern and disease pattern in KMC Duwakot Health Center; Objective: To ascertain the disease pattern and drug prescribing pattern of the patients attending Kathmandu Medical College Health Center, Duwakot. Methods: It is a cross sectional study conducted at Kathmandu Medical College (KMC) health Center, Duwakot during the month of Ashad to Mangshir, 2060. The sample size included was 292 patients attending the Health Center during this period. Prescription details were used as study tools to acquire information regarding patient's name, age, complaints for which consultation was sought, investigations, diagnosis, name of the drug which is prescribed and instruction for diet. Results: Age of patients in this study ranged from 0-80 years. A total of 165 (56.50%) were male and 127 (43.49%) were female. Out of 165 male of different age group ranging from 0-80 years, most of the patient i.e. 25(15.15%) were suffering from viral fever followed by cut/injury, allergy, diarrhoea, abdomen pain, fungal infection, HTN (hypertension), cold/cough/sore throat, sinusitis, muscular skeletal pain, joint pain, contact dermatitis, acute peptic disease (APD), headache, worm infestation, tonsillitis, pharyngitis, dizziness, eye infection, chest infection, calf and backache, viral rashes, hypo pigmentation, tension/depression, Urinary tract infection (UTI), coliolilethis, diabetes, p/r bleeding and insect bite poisoning. Out of 127 female of different age group ranging from 0-80 years 21 (16.54%) patients were suffering from viral fever, followed by backache, cold/cough / sore throat, allergy, weakness, acne, diarrhoea, sinusitis, flue, pneumonia, headache, acid peptic disease, dysmenorrhoea, Lower Respiratory Tract Infection and Upper Respiratory Tract Infection, muscular skeletal pain, joint pain, eye infection, Urinary Tract Infection, hypertension, abdomen pain, tonsillitis, tinea corporis, rhinitis, ear problems, insect bite poisoning, CSOM, trichiasis, uteric colic, otitis media, entropion and epiphora, worm infestation and pharyngitis. All together 384 drugs (23 category) were distributed to the different patient of different age group ranging from 0-80 years, to cure the different types of diseases. Among the different categories of drugs prescribed antipyretic (31.8%), antibiotics (17.2%) and (Non steroid Antiinflammatory Drugs (NSAIDs) (11.2%) were the most common. Conclusion: The assessment of the existing prescribing practices in a health facility helps to identify the specific drug use problems, which need to be understood before any meaningful intervention can take place. A prescription provides an insight into a prescriber's attitude to the disease being treated and the nature of health care delivery system in the community3. The average number of drugs per prescription is an important index of a prescription audit. It is preferable to keep the number of drugs per prescription as low as possible to minimize the risk of drug interactions, development of bacterial resistance and hospital costs 9. ER  - 
Reduced glucocorticoid and estrogen receptor alpha messenger ribonucleic acid levels in the amygdala of patients with major mental illness; The amygdala is a limbic structure involved in the stress response and the regulation of emotional behaviors, both of which are disrupted in patients with neuropsychiatric illnesses. Because glucocorticoids are mediators of the stress response, we hypothesized that glucocorticoid receptor (GR) messenger ribonucleic acid (mRNA) levels might be altered in the amygdala. We also hypothesized that estrogen receptor α (ERα) mRNA expression might be altered in the amygdala, on the basis of observed gender differences in mental illness. Using quantitative film autoradiography after in situ hybridization with human GR and ERα probes, we measured mRNA levels on adjacent amygdala sections in four groups (n = 15 each of subjects with schizophrenia, major depressive disorder, and bipolar disorder, and unaffected control subjects) provided by the Stanley Consortium. We detected main effects of diagnosis and exposure to antidepressant medication on the levels of both mRNAs but no main effect of gender. Compared with control subjects, GR mRNA expression was reduced in the basolateral/lateral nuclei in schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Estrogen receptor α mRNA levels were reduced in the basomedial nucleus in major depressive disorder and bipolar disorder. Our results support and extend previous findings describing a pattern of steroid hormone mRNA alterations that differs depending on which brain region is being examined in a given mental illness. ER  - 
Chronic hepatic disease and dietary instruction; Protein-energy malnutrition (PEM) is a prevalent observation in cirrhotic patients. In advanced cirrhotic patients with hepatic encephalopathy, dietary protein should be restricted to the low level of 0.5 g/kg/day. In such a strictly protein restricted diet, branched amino acid-enriched nutritious products should be prescribed to improve PEM. Avoidance of day-time or nocturnal fasting by frequent meals and late evening snacks is another recommendation for prevention of PEM. The n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) modulate lymphocyte proliferation and eicosapetaenoic acid (EPA) up-regulates the metabolic action of insulin. The dietary n-6/n-3 PUFA ratio should be maintained between 2.8 and 3.2 in chronic liver disease. Oxidative stress is suggested as a trigger in the progression of chronic liver disease. Antioxidant vitamins; Vitamins A, E and C and carotenes may be useful to prevent the progression of chronic liver disease. Zinc depression occurs in advanced liver disease and it reduces taste and immune function. A goal of dietary management in chronic liver disease should be preventing PEM and blocking progression to hepatic cancer, and improving quality of life. © 2004 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
A contribution to the current in post-borrelia syndrome; The paper concerns with subjective complaints in patients after lege-artis treated neuroborreliosis (NB). This retrospective study included 88 patients, who responded to a questionnaire regarding further development of their disease. At the time of our follow-up, the patients had clinical disease compatible with NB, together with a positive antibody index CSF/serum and/or positive PCR in the CSF. The most common clinical manifestation of NB was Bannwarth syndrome (26 patients) and mild meningitis or meningo-encephalitis (34 patients), 8 patients had meningoencephaloradiculitis, 10 had meningomononeuritis (n. VIIth lesion). Five patients had clinical manifestations of artralgias with headache. Subjective symptoms disappeared within 6 months after treatment in 42 patients (49 %), within 1 year in another 10 (8%), in 3 patients, the problems persisted for up to 3 years (3 %) and in 33 (37%) the problems lasted more than 3 years. Objective neurological findings have normalized immediately after therapy in 49 patients (56%), very mild neurological changes were found in 24 (27%) of those followed-up, in 14 patients (17%), the findings were more extensive. Six months after therapy, neurological findings were normalized in 72 patients (82%) and 11 (13%) had very mild residual findings. In five patients (5%), more significant changes persisted. The most frequent subjective complaints in patients after therapy were headache (65, 74%), psychic complaints (tension, depression, fatigue - 61, 69%), joint pain (33, 38%) and muscle pain (20, 23%). Despite the high percentage of patients having subjective complaints in the subsequent course of the disease, only 8 patients sought further medical help for borreliosis and none of those underwent repeat treatment with antibiotics. Based upon these results, post-borrelia syndrome can be expected in a subset of patients. ER  - 
Omega-3 PUFA of marine origin limit diet-induced obesity in mice by reducing cellularity of adipose tissue; Omega-3 PUFA of marine origin reduce adiposity in animals fed a high-fat diet. Our aim was to learn whether EPA and DHA could limit development of obesity and reduce cellularity of adipose tissue and whether other dietary FA could influence the effect of EPA/DHA. Weight gain induced by composite high-fat diet in C57BL/6J mice was limited when the content of EPA/DHA was increased from 1 to 12% (wt/wt) of dietary lipids. Accumulation of adipose tissue was reduced, especially of the epididymal fat. Low ratio of EPA to DHA promoted the effect. A higher dose of EPA/DHA was required to reduce adiposity when admixed to diets that did not promote obesity, the semisynthetic high-fat diets rich in EFA, either α-linolenic acid (ALA, 18:3 n-3, the precursor of EPA and DHA) or linoleic (18:2 n-6) acid. Quantification of adipose tissue DNA revealed that except for the diet rich in ALA the reduction of epididymal fat was associated with 34-50% depression of tissue cellularity, similar to the 30% caloric restriction in the case of the high-fat composite diet. Changes in plasma markers and adipose gene expression indicated improvement of lipid and glucose metabolism due to EPA/DHA even in the context of the diet rich in ALA. Our results document augmentation of the antiadipogenic effect of EPA/DHA during development of obesity and suggest that EPA/DHA could reduce accumulation of body fat by limiting both hypertrophy and hyperplasia of fat cells. Increased dietary intake of EPA/DHA may be beneficial regardless of the ALA intake. ER  - 
Epidemiology: past, present and future.; Epidemiology in the past was concerned essentially by the study of infectious diseases which were the cause of huge mortalities especially since urbanisation was initiated. Epidemics of pest, typhus, cholera, influenza a.o. were common. The epidemics were halted by better hygiene, vaccination and antibiotics. Since the second world war epidemiology was dominated by an "epidemic" of new chronic diseases, especially heart disease and cancer. This was due to an increase in life span and to an increase in smoking habits and in the intake of saturated fat and a too small intake of fruit and vegetables combined with a too high intake of salt (NaCl). Gradually epidemiology evolved as the study of the causes, the distribution, the risk factors and the prevention of chronic diseases, but also including accidents, suicide, depression a.o., diseases with a mass occurrence at the population level. The importance of nutrition as a determinant of health gradually became recognized, but remains undervalued by the medical profession. Mortality at the population level follows some simple mathematical laws and can be represented accurately (r2>0.99) between the ages of 35 and 84 year by either Gompertz equations (ln mortality versus age) or by a polynomial equation (ln mortality versus age, age2). This is valid for all populations and both sexes and remains valid at times of great and rapid changes in mortality. This shows that measures for prevention should be directed towards the total population. The future of epidemiology should be directed towards the slowing of the ageing process at the population level by a healthy life style consisting of: not smoking, avoiding obesity, a fair amount of physical activity and a healthy nutrition i.e little salt, little saturated fat, an adequate amount of omega-3 fatty acids and a large amount of fruit and vegetables, with an occasional glass of red wine. This contains the secret of a long and healthy life. Conceptually it will be important to determine whether a maximum human life span, genetically determined, exists. A maximal rectangularization of the mortality curve should then be the ultimate goal. At the same time the possible re-emergence of old and new infectious diseases (SARS, Ebola, BSE, AIDS) should be kept in mind. ER  - 
Serotonin and psychopathology; Serotonin, a neurotransmitter discovered about 70 years ago, is involved in several physiological processes within the central nervous system. Its derangement underlies symptoms involved in many psychopathological dimensions. Improved imaging, neurophysiological and neurochemical techniques allowed for better studying its role in various psychiatric disorders. Brain imaging studies showed decreased serotonergic transmission in the median raphe nucleus and its prefrontal projections in depressed patients, metabolic studies showed decreased plasma availability of its precursor in depression, post-mortem studies showed up-regulated brain 5-HT2 and 5-HT1A receptors and decreased serotonin transporter (5-HTT) levels in depressed patients, as well as autoreceptor down-regulation after chronic selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) treatment, chemical assays revealed decreased cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) levels of the serotonin metabolite 5-hydroxyindole acetic acid (5-H1AA), especially in relation to aggressive behavior directed to oneself or others, binding studies showed 5-HTT down-regulation in platelets of depressed patients which is stronger in women and in patients at higher risk for suicide, finally, neuroendocrine studies are consistent with impaired serotonin transmission in depression. In obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), reduced 5-HTT function correlates with symptom severity and SSRI responsiveness. Genetic studies yielded controversial results as for the 5-HTT in this disorder, but showed functional polymorphism for both postsynaptic 5-HT2A receptor and terminal 5-HT1D autoreceptor. Studies of second messengers seem to indicate an imbalance between cyclic AMP and phosphoinoside-related intracellular processes towards the latter and SSRIs appear to interfere with the phosphoinositide cycle, upregulating neurotrophic factors involved in brain plasticity, such BDNF and CREB, which are the target of the action of the 5-HT2C receptor. Neuroendocrine challenge studies also show blunted ACTH response to CRH in OCD patients and this is matched by increased CSF levels of ACTH in both patients with OCD and Tourette disorder, a disorder of the OCD spectrum, which is also characterized by decreased post-mortem serotonin and 5-H1AA brain levels. Various disorders of the OCD spectrum show reduced platelet 5-HTT levels. In patients with panic disorder, neuroendocrine and platelet serotonin reuptake studies yielded inconsistent results; a positron emission tomography (PET) study showed short 5-HTT gene promoter variant polymorphism in subjects with increased amygdalar sensitivity and higher trait and state anxiety levels. In social phobia (SPh), neuroendocrine challenge studies did not differentiate index subjects from controls except for two studies showing increased plasma cortisol response to fenfluramine, but abnormal activation of the amygdala was shown after exposure to fearful stimulation in subjects with SPh, which normalized after SSRI treatment. In eating disorders and psychoses, changes in serotonergic transmission are controversial and could be nonspecific. ER  - 
Oral vaccines for finfish: academic theory or commercial reality?; Aquaculture is the fastest growing food-producing sector, providing an acceptable supplement to and substitute for wild fish and plants. Increased production intensification, particularly in high-value species, involves substantial stress, which, as in other captive livestock species, has resulted in outbreaks of major diseases and related mortalities. Widespread use of antibiotics has led to the development of antibiotic-resistant bacteria and the accumulation of antibiotics in the environment and the flesh of fish. Thus, recently effort has been dedicated to vaccine development. Vaccination in fish is complicated by their aquatic environment. Individual injections are labor-intensive and stressful, since fish have to be removed from the water and anaesthetized. Some vaccines offer a limited duration of protection, and thus booster applications are required. In salmonid species, many commercial vaccines use oil-based adjuvants, resulting in a greatly improved duration of protection. However, oil-based adjuvants have been related to significant growth depression, internal adhesions and injection site melanization, resulting in carcass downgrading. Oral administration to aquatic species is by far the most appealing method of vaccine delivery: there is no handling of the fish, which reduces stress; and administration is easy and suitable for mass immunization. However, few oral vaccines have been commercialized, due in part to the increased quantity of antigen required to provoke an immune response, and the lack of an adequate duration of protection. For effective oral delivery, protective antigens must avoid digestive hydrolysis and be taken up in the hindgut in order to induce an effective protective immune response. Antigen encapsulation technologies have been used to protect antigen; however, such strategies can be expensive and are not always effective. Alternative approaches, currently under development, are discussed. ER  - 
Onlay technique in hernia surgery of incisional hernia; In hernia surgery, treating the scar without a mesh leads to a high recurrence rate. The latter could be markedly reduced by the use of mesh prostheses. In hernias of the ventral abdominal wall, we mainly applied the onlay technique; from 1995 to 2002 we treated 107 patients by using a polypropylene mesh for reinforcement in the anterior rectus sheath. Hernias measuring 3-25 cm were reinforced longitudinally with mesh; the mean size of the hernial opening was 120 cm2. No intraoperative complications were observed. Immediately after operation, 10 patients (9.3%) developed a wound infection. In 2 patients the mesh had to be removed because of the wound infection; the remaining 8 patients could be treated conservatively with antibiotics. The minimum observation period was 1 year. On average the patients were followed up 4.2 years postoperatively. A total of 83 patients (77.6%) were followed 9 (8.4%) of whom developed a recurrence. One patient had chronic pain in the operation site since the mesh had been inserted. This patient had age-related depression before surgery. After the operation, his symptoms were focused on the abdominal wall. Our results confirm the onlay technique a good procedure for incisional hernia repair - a simple surgical technique with a low recurrence rate. However, the superficial position of the prosthesis proved to be a disadvantage; it led to a high infection rate. In a few cases the infected prosthesis had to be removed. In prospective randomized studies, the onlay technique should be compared with other surgical procedures for the treatment of hernias of the ventral abdominal wall, namely the sublay technique, the reinforced tension line technique, and laparoscopic methods. These studies will reveal the optimum surgical procedure for the treatment of ventral hernias according to their size and mesh ruptures as well as the best treatment for particularly large hernias. © 2003 S. Karger GmbH. ER  - 
Nutrients, neurodevelopment, and mood; Human neurodevelopment is the result of genetic and environmental interactions. This paper examines the role of prenatal nutrition relative to psychiatric disorders and explores the relationship among nutrients, mood changes, and mood disorders. Epidemiologic studies have found that adults who were born with a normal, yet low birth weight have an increased susceptibility to diseases such as coronary heart disease, diabetes, and stroke in adulthood. Prenatal caloric malnutrition, low birth weight, and prematurity also increase the risk for neurodevelopmental disorders, schizophrenia, affective disorders, and schizoid and antisocial personality disorders. Placebo-controlled studies in medicated patients suggest that add-on treatment with omega-3 fatty acids, particularly eicosapentaenoic acid, may ameliorate symptoms of major depressive disorder. Additional studies are necessary to confirm any benefits for bipolar disorders. Copyright © 2004 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
A new regulation of non-capacitative calcium entry in insect pacemaker neurosecretory neurons: Involvement of arachidonic acid, no-guanylyl cyclase/cGMP, and cAMP; Efferent dorsal unpaired median neurons are pacemaker neurosecretory cells. A Ca2+ background current contributing to the pacemaker activity of cockroach dorsal unpaired median neurons is up-regulated by neurohormone D (NHD), an octapeptide belonging to the adipokinetic hormone family. This modulation accelerates spiking and increases [Ca2+]i. Using patch clamp, calcium imaging, and immunocytochemistry, we investigated the signaling pathway of NHD-induced current modulation. The membrane depolarization produced by NHD was related to the increase in membrane conductance for Ca2+, Ba2+, or Sr2+. This increase was abolished by LOE 908, an inhibitor of noncapacitive Ca2+ entry (NCCE), and it was strongly attenuated by the phospholipase C inhibitor U37122 and the diacylglycerol lipase inhibitor RHC80267. Arachidonic acid and ETYA mimicked the NHD effect on background current. This was abolished by L-NAME and ODQ, inhibitors of NO synthase and NO-sensitive guanylyl cyclase, respectively, but mimicked by the NO donor sodium nitroprusside and 8-bromo-cGMP. Immunocytochemistry using cGMP antibodies indicated that NHD and ETYA increase cGMP. Inhibition of protein kinase G with KT5823 and R p-8-pCPT-cGMPS had no effect, whereas zaprinast, a cGMP-specific phosphodiesterase 5,6,9 inhibitor, mimicked the NHD effect. Furthermore, inhibition of the cGMP-activated phosphodiesterase 2 by EHNA and trequinsin abolished the effect of NHD. We conclude that the final step of the NHD signal transduction is the phosphodiesterase 2-induced down-regulation of the cAMP level. This removes a depression of NCCE directly attributed to cAMP because inhibition of protein kinase A with KT5720, Rp-cAMPS, and PKI14-22 amide did not mimic the NHD effect. We also demonstrate that any mechanism increasing the cGMP level can induce NCCE. ER  - 
Bioavailability and lack of toxicity of S-adenosyl-L-methionine (SAMe) in humans; Study Objective. To determine if S-adenosyl-L-methionine (SAMe), a widely used dietary supplement with antidepressant properties, is significantly bioavailable, and whether toxic methylated compounds are produced with oral SAMe administration in humans. Serum homocysteine levels were also measured since alterations in these levels have been theorized in association with SAMe. Design. Unblinded pharmacokinetic trial. Subjects. Fifteen healthy volunteers. Setting. Clinical research unit in a psychiatric hospital. Intervention. Subjects received oral SAMe for 4 weeks; the dosage was titrated over 5 days to 1600 mg/day. Serum levels of SAMe, toxic methylated compounds (methanol, formaldehyde, and formic acid), and homocysteine were measured at baseline and at weeks 2 and 4. At baseline, a structured clinical interview for axis I disorders (Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fourth Edition) was completed to assess for any undiagnosed psychiatric disorders. Mood was rated at baseline and at weeks 2 and 4 using the Zung Depression Rating Scale, Young Mania Rating Scale, Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale, Clinical Global Impression Scale, and the Global Assessment of Function Scale. Measurements and Main Results. After oral administration, SAMe levels were significantly elevated. Slight, likely insignificant, elevations in serum formaldehyde levels were detected in three subjects. No subject exhibited elevated homocysteine levels during SAMe treatment. One subject developed a transient mixed manic state with suicidal ideation within 2 weeks of starting SAMe; she recovered fully within 3 days of discontinuing the compound. Conclusion. Oral dosages of 1600 mg/day of SAMe appear to be significantly bioavailable and nontoxic, at least regarding toxic methylated metabolites and homocysteine. However, the risk of mania in vulnerable individuals remains a serious concern. ER  - 
Drug safety revisions: FDA update; The FDA has issued new labeling changes for efavirenz, rituximab, levothyroxine, zoledronic acid, infliximab, and some of the second-generation antidepressants. ER  - 
Neurosteroids and σ1 receptors, biochemical and behavioral relevance; The σ1 receptor is a 223 amino acid protein sharing no homology with other mammalian protein. It is an intracellular protein present on the endoplasmic reticulum membrane, which can translocates to other organelles and plasma membranes after activation. Activation of the σ1 receptor results in modulation of calcium mobilization from inositol trisphosphate receptor-gated intracellular pools and, at the plasma membrane, in modulation of several neurotransmitter responses. Behaviorally, σ1 receptors are involved in learning and memory, response to stress and depression, psychostimulant-induced sensitization, vulnerability to addiction and pain perception. Numerous synthetic compounds bind to σ1 receptor, playing the role of activator/agonist or blocker/antagonist, and these include benzomorphans, neuro-leptics, antidepressants, cocaine, peptides related to neuropeptide Y or calcitonin gene-related peptide. It is also the case of neuro(active)steroids, i.e., circulating neuroactive steroids and neurosteroids synthesized de novo by the brain, which appear as the most important endogenous modulators of σ1 receptor. Pregnenolone and dehydroepiandrosterone act as σ1 receptor agonists and progesterone is a potent antagonist. The present paper will review the molecular and biochemical features concerning the σ1 receptor and focus on the recent studies examining the impact of the neuro(active)steroid/σ1 receptor interaction on the antidepressant activity of σ1 receptor agonists in the context of neurodegenerative diseases. ER  - 
Psychotropic effects of COX-2 inhibitors - A possible new approach for the treatment of psychiatric disorders; Cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) - constitutively expressed in the CNS - is suggested to have an important functional role in the CNS. COX-2 interacts with neurotransmitters such as acetylcholine, serotonin, and glutamate, but is also involved in the regulation of immune system and in inflammation in the central nervous system (CNS) via effects of prostaglandins, in particular prostaglandin E2. Recently, a role for the new generation of selective COX-2 inhibitors in the treatment of psychiatric disorders is discussed. Until now, COX-2 inhibitors have failed to show therapeutic effects in Alzheimer's disease, but studies from basic research point to a possible effect on cognition. A clinical effect of the COX-2 inhibitor celecoxib on cognition was observed in schizophrenic patients. The therapeutic effect of celecoxib add-on treatment to the atypical antipsychotic risperidone, however, is not restricted to cognition. A general effect on symptoms of schizophrenia was observed, which supports the view that an immunological/inflammatory process is involved in the pathogenesis of schizophrenia. In depression, however, signs of inflammation have been described since many years. Although results of clinical studies with COX-2 inhibitors in depression are still lacking, clinical improvement of a depressive syndrome has been observed in patients, who have been treated with rofecoxib due to other indications. These preliminary clinical data are encouraging for therapeutic effects of the selective COX-2 inhibitors in psychiatric disorders, although these effects have to be confirmed in bigger clinical studies. ER  - 
Perineal puborectalis sling operation for fecal incontinence: Preliminary report; PURPOSE: This study was designed to evaluate the safety, efficacy, and impact on quality of life of the perineal puborectalis sling operation for fecal incontinence. METHODS: Since August 2001, we performed the perineal puborectalis sling operation on eight patients with idiopathic fecal incontinence. A specially designed polyester mesh sling was introduced along the puborectalis muscle, from a posterior perianal incision, running to a small suprapubic incision. The ends were tied together with moderate tension. Patients were evaluated with the Fecal Incontinence Severity Index, the Cleveland Clinic Score of Incontinence, and the Fecal Incontinence Quality of Life Scale. Manometry and defecography were performed before and six months after the operation. RESULTS: Eight patients (7 females; mean age, 63 (range, 44-77) years) were evaluated. A wound infection developed in one patient, which subsided with antibiotics. A rectal ulcer developed in one patient, necessitating sling removal. In the remaining seven patients, the Fecal Incontinence Severity Index improved from 27 to 9, and the Cleveland Clinic Score of Incontinence improved from 13 to 5 (P < 0.05). All parameters in the Fecal Incontinence Quality of Life Scale improved: lifestyle from 2.1 to 3.6; coping/behavior from 1.5 to 3.4; depression/self perception from 2.3 to 3.7; and embarrassment from 2 to 3.6 (P < 0.05). No significant difference was found between preoperative and postoperative maximum resting pressure and maximum squeeze pressure. However, the median anorectal angle on defecography after the operation was significantly reduced (P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: We believe that the perineal puborectalis sling operation is technically feasible, with low morbidity, and can be an effective procedure for idiopathic fecal incontinence. ER  - 
Treatment of episodic and chronic tension-type headache in children and adolescents; Children frequently suffer from migraine or tension-type headaches, and the headache pain not only interferes with a patient's life but can affect his entire family. Headache management includes not only pharmacological agents but also a complete assessment of the patient's life-style and possible stressor factors, as well as an accurate assessment of his or her present episodic therapy. Stress may play a role in precipitating headache attacks, and it is crucial to keep in mind that school and interpersonal relationships are the most significant stressor factors in the adolescent life. Several factors must be considered to achieve successful treatment. The medication must be given as early as possible and the dose administered must be sufficient. Paracetamol can still be considered as the treatment of first choice. Ibuprofen and acetylsalicylic acid should be used in patients refractory to paracetamol. There are no controlled studies on the pharmacological prophylaxis of tension-type headache in children and adolescents. However, amitriptyline may be used considering its efficacy in adults and some experience with this compound in other conditions in childhood and adolescence. In children with a disturbed home life, significant depression, or abuse, family and individual psychoterapy are indicated. © Springer-Verlag Italia 2004. ER  - 
Polyunsaturated fatty acids in the central nervous system: Evolution of concepts and nutritional implications throughout life; Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6n-3) and arachidonic acid (AA, 20:4n-6) are the major polyunsaturated fatty acids in the membranes of brain and retinal cells. Animals specifically deficient in dietary n-3 fatty acids have low DHA content in their membranes, reduced visual acuity and impaired learning ability. Studies on bottle-fed human infants have shown that adding DHA and AA to milk replacer-formulas can bring their concentrations in the infant blood lipids to values as high as those produced by breast-feeding and significantly improves mental development and maturation of visual function. In older subjects, diverse neuropsychiatric and neurodegenerative diseases have been associated to decreased blood levels of n-3 PUFA. Low intakes of fish or of n-3 PUFA in populations have been associated with increased risks of depression and Alzheimer disease, and n-3 PUFA, especially eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, 20:5n-3), have shown efficacy as adjunctive treatment - and in some cases as the only treatment - in several psychiatric disorders. The mechanisms by which polyunsaturated fatty acids have an impact on neuronal functions will be reviewed: the modulation of membrane biophysical properties, regulation of neurotransmitter release, synthesis of biologically active oxygenated derivatives, and nuclear receptor-mediated transcription of genes responsive to fatty acids or to their derivatives. © INRA, EDP Sciences, 2005. ER  - 
Acute poisoning with emamectin benzoate; Background: Emamectin benzoate is the 4′-deoxy-4′-epi-methyl- amino benzoate salt of avermectin B1 (abamectin), which is similar structurally to natural fermentation products of Streptomyces avermitilis. Emamectin benzoate is being developed as a newer broad-spectrum insecticide for vegetables and has a very low application rate. The mechanism of action involves stimulation of high-affinity GABA receptors and a consequent increase in membrane chloride ion permeability. Animal studies indicate a wide margin of safety because mammalian species are much less sensitive due to lower GABA receptor affinities and relative impermeability of the blood-brain barrier. Notably, the literature has not reported human exposure resulting in toxicity. Case Report: This paper describes a case of acute poisoning with Proclaim insecticide (Syngenta, Taiwan), consisting of 2.15% w/w emamectin benzoate in 2, 6-bis (1, 1-dimethylethyl)-4-methyl-phenol and 1-hexanol. The clinical manifestation was transient gastrointestinal upset with endoscopy-proven gastric erosion and superficial gastritis, mild central nervous system depression, and aspiration pneumonia. No specific antidote exists for emamectin benzoate intoxication; this patient was treated successfully with gastric lavage, administration of activated charcoal, and empiric antibiotics. Drugs that enhance GABA activity such as barbiturates and benzodiazepines were avoided. ER  - 
Severe bone marrow depression induced by an anticancer herb Cantharanthus roseus; We report a 67-yr-old woman with hepatitis C-related liver cirrhosis and hepatoma who had developed severe bone marrow suppression after taking Cantharanthus roseus as an alternative anticancer treatment. The patient developed severe pancytopenia with initial presentations of vomiting, diarrhea, oral ulcer, and fever about 1 week after taking 5-days' course of Cantharanthus roseus. Bone marrow biopsy showed autolysis, which indicated massive necrosis of the hematopoietic cells. There was no malignant cell infiltration. The patient also had severe gastrointestinal disturbances, bacteremia, urinary tract infection, and impaired renal and liver function. Supportive care with broad-spectrum antibiotics, granulocyte colony-stimulating factor, repeated blood transfusions, and albumin supplement was given. She recovered and was discharged after 48 days hospitalization. Coadministration of Cantharanthus roseus and cisapride was noted, and these two drugs are both substrates of cytochrome P450 3A4 enzymes (CYP 3A4). Because the vinca alkaloids are extensively metabolized by the liver cytochrome P450 enzymes, poor hepatic function and drug-herb interaction might predispose the patient to develop the bone marrow toxicity. This case report demonstrated possible effect of oral dose of vinca alkaloids and also hinted that all the substrates and inhibitors of CYP 3A4 have propensity to interfere with metabolism of vinca alkaloids. ER  - 
GHB (γ-hydroxybutyrate) carrier-mediated transport across the blood-brain barrier; γ-Hydroxybutyrate (sodium oxybate, GHB) is an approved therapeutic agent for cataplexy with narcolepsy. GHB is widely abused as an anabolic agent, euphoriant, and date rape drug. Recreational abuse or overdose of GHB (or its precursors γ-butyrolactone or 1,4-butanediol) results in dose-dependent central nervous system (CNS) effects (respiratory depression, unconsciousness, coma, and death) as well as tolerance and withdrawal. An understanding of the CNS transport mechanisms of GHB may provide insight into overdose treatment approaches. The hypothesis that GHB undergoes carrier-mediated transport across the BBB was tested using a rat in situ brain perfusion technique. Various pharmacological agents were used to probe the pharmacological characteristics of the transporter. GHB exhibited carrier-mediated transport across the BBB consistent with a high-capacity, low-affinity transporter; averaged brain region parameters were Vmax = 709 ± 214 nmol/min/g, Km = 11.0 ± 3.56 mM, and CLns = 0.019 ± 0.003 cm 3/min/g. Short-chain monocarboxylic acids (pyruvic, lactic, and β-hydroxybutyric), medium-chain fatty acids (hexanoic and valproic), and organic anions (probenecid, benzole, salicylic, and α-cyano-4- hydroxycinnamic acid) significantly inhibited GHB influx by 35 to 90%. Dicarboxylic acids (succinic and glutaric) and γ-aminobutyric acid did not inhibit GHB BBB transport. Mutual inhibition was observed between GHB and benzoic acid, a well known substrate of the monocarboxylate transporter MCT1. These results are suggestive of GHB crossing the BBB via an MCT isoform. These novel findings of GHB BBB transport suggest potential therapeutic approaches in the treatment of GHB overdoses. We are currently conducting "proof-of- concept" studies involving the use of GHB brain transport inhibitors during GHB toxicity. ER  - 
Celecoxib-induced methemoglobinemia; OBJECTIVE: To report a case of acute methemoglobinemia in a patient treated with celecoxib for osteoarthritis. CASE SUMMARY: A 72-year-old African American man developed an acute confusional state (ACS) one month after receiving celecoxib for osteoarthritis of his knee joints. There was no other identifiable cause of ACS such as any recognized cause of metabolic encephalopathy, meningoencephalitis, cerebrovascular accident, or drug intoxication. He was found to have severe methemoglobinemia (serum methemoglobin fraction 9%; reference range 0-0.2). His symptoms improved substantially, and serum methemoglobin levels decreased to 0.7% after the initiation of methylene blue therapy. He was discharged on oral riboflavin and ascorbic acid and was advised not to restart celecoxib therapy. He had not shown any recurrence of the symptoms at a follow-up visit 2 months after the withdrawal of celecoxib. DISCUSSION: Celecoxib is a nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drug that selectively inhibits cyclooxygenase-2. Acute methemoglobinemia can present as a syndrome of nonspecific symptoms such as headache, nausea, fatigue, dyspnea, and lethargy; these may progress to respiratory depression, coma, shock, seizures, and death. Although acute methemoglobinemia has been reported with the use of several drugs, including sulfonamides, as of August 13,2004, this is the first case report of severe methemoglobinemia manifesting as ACS with celecoxib therapy. Use of the Naranjo probability scale indicated a probable relationship between the clinical manifestations of methemoglobinemia and celecoxib therapy in this patient. CONCLUSIONS: Celecoxib can be associated with acute methemoglobinemia. Prompt diagnosis of this condition, withdrawal of celecoxib, and treatment with the antagonists (methylene blue, ascorbic acid, riboflavin) can reverse this potentially serious condition. ER  - 
Recurrent meningitis in a patient with dorsal dermal sinus; A five-month-old boy was submitted with fever and developed signs of meningitis. Spinal fluid analysis showed signs of bacterial meningitis. The patient was treated with ampicillin/ ceftriaxone i.v. Seven to eight hours after the termination of antibiotic therapy, the meningitis recurred. A haemangioma with a central depression was noted in the midline lumbosacral region. MRI showed a dorsal dermal sinus and intraspinal lipoma in the lumbar region. The patient underwent surgery and was subsequently treated with antibiotics for three weeks. Cutaneous signs of dorsal dermal sinus should cause early referral to MRI. ER  - 
Changes in cerebrospinal fluid neurochemistry during pregnancy; Little is known about changes in brain function that may occur during pregnancy. Studies in rodents and sheep suggest that several brain neurotransmitter and neurohormonal systems known to modulate anxiety may be altered during pregnancy. Cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) and plasma samples were obtained from 21 women (during weeks 38-39 of pregnancy) who were undergoing elective cesarean section and from 22 healthy nonpregnant women. The CSF levels of g-aminobutyric acid (GABA) and 3-methoxy-4-hydroxyphenylglycolwere reduced in pregnant women. There were no changes in CSF glutamate, 5-hydroxyindoleactic acid, and homovanillic acid. There was a large increase in CSF prolactin in pregnant women and also a trend toward an elevation in CSF oxytocin. Levels of prolactin, but not oxytocin, in CSF and plasma were correlated in pregnant women. These results suggest that pregnancy alters regulation of brain GABA, norepinephrine, and prolactin, which may play a role in changes in vulnerability to anxiety and depression during pregnancy and postpartum. Prolactin circulating in the bloodstream seems to be the major source of CSF prolactin during pregnancy. ER  - 
Paclitaxel-loaded poly(L-lactic acid) microspheres 3: Blending low and high molecular weight polymers to control morphology and drug release; Microspheres were prepared from paclitaxel and binary polymer blends incorporating 1, 3, 40k and 100k g/mol PLLA. Thermal analysis was performed by DSC and in vitro paclitaxel release profiles were determined at 37°C in phosphate buffer using an HPLC assay. In microspheres made with 3k/40k PLLA blends, the glass transition (Tg), crystallinity and melting temperature (Tm) all decreased with an increasing proportion of low molecular weight polymer in the blend. Similar trends were observed for 1k/100k blends. Tm values ranged from 175 to 110°C and Tg values between 66 and 37°C. However, for 1k/100k blends, melting point depression was linearly dependent on blend composition when plotted as 1/T m = 0.000109 × (%1k in blend) + 0.0223, R2 = 0.97. A similar plot with data from the 3k/40k system yielded a non-linear relationship. Furthermore, the decrease in Tg for both 1k/100k and 3k/40k blends followed the Fox equation, although experimental values were consistently 1-2°C above predicted values. Paclitaxel release from microspheres made with a 1k/100k blend occurred in four distinct phases: a burst phase (day 0), a slower phase, a second burst (day 35) and a second slower phase (until day 70). The second burst coincided with visible degradation of the microspheres. Blends of low and high molecular weight PLLA display thermal properties indicating that 1k g/mol PLLA behaves as a diluent when blended with 100k g/mol PLLA, being excluded from the crystalline domains in the polymer matrix. In contrast, 3k g/mol PLLA is incorporated in both amorphous and crystalline regions of the polymer blend. Paclitaxel release profiles from 1k/100k PLLA microspheres demonstrate a multiphase profile due to the effects of both diffusion and degradation controlled release mechanisms. © 2004 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Monomodal rigid-body registration and applications to the investigation of the effects of eicosapentaenoic acid intervention in neuropsychiatric disorders; The technique of monomodal rigid-body registration of serial magnetic resonance scans based on the sinc ((sinz)/z) interpolation function and its application to neuropsychiatric disorders, such as schizophrenia, depression and Huntington's disease, in relation to the assessment of the cerebral effects of intervention with the n-3 highly unsaturated fatty acid eicosapentaenoic acid are described. The evidence thus far indicates that researchers investigating the benefits of treatment with essential fatty acids in neuropsychiatric disorders should consider utilizing this technique. © 2004 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Acidified litter benefits the intestinal flora balance of broiler chickens; The alterations in the balance of the normal intestinal bacterial flora of chickens exposed to acidified wood-derived litter were analyzed and compared to those of a control group exposed to nonacidified litter. A total of 1,728 broilers were divided into two groups, with six replicates in each. One group was exposed to dry wood-derived litter, and the other was exposed to dry wood-derived litter sprayed with a mixture of sodium lignosulfonate, formic acid, and propionic acid. At five different times, five chickens from each pen were killed and the intestinal contents from ileum and caeca were collected. The samples were dilated and plated onto selective media to identify coliforms, Lactobacillus spp., Clostridium perfringens, and Enterococcus spp. Covariance analysis of bacterial counts snowed significantly lower counts for C. perfringens in the caeca and the ileum and for Enterococcus spp. and Lactobacillus spp. in the ileum in chickens exposed' to the acidified litter. Lactobacillus spp. showed significantly higher counts in the caeca in chickens exposed to acidified litter. There was no difference between the two litters with regard to coliforms in the ileum and the caeca or to Enterococcus spp. in the caeca. The study shows that exposing the chickens to acidified litter lowers the intestinal bacterial number, especially in the ileum, without negative consequences for the chicken's health or performance. Of special interest are the lower counts of C. perfringens and Enterococcus spp. that might reduce the risk of developing clinical or subclinical necrotic enteritis and growth depression. ER  - 
Minocycline-induced hyperpigmentation treated with a 755-nm Q-switched alexandrite laser; BACKGROUND. Cutaneous pigmentation associated with minocycline therapy is an unusual adverse effect for which few successful treatments have been described. The pigment changes may persist for years, despite cessation of therapy, and is often cosmetically disfiguring, causing significant embarrassment and psychological depression in those affected. Few safe and effective treatments have been described in the past; however, recent pigment-specific laser technology has shown promise in the treatment of this condition. OBJECTIVE. The objective was to describe a series of patients with minocycline-induced hyperpigmentation who were successfully treated with a 755-nm Q-switched alexandrite laser. METHODS. Six patients with minocycline-induced hyperpigmentation on the face or legs were treated with a Q-switched alexandrite laser on a bimonthly basis until pigmentation was eradicated. RESULTS. Cutaneous pigmentation resolved completely in all patients in an average of four laser sessions. Side effects were limited to transient purpura and mild desquamation without scarring or dyspigmentation. CONCLUSION. Minocycline-induced cutaneous pigmentation can be effectively cleared without risk of adverse sequelae by Q-switched alexandrite (755-nm) laser irradiation. ER  - 
COX-2 inhibitors as adjunctive therapy in schizophrenia; Cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) is constitutively expressed in the central nervous system, and is thought to have an important functional role therein. COX-2 interacts with neurotransmitters such as acetylcholine, 5-hydroxytryptamine and glutamate but is also involved in the regulation of the central nervous system immune system and in inflammation via the effects of prostaglandins, in particular prostaglandin E2. A general therapeutic effect of the COX-2 inhibitor celecoxib on symptoms of schizophrenia was observed during a prospective, randomised, double-blind study of celecoxib add-on treatment to the atypical antipsychotic risperidone. The results from this trial of adjunctive therapy with a COX-2 inhibitor in schizophrenia are encouraging, and the findings support the view that an immunological/inflammatory process is involved in the pathogenesis of the disease. The add-on to an antipsychotic design of the study was chosen due to ethical reasons; in less acute schizophrenic states a monotherapy with COX-2 inhibitors would be interesting. From a theoretical point of view, other psychiatric indications for selective COX-2 inhibitors are discussed. COX-2 inhibitors have failed to show therapeutic effects in Alzheimer's disease but studies from basic research and a clinical perspective suggest it has an effect on disturbed cognition. In depression, however, signs of inflammation have been described for many years. Although results of clinical studies with COX-2 inhibitors in depression are still lacking, clinical improvement of a depressive syndrome has been observed in patients who have been treated with the COX-2 inhibitor rofecoxib due to other indications. These preliminary clinical data are encouraging for clinical therapeutic effects of the selective COX-2 inhibitors in psychiatric disorders, although these effects have to be confirmed in larger clinical studies. 2004 © Ashley Publications Ltd. ER  - 
Cancer cachexia; Causative factors: Nutritional supplementation or pharmacological manipulation of appetite are unable to control the muscle atrophy seen in cancer cachexia. This suggests that tumour and/or host factors might be responsible for the depression in protein synthesis and the increase in protein degradation. An increased expression of the ubiquitin-proteasome proteolytic pathway is responsible for the increased degradation of myofibrillar proteins in skeletal muscle, and this may be due to tumour factors, such as proteolysis-inducing factor (PIF), or host factors such as tumour necrosis factor-α (TNF-α). In humans loss of adipose tissue is due to an increase in lipolysis rather than a decrease in synthesis, and this may be due to tumour factors such as lipid-mobilising factor (LMF) or TNF-α, both of which can increase cyclic AMP in adipocytes, leading to activation of hormone-sensitive lipase (HSL). Levels of mRNA for HSL are elevated twofold in adipose tissue of cancer patients, while there are no changes in lipoprotein lipase (LPL), involved in extraction of fatty acids from plasma lipoproteins for storage. Treatment for cachexia: This has concentrated on increasing food intake, although that alone is unable to reverse the metabolic changes. Agents interfering with TNF-α have not been very successful to date, although more research is required in that area. The only agent tested clinically that is able to interfere with the action of PIF is eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA). EPA attenuates protein degradation in skeletal muscle by preventing the increased expression of the ubiquitin-proteasome pathway, but has no effect on protein synthesis. When used alone EPA prevents further wasting in cachectic patients, and, when it is combined with an energy- and protein-dense nutritional supplement, weight gain is seen, which is totally lean body mass. These results suggest that mechanistic studies into the causes of cancer cachexia will allow appropriate therapeutic intervention. ER  - 
Aortic valvular endocarditis in a dog; A 4-year-old German Shepherd was evaluated for progressive depression, lethargy, anorexia, and dyspnea. Despite treatment with diuretics and antibiotics, the dog died. Based on clinical, radiographic, and pathologic findings, the diagnosis was heart failure resulting from aortic valvular endocarditis. ER  - 
β-amyloid-mediated inhibition of NMDA receptor-dependent long-term potentiation induction involves activation of microglia and stimulation of inducible nitric oxide synthase and superoxide; The mechanisms underlying the inhibition of long-term potentiation (LTP) induction by amyloid β-peptide (Aβ) were investigated in the medial perforant path of the rat and mouse dentate gyrus in vitro. Evidence is presented in this study that the Aβ-mediated inhibition of LTP induction involves activation of microglia and production of reactive oxygen and nitrogen species. In control slices, Aβ strongly inhibited induction of NMDA receptor-dependent (NMDAR-dependent) LTP, although not induction of NMDAR-independent LTP or long-term depression (LTD). The inhibition of NMDAR-dependent LTP was prevented by minocycline, an agent that prevents activation of microglia. The involvement of inducible nitric oxide synthase (iNOS) was shown by the inability of Aβ to inhibit LTP induction in iNOS knock-out mice and also by the ability of two iNOS inhibitors, aminoguanidine and 1400W, to prevent the Aβ-mediated inhibition of LTP induction. The Aβ-mediated inhibition of LTP induction also was prevented by the superoxide scavenger superoxide dismutase applied together with catalase. Evidence for involvement of superoxide in the action of Aβ on LTP induction was shown by the ability of an inhibitor of NADPH oxidase to prevent the Aβ-mediated inhibition of LTP induction. The study thus provides evidence that the Aβ-mediated inhibition of LTP induction involves an inflammatory-type reaction in which activation of microglia results in the production of nitric oxide and superoxide and thence possibly peroxynitrite, a highly reactive oxidant. ER  - 
Perioperative immunonutrition ameliorates the postoperative immune depression in patients with gastrointestinal system cancer (prospective clinical study in 42 patients); Cancer surgery is a major challenge for patients to develop immune depression in postoperative period. Several cytokines can depress immune cell subpopulations. Increased cytokine response after surgery is assumed to arise mainly from lipooxygenase pathway acting on membrane arachidonic acid. Therefore; investigators focused their efforts to alter the membrane fatty acid profile by changing the nutritional regimen with ε-3 fatty acid supplementation and encouraging results were obtained after surgery. Despite the theoretical and clinical advantage of enteral nutrition many surgeons remain committed to parenteral nutrition for feeding of patients due to maintain bowel rest and fear of anastomosis leakage at the postoperative period. Several studies investigating role of the postoperative immunonutrition reported that beneficial immunological changes were associated with reduction of infectious complications. Interestingly; these findings were observed at least five days after the surgery in which the highest incidence of complications was seen. In this prospective study including 42 patients eligible for curative gastric or colon cancer surgery; we investigated the beneficial effect of enteral immunonutrition (EEN) compared to total parenteral hyperalimentation (TPN) beginning from the preoperative period. Cortisol and CRP levels as stress parameters significantly increased one day after surgery in both groups but they rapidly returned to (on POD1) preoperative baseline level in EEN group whereas these values remained high in the TPN group. Additionally a significant decrease in natural killer (NK) cells and CD8+ levels were observed in both groups. However they recovered on POD3 in EEN group and on POD6 in TPN group. CD4+ subset remained almost same as pre-operative value in the TPN group whereas it increased from (%) 40.14 to 46.40,51.29 and 54.7 on PO 6th hr, POD3 and POD6 in the EEN group. Our findings suggest that preoperative nutrition via the enteral route provided better regulation of postoperative immune system restoration than parenteral nutrition. On the basis of our findings we recommend enteral immunonutrition to be started at the preoperative period rather than postoperatively before a major operation whenever the enteral route is feasible. ER  - 
Strategy in the diagnosis and management of exacerbations of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD); The recommendations now in force do not include a precise definition of exacerbation - they only state that in stage I, mild degree of COPD, and in stage II, medium degree of COPD, exacerbation is accompanied by greater dyspnoea, often together with stronger coughing and greater sputum production. The treatment of such patients rarely requires hospital admission. In patients presenting with stage III (severe) and IV (very severe) of the disease, exacerbation may bring about or deteriorate dyspnoea and such patients are, therefore, mostly treated in hospital. The chief causes of exacerbations are infections of the tracheobronchial tree and polluted environment. During exacerbations we see bronchospasms, oedema of the bronchial mucosa and sputum stagnation. As the bronchial wall is in most instances already primarily thickened, there is a markedly higher resistance. This is due to the dependence of resistance on the value of the radius raised to the power four. The primary symptom of exacerbation is a feeling of difficult breathing, often accompanied by wheezing, a change in sputum colour or viscosity and fever. Exacerbations may also present as non-characteristic complaints such as nausea, insomnia or on the contrary drowsiness, tiredness, depression and confusion. Such nonspecific disorders tend to be overlooked or seen as symptoms of another disease. The treatment of exacerbations is symptomatic. For symptoms of obstruction we administer bronchodilators and corticosteroids, for hypoxaemia we administer oxygen, while signs of bacterial infections are treated with antibiotics. ER  - 
Vascular dementia; Vascular dementia is one of the most frequently occurring dementia syndromes. Its prevalence is about 5% among subjects above 85 years of age. Elevated blood pressure and atherosclerosis are the most important risk factors. According to international criteria, vascular dementia usually occurs within three months after having a stroke. However, the diagnosis can be difficult as some strokes are clinically 'silent' and may go unnoticed. Other factors may also contribute to the dementia syndrome, and concomitant depression may mask its clinical picture. In population studies, treatment of vascular risk factors is associated with a relatively low incidence of vascular dementia, but this effect has not been investigated in a randomized clinical trial. The value of acetylsalicylic acid in attenuating cognitive deterioration in patients with vascular dementia is uncertain. Acetylcholinesterase inhibitors may slow down cognitive decline not only in some patients with Alzheimer's disease but also in patients with vascular dementia. ER  - 
Panic disorder: Psychopathology, medical management and dental implications; Background. This article reviews the clinical features, epidemiology, pathophysiology, dental findings, and dental and medical management of the care of patients with panic disorder, or PD. Types of Studies Reviewed. The authors conducted a MEDLINE search for the period 1998 through 2003, using the key term "panic disorder" to define the pathophysiology of the disorder, its epidemiology and dental implications. The articles they selected for further review included those published in peer-reviewed journals. Results. PD is a common and debilitating psychiatric disease in which a person experiences sudden and unpredictable panic attacks, or PAs, with symptoms of overwhelming anxiety, chest pain, palpitations and shortness of breath. Persistent concern about having another attack and worry that it may indicate a heart attack or "going crazy" impairs the person's social, family and working lives. Frequently accompanying the disorder is agoraphobia, depression and mitral valve prolapse, or MVP. Clinical Implications. In patients with PD, the prevalence of dental disease may be extensive because of the xerostomic effects of psychiatric medications used to treat it. Dental treatment consists of preventive dental education and prescribing saliva substitutes and anticaries agents. Precautions must be taken when prescribing or administering analgesics, antibiotics or sedative agents that may have an adverse interaction with the psychiatric medications. Because there is a connection between PAs and MVP, the dentist needs to consult with the patient's physician to determine the presence of MVP and whether there is associated mitral valve regurgitation. Patients with MVP and accompanying mitral valve regurgitation require prophylactic antibiotics when undergoing dental procedures known to cause a bacteremia and heightened risk of endocarditis. ER  - 
Association of a Long-Chain Fatty Acid-CoA Ligase 4 Gene Polymorphism with Depression and with Enhanced Niacin-Induced Dermal Erythema; Hypotheses about relationships between changes in membrane lipids and mental illness have focused primarily on three long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids: arachidonic acid (AA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). Membrane deficiencies of these fatty acids have been reported in schizophrenia (AA, EPA, and DHA) and in depression (EPA and DHA). Long-chain fatty acid-CoA ligase type 4 (FACL4; MIM 300157) is a key enzyme involved in the metabolism of AA, EPA, and DHA. FACL4 selectively esterifies these fatty acids with co-enzyme A, forming acyl-co-A, which can then be incorporated into membrane phospholipid. We used niacin-induced dermal erythema as one index of AA metabolism to identify a common C to T single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) in the first intron of the FACL4 gene (Xq22.3), which is associated with enhanced dermal erythema in both schizophrenia and control subjects. Male subjects with the TO genotype showed greater dermal erythema following topical application of methylnicotinate, suggesting that this polymorphism may be in linkage disequilibrium with a functional polymorphism of the FACL4 gene that modulates re-sequestration of agonist-released free AA. We also examined the allele frequency of this polymorphism in 555 European-Americans (EA), including 229 control subjects, 198 subjects with major depression, 58 with schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder, and 70 with alcohol dependence without co-morbid psychiatric illness. We observed a significant excess of the T allele in subjects with major depression, as compared with controls (49% vs. 38%; P = 0.003) and a non-significant excess of the T allele in schizophrenia (44%; P= 0.29). The allele frequency for subjects with alcohol dependence did not differ from controls. © 2004 Wiley-Liss, Inc. ER  - 
A placebo-controlled cross-over trial of adjunctive EPA in OCD; Several clinical studies showed beneficial effects of omega-3 fatty acids in major affective disorders, including resistant depression. Some antidepressants are also effective, albeit less so, in obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD). We therefore undertook a preliminary placebo-controlled cross-over trial of adjunctive eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) in OCD. Eleven patients with current obsessive-compulsive disorder, who were on a stable maximally tolerated dose of SSRI with no further improvement over at least the last two months, were recruited. Subjects were randomly allocated to begin 6 weeks of placebo (2 g liquid paraffin per day) followed by 6 weeks of 2 g of EPA or EPA followed by placebo. Patients continued their prior SSRIs at the same dose. Assessments were performed with the Yale-Brown Obsessive-Compulsive Scale (YBOCS), and the Hamilton Rating Scales for depression (HAM-D) and anxiety (HAM-A). There were no effects of order of treatment. Time had a main effect of YBOCS scores; mean scores declined from 26.0 (±5) to 17.6 (±6) by week 6 on placebo and to 18.5 (±4) on EPA. There were no effects on HAM-D and HAM-A. No clinically relevant side effects were reported. The results of this study suggest that adjunctive EPA is ineffective against OCD. © 2003 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Major depression is associated with lower omega-3 fatty acid levels in patients with recent acute coronary syndromes; Background Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are intrinsic cell membrane components and closely involved in neurotransmission and receptor function. Lower omega-3 levels are associated with increased risk of coronary artery disease (CAD), increases in cardiac events in CAD patients, and depression. We sought to examine relationships between depression and serum levels of omega-3 and omega-6 PUFAs in patients recovering from acute coronary syndromes (ACS). Methods We carried out a case-control study of serum PUFA levels and current major depression in 54 age- and sex-matched pairs approximately 2 months following ACS. Results Depressed patients had significantly lower concentrations of total omega-3 and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), and higher ratios of arachidonic acid (AA) to DHA, AA to eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and n-3 to n-6 than controls. There were no baseline differences in any potential risk or protective factors for depression. Conclusions Results are consistent with previous reports in depressed patients without CAD, and with literature concerning omega-3 levels and risk of CAD events. Dietary, genetic, and hormonal factors may all play a role in both depression and CAD. Both prospective studies and randomized trials are needed to help clarify the interrelationships. ER  - 
Omega-3 fatty acids in dietetics. A review (part 3); In Germany, Austria and Switzerland the average intake of omega-3 fatty acids is distinctly lower than the 0.5 percent of the total energy intake as recommended in reference values of the D.A.CH. Omega-3 fatty acid deficiency is associated with a multitude of health states, especially civilization or nutrition related diseases. Currently, the ratio between omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acids in the nutrition of 50:1 in Germany is far from the ratio of 4:1, which is estimated as ideal. The phrophylactic and therapeutic supplementation of omega-3 fatty acids is gaining more and more attention in medicine. The effects of omega-3 fatty acids on important atherogenic parameters such as blood lipids, thrombocyte aggregation, bleeding time and blood pressure were shown to be consistent and reproducible in a multitude of clinical studies. Within recent epidemiological studies a distinct lowering of cardiovascular risks was demonstrated for the intake of omega-3 fatty acids. The risk of mortal cardiac infarctions was lowered by almost 70 percent. The combination of synergistic and complementary effects makes omega-3 fatty acids an especially interesting option for the treatment of patients with diabetes related metabolic disorders of fat metabolism: Up to 60 percent of patients with diabetes display a hyperlipoproteinaemia, in 80% of the cases caused by elevated triglycerides. In Germany, several omega-3 preparations are officially registered as lipid lowering drugs, and thus for the prevention of cardiovascular diseases. Due to their mechanism of action, omega-3 fatty acids are more versatile in their application as might be expected from the restriction of the indication area on elevated triglycerides: e.g., more and more studies demonstrate positive effects of an adjuvant supplementation of omega-3 fatty acids in a number of inflammatory diseases such as rheumatic arthritis, psoriasis, inflammations of skin and bowels, Lupus erythematodes, but also in allergic diseases, osteoporosis, cystic fibrosis and chronical insufficiency of kidney function. In addition, positive tendencies were observed in the supplementation of omega-3 fatty acids in psychiatric diseases such as schizophrenia and depression. Morbus Alzheimer, dementia and Multiple sclerosis might also be related to an omega-3 deficiency. In addition, an optimal availability of omega-3 fatty acids seems to be of importance for a normal development of brain and psychical functions, especially intelligence, cognitive functions and visual acuity. Pediatric physicians and nutrition scientists claim an adequate substitution in deficiency for children and pregnant women. On the background of recent studies, the application of omega-3 fatty acids in combination with L-carnitine seems to make sense in adipositas. © Verlag für GanzheitsMedizin, Basel. ER  - 
Analysis of the 2nd symposium "Anomalies of fatty acids, ageing and degenerating pathologies"; The second symposium on anomalies of fatty acids, ageing and degenerating pathologies for the French-speaking community was held during January 2002 in Paris (France) and reunited more than 200 participants, including a majority of medical practitioners. It was organised around 8 conferences treating the following subjects: a general presentation of the metabolism of fatty acids and their biological functions (in particular polyunsaturated fatty acids or PUFA), the exploration of PUFA in man during situations of nutritional and pathological disequilibrium, and the importance of PUFA in the aetiology and prevention of pathophysiologies such as cardiovascular, autoimmune and inflammatory diseases, diabetes and obesity, cancer and certain neuropsychiatric affections such as depression. Indeed, even though edible fatty acids present a common energetic function, by β -oxidation, and a structural function, as a constituent of membrane lipids, some of them have a more specific role as an essential nutrient. These are essential fatty acids including the two families of polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-6 and n-3 PUFA). Their metabolism leads to the synthesis of derivatives found in cellular membranes (structural role) and oxygenated molecules, the eicosanoids, whose main action is of the same type as that of hormones. These derivatives and oxygenated molecules also regulate different metabolic pathways by modulating the expression of target genes via activation of specific transcription factors. Due to their quality and their quantity in food, the PUFA may interfere with the incidence of a large number of pathologies whose causes are varied (cardiovascular and inflammatory diseases, cancers, neuropathologies, ...). The particular interest in nutrition of PUFA of the n-3 series (or ω3) and in particular of long-chain derivatives mainly found in high quantity in fish oils (eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid) is now widely confirmed for cardiovascular and inflammatory physiology and formed the subject of increasing investigations for prevention of certain pathologies of the central nervous system. In this paper, we are first going to recall the generalities of metabolism and functional properties of PUFA. Secondly, we will list the pathologies whose frequency and symptoms are susceptible to be corrected by the dietary intake of PUFA, notably by reaching the nutritional equilibrium between the family of linoleic acid (n-6 or ω6) and that of α-linolenic acid (n-3 or ω3). © INRA, EDP Sciences, 2004. ER  - 
Alteration of polyunsaturated fatty acids status and metabolism in health and disease; Essential polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) cannot be synthesised in the body and must be ingested by food. A balanced intake of both n-6 and n-3 PUFA is essential for good health. PUFA are the basic constituents of phospholipid membranes and determine cellular membrane fluidity and modulate enzyme activities, carriers and membrane receptors. They are also precursors of active metabolites known collectively as eicosanoids (prostaglandins, prostacyclins, thromboxanes and leukotrienes) which regulate our cellular functions. Studies indicate that n-3 PUFA have anti-inflammatory, antithrombotic, antiarrhythmic actions and immuno-modulating properties. Erythrocyte fatty acid status is a reflection of dietary fat intake. It also explores PUFA metabolism and gives information about the integration of these fatty acids into cellular membranes. Thus, erythrocyte fatty acid analysis can detect PUFA insufficiencies and imbalances from the diet, but also metabolic abnormalities and lipid peroxidation. It can be helpful in the prevention and the control of chronic diseases in which PUFA alterations have been observed as coronary heart diseases, hypertension, cancer, diabetes, inflammatory and auto-immune disorders, atopic eczema, Alzheimer dementia, major depression, schizophrenia, multiple sclerosis, etc. © INRA, EDP Sciences, 2004. ER  - 
Impairment of HERG K+ channel function by tumor necrosis factor-α: Role of reactive oxygen species as a mediator; Congestive heart failure (CHF) is associated with susceptibility to lethal arrhythmias and typically increases levels of tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α) and its receptor, TNFR1. CHF down-regulates rapid delayed-rectifier K+ current (IKr) and delays cardiac repolarization. We studied the effects of TNF-α on cloned HERG K + channel (human ether-a-go-go-related gene) in HEK293 cells and native IKr in canine cardiomyocytes with whole-cell patch clamp techniques. TNF-α consistently and reversibly decreased HERG current (IHERG). Effects of TNF-α were concentration-dependent, increased with longer incubation period, and occurred at clinically relevant concentrations. TNF-α had similar inhibitory effects on IKr and markedly prolonged action potential duration (APD) in canine cardiomyocytes. Immunoblotting analysis demonstrated that HERG protein level was slightly higher in canine hearts with tachypacing-induced CHF than in healthy hearts, and TNF-α slightly increased HERG protein level in CHF but not in healthy hearts. In cells pretreated with the inhibitory anti-TNFR1 anti-body, TNF-α lost its ability to suppress IHERG, indicating a requirement of TNFR1 activation for HERG suppression. Vitamin E or MnTBAP (Mn(III) tetrakis(4-benzoic acid) porphyrin chloride), a superoxide dismutase mimic) prevented, whereas the superoxide anion generating system xanthine/xanthine oxidase mimicked, TNF-α-induced IHERG depression. TNF-α caused robust increases in intracellular reactive oxygen species, and vitamin E and MnTBAP abolished the increases, in both HEK293 cells and canine ventricular myocytes. We conclude that the TNF-α/TNFR1 system impairs HERG/IKr function mainly by stimulating reactive oxygen species, particularly superoxide anion, but not by altering HERG expression; the effect may contribute to APD prolongation by TNF-α and may be a novel mechanism for electrophysiological abnormalities and sudden death in CHF. ER  - 
An investigation into signal transduction mechanisms involved in insulin-induced long-term depression in the CA1 region of the hippocampus; Recent work has demonstrated that brief application of insulin to hippocampal slices can induce a novel form of long-term depression (insulin-LTD) in the CA1 region of the hippocampus; however, the molecular details of how insulin triggers LTD remain unclear. Using electrophysiological and biochemical approaches in the hippocampal slices, we show here that insulin-LTD (i) is specific to 3-hydroxy-5-methylisoxazole-4-propionic acid (AMPA) receptor- but not NMDA receptor-mediated synaptic transmission; (ii) is induced and expressed postsynaptically but does not require the activation of ionotropic and metabotropic glutamate receptors; (iii) requires a concomitant Ca2+ influx through L-type voltage-activated Ca2+ channels (VACCs) and the release of Ca2+ from intracellular stores; (iv) requires the series of protein kinases, including protein tyrosine kinase (PTK), phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3K), and protein kinase C (PKC); (v) is mechanistically distinct from low-frequency stimulation-induced LTD (LFS-LTD) and independent on protein phosphatase 1/2 A (PP1/2 A) and PP2B activation; (vi) is dependent on a rapamycin-sensitive local translation of dendritic m RNA, and (vii) is associated with a persistent decrease in the surface expression of GluR2 subunit. These results suggest that a PI3K/PKC-dependent insulin signaling, which controls postsynaptic surface AMPA receptor numbers through PP-independent endocytosis, may be a major expression mechanism of insulin-LTD in hippocampal CA1 neurons. ER  - 
Evidence for a role of the arachidonic acid cascade in affective disorders: A review; The treatment of affective disorders continues to present significant clinical challenges, notwithstanding the existence of available mood stabilizers and antidepressants. These difficulties include incomplete response, relapse, and intolerable medication side effects. Fundamental to the therapeutic impasse is incomplete knowledge concerning the neurobiology of mood disorders. Although some relevant biochemical pathways have been identified, including abnormalities of monoamine neurotransmission and of immunological functioning, a fuller understanding is likely to embrace other interrelated pathways. Arachidonic acid (AA) and prostaglandins (PGs) are important second messengers in the central nervous system that participate in signal transduction, inflammation and other vital processes. Their release, turnover, and metabolism represent the 'arachidonic acid cascade'. A significant body of diverse clinical and preclinical research suggests that the AA cascade may be important in affective states. This paper reviews the literature describing the association of affective illness with AA and its metabolites. Possible links between this and other prevailing hypotheses are considered, and implications for further research and for treatment are discussed. © Blackwell Munksgaard, 2004. ER  - 
Transcriptional response to circumscribed cortical brain ischemia: Spatiotemporal patterns in ischemic vs. remote non-ischemic cortex; Focal brain infarcts are surrounded by extended perilesional zones that comprise the partially ischemic penumbra but also completely non-ischemic cortex of the remote ipsilateral hemisphere. To delineate the impact of lesion-associated vs. remote processes on transcriptional programming after focal ischemia, we used cDNA array analysis, quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction and immunohistochemistry in the photothrombosis model of circumscribed cortical ischemia in rats. At an early stage of 4 h after ischemia, gene induction occurred to a similar extent in the ischemic infarct and remote non-ischemic cortex of the ipsilateral hemisphere. Among the genes induced in non-ischemic cortex we found the NGF-inducible genes PCS, VGF and Arc, the transcriptional regulators IκB-α and Stat3, and the β-chemokine MIP-1α (CCLS). At 3 days, the spatial pattern of gene expression had changed dramatically with brain fatty acid-binding protein as the only gene significantly induced in non-ischemic ipsilateral cortex. In contrast, numerous genes were exclusively regulated at the lesion site, comprising genes involved in cell cycle regulation, proteolysis, apoptosis, lipid homeostasis and anti-inflammatory counter-regulation. Cortical spreading depression was identified as the main mechanism underlying gene induction in remote non-ischemic cortex. Our data demonstrate a dynamic spatiotemporal pattern of gene induction, which may contribute to delayed progression of damage or, alternatively, mediate neuroprotection, tissue remodeling and functional compensation. ER  - 
Effects of fish oil on the central nervous system: A new potential antidepressant?; In the last 100 years major depression has increased worldwide. In this study we provided coconut fat (CF, rich in saturated fatty acids) or fish oil (FO, rich in n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids) to female rats throughout pregnancy and lactation and then to their offspring post-weaning and examined lipid brain profile and the possible effect of FO as antidepressant agent in the offspring in adulthood (F1). Rats were submitted to forced swimming test, elevated plus maze, Morris water maze and open field. Peroxidation rate in the cerebral cortex and hippocampus were measured. Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) concentration in dam's milk, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and DHA concentration in hippocampus and cerebral cortex from F1 rats FO supplemented increased significantly when compared to control (C) and CF rats. Arachidonic acid/EPA ratio in the cerebral cortex and hippocampus decreased in rats submitted to forced swimming test. Peroxidation rate were not different between the groups. Immobility time in the forced swimming test in FO group was reduced (p < 0.01) when compared to C and CF rats. We conclude that lifelong intake of FO was able to induce an antidepressant effect with EPA and DHA concentration increased in the cerebral cortex and hippocampus. © 2004 Taylor & Francis Ltd. ER  - 
Omega-3 fatty acids for the prevention of postpartum depression: Negative data from a preliminary, open-label pilot study; Based on the putative relationship between depleted omega-3 fatty acids and postpartum depression, we initiated an open-label pilot study of omega-3 fatty acid supplementation with the aim of preventing postpartum depression. Euthymic pregnant females with a past history of depression in the postpartum period were started on 2,960 mg of fish oil (1.4.:1 eicosapentaenoic acid:docosahexaenoic acid) per day between the 34th to 36th week of pregnancy and assessed through 12 weeks postpartum. Four of seven participants had a depressive episode during the study period. No participants withdrew from the study due to adverse events. This preliminary small, open-label pilot study failed to show promising results for the use of omega-3 fatty acid monotherapy beginning at 34 to 36 weeks gestation for the prevention of postpartum depression in patients with a prior postpartum depression history. Controlled studies are lacking. © 2004 Wiley-Liss, Inc. ER  - 
Huntington's disease: Present treatments and future therapeutic modalities; Huntington's disease (HD) is a devastating neuropsychiatric disorder for which therapeutic interventions have been rather fruitless to date, except in a slight symptomatic relief. Even the discovery of the gene related to HD in 1993 has not effectively advanced treatments. This article is essentially a review of available double-blind, placebo-controlled trials of therapy for this condition which also includes relevant open label trials. Unfortunately, HD research has tended to concentrate on the motor aspects of the disorder, whereas the major problems are behavioural (e.g. dementia, depression, psychosis), and the chorea is often least relevant in terms of management We conclude that there is definitely poor evidence in management of HD. The analysis of the 24 best studies fails to result in a treatment recommendation of clinical relevance. Based on data of open-label studies, or even case reports, we recommend riluzole, olanzapine and amantadine for the treatment of the movement disorders associated with HD, selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors and mirtazapine for the treatment of depression, and atypical antipsychotic drugs for HD psychosis and behavioural problems. Moreover, adjuvant psychotherapy, physiotherapy and speech therapy should be applied to supply the optimal management Finally, some cellular mechanisms are discussed in this paper because they are essential for future neuroprotective modalities, such as minocycline, unsaturated fatty acids or riluzole. © 2004 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
L-Arginine ameliorates oxidative stress in alloxan-induced experimental diabetes mellitus; Oxidative stress occurs in diabetic patients and experimental models of diabetes. The ability of L-arginine to ameliorate the oxidative stress and metabolic changes after treatment with alloxan was investigated in rats. Adult male rats were injected intraperitoneally with 100 mg kg-1 of alloxan to produce experimental oxidative stress characteristic of diabetes mellitus. Hyperglycaemia and hypercholesterolaemia were observed in serum after 7 days of alloxan treatment. This was associated with a depression of glutathione (GSH) concentration as well as superoxide dismutase (SOD) and catalase (CAT) activities in the liver and brain. In addition, the thiobarbituric acid-reactive substances (TBARS) were significantly elevated, indicating increased lipid peroxidation and oxidative stress in the same tissues. Administration of 100 mg kg-1 L-arginine for 7 days either before or after alloxan injection significantly ameliorated the oxidative stress evidenced by a lower TBARS and a higher level of the endogenous GSH concentration and SOD and CAT activities than alloxan-treated rats. These effects were paralleled by marked protection and partial prophylaxis against alloxan-induced hyperglycaemia and cholesterolaemia. Thus, these results showed that exogenously administered L-arginine might improve the clinical manifestation of diabetes mellitus and decrease the oxidative stress in the liver and brain. In addition, the study supports the beneficial effect of L-arginine, which might be attributed to its direct, NO-dependent antioxidant capacity and/or NO-independent pathways. Copyright © 2004 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
The leading role of antimicrobial agents in modulating the binomial host-microorganism; The current trend of therapy requires the use of antibiotics, which combine a high level in vitro antibacterial activity with the capacity to act in concert with the immune system in a way that potentiates the host's defence mechanisms. Whilst such additional effects on the immune system by the antibiotic may be of secondary importance in patients with normal host defence mechanisms, they are of primary importance in patients with depression of the immune system, who are highly susceptible to infections, often difficult to treat, even with the current and modern antimicrobial agents. This investigation delineates our own results regarding the impact of some antimicrobial agents such as the most recent β-lactams, carbapenems, trinems, glycopeptides, quinolones, aminoglycosides and macrolides upon the primary functions of phagocytes, namely human polymorphonuclear granulocytes and macrophages. The ability of the above mentioned drugs to penetrate human phagocytes and their consequences upon subsequent phagocytic ingestion and killing of ingested bacteria, both Gram-positive and Gram-negative, are here reported. Moreover the influence exerted by some of these antibiotics either on phagocytic functions or on the release of cytokines is illustrated. The beneficial properties of some β-lactams, which result in "restoring" the depressed phagocyte-dependent response in patients on chronic hemodialysis or in renal transplant recipients, are also focused. © 2004 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Daily omega-3 fatty acid intake and depression in Japanese patients with newly diagnosed lung cancer; The aim of the present study was to examine the association between daily omega-3 fatty acid intake and depression in Japanese cancer patients. Omega-3 fatty acid intake in 771 patients with newly diagnosed primary lung cancer was evaluated using a food-frequency questionnaire, and the prevalence of depression was examined using the cutoff values for the depression subscale included in the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale. After adjustment for potential confounding factors, the odds ratio (OR) for depression among patients in the highest quartile of the total eicosapentaenoic acid- (C20:5n-3) and docosapentaenoic acid (C22:6n-3)-intake group compared with patients in the lowest quartile was not significantly different. On the other hand, the OR among the highest quartile of α-linolenic acid (C18:3n-3) intake (adjusted OR = 0.50, 95% Cl: 0.31-0.71, P for trend = 0.004) and the highest quartile of total omega-3 fatty acid intake (adjusted OR = 0.55, 95% Cl: 0.35-0.88, P for trend = 0.022) were significantly different. These results suggest that total eicosapentaenoic acid and docosapentaenoic acid intake might not be associated with depression in Japanese patients with newly diagnosed lung cancer, but that α-linolenic acid intake and total omega-3 fatty acid intake might be. © 2004 Cancer Research UK. ER  - 
Parameters of the functional and morphological status of the upper digestive tract in alcohol-dependent male patients with depression and alexithymia in the context of autonomic nervous system activity and nitric oxide plasma level; Background: Psychosomatic factors play an important role in the pathogenesis of many diseases. The aim of this study was to compare the results of upper digestive tract examinations in alcoholics with depression and/or alexithymia diagnosed with atypical chest pain. Materlai/Methods: In 52 alcohol dependent male patients with atypical chest pain we performed gastroduodenoscopy, esophageal and gastric pH-metry, 24-h esophageal manometry, treadmill stress test, Holter monitoring, and blood sampling. Depression was diagnosed using the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), and alexithymia according to the Toronto Alexithymia Scale (TAS). Results: Depression and/or alexithymia were diagnosed in 37 patients (71%). Depressive and alexithymic patients, in comparison to subjects with lower BDI and TAS scores, had less intensive Helicobacter pylori antral colonization, higher values of gastro-esophageal acid reflux parameters in 24h pH-metry, higher mean amplitude of contraction, longer mean contraction duration, higher percentage of hypertensive contractions, and a greater percentage of effective peristalsis, in spite of a similar percentage of peristaltic and simultaneous contractions. The patient groups did not differ in relation to gastric pH-metry parameters or factors potentially connecting mental status and esophageal function regulation, such as plasma nitric oxide metabolite concentration and heart rate variability (HRV), which correlate with autonomic nervous system activity. Conclusions: In alcoholic patients with depression and alexithymia there is a tendency to greater functional disturbances in the upper digestive tract. The observed differences between groups were not related to changes in ANS activity and nitric oxide metabolism. ER  - 
Analgesic Studies on Total Alkaloids and Alcohol Extracts of Eclipta alba (Linn.) Hassk.; A variety of analgesics are used for the treatment of acute and chronic pain in different disease states. A narcotic or a non-narcotic analgesic that does not cause respiratory depression and addiction is needed. In Ayurveda a large number of indigenous drugs have been mentioned possessing analgesic properties (e.g. Guggul, Erand, Rasna, Bhringaraj, Methika, Palandu and Prasikayavani). The present experimental research work was undertaken to determine the analgesic activity of the total ethanol extract of Eclipta alba, and also the isolated alkaloids of Eclipta alba in albino mice by using standard experimental models such as the tail clip method, the tail flick method and the acetic acid induced writhing response. The results from this study show that both the ethanol extract as well as the total alkaloids produce good analgesic activity in all the different models of analgesia used. The total alkaloidal fraction was the most efficacious in all models tested. Copyright © 2004 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Effect of Pre- and Posttreatment of Losartan in Feline Model of Myocardial Ischemic-Reperfusion Injury; This study investigated the differential effect of losartan, an AT 1 receptor blocker, when administered in pre- and postischemic phases, on the biochemical, hemodynamic and oxidative stress associated with regional ischemic-reperfusion injury in cat. Losartan (5 μg/kg/min) or normal saline was administered intravenously in open chest barbiturate anesthetized cats, 15 min before and 10 min after the occlusion of the left anterior descending (LAD) coronary artery. The LAD was occluded for 15 min followed by 60 min reperfusion. In the saline treated group, there was significant depression of hemodynamic functions, i.e., mean arterial pressure (MAP), heart rate (HR), left ventricular end diastolic pressure (LVEDP) and left ventricular (LV) peak (±) dP/dt, along with depletion of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) of the affected myocardium. Oxidative stress during reperfusion injury was evidenced by significant increase in plasma thiobarbituric acid reactive substances (TBARS) accompanied by significant reduction in myocardial superoxide dismutase (SOD) activities. In both treatment groups, losartan caused recovery of all the hemodynamic parameters and repletion of ATP along with no significant change in plasma TBARS and myocardial SOD activity. There was no effect on catalase activity. Results from the study suggest that the effects of pre- and posttreatment of losartan are comparable in functional recovery of the heart from ischemic-reperfusion injury. © 2004 Prous Science. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Homocysteine and neuropsychiatric disorders; The author presents an overview of the current literature on homocysteine as a risk factor for neuropsychiatric disorders. The databases MEDLINE, Current Contents and EMBASE were searched (between 1966 and 2002) for English language publications with the key words 'Homocysteine' and 'Stroke'; 'Alzheimer Disease'; 'Cognitive Impairment'; 'Epilepsy'; 'Depression'; or 'Parkinson's disease'. Individual articles were hand searched for relevant cross-references. It is biologically plausible that high homocysteine levels may cause brain injury and neuropsychiatric disorders. Homocysteine is proatherogenic and prothrombotic, thereby increasing the risk of cerebrovascular disease, and may have a direct neurotoxic effect. Evidence for homocysteine as a risk factor for cerebral microvascular disease is conflicting but warrants further study. Cross-sectional and some longitudinal studies support increased prevalence of stroke and vascular dementia in hyperhomocysteinemic individuals. The evidence of increased neurodegeneration is accumulating. The relationship with depression is still tentative, as it is with epilepsy. Currently, treatment studies are necessary to place the evidence on a stronger footing, and maybe high-risk patients should be screened for hyperhomocysteinemia and this should be treated with folic acid. More research evidence is necessary before population screening can be recommended. ER  - 
Practical recommendations for immune-enhancing diets; Immune-enhancing diets contain nutrients that have putative benefits, including arginine, (n-3) fats, glutamine, nucleotides, and structured lipids. Although under most circumstances the systemic inflammatory response is beneficial to the host, improving the eventual outcome of injury, infection, or inflammation, excessive proinflammation (leading to cardiac, hepatic, and mitochondrial dysfunction) or excessive counterinflammation (leading to immune depression) can worsen outcome. In critically ill septic patients, the synthesis of arginine can be exceeded by its catabolism to nitric oxide (NO) and urea, rendering arginine conditionally essential. In patients with sepsis, increased production of NO increases serum nitrite and nitrate levels, whereas levels in patients with trauma and trauma with sepsis are lower than in controls. In septic patients, supplemental arginine might further increase NO levels and be potentially harmful through excessive proinflammation. However, administration of increased amounts of arginine might improve immune function in surgical and trauma patients by increasing NO production in macrophages. When the diet provides at least 1 g of the (n-3) fatty acids eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acid combined, 2-series eicosanoids (prostaglandins, prostacyclins, thromboxanes) are replaced partially by 3-series eicosanoids, and 4-series leukotrienes are replaced partially by 5-series leukotrienes that are less proinflammatory. Thus, the effects of arginine and (n-3)-fat supplementation might be expected to be complementary-arginine might improve cytokine and NO production in patients with immunodepression, whereas (n-3) fats might be beneficial when there is excessive proinflammation, particularly when supplemental arginine is supplied, by reducing cytokine-induced eicosanoid production. ER  - 
Role of hyperforin in the pharmacological activities of St. John's wort; The phloroglucinol derivative hyperforin has been recently shown to be a major antidepressant component in the extract of Hypericum perforatum. Experimental studies clearly demonstrated its activity in different behavioral models of depression. Moreover clinical studies linked the therapeutic efficacy of Hypericum extracts to their hyperforin content, in a dose-dependent manner. The molecular mechanism of action of hyperforin is still under investigation. Hyperforin has been shown to inhibit, like conventional antidepressants, the neuronal uptake of serotonin, norepinephrine and dopamine. However, hyperforin inhibits also the uptake of γ-aminobutyric acid (GABA) and L-glutamate. The uptake inhibition by hyperforin does not involve specific binding sites at the transporter molecules; its mechanism of action seems to be related to sodium conductive pathways, leading to an elevation in intracellular Na+ concentration. Other additional mechanisms of action of hyperforin, involving ionic conductances as well synaptosomal and vesicular function, have been suggested. In addition to its antidepressant activity, hyperforin has many other pharmacological effects in vivo (anxiolytic-like, cognition-enhancing effects) and in vitro (antioxidant, anticyclooxygenase-1, and anticarcinogenic effects). These effects could be of clinical importance. On the other hand, the role of hyperforin in the pharmacological interactions occurring during Hypericum extract therapy must be fully investigated. Hyperforin seems to be responsible for the induction of liver cytochrome oxidase enzymes and intestinal P-glycoprotein. Several pharmacokinetic studies performed in rats and humans demonstrated oral bioavailability of hyperforin from Hypericum extract. Only recently a new chromatographic method for detection of hyperforin in the brain tissue has been developed and validated. Taking into account the chemical instability of hyperforin, current efforts are directed to the synthesis of new neuroactive derivatives. ER  - 
Inhibitory and apoptosis-inducing effects of CD44 antisense oligodeoxyribonucleotides on human gastric cancer cell line MGC80-3; AIM: To study the role and mechanism of antisense oligodeoxyribonucleotides (ASODN) on proliferation and apoptosis of MGC80-3 cells. METHODS: Flow cytometry was used to detect CD44, Fas expression and apoptosis of MGC80-3 cells. Reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) assay was used to examine CD44 mRNA level; MTT assay was used to detect cell proliferation. RESULTS: CD44 mRNA and CD44 protein expression in MGC80-3 cells was blocked and down-regulated after transfected with CD44ASODN (1.6 μmol/L). CD44ASODN inhibited the growth of MGC80-3 cells with depression ratios of 31.0%, 46.3% (P <0.01), and 49.6% (P <0.01) at 48 h, 72 h, and 96 h respectively in a time-dependant manner. With the existence of hyaluronic acid, CD44ASODN improved Fas expression in MGC80-3 cells from 6.7% to 16.8% (P <0.01). At the same time, it enhanced the susceptibility of MGC80-3 cells to Fas mAb and the apoptotic rate of the cells increased from 0% to 26.5% (P <0.01). CONCLUSION: CD44ASODN can down-regulate the expression of CD44 mRNA and protein, inhibit MGC80-3 cell proliferation and promote apoptosis induced by Fas mAb. ER  - 
Eicosapentaenoic acid in the treatment of schizophrenia and depression: Rationale and preliminary double-blind clinical trial results; It has been hypothesised that polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) play an important role in the aetiology of schizophrenia and depression. Evidence supporting this hypothesis for schizophrenia includes abnormal brain phospholipid turnover shown by 31P Magnetic Resonance Spectroscopy, increased levels of phospholipase A2, reduced niacin skin flush response, abnormal electroretinogram, and reduced cell membrane levels of n-3 and n-6 PUFA. In depression, there is strong epidemiological evidence that fish consumption reduces risk of becoming depressed and evidence that cell membrane levels of n-3 PUFA are reduced. Four out of five placebo-controlled double- blind trials of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) in the treatment of schizophrenia have given positive findings. In depression, two placebo-controlled trials have shown a strong therapeutic effect of ethyl-EPA added to existing medication. The mode of action of EPA is currently not known, but recent evidence suggests that arachidonic acid (AA) if of particular importance in schizophrenia and that clinical improvement in schizophrenic patients using EPA treatment correlates with changes in AA. © 2003 Published by Elsevier Ltd. ER  - 
HPTLC analysis of Withaferine A from a herbal extract and polyherbal formulations; Withania somnifera has been used in Ayurvedic medicine for treatment of depression and inflammation, and as an aphrodisiac. It contains many phytochemicals such as Withaferine A, withanine, anahygrine, tropine, and withanolides. Of these, withaferine A is considered to be the most active compound. Withaferine A was estimated in herbal extract and polyherbal formulations by high performance thin layer chromatography (HPTLC). As there is no official HPTLC protocol for quantitation of the above phytochemicals, an attempt was made to quantify withaferine A in herbal extract and polyherbal formulations produced from Withania somnifera. Precoated silica gel G (aluminium backed) plates were used as stationary phase and toluene:ethyl acetate:formic acid (50:15:5) was used as mobile phase. Detection and quantification were performed by densitometry at λ 213 nm. The linear range was 1 μg to 3 μg. This HPTLC method was found to be reproducible, accurate, and precise. ER  - 
Oxidative damage and major depression: The potential antioxidant action of selective serotonin-re-uptake inhibitors; There is evidence of derangement of oxidant and antioxidant defense systems in depression. The present study examined the effects of fluoxetine and citalopram, standard selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, on lipid peroxidation, superoxide dismutase (SOD) activity and ascorbic acid concentrations. For this, a prospective open-labeled, randomized design was utilized. Patients with major depression (n = 62) were compared with age- and sex-matched healthy volunteers (n = 40). There was a significant increase in serum SOD, serum MDA and decrease in plasma ascorbic acid levels in patients of major depression as compared to control subjects. The trend reversed significantly after treatment with fluoxetine and citalopram. Results indicate a greater reduction in oxidative stress with citalopram than fluoxetine. The Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRSD) score also improved with fluoxetine and citalopram treatment. These findings indicate that major depression is associated with increased levels of serum SOD, serum MDA and decreased levels of plasma ascorbic acid. Treatment with fluoxetine and citalopram reversed these biochemical parameters. This study can be used as a predictor of drug response by fluoxetine and citalopram in major depression. ER  - 
Preventive geriatrics; This paper gives a summary of check-up and preventive recommendations for elderly. It concerns screening, vaccination, chemoprophylaxy, and counseling. It is mainly based on the recommendations of the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force. It approaches the screening of hypertention, visual and auditive impairment, breast, colorectal, cervical, prostate cancers, about dyslipidemia, depression, osteoporosis, vaccination against influenza, pneumococcal infection, and chemoprophylaxy by estrogen, raloxifene, acetylsalicylic acid. There is also counseling in the prevention of falls, exercises, and diet. This summary underlines the multiple recent changes compared with the 1996 recommendations. ER  - 
Behavioral and biochemical studies on chronic mild stress models in rats treated with a Chinese traditional prescription Banxia-houpu decoction; There is increasing evidence that psychological stress and depression trigger changes in various biochemical parameters in animals and in human subjects. In order to study these effects, the impact of chronic mild stress (CMS) on rats, and of the subsequent administration of Banxia-houpu decoction and fluoxetine, were studied regarding their effects on the following biochemical parameters: 5-hydroxytryptamine (5-HT) and 5-hydroxyindoleacetic acid (5-HIAA) levels in various brain regions, natural killer (NK) cell and lymphokine-activated killer (LAK) cell activities in spleen, serum lipid profiles including total cholesterol (TC), high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDLc), low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDLc) and triglyceride (TG), liver superoxide dismutase (SOD) and nitric oxide synthase (NOS) activities, serum malondialdehyde (MDA), and interleukin-2 (IL-2) levels. The effects of drug administration on preference behavior for consumption of sucrose solution were also assessed. Rats subjected to CMS exhibited a reduction in sucrose intake, 5-HT, 5-HIAA, IL-2, TC, HDLc and LDLc levels, as well as, diminished NK cell and LAK cell activities. Conversely, liver SOD and NOS activities and serum TG and MDA levels were increased following CMS exposures. Administration of Banxia-houpu decoction and fluoxetine produced beneficial effects on the stressed rats by improving sucrose consumption. This behavioral change was accompanied by amelioration of numbers CMS-induced biochemical changes. Banxia-houpu decoction is a traditional Chinese prescription containing pinellia tuber, magnolia bark, hoelen, perilla herb and ginger rhizome, and has been used for centuries in China to treat mental diseases including depression and schizophrenia. However, the pharmacological profile of the decoction is different from that of fluoxetine. These findings suggest that the therapeutic actions of Banxia-houpu decoction are due to a combination of multiple biochemical effects, and may help to elucidate the mechanisms through which distinct biochemical parameters play a role in the etiology of depression. © 2003 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Neurobiology of antidepressant withdrawal: Implications for the longitudinal outcome of depression; Inappropriate discontinuation of drug treatment and noncompliance are a leading cause of long-term morbidity during treatment of depression. Increasing evidence supports an association between depressive illness and disturbances in brain glutamate activity, nitric oxide synthesis, and γ-amino butyric acid. Animal models also confirm that suppression of glutamate N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor activity or inhibition of the nitric oxide-cyclic guanosine monophosphate pathway, as well as increasing brain levels of γ-amino butyric acid, may be key elements in antidepressant action. Imaging studies demonstrate, for the most part, decreased hippocampal volume in patients with depression, which may worsen with recurrent depressive episodes. Preclinical models link this potentially neurodegenerative pathology to continued stress-evoked synaptic remodeling, driven primarily by the release of glucocorticoids, glutamate, and nitric oxide. These stress-induced structural changes can be reversed by antidepressant treatment. In patients with depression, antidepressant withdrawal after chronic administration is associated with a stress response as well as functional and neurochemical changes. Preclinical data also show that antidepressant withdrawal evokes a behavioral stress response that is associated with increased hippocampal N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor density, with both responses dependent on N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor activation. Drawing from both clinical and preclinical studies, this article proposes a preliminary molecular perspective and hypothesis on the neuronal implications of adherence to and discontinuation of antidepressant medication. © 2003 Society of Biological Psychiatry. ER  - 
The neurological significance of abnormal natural killer cell activity in chronic toxigenic mold exposures.; Toxigenic mold activities produce metabolites that are either broad-spectrum antibiotics or mycotoxins that are cytotoxic. Indoor environmental exposure to these toxigenic molds leads to adverse health conditions with the main outcome measure of frequent neuroimmunologic and behavioral consequences. One of the immune system disorders found in patients presenting with toxigenic mold exposure is an abnormal natural killer cell activity. This paper presents an overview of the neurological significance of abnormal natural killer cell (NKC) activity in chronic toxigenic mold exposure. A comprehensive review of the literature was carried out to evaluate and assess the conditions under which the immune system could be dysfunctionally interfered with leading to abnormal NKC activity and the involvement of mycotoxins in these processes. The functions, mechanism, the factors that influence NKC activities, and the roles of mycotoxins in NKCs were cited wherever necessary. The major presentations are headache, general debilitating pains, nose bleeding, fevers with body temperatures up to 40 degrees C (104 degrees F), cough, memory loss, depression, mood swings, sleep disturbances, anxiety, chronic fatigue, vertigo/dizziness, and in some cases, seizures. Although sleep is commonly considered a restorative process that is important for the proper functioning of the immune system, it could be disturbed by mycotoxins. Most likely, mycotoxins exert some rigorous effects on the circadian rhythmic processes resulting in sleep deprivation to which an acute and transient increase in NKC activity is observed. Depression, psychological stress, tissue injuries, malignancies, carcinogenesis, chronic fatigue syndrome, and experimental allergic encephalomyelitis could be induced at very low physiological concentrations by mycotoxin-induced NKC activity. In the light of this review, it is concluded that chronic exposures to toxigenic mold could lead to abnormal NKC activity with a wide range of neurological consequences, some of which were headache, general debilitating pains, fever, cough, memory loss, depression, mood swings, sleep disturbances, anxiety, chronic fatigue, and seizures. ER  - 
The burden of acute postoperative pain and the potential role of the COX-2-specific inhibitors; Pain has been recognized as a problem of global proportions, and postoperative pain is one of the most common types of pain. Postoperative pain is acute and, although it is preventable and/or treatable, it is often undertreated. Lack of appropriate analgesic management has significant impact on clinical and economic outcomes. Negative clinical outcomes of inadequately managed acute postoperative pain include extended hospitalization, compromised prognosis, higher morbidity and mortality, and the development of a chronic pain state as a result of neuronal plasticity. Although estimating the economic burden of postoperative pain is difficult, this burden is considerable and results from direct costs due to excess health-care resource use, as well as indirect costs due to reduced patient functionality and productivity. These latter factors also have a significant adverse impact on patients' quality of life and may be associated with the development of depression and anxiety. Thus, improved clinical outcomes are dependent not only on the availability of effective drugs but also on their appropriate utilization. A multimodal approach incorporating different drugs and techniques is effective in reducing postoperative pain but is limited by the currently available therapies. The efficacy of opioids is well established, but there are concerns about dependency, respiratory depression and side-effects, which patients often find intolerable. Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) are effective as adjunctive medication in a multimodal regimen but are associated with side-effects, such as platelet dysfunction and renal and gastrointestinal toxicity, that have special clinical significance in patients undergoing surgical procedures. Cyclooxygenase-2-specific inhibitors such as celecoxib, rofecoxib and valdecoxib, were developed to provide the efficacy of non-specific NSAIDs while limiting associated toxicity. These agents have demonstrated analgesic efficacy and an opioid-sparing effect in a variety of surgical procedures, suggesting their value as an alternative to non-specific NSAIDs. Further studies are needed to determine the impact of these drugs on clinical and economic outcomes when used in a programme of postsurgical pain management. ER  - 
The modified Palmer lateral approach for calcaneal fractures: Wound healing and postoperative computed tomographic evaluation of fracture reduction; In 32 consecutive intra-articular calcaneal fractures (28 patients, 4 bilateral), open treatment was done using the modified Palmer lateral approach and the reduction was assessed with postoperative radiography and computed tomography (CT) (coronal and axial images, 1-2 days after surgery). Retrospective analysis of the available radiographs and CT scans was done in 27 fractures (25 patients, 2 bilateral) to assess accuracy of reduction achieved; in five fractures the studies were not available. Sanders classification was type I in 2 (7%), type II in 20 (74%), and type III in 5 (19%) fractures; the calcaneocuboid joint was involved in 9 (33%) fractures. Reduction included elevation of the depressed lateral side of the posterior facet, reduction of the neck (anterior third of calcaneus) to the body (middle third of calcaneus), realignment of the posterior tuberosity, and reduction of lateral wall blowout; internal fixation was done with cannulated screws. Mean (±SD) values of the following displacement parameters were significantly improved after surgery: Böhler's angle, posterior facet angle, lateral posterior facet articular depression, heel width (coronal CT), and calcaneal height. There was no significant difference between preoperative and postoperative values of mean angle of Gissane, posterior tuberosity position, and body width and length on axial CT. One (3%) of the 32 fractures was associated with preoperative (traumatic) full-thickness skin necrosis at the sinus tarsi that required free muscle flap coverage. One (3%) postoperative wound healing complication occurred, consisting of wound dehiscence and drainage at the central portion of the surgical wound in a smoker, which resolved with dressing changes and antibiotics. In conclusion, the modified Palmar lateral approach enabled open reduction of major features of calcaneal fractures with less soft-tissue risk than more extensile approaches. ER  - 
Effect of homocysteine-lowering therapy on vascular endothelial function and exercise performance in coronary patients with hyperhomocysteinaemia; Objective - This study was performed to determine the effect of homocysteine-lowering therapy (HLT) on endothelium-dependent vasodilation (EDD) and exercise performance in patients with coronary artery disease. Methods and Results - Among the patients who were on the waiting list for coronary intervention, 26 male patients (plasma homocysteine (Hcy) levels > 15 μmol/l) who had a focal stenosis of at least 70% in the left anterior descending artery were included in the study. The patients were matched to receive HLT (n = 15; 0.4 mg of folic acid, 2 mg vitamin B6 and 6 μg of vitamin B12) or placebo (n = II) until the coronary intervention was performed (mean 3.8 ± 0.9 weeks). Brachial artery vasomotion test and treadmill stress testing were performed at baseline and 4 weeks after HLT before the time of coronary intervention in each patient. Hcy levels were found to be decreased significantly after HLT compared to baseline (23.4 ± 6 vs. 11.3 ± 4 μmol/l; p < 0.001) whereas placebo had no effect. HLT but not placebo produced a marked improvement in EDD, from 3.9 ± 1.1% to 9.4 ± 2.3% (p < 0.0001). Endothelium-independent nitroglycerin-induced dilation was similar in the HLT and placebo groups compared with the baseline. In the exercise testing, HLT resulted in a significant improvement in exercise duration and reduction in the amount of maximal ST-segment depression, (from 6.5 ± 2 to 6.9 ± 2 min, p = 0.02 and from 1.2 ± 0.7 to 0.8 ± 0.5 mm, p = 0.01, respectively) whereas placebo did not. Conclusion - Lowering Hcy levels improves EDD and exercise performance while reducing the exercise-induced myocardial ischaemia in patients with coronary heart disease and hyperhomocysteinaemia. ER  - 
Single oral dose study of two isosorbide-based aspirin prodrugs in the dog; The objective of this study was to compare two aspirin prodrugs, isosorbide diaspirinate (ISDA) and a nitroaspirin (ISMNA), with aspirin in terms of effects on dog platelet function after administration of a single oral dose. Groups of six dogs were administered ISDA (2 mg kg-1), ISMNA (4 mg kg-1) or aspirin (2mg kg-1). Blood was sampled at 1, 2, 4, 8, 12 and 24 h post-dosing and evaluated for capacity to generate post-clotting thromboxane (TX)B2. The aggregation response to arachidonic acid (AA) (100 μM), ADP (30 μM) or collagen (10 μ mL-1) was estimated at each time-point using the whole blood impedance method. Plasma ISMN following oral administration of ISMNA was also measured and compared with plasma ISMN following administration of a physical mixture of ISMN and aspirin. ISDA administration (2 mg kg-1) was associated with a significant reduction (P<0.05) in serum TXB2 at 12 and 24 h (>90%) post-dosing and persistent inhibition of AA-induced platelet aggregation. ISDA administration caused a more marked depression of post-clotting TXB2 levels than aspirin in this study, although its ability to inhibit platelet aggregation was less consistent than that of aspirin. The nitro-aspirin ISMNA was least effective at inhibiting platelet aggregation response or TXB2 production. The ISMN AUC0-24 h for the ISMNA-treated dogs was 77% of that for the physical mix-treated dogs and the tmax was delayed. This study indicates that the two aspirin esters cause aspirin-like effects on platelet function, probably through aspirin release, when administered orally to dogs. ER  - 
An overview of recent findings of the Stanley Foundation Bipolar Network (Part I); Aim and Methods: Selected recent findings of the Stanley Foundation Bipolar Network are briefly reviewed and their clinical implications discussed. Results: Daily prospective ratings on the NIMH-LCM indicate a high degree of residual depressive morbidity (three times that of hypomania or mania) despite active psychopharmacological treatment with a variety of modalities including mood stabilizers, antidepressants, and benzodiazepines, as well as antipsychotics as necessary. The rates of switching into brief to full hypomania or mania during the use of antidepressants is described, and new data suggesting the potential utility of continuing antidepressants in the small group of patients showing an initial acute and persistent response is noted. Bipolar patients with a history or major environmental adversities in childhood have a more severe course of illness and an increased incidence of suicide attempts compared with those without. Preliminary open data suggest useful antidepressant effects of the atypical antipsychotic quetiapine, while a double-blind randomized controlled study failed to show efficacy of omega-3 fatty acids (6 g of eicosapentaenoic acid compared with placebo for 4 months) in the treatment of either acute depression or rapid cycling. The high prevalence of overweight and increased incidence of antithyroid antibodies in patients with bipolar illness is highlighted. Conclusions: Together, these findings suggest a very high degree of comorbidity and treatment resistance in outpatients with bipolar illness treated in academic settings and the need to develop not only new treatment approaches, but also much earlier illness recognition, diagnosis, and intervention in an attempt to reverse or prevent this illness burden. ER  - 
Preventive geriatrics; This paper gives a summary of check-up and preventive recommendations for elderly. It concerns screening, vaccination, chemoprophylaxy, and counseling. It is mainly based on the recommendations of the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force. It approaches the screening of hypertention, visual and auditive impairment, breast, colorectal, cervical, prostate cancers, about dyslipidemia, depression, osteoporosis, vaccination against influenza, pneumococcal infection, and chemoprophylaxy by estrogen, raloxifene, acetylsalicylic acid. There is also counseling in the prevention of falls, exercises, and diet. This summary underlines the multiple recent changes compared with the 1996 recommendations. ER  - 
Inhibition of p38 MAPK decreases myocardial TNF-alpha expression and improves myocardial function and survival in endotoxemia; Objectives: The role of p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) activation in lipopolysaccharide (LPS)-induced myocardial dysfunction has not been clearly defined. Our aim was to investigate the contribution of p38 MAPK in myocardial tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-α) expression, cardiac function and survival during acute endotoxemia in mice. Methods: Acute endotoxemia was induced by LPS (10 mg/kg, i.p.) in mice. Two hours after LPS treatment, left ventricular (LV) function was assessed. Phosphorylation of p38 MAPK was measured by Western blotting. TNF-α mRNA and protein levels were determined by semi-quantitative reverse-transcriptase polymerase chain reaction and enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay, respectively. Results: LPS rapidly increased phosphorylation of p38 MAPK, followed by TNF-α mRNA expression and protein expression in the LV myocardium. Pre-treatment of the p38 MAPK inhibitor SB202190 (2 mg/kg, i.p.) decreased TNF-α mRNA and protein by 65 and 36%, respectively (P<0.05). Immunohistochemical staining confirmed that cardiomyocytes were the major source of TNF-α production in the myocardium and blocking p38 MAPK activation inhibited TNF-α expression in response to LPS. Pre-treatment of SB202190 or a TNF-α antagonist etanercept (2 mg/kg, i.p) significantly reversed LPS-induced LV depression (P<0.05). LPS (20 mg/kg, i.p.) induced 94% mortality in mice within 72 h and pre-treatment with SB202190 and etanercept decreased LPS-induced mortality to 65 and 40%, respectively (P<0.01). Conclusion: p38 MAPK activation represents an important mechanism leading to myocardial TNF-α production and cardiac dysfunction during acute endotoxemia in mice. Our data suggest that p38 MAPK is a potential therapeutic target of endotoxemia. © 2003 European Society of Cardiology. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Prevalence, clinical spectrum and health care utilization of gastro-oesophageal reflux disease in a Chinese population: A population-based study; Background: Population-based data on gastro-oesophageal reflux disease in Chinese are lacking. The prevalence, clinical spectrum and health care-seeking behaviour of subjects with gastro-oesophageal reflux disease were studied. Methods: Ethnic Chinese (3605) were invited to participate in a telephone survey using a validated gastro-oesophageal reflux disease questionnaire and the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale. Results: A total of 2209 subjects (58% female; mean age, 40.3 years) completed the interview. The annual, monthly and weekly prevalence rates of gastro-oesophageal reflux disease were 29.8%, 8.9% and 2.5%, respectively. Gastro-oesophageal reflux disease symptoms were associated with non-cardiac chest pain [odds ratio (OR), 2.3; 95% confidence interval (95% CI), 1.7-3.1], dyspepsia (OR, 1.9; 95% CI, 1.4-2.5), globus (OR, 1.8; 95% CI, 1.2-2.7), acid feeling in the stomach (OR, 5.8; 95% CI, 4.5-7.5) and the use of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (OR, 2.3; 95% CI, 1.5-3.6), but not with dysphagia, bronchitis, asthma, hoarseness and pneumonia. Patients with gastro-oesophageal reflux disease had a significantly higher anxiety and depression score and required more days off work when compared with subjects without. The frequency of heartburn (P = 0.032), female gender (P < 0.001), degree of depression (P = 0.004) and social morbidity (P < 0.001) were independent factors associated with health care-seeking behaviour. Conclusion: The prevalence of gastro-oesophageal reflux disease was lower than that in Western populations, but carried a significant socio-economic burden in the studied Chinese population. The frequency of heart-burn, female gender and psychosocial factors were associated with health care utilization in gastro-oesophageal reflux disease. ER  - 
Isotretinoin and antidepressant pharmacotherapy: A prescription sequence symmetry analysis; Background: Isotretinoin is indicated for the treatment of severe, recalcitrant nodular acne. Spontaneous reports have suggested a possible association between isotretinoin and depression that has not been supported by prior studies. Depression has been reported in patients with acne and is common among adolescents. Objective: The objective of this study was to investigate whether there is an association between isotretinoin use and onset of depression. Methods: A large retrospective database study was performed through a review of pharmacy claims to evaluate the order of first-recorded isotretinoin and antidepressant dispensings in incident users. The study included 2821 patients, aged 12 to 49 years, who filled isotretinoin prescriptions between June 1, 1999, and March 31, 2000. The ratio of the number of patients who filled isotretinoin prescription first versus second was computed, with adjustment for variations in physician prescribing patterns; a ratio significantly greater than 1.0 indicates a depression-invoking relationship. Similar analyses of minocycline were performed. Results: Adjusted ratios for all antidepressants and by class were not significantly greater than 1.0. Similar results were found for minocycline. Conclusion: The results do not support an association between the use of isotretinoin and the onset of depression. ER  - 
Pathogenesis of cancer cachexia.; Cachexia is a progressive wasting syndrome characterized by extensive loss of adipose tissue and skeletal muscle. It occurs in about half of all cancer patients. While anorexia also may be present, the energy deficit alone does not explain the pathogenesis of cachexia. The presence of an acute phase response (APR) has been linked to accelerated weight loss and a shortened survival time. The APR is thought to be initiated by cytokines such as interleukin (IL)-6 and IL-8, production of which is induced by a tumor factor, proteolysis inducing factor (PIF). Cachectic cancer patients also show an increased expression of uncoupling protein-3 in muscle, which may act as an energy sink, increasing energy expenditure. Loss of adipose tissue appears to be due to an increase in degradation of triglycerides, rather than a decrease in synthesis. One candidate for this effect is a tumor lipid mobilizing factor, which stimulates lipolysis directly through a cyclic AMP-mediated process via interaction with a beta3-adrenergic receptor. Loss of skeletal muscle arises from both a depression in protein synthesis and an increase in protein degradation. The major proteolytic pathway involved in intracellular protein breakdown in cachectic muscle is the ATP-ubiquitin-dependent proteolytic pathway. Both PIF and tumor necrosis factor-alpha, but not other cytokines, can induce expression of the key regulatory components of this pathway. Eicosapentaenoic acid, found in oily fish, effectively attenuates protein degradation in cachectic muscle by inhibiting the increased proteasome expression and can stabilize body weight in cachectic cancer patients. ER  - 
Improved control of osteoarthritis pain and self-reported health status in non-responders to celecoxib switched to rofecoxib: Results of PAVIA, an open-label post-marketing survey in Spain; Methods: An open-label multicentre study was conducted in primary care centres in Spain to investigate the effect of a switch from celecoxib to rofecoxib among patients with osteoarthritis and to identify factors associated with a good response to rofecoxib treatment. Patients were eligible to participate in this study if their physicians considered that they might benefit from such a change of therapy. A total of 2228 patients (1481 women) were enrolled in the study: participants' mean age was 66.37 years (SD 9.04). Mean duration of OA was 7.44 (6.38) years. Predominant sites of OA included the knee (1132 patients, 50.8%), lumbar spine (977 patients, 43.9%) and cervical spine (739 patients, 33.2%). At baseline, most patients (77%) were being prescribed celecoxib 200 mg/day; during the study most (92.5%) received rofecoxib 25 mg/day. The mean interval between switch to rofecoxib and follow-up interview was 33 days. Principal results: Patients considered the therapeutic response to rofecoxib substantially and significantly superior to that previously obtained with celecoxib for the management of OA-related pain and OA-related health status (p < 0.001). Seventy-two percent of patients classified their response to rofecoxib therapy as 'good' or 'very good' (vs 6. 6% of patients at baseline with celecoxib) and 89.3% of patients expressed satisfaction with rofecoxib (vs 28.9% at baseline with celecoxib). Improvements reported in patient self-assessments following rofecoxib therapy were complemented by similar changes in physician perceptions. The number of patients considered by their doctors to have 'good' or 'very good' OA-related health status rose from 10.1% at baseline to 80.0% on completion of rofecoxib therapy. Ancillary indices such as the proportion of patients with self-reported depression were also favourably influenced by the switch to rofecoxib from celecoxib. Determinants of response: Patient characteristics identified in multivariate analysis as predictive of a favourable response to rofecoxib comprised age, obesity, depression, diabetes and OA-related overall health status. Conclusions: The results of this observational study indicate that rofecoxib 25 mg/day is likely to be more effective in patients with OA who do not respond well to celecoxib 200 mg/day and satisfies a large proportion of both patients and physicians. These data are of practical interest because they indicate that, at the doses most often used in primary practice in Spain to treat OA, many patients who are dissatisfied with the effects of celecoxib 200 mg/day may benefit from a switch to rofecoxib 25 mg/day. The data obtained in this study also reveal that younger OA patients with relatively uncomplicated clinical circumstances (a population in which use of Coxibs is relatively low at present) are likely to derive substantial benefit from a switch to rofecoxib therapy. ER  - 
Omega-3 fatty acids in major depressive disorder: A preliminary double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; Patients with depression have been extensively reported to be associated with the abnormality of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), including significantly low eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid in cell tissue contents (red blood cell membrane, plasma, etc.) and dietary intake. However, more evidence is needed to support its relation. In this study, we conducted an 8-week, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial, comparing omega-3 PUFAs (9.6 g/day) with placebo, on the top of the usual treatment, in 28 patients with major depressive disorder. Patients in the omega-3 PUFA group had a significantly decreased score on the 21-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression than those in the placebo group (P<0.001). From the preliminary findings in this study, omega-3 PUFAs could improve the short-term course of illness and were well tolerated in patients with major depressive disorder. © 2003 Elsevier B.V./ECNP. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Studies of compliance with delayed-release mesalazine therapy in patients with inflammatory bowel disease; Background: Non-compliance with maintenance mesalazine therapy may be a risk factor for relapse in inflammatory bowel disease, but the prevalence and determinants of non-compliance are unknown. Aim: To study the prevalence and determinants of non-compliance in patients with inflammatory bowel disease. Methods: Out-patients receiving delayed-release mesalazine were studied. Compliance was determined by direct enquiry and by analysis of urine samples for 5-aminosalicylic acid/N-acetyl-5-aminosalicylic acid. Potential determinants of compliance were assessed. Results: Ninety-eight patients were studied. Forty-two patients (43%) reported taking < 80% of their prescribed dose. Logistic regression revealed the independent predictors of non-compliance to be three-times daily dosing [odds ratio (OR), 3.1; 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.8-8.4] and full-time employment (OR, 2.7; 95% CI, 1.1-6.9). Urine from 12 patients (12%) contained no detectable 5-aminosalicylic acid/N-acetyl-5-aminosalicylic acid, and 18 patients (18%) had levels below those expected. Depression was the only independent predictor of complete non-compliance (OR, 10.5; 95% CI, 1.8-79.0), and three-times daily dosing was the only independent predictor of partial non-compliance (OR, 3.7; 95% CI, 1.8-8.9). Self-reporting correctly identified 66% of patients judged to be non-compliant on urinary drug measurement. Conclusions: Non-compliance with maintenance mesalazine therapy is common in patients with inflammatory bowel disease. Three-times daily dosing and full-time employment are predictors of partial non-compliance, whilst depression is associated with complete non-compliance. Self-reporting detects most non-compliant patients. ER  - 
Anxiety and labile hypertension in a 16-year-old male: The value of biopsychosocial medicine; Case. A 16-year-old white male visited his new pediatrician for a health supervision appointment. He had been in good general health, enjoyed playing music, and was doing well academically in high school. His only concerns were a small ganglion cyst on the wrist and the growth of his right scrotum over several months associated with an achy feeling. Symptoms of depression, associated with episodes of anxiety, started about 2 years previously. Paroxetine (20 mg/day) was prescribed by a psychiatrist who saw him every other week for counseling. He was taking minocycline 100 mg/day for acne. Symptoms of sadness, fatigue, and poor motivation improved modestly with treatment. He continued to have periods of anxiety, described as feeling tense and worried. He described these periods as "mini panic attacks." At times, these feelings surfaced suddenly without a specific triggering event or thought. He was never hospitalized. There were several family members with either depression or anxiety under the care of a physician. Physical examination revealed normal growth parameters (height, 75th percentile; weight, 40th percentile). Blood pressure (BP), as recorded by a female nurse, was 140/88 mm Hg, followed by 130/75 after 10 minutes supine and taken by a male physician. The examination was normal except for a large right scrotal mass that transilluminated, the ganglion cyst on his right wrist, and symmetrical hyperreflexia limited to both knees without weakness, spasticity, or any focal neurological signs. There was moderate pustular acne over the back and mild facial acne. Laboratory tests to evaluate hypertension included a normal blood urea nitrogen (BUN), creatinine, serum electrolytes, cholesterol, and complete blood count. Normal thyroid studies included a levothyroxin (T4) = 6.7 μg/dL and thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH) = 2.34 μlU/mL. Plans for home monitoring of BP and office follow-up were made. An ultrasound of the scrotum demonstrated a large right hydrocele. At the next office visit 6 weeks later, his BP was 138/96 mm Hg (by the nurse), followed by 135/80 and 138/85 mm Hg taken by the physician. Recordings at home averaged 132/70-80 mm Hg. He reported feeling anxious and experiencing an increased heart rate at the doctor's office. In addition, he stated that he was feeling more anxious in general with episodes of what he described as "panic attacks." His psychiatrist increased the paroxetine to 30 mg daily. He was referred to a urologist for evaluation and surgical treatment of the hydrocele. Shortly after the initiation of anesthesia with propofol, becuronium, and meperidine, his BP was recorded as 260/110 mm Hg (BP normal at the hospital before anesthesia). The BP normalized within 15 minutes after discontinuation of anesthesia without pharmacological intervention. A cardiac examination, including four extremity blood pressures and an EKG, was normal; serum electrolytes and BUN and a comprehensive urine drug screen were negative. He saw his pediatrician the following day. BP in the office was 126/74 mm Hg (pulse = 76). He did not appear anxious or depressed and showed appropriate concern with the hypertension. The pediatrician ordered a 24-hour urine collection for catecholamines. The test was positive for norepinephrine (491 UG/G creatinine); normal value for 11 to 17 year olds is 4 to 105 U/G creatinine). The other catecholamines were normal: epinephrine = 5 UG/G creatinine, dopamine = 388 UG/G creatinine, and vanillylmandelic acid (VMA) = 7.3 MG/G creatinine. Additional history revealed that the patient's symptoms of anxiety and "panic" had an episodic pattern associated with pallor and sweating. A magnetic resonance imaging study demonstrated a 4- to 5-cm mass between two renal arteries on the left side. There was a 2-cm lesion at the right aortocaval region near the kidney. A second lesion was visualized on the left side. A metaiodobenzyl guanidine (MIGB) scan, a specific radionuclear study for neural crest tumors, revealed uptake in the same areas without other evidence of tumor. These studies are consistent with pheochromocytoma. ER  - 
The importance of omega-3 fatty acids for behaviour, cognition and mood; There is mounting evidence that functional deficiencies or imbalances in certain highly unsaturated fatty acids (HUFA) of the omega-3 and omega-6 series may contribute to a wide range of developmental and psychiatric conditions, including dyslexia, dyspraxia, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), autism, depression, bipolar disorder and the schizophrenia spectrum. These nutrients are essential to the development and function of the brain, but the omega-3 HUFA in particular (eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids) are often lacking from modern diets. The evidence implicating omega-3 fatty acids in these conditions is summarized here, with a focus on the results from randomized controlled treatment trials. These indicate that treatment with eicosapentaenoic acid can reduce symptoms in adults with mood disorders, schizophrenia and possibly Huntington's disease. In children, preliminary evidence suggests that omega-3 HUFA could also reduce some of the behavioural and learning difficulties associated with ADHD, dyslexia and related conditions. The key features of most of these conditions can be found in milder form as part of normal individual differences in mood, behaviour and cognition. The evidence presented here therefore has implications for the general population, and indicates that an adequate dietary intake of omega-3 fatty acids in particular may be crucial for optimal mental health and functioning. ER  - 
Cognitive function in post-treatment Lyme disease: Do additional antibiotics help?; Background: It is controversial whether additional antibiotic treatment will improve cognitive function in patients with post-treatment chronic Lyme disease (PTCLD). Objective: To determine whether antibiotic therapy improves cognitive function in two randomized double-blind placebo- controlled studies of patients with PTCLD. Methods: A total of 129 patients with a physician-documented history of Lyme disease from three study sites in the northeast United States were studied. Seventy-eight were seropositive for IgG antibodies against Borrelia burgdorferi, and 51 were seronegative, Patients in each group were randomly assigned to receive IV ceftriaxone 2 g daily for 30 days followed by oral doxycycline 200 mg daily for 60 days or matching IV and oral placebos. Assessments were made at 90 and 180 days after treatment. Symptom severity was measured from the cognitive functioning, pain, and role functioning scales of the Medical Outcomes Study (MOS). Memory, attention, and executive functioning were assessed using objective tests. Mood was assessed using the Beck Depression Inventory and Minnesota Multiphasic Personality Inventory. Results: There were no significant baseline differences between seropositive and seronegative groups. Both groups reported a high frequency of MOS symptoms, depression, and somatic complaints but had normal baseline neuropsychological test scores. The combined groups showed significant decreases in MOS symptoms, higher objective test scores, and improved mood between baseline and 90 days. However, there were no significant differences between those receiving antibiotics and placebo. Conclusion: Patients with post-treatment chronic Lyme disease who have symptoms but show no evidence of persisting Borrelia infection do not show objective evidence of cognitive impairment. Additional antibiotic therapy was not more beneficial than administering placebo. ER  - 
Effects of the nitric oxide donor, DEA/NO on cortical spreading depression; Cortical spreading depression (CSD) is a transient disruption of local ionic homeostasis that may promote migraine attacks and the progression of stroke lesions. We reported previously that the local inhibition of nitric oxide (NO) synthesis with Nω-nitro-L-arginine methyl ester (L-NAME) delayed markedly the initiation of the recovery of ionic homeostasis from CSD. Here we describe a novel method for selective, controlled generation of exogenous NO in a functioning brain region. It is based on microdialysis perfusion of the NO donor, 2-(N,N-diethylamino)-diazenolate-2-oxide (DEA/NO). As DEA/NO does not generate NO at alkaline pH, and as the brain has a strong acid-base buffering capacity, DEA/NO was perfused in a medium adjusted at alkaline (but unbuffered) pH. Without DEA/NO, such a microdialysis perfusion medium did not alter CSD. DEA/NO (1, 10 and 100 μM) had little effect on CSD by itself, but it reversed in a concentration-dependent manner the effects of NOS inhibition by 1 mM L-NAME. These data demonstrate that increased formation of endogenous NO associated with CSD is critical for subsequent, rapid recovery of cellular ionic homeostasis. In this case, the molecular targets for NO may be located either on brain cells to suppress mechanisms directly involved in CSD genesis, or on local blood vessels to couple flow to the increased energy demand associated with CSD. © 2003 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The dexamethasone suppression test and CSF-5-HIAA in relation to suicidality and depression in suicide attempters; This study tested suicidality in relation to cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) 5-hydroxyindoleacetic acid (5-HIAA) and the dexamethasone suppression test. Patients with nonsuppression of cortisol had the highest scores of the Suicide Assessment Scale (SUAS) and the Montgomery Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS), respectively (P < 0.05; P < 0.01). The results persisted when analysed for covariance with CSF-5-HIAA. We have previously noted an elevated suicide risk in suicide attempters with high SUAS-scores, why a large part of nonsuppressors may be at high risk for future suicide. © 2003 Éditions scientifiques et médicales Elsevier SAS. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Altered long-term corticostriatal synaptic plasticity in transgenic mice overexpressing human Cu/Zn superoxide dismutase (Gly93→Ala) mutation; Apart from the extensive loss of motor neurons, degeneration of midbrain dopaminergic cells has been described in both familial and sporadic forms of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS). Mice overexpressing the mutant human Cu/Zn superoxide dismutase (SOD1) show an ALS-like phenotype in that they show a progressive death of motor neurons accompanied by degeneration of dopaminergic cells. To describe the functional alterations specifically associated with this dopaminergic dysfunction, we have investigated the corticostriatal synaptic plasticity in mice overexpressing the human SOD1 (SOD1+) and the mutated (Gly93→Ala) form (G93A+) of the same enzyme. We show that repetitive stimulation of the corticostriatal pathway generates long-term depression (LTD) in SOD1+ mice and in control (G93A-/SOD1-) animals, whereas in G93A+ mice the same stimulation generates an N-methyl-D-aspartic acid receptor-dependent long-term potentiation. No significant alterations were found in the intrinsic membrane properties of striatal medium spiny neurons and basal corticostriatal synaptic transmission of G93A+ mice. Bath perfusion of dopamine or the D2 dopamine receptor agonist quinpirole restored LTD in G93A+ mice. Consistent with these in vitro results, habituation of locomotor activity and striatal-dependent active avoidance learning were impaired in G93A+ mice. Thus, degeneration of dopaminergic neurons in the substantia nigra of G93A+ mice causes substantial modifications in striatal synaptic plasticity and related behaviors, and may be a cellular substrate of the extrapyramidal motor and cognitive disorders observed in familial and sporadic ALS. © 2003 IBRO. Published by Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Analysis of medication use patterns:apparent overuse of antibiotics and underuse of prescription drugs for asthma, depression, and CHF.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the appropriateness of prescription medication use based upon widely accepted treatment guidelines. METHODS: We analyzed administrative claims for the period October 1, 1998, through September 20, 1999, supplied by 3 California health plans to determine medication use patterns for outpatient prescriptions. We compared these patterns to those expected in the presence of adherence to treatment guidelines. RESULTS: During the study period, only 27.5% of antidepressant users received the recommended 6 months of continuous therapy, only 49.0% of diagnosed asthma patients received at least one inhaled corticosteroid prescription (compared to 67.1% who received at least one inhaled beta-agonist prescription), and only 54.5% of patients diagnosed with congestive heart failure (CHF) received an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor. Of patients who had a diagnosis of common cold or upper respiratory tract infection, 35.7% received antibiotics. CONCLUSION: There is a remarkable degree of apparent overuse and underuse of prescription medications despite the existence of clinical guidelines to support appropriate use in the conditions studied. Effective medications appear to be underused for patients with asthma, CHF, and depression. Antibiotics appear to be overused for the common cold and upper respiratory infections. More effective efforts must be made to address appropriate use of medications. Without these efforts, improved quality of care and decreased total health system costs are unlikely to be realized. ER  - 
Thyroid receptor ligands. 1. Agonist ligands selective for the thyroid receptor β1; Endogenous thyroid receptor hormones 3,5,3′,5′-tetraiodo-L-thyronine (T4, 1) and 3,5,3′-triiodo-L-thyronine (T3, 2) exert a significant effects on growth, development, and homeostasis in mammals. They regulate important genes in intestinal, skeletal, and cardiac muscles, the liver, and the central nervous system, influence overall metabolic rate, cholesterol and triglyceride levels, and heart rate, and affect mood and overall sense of well being. The literature suggests many or most effects of thyroid hormones on the heart, in particular on the heart rate and rhythm, are mediated through the TRα1 isoform, while most actions of the hormones on the liver and other tissues are mediated more through the TRβ1 isoform of the receptor. Some effects of thyroid hormones may be therapeutically useful in nonthyroid disorders if adverse effects can be minimized or eliminated. These potentially useful features include weight reduction for the treatment of obesity, cholesterol lowering for treating hyperlipidemia, amelioration of depression, and stimulation of bone formation in osteoporosis. Prior attempts to utilize thyroid hormones pharmacologically to treat these disorders have been limited by manifestations of hyperthyroidism and, in particular, cardiovascular toxicity. Consequently, development of thyroid hormone receptor agonists that are selective for the β-isoform could lead to safe therapies for these common disorders while avoiding cardiotoxicity. We describe here the synthesis and evaluation of a series of novel TR ligands, which are selective for TRβ1 over TRα1. These ligands could potentially be useful for treatment of various disorders as outlined above. From a series of homologous R1-substituted carboxylic acid derivatives, increasing chain length was found to have a profound effect on affinity and selectivity in a radioreceptor binding assay for the human thyroid hormone receptors α1 and β1 (TRα1 and TRβ2) as well as a reporter cell assay employing CHOK1-cells (Chinese hamster ovary cells) stably transfected with hTRα1 or hTRβ1 and an alkaline phosphatase reporter-gene downstream thyroid response element (TRAFα1 and TRAFβ1). Affinity increases in the order formic, acetic, and propionic acid, while β-selectivity is highest when the R1 position is substituted with acetic acid. Within this series 3,5-dibromo-4-[(4-hydroxy-3-isopropylphenoxy)phenyl]acetic acid (11a) and 3,5-dichloro-4-[(4-hydroxy-3-isopropylphenoxy)phenyl]acetic acid (15) were found to reveal the most promising in vitro data based on isoform selectivity and were selected for further in vivo studies. The effect of 2, 11a, and 15 in a cholesterol-fed rat model was monitored including potencies for heart rate (ED15), cholesterol (ED50), and TSH (ED50). Potency for tachycardia was significantly reduced for the TRβ selective compounds 11a and 15 compared with 2, while both 11a and 15 retained the cholesterol-lowering potency of 2. This left an approximately 10-fold therapeutic window between heart rate and cholesterol, which is consistent with the action of ligands that are approximately 10-fold more selective for TRβ1. We also report the X-ray crystallographic structures of the ligand binding domains of TRα and TRβ in complex with 15. These structures reveal that the single amino acid difference in the ligand binding pocket (Ser277 in TRα or Asn331 in TRβ) results in a slightly different hydrogen bonding pattern that may explain the increased β-selectivity of 15. ER  - 
Treating recalcitrant diabetic wounds with hyaluronic acid: a review of patients.; The wound healing process in the patient with diabetes can be adversely affected by many factors, including unrelieved pressure, infection, and concurrent underlying conditions. In addition, a static wound may exacerbate patient anxiety or depression and indirectly further delay the healing process while increasing the risk of complications. The polysaccharide hyaluronic acid has long been known to be an integral component of the extracellular matrix in the dermis and other tissues and is implicated in the process of wound healing and tissue repair. Research has shown the benefit of using a novel ester of hyaluronic acid to accelerate the healing process and effectively treat diabetic foot ulceration and other difficult-to-heal chronic wounds. The effects of care using hyaluronic acid on three patients with challenging wounds are presented. ER  - 
Impairment of human ether-à-go-go-related gene (HERG) K+ channel function by hypoglycemia and hyperglycemia: Similar phenotypes but different mechanisms; Hyperglycemia and hypoglycemia both can cause prolongation of the Q-T interval and ventricular arrhythmias. Here we studied modulation of human ether-à-gogo-related gene (HERG) K+ channel, the major molecular component of delayed rectifier K+ current responsible for cardiac repolarization, by glucose in HEK293 cells using whole-cell patch clamp techniques. We found that both hyperglycemia (extracellular glucose concentration [Glu]o = 10 or 20 mM) and hypoglycemia ([Glu]o = 2.5, 1, or 0 mM) impaired HERG function by reducing HERG current (IHERG) density, as compared with normoglycemia ([Glu]o = 5 mM). Complete inhibition of glucose metabolism (glycolysis and oxidative phosphorylation) by 2-deoxy-D-glucose mimicked the effects of hypoglycemia, but inhibition of glycolysis or oxidative phosphorylation alone did not cause IHERG depression. Depletion of intracellular ATP mimicked the effects of hypoglycemia, and replacement of ATP by GTP or non-hydrolysable ATP failed to prevent the effects. Inhibition of oxidative phosphorylation by NaCN or application of antioxidants vitamin E or superoxide dismutase mimetic (Mn(III) tetrakis(4-benzoic acid) porphyrin chloride) abrogated and incubation with xanthine/xanthine oxidase mimicked the effects of hyperglycemia. Hyperglycemia or xanthine/ xanthine oxidase markedly increased intracellular levels of reactive oxygen species, as measured by 5-(and-6)chloromethyl-2′,7′-dichlorodihydrofluorescein diacetate (CM-H2DCFDA) fluorescence dye, and this increase was prevented by NaCN, vitamin E, or Mn(III) tetrakis(4-benzoic acid) porphyrin chloride. We conclude that ATP, derived from either glycolysis or oxidative phosphorylation, is critical for normal HERG function; depression of IHERG in hypoglycemia results from underproduction of ATP and in hyperglycemia from overproduction of reactive oxygen species. Impairment of HERG function might contribute to Q-T prolongation caused by hypoglycemia and hyperglycemia. ER  - 
A role for COX-2 and p38 mitogen activated protein kinase in long-term depression in the rat dentate gyrus in vitro; Long-term potentiation (LTP) and long-term depression (LTD) are two forms of activity-dependent synaptic plasticity that are thought to be involved in learning and memory. Evidence has shown that cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2), an enzyme that converts arachidonic acid to prostaglandins, is expressed in postsynaptic dendritic spines and is regulated by synaptic activity. COX-2 inhibition has been shown to directly attenuate LTP in the dentate gyrus of the hippocampus. Also recently the p38 MAP kinase cascade, a pathway utilised by cells for COX-2 expression, has been implicated in LTD induction in the CA1 region of the hippocampus. Here we demonstrate for the first time a direct role for COX-2 and p38 MAP kinase in LTD and confirm the inhibitory role of COX-2 in LTP in the rat dentate gyrus. Perfusion of the COX-2 inhibitor NS-398 (1 μM) 60 min before tetanic stimulation resulted in an attenuation of LTD (84 ± 5%, n = 5 compared to controls of 57 ± 7%, n = 6, P < 0.05). Prolonged exposure (2 h) to NS-398 (1 μM) resulted in a significant reduction in LTP (71 ± 8%, n = 5, P < 0.01 compared to controls of 170 ± 11%, n = 5 at 60 min post HFS). The p38 MAPK inhibitor, SB220025 (250 nM) significantly attenuated LTD (88 ± 5%, n = 7; P < 0.01 compared to vehicle controls at 60 min, 56 ± 5%, n = 6) but had no significant effect on LTP. Both NS-398 and SB220025 had no significant effect on the isolated NMDA-mediated EPSP. These data demonstrate a role for COX-2 and p38 MAPK in LTD in the dentate gyrus in vitro that is independent of NMDA receptor activation. © 2003 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Smoking, gender, and dietary influences on erythrocyte essential fatty acid composition among patients with schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder; Background: Prior reports of decreased levels of essential fatty acids among schizophrenic patients have generated several hypotheses proposing inherent abnormalities in phospholipid and fatty acid metabolism and have provided the basis for treatment trials; however, these essential fatty acid aberrations may be attributable to uncontrolled factors, such as smoking, rather than abnormalities inherent to schizophrenia. Methods: Erythrocyte fatty acid compositions were quantified in 72 medicated schizophrenic or schizoaffective patients both at baseline and after 16 weeks of supplementation with 3 g/day of either ethyl-eicosapentaenoic acid or placebo. Current smoking status, gender, dietary survey, and Montgomery Asburg Depression Rating Scale, Repeatable Battery for the Assessment of Neuropsychological Status, Abnormal Involuntary Movement Scale, and Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale scores were assessed. Results: Schizophrenic patients who smoked had lower baseline erythrocyte docosahexaenoic acid percent (2.98 ± .7 vs. 3.59 ± 1.2, p < .005) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) percent (.39 ± .13 vs. .47 ± .22, p < .05), compared with nonsmokers, with a significant gender interaction (p < .01) in multivariate analyses of variance. Baseline arachidonic acid did not differ. Smokers reported lower dietary intake (percent total fat) of linolenic acid (F = 10.1, p < .003) compared with nonsmokers. Nonsmoking women reported greater dietary intake of EPA compared with smoking men or nonsmokers of either gender. Conclusions: Smoking status, gender, and dietary intake significantly predicted erythrocyte polyunsaturated fatty acid status among schizophrenic patients. No evidence was found for subgroups of schizophrenia or relationships to specific symptom severity on the basis of erythrocyte fatty acids. Prior reports of abnormalities of essential fatty acid metabolism among schizophrenic patients may have been an artifact of patients' smoking behavior and differences in dietary intake of ω-3 fatty acids. © 2003 Society of Biological Psychiatry. ER  - 
Cytokine mediation of experimental heart failure-induced anhedonia; Immune system dysfunction is hypothesized to influence several disease states, including cardiovascular disease and psychological depression. The comorbidity of depression and coronary artery disease may be influenced by immune system-brain interactions involving proinflammatory cytokines. The present studies evaluated an index of depression in a rodent model of heart failure by measuring responses to rewarding electrical brain stimulation, which provides an experimental procedure to operationally define anhedonia in rats. Heart failure led to a rightward shift in the currentresponse relationship in the brain stimulation paradigm, indicative of reduced rewarding properties of the brain stimulation (i.e., anhedonia). Acute treatment with a tumor necrosis factor antagonist, etanercept, reduced circulating tumor necrosis factor-α levels in rats with heart failure and restored responding for electrical brain stimulation. The current findings have implications for the study of pathophysiological mechanisms underlying the association of cardiovascular disease and depression. ER  - 
Current pharmacotherapy for the treatment of severe burns; The pharmacotherapy of burn care has evolved from the first topical antibiotics instituted > 30 years ago. These have helped greatly to reduce the incidence of burn wound sepsis, but a better understanding of the principles of burn care has resulted in earlier burn wound excision and complete coverage with autograft, cadaver skin, synthetic dressings, and amnion. This has markedly reduced septic complications and ameliorated the hypermetabolic response to burn injury. The hypermetabolic response, which is mediated by hugely increased levels of circulating catecholamines, prostaglandins, glucagon and cortisol, causes profound skeletal muscle catabolism, immune deficiency, peripheral lipolysis, reduced bone mineralisation, reduced linear growth, and increased energy expenditure. Supportive therapy and pharmacological manipulation, acutely and during rehabilitation, with growth hormone, insulin and related proteins, oxandrolone and propranolol can ameliorate the hypermetabolic response, improving survival and long-term outcome. Despite judicious use of topical and systemic antibiotics, opportunistic nosocomial bacterial resistance threatens to annul the improved survival of patients with severe burns. Patterns of emerging resistance encountered in burn units need to be considered, in light of a decreasing antibiotic armamentarium. A holistic approach to pharmacotherapy of severely burned patients including current practice in antimicrobial control, analgesia, sedation, and anxiety management is required. Current therapy of frequently encountered problems, such as post-burn pruritus, prophylaxis of deep venous thrombosis and peptic ulceration, and pharmacological manipulation of inhalation injury in the burned patient is described. Current pharmacotherapy to ameliorate psychosocial problems associated with burns such as acute stress disorder, depression and post traumatic stress disorder are discussed. Better analgesics, newer antibiotics and immune stimulating drugs are required to reduce mortality and morbidity in large burns. ER  - 
Demographics, assessment and management of pain in the elderly; The prevalence of pain increases with each decade of life. Pain in the elderly is distinctly different from pain experienced by younger individuals. Cancer is a leading cause of pain; however, other conditions that cause pain such as facet joint arthritis (causing low back pain), polymyalgia rheumatica, Paget's disease, neuropathies, peripheral vascular disease and coronary disease most commonly occur in patients over the age of 50 years. Poorly controlled pain in the elderly leads to cognitive failure, depression and mood disturbance and reduces activities of daily living. Barriers to pain management include a sense of fatalism, denial, the desire to be 'the good patient', geographical barriers and financial limitations. Aging causes physiological changes that alter the pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of analgesics, narrowing their therapeutic index and increasing the risk of toxicity and drug-drug interactions. CNS changes lead to an increased risk of delirium. Assessment among the verbal but cognitively impaired elderly is satisfactorily accomplished with the help of unidimensional and multidimensional pain scales. A comprehensive physical examination and pain history is essential, as well as a review of cognitive function and activities of daily living. The goal of pain management among the elderly is improvement in pain and optimisation of activities of daily living, not complete eradication of pain nor the lowest possible drug dosages. Most successful management strategies combine pharmacological and nonpharmacological (home remedies, massage, topical agents, heat and cold packs and informal cognitive strategies) therapies. A basic principle of the pharmacological approach in the elderly is to start analgesics at low dosages and titrate slowly. The WHO's three-step guideline to pain management should guide prescribing. Opioid choices necessitate an understanding of pharmacology to ensure safe administration in end-organ failure and avoidance of drug interactions. Adjuvant analgesics are used to reduce opioid adverse effects or improve poorly controlled pain. Adjuvant analgesics (NSAIDs, tricyclic antidepressants and antiepileptic drugs) are initiated prior to opioids for nociceptive and neuropathic pain. Preferred adjuvants for nociceptive pain are short-acting paracetamol (acetaminophen), NSAIDs, cyclo-oxygenase-2 inhibitors and corticosteroids (short-term). Preferred drugs for neuropathic pain include desipramine, nortriptyline, gabapentin and valproic acid. Drugs to avoid are pentazocine, pethidine (meperidine), dextropropoxyphene and opioids that are both an agonist and antagonist, ketorolac, indomethacin, piroxicam, mefenamic acid, amitriptyline and doxepin. The type of pain, and renal and hepatic function, alter the preferred adjuvant and opioid choices. Selection of the appropriate analgesics is also influenced by versatility, polypharmacy, severity and type of pain, drug availability, associated symptoms and cost. ER  - 
Salicylate action on medullary inspiratory neuron activity in a brainstem-spinal cord preparation from newborn rats; Salicylate affects central respiratory control. The inspiratory neurons are the most important component of the medullary respiratory control center because they modulate the final motor output via the phrenic nerve. We investigated changes in burst rate, intraburst firing frequency, and membrane properties of inspiratory neurons in the isolated brainstem after the administration of salicylate. Newborn rat brainstem-spinal cord preparations were superfused with salicylate. Whole-cell recordings were performed from inspiratory neurons. Application of 1 mM salicylate caused an increase in the inspiratory neuronal burst rate from 6.9 ± 1.6 bursts/min to 8.2 ± 1.9 bursts/min (P < 0.05). The inspiratory neuron burst rate decreased from 8.3 ± 0.7 bursts/min to 4.5 ± 1.1 bursts/min after the application of 10 mM salicylate (P < 0.01). The depressant effect of 10 mM salicylate was antagonized by the γ-aminobutyric acid (GABA) receptor antagonist bicuculline (1μM). Resting membrane potential and intraburst firing frequency did not change with the application of salicylate and bicuculline even when the burst rate did change. We conclude that the effects of salicylate on the medullary inspiratory neurons are mainly due to a presynaptic action. GABAergic mechanisms are probably involved in the salicylate-induced central respiratory depression. ER  - 
Decreased modulation by lipopolysaccharide of aortic smooth muscle contractility in streptozotocin-induced hyperglycemic rats; Infection is a major complication of patients with diabetes, and endotoxemic shock is a serious complication during sepsis. The purpose of this study was to determine whether the action of bacterial lipopolysaccharide (LPS) on vasocontractility is altered in diabetic vessels. Diabetes was induced in 10-week-old Wistar rats by an intraperitoneal injection of streptozotocin. LPS-induced increase in cGMP (cyclic guanosine 3′,5′-monophosphate) level was lower in aortae from streptozotocin-induced hyperglycemic (diabetic) rats than in those from vehicle-injected control rats, while LPS-induced nitric oxide production was not different in the diabetic and control aortae. Phenylephrine-induced contraction of diabetic aortae was lower than that of the control aortae. LPS treatment resulted in depression of contractile response to phenylephrine in both diabetic and control aortae, and the degree of depression was much lower in diabetic aortae. Treatment with NG monomethyl L-arginine (L-NMMA) prevented diminution of phenylephrine-induced contraction of the aortae after LPS stimulation, and the degree of the preventive effect by L-NMMA was significantly lower in diabetic aortae than in the control aortae. Protein expression of inducible nitric oxide synthase detected by Western blot analysis was not different in the diabetic and control aortae. The decrease in cGMP production after LPS stimulation in diabetic aortae was not prevented by treatment of the aortae with superoxide dismutase but was partially prevented by that with Tiron (4,5-dihydroxy-1,3-benzene disulfonic acid), a cell-permeable scavenger of reactive oxygen species. These results suggest that LPS-induced depression of vasocontractility is attenuated in diabetic aortae due to a decrease in nitric oxide-stimulated cGMP production, probably resulting from increased inactivation of inducible nitric oxide by excessive intracellular oxidative stress. It is concluded that contractility of aortae from streptozotocin-induced hyperglycemic rats may be less affected by LPS during endotoxemia. ER  - 
Hormonal modulation of δ6 and δ5 desaturases: Case of diabetes; Animal biosynthesis of high polyunsaturated fatty acids from linoleic, α-linolenic and oleic acids is mainly modulated by the Δ6 and Δ5 desaturases through dietary and hormonal stimulated mechanisms. From hormones, only insulin activates both enzymes. In experimental diabetes mellitus type-1, the depressed Δ6 desaturase is restored by insulin stimulation of the gene expression of its mRNA. However, cAMP or cycloheximide injection prevents this effect. The depression of Δ6 and Δ5 desaturases in diabetes is rapidly correlated by lower contents of arachidonic acid and higher contents of linoleic in almost all the tissues except brain. However, docosahexaenoic n-3 acid enhancement, mainly in liver phospholipids, is not explained yet. In experimental non-insulin dependent diabetes, the effect upon the Δ6 and Δ5 desaturases is not clear. From all other hormones glucagon, adrenaline, glucocorticoids, mineralocorticoids, oestriol, oestradiol, testosterone and ACTH depress both desaturases, and a few hormones: progesterone, cortexolone and pregnanediol are inactive. © 2002 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Hypometabolism, antioxidant defenses and free radical metabolism in the pulmonate land snail Helix aspersa; The aim of this work was to evaluate the effect of a cycle of estivation and awakening on free radical metabolism in selected organs of the land snail Helix aspersa. Estivation for 20 days induced a 4.9- and 1.8-fold increase in selenium-dependent glutathione peroxidase activity (Se-GPX) and in total glutathione levels (GSH-eq), respectively, in hepatopancreas when compared to activity in active animals 24 h after awakening. Foot muscle Se-GPX activity was also increased 3.9-fold during estivation, whereas GSH-eq did not vary. The activities of other antioxidant enzymes (catalase, superoxide dismutase, glutathione reductase and glutathione S-transferase) and glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase were unchanged in both organs. After 15 min of awakening, the glutathione disulphide (GSSG)/GSH-eq ratio increased significantly by 55% in hepatopancreas, slowly returning to the levels observed during estivation. The higher GSSG/GSH-eq ratio may be caused by increased formation of reactive oxygen species (ROS) during awakening. The levels of thiobarbituric acid reactive substances (TBARS) decreased from 49 to 30.7 nmol g-1 wet mass in hepatopancreas after 5 min arousal and, after 30 min, TBARS rose significantly to 39.6 nmol g-1 wet mass, gradually declining thereafter. The levels of lipid hydroperoxides in hepatopancreas and of carbonyl protein in foot muscle both decreased during awakening. The higher levels of products of free radical damage during estivation may have resulted from low levels of ROS formation associated with decreased rates of lipid hydroperoxide detoxification and oxidized protein turnover caused by metabolic depression. The regulation of the antioxidant system during hypometabolism may constitute a mechanism to minimize oxidative stress during cycles of estivation and awakening. ER  - 
The acne challenge: Management in an age of bacterial resistance; Acne vulgaris - or, more simply, acne - is the most prevalent skin disease, affecting nearly 80% of persons aged 11 to 30 years at some point in their lives.1 The condition may persist for years sometimes into middle age and later - and may result in permanent scarring and disfigurement, emotional problems, and depression. Although many treatments for acne are available, effective management has become increasingly challenging with the emergence of antibiotic- resistant strains of Propionibacterium acnes - the gram-positive anaerobe responsible for the inflammation of acne. Resistance to P. acnes is reported to have increased from "extremely rare to occasional" in the mid 1980s to 62% in referral centers in 1996.2 It is now estimated that one in four patients with acne harbors strains resistant to at least one of the major antibiotics.3 "Antibiotic therapy has been a backbone in the management of acne for many decades and probably will continue to be in the future, although, with the development of less-sensitive strains, the predictability of antibiotic therapy can no longer be assumed," stated James J. Leyden, MD, who is Professor in the Department of Dermatology at the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine in Philadelphia. To further physician understanding of the impact of bacterial resistance in the management of acne, Dr. Leyden moderated this Medical Crossfire with a panel of leaders in the fields of dermatology, pediatrics, and infectious diseases. ER  - 
Systemic inflammation leads to resistance to atracurium without increasing membrane expression of acetylcholine receptors; Background: Systemic inflammation may be associated with resistance to nondepolarizing neuromuscular blocking drugs, the mechanisms of which are, however, uncharacterized. The authors therefore investigated the pharmacodynamics of atracurium and its relation to the expression of nicotinic acetylcholine receptors and α1-acid glycoprotein in a rat model of systemic inflammation. Methods: To induce a systemic inflammation, male CD rats received 56 mg/kg corynebacterium parvum intravenously. On days 2, 4, 6, 8, 10, 12, 14, or 16 after infection, neuromuscular transmission was measured. The individual effective dose of atracurium was determined, followed by an atracurium infusion at a rate to establish a steady state neuromuscular block of 50%. Total and unbound plasma concentrations of atracurium for 50% paralysis were measured using high-performance liquid chromatography. Acetylcholine receptors were quantitated using 125I-α-bungarotoxin. α1-Acid glycoprotein concentrations in the serum were measured using a competitive chemiluminescence immunoassay. Results: The effective dose of atracurium was increased on days 4, 6, and 8. Total atracurium plasma concentrations at 50% neuromuscular paralysis were increased on days 4, 6, 8, and 10, with a peak at day 8 (8.0 ± 1.3 μg/ml) compared with control rats (4.23 ± 0.82 μg/ml). The α1-acid glycoprotein concentrations were increased between days 2 and 10, with a peak on day 4 (6.52 ± 1.45 mg/ml), and recovered to control values (0.61 ± 0.33 mg/ml) on day 12. Unbound plasma concentrations of atracurium to achieve 50% depression, as well as the expression of acetylcholine receptors, did not differ between groups. Conclusion: Resistance to atracurium during corynebacterium parvum-induced systemic inflammation is due to increased drug binding to α1-acid glycoprotein and is unrelated to changes in acetylcholine receptor expression. ER  - 
Panniculitis associated with pancreatitis in a cocker spaniel.; A 13-year-old, male cocker spaniel presented with a history of inappetence, depression and reluctance to stand. The dog had multiple, ulcerated skin lesions which were diagnosed as panniculitis by histopathology. A diagnosis of pancreatitis was made on the basis of markedly elevated serum lipase concentrations, abdominal ultrasonography which showed an abnormal lobulated area of hypoechoic tissue in the body and right lobe of the pancreas, and a fine needle biopsy from this area which revealed large numbers of degenerate neutrophils. After treatment with antibiotics and prednisolone, the dog made a full clinical recovery and was free of clinical signs for four months. The dog was euthanased five months later and postmortem examination revealed chronic, active pancreatitis and a pancreatic adenoma. This is the first report of antemortem diagnosis of pancreatitis and panniculitis in a dog. ER  - 
Glutamate and Depression: Clinical and Preclinical Studies; The past decade has seen a steady accumulation of evidence supporting a role for the excitatory amino acid (EAA) neurotransmitter, glutamate, and its receptors in depression and antidepressant activity. To date, evidence has emerged indicating that TV-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptor antagonists, group I metabotropic glutamate receptor (mGluR1 and mGluR 5) antagonists, as well as positive modulators of α-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazolepropionic acid (AMPA) receptors have antidepressant-like activity in a variety of preclinical models. Moreover, antidepressant-like activity can be produced not only by drugs modulating the glutamatergic synapse, but also by agents that affect subcellular signaling systems linked to EAA receptors (e.g., nitric oxide synthase). In view of the extensive colocalization of EAA and monoamine markers in nuclei such as the locus coeruleus and dorsal raphe, it is likely that an intimate relationship exists between regulation of monoaminergic and EAA neurotransmission and antidepressant effects. Further, there is also evidence implicating disturbances in glutamate metabolism, NMDA, and mGluR1,5 receptors in depression and suicidality. Finally, recent data indicate that a single intravenous dose of an NMDA receptor antagonist is sufficient to produce sustained relief from depressive symptoms. Taken together with the proposed role of neurotrophic factors in the neuroplastic responses to stressors and antidepressant treatments, these findings represent exciting and novel avenues to both understand depressive symptomatology and develop more effective antidepressants. ER  - 
Prospective study of depressive symptoms and quality of life in acne vulgaris patients treated with isotretinoin compared to antibiotic and topical therapy; There have been recent concerns about the possible association between isotretinoin therapy and depressive symptoms. We conducted a prospective study to evaluate depressive symptoms and quality of life in acne patients having either isotretinoin or antibiotics/topical treatments. There were 215 patients (mean age 20 years) included in the study. Depression, quality of life and acne severity ratings were administered at baseline, 1 month, 3 months and end of treatment or 6 months, and compared between both treatment groups. The changes in the mean depression scores did not differ significantly between both groups (P = 0.62). The incidence of isotretinoin patients with moderate depressive symptoms remained relatively unchanged from baseline. The changes in the quality-of-life measures scores between treatment groups showed no significant difference. No correlation between isotretinoin dose and depression score was found. Although five isotretinoin patients were withdrawn during the study because of worsening of mood, no definite causal relationship was established. This pilot study does not appear to support any direct link between depression and isotretinoin, apart from being a rare unpredictable idiosyncratic side-effect. However, because of the study limitations, a larger study is needed to confirm the findings. ER  - 
Omega-3 fatty acids in inflammation and autoimmune diseases; Among the fatty acids, it is the omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) which possess the most potent immunomodulatory activities, and among the omega-3 PUFA, those from fish oil - eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) - are more biologically potent than α-linolenic acid (ALA). Some of the effects of omega-3 PUFA are brought about by modulation of the amount and types of eicosanoids made, and other effects are elicited by eicosanoid-independent mechanisms, including actions upon intracellular signaling pathways, transcription factor activity and gene expression. Animal experiments and clinical intervention studies indicate that omega-3 fatty acids have anti-inflammatory properties and, therefore, might be useful in the management of inflammatory and autoimmune diseases. Coronary heart disease, major depression, aging and cancer are characterized by an increased level of interleukin 1 (IL-1), a proinflammatory cytokine. Similarly, arthritis, Crohn's disease, ulcerative colitis and lupus erythematosis are autoimmune diseases characterized by a high level of IL-1 and the proinflammatory leukotriene LTB4 produced by omega-6 fatty acids. There have been a number of clinical trials assessing the benefits of dietary supplementation with fish oils in several inflammatory and autoimmune diseases in humans, including rheumatoid arthritis, Crohn's disease, ulcerative colitis, psoriasis, lupus erythematosus, multiple sclerosis and migraine headaches. Many of the placebo-controlled trials of fish oil in chronic inflammatory diseases reveal significant benefit, including decreased disease activity and a lowered use of anti-inflammatory drugs. ER  - 
Aplastic anemia after transplantation for non-A, non-B, non-C fulminant hepatic failure: Case report and review of the literature; Aplastic anemia is a rare complication of liver transplantation (< 1%). However, an increasing number of cases of aplastic anemia have been recently reported when liver transplantation is performed for non-A, non-B, non-C fulminant hepatic failure. The aim of this study is to reevaluate the importance and the incidence of aplastic anemia after liver transplantation for non-A, non-B, non-C fulminant hepatic failure, and to propose preventive measures, diagnostic and management guidelines to try to reduce the incidence, morbidity and mortality associated with this complication. In this report a case of aplastic anemia after liver transplantation for non-A, non-B, non-C fulminant hepatic failure is described. In addition, the pertinent literature on aplastic anemia after liver transplantation, since the first description of that complication in 1987, is reviewed. A 20-year-old woman developed aplastic anemia 14 weeks after liver transplantation for fulminant non-A, non-B, non-C hepatitis. After failure of G-CSF treatment, she was treated with intensive immunosuppression (FK 506, ATG, high-dose steroids). She is well 1 year post-transplantation, with normal liver tests and with bone marrow recovery. Through a Medline literature search (1988-1999), we identified 30 additional cases of aplastic anemia following liver transplantation for non-A, non-B, non-C fulminant hepatic failure. Of all liver transplantations performed for that indication at five participating centers, the mean incidence of aplastic anemia was 23.2%. Mean age was 10 years (1.2-29) and the male/female ratio was 4.6. For treating aplastic anemia, different modalities were used: ATG (n = 12), ALG (n = 1), OKT 3 (n = 1), G-CSF (n = 6), a 6- HLA-compatible bone marrow transplantation (n = 3), and none (n = 12). The mortality rate remains high (39%), with infections and bleeding as the two most frequent causes of death. Based on this literature review, we conclude that aplastic anemia is a relatively common complication of liver transplantation for non-A, non-B, non-C fulminant hepatic failure in children and young adults. An unknown viral agent operating through immune-mediated mechanisms is probably responsible. The myelotoxic environment inherent to transplantation (e.g. azathioprine, trimethoprim) probably has a cumulative effect. Preventive measures (e.g. not using myelotoxic drugs) should be adopted in high-risk children and young adults transplanted for non-A, non-B, non-C fulminant hepatic failure. Early detection of bone marrow depression, a low threshold for performing a bone marrow biopsy, and prompt treatment are pivotal. Intensive standard supportive care with broad-spectrum antibiotics and anti-fungal agents is essential during phases of pancytopenia. Although spontaneous recovery has been described under maintenance immunosuppression, increased immunosuppression, in particular with ATG, may reverse the aplastic anemia and promote bone marrow recovery. In unresponsive patients, six-HLA-identical bone marrow transplantation has been successful. ER  - 
Reduced myocardial and systemic L-arginine uptake in heart failure; Altered nitric oxide (NO) bioavailability has been ascribed an important role in the pathophysiology of congestive heart failure (CHF). In the peripheral vasculature, we recently demonstrated a depression of L-arginine transport in association with pharmacological evidence of reduced endothelial function. In contrast, increased myocardial NO generation has been proposed to account for a component of the reduced myocardial contractility in CHF, although this remains controversial. We determined the whole body clearance rate and cardiac fractional extraction of L-arginine during a steady-state intravenous infusion of [3H]L-arginine (300 nCi/min) in 9 healthy control subjects and 7 patients with moderate to severe CHF. In patients with CHF, there was a 30% reduction in the transcardiac extraction of [3H]L-arginine compared with controls (P<0.05). which was accompanied by a trend toward reduced [3H]L-citrulline release (P=0.06)., In conjunction, the systemic clearance rate of [3H]L-arginine was significantly lower in patients with CHF (778±148 versus 1278±144 mL/min, P<0.05). In association with these biochemical indices, we observed a 38% reduction (P<0.05) in the mRNA expression of the cationic amino acid transporter CAT-1 in ventricular myocardial samples from patients with CHF compared with healthy unused donor myocardium, whereas myocardial NOS enzymatic activity and NOS protein were unchanged. These data indicate the presence of a significant reduction in the myocardial uptake of L-arginine in patients with CHF. Furthermore, this abnormality seems to be part of a systemic downregulation of L-arginine transport. ER  - 
Effects of methylprednisolone on axonal depression induced by hypoxia, γ-aminobutyric acid, and (±)-8-hydroxy-dipropylaminotetralin hydrobromide; OBJECTIVE: We sought to confirm the effects of methylprednisolone (MP) on axonal depression induced by hypoxia, γ-aminobutyric acid (GABA), and (±)-8-hydroxydipropylaminotetralin hydrobromide (8-OH-DPAT). METHODS: Compound action potentials were recorded to assess the effects of MP in neonatal rat spinal cord axons. Longitudinally hemisected spinal cords were superfused for 120 minutes in Ringer's solution saturated with 95% N2 and 5% CO2. The effect of MP on GABA- and 8-OH-DPAT-induced axonal depression was analyzed with oxygenated isolated dorsal columns. RESULTS: Hypoxia (120 min) significantly reduced the response amplitudes in hemicord preparations. MP (30 μmol/L) prevented hypoxia-induced depression of action potential amplitudes. In oxygenated dorsal column preparations, GABA (50 μmol/L) significantly reduced action potential amplitudes. At 10, 30, and 100 μmol/L, MP had no effect on axonal excitability and GABA-induced axonal depression. 8-OH-DPAT (100 μmol/L) significantly reduced the action potential amplitude. MP (10, 30, 50, and 100 μmol/L) reduced 8-OH-DPAT-induced amplitude depression in a dose-dependent manner. CONCLUSION: At the higher concentrations, MP protected spinal cord axons against hypoxia-induced excitability loss. It had an effect on serotonin 1A-induced axonal depression but not on GABA-induced depression. ER  - 
Osseous reconstruction using a membrane barrier following marginal mandibulectomy: An animal pilot study; Background: Invasive and malignant tumors of the oral soft tissues adjacent to the mandible are often treated with partial resection of the osseous structure adjacent to the lesion (marginal mandibulectomy). Autogenous bone graft and composite bone grafts are being used to fill the osseous defects with various degrees of success. The aim of the present study was to explore the utilization of membrane barriers and the principle of guided bone regeneration to negotiate these defects. Methods: Following the removal of P1, P2, and P3, experimental bilateral marginal mandibulectomy defects were created in 4 adult dogs. The bone segments (measuring 25 mm × 15 mm) were then removed. Each side was then randomly selected for either experimental (titanium-reinforced expanded polytetrafluoroethylene membrane, [ePTFE-TR]) or control (repositioning flaps) treatment. Postoperatively, the animals were put on soft diet, antibiotics, and analgesics. Sutures were removed under light sedation after 4 weeks, and the area was left to heal and mature for 4 to 6 months (mean 5.3 months). The animals were then sacrificed, and block sections of the mandible were obtained for macroscopic and histological evaluation. Results: The size of the residual defect (the vertical distance between the most apical depression in the ridge and the horizontal line connecting the free gingival margins of the proximal teeth) in the experimental sites (6.10 ± 1.00 mm) was much smaller compared to the controls (10.65 ± 0.82 mm), which was statistically significant (P = 0.0127). Histomorphometric measurements of new bone formation (NBF) revealed a similar pattern: For the experimental sites, NBF was 8.08 ± 0.85 mm compared to 4.99 ± 0.61 mm in the controls. These differences were also statistically significant (P = 0.0257). Conclusions: A regenerative approach to large mandibular osseous defects has been described. If this new treatment modality is further substantiated in other independent studies, it might prove a useful tool in restoring the lost osseous structure associated with marginal mandibulectomy procedures. ER  - 
Chronic hypercortisolemia inhibits dopamine synthesis and turnover in the nucleus accumbens: An in vivo microdialysis study; Over 60% of patients with Cushing's syndrome suffer from major depression, which frequently abates after correction of the hypercortisolism. The mesolimbic and mesocortical dopaminergic (DAergic) systems are thought to participate in psychiatric disorders. In this study, we investigated whether hypercortisolemia affects indices of DAergic activity in the nucleus accumbens (NAc) and the prefrontal cortex (PFC) of freely moving rats. Cortisol (CORT, 25 mg/kg/day) was infused subcutaneously for 7 days via an osmotic minipump. Microdialysate collection (30-min periods, 2 μl/min) began 24 h after probe placement. Concentrations of dihydroxyphenylalanine (DOPA) in interstitial fluid in the nucleus accumbens (NAc) and perifrontal cortex (PFC) were measured before and after local perfusion with NSD-1015, an irreversible inhibitor of L-aromatic amino acid decarboxylase, to assess local dopamine (DA) biosynthesis. The sum of microdialysate DA, dihydroxyphenylacetic acid, and homovanillic acid was used as an index of local DA turnover. DOPA accumulation after NSD-1015 was markedly attenuated in CORT-treated compared with saline-treated animals (5,703 ± 1,849 vs. 10,902 ± 2,454 pg/ml; p < 0.01). In contrast, the two groups did not differ in DOPA accumulation in the PFC. Values for the turnover index of DA were also significantly lower in CORT-treated animals in the NAc but not in the PFC. The results indicate that CORT inhibits DA synthesis and turnover in the NAc but not in the PFC. Region-specific CORT-induced inhibition of DAergic activity may help to explain depressive symptoms in patients with chronic hypercortisolemia and normalization after medical or surgical correction of hypercortisolism. Copyright © 2002 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Treatment of cytokine-induced depression; A high proportion of cancer and hepatitis C patients who receive cytokine immunotherapy develop symptoms of depression that are indistinguishable from those found in major depressive disorders. These symptoms are alleviated by anti-depressant treatment. Moreover, preventive treatment with anti-depressants, in particular selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) attenuates IFN-α-associated symptoms of depression, anxiety, and neurotoxicity. The intermediate mechanisms of these effects are still unclear. Studies suggest that the state of depression is associated with an increase in plasma levels of various cytokines and soluble cytokine receptors. Furthermore, anti-depressants have been shown to shift the cytokine network towards a decreased production of pro-inflammatory cytokines and an increased production of anti-inflammatory cytokines. Other studies suggest that anti-depressants can also modify immune reactivity by acting on neural structures involved in neuroimmunomodulation. It is possible that anti-depressants could help to normalize the serotoninergic neurotransmission that is likely disrupted during immunotherapy due to the potent effects of cytokines on the metabolism of the amino acid precursor tryptophan. Further work is needed to optimize strategies for preventing neuropsychiatric side effects of cytokine immunotherapy, to clarify the mechanisms involved in the alleviating effects of anti-depressants on cytokine-induced depression, as well as to assess the possible consequences of anti-depressant therapy on the e6cacy of immunotherapy on the disease process. © 2002 Elsevier Science (USA). All rights reserved. ER  - 
Pharmacological approaches to disease-modifying therapies in Parkinson's disease; Parkinson's disease is a movement disorder resulting from neurodegeneration of the basal ganglia. Parkinson's disease is usually diagnosed at approximately 55-60 years of age and affects approximately 1% of the population over 60 years. Dopaminergic cells located in the substantia nigra and whose terminals extend to the striatum degenerate slowly such that 60% of cells are already lost when clinical motor symptoms first become evident. In addition to the classic triad of Parkinson's disease symptoms, rest tremor, muscular rigidity and bradykinesia, abnormalities in postural reflexes, dementia and depression are important comorbid conditions. Current therapies are aimed primarily at replacing dopamine with the dopamine precursor L-dopa or by the use of direct acting dopamine receptor agonists. Adjunctive treatments with monoamine oxidase inhibitors, catechol-O-methyl transferase inhibitors and amantadine are also used. While providing very effective symptomatic therapy in early stages of the disease, these agents fail to halt disease progression. Thus, while these treatments generally provide excellent results for 2-5 years, quality of life for Parkinson's disease patients becomes increasingly poor 5-10 years after diagnosis. Symptoms that become increasingly problematic with disease progression include inconsistencies in motor control (response fluctuations), gait and balance abnormalities, cognitive loss, hypophonia and dysphagia. Therefore, in order to maintain an acceptable quality of life for patients with Parkinson's disease, therapies that provide not only symptomatic improvement, but also slow or stop disease progression are greatly needed. In this review, we will discuss possible mechanisms of cell death in Parkinson's disease and related potentially disease-modifying therapies. These therapies include dopaminergic cell tranplantation and the use of growth factors. Small molecules that may act as antioxidants, nicotinic receptor agonists, nitric oxide synthase inhibitors, immunophilins, excitatory amino acid-related (iGluR and mGluR agonists and antagonists) drugs and anti-inflammatory drugs will also be discussed. ER  - 
The pattern and profile of alopecia areata in Singapore - A study of 219 Asians; Background: Alopecia areata is believed to be an autoimmune condition with a worldwide occurrence. It usually presents as patchy, nonscarring hair loss. There is a paucity of clinical data in Asians. Objective: To study the epidemiology, clinical aspects, associations, and treatment of alopecia areata in an Asian population over a 1-year period. Methods: Records of all newly diagnosed alopecia areata cases seen from May 1998 to April 1999 at the National Skin Center were collated with regard to the epidemiology, pattern of alopecia, and associations according to the investigational guidelines published by Oslen et al. The treatment and psychologic impact of alopecia areata were also assessed. Results: Two hundred and nineteen new case referrals of alopecia areata were seen from May 1998 to April 1999. The incidence of alopecia areata was 3.8%. There were 173 Chinese (79%), 35 Indians (16%), and 11 Malays (5.0%). The male to female ratio was 1:1.3. The median age at presentation was 25.2 years. The majority of patients (85.5%) had their first episode of alopecia areata before the age of 40 years. Of the patients with onset of alopecia areata before the age of 40 years, 36.5% presented with extensive alopecia, compared with 5.5% above the age of 40 years (P < 0.05). Nail changes, consisting of pitting, trachyonychia, and longitudinal ridging, were reported in 23 patients (10.5%). A significant percentage of patients had an associated personal and family history of atopy (60.7%). There was no significant association between a personal history of atopy and the extent of alopecia areata. The frequencies reported for the following associated diseases were: thyroid disease, 2.3%; vitiligo, 4.1%; diabetes mellitus, 3.2%; Down's syndrome, 1.4%; and rheumatic arthritis, 0.9%. A family history of alopecia areata was reported in 4.6%. Intralesional triamcinolone acetonide was the first-line treatment for limited alopecia areata, while squaric acid dibutyl ester was used for extensive involvement. The majority of patients with limited alopecia areata (82.1%) had more than 50% improvement with intralesional triamcinolone acetonide after 3 months. The majority of patients who received squaric acid dibutyl ester (87.5%) achieved more than 50% regrowth at the end of 6 months. Poor prognostic factors for alopecia areata were extensive involvement, early age of onset, and Down's syndrome. Thirteen out of 132 respondents (9.8%) recalled stressful events preceding hair loss. Patients with extensive alopecia areata experienced more psychologic adverse effects than those with limited alopecia areata (P < 0.05). Males with extensive alopecia areata experienced more severe psychologic ill-effects, such as depression and feelings of inability to improve hair loss. Conclusions: Our findings are similar to those reported in the Western literature where alopecia areata is predominantly a disease of the young. A holistic approach is important in the management of alopecia areata as the disease can have a severe psychologic impact on an individual's well-being. ER  - 
Role of monocytes/macrophages and their cytokines in immunosupression development after severe injury; Despite new generations of antibiotics and great improvement in the fields of rescue and modern intensive care medicine, sepsis remains one of the most frequent causes of complications and death in severely injured patients. Shock, bacterial colonization, invasive methods of treatment and immune mechanisms are reported to be responsible for the increased susceptibility of patients to sepsis after trauma. Posttraumatic immune abnormalities consist of two mechanistic entities: inappropriately hyperactive inflammatory processes and profound depression of cell-mediated immune function. Monocytes/macrophages carry out the fundamental protective functions of ingesting and killing invading microorganisms. Macrophages play a central role in the immune response by presenting antigens to lymphocytes, modulating T cell functions and by secreting a large number of inflammatory mediators. Macrophage-derived cytokines play key roles in the amplification of both humoral and cell-mediated immune responses. Depression of macrophage function appears to have serious deleterious effects in critically injured patients and has been associated with increased mortality. Phagocytosis, oxidative burst activity and cytokine secretion are impaired in macrophages early after traumatic injury. However, a widely accepted clinical treatment for post-injury immunosuppression does not currently exist. As our understanding of the pathogenesis of injury-induced immunosuppression progresses, our treatment approaches will likely improve. ER  - 
Contribution of peroxynitrite to fatal cardiovascular depression induced by overproduction of nitric oxide in rostral ventrolateral medulla of the rat; We evaluated the contribution of peroxynitrite to the fatal cardiovascular depression induced by overproduction of nitric oxide (NO) after activation of inducible NO synthase (iNOS) in the rostral ventrolateral medulla (RVLM), the origin of sympathetic vasomotor tone. In Sprague-Dawley rats maintained under propofol anesthesia, microinjection of E. coli lipopolysaccharide (LPS) bilaterally into the RVLM elicited significant hypotension, bradycardia, reduction in sympathetic vasomotor tone and mortality. There was also a discernible elevation of iNOS expression in the ventrolateral medulla, followed by a massive production of nitrotyrosine, an experimental index for peroxynitrite. Co-administration bilaterally into the RVLM of the selective iNOS inhibitor, S-methylisothiourea (50, 100 or 250 pmol), an active peroxynitrite decomposition catalyst, 5,10,15,20-tetrakis- (N-methyl-4′-pyridyl)-porphyrinato iron (III) (10 or 50 pmol), a peroxynitrite scavenger, L-cysteine (5, 50 or 100 pmol), or a superoxide dismutase mimetic, Mn(III)-tetrakis-(4-benzoic acid) porphyrin (1 or 10 pmol), significantly prevented mortality, reduced nitrotyrosine production and reversed the NO-induced cardiovascular suppression after application of LPS into the RVLM. We conclude that the formation of peroxynitrite by a reaction between superoxide anion and NO is primarily responsible for the fatal cardiovascular depression induced by overproduction of NO after activation of iNOS at the RVLM. © 2002 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Tetanus: Continuing problem in the developing world; Despite diligent efforts by the World Health Organization and the governments of developing world countries, tetanus persists as a global health problem. This retrospective study was undertaken to assess the outcome for victims of tetanus presenting to the Baptist Medical Centre in Ogbomoso, Nigeria and to develop better management techniques for future patients. Sixty patients (46 males, 14 females) with nonneonatal tetanus were seen over a 5-year period (1995-1999). The mean age was 26 years, and 74% were 30 years or younger. All patients were treated with antitetanus serum, antibiotics, wound débridement (when a wound was identified), and antispasmodics. No patients underwent tracheostomy or gastrostomy. The mortality rate was 44%. Factors significant for predicting mortality were age greater than 14 years, occupation as a farmer, short incubation period, short symptom duration, high degree of severity on presentation, and high temperature during hospital care. The best hope for improvement in the treatment of tetanus in our institution is more conscientious titration of antispasmodics to control spasms without causing significant respiratory depression. The only real hope for reducing the global mortality for tetanus, however, lies in renewed immunization efforts by all health care providers in developing world countries, not just community health workers. ER  - 
American Academy of Clinical Toxicology practice guidelines on the treatment of methanol poisoning; Epidemiology: Almost all cases of acute methanol toxicity result from ingestion, though rarely cases of poisoning have followed inhalation or dermal absorption. The absorption of methanol following oral administration is rapid and peak methanol concentrations occur within 30-60 minutes. Mechanisms of Toxicity: Methanol has a relatively low toxicity and metabolism is responsible for the transformation of methanol to its toxic metabolites. Methanol is oxidized by alcohol dehydrogenase to formaldehyde. The oxidation of formaldehyde to formic acid is facilitated by formaldehyde dehydrogenase. Formic acid is converted by 10-formyl tetrahydrofolate synthetase to carbon dioxide and water. In cases of methanol poisoning, formic acid accumulates and there is a direct correlation between the formic acid concentration and increased morbidity and mortality. The acidosis observed in methanol poisoning appears to be caused directly or indirectly by formic acid production. Formic acid has also been shown to inhibit cytochrome oxidase and is the prime cause of ocular toxicity, though acidosis can increase toxicity further by enabling greater diffusion of formic acid into cells. Features: Methanol poisoning typically induces nausea, vomiting, abdominal pain, and mild central nervous system depression. There is then a latent period lasting approximately 12-24 hours, depending, in part, on the methanol dose ingested, following which an uncompensated metabolic acidosis develops and visual function becomes impaired, ranging from blurred vision and altered visual fields to complete blindness. Management: For the patient presenting with ophthalmologic abnormalities or significant acidosis, the acidosis should be corrected with intravenous sodium bicarbonate, the further generation of toxic metabolite should be blocked by the administration of fomepizole or ethanol and formic acid metabolism should be enhanced by the administration of intravenous folinic acid. Hemodialysis may also be required to correct severe metabolic abnormalities and to enhance methanol and formate elimination. For the methanol poisoned patient without evidence of clinical toxicity, the first priority is to inhibit methanol metabolism with intravenous ethanol or fomepizole. Although there are no clinical outcome data confirming the superiority of either of these antidotes over the other, there are significant disadvantages associated with ethanol. These include complex dosing, difficulties with maintaining therapeutic concentrations, the need for more comprehensive clinical and laboratory monitoring, and more adverse effects. Thus fomepizole is very attractive, however, it has a relatively high acquisition cost. Conclusion: The management of methanol poisoning includes standard supportive care, the correction of metabolic acidosis, the administration of folinic acid, the provision of an antidote to inhibit the metabolism of methanol to formate, and selective hemodialysis to correct severe metabolic abnormalities and to enhance methanol and formate elimination. Although both ethanol and fomepizole are effective, fomepizole is the preferred antidote for methanol poisoning. ER  - 
Red man's syndrome following administration of vancomycin in a patient under spinal anesthesia - A case report; Prophylactic antibiotics are frequently administered during anesthesia to reduce the incidence of infection. The most common organisms revealed in wound infections are staphylococci. Vancomycin is the antibiotic of choice for resistant staphylococcal infections and bacterial endocarditis in patient allergic to penicillin. We had a case of tibial osteomyelitis, while undergoing removal of implants under spinal anesthesia developed hypotension, bradycardia, consciousness change and skin erythematous macular rash after 0.1% vancomycin slow infusion for 10 min. After appropriate management, the patient recovered well and was discharged on the following day. Our report is intended to alert our colleagues that vancomycin can cause hypotension secondary to histamine release, direct myocardial depression and direct peripheral vasodilation. Even cardiac arrest had been reported in the literatures. ER  - 
Bipolar I disorder: psychopathology, medical management and dental implications.; BACKGROUND: The authors review the clinical features, epidemiology, pathophysiology, medical management, dental findings and dental management of patients who have bipolar I disorder, or BD, previously known as manic-depressive disorder. TYPES OF STUDIES REVIEWED: The authors conducted a MEDLINE search for the period 1995 through 2001 using the key terms "bipolar disorder," "epidemiology," "pathophysiology," "treatment" and "dentistry." The articles they selected for further review included those published in English in peer-reviewed journals; they gave preference to articles reporting randomized, controlled trials. RESULTS: BD is a psychiatric illness characterized by extreme mood swings. Mania is accompanied by euphoria, grandiosity, racing thoughts and lack of insight. Depression is characterized by marked sadness or loss of interest or pleasure in daily activities. The unpredictable mood swings can distress the person, can impair social function and quality of life and are associated with a significant increase in the risk for substance abuse and suicide. BD is common in the United States, with a lifetime prevalence rate of 1.6 percent and recurrence rate of more than 50 percent. CLINICAL IMPLICATIONS: The prevalence of dental disease usually is extensive because of poor oral hygiene and medication-induced xerostomia. Preventive dental education, saliva substitutes and anticaries agents are indicated. To avoid adverse drug interactions with the usually prescribed psychiatric medications, special precautions should be taken when administering certain antibiotics, analgesics and sedatives. ER  - 
Painful bruising syndrome mimicking cellulitis of the leg; Background. Autoerythrocyte sensitization syndrome (painful bruising syndrome) is marked by spontaneous and painful ecchymotic bruising, without any biological abnormality, occurring in women with pathological mental profile. Sometimes, when the inflammation is severe, an infectious cellulitis or muscular compression may be suspected. Case report. A 21-year-old woman was referred for the rapid occurrence of a diffuse and painful inflammation of the right leg, with fever. The leg was red, warm, with diffuse bruising. The foot was fixed in varus equin. The biological parameters were normal. Magnetic resonance imaging showed normal muscles but modifications in the subcutaneous fat, similar to an acute cellulitis. A cutaneous biopsy showed a moderate oedema of the dermis and erythrocyte extravasation. Antibiotics were inefficient on the pain and the aspect of the lesions. Because of the efficacy of saline serum injections on the symptoms and a pathological psychological profile, an autoerythrocyte sensitization syndrome was suspected. The skin test was negative. Psychiatric evaluation revealed a severe personality disorder associated with depression. The ecchymotic lesions disappeared with adapted psychiatric treatment. Discussion. Painful bruising syndrome occurs most often in young women with various psychiatric problems. The lesions are characterized by recurrent, painful, swollen and bleeding bruises in any part of the body. Fever, abdominal pain and external bleeding are possible. Haematological and immunological findings are usually normal. The histology of early lesions reveals oedema of the dermis and modest perivascular infiltrate, whereas extravasated erythrocytes appear later. The magnetic resonance imaging aspect of the lesions has never been described. Abnormalities of the subcutaneous fat are similar to those of acute cellulitis, expressing the inflammation process secondary to the ecchymoses. The syndrome results from complex somatic and psychological mechanisms. Many drugs were tried for the treatment of the disease, without any significant improvement. ER  - 
Infliximab improves quality of life in patients with Crohn's disease; Objective: The aim of this study was to assess the effect of infliximab on quality of life in patients with active Crohn's disease (CD) inadequately responsive to concomitant therapies. Methods: We examined responses to the Inflammatory Bowel Disease Questionnaire (IBDQ) from patients enrolled in a previously reported, randomized, placebo-controlled study. Patients with active CD received a single intravenous infusion of either placebo or infliximab 5, 10, or 20 mg/kg. Most patients received stable doses of mesalamine, corticosteroids, azathioprine, or 6-mercaptopurine throughout the study. Changes from baseline in overall IBDQ score and individual dimensions at 4 weeks postinfusion were compared. Results: Patients treated with infliximab had a significantly larger improvement in overall IBDQ score than those treated with placebo at 4 weeks (p < 0.001). Infliximab-treated patients also had larger improvements in all IBDQ dimensions: bowel (p = 0.007), social (p = 0.002), emotional (p < 0.001), and systemic (p < 0.001). A significantly larger proportion of infliximab-treated patients reported having normal or near-normal frequency of bowel movements in the past week (p < 0.001), full or a lot of energy (p = 0.019), and no or hardly any difficulty doing leisure or sports activities (p = 0.011), and being extremely or very satisfied with their personal life (p = 0.046). They also significantly differed in responses regarding fatigue, frustration, ability to work, general well-being, depression, anxiety, and anger resulting from bowel problems. Conclusions: These results indicate that infliximab significantly improved quality of life in patients with active CD, increasing their ability to work and participate in leisure activities, and decreasing feelings of fatigue, depression, and anger. ER  - 
Seafood consumption, the DHA content of mothers' milk and prevalence rates of postpartum depression: A cross-national, ecological analysis; Background: Mothers selectively transfer docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) to their fetuses to support optimal neurological development during pregnancy. Without sufficient dietary intake, mothers become depleted of DHA and may increase their risk of suffering major depressive symptoms in the postpartum period. We postulated that the DHA content of mothers' milk and seafood consumption would both predict prevalence rates of postpartum depression across countries. Methods: Published prevalence data for postpartum depression were included that used the Edinburgh Postpartum Depression Scale (n=14 532 subjects in 41 studies). These data were compared to the DHA, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and arachidonic acid (AA) content in mothers' milk and to seafood consumption rates in published reports from 23 countries. Results: Higher concentrations of DHA in mothers' milk (r=-0.84, p<0.0001, n=16 countries) and greater seafood consumption (r=-0.81, p<0.0001, n=22 countries) both predicted lower prevalence rates of postpartum depression in simple and logarithmic models, respectively. The AA and EPA content of mothers' milk were unrelated to postpartum depression prevalence. Limitations: These findings do not prove that higher omega-3 status cause lower prevalence rates of postpartum depression. Data on potentially confounding factors were not uniformly available for all countries. Conclusions: Both lower DHA content in mothers' milk and lower seafood consumption were associated with higher rates of postpartum depression. These results do not appear to be an artifact of cross-national differences in well-established risk factors for postpartum depression. Interventional studies are needed to determine if omega-3 fatty acids can reduce major postpartum depressive symptoms. ER  - 
A modified Nuss procedure for pectus excavatum; The Nuss procedure has been widely accepted and performed for the correction of pectus excavatum. However, many surgeons still have concerns about the displacement of pectus bars and postoperative complications. We have modified the Nuss procedure and performed this operation in 103 cases. Our methods are described. Regarding the fixation of the pectus bars, steel wire is used. The wire is introduced behind the 6th or 7th rib using a Duchenne needle and the ribs and the edges of pectus bars are tied with the wire without using a stabilizer. The pectus bars are placed under the serratus muscle to avoid skin irritability due to protrusion of the bars. This method is also effective for its cosmetic results for thin patients in particular. In older children and adults with a wide depression in the chest, two bars are used to achieve better chest elevation and stable fixation. To avoid postoperative infections, intraoperative contamination should be eliminated and appropriate antibiotics are given intravenously for 5 days and orally for the following 5 days. Hemothorax and pneumothorax were rare in uncomplicated cases without using a chest tube. However, chest drainage was performed in patients with two bars and in patients who needed lung dissection due to adhesions. Postoperative pain relief is very important to reduce the oxygen requirement and to promote an early recovery from the operative stress. To accomplish this, a mixture of fentanyl (0.5 mcg/kg/h) and bupivacaine (0.15 mg/kg/h) is infused through an epidural catheter for 5 days. ER  - 
Use of the clinical laboratory in the diagnosis and treatment of depression; This article reviews the importance of laboratory testing in the diagnosis of depressive disorders and for management during treatment. There is no useful test to establish the presence of a Major Depressive Episode, but medical conditions requiring laboratory testing should be excluded before arriving at a diagnosis. Treatment may lead to physiologic dysfunction warranting monitoring various laboratory functions. The following tests should be considered in establishing diagnosis and to establish baseline levels for comparison in subsequent monitoring: ■ Electrolytes ■ TSH (and free T4 if TSH is abnormal) ■ CBC with platelet count ■ Creatinine and BUN ■ LFTs (AST, alkaline phosphatase) ■ Calcium and phosphate ■ Pregnancy testing (hCG) for selected female patients. Lithium, carbamazepine, and valproic acid levels should be monitored when these medications are used to treat patients with depression. ER  - 
AMP-activated protein kinase suppresses protein synthesis in rat skeletal muscle through down-regulated mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) signaling; AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) is viewed as an energy sensor that acts to modulate glucose uptake and fatty acid oxidation in skeletal muscle. Given that protein synthesis is a high energy-consuming process, it may be transiently depressed during cellular energy stress. Thus, the intent of this investigation was to examine whether AMPK activation modulates the translational control of protein synthesis in skeletal muscle. Injections of 5-aminoimidazole-4-carboxamide 1-β-D-ri-bonucleoside (AICAR) were used to activate AMPK in male rats. The activity of α1 AMPK remained unchanged in gastrocnemius muscle from AICAR-treated animals compared with controls, whereas α2 AMPK activity was significantly increased (51%). AICAR treatment resulted in a reduction in protein synthesis to 45% of the control value. This depression was associated with decreased activation of protein kinases in the mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) signal transduction pathway as evidenced by reduced phosphorylation of protein kinase B on Ser473, MTOR on Ser2448, ribosomal protein S6 kinase on Thr389, and eukaryotic initiation factor eIF4E-binding protein on Thr37. A reduction in eIF4E associated with eIF4G to 10% of the control value was also noted. In contrast, eIF2B activity remained unchanged in response to AICAR treatment and therefore would not appear to contribute to the depression in protein synthesis. This is the first investigation to demonstrate changes in translation initiation and skeletal muscle protein synthesis in response to AMPK activation. ER  - 
Autoimmune cholangiopathy associated with systemic lupus erythematosus; We report a 39-year-old female who presented over 11 years with autoimmune cholangiopathy associated with kaleidoscopic manifestations of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), including, arthritis, skin changes, pleuritis, diffuse proliferative glomerulonephritis, lymphadenopathy, splenomegaly, hyperglobulinemia, and major depression. While anti-mitochondrial antibodies (AMA) were absent, antinuclear (ANA) and anti-DNA antibodies were detected in high titres associated with hypocomplementemia. The patient also had vitamin B12 deficiency and antiphospholipid antibodies. The patient required steroids and repeated courses of cyclophosphamide for the management of lupus nephritis, and ursodeoxycholic acid (ursolite) administration resulted in amelioration of cholestatic laboratory abnormalities. This unusual case report and review of literature illustrate that immune liver disease may be an important clinical manifestation of SLE, especially autoimmune cholangiopathy. ER  - 
Preconception health care; Appropriate preconception health care improves pregnancy outcomes. When started at least one month before conception, folic acid supplements can prevent neural tube defects. Targeted genetic screening and counseling should be offered on the basis of age, ethnic background, or family history. Before conception, women should be screened for human immunodeficiency virus and syphilis infection and begin treatment to prevent the transmission of disease to the fetus. Immunizations against hepatitis B, rubella, and varicella should be completed, if needed. Women should be counseled on ways to prevent infection with toxoplasmosis, cytomegalovirus, and parvovirus B19. Environmental toxins such as cigarette smoke, alcohol, and street drugs, and chemicals such as solvents and pesticides should be avoided. In women with diabetes, it is important to optimize disease control through intensive management before pregnancy. Medications for hypertension, epilepsy, thromboembolism, depression, and anxiety should be reviewed and changed, if necessary, before the patient becomes pregnant. Counseling about exercise, obesity, nutritional deficiencies, and the overuse of vitamins A and D is beneficial. Physicians may also choose to discuss occupational and financial issues related to pregnancy and to screen patients for domestic violence. Copyright© 2002 American Academy of Family Physicians. ER  - 
Jasmonic acid-induced hypericin production in cell suspension cultures of Hypericum perforatum L. (St. John's wort); Hypericum perforatum L. (St. John's wort) is an herbal remedy widely used in the treatment of mild to moderate depression. Hypericin, a photosensitive napthodianthrone, is believed to be the compound responsible for reversing the depression symptoms. In this study, novel in vitro cell culture systems of H. perforatum were used to monitor the effect of elicitation on cell growth and production of hypericin. A dramatic increase in cell growth and hypericin production was observed after exposure to jasmonic acid (JA). However, other elicitors such as salicylic acid (SA) and fungal cell wall elicitors failed to show any stimulatory effect on either cell growth or hypericin production. Cell cultures treated with JA and incubated in the dark showed increased growth and hypericin production as compared to the cultures grown under light conditions. Jasmonate induction in dark conditions played an important role in growth and hypericin production in cell suspension cultures, to our knowledge an undocumented observation. © 2002 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Chronic cerebral hypoperfusion induces striatal alterations due to the transient increase of NO production and the depression of glutathione content; We examined the effects of chronic cerebral hypoperfusion on the endogenous oxidative stress-related indices, nitrite and nitrate (NOx) concentration, glutathione (GSH) content, superoxide dismutase and catalase activities, and thiobarbituric acid-reactive substances level in the rat striatum, to clarify the participation of oxidative stress in the chronic cerebral hypoperfusion-induced alterations. Our present results indicate that chronic cerebral hypoperfusion produces oxidative stress and disturbs intracellular redox regulation in two distinct phases: at 1 day, "acute" and at 6 weeks, "chronic" alterations after the operation. Therefore, striatal neural cell damage may be mainly attributed to the transient increase of NOx production at 1 day after, and the delayed reduction of muscarinic acetylcholine receptor binding in the striatum may be mostly attributed to the continuous depression of GSH content from the 1st to the 6th post-operative week. In particular, the continuous GSH depression may be considered to accompany the pathophysiology of chronic cerebral hypoperfusion. ER  - 
Polyunsaturated fatty acid biosynthesis from [1-14C]20:3 n-6 acid in rat cultured Sertoli cells: Linoleic acid effect; Primary culture is a suitable system to study lipid metabolism and polyunsaturated fatty acid biosynthesis. Sertoli cell-enriched preparations were used to determine the fatty acid composition after 5 and 7 days in culture (serum free) as well as the uptake and metabolism of [1-14C]eicosa-8,11,14-trienoic acid. The addition of unlabeled linoleic acid (0.2 and 2.0μg/ml) was also evaluated. Fatty acid methyl esters derived from cellular lipids were analyzed by gas liquid chromatography and radiochromatography. After 5 days in culture, cells had significantly less 18:2, 20:4, 22:5 and 24:5 and more 18:3, 20:3, 22:4 and 24:4 n-6 fatty acids than non-cultured cells. On day 7, an additional increment in 22:4 n-6 and a decrease in linoleic, γ-linoleic and 24:4 n-6 fatty acids were observed. The presence of linoleic acid (low dose) produced a significant decrease in saturated and monounsaturated acids and an increase in 18:2, 20:4 and 22:5 n-6 fatty acids. At a high concentration almost all fatty acids belonging to 18:2 n-6 increased significantly. The drop in 20:4 n-6/20:3 n-6 ratio was considered as an indirect evidence of a Δ5 desaturase activity depression. This assumption was corroborated by studying the transformation of [1-14C]eicosa-8,11,14-trienoic acid into 20:4, 22:4, 22:5, 24:4 and 24:5 n-6 fatty acids. We conclude that Sertoli cells after 7 days in culture evidenced changes in the fatty acid profile similar to those described under fat deprivation. The addition of linoleic acid reverted this pattern and indicated that the Δ5 desaturase activity is a limiting step in the polyunsaturated fatty acid biosynthesis. © 2002 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Identification of rosmarinic acid as a novel antidepressive substance in the leaves of Perilla frutescens Britton var. acuta Kudo (Perillae Herba); The leaves of Perilla frutescens Britton var. acuta Kudo (Perillae Herba) are found in some traditional oriental herbal medicines that are primarily used to treat affective disorders such as depression and anxiety. The aim of the present study was to identify the bioactive component in Perillae Herba that possesses antidepressive activity. The effects of a water extract of Perillae Herba and six fractions therefrom were evaluated in mice by use of the forced-swimming test. An oral administration of a water extract of Perillae Herba significantly reduced the duration of immobility. Moreover, 50% methanol extract of the water extract of Perillae Herba and its 30% methanol extract also reduced the duration of immobility. Three-dimensional high-performance liquid chromatography and FAB-MS and NMR spectral analysis clearly showed that the extracts with anti-immobility effects contained abundant rosmarinic acid. The oral and intraperitoneal administration of rosmarinic acid significantly reduced the duration of immobility. In contrast, a water extract from another species of Perillae Herba, which contains only low levels of rosmarinic acid, had no anti-immobility effect. These results suggest that rosmarinic acid may be the main component involved in the antidepressive effect of Perillae Herba in the forced-swimming test. Thus it may be a novel antidepressive substance. ER  - 
Clinical evidence of an interaction between imipramine and acetylsalicylic acid on protein binding in depressed patients; The binding of imipramine to plasma proteins was studied in 20 adult patients with endogenous depression, with the purpose of assessing the effect produced by its simultaneous administration with an analgesic. Patients were administered 150 mg/day imipramine for 5 days and the binding to plasma proteins was determined. This was repeated 2 days later, after simultaneous administration of imipramine with 1,000 mg/day acetylsalicylic acid (ASA). Adverse effects for each patient were registered during both phases and were classified as mild, moderate, or severe. Results showed 84.4 ± 7.07% of imipramine bound to plasma proteins and 72.18 ± 6.5% when imipramine was administered with ASA (p < 0.05). When imipramine was administered alone, 1.95 mild adverse events per patient were registered. When imipramine was administered with ASA, the mild adverse events increased to 3.1 (p < 0.01) and the severe adverse events increased from 0.6 to 1.5 (p < 0.01). The levels of free imipramine increased when ASA was administered, indicating a displacement on the binding to plasma proteins. When adverse events were compared for each treatment, the accumulation of the free fraction of imipramine caused an increase in adverse events as well as in their clinical severity. ER  - 
Effect of 1-24ACTH administration on sheep blood granulocyte functions; The objective of the present study was to determine the efficiency of blood neutrophils (PMN) taken from sheep during acute stress. Ten healthy Charolle sheep were sampled before treatment (T0) and 1 (T1), 2(T2), 24 (T24) and 48 (T48) hours after 1-24ACTH administration. Ten sheep serving as the controls were sampled at the same time intervals, using saline solution instead of 1-24ACTH. At each time sampling, rectal temperature, heart rate, cortisol, glucose, non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA), total and differential leukocyte counts were evaluated. PMN were isolated after centrifugation of whole blood and hypotonic lysis of RBC. Chemotaxis was evaluated on a modified Boyden chamber using a nitrate cellulose filter and both Zymosan activated serum (ZAS) and interleukin-8 (IL-8) as chemoattractants. Phagocytosis was measured using both non-opsonized latex beads and fluoresceinated yeasts opsonized with homologous serum. Superoxide (O2-) production was evaluated by measuring superoxide dismutase-inhibitable reduction of ferricytochrome C, and adherence by a colorimetric assay of acid phosphatase activity of adherent cells. The administration of 1-24ACTH induced an acute stress reaction, indicated by the presence of clinical, biochemical and hematological changes. Adherence significantly increased from T0 to T2 in treated sheep. This might be responsible for the depression of non-specific immunity in stressed animals. Studies using stressors other than 1-24 ACTH are needed to verify the influence of other components of the stress reaction on PMN functions. ER  - 
Unusual clinical manifestation of pheochromocytoma in a MEN2A patient; A case of unusual clinical manifestation of pheochromocytoma in a type 2A multiple endocrine neoplasia (MEN2A) patient is presented. A 27-year-old man affected by MEN2A syndrome, complaining of anxiety and depression, was admitted in our Division. Past medical history included a total thyroidectomy for medullary carcinoma in 1985, and left adrenalectomy for pheochromocytoma in 1994. Blood pressure was 130/85 mmHg without orthostatic hypotension and pulse rate was 72 beats/min. Laboratory data revealed thyroid hormones and carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA) in the normal range and high basal serum calcitonin levels (158 pg/ml). Plasma catecholamines and vanillylmandelic acid resulted in normal levels but epinephrine/norepinephrine ratio was elevated (0.65). The glucagon stimulation test showed positive clinical and biochemical response. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and meta-iodobenzylguanidine (MIBG) scintiscan confirmed the presence of bilateral adrenal masses. Bilateral adrenalectomy by laparoscopic anterior approach was performed. Histology was consistent with adrenal pheochromocytomas. After surgical approach, psychiatric findings disappeared and did not recur at follow-up in spite of no medication for two years. In conclusion, bilateral pheochromocytoma is more frequent in MEN2A syndrome and probably understimated if the follow-up is not prolonged. In these cases clinical features are often a specific and basal hormonal data may be normal in a great number of patients. Therefore long-term observation is justified in these patients. Pheochromocytoma was described as the "great mimic" for the numerous subjective manifestations. Differential diagnosis among typical features of neuropsychiatric disorders and pheochromocytoma must be considered. ©2002, Editrice Kurtis. ER  - 
Important role of prodromal viral infections responsible for inhibition of xenobiotic metabolizing enzymes in the pathomechanism of idiopathic Reye's syndrome, Stevens-Johnson syndrome, autoimmune hepatitis, and hepatotoxicity of the therapeutic doses of acetaminophen used in genetically predisposed persons.; Upper respiratory tract febrile illnesses caused by various viruses, mycoplasma, chlamydia infections, and/or inflammatory diseases are usually observed a few days to a few (several) weeks before the onset of Reye's syndrome, Stevens-Johnson syndrome, autoimmune hepatitis (hepatotropic virus infections), or hepatotoxicity associated with therapeutic administration of acetaminophen in persons with varying degrees of deficits of important enzymatic activity. Activation of systemic host defense mechanisms by inflammatory component(s) results in depression of various induced and constitutive isoforms of cytochrome P-450 mixed-function oxidase system superfamily enzymes in the liver and most other tissues of the body. Because several cytochrome P-450 enzymes activities important for biotransformation of many endogenous and egzogenous substances show considerable variability between individuals, in some genetically predisposed persons, even the administration of therapeutic doses of a drug may result in serious clinical mishaps, if an important concomitant risk factor (eg, acute viral infection) is involved. Several inflammatory cytokines, such as interleukins, transforming growth factor beta1, human hepatocyte growth factor, and lymphotoxin, downregulate gene expression of major cytochrome P-450 enzymes with the specific effects on mRNA levels, protein expression, and enzyme activity observed with a given cytokine varying for each P-450 studied, thus eventually leading to metabolite-mediated adverse drug reactions and immunometallic diseases which sometimes result in tissue injury beyond the site(s) where metabolic bioactivation takes place. On the other hand, it must be emphasized that inhibition of metabolism of several drugs, as well as influence on the concentration and/or ratio of various cytokines in inflamed tissues, may exert beneficial effects in patients with different diseases, thus opening new therapeutic possibilities. Clinically relevant interactions may be exemplified by the effects of some fluoroquinolone antibiotics, such as pefloxacin and ciprofloxacin, which probably have a steroid-sparing effect in some patients with frequently relapsing nephrotic syndrome, and an increased bioavailability of several drugs following concomitant intake with freshly pressed grapefruit juice, eventually caused by inhibition of their metabolism, mediated mainly by CYP3A and specifically inhibited by naturally occurring flavonoids. ER  - 
Interaction between azathioprine and aminosalicylates: An in vivo study in patients with Crohn's disease; Background: The inhibition of thiopurine methyltransferase activity, one of the enzymes responsible for azathioprine metabolism, by aminosalicylates has been described in an in vitro study. This could result in a higher risk of bone marrow depression when using the two drugs together. Aim: To investigate the in vivo interaction between azathioprine and aminosalicylates in quiescent Crohn's disease by measuring 6-thioguanine nucleotide levels, thiopurine methyltransferase activity and the plasma levels of the acetylated metabolite of 5-aminosalicylic acid. Methods: Sixteen patients taking a stable dose of azathioprine, plus sulfasalazine or mesalazine, were enrolled and completed the study. They were not taking any drugs interfering with azathioprine metabolism. Four visits every 4 weeks were held over a 3-month period. Aminosalicylate administration was withdrawn after the second visit. At each visit, the blood cell count, inflammatory parameters, levels of 6-thioguanine nucleotide and the acetylated metabolite of 5-aminosalicylic acid and thiopurine methyltransferase activity were determined. Results: After aminosalicylate withdrawal, mean 6-thioguanine nucleotide levels decreased significantly from 148 pmol (57-357 pmol) to 132 pmol (56-247 pmol) per 8 × 108 red blood cells (P = 0.027), without significant changes in thiopurine methyltransferase activity or biological parameters. Conclusions: This in vivo study favours the existence of an interaction between azathioprine and aminosalicylates through a mechanism which remains unclear. This drug-drug interaction should be taken into account when using azathioprine and aminosalicylates simultaneously. ER  - 
Acute effects of heparin administration on the ischemic threshold of patients with coronary artery disease: Evaluation of the protective role of the metabolic modulator trimetazidine; OBJECTIVES: We sought to assess the effects of heparin and the potential protective effects of trimetazidine (TMZ) on exercise performance, plasma nitric oxide (NO), endothelin-1 (ET-1) and free fatty acid (FFA) release in patients with stable coronary artery disease (CAD). BACKGROUND: Heparin has been shown to reduce the ischemic threshold in patients with CAD. Trimetazidine may affect myocardial substrate utilization by shifting energy production from FFA to glucose oxidation. METHODS: In four consecutive days, nine patients with CAD each received one of the following four regimens: 1) one tablet of placebo the evening before and at 8 AM and 4 PM on the day of the study, 10 ml of saline in a bolus 10 min before exercise, followed by an infusion of the same preparation; 2) placebo at the same times as in the first regimen, 5,000 IU of heparin 10 min before exercise, followed by 1,000 IU/h; 3) 20 mg TMZ at the same times as in the first regimen, 5,000 IU of heparin 10 min before exercise, followed by 1,000 IU/h; or 4) TMZ at the same times as in the first regimen, 10 ml of saline 10 min before exercise, followed by an infusion of the same preparation. RESULTS: During placebo (test 2), heparin reduced the time to 1-mm ST-segment depression and prolonged the recovery time, as compared with the results of test 1. When heparin was administered after TMZ (test 3), the time to 1-mm ST-segment depression and the recovery time were similar to those recorded during saline (test 1). Finally, compared with all study phases, TMZ during saline (test 4) prolonged the time to 1 mm. No changes in NO release were found, whereas ET-1 was decreased at peak exercise and during recovery, when the patients were receiving TMZ (tests 3 and 4). Free fatty acids increased after heparin, both with placebo and TMZ. CONCLUSIONS: In patients with CAD, heparin reduces the ischemic threshold. Trimetazidine reduces the effects of heparin, probably by inhibiting FFA oxidation and enhancing glucose metabolism. The concomitant novel observation of reduced ET-1 release is likely to be also dependent on TMZ-induced improvement of endothelial metabolism or reduction of myocardial ischemia. © 2002 by the American College of Cardiology. ER  - 
Neurochemical changes and neurotoxic effects of an acute treatment with sydnocarb, a novel psychostimulant comparison with D-amphetamine; Sydnocarb [(phenylisopropyl)N-phenylcarbamoylsydnonimine; SYD] was introduced to clinical practice in Russia as a psychostimulant drug used for the treatment of asthenia and apathy, which accompany schizophrenia and manic depression. It has been described as a psychostimulant with addiction liability and toxicity less than amphetamine (AMPH). The precise cellular mechanisms by which sydnocarb elicits its psychostimulant effect are still unclear. At present its neurochemical and neurotoxic effects are compared to those of AMPH in the striatum, the main input structure of the basal ganglia. The expression of c-fos protein in striatal neurons was much more increased after a single injection of D-AMPH (5 mg/kg) than after an equimolar concentration of SYD (23.8 mg/kg) in both the anterior and the posterior part of the striatum. Using in situ hybridization on striatal slices, we observed that AMPH increased the striatal levels of preprodynorphin (PPDYN) mRNAs in both parts of the striatum, while SYD did not affect basal levels of PPDYN mRNAs. Furthermore, AMPH and SYD increased striatal preprotachykinin (PPT-A) and preproenkephalin (PPE) mRNA levels. The effects of AMPH and SYD on PPT-A-mRNA levels were similar. A differential effect of AMPH and SYD was observed only on the PPE-mRNA levels measured in the anterior striatum where SYD increased these levels more than AMPH. The acute neurotoxicity of these two psychostimulants was analyzed by measuring their effects on the parameters of oxidative stress, such as nitric oxide (NO) generation, as well as specific indices of lipid peroxidation (i.e., thiobarbituric acid reactive substances; TBARS), while, on the other hand, the alpha-tocopherol level was taken as an index of antioxidant defense processes. Measuring generation of NO directly by electron paramagnetic resonance, it was observed that AMPH shows a more pronouced increase in comparison to SYD, in the striatum and in cortex. TBARS levels in the striatum and cortex were significantly less enhanced than AMPH after a single injection of SYD. Similarly, the alpha-tocopherol level was decreased only by AMPH in the striatum, and neither AMPH nor SYD had any effect in the cortex. Results show that a single injection of a high dose of AMPH is able to induce several neurotoxic effects. The study also demonstrates that SYD has mild neurochemical effects as well as fewer neurotoxic properties than AMPH. ER  - 
Lack of effect of eicosapentaenoic acid in the Porsolt forced swimming test model of depression; Background: Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) is one of the major components of fish oils. Omega-3 fatty acids, particularly EPA, have been hypothesized to play a role in the etiology, pathogenesis and treatment of mood disorders. Clinical studies have shown beneficial effects of omega-3 fatty acids in major depression, bipolar disorder and other psychiatric disorders. Objective: The present study design evaluates the effect of EPA in the Porsolt forced swimming test. Results: EPA alone did not reduce the immobility time and did not enhance the anti-immobility effect of a low dose of imipramine. Contrary to the hypothesis, EPA slightly increased the immobility time, and in some experiments tended to reduce the anti-despair effect of imipramine. Conclusion: The present results do not provide an animal model for the antidepressant effect of EPA as demonstrated in clinical experiments. The mechanism of EPA antidepressant action is unknown and the Porsolt forced swimming test could be non-sensitive for its antidepressant properties. ER  - 
Hospitalization risk following admission to an academic nursing home; Objectives: Nursing home residents are at risk for experiencing acute illness and hospitalization early in nursing home stay. The objectives of this study were (1) to measure the probability of hospitalization over time from nursing home admission, and (2) to determine resident risk factors for early hospitalization. Design: Prospective observational study. Setting: 409-bed urban, not-for-profit academic nursing home. Participants: 204 consecutive newly admitted residents who did not previously reside in the nursing home. Measurements: Demographic profile, chronic comorbidity, physical function, recent medical events, admission condition and anticipated length of stay were ascertained on admission to the nursing home. Hospitalization and acute illness were recorded each week after nursing home admission. Data were collected primarily by chart review except for acute illness, which was identified by nurse report and chart review according to previously established criteria. Results: Subjects were 69% female and 62% white. The mean age was 83. The percentage of residents experiencing their first hospitalization peaked 2 and 7 weeks after nursing home admission and after 14 weeks plateaued at a low rate. The percentage with acute illness (commonly gastroenteritis, urinary tract infection, and pneumonia) paralleled that of hospitalization. In multivariate proportional hazards analysis, resident factors independently associated with early first hospitalization were atrial fibrillation (21% of subjects, 2.6 risk ratio), history of stroke (26%, 2.5), history of depression (25%, 1.9), absence of dementia (62%, 2.3), and receiving antibiotics on admission (23%, 3.3). Residents with 0, 1, 2, and ≥ 3 of these characteristics had 9%, 19%, 34% and 62% probability, respectively, of being hospitalized in the first 8 weeks of nursing home stay. Conclusions: In a large, urban, academic nursing home, residents' risk of hospitalization varied over time from admission and among different subgroups of residents. These results can be used to develop interventions to prevent acute illness and hospitalization early in nursing home stay and to enhance the communication of prognostic risk to nursing home residents, their caregivers and medical providers. Copyright © 2002 American Medical Directors Association. ER  - 
Vagus nerve stimulation, side effects, and long-term safety; Vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) is an accepted therapy for the treatment of refractory epilepsy and now even depression. More than 10,000 people have had the device implanted over a period of 12 years. Initial side effects in the early years such as lower facial weakness and electrode lead breaks have now been resolved. Postoperative infections occur in approximately 3% of patients but can be treated with oral antibiotics. Side effects during the use of VNS are usually related to the "on" phase of stimulation. Common side effects are cough, hoarseness, voice alteration, and paresthesias. These side effects tend to diminish with time. Cognitive side effects often seen with antiepileptic drug use are not reported. The side effect profile of VNS is positive, and this treatment option offers patients with refractory epilepsy prospects of good efficacy with only minor and often resolvable side effects. ER  - 
Changes of properties of glutamatergic synapses in the hippocampus of rats with behavioral depression and modeling of the changes in vitro; Stress-induced (72-h-long social isolation-evoked) behavioral depression in rats was shown to be accompanied by a significant moderation of long-term potentiation (LTP) and a concurrent intensification of long-term depression (LTD) and depotentiation of synaptic transmission in the hippocampal CA1 region. Such changes of the properties of glutamatergic synapses in the hippocampus can be modeled by 1-h-long application of a synthetic glucocorticoid (GC), prednisolone (1 μM), to hippocampal slices from intact rats. In this case, two-phase changes in the efficiency of synaptic transmission in the CA1 are observed: depression is followed by short facilitation. Prednisolone-determined changes in synaptic transmission in the CA1 region are of a presynaptic nature. Facilitation of prednisolone-evoked transmission could be reproduced by application of a synthetic GC, dexamethasone (100 nM, 10 min), which possesses no mineralocorticoid activity. The GC-elicited reversible intensification of synaptic transmission in the CA1 region was prevented by polymixin B (50 μM). Short-term influence of GC did not prevent the development of LTP. Prednisolone-induced changes in synaptic plasticity phenomena occurring in the CA1 region were prevented by a blocker of NMDA receptors, D-2-amino-5-phosphonovaleric acid (50 μM), but not by a blocker of AMPA receptors, 6,7-dinitroquinoxaline-2,3-dione (10 μM). Such modifications were moderated by inhibitors of calmodulin (trifluoperazine, 5 μM) and protein kinase C (polymixin B, 50 μM), but did not change under the influence of an inhibitor of calcineurin (cyclosporin A, 50 μM). It is supposed that an in vivo stress-induced rise in the GC level and an in vitro application of GC primarily intensify presynaptic release of glutamate, which activate postsynaptic high-affinity NMDA receptors. Activation of NMDA receptors facilitates both binding of type-II GC receptors in the cytoplasm of pyramidal neurons with the hormone and translocation of these receptors into the nucleus of these cells with subsequent suppression of transcription of neurotrophins. Inhibition of release of the latter underlies the GC-induced suppression of LTP and, at the same time, intensifies LTD and depotentiation of synaptic transmission in the CA1 region. ER  - 
Neuromuscular blocking effects of the aminoglycoside antibiotics arbekacin, astromicin, isepamicin and netilmicin on the diaphragm and limb muscles in the rabbit; Aminoglycoside antibiotics are known to produce a depression of neuromuscular function which may cause prolonged paralysis of respiratory muscles. However, differences in the effects of aminoglycoside antibiotics on diaphragm and limb muscles have not been investigated. We determined the neuromuscular blocking effects of the aminoglycoside antibiotics arbekacin sulfate, astromicin sulfate, isepamicin sulfate and netilmicin sulfate on the diaphragm, tibialis anterior and soleus muscles in anesthetized rabbit nerve-muscle preparations. Neuromuscular block was assessed by mechanical response with single twitch stimulation. Cumulative drug dose-response curves were obtained for three different muscles in 24 rabbits. The mean ED50 and ED95 of the antibiotics in diaphragm, tibialis anterior and soleus muscles were calculated. The neuromuscular blocking effects of all the aminoglycosides on ED50 and ED95 values were in the order of soleus > tibialis anterior > diaphragm, and soleus > diaphragm > tibialis anterior, respectively. The ED50 ratios for the tibialis anterior and soleus muscles were approximately 1.5 and 2.7 times greater than that for the diaphragm. Copyright © 2001 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Eicosapentaenoic acid in treatment-resistant depression associated with symptom remission, structural brain changes and reduced neuronal phospholipid turnover; The n-3 essential fatty acid eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) was added to the conventional antidepressant treatment of a treatment-resistant severely depressed and suicidal male patient with a seven-year history of unremitting depressive symptoms. The niacin skin flush test and cerebral magnetic resonance scanning were carried out at baseline and nine months later. The addition of ethyl-EPA led to a dramatic and sustained clinical improvement in all the symptoms of depression, including a cessation of previously unremitting severe suicidal ideation, within one month. Symptoms of social phobia also improved dramatically. During the nine-month period the volumetric niacin response increased by 30%, the relative concentration of cerebral phosphomonesters increased by 53%, and the ratio of cerebral phosphomonesters to phosphodiesters increased by 79%, indicating reduced neuronal phospholipid turnover. Registered difference images showed that the EPA treatment was accompanied by structural brain changes including, in particular, a reduction in the lateral ventricular volume. ER  - 
Current roles of nitric oxide in gastrointestinal disorders; It has been confusing as to what roles nitric oxide (NO) has in different physiological and pathological mechanisms in various diseases. In the gastrointestinal tract, NO can be either protective or deleterious in different disorders. This depends on what type of nitric oxide synthase (NOS) is involved in these pathological conditions. Constitutive NOS (cNOS) is responsible for production of NO in physiological context. In contrast, inducible NOS (iNOS) produces NO in pathophysiological circumstances. NO is implicated in mechanisms maintaining the integrity of the gastric epithelium. In this connection, it regulates gastric blood flow and directly stimulates gastric mucus secretion by activating soluble guanylate cyclase. A blockade of NO production resulted in an impairment of the vascular response and the subsequent alkaline flux in the lumen. This would impair the restitution process. Endogenous NO also contributes to the inhibition of acid secretion in the stomach. Indeed the adverse action of cigarette smoking on ulcer healing is largely dependent on the deficiency of cNOS and a subsequent depression of gastric blood flow and angiogenesis. To this end, NO may act as a crucial signal to promote endothelial cell differentiation into vascular tubes. In experimental colitis, NO derived from iNOS, together with other free radicals contribute significantly to the inflammatory response in the colon. It is also involved in the ulcerogenic effect of passive smoking on colitis. The mechanism is likely mediated through the interaction with superoxide to produce peroxynitrite, a strong oxidizing agent that initiates lipid peroxidation. In conclusion, NO in low concentration derived from cNOS is cytoprotective by directly acting as an inducer of defense responses in the gastrointestinal tract. However, higher concentrations of NO from iNOS exhibit toxic effects through nitrosative and oxidative stress. © 2001 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Effect of acidification stress on endocrine and immune functions in carp, Cyprinus carpio; In this study, we examined the effects of chronic sublethal low pH exposure (pH 4.5) on endocrine and immune functions in carp. Plasma cortisol levels elevated rapidly from 3 hours after acid exposure and kept high until 2 days. Subsequently cortisol levels decreased gradually, but were significantly higher than those of control groups even at 4 weeks after acid exposure. Plasma immunoglobulin M (IgM) levels declined transiently at 1 week after the initiation of acid exposure, and then recovered to control levels at 4 weeks after acid exposure. Phagocytic rates of peripheral blood leukocytes also decreased significantly after 1 week of acid exposure, and was still low at 4 weeks. These results suggest that acidification stress causes a transient depression of the non-specific immune activity by the immunosuppressive effect of cortisol. ER  - 
Relapsing - Remitting autoimmune agrypnia; A woman affected by multiple cranial nerve palsy developed several episodes of total insomnia and respiratory crises resulting from central breathing depression associated with dysautonomic symptoms. Oligoclonal IgG bands were present in her cerebrospinal fluid, and immunohistochemistry showed increased binding of serum and cerebrospinal fluid on γ-aminobutyric acid-ergic, synapse-rich neuronal cells. Immunosuppressive treatment and plasma exchange were followed by clinical improvement, with restoration of sleep architecture and disappearance of respiratory crises, suggesting autoimmune pathogenesis of the syndrome. ER  - 
Endothelial- and nitric oxide-dependent effects on oxidative metabolism of intact artery; Oxidative metabolism and its possible modulation by nitric oxide (NO) was examined in endothelial-intact and endothelial-denuded segments of porcine carotid arteries. Endothelial-intact arteries displayed appropriate NO-mediated vasorelaxation to acetylcholine (ACh). Endothelial-denuded arteries demonstrated absent vasorelaxation to ACh stimulation and depressed contractile responsiveness to K+ depolarization, which was normalized by inhibition of NO synthesis by Nω-nitro-L-arginine methylester (L-NAME). Confirmation that carotid arteries continued to produce NO despite removal of the endothelium was indicated by detection of NO metabolites in the incubation medium bathing the arteries. O2 consumption and the oxidation of glucose and fatty acid were depressed in endothelial-denuded arteries. Depression of O2 consumption and glucose oxidation was completely reversed by treatment with L-NAME. We conclude that endogenous NO produced by non-endothelial vascular cells depresses contractility, O2 consumption, and oxidation of energy substrates in vascular smooth muscle. The endothelium may play a role in oxidative metabolism of vascular smooth muscle possibly by modulating the effects of NO produced by other cells of the vessel wall, or by other factors. © 2001 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Measurement of mycophenolate mofetil effect in transplant recipients; Background. Immunosuppression involves the nature of the immunosuppressive agents and individual differences in patient factors. We investigated whether the effect of mycophenolate mofetil (MMF) is measurable using an in vitro measure of immunocompetence and related its effects to cyclosporine (CsA) in vitro. Methods. Liver or kidney transplant recipients receiving prednisone; CsA or tacrolimus; and MMF, azathioprine (AZA), or neither, were studied. Immunocompetence was assessed by one-way mixed lymphocyte culture using patients' peripheral blood leukocytes (PBL) and three validated stimulators. The effect of immunosuppressive agents added in vitro on normal PBL stimulation by Staphylococcus enterotoxin B was determined by the carboxyfluorescein diacetate succinimidyl ester measurement of division. Results. Patients receiving MMF had an average immunocompetence level of 12±23, compared with 39.7±65 and 25.5±42 for those receiving AZA or neither AZA nor MMF, respectively. Thus, there was an approximately 80% suppression of the response in the MMF group. Assessment of normal cell division revealed that CsA allowed multiple cell generations but suppressed the numbers of cells in each, whereas MMF blocked proliferation into subsequent generations. Addition of clinically relevant levels of mycophenolic acid, the active agent for MMF, added to more moderate levels of CsA, was required to achieve greater than 80% suppression, consistent with the degree of immunocompetence depression measured in patients. Conclusions. These data provide the novel finding that the effect of MMF treatment on patients is measurable in their PBL as decreased immunocompetence in vitro. The effect of MMF on normal PBL approximates the 80% inhibition that we found in patients. Moreover, the effect of MMF on cell division provides a rationale for the superior effectiveness of regimens including MMF. ER  - 
Captopril and its time of administration in myocardial ischaemic-reperfusion injury; The present study was designed to investigate the role of captopril in an in vivo model of myocardial ischaemic-reperfusion injury with respect to its time of administration. In open-chest pentobarbitone anaesthetized cats, the left anterior descending coronary artery was occluded for 15 min followed by 60 min of reperfusion. Vehicle (saline) or captopril (4 mg kg-1) was administered 10 min before instituting ischaemia (pre-treatment) or 5 min before reperfusion (post-treatment). In the vehicle-treated group, ischaemic-reperfusion injury (IRI) was evidenced by enhanced plasma renin activity, depression of global haemodynamic function (mean arterial pressure, left ventricular-end-diastolic-pressure, peak positive and negative dP/dt) along with depletion of myocardial high energy phosphate (HEP) compounds. Oxidant stress in IRI was evidenced by raised levels of myocardial thiobarbituric acid reactive substances (TBARS) and depletion of endogenous myocardial antioxidants (glutathione, superoxide dismutase and catalase). Pre-treatment with captopril prevented (i) loss of myocardial haemodynamic function, (ii) rise in TBARS and (iii) depletion of myocardial HEP compounds. However, in the post-treatment group, only partial recovery of myocardial haemodynamic function, with no significant reduction in TBARS, was observed. Glutathione, superoxide dismutase and catalase were unaffected by either treatment schedules. The results of the present study suggest that captopril is more effective in attenuating ischaemic-reperfusion injury when administered before ischaemia rather than before reperfusion. © 2001 Academic Press. ER  - 
The primary care physician and palliative care; Since the 1940s the causes of death in the United States have changed. Before the advent of antibiotics and advanced technology, people died in their homes during a course of days to weeks. Of the 2.5 million people who die annually in the United States, more than three fourths die in institutions (61% in hospitals and 17% in nursing facilities). The prevalence of chronic illnesses has altered the usual process of dying, which has become so prolonged that it is recognized now as a distinct stage of life, along with childhood, adolescence, and adulthood. Society struggles with the task of providing cost-effective, high-quality compassionate care for the increasing numbers of patients for whom death occurs after months of gradual debilitation from a chronic and incurable illness. When other physicians state, "There is nothing more we can do for you", palliative care is the direction of choice. Patients with advanced disease require special attention and care from the primary care physician as well as a palliative model of care or a palliative care team consisting of experienced medical and clinical personnel. Controlling a patient's symptoms - whether pain, nausea, agitation, depression, or anxiety - is not sufficient to provide comfort while dying. Patients in palliative care programs need to be viewed as whole people as well as members of families, with a broad range of physical, psychosocial, and spiritual needs that may benefit from the outside assistance of an interdisciplinary health care team. ER  - 
Pain in elderly patients and some aspects of its treatment; Treatment of pain in elderly patients can meet with diagnostic problems, namely in those with cognitive disorders, as well as with problems concerning pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamics brought about by the advanced age. Our article presents an overview on the basic differences in the diagnostics and treatment of pain, on the therapeutic risks, and on other interrelations, which have to be considered in the therapy of elderly patients. The review is supplemented with results of our examination on the rate of analgesic treatment, spectrum of analgesics in use in the population of patients older than 75 years. About one quarter of the population use analgesics regularly, the order of most frequently prescribed analgesics is: ibuprofen 38 %, diclophenac 24 %, tiaprophenic acid 14 %, tramadol 8 %, indometacine 4 %. Included were also data concerning the quality of life of patients with pain and information about the relations among patients and the curing personnel where obtained by our own inquiry. Patients concluded that pain was better tolerated at home, administration of drugs in tablets revealed to be most satisfactory, all information, namely from medial doctors, were welcome. Treatment of pain improved the quality of life in 1/3 of patients; one half of them considered it as successful. Personnel also asked for better professional information, though they had good of knowledge on the evaluation and documentation of pain and the principles of pharmacological treatment. Failure of treatment evokes in 69 % of the personnel the feeling of impotency, in 41 % affection of unsatisfactoriness, in 20 % a tension, in 13 % feeling of failing, in 18 % depression and frustration. Reconciled with failure is 6 % of the curing personnel. ER  - 
Optimal management of acne to prevent scarring and psychological sequelae; Acne vulgaris is one of the most common inflammatory dermatoses and is seen in both the hospital setting and in general practice. Multiple factors are involved in the pathophysiology of acne, including: an alteration in the pattern of keratinization within the pilosebaceous follicles resulting in comedone formation; an increase in sebum production which is influenced by androgens; the proliferation of Propionibacterium acnes; and the production of perifollicular inflammation. Genetic and hormonal factors may also contribute to acne. Better understanding of the pathophysiology of the disease has led to the development of novel therapies which are directed at one or more of the implicated etiologic factors. Systemic antibiotics for acne have been the mainstay of treatment for many years. The main cause for concern following the use of systemic antibiotics is the emergence of antibiotic-resistant strains of P. acnes. Concomitant use of non-antibiotic therapies such as benzoyl peroxide helps to decrease the occurrence of resistance and can be effective in the treatment of resistant and nonresistant propionibacterial strains. However, no one agent is able to eradicate resistant strains completely and as resistant strains correlate to poor clinical response to therapy, prescribing strategies are required to minimize the occurrence of resistance to P. acnes. When assessing acne it is important to take an all embracing approach and to examine carefully for both the clinical and psychologic effects of the disease process. There are numerous forms of acne scarring and it is important to be aware of these as patients who are developing scarring merit early effective therapy. Some patients with acne will develop psychologic problems as a consequence of their condition. Even mild to moderate disease can be associated with significant depression and suicidal ideation and psychologic change does not necessarily correlate with disease severity. Acne scars themselves have been shown to produce significant psychopathology. When initiating treatment it is important to consider the aims of therapy. Treatment should be aimed at achieving clearance of acne, prevention of scarring and, where necessary, relief from any psychologic stress resulting from the acne. Therapy should be commenced early in the disease process in order to prevent scarring and it is important to select appropriate therapies according to the clinical signs and psychologic disability. It is also important to ensure that the patient is able to comply with therapy and clear guidelines regarding treatment, possible adverse effects and realistic expectations should be provided. ER  - 
Changes in the immune system in depression and dementia: Causal or co-incidental effects?; It is now widely accepted that psychological stress and psychiatric illness can compromise immune function. Furthermore the mechanisms whereby such changes occur are probably associated with the activities of the cytokines and other inflammatory mediators of the immune system which are known to initiate changes in behaviour. This review aims to summarise the experimental and clinical evidence that implicates the pro-inflammatory cytokines in the pathological changes seen in major depression and in Alzheimer's disease (AD). In major depression, evidence is provided to show that both activation (e.g., macrophage activity, acute phase proteins) and inhibition (e.g., natural killer cell activity) of the immune system occur. Many of the behavioural changes seen in depression are simulated by three pro-inflammatory cytokines (IL-1, IL-6 and TNF-alpha), which may produce their impact on the brain by activating cyclooxygenase, nitric acid synthase and corticotrophin releasing factor. Effective antidepressant treatments largely attenuate the immune changes thereby raising the possibility that the normalisation of central biogenic amine function that are conventionally implicated in the cause of depression may be secondary to those of the pro-inflammatory cytokines.With respect to AD, while the cause(s) are unknown, there is both experimental and clinical evidence to suggest that inflammatory processes in the brain caused in particular by TNF-alpha together with the subsequent rise in free radicals, are instrumental in causing the pathological changes which underlie the disease. Evidence in favour of the inflammatory hypothesis is supported by the finding that nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs slow down the progression of the disease.Although, more research is needed into the inter-relationships between the various pro-inflammatory cytokines and the behavioural changes invoked in major depression and AD, the immunological hypothesis has been important in stimulating new concepts regarding the causes of the pathological changes in these diseases and how effective drug treatments may attenuate them. Copyright © 2001 ISDN. ER  - 
Changes in arterial blood fibrinolytic activity in patients with unstable angina on various molecular-weight heparins; As many as 40 patients with unstable angina (UA) were examined having been admitted into the clinic during the first twelve hours from the onset of ischemic manifestations. Depending on the type of therapy instituted, the patients were divided into two groups. Group I patients (n = 24) received acetylsalicylic acid (ASA), 160-325 mg daily, and a standard heparin in prescribed doses, group II patients (n = 16) was placed on a combination of ASA plus low-molecular heparin (LMH), nadroparin calcii, 0.1 mg/kg daily. It has been found out that anticoagulant treatment with different forms of heparin with a positive dynamics of general coagulating activity of the blood results in distinct changes in the system of fibrinolysis. Administration of a standard heparin is accompanied by exhaustion of the antithrombin activity of the blood and depression of fibrinolysis, which event comes to be especially dangerous in the arterial vessels. LMH (nadroparin calcii) therapy allows the negative sequelae to be prevented, and, quite the reverse, effects an intensification of fibrinolysis in the artery, this being particularly manifest at day 10 of the illness. A conclusion suggests itself that LMH has a beneficial effect on the system of hemostasis in general and on its fibrinolytic link in particular. Taking into account that the mechanism of action of LMH is toward the arterial blood, the above group of anticoagulants can be regarded as drugs of choice in those settings involving development of UA. ER  - 
Presynaptic N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor activation inhibits neurotransmitter release through nitric oxide formation in rat hippocampal nerve terminals; In brain synapses, nitric oxide synthase activation is coupled to N-methyl-D-aspartate-mediated calcium entry at postsynaptic densities through regulatory protein complexes, however a presynaptic equivalent to this signaling mechanism has not yet been identified. Novel evidence indicates that N-methyl-D-aspartate glutamate receptors may play a presynaptic role in synaptic plasticity. Thus, we investigated whether ionotropic glutamate receptor activation in isolated nerve terminals regulates neurotransmitter release, through nitric oxide formation. N-Methyl-D-aspartate dose-dependently inhibited the release of glutamate evoked by 4-aminopyridine (IC50 = 155 μM), and this effect was reversed by the N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor antagonist D-(-)-2-amino-5-phosphopentanoic acid and by the nitric oxide synthase inhibitor, L-nitroarginine, in synaptosomes isolated from whole hippocampus, CA3 and CA1 areas, but not from the dentate gyrus. In contrast, the 4-aminopyridine-evoked release of glutamate was reduced by α-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazolepropionic acid or kainate by a nitric oxide-independent mechanism, since it was not blocked by L-nitroarginine, and N-methyl-D-aspartate, but not α-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazolepropionic acid or kainate, significantly increased cGMP formation. Presynaptic N-methyl-D-aspartate receptors are probably involved since removing extracellular nitric oxide with the scavenger 2-(4-carboxyphenyl)-4,4,5,5-tetramethylimidazoline-1-oxyl 3-oxide did not block the depression of glutamate release by N-methyl-D-aspartate. The mechanism underlying this depression involves the inhibition of synaptic vesicle exocytosis since N-methyl-D-aspartate/nitric oxide inhibited the release of [3H]glutamate and [14C]GABA evoked by hypertonic sucrose. The results also suggest that presynaptic N-methyl-D-aspartate receptors may function as auto- and heteroreceptors. © 2001 Elsevier Science B.V. ER  - 
Pivagabine effects on neuroendocrine responses to experimentally-induced psychological stress in humans; Neuroendocrinology of chronic stress seems to be characterized by HPA axis hyperactivity and early childhood stressors have been hypothesized to predispose individuals to adult onset depression by means of dysregulation of the HPA axis. Pivagabine (PVG), a hydrophobic 4-aminobutyric acid derivative, has been used experimentally recently in the treatment of different disorders related to stress-maladaptation, because of its possible inhibitory action on corticotrophin releasing factor secretion and HPA axis function. In the present study, 20 healthy male subjects were each exposed twice to the same psychosocial stressor (stroop color-word interference task, public speaking and mental arithmetic in front of an audience) during a first session (day 1) and a second session (day 8). Plasma concentrations of norepinephrine (NE), epinephrine (EPI), adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH) and cortisol (CORT), heart rate (HR) and systolic blood pressure (SBP) were measured immediately before the beginning of the tests and at their end, 30 min later, on both experimental days. Utilizing a double blind schedule, the subjects received pivagabine (900 mg, twice a day)(PVG group: nine subjects) or placebo (PBO group: 11 subjects) during the 7 days between the two stress sessions. NE, EPI, ACTH, and CORT levels were significantly elevated after stress exposure on day 1 and day 8 in PBO group subjects. After PVG treatment, on day 8, ACTH, CORT, NE and EPI responses to stress were significantly blunted, together with HR and SBP, in PVG group subjects. These results add to the evidence concerning PVG capacity to inhibit the HPA axis in humans, in response to stressful stimuli, and suggest that the action of PVG may be mediated not only by GABAergic receptors, but also by the suppression of catecholamines response. PVG treatment could modulate HPA hyper-responsiveness to stress in subjects with negative affectivity and depressive traits. Copyright © 2001 Published by Elsevier Science B.V. ER  - 
Biological and genetic markers of sporadic Alzheimer's disease.; With the development of new treatments, there is an increasing need for early diagnosis of sporadic Alzheimer's disease. Therefore, biological markers allowing positive diagnosis early in the course of the disease are highly desirable. Cerebrospinal fluid levels of protein tau were shown to be significantly increased in patients with Alzheimer's disease. Although sensitivity is high, poor specificity limits the diagnostic value of this marker. The same is true for the 42 amino acid isoform of beta-amyloid protein that is significantly decreased in cerebrospinal fluid of Alzheimer's disease patients. However, combining both markers could improve specificity at least allowing differentiation between Alzheimer's disease, normal ageing and depressive pseudodementia. Other biological markers such as cerebrospinal fluid levels of neurotransmitters, cytokines or superoxide dismutase were shown to have even less diagnostic value. The apolipoprotein epsilon 4 allele is a risk factor for Alzheimer's disease but not a diagnostic marker as many individuals who inherit epsilon 4 do not develop the disease. Till now, a single diagnostic marker allowing discrimination between Alzheimer's disease and other dementias does not exist. Combined cerebrospinal fluid levels of beta-amyloid protein and tau protein might be used as a marker that helps discriminating Alzheimer's disease from normal ageing and depression. ER  - 
Phospholipid metabolism and depression: The possible roles of phospholipase A2 and coenzyme A-independent transacylase; Phospholipids make up 60 per cent of the dry weight of the brain. They are essential for neuronal and especially for synaptic structure and play key roles in the signal transduction responses to dopamine, serotonin, glutamate and acetyl choline. The unsaturated fatty acid components of phospholipids are abnormal in depression, with deficits of eicosapentaenoic acid and other omega-3 fatty acids and excesses of the omega-6 fatty acid arachidonic acid. Correction of this abnormality by treatment with eicosapentaenoic acid improves depression. The fatty acid abnormalities provide a rational explanation for the associations of depression with cardiovascular disease, immunological activation, cancer, diabetic complications and osteoporosis. The abnormalities cannot be explained by diet, although diet may attenuate or exacerbate their consequences. A number of enzyme abnormalities could explain the phenomena: phospholipase A2, and coenzyme A-independent transacylase are strong candidates. Copyright © 2001 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Mechanism and management of drug-induced eating disorder; Eating disorders induced by drugs, especially anorexia, nausea and vomiting are frequently reported as side effects of many available drugs. Since such disorders can affect patients' quality of life, suitable treatment plans based on the mechanisms of their induction are warranted. Eating disorders induced by drugs can be classified according to the mechanism of their induction into disorders resulting from: 1) gastrointestinal mucosal injury; nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs, antibiotics, etc. 2) chemical stimulation of the central nervous system; anticancer drugs, morphine, digitalis, etc. 3) non-specific symptoms following other systemic side effects; drug-induced depression, liver derangement, etc. This review addresses the aforementioned points and the best countermeasures that should be tried for successful control of these disorders. ER  - 
Roles for nitric oxide and arachidonic acid in the induction of heterosynaptic cerebellar LTD; In cerebellar slices conjunctive pairing of parallel fibre (PF) stimulation with depolarization of Purkinje cells (PCs) induces a long-term depression (LTD) of PF synaptic transmission that spreads to unpaired PF inputs to the same cell. Inhibitors of NO synthase (7-nitro-indazole), soluble guanylate cyclase (ODQ) and PKG (KT5823) all prevented depression at each of two independent PF pathways to a single PC. Inhibition of NOS also unmasked a platelet activating factor (PAF)-mediated synaptic potentiation of possible presynaptic origin. LTD was also prevented by the phospholipase A2 inhibitor OBAA but was rescued by co-perfusion with arachidonic acid. We conclude that NO and diffusible products of phospholipase A2 metabolism are potential mediators of the spread of cerebellar plasticity at the single cell level. © 2001 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Effects of hyaluronic acid on the morphology and proliferation of human chondrocytes in primary cell culture; Hyaline articular cartilage is a specialised connective tissue with weight bearing and adsorbing functions. Injury or loss of which often leads to impaired joint function and severe pain. Since the self-renewing abilities of hyaline articular cartilage are limited, there is major interest in the development of bioengineered cartilaginous implants. A cell-matrix-biocomposite composed of a collagen I/III scaffold seeded with autologous chondrocytes is currently being used in clinical trials; however, in order to optimise culture conditions, we cultured human condrocytes and seeded them on type I/III collagen membranes and on Thermanox plastic coverslips with media containing 0 to 500 μg/ml Hyaluronic Acid. After 4 days, the cells were either fixed or BrdU incorporation procedures begun. HE staining clearly demonstrated that cells grown in HA form three dimensional clusters and produce secretory vesicles as opposed to the monolayer control cells with noticeably fewer secretory vesicles. BrdU incorporation revealed a noticeable increase in cell proliferation in cells grown in 100 μg/ml; however, no comparable increase in 500 μg/ml but rather a slight depression in proliferation. Immunohistochemistry for collagen II and aggrecan revealed an obvious increase in deposition of these two substances with increased HA administration as compared to the control; however, again, the higher concentration of HA, 500 μg/ml, did not result in a further increase in production. These results suggest that HA at 100 μg/ml not only influences chondrocytes to differentiate and produce more Collagen II and aggrecan, but also increases proliferation. We, therefore, propose that the addition of HA at low to middle dosages in condrocyte culturing might help improve condrocyte redifferentation and thus, the bioengineered cartilage. ER  - 
Effect of propranolol in silent myocardial ischemia induced by anthracyclines; Effect of propranolol on pain-free myocardial ischemia induced by exposure to anthracyclinic antibiotics were assessed by findings from Holter ECG monitoring in 36 patients with acute lymphoblast leukemia against the background of a complete clinical-and-hematological remission. In those patients having received small cumulative doses of anthracyclines (less than 550 mg/m2) in whom depression of ST-segment had an apparent tachydependent character the severity of pain-free ischemia was shown to be alleviated by a 3-week intake of propranolol. Remarkably, those patients with "silent" myocardial ischemia having received high cumulative doses of cytostatics (more than 550 mg/m2) did not derive much benefit from beta-adrenoblocker, which fact might be associated with the presence in this case of ischemic episodes unrelated to tachycardia. ER  - 
Severity of depression in abstinent alcoholics is associated with monoamine metabolites and dehydroepiandrosterone-sulfate concentrations; Depressed mood increases the relapse risk of abstinent alcoholics; its neurobiological correlates may include reduced serotonin and norepinephrine turnover rates and increased cortisol concentrations during detoxification stress. Neurosteroids such as dehydroepiandrosterone and its sulfate (DHEA and DHEA-S) may antagonize cortisol action and may have mood-elevating effects on their own. We measured severity of depression with Beck's Depression Inventory (BDI) and Hamilton's Depression Rating Scale (HDRS), plasma concentrations of cortisol, DHEA and DHEA-S, and CSF concentrations of the serotonin metabolite 5-hydroxyindoleacetic acid (5-HIAA), the norepinephrine metabolite 3-methoxy-4-hydroxyphenylglycol (MHPG) and the dopamine metabolite homovanillic acid (HVA) in 21 abstinent alcoholics after 4 weeks of abstinence and in 11 age-matched healthy control subjects. Only CSF MHPG concentrations were reduced in alcoholics compared to control subjects (41.4±6.6 vs. 53.3±8.6 pmol/ml). Self-rated depression was significantly correlated with CSF MHPG (Spearman's R=+0.57, P<0.01), CSF 5-HIAA (R=+0.51, P<0.05) and plasma cortisol concentrations (R=+0.50, P<0.05). Negative correlations were found between DHEA-S concentrations and both self-rated depression (R=-0.45, P<0.05) and observer-rated depression (R=-0.55, P<0.05). The ratio of DHEA-S to cortisol serum concentrations was also negatively correlated with depression (BDI: R=-0.55, P<0.01; HDRS: R=-0.63, P<0.005). Anxiety (Spielberger's State Anxiety Scale) was only associated with CSF MHPG concentrations (R=+0.58, P<0.01). Our findings point to the importance of noradrenergic dysfunction in the pathogenesis of depression among abstinent alcoholics and indicate that their mood states may also be modulated by a low DHEA-S to cortisol ratio, hypothetically indicative of low stress protection capacities. Copyright (C) 1999 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. ER  - 
Intestinal motor depression by 7-nitroindazole through an action unrelated to nitric oxide synthase inhibition; Nitric oxide (NO) is a cotransmitter of inhibitory motor neurons of the enteric nervous system. This study examined the effect of 7-nitroindazole (7-NI), an inhibitor of neuronal NO synthase (NOS), on intestinal peristalsis and muscle activity and compared 7-NI with N(G)-nitro-L-arginine methyl ester (L-NAME), a nonselective inhibitor of NOS isoforms. Peristalsis in isolated segments of the guinea pig small intestine was triggered by a perfusion-induced rise of the intraluminal pressure. While L-NAME (10-300 μmol/l) lowered the peristaltic pressure threshold (PPT) at which propulsive muscle contractions were elicited, 7-NI (10-300 μmol/l) caused a concentration-related increase in PPT. L-Arginine (1-3 mmol/l) failed to reverse peristaltic motor depression evoked by 7-NI but annulled the L-NAME-evoked stimulation of peristalsis. Drugs which stimulated peristalsis, such as L-NAME, naloxone, apamin and suramin plus pyridoxal phosphate-6-azophenyl-2'-4'-disulphonic acid counteracted the inhibitory effect of submaximally effective concentrations of 7-NI on peristalsis. 7-NI (100-300 μmol/l) inhibited circular muscle contractions evoked by cholecystokinin octapeptide, the NK1 receptor agonist GR-73,632 and indomethacin whereas L-NAME (100-300 μmol/l) failed to inhibit any drug-evoked contraction. These data show that 7-NI, unlike L-NAME, inhibits circular muscle contractions of the gut and depresses intestinal peristalsis. It is concluded that the inhibitory motor action of 7-NI is unrelated to inhibition of neuronal NOS and arises from depression of smooth muscle activity. ER  - 
Calcineurin phosphatase inhibitors, tacrolimus and cyclosporine, potentiate vasopressin V2 receptor mediated effects on locomotor and analgesic activity in mice; There is accumulating evidence suggesting the role of protein phosphorylation in intracellular signal transduction contributing to many neuronal events. Studies have been conducted on the effect of protein phosphorylation in long term potentiation and depression, neuronal kindling as well as learning and memory. The present study was conducted to examine the effects of acute treatment of calcineurin phosphatase inhibiting immunosuppressant drugs, cyclosporine (Cys) and Tacrolimus (Tac) on the Vasopressin V2 receptor stimulated physiological actions like the locomotor activity, and anti-nociception. The locomotor activity of albino mice weighing between 20-35 g were evaluated in an open field locomotor box made of wood and comprising of 16 squares. In the control group of mice (n = 8), it was observed that pretreatment with vehicle alone appreciably altered the V2 receptor agonist, Desmopressin (DDAVP) (5 μg/kg ip) induced reduction in locomotor activity (P < 0.05). In two other groups of animals (n = 8), the mice were pretreated with Cys (2.4 mg/kg ip) or Tac (50 μg/kg ip) and the effect of DDAVP was found to be further potentiated resulting in a decrease in locomotor activity counts from 44 ± 4.09 to 26 ± 4.69 and 21.5 ± 2.48 to 4.1 ± 1.9 respectively (P < 0.01). On the other hand, the effect of the two calcineurin phosphatase inhibitors Tac and Cys, was similar on the anti-nociceptive effect elicited after DDAVP injection in mice. Both the immunosuppressant drugs significantly potentiated the effect of DDAVP on Acetic acid induced writhings in mice i.e. resulting in a decrease in writhings fro 21.9 ± 0.54 to 3.84 ± 1.35 and 4. 5 ± 0.53 respectively (P < 0.01). The results of the present study clearly suggest that these immunophilin binding drugs modulate the effect of the V2 receptor agonist DDAVP by inhibiting the enzyme calcineurin phosphatase. This study points to a new signalling mechanism of the Vasopressin V2 receptor in central nervous system (CNS). ER  - 
Repeated antibiotic treatment in chronic Lyme disease; Patients with chronic Lyme disease who experience persistent cognitive deficits despite having received the recommended antibiotic treatment pose a therapeutic dilemma. This pilot study was designed to assess whether additional antibiotic therapy is beneficial. Enrolled in the study were 23 patients with complaints of persistent memory problems who had previously received 416 weeks of intravenous antibiotic therapy. Patients were tested at baseline and 4 months later. During this interval, the private physician determined treatment (intravenous, intramuscular, oral, or none). Assessments included standardized measures of cognition, depression, anxiety, and functional status. Between times 1 and 2, 5 patients were given no antibiotics and 18 were given additional antibiotics: 7 intravenously, 4 intramuscularly, and 7 orally. At time 1, there were no statistically significant group differences in cognition, depression, or anxiety between those who later received antibiotics and those who didn't. At time 1, the 23 patients were also functionally disabled. At time 2, compared with patients who received no antibiotics, patients given antibiotics scored better on overall and individual measures of cognition. Patients given intravenous antibiotics showed the greatest functional improvement (pain, physical functioning, energy) and the most cognitive improvement, even when controlling for baseline differences in cognition between the treatment groups. Patients who did not have a reactive Western blot currently or historically were just as likely to improve cognitively as patients with reactive Western blot results. This uncontrolled study suggests that repeated antibiotic treatment can be beneficial, even among patients who have been previously treated and even among patients who are currently Western blot negative, with the intravenous route of treatment being the most effective. A double-blind placebo-controlled study is needed to confirm these results. ER  - 
Repeated antibiotic treatment in chronic Lyme disease; Patients with chronic Lyme disease who experience persistent cognitive deficits despite having received the recommended antibiotic treatment pose a therapeutic dilemma. This pilot study was designed to assess whether additional antibiotic therapy is beneficial. Enrolled in the study were 23 patients with complaints of persistent memory problems who had previously received 4-16 weeks of intravenous antibiotic therapy. Patients were tested at baseline and 4 months later. During this interval, the private physician determined treatment (intravenous, intramuscular, oral, or none). Assessments included standardized measures of cognition, depression, anxiety, and functional status. Between times 1 and 2, 5 patients were given no antibiotics and 18 were given additional antibiotics: 7 intravenously, 4 intramuscularly, and 7 orally. At time 1, there were no statistically significant group differences in cognition, depression, or anxiety between those who later received antibiotics and those who didn't. At time 1, the 23 patients were also functionally disabled. At time 2, compared with patients who received no antibiotics, patients given antibiotics scored better on overall and individual measures of cognition. Patients given intravenous antibiotics showed the greatest functional improvement (pain, physical functioning, energy) and the most cognitive improvement, even when controlling for baseline differences in cognition between the treatment groups. Patients who did not have a reactive Western blot currently or historically were just as likely to improve cognitively as patients with reactive Western blot results. This uncontrolled study suggests that repeated antibiotic treatment can be beneficial, even among patients who have been previously treated and even among patients who are currently Western blot negative, with the intravenous route of treatment being the most effective. A double-blind placebo-controlled study is needed to confirm these results. ER  - 
Effect of methyl-prednisone and cyclosporine on the lipid pattern and polyunsaturated fatty acid biosynthesis in the rat.; The hyperlipidemia posttransplant has been largely attributed to immunosuppressant agents. In the present work we evaluated the effect of oral administration of cyclosporine (5 mg/kg/day) and/or methyl-prednisone (1 mg/kg/day) on lipid composition and polyunsaturated fatty acid biosynthesis in normal adult male rats. The results obtained showed that both agents produced a delay on the growth together with a significant loss of body weight. In liver microsomal fraction from rats treated with methyl-prednisone, a depression in delta 6 and delta 5 desaturation activities, was observed. This effect was corroborated in the fatty acid pattern through the enhancement of linoleic and dihomo-gamma-linolenic acids, and a depression of arachidonic acid. Similar results were noticed in those rats treated with both drugs when compared to the controls. No changes were observed either in the amount of liver microsomal total lipids or in the fatty acid composition of kidney and testis microsomes, as well as in erythrocyte membranes, among the different groups studied. Cyclosporine alone produced a significant depression in plasma triglycerides and showed no modifications in the other lipid parameters studied compared to the controls. Fluorescence anisotropy measured in the different membranes was not modified by the several treatments used. In view of the aforementioned data, it can be stated that methyl-prednisone would be the responsible for many of the lipid disorders that can be observed in posttransplant patients when they are subjected to the combined immunotherapy with cyclosporine. ER  - 
Neuroactive neurosteroids as endogenous effecters for the sigma1 (σ1) receptor: Pharmacological evidence and therapeutic opportunities; Neuroactive neurosteroids, including progesterone, allopregnanolone, pregnenolone and dehydroepiandrosterone, represent steroid hormones synthesized de novo in the brain and acting locally on nervous cells. Neurosteroids modulate several neurotransmitter systems such as γ-aminobutyric acid type A (GABA(A)), N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) and acetylcholine receptors. As physiologic consequences, they are involved in neuronal plasticity, learning and memory processes, aggression and epilepsy, and they modulate the responses to stress, anxiety and depression. The σ1-receptor protein was recently purified and its cDNA was cloned in several species. The amino-acid sequences are structurally unrelated to known mammalian proteins, but shared homology with a fungal sterol C8-C7 isomerase. The σ1-receptor ligands exert a potent neuromodulation on excitatory neurotransmitter systems, including the glutamate and cholinergic systems. Consequently, selective σ1 agonists show neuroprotective properties and beneficial effects in memory processes, stress and depression. The evidence of a direct interaction between neurosteroids and σ1-receptors was first suggested by the ability of several steroids to inhibit the binding of σ1-receptor radioligands in vitro and in vivo. A crossed pharmacology between neurosteroids and σ1-receptor ligands was described in several physiological tests and behavioral responses. This review will detail the recent evidence for a common mechanism of action between neurosteroids and σ1-receptor ligands and focus on the potential therapeutic interests of such interaction in the physiopathology of learning and memory impairments, stress, depression and neuroprotection. ER  - 
A tetracycline derivative, minocycline, reduces inflammation and protects against focal cerebral ischemia with a wide therapeutic window; The only treatment of patients with acute ischemic stroke is thrombolytic therapy, which benefits only a fraction of stroke patients. Both human and experimental studies indicate that ischemic stroke involves secondary inflammation that significantly contributes to the outcome after ischemic insult. Minocycline is a semisynthetic second-generation tetracycline that exerts antiinflammatory effects that are completely separate from its antimicrobial action. Because tetracycline treatment is clinically well tolerated, we investigated whether minocycline protects against focal brain ischemia with a wide therapeutic window. Using a rat model of transient middle cerebral artery occlusion, we show that daily treatment with minocycline reduces cortical infarction volume by 76 ± 22% when the treatment is started 12 h before ischemia and by 63 ± 35% when started even 4 h after the onset of ischemia. The treatment inhibits morphological activation of microglia in the area adjacent to the infarction, inhibits induction of IL-1β-converting enzyme, and reduces cyclooxygenase-2 expression and prostaglandin E2 production. Minocycline had no effect on astrogliosis or spreading depression, a wave of ionic transients thought to contribute to enlargement of cortical infarction. Treatment with minocycline may act directly on brain cells, because cultured primary neurons were also salvaged from glutamate toxicity. Minocycline may represent a prototype of an antiinflammatory compound that provides protection against ischemic stroke and has a clinically relevant therapeutic window. ER  - 
The COOH terminus of aminoglycoside phosphotransferase (3')-IIIa is critical for antibiotic recognition and resistance; The aminoglycoside phosphotransferases (APHs) are widely distributed among pathogenic bacteria and are employed to covalently modify, and thereby detoxify, the clinically relevant aminoglycoside antibiotics. The crystal structure for one of these aminoglycoside kinases, APH(3')-IIIa, has been determined in complex with ADP and analysis of the electrostatic surface potential indicates that there is a large anionic depression present adjacent to the terminal phosphate group of the nucleotide. This region also includes a conserved COOH-terminal α-helix that contains the COOH-terminal residue Phe264. We report here mutagenesis and computer modeling studies aimed at examining the mode of aminoglycoside binding to APH(3')-IIIa. Specifically, seven site mutants were studied, five from the COOH-terminal helix (Asp261, Glu262, and Phe264), and two additional residues that line the wall of the anionic depression (Tyr55 and Arg211). Using a molecular modeling approach, six ternary complexes of APH(3')-IIIa·ATP with the antibiotics, kanamycin, amikacin, butirosin, and ribostamycin were independently constructed and these agree well with the mutagenesis data. The results obtained show that the COOH-terminal carboxylate of Phe264 is critical for proper function of the enzyme. Furthermore, these studies demonstrate that there exists multiple binding modes for the aminoglycosides, which provides a molecular basis for the broad substrate- and regiospecificity observed for this enzyme. ER  - 
Induction of apoptosis in HL-60 cells by eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) is associated with downregulation of bcl-2 expression; Dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) have been reported as a potential group of natural products which modulate tumor cell growth. In present study, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) was found to inhibit proliferation of human leukemic HL-60 and K-562 cells in vitro. EPA arrested cell cycle progression at G0/G1 phase, and induced necrosis in both HL-60 and K-562 cells. However, EPA induced apoptosis only in HL-60 but not K-562 cells. Also, bcl-2 protein expression was downregulated in much greater extent than that of bax showing that depression of bcl-2 might be an important step during the EPA-induced apoptosis in HL-60 cells. ER  - 
Induction of hippocampal LTD requires nitric-oxide-stimulated PKG activity and Ca2+ release from cyclic ADP-ribose-sensitive stores; Longterm depression (LTD) of synaptic transmission can be induced by several mechanisms, one thought to involve Ca2+-dependent activation of postsynaptic nitric oxide (NO) synthase and subsequent diffusion of NO to the presynaptic terminal. We used the stable NO donor S-nitroso-N- acetylpenicillamine (SNAP) to study the NO-dependent form of LTD at Schaffer collateral-CA1 synapses in vitro. SNAP (100 μM) enhanced the induction of LTD via a cascade that was blocked by the N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor antagonist D-2-amino-5-phosphonopentanoic acid (50 μM), NO guanylyl cyclase inhibitor 1H-[1,2,4] oxadiazolo [4,3-a] quinoxalin-1-one (10 μM), and the PKG inhibitor KT5823 (1 μM). We further show that LTD induced by low- frequency stimulation in the absence of SNAP also is blocked by KT5823 or Rp- 8-(4-chlorophenylthio)-guanosine 3',5' cyclic monophosphorothioate (10 μM), cyclic guanosine 3',5' monophosphate-dependent protein kinase (PKG) inhibitors with different mechanisms of action. Furthermore SNAP-facilitated LTD was blocked when release from intracellular calcium stores was inhibited by ryanodine (10 μM). Finally, two cell-permeant antagonists of the cyclic ADP-ribose binding site on ryanodine receptors also were able to block the induction of LTD. These results support a cascade for induction of homosynaptic, NO-dependent LTD involving activation of guanylyl cyclase, production of guanosine 3',5' cyclic monophosphate and subsequent PKG activation. This process has an additional requirement for release of Ca2+ from ryanodine-sensitive stores, perhaps dependent on the second-messenger cyclic ADP ribose. ER  - 
Effect of dietary glutamate on chemotherapy-induced immunosuppression; Chemotherapy causes severe host immune depression and consequently increases susceptibility to infection. Dietary glutamate (GLU) serves as a stable substrate for the formation of glutamine (GLN), which is an important fuel and metabolic precursor for the immune cells. The effect of addition of GLU to a GLN/GLU-free amino acid diet upon immune response was studied in rats recovering from chemotherapy. Animals were fed a 0, 4, or 8% GLU diet and received a single intraperitoneal injection of methotrexate (MTX, 20 mg/kg BW). Two in vivo immune tests, delayed-type hypersensitivity (DTH) and popliteal lymphoproliferation (PLP), were performed 3 and 7 d after MTX treatment. Food intake and body weight decreased significantly immediately after MTX treatment and gradually recovered after 8 d with no significant difference among treatment groups. In a 23-d feeding study, no significant difference was found in the DTH response, but the PLP response increased in a GLU dose related fashion (83 and 133% increases for the 4 and 8% GLU diets, respectively). In a 44-d feeding study, the DTH response increased 61 and 83%, while the PLP response increased 191 and 382% for the 4 and 8% GLU diets, respectively. Plasma GLN, GLU, or glutathione (GSH) levels were increased by dietary GLU, but only in the immediate postprandial state. In summary, dietary GLU improves immune status of rats recovering from MTX treatment. The immune-enhancing effect of dietary GLU was dose-dependent and more pronounced after a longer duration of dietary GLU intake. Copyright (C) 1999 Elsevier Science Inc. ER  - 
Selective suppression of cerebellar GABAergic transmission by an autoantibody to glutamic acid decarboxylase; Humoral immune response to glutamic acid decarboxylase (GAD) has been implicated in the pathogenesis of stiff-man syndrome and cerebellar ataxia, but the underlying pathomechanism is unclear. Using a whole-cell patch-clamp technique with rat cerebellar slices, we found that immunoglobulins present in the cerebrospinal fluid of an ataxic patient acted presynaptically to cause a selective suppression of GABAergic transmission. This synaptic depression was most likely elicited by an autoantibody to GAD. ER  - 
Blood folate, vitamin B12 and their relationships with cerebrospinal fluid monoamine metabolites, depression, and personality in suicide attempters; High prevalences of folate deficiency have been reported in psychiatric patients, and low folate and vitamin B12 concentrations have been associated with depression and low levels of the serotonin metabolite 5-hydroxyindoleacetic acid (5-HIAA) in cerebrospinal fluid (CSF). A total of 107 suicide attempters, 41 with information on CSF monoamine metabolite levels, were studied for the purpose of exploring the blood folate and serum B12 levels and their relationships with the three major monoamine metabolites in the CSF, plasma cortisol before and after dexamethasone administration, the Beck Hopelessness Scale (BHS), the Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS), suicidality as measured with the Suicide Assessment Scale (SAS), and the Marke-Nyman Temperament (MNT) dimensions. Diagnoses were made on the basis of the DSM-III-R. Few patients had low folate or B12 levels. No significant differences appeared between the diagnostic groups. B12 correlated positively and significantly with cortisol (rsp = 0.23, P = 0.04). The monoamine metabolites did not correlate significantly with folate or B12. After adjustments for age, neither folate nor B12 correlated significantly with the BHS, MADRS, SAS, or MNT scores or post-dexamethasone cortisol levels. In suicide attempters without folate or B12 deficiency, blood folate and serum B12 showed no relationship with depression or low CSF 5-HIAA concentrations. We could not replicate the high prevalences of folate or B12 deficiency previously reported for psychiatric patients. Possible reasons for the negative findings are discussed. ER  - 
Effect of a cachectic factor on carbohydrate metabolism and attenuation by eicosapentaenoic acid; The effect of a proteolysis-inducing factor (PIF), produced by cachexia-inducing tumours on glucose utilization by different tissues and the effect of pretreatment with the polyunsaturated fatty acid eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), has been determined using the 2-deoxyglucose tracer technique. Mice receiving PIF showed a profound depression of body weight (2.3 g) over a 24-h period, which was completely abolished by pretreatment with a monoclonal antibody to PIF or by 3 days pretreatment with EPA at 500 mg kg-1. Animals receiving PIF exhibited a marked hypoglycaemia, which was effectively reversed by both antibody and EPA pretreatment. There was an increase in glucose utilization by brain, heart and brown fat, but a decrease by kidney, white fat, diaphragm and gastrocnemius muscle after administration of PIF. Changes in organ glucose consumption were attenuated by either monoclonal antibody, EPA, or both. There was a decrease in 2-deoxyglucose uptake by C2C12 myoblasts in vitro, which was attenuated by EPA. This suggests a direct effect of PIF on glucose uptake by skeletal muscle. These results suggest that in addition to a direct catabolic effect on skeletal muscle PIF has a profound effect on glucose utilization during cachexia. ER  - 
Effects of chronic dietary supplementation with ω3 and ω6 fatty acid rich oils on lipopolysaccharide-induced behavioural responses and interleukin-1β secretion in the rat; An abnormal fatty acid composition may be related to the immune-inflammatory pathophysiology of major depression. We have examined the effects of dietary supplementation (200 mg/kg per day) for 4 weeks with the ω3 fatty acid rich oils eicosapentanoic acid (EPA) 70 monoester and EPA 95 diester or a ω6 fatty acid rich oil, nicotinic gamma linoleic acid (Nice GLA) on lipopolysaccharide (LPS)-induced depressive-like behavioural symptoms and interleukin (IL)-1β production in the rat. LPS challenge (100 μg/kg; i.p.) produced significant decreases in body weight gain, food intake, consumption of a palatable saccharin solution and nocturnal activity in the home cage in all groups irrespective of the nature of pre-treatment. The LPS challenge also provoked a robust increase in plasma interleukin-1β concentrations which was not altered by dietary fatty acid supplementation. These results suggest that dietary supplementation with either ω3 or ω6 fatty acids does not alter IL-1β secretion or the depressive-like behavioural symptoms provoked by LPS administration in the rat. ER  - 
Nitric oxide in the pathogenesis of sepsis; In sepsis and septic shock, inflammatory mediators result in the production of increased concentrations of nitric oxide (NO) from the enzymatic breakdown of the amino acid L-arginine. The increased amounts of NO are responsible for changes in vasomotor tone, decreased vasopressor responsiveness, and decreased myocardial function, characteristic of septic insult. Therapeutic strategies designed to reduce the concentration of NO by inhibiting the action of the nitric oxide synthase enzyme, or by scavenging the excess NO, offer the potential to treat directly the vasomotor abnormalities and myocardial depression seen in sepsis and other inflammatory states. This article reviews the biology of NO in sepsis and discusses strategies for neutralization of the increased NO production, in the setting of severe sepsis and septic shock. ER  - 
Maternal fever and neonatal depression: Preliminary observations; The objectives of this study were to determine in term infants: (1) the importance of maternal fever (maternal temperature >38°C) as a risk factor for neonatal depression and (2) the clinical course of infants admitted to the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (NICU) born to mothers with fever. For 2 years, 59 (0.24%) of 25,000 term infants had a 5-minute Apgar score ≤5 and 22 (0.08%) infants were administered chest compressions with or without epinephrine as part of cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) in the delivery room. The perinatal event most commonly associated with a 5-minute Apgar score ≤5 was maternal fever in 19 infants (32%), with meconium + fetal heart rate (FTHR) abnormalities in 15 (25%), and FTHR abnormalities only in 13 (22%), additional associations (n=13). By stepwise linear regression analysis, a 5-minute Apgar ≤5 was related only to the initial infant temperature (p=0.009, r=0.33). Maternal fever noted in six infants (27%) was also commonly associated with CPR, as was the presence of meconium + FTHR abnormalities in seven (32%), and FTHR abnormalities only in four (18%). One hundred thirteen (7.5%) of the approximately 1,500 term infants born to mothers with maternal fever were admitted to the NICU. In addition to fever, the labor was complicated by meconium (in 16 infants), meconium + FTHR abnormalities (in 19 infants), and FTHR abnormalities only (in 11 infants). Resuscitative interventions in the delivery room included oxygen only in 43 infants, bag and mask ventilation in 38, continuous positive airway pressure in 10, intubation in 16, and CPR in six infants. Forty-nine infants (43%) had an initial temperature >38°C including 13 (11%) with an initial temperature >39°C. Twelve (10%) infants remained intubated on admission and five required ventilator support >24 hours. One blood culture was positive although all mothers were pretreated with antibiotics. One infant developed hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy including seizures. Maternal fever is the perinatal event most frequently associated with a 5-minute Apgar score ≤5 and a common association with the need for CPR. Clinicians attending the delivery of a mother with fever should anticipate the potential for neonatal depression; such awareness should facilitate appropriate preparation before delivery and potentially reduce the need for more intensive resuscitation. ER  - 
Aging modulates nitric oxide synthesis and cGMP levels in hippocampus and cerebellum: Effects of amyloid β peptide; The biological roles of nitric oxide (NO) and cGMP as inter- and intracellular messengers have been intensively investigated during the last decade. NO and cGMP both mediate physiological effects in the cardiovascular, endocrinological, and immunological systems as well as in central nervous system (CNS). In the CNS, activation of the N-methyl-D-aspartic acid (NMDA) type of glutamatergic receptor induces Ca2+-dependent NOS and NO release, which then activates soluble guanylate cyclase for the synthesis of cGMP. Both compounds appear to be important mediators in long-term potentiation and long-term depression, and thus may play important roles in the mechanisms of learning and memory. Aging and the accumulation of amyloid β (Aβ) peptides are important risk factors for the impairment of memory and development of dementia: In these studies, the mechanism of basal- and NMDA receptor- mediated cGMP formation in different parts of adult and aged brains was evaluated. The relative activity of the NO cascade was determined by assay of NOS and guanylate cyclase activities. In addition, the effect of the neurotoxic fragment 25-35 of Aβ (Aβ) peptide on basal and NMDA receptor- mediated NOS activity was investigated. The studies were carried out using slices of hippocampus, brain cortex, and cerebellum from 3- and 28-mo-old rats. Aging coincided with a decrease in the basal level of cGMP as a consequence of a more active degradation of cGMP by a phosphodiesterase in the aged brain as compared to the adult brain. Moreover, a loss of the NMDA receptor-stimulated enhancement of the cGMP level determined in the presence of cGMP-phosphodiesterase inhibitor 3-isobutyl-1-methylxanthine (IBMX) was observed in hippocampus and cerebellum of aged rats. However, this NMDA receptor response was preserved in aged brain cerebral cortex. A significant enhancement of the basal activity of NOS by about 175 and 160% in hippocampus and cerebellum, respectively, of aged brain may be involved in the alteration of the NMDA receptor response. The neurotoxic fragment of Aβ, peptide 25- 35, decreased significantly the NMDA receptor-mediated calcium, and calmodulin-dependent NO synthesis that may then be responsible for disturbances of the NO and cGMP signaling pathway. We concluded that cGMP- dependent signal transduction in hippocampus and cerebellum may become insufficient in senescent brain and may have functional consequences in disturbances of learning and memory processes. Aβ peptide accumulated during brain aging and in Alzheimer disease may be an important factor in decreasing the NO-dependent signal transduction mediated by NMDA receptors. ER  - 
Contamination of antibiotics resulting in severe pediatric methadone poisoning; OBJECTIVE: To report an accidental contamination of antibiotic suspension by methadone that occurred in a retail Canadian pharmacy, leading to severe poisoning in a young child. CASE SUMMARY: A 4 1/2 -year-old healthy Asian boy was prescribed amoxicillin suspension for cough and fever. Shortly after receiving the second dose of 5 mL he became drowsy anti less responsive. On admission, he was arousable by deep pain, and pinpoint pupils were noted. A urine sample sent for a toxicology screen revealed the presence of methadone and its metabolite. Blood methadone concentrations were 0.23 and 0.14 mg/L, five and nine hours after the second dose of amoxicillin was given, respectively. The amoxicillin suspension was tested for methadone and was found to have a concentration of 2.4 g/L. The child gradually improved and was discharged on day 4 in good condition. The pharmacy in which the antibiotic was dispensed has been a dispensing center for a local methadone maintenance program, and methadone was accidentally mixed with the antibiotics. DISCUSSION: In this case, a near fatal outcome occurred when methadone was inadvertently mixed with antibiotics in a community pharmacy. A literature search revealed two previous reports of opiate toxicity in children following ingestion of oral antibiotic preparations. CONCLUSIONS: Prompt action is needed in Canadian pharmacies that dispense methadone in order to minimize such errors in the future. General practitioners, pediatricians, and emergency department physicians should recognize and suspect this rare cause of opiate toxicity in a child. In a patient presenting with a decreased level of consciousness and miosis, with or without respiratory depression, naloxone administration should be considered, whether or not a history of opioid ingestion is obtained. ER  - 
General pharmacology of pazufloxacin mesilate (1) - Effects on general behavior and the central nervous system; The effects of pazufloxacin mesilate (PZFX mesilate), a new parenteral quinolone, on general behavior and the central nervous system (CNS) were investigated as part of general pharmacological studies. The following results were obtained. 1. PZFX mesilate at more than 200 mg/kg i.v. caused transient depression of the CNS as indicated by relaxation of body posture in the assessment of mouse behavior. 2. PZFX mesilate at 100 mg/kg i.v. displayed anti-reserpine activity in mice, but at 10-100 mg/kg i.v. had no effect on spontaneous locomotor activity, motor coordination, pentobarbital- induced hypnosis, or convulsions in mice, passive avoidance response in rats, body temperature in rabbits, or the EEG in cats. 3. PZFX mesilate at up to 200 mg/kg i.v. failed to induce convulsions in 4-biphenylacetic-acid (BPAA)- pretreated mice. At 10-4 M it had no effect on γ-aminobutyric acid receptor binding in rat crude synaptic membrane either in the presence or absence of BPAA. ER  - 
Human hypersensitivity angiitis: An uncommon cause of death after trauma; Introduction: The article demonstrates, using a case report, that death following an accident may have rarely encountered causes that are not a direct result of trauma and that can only be detected by autopsy. Case: An unconscious woman aged 57 years was admitted to hospital. Despite immediate surgery for intracranial haemorrhage diagnosed by means of cranial computed tomography, the patient died showing clinical symptoms of circulatory depression after a brief period of stabilisation. The autopsy established myocardial infarction with hypersensitivity angiitis as the cause of death. Conclusion: In this case, the authors hold the opinion that the intravenous application of antibiotics during the patient's stay in hospital resulted in hypersensitivity angiitis. The factors causing hypersensitivity angiitis, the morphological picture (clinical, histological) and therapeutic: measures are described. ER  - 
Depression and bipolar disorder: Relationships to impaired fatty acid and phospholipid metabolism and to diabetes, cardiovascular disease, immunological abnormalities, cancer, ageing and osteoporosis. Possible candidate genes; Depression and bipolar disorder are two of the commonest illnesses in the developed world. While some patients can be treated effectively with available drugs, many do not respond, especially in the depression related to bipolar disorder. Depression is associated with diabetes, cardiovascular disease, immunological abnormalities, multiple sclerosis, cancer, osteoporosis and ageing: in each case depressed individuals have a worse outcome than non-depressed individuals. In all of these conditions there is now evidence of impaired phospholipid metabolism and impaired fatty acid-related signal transduction processes. Impaired fatty acid and phospholipid metabolism may be a primary cause of depression in many patients and may explain the interactions with other diseases. Several novel gene candidates for involvement in depression and bipolar disorder are proposed. ER  - 
Effects of endotoxin on human myocardial contractility involvement of nitric oxide and peroxynitrite; OBJECTIVES: This study examined the effects of endotoxin on cardiac contractility in human myocardium. BACKGROUND: In animal myocardium, endotoxin and cytokine treatment led to enhanced inducible nitric oxide synthase (iNOS) expression and contractile dysfunction. Effects in human myocardium are unknown. METHODS: Left ventricular myocardial preparations from failing (n = 18) and nonfailing (n = 5) human hearts were incubated for 6 and 12 h in tyrode solution or in tyrode plus lipopolysaccharides (LPS), with LPS plus N(G)-mono-methyl-L-arginine (L-NMMA), with LPS plus hemoglobin or with LPS plus the superoxide scavenger 4,5-dihydroxy-1,3-benzene disulfonic acid (Tiron). Force of contraction in response to isoprenaline (0.001 to 3 μmol/liter) was determined in electrically stimulated muscle preparations. The iNOS mRNA expression was examined by in situ hybridization and by polymerase chain reaction. The cyclic guanosine monophosphate (cGMP) levels were determined by radioimmunoassay. RESULTS: Isoprenaline concentration dependently increased force of contraction. Six and 12 hours of LPS treatment of failing myocardium decreased maximum inotropic response to isoprenaline by 54% (p = 0.009) and by 69% (p = 0.0023), respectively. In nonfailing myocardium, 12 h of LPS treatment decreased maximum inotropic effect of isoprenaline by 66% (p < 0.001). The LPS effects were attenuated by L-NMMA, hemoglobin and also Tiron. The iNOS mRNA was expressed in all LPS- treated preparations but also in most control myocardial preparations. In situ hybridization revealed iNOS expression within cardiac myocytes. There was no increase in myocardial CGMP content in response to endotoxin. CONCLUSIONS: Endotoxin exposure of human myocardium leads to a depression of cardiac contractility, which is mediated by enhanced iNOS activity and release of nitric oxide (NO). Consecutive reaction of NO with superoxide and formation of peroxynitrite may contribute to the decrease in force of contraction. ER  - 
Non-fatal clozapine (LEPONEX) intoxication with toxicokinetic evaluation; A 29-year-old male attempted suicide with 3000 mg clozapine, 150 mg zopiclone, alprazolam and unknown quantities of alcohol. He was admitted in a deep hypotonic coma with respiratory depression, inhalation pneumonia and vascular collapse. Symptomatic treatment involved mechanical ventilation, vascular filling and antibiotics. The patients was discharged from the Intensive Care Unit 72 h after the suicide attempt with no sequelae. To detect and quantify clozapine in plasma, high-pressure liquid chromatography showed a 4 h absorption phase and a peak serum concentration of 5200 ng/ml. Three successive elimination t(1/2) values of 38, 24 and 13 h were calculated. ER  - 
Hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis effects on plasma homovanillic acid in man; Background: Effects of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis on central dopaminergic systems have been proposed to underlie the development of psychotic symptoms in depression. This study examined HPA axis hormone effects on plasma levels of homovanillic acid (HVA), the dopamine metabolite, in healthy volunteers, using a placebo-controlled, double-blind, random- assignment, crossover design. On the basis of preliminary studies, we hypothesized that HPA axis hormones would produce delayed effects on plasma HVA levels measured in the afternoon. Methods: Ten healthy subjects underwent a standard protocol on four occasions and each time received ovine corticotropin-releasing hormone, synthetic adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH), cortisol, or placebo. Plasma HVA was measured at 9 AM and 4 PM on Day 1, immediately prior to administration of the test substance at 7 PM, then at 30-60-min intervals until 11 PM. Plasma HVA levels were subsequently obtained at 9 AM and 4 PM on Days 2 and 3. Results: As predicted, there were significant differences between test substances in delayed effects on afternoon HVA levels measured on Days 2 and 3, with cortisol and ACTH producing greater increases in HVA than placebo. Acute effects of HPA axis hormones on HVA were not found, while differences between test substances in delayed effects on morning HVA levels approached significance. Conclusions: HPA axis hormones exert delayed effects on plasma HVA levels in healthy humans. ER  - 
Toxicosis in cattle from concurrent feeding of monensin and dried distiller's grains contaminated with macrolide antibiotics.; Consumption of monensin-containing feed contaminated with macrolide antibiotic residues resulted in the death of cattle from multiple feedlots in south-central Kansas. Cattle were fed milo dried distiller's grains (DDG) with solubles from a common source in conjunction with the ionophore antibiotic, monensin. Deaths occurred as early as 72-96 hours after feeding and were preceded by either no premonitory signs or 1 or more of the following: anorexia, depression, dyspnea, locomotor deficits, and recumbency. Significant gross lesions were pulmonary and mesenteric edema, hepatomegaly, and generalized myocardial and skeletal muscle pallor that was confirmed histologically as acute myodegeneration and necrosis. Other significant histologic lesions included centrolobular hepatocellular necrosis, congestion, and pulmonary interstitial and alveolar edema with fibrin exudation. Animals that survived beyond 6 weeks had poor weight gain and coalescing foci of myocardial fibrosis with residual myocardial degeneration. Analysis of trace mineral supplements for monensin were within the manufacturer's label range. The DDG samples from affected feedlots had 50-1,500 ppm of erythromycin, clarithromycin, and related macrolide antibiotic analogues, which originated in the alcohol residue. In a preliminary feeding trial, cattle fed this contaminated DDG in combination with monensin had clinical signs and died with gross and histologic findings comparable to those of the field cases. Even though rations supplemented with the contaminated DDG contained approved levels of monensin, the clinical and postmortem findings were consistent with those expected for monensin toxicosis. The presence of macrolide antibiotic residues in the contaminated feed appeared to affect the biotransformation of otherwise nontoxic levels of monensin, leading to clinical ionophore toxicosis. ER  - 
Influence of acute tryptophan depletion on mood and immune measures in healthy males; Depressive illness has been associated with variations of several aspects of immune functioning, as well as alterations of cytokine production in stimulated lymphocytes. In the present investigation we sought to determine whether pharmacologically-induced reductions of mood in healthy, male subjects would be associated with alterations in the levels of circulating IL-1β or IL-6 or to in vitro lymphocyte proliferation in response to T cell mitogens, PHA and Con A. Lowering tryptophan levels by means of a tryptophan-deficient amino acid mixture, which reduced plasma tryptophan and serotonin (5-HT) levels, produced a lowering of mood in a subset of male subjects (that had no personal or family history of depression) relative to subjects that received a balanced amino acid mixture. Correlational analyses revealed that the change of mood (particularly depression and anger) in subjects that received the tryptophan-free mixture was related to the extent of the tryptophan or 5-HT reductions. However, while fenfluramine administration resulted in recovery of tryptophan and 5- HT levels, this was not accompanied by recovery of mood. Furthermore, it was observed that the lowering of tryptophan levels and the reduced mood were not accompanied by variations of the cytokine levels or cell proliferation. Evidently, transient and modest alterations of 5-HT or mood induced by a tryptophan-free amino acid mixture were insufficient to promote variations of immune activity or circulating IL-1β or IL-6 levels. Even if depression were related to immune disturbances, the mood and 5-HT alterations associated with this type of manipulation may be too brief to promote immune changes comparable with those ordinarily associated with severe or chronic depressive illness. ER  - 
Therapy-resistant unilateral chronic blepharokeratoconjunctivitis as the main finding in autoaggression syndrome. Clinicohistopathological findings; Autoaggressive syndromes as causes of diseases underlying chronic blepharitis and keratoconjunctivitis that are refractory to treatment are often difficult to recognize. Patients: Three female patients (age 21, 25, 41 years) and one male patient (age 42 years) had suffered from a right-(4 x) or left-(1 x) handed treatment-refractory blepharokeratoconjunctivitis for 1, 2,11 and 30 months prior to admission. In each case more than 5 ophthalmologists and 2-6 eye hospitals had been consulted, and extraocular surgery had been performed 1-4 times. Results: Patients presented with a visual acuity of 0.3 p (1 x), 0.1 (1 x), FC (1 x), HM (1 x). In three patients contact eczema of the facial skin and lids and a corneal pannus were observed; in two patients we saw purulent pseudomembranous and in two patients chronic cicatrizing keratoconjunctivitis. Conjunctival smears grew P. aeruginosa, and S. aureus; impression cytology showed infiltration with neutrophils and epithelial keratinization; histopathology indicated chronic inflammatory, partly purulent sub-epithelial and stromal conjunctival infiltrate with hyper- and parakeratosis fibrous strands and epithelial cell loss; the lower lids showed parakeratosis, focal necrosis, intercellular edema and a lymphohistiocytic round-cell infiltrate. Furthermore, multiple allergies to antibiotics and preservatives (4 x), lacerations of the arms and legs (2 x) and an irritative-toxic dermatitis (1 x) were substantiated. In the patients who agreed to a psychiatric consultation, somatized-agitated longing for care combined with a dependent and infantile personality (1 x) and reactive depression (2 x) were verified. Conclusions: In patients suffering from treatment-refractory unilateral chronic blepharokeratoconjunctivitis correlated with the hand, one must take into consideration the fact that other factors may be involved: possible exacerbation prior to examinations; multiple inpatient diagnostic and surgical procedures in different locations; histopathological mixed inflammatory patterns; and psychiatric syndromes. ER  - 
Regulation of liver cysteine proteinases during macrophagal stimulation and depression; The lysosomal pathway of intracellular protein degradation involves the cooperative action of proteinases, among which cysteine proteinases cathepsin B and cathepsin L are particularly important. The hypothesis that the abnormal ratio of proteinases/proteinase inhibitors (i.e. higher activities of proteinases and lower activities of their inhibitors) results in uncontrolled proteolysis and cellular dysfunctions has been experimentally tested. Cathepsin B was used as a marker of macrophagal lysosomes and cathepsin L was employed as a marker of hepatocytic lysosomes. Zymosan stimulation of macrophages was shown to induce increased secretion of macrophagal lysosomal enzymes into blood during early zymosan administration, followed by higher rates of phagocytosis and labilization of lysosomes both of macrophages and hepatocytes labilization. Macrophagal depression induced by gadolinium chloride in rats was also accompanied by increased secretion of acid hydrolases into blood and labilization of macrophageal lysosomes, which reflects the lysosomotropic properties of the agent. Gadolinium chloride prevented zymosan stimulation of macrophages in the liver, but not in the spleen and lung. A new approach is proposed to evaluate the functional activity of hepatocytic lysosomes by the marker lysosomal enzymes of macrophages (cathepsin B) and hepatocytes (cathepsin L). Possible modes of regulation of endogenous proteinases are considered with special emphasis on the protective function of endogenous proteinase inhibitors secreted by macrophages simultaneously with cathepsin B and other cysteine proteinases. ER  - 
Protein kinase C-mediated regulation of inducible nitric oxide synthase expression in cultured microglial cells; Nitric oxide (NO) has been implicated in a number of important brain functions, such as long-term potentiation (LTP) and long-term depression (LTD), and in events associated with neurodegeneration and neuroprotection. In response to brain injury or disease NO production is increased by an inducible enzyme (iNOS), which is only expressed under these conditions. Activated microglia are a major cellular source of iNOS in brain. Due to the important role of iNOS in brain injury and disease, a detailed understanding of intracellular events triggering the expression of iNOS in microglia would facilitate pharmacotherapeutic approaches. It is shown here, that iNOS mRNA, protein and NO product are induced in culture microglia by lipopolysaccharide (LPS). This induction is reduced by a number of substances elevating intracellular cyclic AMP levels. It is unabated, however, in the presence of substances inhibiting cyclooxygenase-1 and/or cyclooxygenase-2 (e.g., acetyl salicylic acid, SC 58125, L 745337), but is decreased by approx. 50% with PDTC, a scavenger of reactive oxygen intermediates (ROI) that inhibits nuclear factor κB (NF-κB) activation. Furthermore, inhibitors of protein kinase C (PKC) strongly inhibit iNOS mRNA and protein induction. PKC, therefore, constitutes a major second messenger component (besides NF-κB) in the signaling pathway regulating iNOS expression in microglia. ER  - 
Management of hemoptysis in invasive pulmonary aspergillosis; Invasive pulmonary aspergillosis is an opportunistic infection occurring in a background of severe immune depression. The majority of cases occur in patients who have malignant hemotologic disease, particularly during chemotherapy induction or consolidations phases for acute non-lymphocytic leukemia. The principal risk factors are profound (PN < 500 per mm3) and prolonged (very high risk beyond 20 days) neutropenia, perturbed phagocyte function and cellular immune deficiency (AIDS, immunosuppressive treatment in organ and bone marrow recipients). Clinically, invasive pulmonary aspergillosis presents as acute non-specific pneumonia with cough, chest pain and fever. The severe infection rapidly becomes life-threatening. The development of massive hemoptysis is a major risk. We report four cases of invasive pulmonary aspergillosis in patients who had hemoptysis. All four patients developed non-specific pneumonia resistant to broad-spectrum antibiotics during post-chemotherapy aplasia. Computed tomography of the thorax and bronchoscopy with bronchoalveolar lavage was performed due to the occurrence of hemoptysis. In the first two cases, the patients were recovering from aplasia. The thoracic CT scan showed evidence of a cavitating mass with peripheral vessels. Bronchoscopy findings suggested mucosal lesions. The patients were managed surgically. Pathology confirmed the diagnosis of invasive pulmonary aspergillosis with the presence of ischemic necrosis of the pulmonary parenchyma harboring numerous aspergillus filaments. Outcome was favorable and chemotherapy was re-initiated in one case. These two patient died from their hematological disease a few months later. The other two patients remained in aplasia. ACT of the thorax showed multifocal infiltration with vascular contact. Bronchoscopy was again suggestive. One patient developed massive hemoptysis with respiratory distress. Embolization was performed but the patient died two days after onset of hemoptysis. In the last case, embolization was successful and outcome was favorable enabling a bone marrow allograft; the patient died a few months later from the hematological disease. The potential gravity of hemoptysis in the course of invasive pulmonary aspergillosis should lead to early treatment with emergency CT scan and, if possible, bronchoscopy with bronchoalveolar lavage to establish the therapeutic strategy based on surgical excision or embolization of the pulmonary or bronchial arteries. ER  - 
Phytopharmacology as an alternative treatment in psychiatry; Phytomedicines for the treatment of different diseases have been used since a long time ago, but the discovery of synthetic drogs, like sulphas, peniciline and others antibiotics, disminshed the popularity of traditional medicine. In this work we explain why the interest on medical plant extracts surged again. We describe the pharmacodynamic and the pharmacokinetic aspects of three phytomedicines: Hypericum perforatum (Saint John's flower) for depression, Piper-methysticum (Kava-kava) for anxiety and Ginkgo biloba, for dementia. ER  - 
Properties of bipolar VIPergic interneurons and their excitation by pyramidal neurons in the rat neocortex; In the rat neocortex, a subset of GABAergic interneurons express the neuropeptide vasoactive intestinal peptide (VIP). Previously, we demonstrated that a population of VIPergic interneurons could be accurately identified by their irregular spiking (IS) pattern and their bipolar morphology. IS interneurons were studied in neocortical slices from 16-22-day-old rats using whole-cell recordings, intracellular labelling and single-cell RT-PCR. In response to a depolarizing pulse, IS interneurons typically discharged a burst of action potentials followed by spikes emitted at an irregular frequency. Several seconds of depolarization, micromolar concentrations of 4-aminopyridine, and nanomolar concentrations of either dendrotoxin I or K converted this irregular pattern to a sustained discharge, suggesting the involvement of an I(D)-like K+ current. The main glutamate receptor subunits detected in IS cells were GluR1 flop and GluR2 flop, GluR5 and GluR6, and NR2B and NR2D for the α-amino-3-hydroxyl-5-methyl-4-isoxazolepropionic acid (AMPA), kainate and N-methyl-D-aspartic acid (NMDA) subtypes, respectively. Paired whole-cell patch-clamp recordings indicated that pyramidal neurons provide intracortical glutamatergic inputs onto IS interneurons. Most connections had high probabilities of response and exhibited frequency-dependent paired pulse depression. Comparison of the amplitude distribution of paired responses suggested that most of these connections consisted of multiple functional release sites. Finally, two discrete subpopulations of IS cells could be identified based on the duration of the initial burst of action potentials and the differential expression of calretinin and choline acetyltransferase. ER  - 
Attenuated neurotransmitter release and spreading depression-like depolarizations after focal ischemia in mutant mice with disrupted type I nitric oxide synthase gene; Nitric oxide (NO) plays a complex role in the pathophysiology of cerebral ischemia. In this study, mutant mice with disrupted type I (neuronal) NO synthase (nNOS) were compared with wild-type littermates after permanent focal ischemia. Cerebral blood flow in the central and peripheral zones of the ischemic distribution were measured with laser doppler flowmetry. Simultaneously, microdialysis electrodes were used to measure extracellular amino acid concentrations and DC potential in these same locations. Blood flow was reduced to <25 and 60% of baseline levels in the central and peripheral zones, respectively; there were no differences in nNOS mutants versus wild-type mice. Within the central ischemic zone, DC potentials rapidly shifted to -20 mV in all mice, in the ischemic periphery, spreading depression (SD)-like waves of depolarization were observed. SD- like events were significantly fewer in the nNOS mutant mice. Concurrent with these hemodynamic and electrophysiological perturbations, extracellular elevations in amino acids occurred after ischemia. There were no detectable differences between wild-type and mutant mice in the ischemic periphery. However, in the central zone of ischemia, elevations in glutamate and GABA were significantly lower in the nNOS mutants. Twenty-four hour infarct volumes in the nNOS mutant mice were significantly smaller than in their wild-type littermates. Overall, the number of SD-like depolarizations and the integrated efflux of glutamate were significantly correlated with infarct size. These results suggest that NO derived from the nNOS isoform contributes to tissue damage after focal ischemia by amplifying excitotoxic amino acid release in the core and deleterious waves of SD-like depolarizations in the periphery. ER  - 
Sedation and analgesia in intensive therapy; INTRODUCTION: In the operating room, anaesthetist must provide unconsciousness, analgesia and muscular relaxation. In intensive therapy (IT), the rules are different and not every patient requires sedation, but almost every patient needs analgesia. The patient who is alert, calm and comfortable despite the presence of tubes and cannulas in the nose, mouth, radial artery, central vein, urethra, surgical wounds, pleural space etc. does not need any sedation. However, sedation and analgesia are clinically inseparable. If mechanical ventilation is not well controlled, muscular relaxants must be prescribed. There are a lot of trials in formulating an ideal sedative/analgesic regimen for each individual patient. THE RISKS OF SEDATION AND ANALGESICS: It is not rare that IT patients are oversedated or undersedated. Undersedation is followed by anxiety, pain, hypertension, tachycardia. The most important effect of oversedation is respiratory depression, hypotension, bradycardia, CNS depression, renal dysfunction, immunological depression. SEDATIVES AND HYPNOTICS: Benzodiazepines are among the most widely used drugs in IT. They have sedative, hypnotic, anxyolytic, amnestic, anticonvulsant and myorelaxant effects. Prolonged continuous infusion of benzodiazepines ought to be escaped because of prolonged sedation, accumulation and presence of pharmacologically active metabolites. They have proved to be safe, although they can depress ventilation. Since benzodiazepines are not analgesics, the combined use of an opioid and benzodiazepines is necessary. Many different benzodiazepines are available, but the agents most commonly used in critically ill are: midazolam, diazepam and lorazepam. Midazolam is the most extensively used. PSYCHOTROPIC DRUGS: The most frequently used drugs in the group of the butyrophenones are droperidol and haloperidol. Although these drugs are chemically unrelated to the phenothiazines they have similar actions. ANALGESICS: Opioids have the main place in management of analgesia in IT, especially in patients on mechanical ventilation. In management of postoperative analgesia, epidural route has advantage because less drug is necessary and cardiovascular and respiratory effects are minimal. Morphine is a standard opioid to which all others are compared. Intravenous bolus dose is 1-5 mg (0.1-0.15 mg/kg) or continuous infusion 2-15 mg/h. Hypotensive effect is caused by direct vasodilation and relief of histamine. Morphine has long elimination half-time and there is a danger of acummulation after prolonged administration. Morphine metabolites are pharmacologically active and renally eliminated. Prolonged i.v. infusion needs careful titration because of tolerance. Pethidine is less potent than morphine, usually given as a bolus dose (10 mg) or a continuous i.v. infusion (10-20 mg/h). Other opioid agents used in IT are: fentanil, alfentanil, sufentanil. Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAID-s) are: aspirin, ibuprofen, ketoprofen, diclofenac, ketorolac. NSAID-s may have an opioid sparing effect and be of particular benefit for the relief of pain from bones and joints. They interfere with the metabolism at the site of the sensory nerve terminals. Several chemicals are released locally in response to tissue injury. Arachidonic acid is produced from damaged cell membranes. One series reactions is mediated by the enzyme cyclo-oxygenase (COX) and results in the formation of prostaglandins, prostacyclins and thromboxane. The cyclo-oxygenase pathway is inhibited by NSAID-s. These analgesics, besides peripherally, also work centrally by mechanisms which are not in connection with COX inhibition. INTRAVENOUS AND INHALED ANAESTHETIC AGENTS: There are two barbiturates in use: thiopentone and pentobarbital. Although the main effect is hypnosis, the most important is anticonvulsant effect. Thiopentone is an agent for cerebral protection. Barbiturates have not achieved popularity in IT because of prolonged elimination and slow recov ER  - 
Myocardial dysfunction in sepsis: Clinical and experimental investigations; Objective: To review the clinical manifestations and mechanisms of cardiac dysfunction in septic shock. Methods: Literature review of selected clinical studies and animal models. Results: Depressed myocardial contractile function is a common consequence of severe infections. Bacterial factors, in conjunction with host inflammatory mediators, produce a profile of reversible cardiac dysfunction manifested by a decrease in ventricular ejection fraction, ventricular dilatation, and increased cardiac output. Global ischemia is not the major mechanism that mediates cardiac dysfunction during sepsis. Inflammatory mediators contribute to myocardial dysfunction by damaging the coronary microcirculation and contributing to myocardial edema and cardiocyte damage. However, trials of anti-inflammatory agents have not prevented or increased the rate of reversal of septic shock or improved survival. The link between nitric oxide and clinical myocardial depression remains unclear, as nonselective nitric oxide synthase inhibition does not block the development of ventricular dysfunction. Conclusions: Serious bacterial infections result in inflammatory injury to the heart manifested by a common profile of cardiac dysfunction. Therapy remains limited to treatment of the infection with antibiotics and supportive care, with fluid resuscitation and selective use of inotropes and vasopressors. Experimental models suggest that new anti-inflammatory strategies (e.g. tyrosine kinase inhibitors) may offer some advantages over those that target a single mediator; these agents remain to be clinically evaluated. ER  - 
Docosahexaenoic acid does not affect aggression of normal volunteers under nonstressful conditions. A randomized, placebo-controlled, double- blind study; We previously found that docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) intake prevents aggression enhancement at times of mental stress. In the present study we investigated changes in aggression under nonstressful conditions. Forty-six students of two universities took either DHA-rich fish oil capsules containing 1.5 g DHA (DHA group: 13 males and 9 females) or control oil capsules containing 97% soybean oil plus 3% of another fish oil (control group: 11 males and 13 females) for 3 mon in a double-blind fashion. At the start and end of the study they took an aggression-estimating test (P-F Study) without a stressor component. DHA (5.9 to 8.5%, P < 0.001) and eicosapentaenoic acid (0.7 to 1.5%, P < 0.001) increased in red blood cell phospholipids in the DHA group, while linoleic acid increased slightly (8.3 to 9.1%, P< 0.002) in the soybean oil control group. In the control group, measured aggression levels decreased from 34.8 to 29.4% (P < 0.005), whereas they remained stable in the DHA group (33.5 to 33.8%). The intergroup differences (-5.4 vs. 0.3%) were marginally significant (P ≤ 0.05). Aggression levels were stable in the DHA group whether there was stressor (as previously shown) or not. This effect of DHA appears to be interesting, considering the reported association between a low intake of n-3 fatty acids and depression. ER  - 
Postoperative pain. Particularities in children less than 5 years old, neonatology excluded; For many years, postoperative pain has been undertreated in children less than 5 years old in comparison to adults. The assessment of pain is indeed difficult in this range of age, and only the scales of hetero- evaluation are used. The guidelines for treatment are similar as in adults: systematic administration, balanced analgesia, evaluation of pain and potential adverse effects. Non opioid analgesics used are mainly paracetamol, niflumic acid and ibuprofen. Morphine remains the drug of choice among opioids; however the risk of respiratory depression in higher in infants less than 3 months old. Nalbuphine is also widely used in paediatrics. In addition, regional anaesthesia, either in single shot for minor surgery, or in continuous administration through epidural catheter for major surgery, has changed the management of postoperative pain in paediatrics. ER  - 
Hepatobiliary effects of tertiary-butylhydroperoxide (tBOOH) in isolated rat hepatocyte couplets; The organic hydroperoxide, tertiary-butylhydroperoxide (tBOOH), causes oxidative damage in a number of cell types. It is used here in an isolated rat hepatocyte couplet preparation to study adverse hepatobiliary effects of peroxidative damage in vitro. At subcytotoxic concentrations (as determined by lactate dehydrogenase release and maintenance of cytoplasmic ATP concentrations) tBOOH caused decreased accumulation of a fluorescent bile acid analogue, cholyl-lysyl-fluorescein (CLF), in the canalicular vacuole of couplets (a hepatobiliary effect; cholestasis). This was dose dependent in the range 100-200 μM. At the same concentrations it brought about release of preaccumulated CLF, suggesting that its effect was more likely to be on sealing properties of the vacuole than processes of uptake, transcytosis, and secretion. Pretreatment of tBOOH-treated couplets with the antioxidants deferoxamine mesylate (iron chelator) and dimethyl sulfoxide (free radical scavenger) resulted in the prevention of both canalicular vacuolar accumulation (cVA, which assesses canalicular function) and canalicular vacuolar retention (cVR, which assesses the retaining ability of couplets) depression at 100 μm tBOOH but not at higher concentrations. This indicates that the cholestatic effect of tBOOH has a preventable and nonpreventable phase and that free radicals are involved in these processes. By selectively generating the two types of tBOOH radical, peroxyl (tBOO·) and alkoxyl (tBO·), using suitable catalysts, we were able to determine that the peroxyl radical was most probably involved in tBOOH-induced cholestasis. This was further supported by experiments employing specific peroxyl and alkoxyl radical scavengers; only the peroxyl scavenger reduced the effect of tBOOH upon canalicular function under the conditions studied. ER  - 
Therapeutic splenectomy and subsequent infection; In 102 patients who had undergone splenectomy for various hematological disorders front 1982 to 1995 at Sher-i-Kashmir Institute of Medical Sciences, Srinagar, an assessment for morbidity and mortality was made. It was found that the overall morbidity encountered was 18.62%, highest for lymphoma patients i.e. 37.5% while as overall mortality was 6.86%; highest for idiopathic hypersplenism patients (20%). This study included all age groups and an effort was made to come to a conclusion about subsequent infection following splenectomy in a broader perspective. The results indicate that complication rate is very less in carefully selected patients, patients <50 years of age but greater than 17 years, patients with shorter duration of illness, patients with mild to moderate depression in preoperative hematological parameters, patients without any concomitant disease and patients without any severe immunological depression. Besides, good pre- operative build up by blood and blood products supportive measures during surgery, excellent post-operative management by supportive measures and antibiotics also form the pre-requisite for splenectomy to decrease the morbidity and mortality. The study indicates that therapeutic splenectomy still continues to be the mainstay of management for various hematological disorders in order to offer the patients a qualitative life inspite of the risks of infection involved. ER  - 
Effects of tryptophan depletion vs catecholamine depletion in patients with seasonal affective disorder in remission with light therapy; Background: Although hypotheses about the therapeutic mechanism of action of light therapy have focused on serotonergic mechanisms, the potential role, if any, of catecholaminergic pathways has not been fully explored. Methods: Sixteen patients with seasonal affective disorder who had responded to a standard regimen of daily 10000-lux light therapy were enrolled in a doubleblind, placebo-controlled, randomized crossover study. We compared the effects of tryptophan depletion with catecholamine depletion and sham depletion. Ingestion of a tryptophan-free amino acid beverage plus amino acid capsules was used to deplete tryptophan. Administration of the tyrosine hydroxylase inhibitor α-methyl-paratyrosine was used to deplete catecholamines. Diphenhydramine hydrochloride was used as an active placebo during sham depletion. The effects of these interventions were evaluated with measures of depression, plasma tryptophan levels, and plasma catecholamine metabolites. Results: Tryptophan depletion significantly decreased plasma total and free tryptophan levels. Catecholamine depletion significantly decreased plasma 3-methoxy-4- hydroxyphenylethyleneglycol and homovanillic acid levels. Both tryptophan depletion and catecholamine depletion, compared with sham depletion, induced a robust increase (P<.001, repeated-measures analysis of variance) in depressive symptoms as measured with the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale, Seasonal Affective Disorder Version. Conclusions: The beneficial effects of light therapy in the treatment of seasonal affective disorder are reversed by both tryptophan depletion and catecholamine depletion. These findings confirm previous work showing that serotonin plays an important role in the mechanism of action of light therapy and provide new evidence that brain catecholaminergic systems may also be involved. ER  - 
Bidirectional modulation of AMPA receptor properties by exogenous phospholipase A2 in the hippocampus; The synaptic modifications underlying long-term potentiation (LTP) and long-term depression (LTD) of synaptic transmission in various brain structures may result from changes in the properties of the α-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazole propionate (AMPA) subtype of glutamate receptors. In the present study, we report that treatment of rat synaptoneurosomes with increasing concentrations of phospholipase A2 (PLA2) produces a biphasic effect on AMPA receptor binding, with low concentrations causing a decrease and high concentrations an increase in agonist binding. Analysis of the saturation kinetics of 3H-AMPA binding revealed that the biphasic effect of PLA2 was due to modifications in receptor affinity and not to changes in the maximum number of binding sites for AMPA receptors. The 12-lipoxygenase inhibitors preferentially reduced PLA2-induced decrease in AMPA binding and treatment of hippocampal synaptoneurosomes with arachidonic acid (AA) or 12-HPETE, the first metabolite generated from the hydrolysis of AA by 12-lipoxygenases, decreased 3H-AMPA binding. Moreover, electrophysiological experiments indicated that the 12-lipoxygenase inhibitor baicalein totally blocked LTD formation in area CA1 of hippocampal slices. The decrease in 3H-AMPA binding elicited by low concentrations of PLA2, as well as the level of LTD, were partially reduced by AA-861, a 5-lipoxygenase inhibitor, while the cyclooxygenase inhibitor indomethacin did not prevent LTD formation or the effects of PLA2 on 3H-AMPA binding. Our results provide evidence for a possible involvement of lipoxygenase metabolites in the regulation of AMPA receptor during synaptic depression. In addition, they strongly support the idea that the same biochemical pathway, i.e., NMDA receptor activation and endogenous PLA2 stimulation, may represent a common mechanism resulting in AMPA receptor alterations for both LTP and LTD formation. ER  - 
Use of metronidazole in equine acute idiopathic toxaemic colitis; Sixteen cases of acute idiopathic toxaemic colitis developed in a veterinary hospital over a period of three years. Before the onset of colitis, 15 horses had received antibiotics, 11 had undergone general anaesthesia and various surgical procedures, and 10 had been treated with non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs. The horses had acute onset, profuse watery diarrhoea, profound depression, mild to moderate abdominal pain, reduced intestinal borborygmi, tachycardia, dehydration and endotoxic shock. Leucopenia, neutropenia and pyrexia were common early indicators of impending colitis. Metronidazole appeared to be an effective treatment; eight horses treated with metronidazole survived whereas five of seven horses that received other treatments, but no metronidazole, died or had to be euthanased. The aetiology of the colitis could not be determined, but the clinicopathological features resembled those of colitis attributed to an intestinal overgrowth of Clostridium perfringens type A. No Salmonella species were isolated from 52 samples of faeces, colonic contents and colonic mucosa which were collected from the horses antemortem and postmortem. ER  - 
Hepatotoxicity and secondary photosensitization in a red kangaroo (Megaleia rufus) due to ingestion of Lantana camara.; Three red kangaroos (Megaleira rufus), an adult male, an adult female, and a yearling, were exposed in bedding and food to coastal bermuda hay that contained the toxic plant Lantana camara. The adult male exhibited signs of anorexia, depression, lethargy, and jaundice. The adult female was presented dead. After 1 wk, following exposure to sunlight, the adult male and a yearling joey developed exudative dermatitis of the ear margins, eyelids, muzzle, and scrotum and opacity of the corneas. The adult male had a leucocytosis, anemia, bilirubinemia, bilirubinuria, hyperproteinemia, and elevated alanine aminotransferase, gamma glutamyl transpeptidase, alkaline phosphatase, and bile acid serum levels. Postmortem examination of the adult male revealed jaundice, and the liver was swollen, mottled, and pale yellow to reddish yellow. The gall bladder was markedly distended. Histopathologically, there was hepatocellular enlargement with vesiculation of the nuclei and sporadic feathery degeneration of the cytoplasm. The yearling joey survived and was treated symptomatically with i.v. fluids and antibiotics. The history, clinical signs, diagnostic findings, necropsy findings, and exposure to the toxic plant Lantana camara support the diagnosis of secondary photosensitization and hepatoxicity. ER  - 
Serotonergic 'vulnerability' in affective disorder: A study of the tryptophan depletion test and relationships between peripheral and central serotonin indexes in citalopram-responders; A double-blind study of the tryptophan depletion (TD) challenge was performed on a sample consisting of 20 patients with a major depressive disorder in clinical remission after citalopram treatment. TD was induced by the intake of 43 g of an amino acid mixture containing the five large neutral amino acids. The control group received the same mixture, to which 2.3 g tryptophan had been added. Five of the 12 challenged patients showed a worsening of depressive symptoms during the day of the test. In contrast, there was no mood alteration in the eight control patients. Baseline cortisol levels were significantly higher in responders to TD compared to those in non-responders and controls, Platelet serotonin-receptor function and plasma prolactin levels were correlated. There was a significant positive correlation in the baseline data between rated mood state and plasma cortisol and a significant inverse correlation between related mood state and plasma tryptophan concentration. Thus low mood appeared to be associated with low serotonin precursor availability as well as with high cortisol levels. ER  - 
General pharmacological studies of osutidine (T-593), a novel antiulcer agent; General pharmacological properties of osutidine* ((±)-N-[(E)- [(p, β- dihydroxyphenethyl)amino][[2-[[5- [(methylamino)methyl]furfuryl]thio]ethyl]amino]methylene]methanesulfonamide, T-593), a novel antiulcer agent, were investigated using several animal species. T-593, at 1,000 mg/kg p.o., prolonged the pentobarbital-induced sleeping time in mice. It had no effects on general behavior, spontaneous motor activity, muscle tone, motor coordination, convulsions and acetic acid- induced writhing in mice, body temperature and spinal reflex in rats, and electroencephalogram in rabbits. T-593, at more than 10 mg/kg i.v., produced a transient decrease in blood pressure, increased the heart rate and respiratory rate in anesthetized dogs or rabbits. The depression of ST, reduced amplitude of QRS and extrasystole in ECG were also observed at 10 mg/kg or more. T-593, at 30 mg/kg i.v., inhibited the contraction of nictitating membrane induced by pre-ganglionic stimulation in cats, and at 10-4 g/ml, showed a slight inhibition of acetylcholine-induced contraction of isolated ileum and an enhancement of epinephrine-induced contraction of isolated vas deferens from guinea pigs. T-593, at more than 10 mg/kg i.v., inhibited a spontaneous motility of rabbit ileum in situ, and at 10-4 g/ml slightly inhibited the motility of isolated ileum from rabbits. It had no effects on intestinal propulsive motility in mice, and gastric output and bile secretion in rats. T-593, at 1,000 mg/kg p.o., decreased the urinary volume and electrolytes excretion (K+, Cl-), increased the PSP excretion in rats, and inhibited the collagen-induced platelet aggregation by 8% in rats. T-593, at 1,000 mg/kg p.o., showed a weak anti-inflammatory activity in rats. It had no effects on neuromuscular junction in rats, corneal reflex in rabbits and hepatic drug-metabolizing enzyme activity in mice. These results demonstrate that T-593 exerts general pharmacological effects only at high doses or high concentrations under the experimental conditions reported. ER  - 
In vitro effect of cefodizime, imipenem/cilastatin and co-trimoxazole on dexamethasone and cyclosporin a depressed phagocytosis; Phagocytosis is an important part of the host defense against infection. Antibiotics can influence phagocytic function. In the present study, leukocyte metabolic response to phagocytic challenge by latex was assessed in relation to in vitro addition of co-trimoxazole, imipenem/cilastatin, cefodizime, dexamethasone (DXM), and/or cyclosporin A (CsA). Using latex particles as phagocytic challenge, glucose-1-14C utilization and 14CO2 production were measured by liquid scintillation counting. The phagocytic response was impaired by in vitro addition of DXM or CsA and this setup was used as an experimental model of immunodepression. The addition of co-trimoxazole to control samples (without DXM or CsA) depressed the response to latex challenge, whereas imipenem and cefodizime had a neutral effect. In the presence of DXM, co-trimoxazole induced a further decrease. The depressive effect of DXM was partially neutralized in the presence of cefodizime. With CsA depression, co-trimoxazole also induced a further decrease, imipenem had a neutral effect, while cefodizime partially restored the CsA suppressed reaction. Co-trimoxazole depressed the phagocytic response, imipenem had a neutral effect, whereas cefodizime restored the experimentally induced immunosuppression. ER  - 
Use and abuse of over-the-counter analgesic agents; Pain and discomfort in everyday life are often treated with over-the- counter (OTC) analgesic medications. These drugs are remarkably safe, but serious side effects can occur. Up to 70% of the population in Western countries uses analgesics regularly, primarily for headaches, other specific pains and febrile illness. It is not known whether the patterns of use are consistent with good pain management practices. OTC analgesics are also widely used to treat dysphoric mood states and sleep disturbances, and high levels of OTC analgesic medication use are associated with psychiatric illness, particularly depressive symptoms, and the use of alcohol, nicotine and caffeine. More than 4 g per day of acetylsalicylic acid (ASA) or acetaminophen over long periods is considered abuse. People using excessive amounts of OTC analgesics may need more effective treatments for chronic pain, depression or dysthymia. The possibility that these drugs have subtle reinforcing properties needs to be investigated. Certainly phenacetin, which was taken off the market in the 1970s, had intoxicating effects. A better understanding of patterns of use is needed to determine the extent of problem use of OTC analgesics, and whether health could be improved by educating people about the appropriate use of these drugs. ER  - 
The exhausted horse syndrome.; Exhaustion occurs in most equestrian sports, but it is more frequent in events that require sustained endurance work such as endurance racing, three-day eventing, trial riding, and hunting. Exhaustion is also more likely when an unfit, unacclimatized, or unsound horse is exercised. Mechanisms that contribute to exhaustion include heat retention, fluid and electrolyte loss, acid-base imbalance, and intramuscular glycogen depletion. Clinical signs include elevated temperature, pulse, and respiratory rate; depression; anorexia; unwillingness to continue to exercise; dehydration; weakness; stiffness; hypovolemic shock; exertional myopathy; synchronous diaphragmatic flutter; atrial fibrillation; diarrhea; colic; and laminitis. Treatment includes stopping exercise; rapid cooling; rapid large volume intravenous or oral fluid administration; and nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug administration. ER  - 
The use of magnesium sulfate in the treatment of autonomic dysfunction in severe tetanus; Background: The high mortality rate in severe tetanus frequently is due to sympathetic overactivity. We present a case that demonstrates the usefulness of adjuvant magnesium. Case report: Two weeks after a superficial skin injury a 54-year old patient was admitted because of difficulties in chewing, swallowing, and speech. A few days later generalized muscle spasms occurred involving breathing muscles. He had not been immunized against tetanus by vaccination. Basic therapy included tetanusantitoxin, antibiotics, analgesia (sufentanil), sedation (midazolam) and relaxation (cisatracurium), and mechanical ventilation. There was pronounced autonomic nervous system instability. We used 10% magnesium sulfate to control sympathetic crisis, which resulted in normalization of blood pressure, slight depression of heart rate, and reduction of the muscle spasms. After ten weeks ICU treatment and eight weeks of rehabilitation the patient was in good clinical condition. Conclusion: This experience suggests that adjuvant magnesium is useful in the treatment of sympathetic overactivity and muscle spasms in severe tetanus. ER  - 
Role of the Ω-loop in the activity, substrate specificity, and structure of class A β-lactamase; The structure of class A β-lactamases contains an Ω-loop associated with the active site, which carries a key catalytic residue, Glu166. A 16- residue Ω-loop deletion mutant of β-lactamase from Staphylococcus aureus PC1, encompassing residues 163-178, was produced in order to examine the functional and structural role of the loop. The crystal structure was determined and refined at 2.3 Å, and the kinetics of the mutant enzyme was characterized with a variety of β-lactam antibiotics. In general, the wild- type β-lactamase hydrolyzes penicillin compounds better than cephalosporins. In contrast, the deletion of the Ω-loop led to a variant enzyme that acts only on cephalosporins, including third generation compounds. Kinetic measurements and electrospray mass spectrometry revealed that the first and third generation cephalosporins form stable acyl-enzyme complexes, except for the chromogenic cephalosporin, nitrocefin, which after acylating the enzyme undergoes hydrolysis at a 1000-fold slower rate than that with wild-type β- lactamase. Hydrolysis of the acyl-enzyme adducts is prevented because the deletion of the Ω-loop eliminates the deacylation apparatus comprising Glu166 and its associated nucleophilic water site. The crystal structure reveals that while the overall fold of the mutant enzyme is similar to that of the native β-lactamase, local adjustments in the vicinity of the missing loop occurred. The altered β-lactam specificity is attributed to these structural changes. In the native structure, the Ω-loop restricts the conformation of a β-strand at the edge of the active site depression. Removal of the loop provides the β-strand with a new degree of conformational flexibility, such that it is displaced inward toward the active site space. Modeled Michaelis complexes with benzylpenicillin and cephaloridine show that the perturbed conformation of the β-strand is inconsistent with penicillin binding because of steric clashes between the β-lactam side chain substituent and the β-strand. In contrast, no clashes occur upon cephalosporin binding. Recognition of third generation cephalosporins is possible because the bulky side chain substituents of the β-lactam ring typical of these compounds can be accommodated in the space freed by the deletion of the Ω-loop. ER  - 
Effects of hormones on sleep; Administration of hormones to humans and animals results in specific effects on the sleep electroencephalogram (EEG) and nocturnal hormone secretion. Studies with pulsatile administration of various neuropeptides in young and old normal controls and in patients with depression suggest they play a key role in sleep-endocrine regulation. Growth hormone (GH)-releasing hormone (GHRH) stimulates GH and slow wave sleep (SWS) and inhibits cortisol, whereas corticotropin-releasing hormone (CRH) exerts opposite effects. Changes in the GHRH:CRH ratio contribute to sleep-endocrine aberrations during normal ageing and acute depression. In addition, galanin and neuropeptide Y promote sleep, whereas, in the elderly, somatostatin impairs sleep. The rapid eye movement (REM)-nonREM cycle is modulated by vasoactive intestinal polypeptide. Cortisol stimulates SWS and GH, probably by feedback inhibition of CRH. Neuroactive steroids exert specific effects on the sleep EEG, which can be explained by γ-aminobutyric acid(A) receptor medulation. ER  - 
Stiff-man syndrome: Results of interviews and psychologic testing; Thirteen patients with stiff-man syndrome (SMS) were studied with the Minnesota Multiphasic Personality Inventory (MMPI), the Self-Administered Alcoholism Screening Test (SAAST), the State-Trait Anxiety Inventory (STAI) profiles, and by telephone interviews. The mean MMPI, SAAST, and STAI were within normal limits; however, several patients had abnormal profiles. The results of telephone interviews revealed that 8 patients (62%) had been given at least 1 psychiatric diagnosis and 4 (31%) abused alcohol or were dependent on it. Two patients had a psychiatric diagnosis that preceded the onset of symptoms of SMS. The authors hypothesize that SMS patients have a γ- aminobutyric acid deficiency or GABAergic neuron dysfunction that leads to psychiatric symptoms, including depression and chemical abuse. Clinicians treating patients with SMS must be alert to the possible presence of comorbid psychiatric illnesses in this patient population. ER  - 
Pharmacological studies on Newbouldia laevis stem bark; The methanotic extract of the stem bark of N. laevis was evaluated for anti-inflammatory antipyretic, analgesic, anticonvulsant activities, as well as for its effect on the phenobarbitone sleeping time, using various animal models. The extract (100-400 mg/kg) exhibited an inhibition of the carrageenan-induced oedema in the rat hind paw in a dose-related fashion. It also produced a reduction of yeast-induced pyrexia in mice and offered 100% protection against leptazol-induced seizures in mice at a dose of 400 mg/kg. Statistically significant analgesic activity was exhibited with 400 mg/kg of extract by inhibition of acetic acid-induced writhings in mice. There was a significant potentiation of the phenobarbitone sleeping time at all dose levels studied. Acute toxicity studies revealed CNS depression by a reduction in spontaneous locomotor activities in mice, but no lethality was recorded up to 4 g/kg of the extract. ER  - 
Bioactivity studies on the alkaloid extracts from seeds of leucaena leucocephala; The chloroform soluble (CS) and ethyl acetate (ES) soluble alkaloidal extracts from the seeds of Leucaena leucocephala Lam. (de Witt) were tested for their analgesic, anthelminthic, mutagenic, antimutagenic and pharmacological activities. The CS alkaloidal extract is analgesic at a dose of 5 mg/20 g mouse as it showed a comparable result to mefenamic acid using the acetic acid-induced writhing method. An in vitro test for anthelminthic activity using Ascaris suum showed that the CS alkaloidal extract gave a comparable result to mebendazole (Antiox) at a concentration of 5 mg/mL. Results of the micronucleus test, an in vivo method, showed that both the CS and ES alkaloidal extracts were not mutagenic but instead exhibited antimutagenic activities at 0.5 mg/20 g mouse. The CS- and ES-soluble alkaloidal extracts reduced the number of micronucleated polychromatic erythrocytes induced by tetracycline, a known mutagen, by 67.0% and 71.2%, respectively. Preliminary pharmacological screening showed that both extracts caused a relative depression in the central nervous system as evidenced by a decrease in respiratory rate and depth and a decrease in motor activity. ER  - 
Antibiotics: Neuropsychiatric effects and psychotropic interactions; Antibiotics are the second most commonly prescribed class of medication in the United States. An awareness and understanding of their potential effects on the central nervous system and their interactions with psychotropic agents is important in the evaluation of neuropsychiatric signs and symptoms in patients. Since the introduction of antibiotic agents in the 1930s, numerous (primarily anecdotal) reports have appeared describing psychiatric side effects ranging from anxiety and panic to major depression, psychosis, and delirium in patients with and without a premorbid psychiatric history. Risk factors have included prior psychopathology, coexisting medical conditions, slow acetylator status, advanced age, concomitant medications, and increased permeability of the blood-brain barrier, as well as high antibiotic dosage and intrathecal or intravenous administration. Psychiatric toxicity may result from various mechanisms of action, including antagonism of γ-aminobutyric acid or pyridoxine, adverse interactions with alcohol, or inhibition of protein synthesis. Adverse pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic interactions between antibiotics and concomitant medications including lithium, benzodiazepines, carbamazepine, valproate, neuroleptics, antidepressants, methadone, and disulfiram have also been reported. Because such effects are often not recognized by clinicians, accurate epidemiologic data on their incidence are not available. ER  - 
General pharmacological study of ebselen; General pharmacological profile of ebselen, a glutathion peroxidase mimic was assessed and the following results were obtained. Ebselen 1 ~100 mg/kg, p.o., showed no effects on most of the tests carried out using mice and rats. However, at 1000 mg/kg, p.o., the compound inhibited spontaneous activity in mice, and reduced rotating wheel activity in rats. Electroshock induced seizure in mice was also inhibited by 1000 mg/kg, p.o., of ebselen, whereas pentetrazol induced seizure was not affected. Single oral closing of ebselen at 1000 mg/kg and 7 day repeated dosing at 100 mg/kg prolonged sleeping time in mice. The former effect became vague when ebselen administered repeatedly for 7 days. By orally administered ebselen at 10- 1000 mg/kg the pain responses of mice tested by hot plate method tended to be inhibited, and by 1000 mg/kg acetic acid induced writhing hi mice also tended to be inhibited. Intravenously administered ebselen up to 10 mg/kg showed no marked effects on EEG, spinal reflex, neuromuscular junction and skeletal muscle, and contraction of the nictating membrane in cats, and on rectal temperature in rabbits. However, at 30 mg/kg ebselen produced marked changes in these parameters possibly by severe changes in the cardiovascular parameters ill these species. The severe changes in systemic condition led to malfunction of general state and marked influence was observed in these parameters. In anesthetized dogs ebselen caused hypotension at 10 mg/kg, i.v., or more, and cardiac depression was observed after injection of 30 mg/kg. Norepinephrine and acetylcholine induced changes in blood pressure were not affected by ebselen. Although in isolated guinea pig atrium preparation norepinephline-induced positive inotropism was inhibited at 10-6M or more, no concentration-dependency was observed. The contractile responses of isolated guinea pig tracheal preparations to neither acetylcholine nor histamine changed markedly or concentration dependently by ebselen. The digestive organs tended to be susceptible to ebselen. Charcoal transport through digestive tract in mice, gastric juice secretion and exhaustion of gastric content in rats were inhibited at 1000 mg/kg, 100-1000 mg/kg and 30-1000 mg/kg of ebselen, respectively. At high concentrations(10-5, 10-4M) ebselen also inhibited contractile response of isolated guinea pig ileum to acetylcholine and histamine. In contrast, in anesthetized dogs ebselen facilitated motility of stomach and ileum. Ebselen did not markedly affect rat renal function, but at 1000 mg/kg an increase in sodium reabsorption rate and decrease in electrolyte clearance were observed. Ebselen had almost no effects on isolated uterus of rat and vas deferens in guinea-pig up to 10-5M, though at 10-4M changes in the responses were observed. Ebselen at 300 and 1000 mg/kg, p.o., inhibited carrageenin induced hind paw edema in rats. Taken together, ebselen showed weak inhibitory effect on the CNS, mild anti inflammatory effect, inhibition of electrolyte excretion and changed motility in the digestive organs. Most of these findings were nonspecific effects produced by excessive dosage of ebselen and could not be related to its pharmacological actions. ER  - 
Influence of phospholipid long chain polyunsaturated fatty acid composition on neonatal rat cardiomyocyte function in physiological conditions and during glucose-free hypoxia-reoxygenation; There is evidence that dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) may protect against cardiovascular diseases, but the involvement of the cardiac muscle cell in this beneficial action remain largely unknown. The present study compared the respective influence of n-3 and n-6 PUFA on the function of cultured neonatal rat cardiomyocytes (CM). Cells were grown for 4 days in media enriched either n-3 (eicosapentaenoic acid, EPA and docosahexaenoic acid, DHA) or n-6 (arachidonic acid, AA) PUFA. The PUFA n-6/n-3 ratio in the phospholipids was close to 1 and 20 in the n-3 and n-6 cells, respectively. ?he transmembrane potentials were recorded using microelectrodes anti the contractions were monitored with photoelectric device. In physiological conditions, the increase of n-6 PUFA level in the phospholipids resulted in a significant decrease in the maximal rate of initial depolarization (-16%). In opposition, the action potential amplitude and duration were not altered, and the cell contraction outline was not affected. Ischemia was simalated in vitro using a substrate-free, hypoxia-reoxygenation procedure in a specially designed gas-flow chamber. The progressive loss of electrical activity induced by the substrate-free, hypoxic treatment was affected by the n-6/n-3 ratio, since the n-6 rich CM displayed a slower depression of the AP amplitude and duration parameters. Conversely, the recovery of the resting potential (MDP) during reoxygenation was faster in n-3 CM, whereas the recovery of the contraction parameters was unaffected by the fatty acid composition of the cells. These results suggested that, in physiological conditions, the modification of long chain PUFA balance in the phospholipids of cardiac muscle cells may modulate the initial AP upstroke, which is governed by sodium channels. Moreover, the presence of n-3 PUFA appeared to accelerate the electrical depression during substrate-free hypoxia but in turn to allow a faster recovery upon reoxygenation. ER  - 
Function in neurotoxicity: Index of effect and also determinant of vulnerability; 1. In neurotoxicity, functional indices may be the only available measures of effect, as many potent neurotoxic agents produce no morphological change. Examples of these are strychnine, dieldrin and pyrethroids, which produce excitation but no pathology, and barbiturates, xylene and lithium, which produce depression but no pathology. 2. In other cases where both functional and morphological effects are seen, functional measures often produce the most convenient, if not always the most specific, indices of toxicity. Appropriate functional measures can be highly sensitive, both in humans and in experimental animals, and can also give vital mechanistic information. However, it is essential that functional measures are reproducible and interpretable (some behavioural measures are not) and also provide a reasonably exacting test of function (passive observation of resting behaviour can miss many effects). 3. In addition to their use as an index of toxicity, changes in function, even within the normal range, can themselves influence susceptibility to toxins. Tissue perfusion can determine delivered dose and is influenced by function, while metabolic transformation is modified by nutritional state. Nutritional state can also influence absorption, with anaemia enhancing manganese toxicity and calcium deficiency enhancing lead toxicity. Functional activity can influence target susceptibility directly: thus, noise exposure enhances the ototoxicity of carbon monoxide, toluene or aminoglycoside antibiotics; noise, motor activity or anaesthesis all influence the central neurotoxicity of dinitrobenzene or metronidazole; motor activity enhances the peripheral nerve toxicity of lead or thallium; and nerve regeneration enhances the toxicity of hexane. These functional factors can be very important in determining individual susceptibility. ER  - 
Induction of muscle protein degradation by a tumour factor; An antigen of apparent molecular weight of 24,000, reactive with a murine monoclonal antibody, has been isolated from a cachexia-inducing tumour (MAC 16) and has been shown to initiate muscle protein degradation in vitro using isolated soleus muscle. Administration of this material to female NMRI mice (20 g) produced a pronounced depression in body weight (2.72 ± 0.14 g; P < 0.005 from control) over a 24 h period. This weight loss was attenuated in mice pretreated with the monoclonal antibody (0.06 ± 0.26 g over 24 h) and occurred without a reduction in food and water intake. There was no change in body water composition, and the major contribution to the decrease in body weight was a decrease in the non-fat carcass dry weight (mainly lean body mass). The plasma levels of glucose and most amino acids were also significantly depressed. The decrease in lean body mass was accounted for by an increase (by 50%) in protein degradation and a decrease (by 50%) in protein synthesis in gastrocnemius muscle. Protein degradation was significantly decreased and protein synthesis increased to control values in mice pretreated with the monoclonal antibody. Protein degradation initiated in vitro with the proteolysis-inducing factor was abolished in mice pretreated with eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), which had been shown to prevent muscle wastage in mice bearing the MAC16 tumour. Protein degradation was associated with a significant elevation of prostaglandin E2 production by isolated soleus muscle, which was inhibited by both the monoclonal antibody and EPA. These results suggest that this material may be the humoral factor mediating changes in skeletal muscle protein homeostasis during the process of cancer cachexia in animals bearing the MAC16 tumour, and could potentially be involved in other cases of cachexia. ER  - 
Rapid eye movement sleep correlates with the overall activities of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis and sympathetic system in healthy humans; To assess the association of the overall amount of rapid eye movement (REM) sleep and the activities of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis and sympathetic system, we performed polysomnography and measured 24-h urinary free cortisol and catecholamine excretion in 21 healthy adults. After an adaptation night, each subject was recorded in the sleep laboratory for 3 consecutive nights while 24-h urine specimens were collected. Urinary free cortisol, epinephrine, dihydroxyphenylglycol, and dihydroxyphenylacetic acid levels were significantly and positively correlated with the average values of percent REM sleep (P < 0.05). There were no correlations between hormone values and REM latency, other variables of REM distribution, or REM density, an index of phasic activity during REM sleep. The positive correlations between stress system activity and REM sleep are consistent with hormonal and sleep alterations in melancholic depression, a state characterized by increased cortisol and catecholamine secretion. ER  - 
The olfactory bulbectomized rat as a model of depression: An update; The olfactory bulbectomized (OB) rat has been proposed as an animal model of depression. The following behavioural changes have been observed following bilateral olfactory bulbectomy: hyperactivity in an enclosed arena, such as the open-field; enhanced nocturnal hyperactivity in a 24-hr home cage activity monitor; deficits in memory, as shown by passive avoidance behaviour and in the Morris maze and the 8-arm radial maze; increased open arm entries in the elevated plus-maze; and changes in food motivated and conditioned taste aversion behaviour. Alterations in the noradrenergic, serotonergic, cholinergic, γ-aminobutyric acid (GABA)ergic and glutamatergic neurotransmitter systems are also associated with olfactory bulbectomy. The variety of immune changes following olfactory bulbectomy includes reduced neutrophil phagocytesis, lymphocyte mitogenesis, lymphocyte number and negative acute phase proteins, increased leucocyte adhesiveness/aggregation, monocyte phagocytesis, neutrophil number and positive acute phase proteins. An enhanced nocturnal secretion of corticosterone is observed in OB rats, which is normally suppressed by dexamethasone. The most commonly employed behavioural indicator of antidepressant activity is attenuation of the OB- related hyperactivity in the open-field. However, many of the other behavioural, neurotransmitter and immune changes have been shown to be attenuated by chronic (but not acute) antidepressant treatment. Tricyclic antidepressants (amitriptyline, desipramine), atypical agents (mianserin), selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (paroxetine, sertraline, fluvoxamine), reversible inhibitors of monoamine oxidase A (moclobemide), as well as putative antidepressants such as 5-hydroxytryptamine(1A) agonists (zalospirone, ipsapirone), noncompetitive N-methyl-D-aspartate antagonists (MK-801) and triazolobeozodiazepines (alprazolam, adinazolam), have demonstrated antidepressant-like activity in this model. As many of the changes exhibited by the OB rat are qualitatively similar to those observed in depressed patients, it may be concluded that the OB rat is a model of depression and not just a means whereby putative antidepressants may be tested. ER  - 
Cancer cachexia and depressive states: a neuro-endocrine-immunological disease?; Plasma 5-hydroxytryptamine (serotonin), tryptophan, neopterin and cortisol levels were measured in patients with depressive cancer cachexia and in healthy controls during the same time period. Patients with advanced cancers had significantly raised neopterin, a marker of endogenous gamma-interferon (IFN-gamma) production, and cortisol values, but decreased serotonin and tryptophan levels. Much work has been done to elucidate the possible role of serotonin in depressive states. IFN-gamma induces a high level of indoleamine dioxygenase (IDO), a tryptophan degrading enzyme, and high cortisol levels induce high tryptophan oxygenase activity, which in turn increases metabolism along the tryptophan-nicotinic acid pathway. These results suggest that persistent immune activation and intense adrenal activity occur in patients with cancer cachexia, resulting in disorders involving tryptophan metabolism followed by depression in cancer cachexia. ER  - 
Spreading depression and focal brain ischemia induce cyclooxygenase-2 in cortical neurons through N-methyl-D-aspartic acid-receptors and phospholipase A2; Repetitive spreading depression (SD) waves, involving depolarization of neurons and astrocytes and upregulation of glucose consumption, is thought to lower the threshold of neuronal death during and immediately after ischemia. Using rat models for SD and focal ischemia we investigated the expression of cyclooxygenase-1 (COX-1), the constitutive form, and cyclooxygenase-2 (COX- 2), the inducible form of a key enzyme in prostaglandin biosynthesis and the target enzymes for nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs. Whereas COX-1 mRNA levels were undetectable and uninducible, COX-2 mRNA and protein levels were rapidly increased in the cortex, especially in layers 2 and 3 after SD and transient focal ischemia. The cortical induction was reduced by MK-801, an N- methyl-D-aspartic acid-receptor antagonist, and by dexamethasone and quinacrine, phospholipase A2 (PLA2) inhibiting compounds. MK-801 acted by blocking SD whereas treatment with PLA2 inhibitors preserved the wave propagation. NBQX, an α-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazolepropionic acid/kainate-receptor antagonist, did not affect the SD-induced COX-2 expression, whereas COX-inhibitors indomethacin and diclofenac, as well as a NO synthase-inhibitor, N(G)-nitro-L-arginine methyl ester, tended to enhance the COX-2 mRNA expression. In addition, ischemia induced COX-2 expression in the hippocampal and perifocal striatal neurons and in endothelial cells. Thus, COX-2 is transiently induced after SD and focal ischemia by activation of N-methyl-D-aspartic acid-receptors and PLA2, most prominently in cortical neurons that are at a high risk to die after focal brain ischemia. ER  - 
Fluoxetine selectively alters 5-hydroxytryptamine(1A) and γ- aminobutyric acid(B) receptor-mediated hyperpolarization in area CA1, but not area CA3, hippocampal pyramidal cells; Fluoxetine is a 5-hydroxytryptamine (5-HT, serotonin)-selective reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) and is one of the main drugs used for the treatment of depression. Because it takes 2 to 3 weeks of treatment before clinical efficacy is manifest, the acute actions of fluoxetine cannot account for the clinical actions of the drug. The chronic effects of fluoxetine have not been completely delineated. The experiments detailed here investigate the chronic effects of fluoxetine on 5-HT and γ-aminobutyric acid (GABA) receptor- mediated actions using intracellular recording techniques in hippocampal brain slices. Rats were treated with fluoxetine for 3 weeks via osmotic minipumps implanted s.c. Fluoxetine and norfluoxetine plasma levels were determined. The hippocampal pyramidal cell characteristics and the 5-HT(1A) and GABA(B) receptor-mediated hyperpolarization were measured in the CA1 and the CA3 subfields. The 5-HT4 receptor-mediated decrease in the slow afterhyperpolarization amplitude was also recorded in area CA1. The time constant, magnitude of the change in resistance during 300-ms hyperpolarizing current pulses and half-decay time of the sAHP were altered by chronic fluoxetine treatment in area CA1 pyramidal cells. No changes were seen in any of the active or passive membrane properties of the CA3 hippocampal pyramidal cells. Fluoxetine treatment increased the potency of 5-HT for the 5-HT(1A) receptor-mediated hyperpolarization in area CA1, but not area CA3, and decreased the potency of baclofen for the GABA(B) receptor-mediated hyperpolarization in area CA1, but not area CA3. The characteristics of the concentration-response curve for the 5-HT-mediated decrease in sAHP amplitude in area CA1 were not altered by fluoxetine treatment. Chronic fluoxetine selectively and differentially altered the calf characteristics and the 5- HT(1A) and GABA(B) receptor-mediated responses in area CA1 of the hippocampus, which forms the final common output of the hippocampus. ER  - 
Effects of intrathecal or intracerebroventricular administration of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs on a C-fiber reflex in rats; A C-fiber reflex elicited by electrical stimulation within the territory of the sural nerve was recorded from the ipsilateral biceps femoris muscle in anesthetized rats. The temporal evolution of the response was studied using a constant stimulus intensity (3 times threshold), and recruitment curves were built by varying the stimulus intensity from 0 to 7 times threshold. The intrathecal (i.t.) but not i.c.v. administration of aspirin, indomethacin, ketoprofen and lysine clonixinate resulted in dose-dependent depressions of the C-fiber reflex. In contrast, saline was ineffective. Regardless of the route of administration, the drugs never produced disturbances in heart rate and/or acid-base equilibrium. When a constant level of stimulation was used, 500 μg of aspirin i.t. induced a blockade of the reflex immediately after the injection, followed by a partial recovery. Indomethacin produced a stable depression, which reached 80 to 90% with an i.t. dose of 500 μg. Ketoprofen and lysine clonixinate produced a more stable effect; the highest doses (500 μg) produced a steady-state depression of approximately 50% for approximately 30 min. When the recruitment curves were built with a range of nociceptive stimulus intensities, all of the drugs except for indomethacin produced a dose-dependent decrease in the slopes and the areas under the recruitment curves without major modifications in the thresholds; indomethacin also induced a significant dose-related increase in the threshold. The orders of potency for both stimulation paradigms with the i.t. route were the same, namely aspirin > indomethacin > lysine clonixinate ≤ ketoprofen. It is concluded that nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs elicit significant antinociceptive effects at a spinal level, which do not depend on the existence of a hyperalgesic or inflammatory state. Such effects were not seen after injections within the lateral ventricle. ER  - 
Altered wound arginine metabolism by corticosterone and retinoic acid; Arginine metabolism plays an important role in many aspects of inflammation and wound healing. In this study, we tested the hypothesis that steroids and vitamin A have differential effects on arginine metabolism and thereby may provide a mechanism by which steroids impair wound healing, and vitamin A improves this impairment. Rats were treated with subcutaneous corticosterone pellets 2 days prior to wounding. Intraperitoneal injections of all-trans retinoic acid in peanut oil were administered at the same time and repeated 2 and 4 days later. Polyvinyl alcohol sponges were implanted subcutaneously through a dorsal incision. On Postwounding Days 1, 5, 10, and 15, wound fluid was recovered from the sponges and assayed for nitrite/nitrate (NOx), citrulline, arginine, and ornithine concentrations as well as arginase activity. Steroid treatment decreased the metabolism of arginine to nitric oxide in the early phase of wound healing, and retinoic acid did not change this relationship. Corticosterone also decreased metabolism of arginine to ornithine in the later wound. This depression was inhibited by concomitant administration of retinoic acid. Considering the importance of nitric oxide in host defense and ornithine as a precursor for polyamine and praline synthesis, these data provide a mechanism by which vitamin A improves wound strength, but does not improve wound infection rates in steroid-treated animals. ER  - 
Development of necrosis and activation of disease resistance in transgenic tobacco plants with severely reduced catalase levels; Numerous studies argue that salicylic acid (SA) is an important component of the plant signal transduction pathway(s) leading to disease resistance. The discovery that the SA-binding protein is s catalase, whose activity is blocked by SA, led to the proposal that one of SA's modes of action is to inhibit this H2O2-degrading enzyme and thus elevate H2O2 levels. To test this model, an attempt was made to mimic the action of SA by reducing the synthesis of catalase using antisense RNA technology. Analyses of transgenic tobacco plants that expressed the tobacco catalase 1 (cat1) or catalase 2 (cat2) gene in an antisense orientation indicate that there is no correlation between modest to high levels of reduction in catalase activity and activation of plant defenses such as pathogenesis-related (PR)-1 protein synthesis. However, three independent antisense catalase transgenic plants (ASCAT1 Nos 16, 17, and 28), which exhibited the most severe reduction in catalase activity (~90% or more), developed chlorosis or necrosis on some of their lower leaves. These same leaves accumulated very high levels of PR-1 proteins and showed enhanced resistance to tobacco mosaic virus. Necrosis and elevated SA, which appear to result from severe depression of catalase levels, may be responsible for the induction of these defense responses. ER  - 
Hypoxia/reoxygenation stimulates Jun kinase activity through redox signaling in cardiac myocytes; Hypoxia and reoxygenation are principal components of myocardial ischemia and reperfusion and have distinctive effects on the tissue. Both conditions have been associated with inflammation, necrosis, apoptosis, and myocardial infarction. Using a cell culture model of ischemia and reperfusion in which cardiac myocytes were exposed to cycles of hypoxia and reoxygenation, we report here thai reoxygenation, but not hypoxia alone, caused sustained ≃10-fold increases in phosphorylation of the amino-terminal domain of the c-jun transcription factor. The activation was similar to treatments with anisomycin or okadaic acid and correlated with the hypoxia mediated depression of intracellular glutathione. Reoxygenation-induced c- Jun kinase activity was reduced by preincubating myocytes during the hypoxia phase with the spin-trap agent α-phenyl N-tert-butylnitrone or with N- acelylcysteine. The kinase activation was also inhibited by the tyrosine kinase inhibitor genistein but not by other protein kinase inhibitors. These results implicate unquenched reactive oxygen intermediates as the stimulus that initiates a kinase pathway involving the stress-activated protein kinases (JNKs/SAPKs) in reoxygenated cardiac myocytes. ER  - 
Mechanisms of adaptation in sheep to overcome silage intake depression induced by biogenic amines; Effects of biogenic amines on silage intake and rumen fermentation during dietary changes were studied in sheep. Two direct-cut grass silages were prepared from a single grass sward, one untreated (WAS) and one treated with 4.0 litres formic acid (850 ml/l) per tonne (FAS). Diets of FAS, and FAS supplemented with 7.2 g biogenic amines/kg DM (FAS + A), were offered ad libitum, once daily to four rumen-cannulated, and four intact wethers in a repeated crossover design experiment. During a pre-period before each crossover, the animals were offered either the silage low in biogenic amines (FAS), or that containing moderate concentrations (WAS). During the first 4 d of the FAS + A treatment, the added biogenic amines tended to lower daily DM intake (DMI) and lowered significantly the DMI during the principal meal after feeding. This acute effect on DMI tended to be reduced when the sheep were previously preconditioned to amines by feeding WAS, and the acute DMI depression during the principal meal was significantly reduced. At the end of the 14 d FAS + A feeding period daily DMI was similar to that of the FAS treatment, but the daily pattern of intake remained different, with lower intake of FAS + A during the first 5 h after feeding, this being compensated for by the end of the day. Rumen fermentation tended to be less during the first 4 d that FAS + A was offered, due to the lower DMI and not due to the acute effect of amines. However, in the sheep unadapted to FAS + A, amine content in the rumen was higher than when the sheep were adapted for 14 d to FAS + A or WAS. Adaptation to FAS + A and feeding WAS during the pre-periods, increased the amine-degrading capacity of rumen fluid. In conclusion, in sheep unadapted to dietary amines, feeding amines will acutely lower DMI through reduced palatibility and most probably by stressing intermediary metabolism. Being preconditioned to amines slightly reduces the acute effect on daily DMI. Although the sheep adapted within 14 d to biogenic amines in the diet and increased daily DMI, there was clear evidence that amines have a negative effect on palatability. ER  - 
Extracorporeal support for intractable cardiorespiratory failure due to meningococcal disease; Background. Meningococcal disease is still associated with considerable mortality, despite the use of early antibiotics and management in specialised intensive care units, due principally to early refractory myocardial depression and hypotension as well as severe acute respiratory distress syndrome. Extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO) is a complex technology that uses a modified 'heart-lung' machine to provide temporary cardiac and respiratory support. We reviewed the UK and Australian experience of the use of ECMO in patients with refractory cardiorespiratory failure due to meningococcal disease. Methods. The records from all 12 known patients supported with ECMO for meningococcal disease in the UK and Australia since 1989 were reviewed. Findings. 12 patients (aged 4 months to 18 years, median 26 months) with meningococcal disease received ECMO over 8 years. In seven patients, ECMO was required early for cardiac support for intractable shock within 36 h of admission to intensive care. In the other five patients, ECMO was indicated for respiratory failure due to severe adult respiratory distress syndrome, which tended to occur later in the disease. The paediatric risk of mortality score ranged from 13 to 40 (median 29, median predicted risk of mortality 72%). Six of the 12 patients required cardiopulmonary resuscitation before ECMO and the other six were deteriorating despite maximal conventional therapy. Overall, eight of the 12 patients survived, with six leading functionally normal lives at a median of 1 year (range 4 months to 4 years) of follow-up. Interpretation. ECMO might be considered to support patients with intractable cardiorespiratory failure due to meningococcal disease who are not responding to conventional treatment. ER  - 
Immune response and growth of stressed weanling pigs fed diets supplemented with organic or inorganic forms of chromium.; A 2 x 4 factorial arrangement of treatments was used in a randomized complete block designed study to determine the effects of chromium level and source on growth and immune response of stressed and non-stressed 3-wk-old crossbred weanling pigs (BW was 6.35 kg). Factors included 1) immune stress or control and 2) no supplemental Cr or .2 ppm of supplemental Cr from either CrCl3, Cr-picolinate, or Cr-nicotinic acid complex. The basal diet was a corn-soybean meal-whey diet containing 1.2% lysine. Escherichia coli lipopolysaccharide (LPS) was the stress-inducing agent and was injected on d 7, 10, and 13 of the experiment. Immune challenge with LPS resulted in reduced gain (P < .05) and feed intake (P < .10). Supplementation with Cr was not effective in alleviating the depression in growth due to LPS. However, supplementation of control pigs with Cr tended to improve (P < .10) gain and feed intake. In vitro cellular immune response as measured by a lymphocyte blastogenesis assay was increased (P < .10) in pigs fed supplemental Cr from CrCl3, or Cr-picolinate. Antibody response to sheep red blood cells tended to be increased (P < .10) in pigs supplemented with Cr-nicotinic acid, but antibody response to ovalbumin was decreased (P < .05) in pigs supplemented with organic forms of Cr. At the end of the study, effects of Cr supplementation on lymphocyte proliferative response were investigated before and after ACTH administration. Injections of ACTH resulted in increased (P < .001) serum cortisol levels and increased lymphocyte proliferation. Supplementation of Cr did not affect lymphocyte blastogenic response before or after ACTH injection (P > .10). These data suggest that Cr supplementation was not beneficial during immune stress in pigs. ER  - 
Amoebic meningoencephalitis caused by Balamuthia mandrillaris in an orang utan.; OBJECTIVE: To describe a case of meningoencephalitis caused by Balamuthia mandrillaris in an orang utan. DESIGN: A pathological case report. ANIMAL: A 20 years old male orang utan (Pongo pygmaeus). PROCEDURE: The disease process was investigated by clinical pathology, necropsy, histopathology and immunofluorescence labelling. RESULTS: The orang utan developed sudden onset of depression, lethargy, inappetence and apparent head pain. The condition was considered to be related to a 2 year history of upper and lower respiratory disease, and the animal was placed on antibiotics after extensive testing. By the seventh day the animal had become ataxic and disoriented and a brain abscess was suspected. He died on the ninth day of illness. At necropsy, and subsequent sectioning, the brain showed multiple circular, soft, white to grey brown areas of varying size, the largest being in the left temporal (3.5 cm diameter) and right occipital (2.5 cm diameter) regions of the cerebrum. Histological examination of these regions revealed many amoebic trophozoites and occasional cysts associated with areas of haemorrhage and inflammatory necrosis. The trophozoites were packed in perivascular spaces and their nuclei often contained two or more prominent nucleoli. Immunofluorescent labelling of histological sections suggested that the agent was B mandrillaris. CLINICAL IMPLICATIONS: This report provides further evidence that B mandrillaris, a free living amoeba, can act as a pathogen in animals as well as people, and cause fatal meningoencephalitis. Along with Naegleria and Acanthamoeba spp, B mandrillaris should be considered amongst the causes of acute onset meningoencephalitis in animals. ER  - 
Long-term elevation of cyclooxygenase-2, but not lipoxygenase, in regions synaptically distant from spreading depression; Eicosanoids, produced from arachidonic acid by cyclooxygenases (COXs) and lipoxygenases (LIPOXs), are involved in numerous brain processes. To explore if brief and noninjurious stimuli chronically alter expression of these enzymes, we examined the induction of COX-2 and LIPOX expression following unilateral neocortical spreading depression (SD). Expression was examined over time and in regions not experiencing SD (hippocampus) but synaptically connected to the site of stimulation (cortex). One hundred six male Wistar rats had SD induced via microinjection of 0.5 M KCl (0.5 M NaCl for sham) into left parietal cortex every 9 minutes for 1 or 3 hours. One hour before SD some animals received dexamethasone (Dex), mepacrine (Mep), indomethacin (Indo), nordihydroguaiaretic acid (Ndga), phenylephrine (Pe), sodium nitroprusside (Snp) with Pe, or N(ω)-nitro-L-arginine methyl ester (Lnam). Animals survived for 0, 3, or 6 hours, or 1, 2, 3, 7, 14, 21, or 28 days. Brains were processed immunohistochemically for COX-2 and LIPOX, and the optical density (OD) of the left and right cortex, dentate gyrus (DG), CA3, and CA1 immunoreactivity (IR) were measured. Induction was expressed as the log of left divided by right side OD for each region. COX-2 IR in the left cortex was elevated rapidly and was sustained for 21 days following SD. COX-2 IR was also elevated in the ipsilateral hippocampus not experiencing SD, with the rank order of induction as follows: DG > CA3 > CA1. Dex, Snp, and/or Pe significantly reduced the induction of COX-2. No changes in LIPOX IR were observed. These results show that long-term changes in COX-2 expression are induced by SD and these changes decrease with synaptic distance. Benign stimuli increase COX-2 expression and thus may influence brain function for extended periods and at distant locations. ER  - 
Nitric oxide--a basic mediator of vasodilation and septic shock; Nitric oxide is synthesized from the amino acid I-arginine by a family of enzymes, the nitric oxide synthases. The synthesis of nitric oxide by vascular endothelium is responsible for the vasodilatator tone that is essential for the regulation of blood pressure. NO also contributes to the control of platelet aggregation and the regulation of cardiac contractility. These actions are all mediated by the activation of soluble guanylate cyclase and the consequent increase in the concentration of cGMP in target cells. Several studies suggests that some diseases are related to defects in the generation or action of nitric oxide. Some of the features of septic shock, including hypotension, vascular hyporeactivity, myocardial depression and tissue damage appears to result from excess production of NO. Controlled clinical trials to assess the effects of nitric oxide synthase inhibitors on mortality and morbidity in septic shock seem justified and are already planned. ER  - 
Study of in vitro and in vivo effects of isradipine in skeletal muscles and interaction with some drugs; The effects of the calcium channel blocker isradipine were studied in the indirectly and directly stimulated mouse diaphragm and in the anesthetized rat to determine its potency, reversibility and interaction with a number of drugs. Initially, it potentiated both indirect and direct twitches followed by a reduction. With tetanic contractions, no potentiation was obtained, only a reduction, which was complete or near complete at the highest concentration tested (10-4 M). In combination, isradipine reduced the IC50 and IC90 values for the antibiotics gentamicin, polymyxin B and clindamycin, d-tubocurarine and magnesium ions. Depression of contraction caused by isradipine or in combination could be reversed to varying degrees by washout, elevated calcium ions, neostigmine or 4-aminopyridine. Spontaneous recovery from the effects of isradipine alone or in combination was slow and usually incomplete. For in vivo experiments, severe cardiovascular depressant effects of isradipine limited its exposure to lower concentrations and for shorter periods. Under those conditions, it had no effect on heart rate. However, both systolic and diastolic blood pressure were significantly reduced, while pulse pressure was increased. After an initial potentiation, muscle contraction was maximally reduced to 55% of control. This study indicates that acute administration of isradipine may aggravate neuromuscular effects of antibiotics, muscle relaxants or hypermagnesemia, although it is unlikely that spontaneous recovery or reversibility of muscular activity by suitable reversal agents will be affected. However, prolonged use of the drug may be more difficult to reverse. ER  - 
Clinically significant pharmacokinetic drug interactions with carbamazepine; Carbamazepine is one of the most commonly prescribed antiepileptic drugs and is also used in the treatment of trigeminal neuralgia and psychiatric disorders, particularly bipolar depression. Because of its widespread and long term use, carbamazepine is frequently prescribed in combination with other drugs, lending to the possibility of drug interactions. The most important interactions affecting carbamazepine pharmacokinetics are those resulting in induction or inhibition of its metabolism. Phenytoin, phenobarbital (phenobarbitone) and primidone accelerate the elimination of carbamazepine, probably by stimulating cytochrome P450 (CYP) 3A4, and reduce plasma carbamazepine concentrations to a clinically important extent. Inhibition of carbamazepine metabolism and elevation of plasma carbamazepine to potentially toxic concentrations can be caused by stiripentol, remacemide, acetazolamide, macrolide antibiotics, isoniazid, metronidazole, certain antidepressants, verapamil, diltiazem, cimetidine, danazol and (dextropropoxyphene) propoxyphene. In other cases, toxic symptoms may result from elevated plasma concentrations of the active metabolite carbamazepine-l0, 11-epoxide, due to the inhibition of epoxide hydrolase by valproic acid (sodium valproate), valpromide, valnoctamide and progabide. Carbamazepine is a potent inducer of CYP3A4 and other oxidative enzyme system in the liver, and it may also increase glucuronyltransferase activity. This results in the acceleration of the metabolism of concurrently prescribed anticonvulsants, particularly valproic acid, clonazepam, ethosuximide, lamotrigine, topiramate, tiagabine and remacemide. The metabolism of many other drugs such as tricyclic antidepressants, antipsychotics, steroid oral contraceptives, glucocorticoids, oral anticoagulants, cyclosporin, theophylline, chemotherapeutic agents and cardiovascular drugs can also be induced, leading to a number of clinically relevant drug interactions. Interactions with carbamazepine can usually be predicted on the basis of the pharmacological properties of the combined drug, particularly with respect to its therapeutic index, site of metabolism and ability to affect specific drug metabolising isoenzymes. Avoidance of unnecessary polypharmacy, selection of alternative agents with lower interaction potential, and careful dosage adjustments based on serum drug concentration monitoring and clinical observation represent the mainstays for the minimisation of risks associated with these interactions. ER  - 
Gravel obstruction in the abomasum or duodenum of two cows.; Two Holstein cows from dry lot dairies were evaluated because of clinical signs of depression, anorexia, and decreased milk production. Bilateral abdominal distention and decreased fecal output were found on physical examination. Results of serum biochemical analyses indicated that the cows had severe hypochloremic, hypokalemic metabolic alkalosis. On the basis of physical examination and laboratory findings, an obstruction of the abomasum or cranial portion of the small intestine was suspected in these cows and abdominal exploratory surgery was performed. A mass of gravel was found in the pyloric antrum of the abomasum of 1 cow and the descending duodenum of the other cow. The duodenal obstruction was removed by enterotomy, and the pyloric mass was manually reduced during surgery. The cows were treated with antibiotics and isotonic saline solution (NaCl) supplemented with potassium chloride and recovered quickly after surgery. ER  - 
Studies on the magnitude and the mechanism of cough potentiation by angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors in guinea-pigs: Involvement of bradykinin in the potentiation; One adverse effect of the angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors used for treatment of hypertension and congestive heart failure is the production of dry coughs. Imidapril is a new type of ACE inhibitor with a very low incidence of coughs. The magnitude and the mechanism of cough potentiation of imidapril and other ACE inhibitors has been studied in guinea-pigs. in normal guinea-pigs single and repeated dosing of imidapril at 0.1 to 100 mg kg-1 had no effect on capsaicin- or citric acid-induced coughs. Single and repeated dosing of enalapril and captopril at 10 to 30 mg kg-1, respectively, significantly increased the number of capsaicin-induced coughs. Repeated dosing of 1 mg kg-1 enalapril also significantly augmented the capsaicin cough. In bronchitic guinea-pigs imidapril also had no effect on the coughs induced by the two stimulants. Enalapril and captopril significantly increased the number of coughs induced not only by capsaicin but also by citric acid. Lower doses of enalapril were enough to augment the capsaicin-induced coughs, whereas medium to large doses failed to augment the cough irrespective of the protocol of administration. Bradykinin-induced discharges of the vagal afferents from the lower airway were significantly increased by enalaprilat but not by imidaprilat. Capsaicin-induced discharges of the afferents were, on the other hand, significantly depressed by enalaprilat, but not by imidaprilat. Interestingly, enalaprilat depression of the discharges was significantly reversed by Hoe-140, a bradykinin B2 receptor blocker. In guinea-pigs pretreated with a low dose of enalapril, arterial infusion of bradykinin significantly potentiated the coughs induced by capsaicin. The results indicated that imidapril was less potent than enalapril and captopril in potentiating cough responses induced by capsaicin and citric acid in guinea-pigs, and further suggest that bradykinin might be a key substance in the mechanism of the potentiation of coughs associated with ACE inhibitors. ER  - 
Clinical efficacy of trimetazidine in stable angina pectoris: A double-blind placebo controlled study; This study which aims to evaluate the effects of trimetazidine on optimization of medical therapy in patients with coronary artery disease and positive exercise test and effort angina in spite of medical therapy including calcium channel blockers, mononitrates and acetyl salicylic acid for a least two weeks consist of 21 patients. In a randomized fashion, patients received 20 mgr trimetazidine tid or placebo tablets for two weeks. The existence of coronary artery disease was shown with coronary angiography in every patients. In ten patients which received trimetazidine (Group I; consists of 9 male, 1 female patients, mean age 51 ± 8 years) occurrence of angina pectoris in a week fell significantly (3.0 ± 2.1 vs 7.2 ± 3.4, p<0.05) with respect to pre-trimetazidine period. But in the placebo group (Group II; consists of 10 male, 1 female patients, mean age 54 ± 7 years) the difference was not significant (5.5 ± 3.5 angina pectoris occurrences in a week vs 7.6 ± 3.1, p>0.05). In the first group, maximum exercise duration, double product at maximum heart rate and time needed for 1 mm ST depression were 7.1 ± 1.8 min vs 9.0 ± 2.5 min (p>0.05), 24962 ± 3459 vs 26180 ± 2630 (p>0.05) and 4.3 ± 1.5 min vs 7.9 ± 3.3 min (p<0.01) pretreatment and posttreatment respectively. In the second group the values were 7.6 ± 3.0 min vs 7.7 ± 2.1 min (p>0.05), 24615 ± 4415 vs 25238 ± 3012 (p>0.05) and 4.9 ± 1.9 min vs 5.6 ± 2.2 min (p>0.05). These results imply that trimetazidine could be an effective additive to other antianginal agents. ER  - 
Regulation of motilin release from isolated perfused pig duodenum; The release of motilin from an isolated preparation of pig duodenum has been studied. Three different types of stimuli were applied: electrical nerve stimulation, intraarterially administered peptides, and instillation of test solutions into the lumen of the duodenum. Furthermore, extracts of 20 different regions of the pig digestive system have been analyzed for motilin content. Analysis of the extracts only detected significant presence of motilin in the pig duodenum and jejunum (79 ± 15 and 60 ± 19 pmol/g). The stimulation experiments showed: (1) a significant noncholinergic depression of motilin release during electrical stimulation of the vagus nerve (nadir at 74 ± 5% of baseline level; (2) a significant elevation of motilin release in response to intraarterially administered vasoactive intestinal peptide (VIP) (peak at 330 ± 35% of baseline level), and (3) a significantly elevated motilin release in response to instillation of autologuous bile (peak at 170 ± 16% of baseline level) and hydrochloric acid (peak at 196 ± 42% of baseline level) into the duodenal lumen. In conclusion, luminal acidification and bile are important factors in stimulation of motilin release, whereas the vagally stimulated VIP release was insufficient to overcome the general inhibitory effect of vagus stimulation. ER  - 
Management of acute anticonvulsant overdose; Epilepsy is the most common serious neurological condition. Overdoses with anticonvulsants are common and produce major morbidity, in many cases requiring intensive care medicine and prolonged hospital stays. However, fatalities are uncommon. Management in most cases centres on supportive measures. In general, with perhaps the exception of valproic acid (sodium valproate) and carbamazepine, the effects seen in overdose tend to be exacerbations of the adverse effects observed with lower doses of these drugs. The drugs used to treat epilepsy are diverse and come from several classes. With acute phenytoin ingestion, the predominant effects include ataxia, lethargy and nystagmus. Cardiovascular toxicity is rare after oral ingestion and patients do not require routine cardiac monitoring. Clinical signs and symptoms in overdoses of valproic acid are believed to be a combination of the effects of the parent drug and the metabolite 2-en-valproic acid. Prominent effects may include lethargy, coma, cerebral oedema, thrombocytopenia and metabolic acidosis. Cerebral oedema typically becomes clinically apparent 2 to 3 days after overdose, while the nadir of the haematological injury tends to be 3 to 5 days after overdose. Most patients who have taken an overdose of valproic acid will do well with gastrointestinal decontamination and aggressive supportive care only. Haemodialysis use must be weighed against its risks, but may prevent cerebral oedema, thrombocytopenia and prolonged coma. In overdose with carbamazepine, many of the effects seen may be related to mechanisms secondary to the tricyclic structure that the drug shares with the cyclic antidepressants. The main risks are coma, seizures, depression of respiratory drive (requiring mechanical ventilation) and ventricular arrhythmias. The management of patients with carbamazepine overdose is primarily supportive. Large overdose may require intubation and mechanical ventilation. The risks involved in haemoperfusion suggest that this procedure is warranted only in patients with ventricular dysrhythmia or unstable cardiac status that has not responded to conventional therapies. Overdose with the succinimides is rare. The effects seen include lethargy, coma and respiratory depression. The treatment of an overdose of the succinimide derivatives is primarily supportive. Symptoms of phenobarbital (phenobarbitone) overdose are generally exacerbations of the CNS depressant effects seen with therapeutic concentrations, i.e. slurred speech, somnolence, ataxia, obtundation and coma. With severe intoxication, hypotension and depressed cardiac output may be seen. In most cases of phenobarbital overdose, the patient will do well with gastrointestinal decontamination and aggressive supportive care only. Multiple-dose activated charcoal has been shown to reduce serum drug concentrations; however, no clear improvement in clinical effects has been shown. Haemoperfusion can restore haemodynamic stability and improve the level of consciousness. However, due to the usual successful outcome of supportive therapies, the risks involved in haemoperfusion appear warranted only in patients with unstable cardiac status that has not responded to conventional therapies. The predominant toxic effects of benzodiazepines include sedation, ataxia, dizziness, slurred speech, confusion and ataxia. Significant effects, such as respiratory depression and death, are most likely to occur in the setting of co-ingestants or parenteral administration. The management of benzodiazepine overdose is primarily supportive. Routine flumazenil use in such patients should be avoided. There are limited data on the effects of the newer anticonvulsants, felbamate, gabapentin and lamotrigine, in overdose. Felbamate has produced only mild effects of agitation, ataxia and somnolence after ingestion of 10 times the recommended daily dose. Overdoses of gabapentin have produced dizziness and diarrhoea, and those of lamotrigine lethargy, ataxia and nystagmus. Clinically insignificant, but mild, cardiovascular toxicity of sinus tachycardia and widened QRS interval has also been reported with lamotrigine overdose. The treatment of the newer anticonvulsants in overdose is essentially supportive after decontamination with activated charcoal. ER  - 
Use of anti-inflammatory and analgesic drugs in dogs and cats.; Responses (486) were collared from a survey of 5054 Australian veterinarians on their use of anti-inflammatory and analgesic drugs in dogs and cats. Almost all respondents used glucocorticoids (usually prednisolone) to treat allergic, pruritic dermatoses in dogs, while two-thirds also gave fatty acid supplements and one-half used antihistamines. Almost 60% of respondents initially injected a glucocorticoid (frequently a long-acting preparation) when treating inflammatory skin diseases in dogs. More than 90% of respondents used glucocorticoids to treat immune-mediated haemolytic anaemia or thrombocytopenia, and about one-third also gave cytotoxic drugs. Administration of prednisolone on alternate days was generally favoured for long-term enteral steroid therapy. Phenylbutazone was the most preferred treatment for painful or inflammatory musculoskeletal disorders of dogs, but aspirin and pentosan polysulphate were also used widely. Regarding the use of analgesics drugs generally, both narcotic analgesics and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) were used more widely in dogs than in cats, but alpha-2 agonists were used similarly in both species. The most commonly used narcotic analgesics were pethidine and buprenorphine in both species, while the NSAIDs used most often were flunixin and dipyrone in dogs and ketoprofen in cats. More than 80% of respondents generally used analgesic drugs with potentially painful surgical procedures, with doses given usually before anaesthetic recovery. Analgesic use rates varied with the condition, ranging from 94% for patients with acute severe trauma, through 60% for cruciate ligament repair and 29% for perineal herniorrahphy, to about 5% for ovariohysterectomy and dog castration. The three clinical signs most frequently nominated as indicators of pain in dogs and cats were (in descending order) vocalisation, response to handling or palpating the affected area, and mental depression. Other items mentioned frequently were behavioural changes and immobility (in both species), inappetence/anorexia in cats, and altered respiration in dogs. ER  - 
Amino acids as the source of considerable excitation in cerebral cortex; A number of different factors contributed to the rationale for providing a critical review of the field of excitatory amino acids in the cerebral cortex at this time. In addition to the recent growing realisation by clinicians that the excitatory amino acids are linked critically to a number of neurological conditions, including neurodegenerative syndromes such as Alzheimer's disease, cortical damage due to stroke and cerebral ischemia, epilepsy, amyotropic lateral sclerosis, and schizophrenia, the recent cloning and membrane reconstitution of specific receptors known as AMPA, NMDA, kainate, and metabotropic receptors and their known subunits have prompted a surge of renewed interest in this important family of synaptic transmitter molecules. Moreover, recent advances in our understanding of the molecular events involved in growth promotion in the early stages of the development of the cortex have shown that both NMDA and non-NMDA receptor subtypes perform important roles in certain aspects of target selection and neurite outgrowth, in cone stimulation and guidance, and in spine formation and morphological alterations. A recent explosive growth in interest in the possible roles of nitric oxide and related short-lived radicals in plasticity, disease, and synaptic transmission also is related closely with the actions of excitatory amino acids. All these relatively new advances have transpired in parallel with ongoing work that has extended our appreciation for the roles of excitatory amino acids in the areas of synaptic plasticity (long-term potentiation, long-term depression, receptive field reorganisation following drug-induced or peripheral sensory disturbances, such as denervation or amputation), in processes of normal transmission at functionally and electrophysiologically identified neurones of the cerebral cortex, and in distinct proposed roles for cortical glia. A greater appreciation of the diverse types and properties of the burgeoning family of receptors for the metabotropic receptor also contributed to our desire to feature that aspect of the field in the context of glia and neurones of the cerebral cortex. That part of the field of neuroscience concerned with the functions of excitatory amino acids has grown so large over the past 10 years or so, that a review paper focusing on the contributions to a specialized meeting devoted solely to cerebral cortex could easily be supported by material comprising a sufficient body of communications from top-quality research laboratories. The present account endeavours to summarize and discuss the biochemical characteristics, physiological roles, pharmacological properties, clinical relevance, developmental involvements, and anatomical-morphological aspects pertaining to the excitatory amino acid transmitters in cerebral cortex. ER  - 
Involvement of the 12-lipoxygenase pathway of arachidonic acid metabolism in homosynaptic long-term depression of the rat hippocampus; Low-frequency stimulation is associated with long-term depression (LTD) of synaptic efficacy in various brain structures. Like long-term potentiation (LTP), homosynaptic LTD in area CA1 of the hippocampus appears to require NMDA receptor activation, changes in postsynaptic calcium concentration and phospholipase A2 (PLA2) activation. Arachidonic acid (AA) is released after the activation of calcium-dependent phospholipases and free AA is rapidly metabolized to a family of bioactive products (the eicosanoids) which are thought to be both intracellular and extracellular messengers. In the present study, we investigated the involvement of the cyclooxygenase and lipoxygenase pathways of AA metabolism in the formation of homosynaptic LTD in the rat hippocampus. Stimulation at 1 Hz for 15 min was used to produce homosynaptic depression in area CA1 of hippocampal slices. LTD induction was partially blocked by bromophenacyl bromide (50-100 μM), a selective PLA2 inhibitor, and by the a nonselective lipoxygenase inhibitor nordihydroguaiaretic acid (NDGA; 100 μM). In contrast, the specific cyclooxygenase blocker indomethacin (100 μM) did not significantly reduce hippocampal LTD. Since NDGA interferes with LTD formation, we examined whether specific inhibitors of 5- and 12-lipoxygenases were capable of blocking LTD expression. The 12-lipoxygenase inhibitor baicalein at a concentration of 50 μM reduced LTP formation when given in the bath, an effect that was less pronounced with the 5-lipoxygenase inhibitor AA-861. These data suggest that the activation of endogenous PLA2 and the formation of 12-lipoxygenase metabolites of AA may be important factors controlling the expression of hippocampal LTD. ER  - 
LD50 value, phototoxicity and convulsion induction test of the new quinolone antibacterial agent (S)-10-[(S)-(8-amino-6-aza-spiro[3,4]octan-6-yl)]-9-fluoro-2,3-dihydro -3-methyl-7-oxo-7H-pyrido[1,2,3-de][1,4]benzoxazine-6 carboxylic acid hemihydrate in laboratory animals; (S)-10-[(S)-(8-Amino-6-azaspiro[3,4]octan-6-yl)]-9-fluoro-2,3-dihydro- 3-methyl-7-oxo-7H-pyrido[1,2,3-de][1,4]benzoxazine-6-carboxylic acid hemihydrate (CAS 151390-79-3, DV-7751a) a new quinolone antibacterial agent, was examined for LD50 value, phototoxicity and convulsion inducing potential in laboratory animals. A single oral administration of DV-7751a induced soft stool in rats at 1000 and 2000 mg/kg and in monkeys at 250 mg/kg and vomiting in monkeys at 500 mg/kg or more. A single intravenous administration caused a decrease in locomotor activity, respiratory depression, convulsion, pulmonary edema and death in rats and mice. The LD50 values with oral administration were more than 2000 mg/kg for rats and mice and more than 250 mg/kg for monkeys, and those with intravenous administration were 164.3 mg/kg for rats of both sexes at an injection rate of 2 ml/min, 118.8 mg/kg for male rats and 104 to 125 mg/kg for female rats at 0.5 ml/min, and 184.7 mg/kg for male mice and 187.4 mg/kg for female mice. DV-7751a showed very weak phototoxicity in mice after single oral administration of 600 mg/kg, followed by UVA irradiation, but no convulsion after oral administration of 200 or 1000 mg/kg in combination with 4-biphenylacetic acid at 400 mg/kg. ER  - 
The incomplete central retinal artery occlusion (ICRAO). Visual recovery with conservative therapy; Objective: The conservative treatment and favorable prognosis of ten patients who presented with acute loss of vision is described. They showed only slight signs of occlusion of the central retinal artery on ophthalmoscopy; i.e. incomplete central retinal artery occlusion (ICRAO). Design: Case series. Methods: Ten patients with ICRAO were treated conservatively with massage of the globe, immediate depression of the blood pressure where hypertension was present, isovolemic hemodilution in the presence of an increased hematocrit reading and the daily administration of 100 mg acetylsalicylic acid. Results: ICRAO has a good visual prognosis, and these patients showed a marked recovery of vision following conservative treatment. Their initial clinical signs included a slight and localized degree of perimacular edema, visible on ophthalmoscopy and showing also a faint cherry-red macular spot. Delay in fluorescein filling of the retinal arteries was found, but in most of the patients the loss of vision was moderate, showing a decrease to between 20/500 and 20/30. Conclusions: Spontaneous recovery of vision is not to be expected in patients with ICRAO. Immediate conservative treatment is necessary, and this must be started at once if a possible increase in the occlusion - with its correspondingly poorer prognosis - is to be avoided. It is important to be aware of the ocular signs of ICRAO, in order to avoid beginning an unnecessarily drastic treatment such as fibrinolysis. ER  - 
Affective disorders and nitric oxide: A role in pathways to relapse and refractoriness?; Glutamatergic mechanisms are powerful activators of the L-arginine-nitric oxide (NO) pathway in the central nervous system (CNS). While these mechanisms have been implicated in a variety of neurodegenerative disorders, as well as psychiatric disorders such as schizophrenia and anxiety, a possible role in affective disorders has not been defined. Low gamma-hydroxy butyric acid (GABA)/high glutamate ratios appear to be aetiological factors in the syndrome of depression. In addition to effects on biogenic amines, typical antidepressants exhibit both glutamate-modulating actions and GABA enhancing properties, while N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA)-receptor antagonists, similarly, display antidepressant efficacy. Excessive activation of glutamatergic/nitrergic mechanisms, leading to limbic and subcortical kindling and the synthesis of specific immediate early genes (IEG) and retrograde messengers such as NO, allow the formation of memory traces which can either predict remission of dysphoric mood or, alternatively, the development of relapse and treatment refractoriness. In parallel to its ability to induce refractoriness, lithium can augment glutamate responses, is proconvulsant, regulates gene expression and has distinct effects on NO and cGMP. These effects, including refractoriness, may be overcome with anticonvulsant/GABA-agonists or an NMDA antagonist. Not only are anti-glutamatergic or GABA-enhancing mechanisms thus vital for successful remission of depression, they may also regulate homeostatic mechanisms preventing dysphoric mood recurrence. The diverse effects of NO and cGMP on subcellular events, the unique physico-chemical properties of NO and its involvement in cellular memory processes and synaptic plasticity makes it an ideal regulator of short- and long-term adaptive changes associated with mood regulation. ER  - 
The influence of the invasion of Trichinella sp. on immunologic reactions in mice: 1. Analysis of the reaction of skin allograft rejection; Experiments were carried out on male BALB/c (recipients) and C57B1 (donors) mice. The transplantation of ear skin was carried out. Recipient mice were infected 23 days before transplantation with Trichinella spiralis or Trichinella pseudospiralis larvae. It was found that allogenic skin allografts survived longer in infected mice as compared to controls. The suppression of allograft rejection was also observed when normal mice were inoculated 1-6 days after transplantation with extract from Trichinella sp. The effect was abolished when the infected mice were injected with inhibitors of prostaglandin synthesis: indomethacin or acetylsalicylic acid. This suggests that prostaglandins play an important role in the mechanism of depression of the host immune response. ER  - 
Animal models and their results in relation to the therapy of migraine; Until now, our understanding of migraine pathophysiology has been fairly incomplete. So far no animal model has allowed an explanation of all facets of the clinically heterogeneous condition migraine. However, it is now generally accepted that the migraine headache is due to activation of the trigeminal system. The model of neurogenic inflammation after stimulation of the trigeminal ganglion or systemic administration of capsaicin allows study of the inhibitory interactions between antimigraine compounds and peripheral trigeminal fibre terminals that sustain a sterile meningeal inflammation through release of allogenic and vasoactive neuropeptides, such as substance P and calcitonin gene-related peptide. Studies with the model of superior sagittal sinus stimulation have revealed central actions of antimigraine agents such as ergotamine and sumatriptan, but also acetylsalicylic acid on neurotransmission of trigeminal nociceptive input in the brainstem. A likely explanation for the slowly progressing neurological deficits is cortical spreading depression (CSD), which can easily be elicited in many species. However, CSD has not been observed in vivo in humans. The described models strongly influenced the development of new medications for migraine treatment and have improved our understanding of migraine pathophysiology. ER  - 
Sepsis--generalized infection. The treatment of adults based on personal observations; Basing on the own experience, the authors discuss causative treatment of sepsis, mainly of unknown etiology. Emphasis is on the depression of immunological system in the acute phase of the disease. Therefore, a combined treatment with 2, often 3 or even 4 bacterial antibiotics is recommended, together with passive immunotherapy, and in certain cases surgical removal of the infection foci. ER  - 
Animal models and their results in relation to the therapy of migraine; Until now, our understanding of migraine pathophysiology has been fairly incomplete. So far no animal model has allowed an explanation of all facets of the clinically heterogenous condition migraine. However, it is now generally accepted that the migraine headache is due to activation of the trigeminal system. The model of neurogenic inflammation after stimulation of the trigeminal ganglion or systemic administration of capsaicin allows study of the inhibitory interactions between antimigraine compounds and peripheral trigeminal fibre terminals that sustain a sterile meningeal inflammation through release of alogenic and vasoactive neuropeptides, such as substance P and calcitonin gene-related peptide. Studies with the model of superior sagittal sinus stimulation have revealed central actions of antimigraine agents such as ergotamine and sumatriptan, but also acetylsalicylic acid on neurotransmission of trigeminal nociceptive input in the brainstem. A likely explanation for the slowly progressing neurological deficits is cortical spreading depression (CSD), which can easily be elicited in many species. However, CSD has not been observed in vivo in humans. The described models strongly influenced the development of new medications for migraine treatment and have improved our understanding of migraine pathophysiology. ER  - 
Effects of antimigraine drugs on retinal spreading depression; It has been suggested that spreading depression may play a role in triggering classical migraine. In this study the retinal spreading depression was used as a pharmacological tool to test the neuronal effects of several common antimigraine drugs. As the chicken retina is void of any blood vessels the observed effects must be of pure neuronal origin. It is shown that propranolol, sumatriptan, methysergide, paracetamol and acetylsalicyclic acid decrease the propagation velocity of retinal spreading depression waves, accelerate the recovery of the optical and electrical signal and reduce the amplitude of the negative potential shift, concomitant with the spreading depression. Barbiturate increases the spreading velocity, and the amplitude of the potential shift. Ergotamine, clonidine, lisuride and iprazochrome have no significant influence on retinal spreading depression. ER  - 
Cancer cachexia presenting with depressive illness: A neuro-endocrine- immunological disease?; There is a preponderance of recent evidence that malignant disease presenting cancer cachexia is heralded by depressive illness of an apparently endogenous kind, not related to gross brain damage. The subjects of this research were patients suffering from gastrointestinal cancers and progressive diseases. The patients were serologically and/or histologically confirmed to have metastasizing and/or recurrent cancers. Serum neopterin, tryptophan, serotonin and cortisol were synchronously measured in patients and healthy controls. Patients with cancers had significantly raised neopterin, a marker of endogenous gamma-interferon (IFN-γ), and cortisol values, whereas those without them had decreased tryptophan and serotonin levels. Much work has been done to elucidate the possible role of serotonin(5-hydroxytryptamine : 5-HT) in depressive illness. IFN-γ induces a high level of indoleamine dioxygenase (IDO), tryptophan degrading enzyme, and cortisol levels induce high tryptophan oxygenase activity, which in turn increases the metabolism along the tryptophan-nicotinic acid pathway. These results suggested that immune system overactivation and intense adrenal activity occurred in patients with advanced cancers, resulting in disorders of the tryptophan metabolism followed by depression in cancer cachexia. ER  - 
Eicosanoids and nitric oxide influence induction of reactive gliosis from spreading depression in microglia but not astrocytes; Microglia and astrocytes are transformed into reactive glia (RG) by brain disease and normal function. Eicosanoids and nitric oxide (NO), two intercellular mediators, may influence gliosis. We investigated how drugs that alter production of these paracrine signals effect induction of glial reactivity from spreading depression. Unilateral (left) neocortical spreading depression was induced in 95 halothane anesthetized rats by intracortical injections of 0.5 M KCl, with or without drug treatment (five animals/group). Immunohistochemical staining (IS) intensity using the OX-42 and anti-glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP) antibodies determined reactivity in microglia and astrocytes, respectively. After 3 days, brains were processed for OX-42 and GFAP-IS and mean optical densities (OD) of IS were measured. Average OD's (for OX-42) and the log ratio (left/right) of OD's (OX-42 and GFAP) were compared to normal animals. Spreading depression induced significant log ratios for both OX-42- and GFAP-IS (P's < 0.01). However, dexamethasone (a glucocorticoid), nordihydroguaiaretic acid (a lipoxygenase inhibitor), and nitroprusside (a NO donor) prevented significant left sided and log ratio OD values for microglia (P's>0.05). L-Name, a NO synthase inhibitor, caused significant increases in left and right OD's for microglia (P's<0.05). Mepacrine, a phospholipase A2 inhibitor, Indomethacin, a cyclooxygenase inhibitor, and phenylephrine, an adrenergic agonist, did not prevent induction of significant OX-42 log ratios (P's < 0.01, 0.05, 0.01), and resulted in increases in left side OD's (P's < 0.01, 0.05, 0.05). Significant GFAP log ratios occurred after spreading depression in all drug groups, P's < 0.01. Thus, induction of reactivity in microglia is more sensitive to eicosanoids and NO than in astrocytes. ER  - 
The regulation of adipose tissue distribution in humans; The regulation of adipose tissue distribution is an important problem in view of the close epidemiological and metabolic associations between centralized fat accumulation and disease. With visceral fat accumulation multiple endocrine perturbations are found, including elevated cortisol and androgens in women, as well as low growth hormone (GH) and, in men, testosterone (T) secretion. These abnormalities probably derive from a hypersensitive hypothalamo-pituitary-adrenal axis, with hyperinsulinemia related to a marked insulin resistance as a consequence. These hormonal changes exert profound effects on adipose tissue metabolism and distribution. At the adipocyte level cortisol and insulin promote lipid accumulation by expressing lipoprotein lipase activity, while T, GH and probably estrogens exert opposite effects. The consequences will most likely be more expressed in visceral than subcutaneous adipose tissues because of a higher cellularity, innervation and blood flow. Furthermore, the density of cortisol and androgen receptors seems to be higher in this than other adipose tissue regions. The endocrine perturbations found in visceral obesity with an abundance of the lipid accumulating hormones cortisol and insulin, and a relatively low secretion of the lipid mobilizing sex steroid hormones and GH would therefore be expected to be followed by visceral fat accumulation. The potential significance of local synthesis of steroid hormones in adipose tissue requires more attention. Although studies in vitro are informative when elucidating detailed mechanisms of hormonal interactions, they might not give a true picture of the regional integrated regulation of adipose tissue lipid storage and mobilization. Such information can be obtained by regional measurements of lipid mobilization by free fatty acid turnover or by microdialysis techniques, both showing lower rates of mobilization in leg than in upper body adipose tissues. More detailed information can be obtained by physiological oral administration of triglycerides, labelled with a small amount of oleic acid, followed by measurements of the regional uptake and turn-over of adipose tissue triglycerides. Such studies show lipid uptake in the order omental = retroperitoneal > subcutaneous abdominal > subcutaneous femoral adipose tissues in men, with a similar rank order for half-life of the triglyceride, indicating also a turn-over of triglycerides in that order. T amplifies these differences in men. In premenopausal women subcutaneous abdominal has a higher turnover than femoral adipose tissue. Results of studies in vitro indicate that this difference is diminished at the menopause, and restored by estrogen substitution, suggesting that the functional effects of estrogens in women are similar to those of T in men. The mechanisms are, however, probably indirect because of the apparent absence of specific estrogen and progesterone receptors in human adipose tissue. This interpretation from the studies referred to above fits well with physiological, and clinical conditions with increased visceral fat mass, where the balance between the lipid accumulating hormone couple (cortisol and insulin) and the hormones which prevent lipid accumulation and instead activate lipid mobilization pathways (sex steroid hormones and GH) is shifted to the advantage of the former. Such conditions include Cushing's syndrome, the polycystic ovary syndrome, menopause, aging, GH-deficiency, depression, smoking and excess alcohol intake. With appropriate interventions against hypercortisolemia and substitution of deficient sex steroids and GH, visceral fat mass is decreasing. Based on this evidence from physiological, clinical, interventional observations and detailed studies of mechanisms at cellular and molecular levels it is suggested that the combined endocrine abnormalities in the syndrome of visceral obesity direct storage fat to visceral adipose depots. Therefore, measurements of visceral fat accumulation may serve as an index of such endocrine abnormalities. ER  - 
Arachidonic acid to eicosapentaenoic acid ratio in blood correlates positively with clinical symptoms of depression; In this study of 20 moderately to severely depressed patients, diagnosed using current research diagnostic criteria and excluding known bipolar affective disorder and reactive depression, we investigated relationships between severity of depression and levels and ratios of n-3 and n-6 long- chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) in plasma and erythrocyte phospholipids (PL). Severity of depression was measured using the 21-item Hamilton depression rating scale (HRS) and a second linear rating scale (LRS) of severity of depressive symptoms that omitted anxiety symptoms. There was a significant correlation between the ratio of erythrocyte PL arachidonic acid (AA) to eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and severity of depression as rated by the HRS (P < 0.05) and the LRS for depression (P < 0.01). There was also a significant negative correlation between erythrocyte EPA and the LRS (P < 0.05). The AA/EPA ratio in plasma PL and the ratio of erythrocyte long-chain (C20 and C22 carbon) n-6 to long-chain n-3 PUFA were also significantly correlated with the LRS (P < 0.05). These findings do not appear to be simply explained by differences in dietary intake of EPA. We cannot determine whether the high ratios of AA/EPA in both plasma and erythrocyte PL are the result of depression or whether tissue PUFA change predate the depressive symptoms. We suggest, however, that our findings provide a basis for studying the effect of the nutritional supplementation of de pressed subjects, aimed at reducing the AA/EPA ratio in tissues and severity of depression. ER  - 
Sulphur-induced polioencephalomalacia in lambs; An outbreak of polioencephalomalacia affected 16 of 36 Swaledale lambs and five of 25 Scottish blackface lambs 15 to 32 days after they were introduced to an ad libitum concentrate ration containing 0.43 per cent sulphur. The clinical signs were acute and included depression, central blindness and head-pressing, but no hyperaesthesia, nystagmus, dorsiflexion of the neck or opisthotonos were observed. Treatment of the affected lambs with vitamin B1, dexamethasone and antibiotics was associated with a prolonged recovery period, though no further cases were identified after vitamin B1 had been given parenterally to all the lambs at risk. ER  - 
Niflumic acid-induced increase in potassium currents in frog motor nerve terminals: Effects on transmitter release; The actions of the nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drug niflumic acid were studied on frog neuromuscular preparations by conventional electrophysiological techniques. Niflumic acid reduced the amplitude and increased the latency of endplate potentials in a concentration-dependent manner. Neuromuscular junctions pretreated with niflumic acid (0.05-0.5 mM) showed much less depression than control when they were stimulated with trains of impulses. Inhibition of acetylcholine release was reverted by raising the extracellular Ca2+ concentration but not by simply washing out the preparations with niflumic acid-free solutions. Pretreatment with indomethacin (0.1 mM), another nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drug, did not affect the niflumic acid-induced inhibition of evoked responses. Niflumic acid (0.1 mM) did not change the amplitude of miniature endplate potentials and had a dual action on the frequency of miniatures: it decreased their frequency at 0.1 mM whereas it produced an enormous increase in the rate of spontaneous discharge at 0.5 mM. Niflumic acid (0.1-1 mM) reversibly increased the amplitude and affected the kinetics of presynaptic voltage-activated K+ current and Ca2+-activated K+ current in a concentration-dependent manner. Niflumic acid (0.1-1 mM) irreversibly decreased the amplitude and reversibly affected the kinetics of the nodal Na+ current. Indomethacin (0.1 mM) had no effect on presynaptic currents. In conclusion, niflumic acid reduces acetylcholine release by increasing presynaptic K+ currents. This may shorten the depolarizing phase of the presynaptic action potential and may reduce the entry of Ca2+ with each impulse. ER  - 
Use of ketoprofen as an antipyretic in cats; The antipyretic effectiveness of ketoprofen, a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug, was investigated in pyretic cats with a variety of bacterial and viral infections. Cats were randomly assigned to receive either a broad-spectrum antibiotic or a broad-spectrum antibiotic plus ketoprofen. Body temperature was monitored 3 times daily, and attitude and appetite were evaluated once daily. The treatment groups were compared with respect to mean body temperatures, using a one-way analysis of variance. Mean temperatures were significantly different (P < 0.05) during the 4 and 8 h post-treatment observations, with a reduction to normal temperatures in the ketoprofen group compared with no change in the group treated with antibiotics alone. The antipyretic effect of ketoprofen was rapid and persisted for at least 8 h, but for less than 24 h. The overall recovery period from pyrexia, depression, and inappetance was also shorter in cats treated with antibiotics and ketoprofen (3 d) than in cats treated only with antibiotics (5 d). Ketoprofen was a useful adjunct in the treatment of pyretic cats. ER  - 
Outbreaks of fowl cholera in Muscovy ducks (Cairina moschata) on a farm in Aomori Prefecture.; Outbreaks of a subacute disease characterized by lameness, corneal turbidity, dysstasia and depression occurred in Muscovy ducks (Cairina moschata) on a farm in Aomori Prefecture in February and May 1991. Nine strains of Pasteurella multocida were isolated from 5 to 6 dead ducks, and 4 of 8 ducks with clinical signs. Serotypes of the isolates were identified as Heddleston's serotype 1, 10 or 12 and Namioka's serotypes 5:A, 8:A, 9:A or 9:UT. These isolates were highly susceptible to 12 antibiotics, although, some of them were considerably resistant to chloramphenicol. Mouse LD50 values of the 9 isolates ranged from 10(1.0) to 10(5.3). The most virulent strain for the mouse killed 2 to 4 ducks when inoculated intramuscularly at a concentration of 10(3.3). This is the first report of outbreaks of fowl cholera in Muscovy ducks infected with various serotypes strains of P. multocida in Japan. ER  - 
Postantibiotic effect and virulence factors depression induced by ciprofloxacin and by aminoglycosides in a clinical isolate of Pseudomonas aeruginosa.; The postantibiotic effect (PAE) was induced in Pseudomonas aeruginosa by ciprofloxacin, tobramycin and netilmicin (2x or 4x MIC). A longer PAE was evoked by a higher concentration of antibiotics. The evaluation of Pseudomonas aeruginosa virulence factors after treatment with suprainhibitory concentrations of the antibiotics tested showed that a higher suppression of elastase activity was associated with a longer PAE. Elastase was suppressed more effectively than proteinase. The highest reduction of elastase and proteinase activity (to 24.9% and 76.4% of the control values) was observed after treatment with ciprofloxacin. ER  - 
Effects of α-methyl-para-tyrosine (AMPT) in drug-free depressed patients; A variety of biologic studies have demonstrated abnormal regulation of the norepinephrine (NE) system in patients with major depression, suggesting a role for NE in the etiology of depression. Brain NE and dopamine levels can be rapidly reduced by blocking synthesis with the tyrosine hydroxylase inhibitor α-methyl-para-tyrosine (AMPT). In the current investigation, AMPT was administered to drug-free depressed patients to evaluate the effect on mood of diminished catecholamine levels. Seventeen drug-free patients meeting DSM-III-R criteria for major depressive episode were tested with AMPT and an active placebo control, diphenhydramine. Testing was accomplished in a double-blind, crossover fashion, with random assignment to test conditions. Each test included baseline evaluation, 2 days with administration of either AMPT or diphenhydramine, and a follow-up day. Diphenhydramine was used as an active control because of the significant sedation associated with AMPT. Behavioral ratings, including visual analogue scales for a variety of feeling states, the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS), and plasma for 3-methoxy-4-hydroxyphenelethyleneglycol (MPHG) and homovanillic acid (HVA) levels, were obtained. AMPT significantly reduced plasma HVA by 70% and MHPG by 50%, but it had no significant effects on the DHRS. AMPT also significantly increased visual analogue ratings of 'tired' and decreased ratings of 'energetic'. Diphenhydramine significantly decreased HDRS scores, but the change was small and was not clinically apparent. The lack of AMPT effects on depressed mood, in conjunction with a prior report that large reductions in plasma tryptophan do not systematically alter depressed mood, indicate that monoamine deficiency by itself is insufficient explanation of the cause of depression. The role of the noradrenergic system needs to be considered in relationship to the many other neurobiologic factors that could be involved in the pathophysiology of depression. ER  - 
Synergistic effect of polyoxotungstates in combination with β-lactam antibiotics on antibacterial activity against methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus; The in vitro antibacterial effect of the combination of various polyoxometalates with β-lactam antibiotics on methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) strains is investigated by the use of both the National Committee for Clinical Laboratory Standards (NCCLS) disk method and the agar dilution method. Keggin-structural polyoxotungstates such as K7[PTi2W10O40] · 6H2O (5) and K7[BVW11O40] · 7H2O (8) and their lacunary species formulated by [XW11O39](n-) and [XW9O34](n-) potentiated the antibacterial activity of β-lactam antibiotics such as oxacillin, piperacillin and cefazolin on MRSA with high selectivity. The depression of bacterial growth with the coexistence of polyoxotungstates and oxacillin was confirmed by the measurement of the bacterial turbidity at 660 nm. Polyoxomolybdates and polyoxovanadates, on the other hand, exhibited hardly any synergisitic effect in combination with oxacillin. The sodium dodecyl sulfate polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis (SDS-PAGE) of the membrane proteins separated from MRSA revealed that polyoxotungstates depressed the formation of penicillin-binding protein 2' (PBP2'), an enzyme which is essential for cell wall construction in the MRSA growth. It is concluded that polyoxotungstates make the MRSA strains susceptible to β-lactam antibiotics. ER  - 
Clinical and biochemical effects of catecholamine depletion on antidepressant-induced remission of depression; Background: Most hypotheses of the therapeutic mechanism of action of antidepressant drugs have focused on the role of the monoamines. We examined the effect of catecholamine depletion on antidepressant-induced remission. Method: The tyrosine hydroxylase inhibitor α-methylparatyrosine and the antihistamine diphenhydramine hydrochloride were administered, during separate test sessions, to depressed patients in remission maintained with either norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (desipramine [n=7] or mazindol [n=2]) or serotonin reuptake inhibitors (fluoxetine hydrochloride [n=9] or sertraline hydrochloride [n=1]). Because of considerable sedation associated with α-methylparatyrosine testing, diphenhydramine was used as an active control rather than an inactive placebo. The effects of α-methylparatyrosine and diphenhydramine on depression, anxiety, and plasma catecholamine metabolites were assessed. Results: α-Methylparatyrosine produced similar significant decreases in plasma 3-methoxy-4-hydroxyphenyl-ethyleneglycol and homovanillic acid levels in the treatment groups. α-Methylparatyrosine produced a robust increase in depressive symptoms on the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale, including depressed mood, decreased concentration, anhedonia, loss of interest, and feelings of worthlessness, helplessness, and hopelessness, in the desipramine-mazindol but not in the fluoxetine- sertraline group. Diphenhydramine had no effects on mood in either treatment group. Conclusions: The therapeutic effects of norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors, but not serotonin reuptake inhibitors, are reversed by catecholamine depletion. Considered with previous reports that serotonin depletion produces depressive relapses in patients in remission maintained with serotonin reuptake inhibitors, but not norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors, these findings suggest that antidepressants may not work via a single monoamine-related mechanism. ER  - 
The selective neuronal NO synthase inhibitor 7-nitro-indazole blocks both long-term potentiation and depotentiation of field EPSPs in rat hippocampal CA1 in vivo; The membrane-permeant gas NO is a putative intercellular messenger that has been proposed on the basis of previous in vitro studies to be involved in synaptic plasticity, especially the induction of long-term potentiation (LTP) of excitatory synaptic transmission in the hippocampus and cortex. In the present study, the role of NO in synaptic plasticity has been investigated in vivo. In particular, the action of the novel and selective neuronal NO synthase (nNOS) inhibitor 7-nitro-indazole (7-NI) has been investigated on the induction of LTP and depotentiation (DP) of field EPSPs in CA1 of the hippocampus in vivo. Unlike previously studied nonselective NOS inhibitors, 7-NI does not increase arterial blood pressure. In vehicle-injected rats, high-frequency stimulation consisting of a series of trains at 200 Hz induced LTP. However, LTP induction was strongly inhibited in 7-NI (30 mg/kg, i.p.)- treated animals. The inhibitory effect of 7-NI on the induction of LTP was prevented by pretreatment with L-arginine, the substrate amino acid used by NOS. In control animals, low-frequency stimulation consisting of 900 stimuli at 10 Hz induced DP of previously established LTP, whereas in 7-NI-treated animals only a short-term depression was induced. This effect of 7-NI also was prevented by D-arginine. The LTP and DP induced in control animals in this study were NMDA receptor-dependent, the NMDA receptor antagonist 3- (R,S)-2-carboxypiperazin-4-yl-propyl-1-phosphonic acid inhibiting the induction of both forms of synaptic plasticity. The present experiments are the first to demonstrate that an NOS inhibitor blocks the induction of the synaptic component of LTP and DP in vivo and, there fore, these results strengthen evidence that the production of NO is necessary for the induction of LTP and DP. ER  - 
Tachykinin-induced increase in gastric mucosal resistance: Role of primary afferent neurons, CGRP, and NO; The tachykinins [Ala5,β-Ala8]neurokinin A-(4-10) |[Ala5,β- Ala8]NKA-(4-10)| and NKA-(4-10) dose dependently protected against ethanol- induced gastric mucosal damage in rats (half-maximal inhibitory dose, 46 and 48 nmol/kg, respectively). These effects were abolished by primary afferent nerve denervation, calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP) immunoneutralization, the CGRP receptor antagonist human (h) hCGRP-(8-37), and inhibition of nitric oxide (NO) biosynthesis by N(G)-nitro-L-arginine methyl ester. Tachykinin-induced protection occurred despite marked depression of gastric mucosal blood flow and was not associated with increased acid secretion. NK2-receptor blockade antagonized the protective effects of [Ala5,β-Ala8]NKA-(4-10) and NKA-(4-10), whereas NK1-receptor blockade was ineffective. Blockade of NK2 but not NK1 receptors prevented by 65% the protection evoked by topical capsaicin without affecting capsaicin-induced hyperemia. We conclude that the increase in gastric mucosal resistance evoked by tachykinins is NK2 receptor-mediated and involves primary afferent neurons, CGRP, and NO. Gastric mucosal hyperemia and increased acid secretion do not participate in the effect. Tachykinins activating NK2 receptors contribute to the increase in gastric mucosal resistance but not the increment in mucosal blood flow after primary afferent nerve stimulation by capsaicin. ER  - 
Lindane-induced elimination of gap junctional communication in rat uterine myocytes is mediated by an arachidonic acid-sensitive cAMP-independent mechanism; Previous studies by this laboratory showed that the pesticide lindane rapidly and potently inhibits gap junctional communication in myometrial smooth muscle cells. This study examined the possible role of cAMP or arachidonic acid in lindane's elimination of myometrial gap junctional communication. Lindane produced concentration-dependent increases in cAMP of 1.21, 2.94, 6.06, and 8.69 pmol/mg protein with 0.1, 1, 30, and 100 μM lindane, respectively, compared to solvent-treated controls (1.27 pmol/mg protein). Lindane also increased release of tritiated arachidonic acid to 342, 509, 852, 1236, 1639, and 4454 dpm/μg protein with 0.01, 0.1, 1, 10, and 100 μM lindane, respectively, compared to solvent controls (342 dpm/μg protein). Transfer of Lucifer Yellow dye was used as a measure of gap junctional communication. Both 8-br-cAMP (98, 97, 54, and 4% transfer seen with 0, 1, 10, and 100 μM cAMP) and arachidonic acid (98, 73, 54, 31, and 0% dye transfer for 0.1, 1, 10, 100, and 1000 nM arachidonic acid) depressed dye transfer in cultured myocytes. Although the adenylate cyclase inhibitor 2',3'-dideoxyadenosine completely reversed forskolin-induced depression of dye transfer (1 μM forskolin, 22% transfer), it had no effect with lindane, indicating that lindane's depression of dye transfer was independent of adenylate cyclase activation. Lindane's inhibition of dye transfer was effectively reversed by growing myometrial cells under arachidonic acid-free conditions in the presence of eicosapentaenoic acid, a fatty acid that competed with arachidonic acid for the sn-1,2 position of membrane phospholipids: 0, 15, 40, and 88% dye transfer occurred in the presence of 0.01, 0.1, 1, and 10 μM eicosapentaenoic acid with 30 μM lindane. This implies that arachidonic acid release may be a critical event associated with lindane's inhibition of gap junctional communication in uterine myocytes. ER  - 
Indomethacin, esculetin and nordihydroguaiaretic acid modify arachidonate biosynthesis in rat adrenocortical cells; We have studied the duration of the ACTH inhibition effect on the incorporation and transformation of [1-14 C] eicosatrienoic acid, in isolated adrenocortical cells of normal rats. The effect of esculetin, indomethacin and nordihydroguaiaretic acid alone, or in the presence of ACTH or diBucAMP on arachidonate biosynthesis was also investigated. AGTH and diBucAMP produced a significant inhibition in arachidonic acid biosynthesis. The inhibition produced by ACTH on Δ5 desaturating activity was considered to be a short-term effect. Nordihydroguaiaretic acid and esculetin provoked a depression in the uptake of 20:3 (n-6) acid and an inhibition in the formation of 20:4 (n-6) acid by adrenocortical cells. This effect was potentiated when the cells were currently treated with either ACTH or diBucAMP. Indomethacin produced no changes in the uptake of 20:3 (n-6) acid, while induced an increment on Δ5 desaturation activity. This effect would indicate that, normally, the metabolites produced by the cyclooxygenase pathway would operate by depressing arachidonic acid biosynthesis. Considering the negative regulation of the Δ5 desaturase activity system produced by ACTH through cAMP, and the positive modulation inferred by the results obtained in this work, it is possible to assume that there are, at least, two mechanisms that take place on 20:4 (n-6) acid formation. These mechanisms seem to work independently from one another and they probably interact when effecting a bi-directional control. ER  - 
Lithium therapy in the treatment of manic-depressive illness. Present status and future perspectives: A critical review; This article reviews critically the present status of lithium in the treatment and prophylaxis of manic-depressive illness compared to the two anticonvulsant drugs, carbamazepine and valproic acid. Lithium is used successfully ill the prophylaxis and treatment of manic-depression. The mechanism by which it exerts its effects is still not very clear. There is much evidence to indicate that lithium may exert its therapeutic action by interfering with the metabolism of phosphoinositides which play an important role in synaptic transmission. Because of lithium's narrow therapeutic/toxic ratio, blood concentration monitoring is crucial. Published data suggest that, compared to lithium, carbamazepine is similar in its relative specificity in treating mania. It is often faster in achieving its antimanic effects and best established as an alternative for patients not responding or intolerant to lithium. Carbamazepine is a good substitute for lithium when severe renal problems exclude the use of lithium. The therapeutic profile of valproic acid in manic-depression, although less extensively studied, appears to be similar to that of carbamazepine. As carbamazepine, it seems to be best indicated in patients with rapid cycles. Whereas lithium inhibits myo- inositol monophosphatase, carbamazepine shows a stimulating effect and valproic acid has no effect on this biochemical target. The implication of the inositol pathway in the pathogenesis of adverse effects, such as neurotoxicity and dermatological irritation, is discussed. A further understanding of this pathway is important for the future development of new lithium-like compounds in order to maximize the therapeutic benefits without the adverse effects. ER  - 
An audit of methotrexate and folic acid for rheumatoid arthritis. Experience from a teaching centre; We describe an audit of 158 patients with RA treated with weekly methotrexate and 5mg of folic acid 24 h later. Our aim was to assess the safety and efficacy of this regime in our hands compared with published clinical trials of methotrexate in RA, and to examine patient outcomes. Treatment improved ESR, but only 69% of patients continuing therapy for prolonged periods believed their arthritis to be better on treatment. Health Assessment Questionnaire and Hospital Anxiety and Depression questionnaire scores in prospectively studied patients were not significantly altered by treatment. Toxicity occurred frequently (59% in those continuing and 89% in those ceasing therapy) and cessation of therapy solely due to lack of efficacy was rare. The probability of patients continuing with methotrexate and folic acid after 1, 2, 3 and 4 yr was 87, 76, 74 and 74%, respectively, figures that are at the upper end of the reported range for methotrexate alone. ER  - 
The pharmacology of SCH 50911: A novel, orally-active GABA-B receptor antagonist; Experiments were conducted to characterize the pharmacology of SCH 50911 ((+)-5, 5-dimethyl-2-morpholineacetic acid hydrochloride), a structurally novel GABA-B receptor antagonist. Although more potent GABA-B antagonists have been reported, in this study SCH 50911 was compared with CGP 35348, a moderately potent and selective GABA-B antagonist with acceptable in vivo activity. SCH 50911 was more potent to inhibit the binding of GABA to the GABA-B receptor in rat brain (IC50 = 1.1 μM) than CGP 35348 (IC50 = 62 μM). SCH 50911 had no binding affinity for GABA-A, histamine H1, histamine H3, dopamine D1, dopamine D2, serotonin 5-HT2, or muscarinic m1, m2, or m4 receptors. However, SCH 50911 (IC50 = 2.2 μM) was active in a nonspecific muscarinic receptor binding assay, but was devoid of muscarinic agonist or antagonist activity in the isolated guinea pig ileum. SCH 50911 blocked inhibitory responses to baclofen of the guinea pig trachea in a competitive manner (pA2 = 5.8 ± 0.004). CGP 35348 was 19-fold less potent in this assay (pA2 = 4.6 ± 0.15). In vivo, SCH 50911 (ED50 = 2.9 mg kg-1, s.c.) and CGP 35348 (ED50 = 5.8 mg kg-1, s.c.) blocked the antitussive effects of baclofen in the guinea pig. In the cat, both SCH 50911 (10 mg kg-1, i.v.) and CGP 35348 (10 mg kg-1, i.v.) shifted the antitussive dose response relationship for baclofen to the right. Baclofen- induced respiratory depression was blocked by subcutaneous (ED50 = 0.63mg kg-1), intraperitoneal (ED50 = 1.9 mg kg50), or oral (ED50 = 3 mg kg-1) administration of SCH 50911. CGP 35348 also blocked the respiratory depressant effect of baclofen but was 3-9 fold less potent than SCH 50911 by these routes of administration. SCH 50911 (50 μg, i.c.v.) completely blocked respiratory depression by baclofen indicating activity at GABA-B receptors in the CNS. The (-) enantiomer of SCH 50911 was inactive as a GABA-B antagonist. SCH 50911 is a selective, competitive, and orally active GABA-B receptor antagonist. Both central and peripheral GABA-B receptors are blocked by SCH 50911 and this antagonist is more potent than CGP 35348. ER  - 
Coronary vasoconstriction is the most probable cause of death of rats intoxicated with botulinolysin, a hemolysin produced by Clostridium botulinum; The pathophysiology of lethal intoxication by botulinolysin (Blyn) was studied using anesthetized rats and isolated rat organs. Intravenous injection of 10,000 and 1000 hemolytic units (HU) of Blyn killed rats rapidly while 100 HU of the toxin did not. Congestion and edema of lungs were observed at autopsies of the rats killed by intoxication. Hemoglobinemia was obvious in rats injected with 1000 HU of Blyn but not in rats with 10,000 HU. Electrocardiograms of the intoxicated rats showed depression of T waves but not changes characteristic of hyperpotassemia. All the rats injected with the above doses of Blyn showed a rapid fall in arterial blood pressure (BP) immediately after the toxin injection, and BP soon recovered in rats injected with 100 HU, partially and transiently in rats with 1000 HU, and not in rats with 10,000 HU of Blyn. Perfusion of Blyn (1 HU/ml) to isolated rat hearts caused a rapid and marked increase in perfusion pressure and cessation of spontaneous heart beat. Acetylsalicylic acid (10-3 M) and quinacrine dihydrochloride (10-5 M) did not essentially influence the effects of Blyn on the isolated hearts, but verapamil (10-6 M) inhibited at least the initial increase in perfusion pressure elicited by Blyn. Spontaneous contractions of the isolated atria were little influenced by Blyn (60 HU/ml). Perfusion pressures of isolated kidneys, lungs and livers were also increased by Blyn (1 HU/ml). The results indicate that Blyn caused vasoconstriction but had little direct effect on myocardium. Based on the above findings, we conclude that coronary vasoconstriction elicited by direct action of Blyn causes acute cardiac dysfunction leading to systemic hypotension and death of the intoxicated animals. ER  - 
Transient myocardial dysfunction in a child with salicylate toxicity; Aspirin overdose may result in acid-base disturbances, electrolyte abnormalities, pulmonary edema, chemical hepatitis, seizures, and mental status alteration, but myocardial depression has not been reported following aspirin overdose in children. In addition to these more typical features, the 13-month-old boy reported here developed clinical, radiographic, and echocardiographic evidence of myocardial impairment with pulmonary edema and moderately severe global left ventricular dysfunction (estimated shortening fraction of 23%). Complete resolution of the myocardial dysfunction was demonstrated on follow-up echocardiography as the child recovered from the aspirin intoxication. This case suggests that myocardial dysfunction can occur as a result of toxic aspirin ingestion, and that it may contribute to salicylate-induced pulmonary edema. ER  - 
Inhibitors of NO synthase and guanylate cyclase block modulatory effects of 15-HETE on plasticity of acetylcholine receptors on Helix lucorum neurons; Probable participation of two second messengers, NO and cGMP, in short- and long-latent effects of 15(S)-hydroxy-(5Z, 8Z, 11Z, 13E)-eicosatetraenoic acid (15-HETE, acyclic eicosanoid) on plasticity of somatic acetylcholine receptors on identified neurons of Helix lucorum was studied using two-electrode voltage clamp technique. It was shown that inhibitor of NO synthase N(ω)-Methyl-L-Arginine and inhibitors of soluble guanylate cyclase LY-83,583 and methylene blue disturbed short- and long-latent modulatory effects of 15-HETE on depression depth of the inward current evoked by rhythmic acetylcholine application on the neuron soma. We suppose that NO and cGMP participate in short- and long-latent effects of 15-HETE on plasticity of acetylcholine receptors. ER  - 
A case of severe legionellosis following abuse of anti-inflammatory drugs (anti-phlogistics) - Diagnostic and intensive-treatment aspects based on a case report; Legionella infections are getting increasingly important as causes of severe pneumonias or of acute respiratory insufficiency. Consumptive or immunosuppressive underlying diseases such as diabetes mellitus, cardiac insufficiency, alcohol-induced liver damage, malignant tumours or drug-induced immunosuppression after organ transplantation, are among the risk factors. Diagnosis is based on direct identification of the pathogen from body secretions by means of direct immunofluorescence. The serological immunoresponse often takes place long after outbreak of the disease or fails entirely to appear and is therefore only suitable for retrospective confirmation. Therapy of choice is an intravenous administration of erythromycin. There are now increasing pointers to the efficiency of fluoroquinolone antibiotics, such as ciprofloxacin. We report on the course of a severe case of Legionnaire's disease with multiple organ failure occurring in a patient after bone marrow depression induced by antiinflammatory drugs. Treatment erythromycin resulted in a marked cholestasis, so that antibiotic treatment was changed to ciprofloxacin. This therapy as well as the supportive intensive-care treatment eventually led to the patient's complete recovery. Based on the case report, fundamental aspects of diagnostics, antibiotic treatment, intensive-care treatment and prognosis of severe cases of legionellosis are discussed. ER  - 
Circulatory and respiratory effects of an hypoxic stress in the Siberian sturgeon; Changes in circulatory, ventilatory and acid-base variables were studied in Siberian sturgeon (Acipenser baeri) exposed to acute and severe hypoxia (Pw(O2) = 10 torr), followed by a rapid return to normoxia. This treatment caused a significant stress, revealed by the high levels of plasma catecholamines and cortisol. The moderate circulatory changes firstly observed would represent the effects of increased plasma catecholamine levels together with an increased adrenergic nervous tone on the cardiovascular system. Then, these effects were masked by a possible vagal reflex resulting in bradycardia. Deep hypoxia induced a ventilatory alkalosis combined with a moderate metabolic acidosis. The latter amplified concomitantly with a massive flush of lactate into the blood stream. The initial hyperventilation was followed by a deep ventilatory depression. During return to normoxia, hyperventilation resumed consistent with the repayment of an oxygen debt. Thus, the sturgeon, although considered as an archaic fish, developed the same adaptative responses as teleosts submitted to comparable hypoxic conditions. ER  - 
Cephalosporins are scavengers of hypochlorous acid; Potential scavenging properties of cephalosporins (i.e. cefamandole, cefotaxime and ceftriaxone) towards hypochlorous acid (HOCl) as well as the antibacterial activity of control and HOCl-reacted antibiotics were investigated. We found that these drugs, at therapeutically relevant concentrations, are indeed scavengers of HOCl, with ceftriaxone showing the highest anti-HOCl capacity. However, the efficiency of cephalosporins in protecting biological molecules is also related to the chemical identity of such molecules. Indeed, the polyenoic compound β-carotene is much better protected than the thiol compound GSH against HOCl attack. Moreover, the drugs do not appear to form chloramine derivatives as a result of their reaction with HOCl, and they inhibit taurine-chloramine formation. After HOCl challenge, the antibacterial activity of cefamandole, cefotaxime and ceftriaxone (tested against the standard strain Escherichia coli ATCC 25922) is approx. 8-, 5- and 4-fold lower, respectively, than that of the HOCl-unreacted antibiotics. The depression of the antibacterial activity of cephalosporins appears inversely related to their HOCl scavenging capacity, suggesting that the drug antioxidant groups may protect the β-lactam ring against HOCl attack. In conclusion, physiological biomolecules are protected by cephalosporins against HOCl-driven oxidative injury with varying efficiency, this antioxidant defence being a consequence of a direct drug scavenging capacity towards HOCl. The interaction of cephalosporins with HOCl, however, results in a depression of their antibacterial activity. ER  - 
Delirium probably induced by clarithromycin in a patient receiving fluoxetine; BACKGROUND: Clarithromycin is a macrolide antibiotic very similar to erythromycin in structure and spectrum of activity. It has gained increasing use since its release in Canada in May 1992, partly because it is promoted as having less potential for drug interactions and adverse effects. However, as with all new meditations, a high degree of vigilance for unreported adverse effects is advisable. CASE SUMMARY: A healthy 53-year-old lawyer was receiving long term fluoxetine 80 mg hs and nitrazepam 10 mg hs for depression and mild sleep apnea. Subsequent to initiation of treatment with clarithromycin for a respiratory infection, he rapidly developed delirium, which cleared quickly after stopping all 3 medications. The delirium and psychosis did not recur when the infection was treated with erythromycin alone or after restarting fluoxetine and nitrazepam therapy at previous dosages in the absence of antibiotics. DISCUSSION: This man's delirium is consistent with fluoxetine intoxication, which appears to have resulted from inhibition of hepatic cytochrome P450 metabolism by clarithromycin. Undiagnosed, this serious drug reaction could have lead to serious medical and social consequences. CONCLUSIONS: As the use of clarithromycin increases, the potential for interactions with other drugs metabolized by the P450 enzyme system may be realized. Clinicians should consider which other medications a patient is receiving before prescribing clarithromycin or any macrolide antibiotic with potential to influence the P450 system. ER  - 
Treatment of severely burned children in a paediaric intensive care unit; All burn injuries involving more than 10% of the total body surfaces in children necessitate immediate fluid replacement. Such patients should be admitted to a hospital with an intensive care unit specialized in dealing with such accidents. Fluid replacement should be started, with administration of an isotonic electrolyte solution, such as lactated Ringer's, to avoid severe burn shock. Several other fluid replacement protocols have been proposed. Controversy exists as to whether a hypertonic or hypotonic solution should be used and whether or not colloid should be added to these solutions. The findings of controlled studies have not shown any differences with regard to morbidity or mortality. Dextran solution helps to stabilize the circulation during the first few hours. In addition, albumin should be given from 8 to 24 h post-injury. Most burned children require central venous catheters for intravenous fluid supplementation. The adequacy of fluid replacement must be assessed by a variety of clinical parameters, beginning with urinary excretion of above 0.5-1.0 ml/kg per hour. Acute management of burned children includes adequate analgesia with potent drugs. Opioids or ketamine should be given to avoid pain and pain-related depression of the circulation. Adequate intensive care of inhalation trauma, sepsis, prevention of multi-organ failure, early enteral feeding and limited prophylactic use of antibiotics can reduce mortality in these severely ill children. ER  - 
Suspension therapy in acute schizophrenia: Clinical and neuroendocrine/biochemical effects of abrupt discontinuation of neuroleptic medication; 22 acutely schizophrenic patients with partial remission under standard haloperidol therapy (reduction in BPRS total score by 50% or less) were included in this prospective study. There was a significant correlation between the BPRS total score or the BPRS factors Anxiety/depression and Anergia and extrapyramidal side effects at the end of the 3-week neuroleptic treatment phase. In these patients abrupt discontinuation of neuroleptic medication (suspension therapy) brings about a significant further reduction in BPRS total scores together with a favorable effect on the BPRS factors Anxiety/ depression, Anergia and Thought disturbance. There was a trend towards low serum prolactin values before neuroleptic discontinuation being linked with a favorable effect of subsequent suspension therapy. Urinary dopamine and homovanillic acid excretion before neuroleptic discontinuation did not predict the clinical suspension effect. Thus peripheral neuroendocrine and biochemical effects of haloperidol-induced dopamine blockade and their changes after discontinuation of neuroleptic medication seem not to be linked with the clinical effect of suspension therapy in acute schizophrenia. There was, however, a significant relationship between low urinary epinephrine, norepinephrine, vanillylmandelic acid and cortisol excretion before suspension therapy and a favorable suspension effect. On the other hand, the more pronounced a nonspecific stress constellation (catecholamines, cortisol) was in patients with an unsatisfactory remission under neuroleptics, the less favorable was the clinical effect of suspension therapy. Until now, the treatment courses of suspension therapy have been evaluated in 43 schizophrenic patients. According to both clinical aspects and observer rating, three types of therapeutic suspension effects have been distinguished in one-third of the cases respectively: none (at best temporary remission, no improvement in the overall treatment situation); partial (substantial remission, neuroleptic medication resumed for therapeutic reasons), and favorable (almost complete remission, neuroleptic medication resumed for prophylactic reasons). ER  - 
Trait shyness in the elderly: Evidence for an association with Parkinson's disease in family members and biochemical correlates; The emergence of potential treatments to slow the progression of idiopathic Parkinson's disease (PD) has increased the need for early identification of persons at risk. Although considered controversial, some prior studies indicate that PD patients may have premorbid histories of greater trait introversion or shyness as well as increased rates of disorders associated with shyness (e.g., anxiety, affective disorders, and irritable bowel syndrome). Essential features of trait shyness include (a) inhibited and avoidant behaviors and (b) physiological hyperreactivity to the novel or unfamiliar. In parallel, (a) depression in PD patients is associated with increased harm avoidance (a possible serotonergic function), and (b) PD patients have premorbid and comorbid decreases in novelty-seeking (a possible dopaminergic function). Taken together, previous research suggests the following hypotheses: (1) given evidence for marked heritability of shyness, shy elderly should report higher rates of PD in their family members than would nonshy elderly; and (2) shy elderly without PD should exhibit psychological and biologic characteristics similar to those reported in PD. Two groups, representing the top 27% (n = 37) and bottom 31% (n = 43) of scores on a standardized shyness scale, were drawn from a larger cohort of 138 older adults (ages 50-90) living in an active retirement community. Seventeen percent of the shy versus 2% of the nonshy reported PD in a family member or self (P < .05). Shy elderly were significantly more anxious (P < .01) and depressed (P < .05) than were the nonshy. Shy subjects rated themselves significantly higher on feeling ill from the odor of environmental chemicals (pesticide, car exhaust, paint, perfume, new carpet) than did the nonshy group. In a separate study of non-PD patients, depressed elderly with self-reported childhood shyness in themselves (n = 7) showed higher levels than did depressed elderly without childhood shyness (n = 7) of plasma L-cysteine (P = .05), the sulfurated amino acid previously shown to be elevated in PD patients, as well as of post-dexamethasone plasma cortisol (P < .05). The findings support the hypotheses and suggest the need for additional investigation of the neurobiology of trait shyness as a possible risk factor for PD. ER  - 
Tianeptine: A review of its pharmacodynamic and pharmacokinetic properties, and therapeutic efficacy in depression and coexisting anxiety and depression; Tianeptine is a novel antidepressant agent, both structurally (modified tricyclic) and in terms of its pharmacodynamic profile. Unlike other antidepressant agents, tianeptine stimulates the uptake of serotonin (5-hydroxytryptamine; 5-HT) in rat brain synaptosomes and rat and human platelets, increases 5-hydroxyindoleacetic acid (5-HIAA) levels in cerebral tissue and plasma, and reduces serotonergic-induced behaviour. Tianeptine reduces the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal response to stress, antagonises stress-induced behavioural deficits and prevents changes in cerebral morphology. The antidepressant efficacy of tianeptine, as shown in 2 trials of patients with major depression or depressed bipolar disorder with or without melancholia, is greater than that of placebo. In patients with major depression without melancholia or psychotic features, depressed bipolar disorder or dysthymic disorder, the antidepressant efficacy of short term (4 weeks to 3 months) tianeptine therapy appears to be similar to that of amitriptyline, imipramine and fluoxetine and may be superior to that of maprotiline in patients with coexisting depression and anxiety. However, submaximal dosages of amitriptyline and maprotiline were used in these studies. Preliminary evidence suggests that tianeptine may also be effective in patients with endogenous depression. Progressive therapeutic improvements have been observed with up to 1 year of tianeptine treatment, and long term therapy may reduce the rate of relapse or recurrence. Tianeptine is effective in the treatment of depression in elderly and post-alcohol-withdrawal patient subgroups. Tianeptine was more effective in reducing psychic anxiety than placebo in patients with major depression or depressed bipolar disorder with or without melancholia. The overall anxiolytic properties of tianeptine in patients with co-existing depression and anxiety appear to be similar to hose of amitriptyline, imipramine and fluoxetine and may be superior to those of maprotiline, although submaximal dosages of amitriptyline and maprotiline were used. Studies of tianeptine in patients with primary anxiety have not been conducted. Tianeptine is well tolerated in the short (3 months) and long (up to 1 year) term. The incidence of dry mouth (38 vs 20%), constipation (19 vs 15%), dizziness/syncope (23 vs l3%), drowsiness (17 vs 10%) and postural hypotension (8 vs 3%) are greater with amitriptyline than with tianeptine. Insomnia and nightmares occur in more tianeptine than amitriptyline recipients (20 vs 7%). The relative lack of sedative, anticholinergic and cardiovascular adverse effects with tianeptine makes it particularly suitable for use in the elderly and in patients following alcohol withdrawal; these patients are known to have increased sensitivity to the adverse effects associated with psychotropic drugs. Discontinuation of tianeptine has not been associated with a withdrawal syndrome, and no deaths from overdosage have been reported. Thus, tianeptine is a unique antidepressant agent that increases the reuptake of serotonin while paradoxically having well documented therapeutic activity compared with other antidepressant agents. Tianeptine also has anxiolytic properties in patients with coexisting depression and anxiety, and appears to have a more favourable tolerability profile than amitriptyline in terms of anticholinergic, sedative and cardiovascular adverse effects. These properties may be particularly useful in patients with coexisting anxiety and depression, and in the elderly and patients withdrawing from the effects of alcohol. ER  - 
The effect of long-term antibiotic therapy upon ciliary beat frequency in chronic rhinosinusitis; The mucociliary escalator is the first line of defence of the upper and lower respiratory tracts (Greenstone and Cole, 1985; Sleigh et al., 1988). Failure of mucociliary clearance is associated with chronic or recurrent respiratory tract infection. Ten patients with chronic rhinosinusitis underwent nasal brushings for the assessment of ciliary beat frequency. In two no beating cilia were seen; in the remainder the mean value was 9.3Hz ± 2.3;range 6.1-12.8 Hz (n=8). Following three months continuous oral antibiotic therapy repeat nasal brushings demonstrated increased ciliary beat frequencies in all patients, mean value 13.7 Hz ± 1.6; range 11.5-16.3 Hz (n = 10); (p < 0.01; paired t-test). Depression of mucociliary clearance can occur secondarily to chronic infection and is improved by prolonged antibiotics. ER  - 
Antioxidant defenses and metabolic depression in a pulmonate land snail; During arousal from estivation oxygen consumption by land snails (Otala lactea) increases severalfold. To determine whether snails prepared for an accompanying rise in the rates of oxyradical generation by altering their antioxidant defense mechanisms, changes in the activities of antioxidant enzymes and lipid peroxidation products were quantified in foot and hepatopancreas of control, 30-day estivating, and aroused snails. Compared with controls, estivating O. lactea showed significant increases in the activities of foot muscle superoxide dismutase (SOD) (increasing by 56-67%), catalase (51-72%), and glutathione S-transferase (79-108%), whereas, in hepatopancreas, SOD (57-78%) and glutathione peroxidase (93-144%) increased. Within 40 min after arousal began, hepatopancreas glutathione peroxidase activity had returned to control values, but SOD showed a further 70% increase in activity but then returned to control levels by 80 min. Estivation had no effect on total glutathione (GSH + 2 GSSG) concentrations in tissues, but GSSG content had increased about twofold in both organs of 30-day dormant snails. Lipid peroxidation (quantified as thiobarbituric acid reactive substances) was significantly enhanced at the onset of arousal from dormancy, indicating that oxidative stress and tissue damage occurred at this time. The data suggest that antioxidant defenses in snail organs are increased while snails are in the hypometabolic state as a preparation for oxidative stress during arousal. ER  - 
Studies on isotonicity of parenterals; Osmoticity and sodium chloride equivalents of solutions of ketorolac tromethamine and isoniazid at various concentrations were determined by freezing point depression method and the osmolality values were confirmed by using OSMOMAT 030 osmometer. The iso-osmotic solutions of these drugs were tested for isotonicity using red blood cells (RBC) hemolysis method developed by Husa et al. The diffusion of ketorolac tromethamine and 'isoniazid' across the RBC membrane has been shown as the cause of hemolysis of human RBC even in the iso-osmotic solutions of these drugs. The addition of amino acids such as glycine, alanine, lysine and aspartic acid decreased the percent hemolysis and this has been attributed to the adsorption of amino acids on the cell membrane. ER  - 
Total hip replacement - The anaesthesiological point of view; Total hip replacement is a frequently practised operation. Depending on age, circumstances and individual assessment, cemented, non-cemented and hybrid forms are used. Apart from general risks, such as vascular and/or neural injuries, thrombosis and infections, there are specific risks, depending on the surgical technique. If cemented systems are used, the anesthesiologist must be on the alert in respect of a possible multi-causal cardiopulmonary depression during the implantation of the prosthesis. Incidents may be reduced or moderated by measures such as reduction of pressure from the femoral cavity or anesthetic measures such as avoidance of N2O during or after cementation, use of anti-histamins, etc., but there is no absolute protection from severe reactions by the cardiopulmonary system. In these cases it is imperative to recognise and treat hypoxic conditions immediately, whatever the cause, such as cardiac or pulmonary depression. If a non-cemented hip replacement is used or a revision is necessary the main problem is usually a higher blood loss. Especially in such cases it is necessary to apply a well-organised sequence of blood-saving methods to protect patients from the general risks of homologous blood transfusion. Even though the main concern of the public is the possibility of contamination of donor blood with the AIDS virus, transmission of hepatitis C virus is a much more common problem. Depending on the diagnostic methods the occurrence of thrombosis after total hip replacement has been reported to be as much as 55%. To minimise this high incidence, sufficient prophylaxis, adequate fluid therapy, suitable anesthetic techniques and cutting down on the duration of the operation should be taken into account. The use of low molecular weight heparins has certain advantages. If deep vein thrombosis has occurred, therapy consists of anticoagulation with intravenous heparin and immobilisation. A rare but severe complication is a deep hip prosthetic infection. More than 50% of infections are caused by coagulase-negative staphylococci and anaerobic bacteria. To avoid sepsis it is imperative to employ adequate high-dosage antibiotics, revisional surgery and, if necessary, even excision arthroplasty. There is no 'ideal' anesthesiological method for total hip replacement. Regional techniques as well as general anesthesia have their specific pros and cons which are controversially discussed in respect of their priority. To achieve early diagnosis of embolism, especially in the case of high risk patients, the exigency of extensive haemodynamic monitoring as well as Doppler-ultrasound is discussed. Postoperative treatment in an intensive-care unit should be guaranteed after total hip replacement with high blood loss or in high-risk patients. ER  - 
Clinical aspects of systemic and localized scleroderma; Continued efforts are being made to better define the clinical course, disease subsets, and predictors of outcome in scleroderma. Data suggest that the course of the skin disease is triphasic, with the most active thickening phase in the first 12 months of disease. The presence of specific autoantibodies may predict clinical course more precisely than any clinical feature. Antipolymerase I, II, and III antibodies seem specific for scleroderma and, if present, may predict aggressive disease. Early detection of lung involvement provides an opportunity to select patients who may be responsive to drug treatment. Renal crisis in scleroderma is still important and may occur in the absence of significant signs of cutaneous fibrosis. Renin plasma levels do not appear helpful in predicting renal crisis. Significant gastrointestinal reflux disease with delayed acid clearance and esophagitis is associated with aperistalsis of the lower esophagus. Evidence for widespread structural and functional abnormalities of the microvascular circulation have been reemphasized. The psychosocial impact of scleroderma has been studied, demonstrating both the importance of depression and the need for social support. The etiology of localized scleroderma remains unknown despite efforts to link these lesions to Borrelia burgdorferi infection. ER  - 
Localized Sweet's syndrome; A 73-year-old women developed an inflammatory tumor on her right cheek within 3 weeks. The lesion measured more than 7 cm in diameter, contained a central crateriform depression and was studded with several sterile pustules. Histology showed a dense dermal infiltration of neutrophils, but no leukocytoclasia or destruction of dermal tissue. There was no associated leukocytosis or fever, but the patient suffered from recurrent chronic bronchitis. Because the acute inflammation was progressive under treatment with antibiotics, high-dose corticosteroids were given systemically. The tumor regressed quickly and resolved without scarring. Although this localized Sweet's syndrome is unusual, it fullfills several major and minor criteria of Sweet's syndrome and thus represents a rare form of this disease. ER  - 
Involvement of arachidonic acid cascade products in noradrenaline-induced contraction of the aorta from WKY and SHRSP; The endothelium controls vascular smooth muscle contractions by releasing contracting (EDCF) and relaxing factors (EDCF). Some of these factors are synthesized from arachidonic acid through the cyclooxygenase pathway. We studied effects of indomethacin, a cyclooxygenase inhibitor on endothelium-dependent contraction and relaxation in the aorta of WKY and SHRSP. Noradrenaline-induced contractions were depressed by indomethacin and the depression was greater in the preparation from SHRSP than that from WKY. L-nitro arginine potentiated the contraction and attenuated the effect of indomethacin. These results suggest that NO is involved in the action of vasoactive arachidonic acid cascade products. The degree of involvement may differ between WKY and SHRSP aorta. ER  - 
Intermolecular interactions in blends of hyaluronic acid with poly(vinyl alcohol) and ethylene-vinyl alcohol copolymers; Films from blends of hyaluronic acid with poly(vinyl alcohol) and with ethylene-vinyl alcohol copolymers were prepared from solutions in water and dimethylsulfoxide by a casting method. The study of the interactions between the natural and synthetic component has been carried out through thermal and morphological analysis. The results show that the crystallinity of poly(vinyl alcohol) and its copolymers decreases with increasing hyaluronic acid content and these crystallizable polymers exhibit no tendency to crystallize when hyaluronic acid content is more than 80 wt%. The relatively good miscibility in these blends may be due to the capacity of the natural and synthetic component, each with abundant hydroxyl groups, to interact mutually through hydrogen bonding. The presence of such interactions was supported by the observation of the melting point depression of the synthetic component in thermal analysis of the blends. Melting point depression was more accentuated in melt recrystallized blends. These results suggest that the interactions between the two polymers are enhanced if the blends are brought close to the melting point of the synthetic component.
General pharmacology of DA-125, a new anthracycline anticancer agent; The general pharmacological effects of a new anthracycline anticancer agent, DA-125 [7-0-(2,6-dideoxy-2-fluoro-α-L-talopyranosyl)-adriamycinone-14-β-ala ninate · HCl] were investigated in mice, rats, guinea pigs, rabbits and dogs. Intravenous administration of DA-125 presented no significant effects on the central and peripheral nervous systems of ICR mice except a decrease in the numbers of acetic acid-induced writhing response at a dose of 10 mg/kg. In anesthetized rats and dogs, DA-125 produced a transient depression of blood pressure and an increase in heart rate, but did not affect the peripheral blood flow in the isolated ear vessels of rabbits and the mechanical functions of the isolated hearts of guinea pigs. No significant effects were observed on the gastrointestinal functions and the contractilities of smooth muscle preparations obtained from guinea pig trachea, rabbit ileum, pregnant and non-pregnant uterus and vas deferens of rats. DA-125 increased the contractility of the isolated ileum of guinea pigs in a dose range of 10-6~10-9 g/ml, and also increased, but weaker than adriamycin, the vascular permeability in rat skin. DA-125 had no effect on the kallikrein-induced increase in permeability and the permeability of the visceral organs. DA-125 did not adversely affect the liver function and the blood coagulation system, and did not induce hemolysis in vitro. It is concluded from the results that the general pharmacological effects of DA-125 are similar to or weaker than those of adriamycin, and that little adverse effects are anticipated with a therapeutic dose range. ER  - 
Principles and clinical applications of periodontal controlled drug delivery with tetracycline fibers.; Controlled drug delivery of antibiotics in the periodontal pocket is a scientifically tested clinical reality. Application of pharmacokinetic principles allows effective suppression of the pathogenic microflora, which, in turn, results in resolution of inflammatory signs. In the cases presented, tetracycline fibers were employed as a supplement to mechanical therapy and oral hygiene in a variety of clinical situations. Outcomes included depression of periodontal pathogens, reduction of bleeding on probing, decrease in probing pocket depths, and increase in probing attachment levels. A novel therapeutic approach based on root planing for debridement, local drug delivery for control of the pathogens, and oral hygiene for preventing recolonization is discussed. ER  - 
Selective effect of a diet-induced decrease in the arachidonic acid membrane-phospholipid content on in vitro phospholipase C and adenylate cyclase-mediated pituitary response to angiotensin II; Young rats were fed on an essential fatty acid (EFA)-deprived diet for 6 weeks after weaning. Their pituitary was removed and adenohypophyseal cells dispersed and maintained in culture. Membrane lipids were analyzed and basal and stimulated levels of hormone secretion were measured after 4-day incubation in a culture medium containing or not 160 μM arachidonic acid 20:4n-6 (AA) in order to obtain EFA-deficient or EFA-restored pituitary cells, respectively. In EFA-deficient cells membrane phosphoglycerides (PGL) were depleted in AA and adrenic acid 22:4n-6; the deficit was overcome by incubation in the presence of AA. Depletion diversely affected PGL classes. AA was highly depleted in choline phosphoglycerides (ChoPG), only moderately depleted in serine and ethanolamine phosphoglycerides (SerPG and EtnPG) and not depleted at all in inositol phosphoglycerides, suggesting preferential presentation of AA in that class of PGL. Restoration of AA by addition of the fatty acid to the culture medium was complete for ChoPG and EtnPG and only partial for SerPG. Depressed levels of AA and adrenic acid in PGL were compensated for by a concomitant increase in 20:3n-9 and 22:3n-9. Growth hormone and prolactin (PRL) secretion was assessed by radioimmunoassay and possible effects of a membrane AA deficit on hormone regulation were tested in cells challenged by either growth hormone-releasing hormone thyrotropin-releasing hormone, angiotensin II (AII), vasoactive intestinal peptide (VIP) or dopamine. Neither basal nor stimulated growth hormone secretion was different from controls in EFA-deficient cells. PRL modulation by VIP or dopamine was not affected either in EFA-deficient cells. In contrast, the capacity of AII, but not of thyrotropin-releasing hormone, to release PRL was markedly decreased in EFA-deprived cells. It was restored by addition of AA to the incubation medium. Parallel depression of AII-induced inositol phosphates and cAMP accumulation was also observed after EFA deficiency. When tested on membranes, the paradoxical inhibition of adenylate cyclase by AII documented by previous observations was reinforced in EFA-deficient membranes. In contrast, binding of AII was not affected by EFA deficiency. It is concluded that under our experimental conditions EFA deficiency affects selectively coupling of the AII receptor to its effectors without alteration of binding. The effect could involve changes in receptor interactions with coupling proteins. ER  - 
Dirofilaria immitis: Depression of endothelium-dependent relaxation of canine femoral artery seen in vivo does not persist in vitro.; In heartworm-infected dogs, circulating filarial factors appear to be responsible for the seasonal depression of endothelium-dependent responses seen in the in vivo femoral artery. The effect of heartworm infection on vascular responses of the femoral artery in vitro, when the vessel is not constantly exposed to circulating factors, is unknown. Experiments were designed to test the hypothesis that in vivo exposure to circulating filarial factors leads to changes in the magnitude and mechanism of endothelium-dependent relaxation that are demonstrable in vitro. Rings of femoral artery from heartworm-infected and noninfected control dogs were suspended in muscle baths, and dose-response relationships to endothelium-dependent (methacholine) and -independent (sodium nitroprusside) vasodilators were done. To determine the mechanism of relaxation, dose-response relationships were also done in the presence of an inhibitor of nitric oxide synthase (L-NAME), an inhibitor of guanylate cyclase (methylene blue), or an inhibitor of cyclooxygenase (mefenamic acid). Heartworm infection did not depress endothelium-dependent relaxation of the femoral artery in vitro. Furthermore, the mechanism of relaxation in heartworm and control femoral artery is identical. These data suggest that the effect of circulating filarial factors that alter the magnitude and mechanism of relaxation in systemic vessels in heartworm-infected dogs rapidly disappears in their absence. This result has important bearing on the dynamics of heartworm-induced pathophysiological changes during infection and could influence the nature and chronology of responses to therapy. ER  - 
α1-Adrenoceptors in rat dorsal raphe neurons: Regulation of two potassium conductances; 1. α1-Adrenoceptor activation caused two separate effects in rat dorsal raphe neurons: a depolarization and an increase in the duration of the after-hyperpolarization following the action potential. The depolarization often resulted in repetitive action potentials. The α1-adrenoceptor antagonists prazosin and WB 4101 blocked the depolarization induced by phenylephrine. The concentration-response curve to phenylephrine was shifted to the right by WB 4101. 2. Under voltage clamp, α1-adrenoceptor agonists caused an inward current at -60 mV, which often became smaller at negative potentials but rarely reversed polarity even at strongly negative potentials. Using whole-cell recording, the inward current reversed polarity at the equilibrium potential for potassium in the majority of cells. Intracellular Cs+ decreased or abolished the α1-mediated inward current. The inward current was dependent on external calcium, but not on the degree of internal calcium buffering. Removal of external calcium or addition of MgCl2, CoCl2 or CdCl2 reduced or blocked the effects of α1-adrenoceptor agonists. Barium and strontium supported and even augmented the inward current induced by α1-adrenoceptor agonists, whereas nifedipine and ω-conous toxin had no effect. In contrast, internal dialysis with the calcium chelator 1,2-bis(O-aminophenoxy)ethane-N,N,N'N'-tetraacetic acid (BAPTA) did not inhibit the inward current. 3. The α1-induced depolarization was blocked (or occluded) by the inclusion of GTP-γ-S (100 μM) in the recording pipette. The phorbol-ester 4-phorbol 12,13-dibutyrate (PDBu) had no action on the membrane potential and depressed the phenylephrine-induced depolarization. This depression was reversed by the non-selective protein kinase inhibitor staurosporin. 4. Phenylephrine and noradrenaline increased a late component of the after-hyperpolarization (late-AHP) that followed a single action potential. The α1-sensitive late-AHP was blocked by apamine suggesting that it is a calcium-dependent potassium conductance. 5. Thapsigargin reduced the duration of the late-AHP and blocked the phenylephrine-mediated prolongation. Caffeine also augmented the late-AHP and ryanodine blocked the augmentation induced by caffeine. The augmentation induced by phenylephrine was not occluded by caffeine and was still present after the caffeine-induced augmentation was blocked by ryanodine. 6. In slices pretreated with manoalide the depolarization induced by α1-agonists was not changed; however, the late-AHP was reduced in duration and the α1-receptor-mediated augmentation of the late-AHP was decreased. 7. The results suggest that the depolarization of dorsal raphe neurons by α1-adrenoceptor activation is through a decrease in potassium conductance that is independent of the activation of the phospholipase C pathway. The augmentation of the late-AHP is mediated by release of calcium from intracellular stores and may serve to regulate activity during the depolarization induced by α1-adrenoceptor activation. ER  - 
Oxygen free radicals and cardiac depression; The present investigation deals with the in vivo effects of oxygen free radicals (OFRs) in the absence and presence of scavengers of OFRs (superoxide dismutase, SOD, and catalase) on the cardiac function and contractility and with the in vitro effects of exogenous OFRs and various pH and pO2 on the release of acid hydrolases from dog myocardial lysosomes. The hemodynamic measurements were made before and at various intervals after administration of OFRs for up to 2 h. Xanthine plus xanthine oxidase (X-XO) and opsonized zymosan were used to generate OFRs. Oxygen free radicals produced a decrease in the cardiac function and indices of myocardial contractility. SOD alone or in combination with catalase tended to protect the cardiac function against the deleterious effects of OFRs. There was about a threefold increase in the release of cathepsin D activity in vitro from the lysosomes in the preparations treated with X-XO as compared to those without such treatment. The presence of SOD prevented the release of cathepsin D from the lysosomes. The changes in pH (4.5, 5.5, 6.0, 6.5, 7.4, 8.0) alone did not cause any increase in the enzyme release. However, the presence of OFRs at each pH resulted in a similar increase (about threefold) in the release of cathepsin D. Similarly the changes in pO2 alone did not cause the release of cathepsin D, but there were marked increases in the release of cathepsin D at each pO2 in the presence of OFRs. These data indicate that it is the oxygen free radicals and not the alterations in pH or pO2 that are primarily responsible for the release of lysosomal hydrolases. OFRs, in addition to their direct myocardial damaging effect, may also be responsible for the cardiac damage through the release of lysosomal enzymes. These results suggest that OFRs are a cardiac depressant in addition to causing cellular damage. Scavengers of OFRs may be beneficial in counteracting the deleterious effects of OFRs on the hemodynamic parameters and cellular integrity. ER  - 
High-dose glucocorticoids in multiple sclerosis patients exert direct effects on the kidney and skeleton; The effects of acute pharmacologic steroid treatment on skeletal and mineral metabolism were assessed in 56 multiple sclerosis patients who were to receive 1 g intravenous methylprednisolone for 10 days, followed by a 4 day intravenous and 28 day oral glucocorticoid taper. Serum and urine samples were obtained at baseline and then within 3 days, 1, 2, and 3 weeks after beginning steroids. A subset of patients (n = 11) had sampling throughout the 6 weeks of steroid administration and up to 8 weeks afterward. All mean basal biochemistries were normal except 25(OH)D, which was in the 'insufficient' range (25-50 nM) at 40 nM. During and after steroid administration, there were no changes in ionized calcium, 25(OH)D, urinary hydroxyproline, or pyridinoline. There was an increase in 1,25(OH)2D and a decrease in serum phosphorus, accompanied by an increase in urinary phosphate clearance, within 3 days of administration (p < 0.006). Serum osteocalcin (BGP) decreased to below assay sensitivity limits within 3 days of steroid administration (p < 0.0002), increasing thereafter but remaining at 50% of baseline by the third week. PTH(1-84) increased to a peak at week 2 (p < 0.02), after both the 1,25(OH)2D peak and the serum phosphorus nadir. Tartrate-resistant acid phosphatase, urinary calcium, and urinary cyclic AMP all increased above baseline (p < 0.05) with a pattern similar to that of PTH. To investigate further the immediate effects of steroid administration, serum samples were obtained at the same four times on both the day before and the day after the first intravenous methylprednisolone dose in a randomly chosen subset of patients (n = 9). Serum phosphorus fell (p < 0.05) by 1 h after administration, associated with an immediate drop in the tubular maximum phosphate reabsorption concentration adjusted for glomerular filtration rate (TmP/GFR). Serum 1,25(OH)2D increased (p < 0.04) and BGP decreased (p < 0.0001) within 8 h after steroid administration. The decrease in serum phosphorus, increase in 1,25(OH)2D, and depression in BGP were all independent of PTH, which did not change during this time period. The profound drop in BGP was particularly significant given the rise in 1,25(OH)2D (a known stimulator of BGP synthesis). In conclusion, these studies support the theory that high-dose glucocorticoid administration causes primary depression of bone formation as well as primary effects on the kidney, including lowering the TmP/GFR and increasing 1,25(OH)2D, all before increasing PTH levels. ER  - 
The use of antagonists to characterize the receptors mediating depolarization of the rat isolated vagus nerve by α,β-methylene adenosine 5'-triphosphate; 1.We have previously found that the P(2x)-purinoceptor agonist, α,β-methylene adenosine 5'-triphosphate (α,β-methylene ATP), depolarizes the rat cervical vagus nerve, measured with a 'grease-gap' extracellular recording technique. This effect was attenuated by the P2 purinoceptor antagonist, suramin. In the present study we have investigated in more detail the antagonism produced by suramin and have also investigated the actions of two other putative P2 purinoceptor antagonists, cibacron blue and pyridoxal-phosphate-6-azophenyl-2', 5'-disulphonic acid (iso-PPADS). Furthermore, we have studied the interactions between suramin and cibacron blue or iso-PPADS in an attempt to determine whether these antagonists act at a common receptor site. 2. Suramin (1 x 10-5-1 x 10-4 M) produced reversible, concentration-related rightward displacements of the concentration-effect curve to α,β-methylene ATP. Schild analysis of this antagonism yielded a pA2 value of 5.90 with a slope value of 0.47. 3. Cibacron blue (3 x 10-5- 1 x 10-4 M) also antagonized depolarizations induced by α,β-methylene ATP. The antagonistic effects of cibacron blue were slow to reach equilibrium but could be readily reversed on washout. At low concentrations for antagonism, cibacron blue (1 x 10-5 M and 3 x 10-5 M) produced enhancement of the maximal response to α,β-methylene ATP. At the highest concentration tested (1 x 10-4 M) the concentration-effect curve to α,β-methylene ATP was shifted to the right in a parallel manner, yielding a pK(B) estimate of 4.96. 4. Iso-PPADS (1 x 10-6- 1 x 10-5 M) produced a concentration-related depression in the maxima of the concentration-effect curves to a,,B-methylene ATP. Analysis of these data by a double reciprocal plot yielded a pK(B) estimate of 6.02. This profile of insurmountable antagonism could not be attributed to irreversible binding of iso-PPADS to the receptor since the effect of iso-PPADS could be reversed on washing, albeit slowly. 5. In the presence of suramin (1 x 10-4 M), cibacron blue (1 x 10-4 M) produced no further rightward displacement of the α,β-methylene ATP concentration-effect curve. The-mean agonist concentration-ratios in the presence of suramin or cibacron blue alone (11.7 and 10.3, respectively) were not significantly different from the mean concentration-ratio in the presence of both antagonists (11.8). This finding suggests that high concentrations of a,,B-methylene ATP activate a receptor population which is resistant to blockade by either antagonist. 6. The antagonistic effect of iso-PPADS (1 x 10-5 M) was partially attenuated by suramin (1 x 10-4 M). It is possible that this interaction reflects a slow dissociation of iso-PPADS from the receptor with which suramin and a,,B-methylene ATP interact. 7. Suramin, cibacron blue or iso-PPADS had no marked effect on depolarization produced by 5-hydroxytryptamine (5-HT, 1 x 10-7- 3 x 10-5 M), indicating their specificity in antagonizing responses to α,β-methylene ATP. 8. Responses to α,β-methylene ATP were not antagonized by 8-para-sulphophenyltheophylline (3 x 10-5 M), ondansetron (1 x 10-7 M), bicuculline (1 x 10-5 M), phentolamine (1 x 10-6 M) or hexamethonium (1 X 10-4 M), which are antagonists at P1-purinoceptors, 5-HT3 receptors, GABA(A) receptors, α-adrenoceptors and nicotinic cholinoceptors, respectively, thereby excluding the involvement of these receptors. Indomethacin (3 x 10-6 M) had no effect on responses to a,α,β-methylene ATP. 9. The results obtained with three purinoceptor antagonists confirm and extend our original supposition that α,β-methylene ATP-induced depolarization of the rat vagus nerve is mediated predominantly via P2 purinoceptors, thought to be of the P(2x) subtype. The finding that responses induced by high concentrations of agonist were resistant to blockade by suramin and cibacron blue, but could be attenuated by iso-PPADS, adds further weight to our speculation that the purinoceptor population in the rat vagus nerve is heterogeneous. ER  - 
Heroin lung: Report of two cases; Heroin lung is the most frequent complication of heroin intoxication. In September 1991 and January 1993, two young men aged 19 and 22 years presented with a sudden loss of consciousness and cyanosis after injecting heroin. They were both brought to our emergency department in the night and were immediately intubated and given 100% oxygen. Following intravenous naloxone, they both regained consciousness. The first patient's chest X ray revealed increased bilateral perihilar lung markings and mild patchy alveolar edema while the second patient showed a bat's wing shaped confluent alveolar edema. The blood gases in both cases revealed hypoxemia and hypercapnia. Follow-up chest roentgenograms on the second hospital day in case 1 and the third hospital day in case 2 revealed partial clearing of the lung fields. Fever developed on the second hospital day and they both received two weeks of antibiotics prior to discharge. Case 1 had normal pulmonary function testing, but case 2 developed mild restrictive lung changes. Review of the literature shows that heroin can cause a fulminant but rapidly reversible form of pulmonary edema. The treatment for this noncardiogenic pulmonary edema is adequate ventilation, good pulmonary toilet, and naloxone to reverse the respiratory and central nervous system depression. Diuretics, digitalis and morphine are not recommended in the treatment of heroin lung. ER  - 
Folinic acid and enhanced renal elimination in formic acid intoxication; Ingestion of over 60 g of formic acid by an adult is potentially fatal. We report a case of a 36-year-old woman with a history of depression who ingested 110 g of formic acid. She survived a complicated intensive care hospitalization following usage of intravenous folinic acid, urinary alkalinization, intravenous furosemide and supportive care. We suggest a management protocol aimed at minimizing formate toxicity by enhancing hepatic formate degradation via the folinic acid 'one carbon pool' and by enhanced renal elimination of formate. ER  - 
The effect of leukotrienes B4, C4, 12-hydroxyeicosatetraenoic acid and of the threo- and erythro-epimers of hepoxilin B3 on the plasticity of the neuronal cholinoreceptors in the snail; Effects of several acyclic eicosanoids (which are formed from arachidonic acid under the action of 5- and 12-lipoxygenases) on desensitization of somatic cholinoreceptors of Helix lucorum RPa3 and LPa3 neurons were studied by means of two-electrode voltage clamp technique. The substances under study were: leukotrienes B4, C4, 12(S)-hydroxy-(5Z,8Z,10E,14Z)-eicosatetraenoic acid (12-HETE), threo- and erythro-epimers of hepoxilin B3. Cholinoreceptor plasticity was evaluated by a degree of depression of inward current, induced by rhythmical local ACh applications on the soma with intervals 55-180 sec. Leukotrienes B4 and C4 intensified cholinoreceptor plasticity. Inhibitor of inositol-1,4,5-trisphosphate-dependent (IP3-d) mobilization of deposited Ca2+, TMB-8, prevented the effect of leukotriene C4. 12-HETE, threo- and erythro-epimers of hepoxilin B3 did not change plasticity. A conclusion is made that cholinoreceptor plasticity is controlled by leukotrienes B4 and C4. One of the regulatory pathways includes IP3-d Ca-mobilization. Eicosanoids from 12-lipoxygenase pathway (12-HETE, threo- and erythro-epimers of hepoxilin B3) do not participate in this intracellular regulatory mechanism. ER  - 
Clinical spectrum of secondary parkinsonism in childhood: A reversible disorder; Parkinsonism is an uncommon movement disorder in childhood. Six unusual cases of acquired parkinsonism in hospitalized children are described. Clinical manifestations included an akinetic-rigid syndrome with and without tremor, the combination of parkinsonism and dystonia, and a parkinsonism- plus syndrome. Altered mental status, mutism, dysphagia, and sialorrhea were frequent associations. Etiologies included hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy; haloperidol treatment with and without neuroleptic malignant syndrome; toxicity of cytosine arabinoside, cyclophosphamide, amphotericin B, and methotrexate; St. Louis encephalitis and other encephalitides; and a pineal tumor with hydrocephalus. Cranial magnetic resonance imaging results ranged from normal to profound cerebral and cerebellar atrophy with chemotherapeutic toxicity. The illnesses usually were severe enough to require pharmacotherapy. Incorrect diagnoses of depression or catatonia delayed treatment or aggravated the problem. Acute treatment included amantadine, levodopa/carbidopa with or without selegiline, diphenhydramine, or benztropine. The concentration of CSF homovanillic acid was normal in a neuroleptic-associated patient, but the level was low in an encephalitic patient. All patients demonstrated dramatic improvement, including two who were not treated; some had complete resolution of symptoms and none required continued antiparkinsonian drugs despite poor scores on the Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale and the Modified Hoehn and Yahr Rating Scales. The causes of parkinsonism described are more common in a general pediatric hospital than the parkinsonism associated with the popularized Segawa syndrome. ER  - 
Vasodilator action of the isopropyl ester of palmitoyl carnitine in the rat coronary circulation and mesenteric vascular bed; The vasodilator action of the isopropyl ester of palmitoyl carnitine (P1Pi) has been examined in perfused rat hearts and mesenteric vessels. The coronary vasodilator effect P1Pi was not significantly inhibited by flurbiprofen (10 μM), BW755C (10 1 μM), glibenclamide (10 μM) or the bradykinin B2 receptor antagonist D-Arg0[Hyp3,Thi5,8,D-Phe7]bradykinin (1 μM), indicating that the action of P1Pi is not mediated via arachidonic acid metabolites, ATP-dependent K+ channels or bradykinin B2 receptors. L-N(G)-Nitro arginine (100 μM) did not inhibit the vasodilator action of P1Pi whilst superoxide dismutase (20 and 50 U.ml-1) attenuated its vasodilator action. Methylene blue (10 μM) caused inhibition in three out of four hearts, while haemoglobin (1 μM) caused an irreversible inhibition of the action of P1Pi which was associated with a depression of myocardial contractility. In air-damaged mesenteric vascular beds the vasodilator action of P1Pi was not attenuated, whilst that of acetylcholine was abolished. In K+-depolarised mesenteric vascular beds the constrictor action of Ca2+ was attentuated by P1Pi. Therefore the vasodilator effect of P1Pi appears to be the result of a direct effect on smooth muscle. ER  - 
Plasticization of biodegradable polymers for use in controlled release; The design of a plasticized, biodegradable polymeric material, suitable for application as a controlled-release system, was attempted. A poly(DL-lactic acid) oligomer was plasticized with 1,2-propylene glycol and glycerol. The latter plasticizer showed poor compatibility whereas 1,2-propylene glycol was compatible with the polymer up to high concentrations. The mixtures prepared displayed considerable depression of processing temperature and enhanced delivery of salicylic acid, in the early stages of release. It seemed, therefore, feasible to produce systems which allow easy and safe processing and can be injected into a body cavity, without the need for surgical retrieval after completion of the release. Furthermore, the differential rate of drug delivery might be of profound interest for cases where elevated drug doses are necessary in the beginning of treatment. ER  - 
Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease like symptoms in a patient on long term anti-tuberculous treatmemt. Pellagra induced by antituberculous agents; Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease (CJD) is transmissible, subacute spongiform encephalopathy with many symptoms. It shows psychotic symptoms such as apathy, depression, memory disturbance, anxiety, and delirium, and neurotic symptoms such as headache, visual impairment, vertigo, gait disturbance and myoclonus. Unfortunately, there is no effective therapy yet. Pellagra, well known as 3D (dermatitis, diarrhea and dementia), is undernutritional disease due to the lack of nicotinic acid. Therefore nicotinic acid improves this disease remarkably. Both CJD and pellagra show similar symptoms, such as apathy, depression, memory disturbance, gait disturbance, myoclonus and so on. Clinically it is difficult to discriminate between CJD and pellagra. We experienced a case of 'pellagra sine pelle agra' in a 50-year-old female patient who showed apathy, gait disturbance, memory disturbance without dermatitis and diarrhea. For 3 years prior to the onset of pellagra, she had been prescribed anti-tuberculous agents (ethionamide et al). After a half year since the onset she fell in vegetable state accompanying myoclonus. Her clinical diagnosis was CJD at that point. After autopsy, her pathological diagnosis was pellagra. In Japan recently, the number of pellagra patients has been decreasing due to the improvement of general nutrition. In such condition less attention has been paid to pellagra as diagnosis distinguished from CJD. But ethionamide inhibits the conversion of tryptophan to niacin and may induce pellagra. We must pay more attention with pellagra to tuberculous patients developing mental or neurological symptoms under treatment with ethionamide. ER  - 
Anti-migraine compounds fail to modulate the propagation of cortical spreading depression in the cat; Leao's cortical spreading depression (SD) is often cited as the pathophysiological substrate for the neurological symptoms of migraine with aura. If this is the case it might be expected that drugs useful as anti-migraine agents, particularly those useful in prohylaxis, may alter or prevent SD. Indeep it has been suggested that the anti-migraine compound dihydroergotamine (DHE) blocks or reduces the speed of propagation of SD in the rabbit. In this study we attempted to further investigate the effects of DHE and other anti-migraine drugs on SD by measuring cortical blood flow with laser Doppler flowmetry (CBF(LDF)) and cortical single unit activity in the a-chloralose-anaesthetised cat. The following substances were tested: DHE, acetylsalicylic acid, lignocaine, metoprolol, clonazepam and valproate. The NMDA-receptor blocker MK-801 and halothane (1.5%) were used as reference substances that reliably block SD. The outcome measures were speed of propagation of the wave of SD across the cortex and the CBF(LDF) increase during the hyperaemic phase of SD. Data were taken from three control episodes (60 min apart) and after drug administration. The rate of propagation was significantly reduced from the first control period (3.0 ± 0.3 mm/min) to the subsequent 2 control observations (2.3 ± 0.1 mm/min) even without any drug treatment. Following the control observations the test drug was administered and a further SD elicited. This fourth SD was reliably blocked by MK-801 and halothane. None of the other test drugs inhibited SD, reduced the rate of propagation or changed the amplitude of the CBF(LDF) increase. It is therefore possible that anti-migraine drugs that are active in prophylaxis do not have their effect through a modulation of SD. Indeed if SD is the explanation for the aura phase of migraine it may be an epiphenomenon driven by some further central process rather than the causal initiator of the migraine attack. ER  - 
Systemic lupus erythematosus in the elderly; Over a period of 2 months an 88-year-old man developed progressively more severe breathing-related pain under the right shoulder blade, loss of appetite, general weakness, depressive mood, subfebrile temperature and nocturnal sweating. Various inflammation parameters were raised (sedimentation rate 43 mm in the first hour; C-reactive protein 26 mg/dl; white cell count 12500/μl). There also were pleural effusion and signs of mild nonspecific hepatitis. Antibiotics were administered because bacterial pneumonia was suspected. But the patient's condition deteriorated and he developed nightly periods of disorientation. There was no evidence for any advanced malignancy. Immunological tests pointed towards older-onset systemic lupus erythematosus: titre for antinuclear antibodies markedly raised to 1:20480; anti-DNA titre moderately raised to 1:125 IU/ml. The patient's general condition and the pleuritic pain improved within 2 days under treatment with prednisone (50 mg daily); the depression, disorientation and fever receded within a week. The anti-DNA titre tell to 47 IU/ml after 8 weeks. He was able to resume his usual social activities and was kept on a maintenance prednisone dose of 5.0 mg daily. ER  - 
Antibiotic and benzodiazepine prescribing by general practice trainees; Objective: To study the prescribing of antibiotics and benzodiazepines by a group of general practice trainees. Methods: Forty-six trainees in their general practice term with the Royal Australian College of General Practitioners Training Program and 495 experienced general practitioners were compared with regard to patients managed, prescribing of antibiotics for respiratory tract infections and prescribing of benzodiazepines for anxiety, sleep disorders and depression. Results: Trainees saw more young patients and patients with acute respiratory infections, and fewer patients with psychological problems, than the experienced practitioners. Trainees prescribed antibiotics less often for undifferentiated upper respiratory tract infection and their prescribing for tonsillitis was more frequently in agreement with prescribing guidelines. Trainees were less likely to prescribe a benzodiazepine for anxiety or sleep problems. Conclusions: General practice trainees were relatively conservative prescribers of antibiotics and benzodiazepines. At times both groups did not prescribe in accordance with antibiotic prescribing guidelines and an appreciable number of patients continue to be prescribed benzodiazepines on a long term basis. ER  - 
Budesonide for the treatment of inflammatory bowel disease; While corticosteroids are the effective treatment for the symptomatic management of patients with inflammatory bowel disease (IBD), they cause serious side effects. Budesonide is a nonhalogenated glucocorticosteroid structurally related to 16 alpha-hydroxy-prednisolone that possesses high topical anti-inflammatory activity and low systemic activity compared with the conventional steroids prednisone and prednisolone. This favourable activity ratio is achieved because a high affinity to the steroid receptor is coupled with rapid hepatic conversion to metabolites with minimal or no biological activity. Controlled trials in patients with distal ulcerative colitis indicate that budesonide enemas have equivalent or superior efficacy compared with 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA) enemas, prednisolone disodium phosphate enemas or methylprednisolone enemas, without causing significant depression of endogenous cortisol levels. Two controlled trials investigating the efficacy of an oral controlled-ileal release form of budesonide for active Crohn's disease have recently been completed. In the first trial, after eight weeks' treatment budesonide 9 mg daily caused clinical remission in 51% of patients, compared with 20% of patients receiving placebo. Budesonide caused a dose-related reduction of plasma cortisol responses to adrenocorticotropic hormone stimulation, but was not associated with clinically important corticosteroid-related symptoms or other toxicity. In a second trial, budesonide 9 mg daily was as effective as prednisolone for induction of remission in active ileocecal Crohn's disease. Budesonide is a potentially promising new therapeutic agent for the management of patients with IBD. ER  - 
Self-inflicted orbital and intracranial injury with a retained foreign body, associated with psychotic depression: Case report and review; Reports of intracranial self-multilation by psychotic individuals are associated with severe mental disorders, criminality, or both. We describe a psychotically depressed male who drove a ballpoint pen through his right medial canthus and into his intracranial compartment. The patient developed a cavernous sinus syndrome and a traumatic dissection of the cavernous portion of the carotid artery. The pen was removed intraoperatively. Postoperatively, the patient was placed on a course of broad-spectrum antibiotics, antidepressants, and antipsychotic medications, and he has received long- term psychiatric follow-up. The literature related to these unusual cases is reviewed, and relevant surgical, medical, and psychiatric aspects of treatment are discussed. ER  - 
The effects of an interferon inducer, polyriboinosinic polyribocytidylic acid on cytochrome P-450 dependent hepatic progesterone metabolism; A time course study on the effects of an interferon inducing agent, polyriboinosinic polyribocytidylic acid (poly rIrC) on the hepatic cytochrome P-450 dependent progesterone metabolism was performed. Administration of a single dose of poly rIrC (10 mg/kg i.p.) to adult male Wistar rats caused a time dependent effect on liver weight, microsomal protein and total cytochrome P-450 levels, as well as the 16α and 6β hydroxylation of progesterone. The response was multiphasic, with a maximal depression of both hydroxylase activity 48 hours post-injection, followed by enhanced activity at 72 hours and subsequent return to control activity twenty-four hours later. A second less dramatic rise in the activities followed, bringing the 16α and 6β hydroxylase activity of 159% and 141% of their respective control values by 336 hours, at which point of time, the trend appeared to be still on the rise. The enhanced activity at 72 hours was preceded by an increase in serum cortisol and corticosterone levels, the ability of which to enhance the activity of 6β hydroxylation of steroids may partly explain the phenomenon. ER  - 
Critical review of data supporting affective disorder caused by nonpsychotropic medication; Since the first reports of depressions associated with the use of reserpine, reports of affective syndromes related to the use of medications have proliferated in the literature. We chose to review controlled and uncontrolled studies, comprehensive reviews with comparisons of controlled studies, and case reports where sheer numbers indicated a relationship existed between affective syndromes and nonpsychotropic medications. Our findings suggest a relationship between the use of reserpine or lipophilic beta-blockers and depressive symptoms, but no clear evidence to support such a relationship with alpha-methyldopa, clonidine, calcium-channel blockers, or ACE-inhibitors. Glucocorticoids are related to both depressive symptoms and mania. Patients on anabolic steroids should be monitored for evidence of mania, rage, depression, and suicidality. There is no clear evidence that oral contraceptives are related to depressive symptoms. Our review does not support a close relationship between the use of H2 blockers, anticonvulsants, levodopa or antiarrhythmics, or antibiotics to affective syndromes. ER  - 
Synthesis of prostaglandin E2 in rat liver; We have investigated whether rat liver microsomes can release prostaglandins and determined the 'optimal conditions' for the in vitro synthesis of PGE2. We also studied the effect of the oral administration of indomethacin, piroxicam and ibuprofen on PGE2 release ex vivo. The drugs were administered to animals at high doses for one or three consecutive days and the animals were killed 24 h after the first or the third administration. The increased PGE2 synthesis observed for indomethacin and piroxicam (animals treated for three consecutive days) could be explained by the depression of cytochrome P-450 observed in the same animals. Cytochrome P-450 could modulate the activity of eicosanoids derived from cyclooxygenase. Moreover the different inhibition of PG synthesis exhibited by these drugs could lead to a different rise in concentration of arachidonic acid in microsome membranes and contribute to an increased PGE2 synthesis. ER  - 
Effects of bone-cement fibrous membrane on osteoblasts: Preliminary studies; Conditioned mediums prepared from explants of the fibrous membrane in aseptically loosened cemented total joint arthroplasties were added to cultures of an osteoblast-like cell line (UMR 106). Cellular activities were assessed after ten hours of incubation by means of protein production, alkaline phosphatase, acid phosphatase and tritiated thymidine uptake. A depression effect on the cells was observed. This phenomenon was partially reversed by indomethacin, thus implying the role of prostaglandins, although other factors could also be involved. ER  - 
Staphylococcus epidermidis hospital epidemiology and the detection of methicillin resistance; Infections in immunocompromised patients and in patients with indwelling prosthetic devices are often caused by hospital strains of Staphylococcus epidermidis resistant to methicillin. Tests for the detection of methicillin resistance, indicating resistance to all β-lactam antibiotics, were evaluated in order to define a suitable screening test. A broth tube breakpoint test with a large inoculum, 107 colony forming units (cfu), gave the highest recovery of resistant strains. False resistance due to hyperproduction of β-lactamase was excluded. The results correlated completely with the detection of the resistance gene, mecA, by the polymerase chain reaction. In 2/3 of the resistant strains tested the expression of the methicillin resistance was heterogeneous, only one cell in 102 to 104 expressed the resistance within 72 h in broth. In broth screening tests an inoculum of at least 106 cfu therefore was required to detect all resistant strains within 24 h. Using agar dilution, 48 h incubation must be considered. In disc diffusion tests reliable results were obtained after only 16 h of incubation when discs containing cephradine 5 and 30 μg, oxacillin 1 μg or cephalexin 30 μg were used, and the first disc is recommended for routine work. The epidemiology of S. epidermidis strains resistant to ciprofloxacin and/or gentamicin was studied in an isolation unit for patients undergoing bone marrow transplantation. Antibiograms and plasmids were used for typing and 31 such strains were found. Of 54 staff members 10 were colonized in the nares only, two in the nares and perineum and one in the nares and stool. In ambient air and on the clothes of staff a few of the strains predominated quantitatively. These strains colonized the skin of some of the patients who seemed to be the main dispersers. Possible routes of cross-infection were indirect contact transfer via the hands and clothes of staff (82% of the clothes were contaminated), and direct as well as indirect airborne transmission. To study the effects of chlorhexidine on skin bacteria, ten nurses washed one arm with chlorhexidine-detergent every morning for 3 weeks; the other arm served as control. The depression of the normal skin flora did not lead to a colonization with more antibiotic-resistant hospital strains. During the wash period the counts of antibiotic-resistant S. epidermidis on the treated arms were significantly reduced compared with the control arms, as also were the number of different strains. However, some antibiotic-resistant strains could not be eradicated from the arms with chlorhexidine-detergent, probably because they colonized deeper layers of the skin. Many strains were only transient skin colonizers. In an experimental study, strains of S. epidermidis were inoculated on the skin of volunteers. An epidemic strain had an enhanced ability to colonize skin compared with non-epidemic strains, which may be of importance for its epidemic properties. ER  - 
Baclofen-induced growth hormone release in major depression: Relationship to dexamethasone suppression test result; Fifteen patients with DSM-III-R major depression and 15 matched comparison subjects underwent baclofen-induced growth hormone (GH) release and the dexamethasone suppression test (DST). The GH responses of the patients were significantly blunted, especially those of the patients who were DST nonsuppressors. These findings may indicate lower than normal responsivity of type B γ-aminobutyric acid (GABA-B) receptors in depression and a relationship between GABA-B receptor abnormality and dysfunction of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis. ER  - 
General pharmacological studies of TZP-4238, a new antiandrogen: Effects on central nervous and motor systems; General pharmacological effects of TZP-4238, a new antiandrogen, on central nervous and motor systems were studied. 1) At a dose of 100 mg/kg, p.o., TZP-4238 produced mild depression (slight lowering of spontaneous movement and passive state) in mice. At a dose of 300 mg/kg, p.o. and above, it induced several excitatory symptoms such as scratching, tremor (300 mg/kg), Straub's tail, twitches and convulsions (1000 mg/kg, lethal dose) in mice. 2) TZP-4238 at a dose of 100 mg/kg, p.o. significantly potentiated oxotremorine-induced tremor in mice. 3) TZP-4238 at a dose of 100 mg/kg, p.o. reduced acetic acid-induced writhing but did not inhibit nociceptive response against tail pressure in mice. 4) TZP-4238 at a dose of 100 mg/kg, p.o. had no effects on motor (exploratory) activity, hexobarbital-induced hypnosis, electroshock-, pentylenetetrazole- and strychnine-induced convulsions, methamphetamine-induced hyperactivity, motor coordination in mice and body temperature in rats and did not show muscle relaxing and taming effects in mice. 5) TZP-4238 at a dose of 10 mg/kg, i.v. had no effects on spinal reflex potentials in cats and ex vivo neuromuscular transmission in rats. 6) TZP-4238 at a dose of 100 mg/kg, p.o. showed potentiation of carrageenin induced rat paw edema at only 2 hours after carrageenin. 7) TZP-4238 at a dose of 100 mg/kg, p.o. did not produce any gastric damages in rats. 8) TZP-4238 had no effect on platelet retention rate in rats (100 mg/kg, p.o.) and did not influence on ADP- and collagen-induced guinea-pig platelet aggregations (1 x 10-4g/ml). ER  - 
Ifosfamide/carboplatin/etoposide (ICE) regimen in small cell lung cancer; Combination chemotherapy with ICE (ifosfamide/carboplatin/etoposide) has developed from the significant single-agent activity of the component drugs and the marked efficacy of two-drug combinations. The ICE regimen has been associated with 2-year survivals of ≥ 30% with minimum follow-up of 24 months. Patients populations in these studies were not staged intensively and the survival is therefore of considerable interest. The severe myelosuppression seen in the majority of patients requires close monitoring, and supportive care, particularly with antibiotics, is often required. The use of hematopoietic growth factors in the future should ameliorate this toxicity. It is also important to note, however, that the depression in blood count is transient and currently allows treatment to be given at 4- to 5- week intervals even without growth factor support. It is highly likely that outpatient treatment based on oral formulations of ifosfamide and etoposide with bolus injections of carboplatin soon will be possible. Oral platinum compounds are also in a late stage of development. Other techniques for outpatient-based ICE therapy include ambulatory pump infusions, which may be associated with less hematologic toxicity. Further developments of ICE-based chemotherapy regimens should provide an important avenue of progress in the future therapy of small cell lung cancer. ER  - 
Medical treatment preferences of nursing home residents: Relationship to function and concordance with surrogate decision-makers; Objective: To describe treatment preferences of nursing home residents, concordance with decisions by self-selected proxies and to establish the relationship of sociodemographic and functional measures to decisions. Setting and Subjects: 52 patient-proxy pairs at a Veterans Affairs nursing home. Methods: Treatment preferences were elicited from residents and proxies regarding cardiopulmonary resuscitation, mechanical ventilation, and intensive care unit care. Hospitalization, intravenous antibiotics, intravenous fluid administration, and tube feeding were presented in three separate health scenarios. Concordance was determined for the entire interview and separately for each scenario. Treatment-seeking intensity and decision-making consistency were scored and used to explore associations with sociodemographic variables and function. Results: Subjects were predominantly male (97%) and non-Hispanic white (74%); average age was 70 ± 12 years, with 4 ± 2.9 diagnoses. Residents accepted 70% of all treatments. The proportion of subjects accepting interventions declined parallel to health status in each scenario. Only 7/52 (13%) subjects made inconsistent decisions. Resident treatment acceptance was inversely associated with GDS scores but not associated with any other sociodemographic or functional measure. Concordance with proxies was no greater than chance. Proxies' decisions were not systematically biased against resident preferences or influenced by patient characteristics. Conclusions: Veterans desired most treatments, but adjusted preferences according to health status and were not inconsistent. Depressive symptoms should be addressed prior to advance directive selection. The patient remains the best source of information, but proxies' decisions exhibit no bias and are not affected by patient status. ER  - 
Oral isotretinoin: Patient selection and management; Oral isotretinoin therapy should now be considered in many patients with moderate acne. The retinoid brings about a significant reduction in the physical and psychological effects of the condition. Oral isotretinoin is recommended in patients with severe acne and moderate acne unresponsive to conventional therapy. Patients with scarring, high sebum excretion rates, severe depression or dysmorphophobia and with some unusual variants, such as acne fulminans, Gram-negative folliculitis and pyoderma faciale, can also benefit. For moderate acne isotretinoin is recommended if there is a less than 50% improvement, or relapse, after 2-3 courses of oral antibiotics. Recent research has shown an increased incidence of resistant strains of propionibacteria. This is often associated with increasing difficulty in management with oral antibiotics. Such patients often require isotretinoin. The cumulative dose of the retinoid seems to be of great importance in the success of the therapy and a dose of some 120 mg/kg appears to produce the best long-term results. This can be achieved by a dosage regimen of 1.0 mg/kg per day for 4 months, or by 0.5 mg/kg per day for a longer period. High doses may be adjusted downward if troublesome side-effects occur, whereas the low dose should be doubled if there is no satisfactory response after 2 months. Side-effects, with the exception of teratogenicity, are dose-dependent and controlled by dose reduction and by local or systemic treatment. Female patients must not be pregnant during treatment or for 4 weeks afterwards. Slow responders may require prolonged treatment. In relapse, a repeat course generally brings a satisfactory response, although some patients may require multiple courses. ER  - 
Aerobic responses of the cornea to aminoglycoside antibiotics; The effects of the aminoglycoside antibiotics gentamicin, tobramycin, and amikacin on the corneal epithelium were evaluated by measurement of oxygen uptake rate following a single 60 sec application of various concentrations of each (3, 10, and 20 mg/ml gentamicin and tobramycin; 10, 20, 30, and 50 mg/ml amikacin). Statistically significant (p < 0.05, Student's t-test) depressions in the oxygen uptake rate were found 1 min after exposure to all of the solutions except amikacin 10 mg/ml. The oxygen uptake returned towards baseline by 30 min after exposure. Tobramycin caused less depression in oxygen uptake rate at each concentration level and all measurement times up to 1 hr postexposure (p < 0.05). Amikacin, at concentrations used topically (30-50 mg/ml), showed results similar to those with tobramycin (10-20 mg/ml). ER  - 
Toxicokinetic approach for evaluating respiratory depression effect of aminoglycoside antibiotics: Species differences in drug susceptibility; The respiratory depression effect of aminoglycoside antibiotics was studied by a toxicokinetic approach, and species differences in drug susceptibility were elucidated based on plasma concentrations. An allometric relationship was obtained between total body clearance of arbekacin, a novel aminoglycoside antibiotic, and animal body weight. The power was 0.714, less than unity, which means smaller animals have higher ability to eliminate the drug from the body and need higher doses to attain a certain steady-state plasma concentration. When the infusion rate of arbekacin was altered, the total dose required to cause the toxicologic endpoint for respiratory depression (60 per cent loss of respiratory rates) changed greatly, but the plasma concentration of arbekacin at the toxicologic endpoint remained at almost a constant level. The concentration at the toxicologic endpoint was similar for all of the animal species examined and was 650-950 μg ml-1, even though the total dose required to cause the toxicologic endpoint varied greatly among the animal species. These findings suggest that the toxicologic effect compartment for respiratory depression is indistinguishable from the plasma compartment, and that species differences in the total dose are due to differences in pharmacokinetics of the drug, mainly in the total body clearance, but not to differences in intrinsic susceptibility to the drug. ER  - 
A clinical trial of a slow-release formulation of acetylsalicylic acid in patients at risk for preeclampsia; The formation of thromboxane A2 (TXA2) in maternal and foetal cord serum was measured at birth in eight control patients and in 13 patients taking 100 mg of a slow-release formulation of acetylsalicylic acid. The serum concentrations of TXB2 (a stable end product of TXA2 hydrolysis) in both maternal and cord serum from patients who ingested the acetylsalicylic acid formulation were significantly lower (P < 0.01) than those in control subjects. Acetylsalicylic acid was not detected (< 30 ng ml-1) in maternal plasma from six mothers and in cord plasma from seven foetuses in the acetylsalicylic acid-treated group. The mean cord to maternal plasma concentration ratios for detectable acetylsalicylic acid and salicylate were 0.62 ± 0.19 (s.d.) (n = 6) and 0.84 ± 0.16 (n = 13), respectively. We conclude that low doses of acetylsalicylic acid given in a slow-release form to mothers during pregnancy cause depression of TXA2 formation in the foetal blood. ER  - 
Inhibition of lipoxygenase and cyclooxygenase augments cardiac injury by H2O2; The role of arachidonic acid metabolites in the cardiac effects of toxic oxygen metabolites (TOM) was investigated in buffer-perfused rat hearts (Langendorff model). Hydrogen peroxide (H2O2, 200 μM) was given for 10 min to generate TOM, followed by 30 min recovery. H2O2 reduced left ventricular developed pressure (LVDP), increased left ventricular end-diastolic pressure (LVDEP), and increased coronary flow (CF). The hydroxyl radical scavenger thiourea inhibited the H2O2-induced effects. Perfusion with three lipoxygenase inhibitors, AA861, BWA4C, and diethylcarbamazine, in addition to H2O2, augmented the decrease of LVDP and the increase of LVEDP induced by H2O2. The cyclooxygenase inhibitor indomethacin had the same effects. The H2O2-induced increase in CF was not influenced by diethylcarbamazine, but inhibited by all other drugs. Control perfusion with drugs alone did not influence cardiac function. In conclusion, inhibition of lipoxygenase and cyclooxygenase augmented the depression of cardiac function induced by TOM. Leukotrienes and prostanoids appear to be protective against H2O2-induced cardiac injury. ER  - 
Nitric oxide and arachidonic acid modulation of calcium currents in postganglionic neurones of avian cultured ciliary ganglia; 1. A study has been made of the modulation of high-voltage activated transient and sustained calcium currents in cultured neurones of avian ciliary ganglia by nitric oxide (NO) and arachidonic acid. 2. Sodium nitroprusside (100 μM) reduced the transient calcium current (I(Ca)) on average by 31% and the sustained I(Ca) by 32% during a test depolarization to +20 mV from a holding potential of -100 mV. This reduction was maintained for at least 30 min following a single application of sodium nitroprusside. 3. L-Arginine (270 μM) reduced the transient I(Ca) on average by 28% and the sustained I(Ca) by 22% and these effects were prevented by the presence of the NO-synthase competitive blocker N(G)-nitro-L-arginine methylester (L-NAME; 100 μM) in the bathing solution. 4. Arachidonic acid (50 μM) reduced the transient I(Ca) on average by 28% and the sustained I(Ca) by 33%. When added together, arachidonic acid (50 μM) and L-arginine (270 μM) produced the same effects as arachidonic acid alone. 5. Blocking the conversion of arachidonic acid to prostaglandins by addition of indomethacin (20 μM) to the bathing solution did not prevent the depression of either the transient or the sustained calcium current during application of arachidonic acid (50 μM). The effects of arachidonic acid were also not occluded by L-NAME (100 μM) when present in the bathing solution. 6. Inhibiting the biosynthesis of leukotrienes by applying L-663, 536 (MK-886; 3 μM) to the bathing solution prevented the depression of both components of I(Ca) during application of arachidonic acid (50 μM). 7. These results indicate that endogenous NO and arachidonic acid pathways are present in parasympathetic ciliary neurones, and that both act to depress high-voltage, gated, calcium channel activity. ER  - 
Myocardial antioxidant defenses during cardiopulmonary bypass; In 31 male patients undergoing coronary bypass surgery who underwent different periods of cardioplegic hypothermic arrest, the activities of glutathione peroxidase, glutathione reductase, glutathione transferase, copper/zinc-containing and manganese-containing superoxide dismutases, and catalase were studied in the right atrial myocardium, before and 5 minutes after aortic cross-clamping. The levels of thiobarbituric acid reactive substances (TBARS) and nonproteic thiol compounds (NP-SH) were also assessed. Prolonged ischemia followed by reperfusion induced activation of the major myocardial antioxidant enzymes with marked NP-SH depression and TBARS increase, despite cold crystalloid cardioplegic protection. These changes were significantly related to the duration of the ischemic arrest, suggesting: (1) that reperfusion free radical generation is dependent on the severity of the previous ischemic period; and (2) the occurrence of myocardial oxidative stress during cardiopulmonary bypass. ER  - 
Developmental retardation of the Japanese quail embryo under the influence of dexamethasone; Cultured Japanese quail embryos were treated with various doses of dexamethasone on day 2 and in part also on day 5. The treatment lead to a significant delay of development. This was demonstrated by means of developmental (growth rate, developmental stage), histological and metabolic (excreted uric acid, protein synthesis) parameters. The effect was intensified when the agent was administered into the subembryonic liquid instead of the albumen. This is due to the fact that a higher dilution is expected when the agent is deposited into the albumen. In conclusion Japanese quail embryos respond to exogenous glucocorticoids, at a very early stage of development and at a comparatively low concentration with a depression of development. ER  - 
Synergic lung changes in rats receiving combined exposure to paraquat and ionizing radiation; Experiment was carried out on a total of 160 male Wistar rats. Paraquat was instilled per os intragastrically by a metal probe, in aqueous solution, at a daily dose of 0.46 mg/kg body wt given five times a week for 4 months. Directly upon termination of paraquat intake the animals received a single external whole-body exposure to 4 Gy of ionizing radiation. Changes in the parameters studied were recorded on Post-treatment Days 1, 5, 10, and 30. In bronchoalveolar lavage fluid (BALF), paraquat treatment alone was found to elevate lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) activity and content of thiobarbituric acid (TBA) reactants; lung homogenate from this treatment group showed diminution in superoxide dismutase (SOD) and catalase (CAT) activities and in content of nonprotein sulfhydryl groups (NPSH) on Days 1 and 5. Irradiation alone produced less substantial changes. With combined exposure to paraquat and radiation, there was more marked and more prolonged depression of the three parameters (SOD, CAT, and NPSH) of lung antioxidant defense and synergic increase in BALF content of TBA reactants and LDH activity. ER  - 
Depression of macrophage respiratory burst capacity and arachidonic acid release after Fc receptor-mediated phagocytosis; The phagocytosis of IgG-coated erythrocytes (EIgG) by macrophages results in a subsequent depression of macrophage phagocytic function, respiratory burst capacity, and bactericidal activity. Our study was carried out to determine the importance of impaired arachidonic acid release in the depression of the respiratory burst after EIgG phagocytosis. The depression of triggered H2O2 production after EIgG phagocytosis was not due to cyclooxygenase products because indomethacin or aspirin did not modify the depression. Further studies revealed that the depression of triggered H2O2 production after EIgG phagocytosis was associated with a depression in the ability of macrophages to release arachidonic acid in response to PMA, zymosan, or calcium ionophore. The addition of exogenous arachidonic acid partially prevented the depression of triggered H2O2 production after EIgG phagocytosis. Unlike phagocytosis mediated by FcR, complement receptor- mediated phagocytosis did not alter H2O2 production or arachidonic acid release. Ligation of FcR was not sufficient to depress triggered H2O2 production and arachidonic acid release because these functions were not depressed when phagocytosis was inhibited with cytochalasin D. Thus, it was found that the depression of triggered H2O2 production by macrophages after FcR-mediated phagocytosis was associated with impaired release of arachidonic acid and that H2O2 production could be partially restored by the addition of arachidonic acid. These results suggest that the impairment of arachidonic acid release after FcR-mediated phagocytosis contributes to the depression of macrophage respiratory burst capacity after FcR-mediated phagocytosis. ER  - 
Role of oxygen radicals in the pathogenesis of acute gastric mucosal lesion under obstructive jaundice; In this study we examined the role of oxygen-derived free radicals in the pathogenesis of acute gastric mucosal lesion induced by obstructive jaundice in rats. Rats were divided into 4 groups as follows: control (sham operation), jaundiced (ligation and dissection of bile duct), vagotomized (truncal vagotomy), and vagotomized with jaundice group. The water immersion restraint procedure was performed. The water immersion restraint procedure was performed. The results obtained are as follows: jaundiced group showed significant increase of ulcer index (UI) and significant decrease of gastric mucosal blood flow (GMBF) and gastric mucosal potential difference (PD). However, intragastric pH (pH) was unchanged compared to the control group. Oxygen radical generating system (gastric mucosal XOD activity and thiobarbiturate acid) and oxygen radical scavenging system (gastric mucosal SOD activity and GSH-px activity) were higher than those of control group. Vagotomized group showed significant increase of pH compared to the control group. Oxygen generating system and scavenging system were unchanged compared to the control group. Vagotomized with jaundice group showed depression of UI and improvement of oxygen radical generating system and scavenging system. However GMBF, PD nad pH were unchanged compared to the jaundiced group. These results suggest that oxygen radical play some role in the development of acute gastric mucosal lesion induced by obstructive jaundice. ER  - 
Clean intermittent catheterization - Physical and physiological complications; During a 6 months period in 1988, 407 patients (206 men and 201 women) with a mean age of 51.7 years, treated with clean intermittent catheterization (CIC), were included in a one-year prospective follow-up study regarding physical and psychological complications and complaints related to the treatment. According to diagnoses and examinations, the patients were divided in 5 groups: supranuclear affections (106 patients), infranuclear affections (141), detrusor myopathy (136), infravesical obstruction (19) and suprapontine affections (5). Significant bacteriuria was found in 50.6% of all urine samples analyzed, with E. Coli as the dominant species. In urine samples from patients not using antiinfective agents, bacteriuria was found in 57.5% while the corresponding figures in patients using methenamine hippurate and antibiotics were 42.5% and 37.5% respectively. Bacteriuria was found equally in both sexes. The distribution of species was equal in CIC-treated patients and in other outpatients studied. Only minor differences were found regarding the drug resistance pattern. The prevalence of symptomatic urinary tract infections varied from 11.9% to 17.4% with a higher frequency in females and patients using antibiotics. During the observation period of one year 24.5% had no clinical UTI at all, 58.6% had minor symptoms, 14.3% had more comprehensive or frequent symptoms while 2.6% claimed major symptoms. Women had a higher clinical infection rate than men. Bleeding in connection with the catheterization procedure varied from 10.7% to 13.6%. Traces of blood were detected in 22.8% of all urine samples analyzed with no differences between patients who claimed observing blood and those denying. No other major physical complications were detected in significant values or seriousness. Predictive factors of clinical UTI were low age and high mean catheterization volume in female patients. In male patients low age, neurogenic bladder dysfunction and non-self-catheterization were predictors in addition to urine leakage in those with neurogenic dysfunction. Bacteriuria was a risk factor of future clinical infection and bacteriuria. No other risk factor of bacteriuria could be identified in the female population, while low frequency of catheterization, high age and non-self-catheterization were found predictive in males. Patients using antiinfective agents had significantly more clinical UTI compared with non-users. Most patients were able to perform CIC themselves (90%), and approximately 70% had no problems with the CIC procedure. However, 1/3 of the patients experienced CIC as aversive. These patients had significantly higher distress and discomfort scores. Aversion and distress were more often reported by younger patients and females, and by patients with non-neurogenic bladders. The patients' physical disability and their length of previous CIC experiences did not seem to influence the feelings of aversion. Twenty-six % of the CIC-patients followed for a year reported major impairment in their overall quality of life, while seven percent reported a wish to be dead and away from it all. Females with infranuclear lesions and detrusor myopathies scored higher than males on unpleasant health perceptions, state anxiety and physical discomfort by performing CIC. In males, the social role function one year later was predicted by initial anxiety and urinary tract infection, whereas in females by initial anxiety only. Discomfort by CIC was predicted by initial infection in males, and by none or moderate medical comorbidity, initial depression and infection in females. This study has shown that patients treated with CIC have some, but mostly minor, physical complications. Most of the patients accepted the treatment and reported a good quality of life. The present study confirms that CIC is a valuable treatment in patients suffering from urinary retention in cases of neurogenic as well as non-neurogenic bladder dysfunction. In the author's opinion CIC is the superior treatment for this category of patients. ER  - 
Thromboxane production in copper-deficient and marginal platelets: Influence of superoxide dismutase and lipid hydroperoxides; Platelet thromboxane (TX) production was examined in response to dietary copper. Groups of eight rats were fed copper-deficient, -marginal, and - adequate diets providing 0.5, 1.7, and 7.5 μg Cu/g, respectively, with controlled dietary Se and vitamin E. Platelets were purified and washed by centrifugation. Separate platelet samples from each rat were challenged with 10 μg/ml of collagen and 1 unit/ml (27.3 nM) of thrombin in Tyrode's buffer, 2.0 mM Ca2+. Platelet copper-dependent superoxide dismutase (CuSOD) activity showed a significant depression with reduced diet copper, but platelet glutathione peroxidase activity was unaffected. Challenged platelet TX production showed a significant 1.5- to 2.5-fold increase in response to both dietary copper deficiency and marginality, with highly significant negative correlations between challenged platelet TX production and platelet CuSOD activity and between TX production and copper status (liver copper). Endogenous (unchallenged) platelet lipid hydroperoxide concentrations, measured as free fatty acid hydroperoxides by a glutathione-disulfide- specific glutathione reductase recycling assay, showed a nonsignificant 47- 67% increase in copper deficiency. Pooled data showed a significant 71% increase in platelet lipid hydroperoxides in copper deficiency. Platelet TX production showed a significant correlation with endogenous lipid hydroperoxides. The results suggest that dietary copper insufficiency increases platelet TX synthesis through changes in CuSOD in a dose-responsive (diet copper and platelet CuSOD activity) manner, and that platelet TX synthesis is influenced by lipid hydroperoxides (peroxide tone). ER  - 
Toxic shock syndrome in group A streptococcal infection; Three new cases of toxic shock syndrome due to infection with group A beta-hemolytic streptococci are described and similar cases in the literature are reviewed. The typical features of this disease include rapid development of multiorgan failure with renal impairment and, in many patients, also the respiratory distress syndrome. Cardiac dysfunction with myocardial depression is a prominent feature which is most reasonably explained by an effect of the septicaemia per se but may also be toxic cardiomyopathy mediated by circulating toxins. Other major findings include exanthema--often with the development of haemorrhagic bullae as part of toxic epidermal necrolysis. In patients with initial soft tissue infection this is rapidly progressive and often associated with necrotizing fasciitis and myositis, which may give rise to a compartment syndrome with rhabdomyolysis. In addition to conventional therapy with antibiotics, fluid replacement and inotropics, most patients with extensive soft tissue infection also require surgical intervention with debridement and occasionally fasciotomy. ER  - 
Degree of protein deficiency affects the extent of the depression of the antioxidative enzyme activities and the enhancement of tissue lipid peroxidation in rats; To investigate the effects of various dietary protein levels on tissue lipid peroxidation and antioxidative enzyme activities, four groups of Long- Evans male weanling rats were fed a 6, 8, 12 or 20% lactalbumin diet for 6 wk. The red blood cell in vitro spontaneous hemolysis values were 28.6, 24.9, 18.9 and 14.1% for the rats fed the 6, 8, 12 and 20% lactalbumin diets, respectively. The thiobarbituric acid-reactive substances (TBARS) in plasma, RBC, liver, kidney, muscle, lung, spleen and heart were lowest in the group fed the 20% lactalbumin diet. Rats fed the diet containing 12% lactalbumin had significantly greater TBARS in plasma, spleen, kidney and muscle compared with rats fed the 20% lactalbumin diet. Rats fed the 8% lactalbumin diet had markedly higher TBARS levels (P < 0.05) in all tissues examined than did those fed the 12% lactalbumin diet. The TBARS in all eight tissues of the rats fed the 6% lactalbumin diet were even higher than those of rats fed the 8% lactalbumin diet (P < 0.05). The activities of glutathione peroxidase, superoxide dismutase and glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase in RBC were gradually lowered (P < 0.05) when the dietary protein level was decreased stepwise. The activities of these antioxidative enzymes in liver also were reduced significantly when dietary protein level decreased from 20 to 12% and then to 8%. These enzyme activities in the rats fed the diet containing 6% lactalbumin generally were not different from those of the rats fed 8% lactalbumin. Thus, the degree of protein deficiency affects the extent of the depression of the antioxidative enzyme activities and the enhancement of tissue lipid peroxidation. ER  - 
Oropharyngeal abscessation in two cows secondary to administration of an oral calcium preparation.; This paper describes two cases of infection of the soft palate and pharyngeal wall in cattle. The infections were secondary to trauma and laceration received during treatment with an oral calcium preparation which was given to treat post-parturient hypocalcemia. Clinical signs included dehydration, depression, pseudoptyalism, and fetid breath. Other signs involved the upper respiratory and gastrointestinal tracts. Digital oral examination revealed the traumatized regions. Treatment included antibiotics and non-steroidal antiinflammatory agents. A semipermanent rumenostomy was performed on one cow for fluid and nutritional maintenance, but she died from secondary septic peritonitis. The second cow survived. ER  - 
Induced termination of pregnancy before and after Roe v Wade: Trends in the mortality and morbidity of women; The mortality and morbidity of women who terminated their pregnancy before the 1973 Supreme Court decision in Roe v Wade are compared with post-Roe v Wade mortality and morbidity. Mortality data before 1973 are from the National Center for Health Statistics; data from 1973 through 1985 are from the Centers for Disease Control and The Alan Guttmacher Institute. Trends in serious abortion-related complications between 1970 and 1990 are based on data from the Joint Program for the Study of Abortion and from the National Abortion Federation. Deaths from illegally induced abortion declined between 1940 and 1972 in part because of the introduction of antibiotics to manage sepsis and the widespread use of effective contraceptives. Deaths from legal abortion declined fivefold between 1973 and 1985 (from 3.3 deaths to 0.4 death per 100 000 procedures), reflecting increased physician education and skills, improvements in medical technology, and, notably, the earlier termination of pregnancy. The risk of death from legal abortion is higher among minority women and women over the age of 35 years, and increases with gestational age. Legal-abortion mortality between 1979 and 1985 was 0.6 death per 100 000 procedures, more than 10 times lower than the 9.1 maternal deaths per 100 000 live births between 1979 and 1986. Serious complications from legal abortion are rare. Most women who have a single abortion with vacuum aspiration experience few if any subsequent problems getting pregnant or having healthy children. Less is known about the effects of multiple abortions on future fecundity. Adverse emotional reactions to abortion are rare; most women experience relief and reduced depression and distress. ER  - 
Copper-marginal and copper-deficient diets decrease aortic prostacyclin production and copper-dependent superoxide dismutase activity, and increase aortic lipid peroxidation in rats; Agonist challenged aortic prostacyclin production was examined in copper- adequate, -marginal and -deficient rats fed AIN-based diets providing 6.7, 1.7 and 0.8 μg Cu/g, respectively. Aortic rings were incubated in Krebs- Henseleit salts, 10 mmol/L HEPES buffer, pH 7.4, 95%:5% O2:CO2, 37°C, and equilibrated for 1 h. Equilibrated rings were challenged with buffer (basal), 273.0 nmol/L thrombin and angiotensin II at 84.6 pmol/L and 846.0 pmol/L. Prostacyclin production, determined at 10 minutes by RIA as 6-keto prostaglandin F(1α), in basal and 84.6 pmol/L angiotensin II ring incubations was significantly reduced by 28 to 48% in copper-deficient rats. With thrombin or 846.0 pmol/L angiotensin II prostacyclin production was significantly reduced by 18 to 55% in copper-marginal and copper-deficient rats. Copper-dependent superoxide dismutase activity was significantly depressed by 30 and 57% in aortae of copper-marginal and copper-deficient rats. Lipid peroxidation, estimated by the thiobarbituric acid test, was significantly increased by 85% in copper-deficient rats, with a nonsignificant 40% increase in aortae from copper-marginal rats. The results suggest that the decreases in aortic prostacyclin production in aortea from both copper-deficient and copper-marginal rats are associated, in a dose- dependent manner, with copper-dependent superoxide dismutase depression and increases in aortic lipid peroxidation. ER  - 
Differential in vivo and in vitro effect of gentamicin on glutamate synthesis and glutamate deamination in rabbit kidney-cortex tubules and mitochondria; The effect of gentamicin on both glutamate synthesis and glutamate deamination was studied in kidney-cortex mitochondria and tubules isolated from both control and gentamicin-treated animals. In kidney-cortex mitochondria which were permeabilized in order to make a free access of substrates and antibiotic to the glutamate dehydrogenase, gentamicin appeared to be a very potent inhibitor of glutamate synthesis, resulting in about 60% decrease of the enzyme activity at 5 mM concentration. Other aminoglycoside antibiotics decreased the enzymatic activity, in the following order: gentamicin > neomycin = tobramycin = kanamycin > biodacyna > amikacin > streptomycin. This, in principle, corresponds to their known nephrotoxic potential observed in vivo. The inhibitory action of antibiotics was abolished by neither ADP nor leucine, allosteric activators of glutamate dehydrogenase. Surprisingly, gentamicin did not decrease the rate of ammonia formation from glutamate when added to both renal tubules and mitochondria isolated from control rabbits. This indicates that the antibiotic exerts its inhibitory effect on glutamate dehydrogenase activity in the direction of glutamate synthesis only. In contrast, the rate of both glutamate deamination and glutamate synthesis was about 40% lower in renal tubules and mitochondria isolated from kidney-cortex of animals which were given antibiotics for 10 days. In view of these results it seems that (i) the depression of ammoniagenesis in gentamicin-treated animals may be due to a decrease of glutamate dehydrogenase content and (ii) under conditions in vitro the aminoglycoside inhibits the enzyme activity in the direction of glutamate synthesis while it does not affect the glutamate deamination. ER  - 
The role of immune effector cells in flavone acetic acid-induced injury to tumor cells in EMT6 spheroids; Inhibition of tumor blood flow appears to a major antitumor mechanism of flavone acetic acid (FAA), although non-ischemic processes may also be a significant role. To distinguish between direct and immune effector cell- mediated cytotoxicity as the basis for non-ischemic killing, effects of FAA were compared in EMT6 spheroids grown entirely in vitro and spheroids recovered from the peritoneal cavities of mice after six days of in vivo growth (ex vivo spheroids). Approximately 50% of the cells in the latter case were of host origin (macrophages and lymphocytes). Ex vivo spheroids showed specific histological changes when exposed to FAA, including tumor cell rounding, apoptosis, depression of mitotic activity and dissolution of necrotic debris in the spheroid core. Quantitation of histological changes indicated these effects to be significantly greater in ex vivo than in vitro spheroids. The histological changes in FAA treated ex vivo spheroids were partially inhibited by dexamethasone. Oxygen tension did not influence the response of spheroids to FAA. The results suggest that immune effector cells, probably macrophages, mediate blood flow-independent antitumor effects of FAA. ER  - 
Characteristics of thrombocyte metabolism in puerperae with massive blood loss and gestosis and possible ways of its metabolic correction; Succinate dehydrogenase, phospholipid and glycogen activities were measured by cytochemical methods in puerperae with massive blood loss in the presence of gestosis in order to investigate platelet metabolism and the possible approaches to metabolic correction. A significant depression of platelet intracellular metabolism was revealed in these puerperae. Metabolic correction agents (acetyl salicylic acid, essential, alpha-tocopherol, retinol) were added to routine intensive therapy. The treatment was conducive to normalization of the metabolic processes and rapid recovery of puerperae with massive blood loss developing in the presence of gestosis. ER  - 
Comparison between of acupuncture and epidural anesthesia in appendectomy; It was a clinic comparative observation of the effects between acupuncture and epidural anesthesia in appendectomy. Eighty patients with appendicitis were randomly divided into two groups, each of 40 Patients. The results were no significant difference between two groups in successful rate. It is convinced that acupuncture on Zusanli points (ST36) has analgesia. There were less respiratory depression, hypotension, cardiac arrhythmia and less amount of liquid infusion needed than that of the epidural block during operation. Furthermore, in the group of acupuncture anesthesia, the intestinal gas excreted earlier, the analgetics and antibiotics administered were less and the rate of the wound infection were reduced after operation. These postoperative effects were significantly better than the controls. As it is of clear-cut effects of anesthesia by acupuncture with main points Zusanli and auxiliary points Hegu (LI4) and less interfered life sign in the operation, thus it is desirable to use acupuncture anesthesia in appendectomy. ER  - 
Risk factors for infection in the trauma patient.; The most common cause of late death following trauma is sepsis. The traumatized patient has a significant increased risk of infection. Transfusion, hypotension, and prolonged ventilatory support are predictive of septic complications. In addition, the trauma patient has a higher predisposition to pneumonia than nontrauma patients (18% versus 3% incidence of pneumonia, P < .001). Additional risk factors include the degree of nutrition status and the type of medications used during surgery. Immunologic depression may be an additional risk factor. There is mounting evidence that trauma can result in host defense abnormalities. To prevent the significant mortality caused by sepsis, close surveillance must be maintained, nutritional status must be optimal, and liberal use of antibiotics should be discouraged. Their use should be guided by appropriate cultures and sensitivities. ER  - 
Effects of niflumic acid on polyphosphoinositide and oxidative metabolism in polymorphonuclear leukocytes from healthy and thermally injured rats; Thermal injury in rats leads to an impairment of polymorphonuclear leukocyte (PMN) functions, particularly oxidative metabolism and phosphoinositide turnover. As prostaglandin E2, which has immunosuppressive properties, is released in high levels after burn trauma, we investigated the in vitro and in vivo effects of a nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drug, niflumic acid, on oxidative and phosphoinositide metabolism in PMNs from healthy and burned rats. Given the role of fluoride ions on PMN, the influence on niflumic acid was compared with that of sodium fluoride (NaF) at equivalent doses of F-. In vitro, niflumic acid and sodium fluoride had no effect on oxidative metabolism in stimulated by formyl methionyl-leucyl-phenylalanine (FMLP) or opsonized zymosan (OZ) or nonstimulated PMNs from healthy and burned rats. Niflumic acid slightly increased the production of inositol phosphate by nonstimulated PMNs from healthy and burned rats. Niflumic acid and NaF partly restored the stimulating effect of FMLP on inositol phosphate production by PMNs from burned rats. In vivo treatment with niflumic acid and NaF increased the oxidative metabolism of PMNs from burned rats but not healthy rats. Niflumic acid, more than NaF, restored the activity of both stimulants on phosphoinositide metabolism in PMNs from burned rats. In conclusion, at non-antiinflammatory doses, while inhibiting cyclooxygenase activity, niflumic acid exerts a complex effect on the burn-induced depression of PMN functions. The fluoride anion induces similar but generally weaker effects and seems to be involved in the restoring effects of niflumic acid on PMN functions in burned rats. ER  - 
Progressive facial hemiatrophy: Report of five cases and biochemical analysis of connective tissue; Five cases of progressive facial hemiatrophy (PFH) are reported. A nonindurated depression on normal-colored skin was observed in the cheeks of 3 subjects, and 2 patients showed indurated, pigmented atrophic lesions associated with linear scleroderma or generalized morphea. Lipoatrophy with mild subcutaneous fibrosis was observed histologically in the patients with nonindurated depressions. In contrast, the patients with indurated lesions exhibited a marked dermal fibrosis and the disappearance of appendices in the dermis. When compared with unaffected skin used as a control, collagen and glycosaminoglycan contents were not different in diseased areas. However, the dermatan sulfate/hyaluronic acid ratio was increased 1.5- to 3.2-fold in PFH patients regardless of their clinical and histological differences. These results suggest that both types of PFH may be based on a similar connective tissue disorder. ER  - 
Systemic hemodynamic abnormalities and vasopressor therapy in sepsis and septic shock; Septic shock, a distributive form of shock, is a common and lethal disease characterized by tachycardia, hypotension, normal or elevated cardiac index, and decreased systemic vascular resistance (SVR). For 2 to 4 days after onset of shock, the left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) is depressed; with adequate volume replacement, the left ventricle dilates and cardiac output (CO) is maintained or increased. In survivors, these abnormalities reverse to normal within 7 to 10 days. The myocardial depression found in patients with septic shock is not associated with global myocardial ischemia. In our animal model of sepsis, myocardial depression is not associated with impaired myocardial high-energy stores, or abnormal myocardial oxygen utilization. However, septic animals have histopathologic evidence of coronary nonocclusive microvascular damage and myocyte injury. The majority of human deaths caused by septic shock are related to the peripheral vascular dysfunction and multiorgan system failure that occurs over time. The pathophysiology of this disease is complex. Clinical and experimental evidence support the notion that myocardial depression, peripheral vascular abnormalities, and multiorgan dysfunction result from the combined effect of exogenous and endogenous mediators (eg, endotoxin, cytokines, and nitric oxide) released during septic shock. Although conventional therapy with fluids, vasopressors, and antibiotics is effective, the disease still has a high mortality rate. Studies investigating the effects of bacterial toxins and potentially harmful host mediators offer the greatest hope in finding new ways to eradicate this highly lethal disease. ER  - 
Effect of compounds from Mandevilla velutina on bradykinin-mediated contractile and relaxant responses of the isolated guinea pig trachea; This study examines the action of three putative functional bradykinin (BK) antagonists isolated from Mandevilla velutina on BK and other agonist-induced contraction or relaxation responses in intact or in epithelium-denuded strips of tracheal muscle from guinea pigs. Compound MV 8612 (8 and 16 μM) and MV 8610 (12 and 24 μM) caused a graded rightward displacement of BK dose response curves in the isolated guinea pig trachea (dose ratio 2- to 4-fold). Compound MV 8608 (28 μM) had a small effect on BK contractile responses. At high concentrations, compound MV 8612 (24 μM) caused a slight but significant depression of the BK-induced maximal responses. These pharmacological actions appear to be quite selective towards BK, since within the same concentration range these compounds failed to interfere with the sensitivities to prostaglandin F(2α), carbachol and histamine. However, these compounds significantly enhanced maximal responses to the latter two agonists, an action that was not influenced by indomethacin. In addition, MV 8612 and MV 8608 (16 and 56 μM) significantly potentiated BK-mediated epithelium-dependent relaxation responses in preparations precontracted with carbachol. These compounds also significantly potentiated isoprenaline but not theophylline-relaxant responses, an action that seems to occur independently of the generation of cyclooxygenase products of arachidonic acid pathway. These results further extend our previous studies and indicate that some of the M. velutina compounds exert a weak though selective antagonistic action against BK-induced contractile responses of the isolated epithelium-denuded guinea pig tracheal smooth muscle and potentiate BK-induced relaxations in tissues with intact epithelium precontracted with carbachol. The exact mechanism by which M. velutina compounds exert these effects remains unclear at present. ER  - 
A report of two cases of cervical necrotizing soft-tissue infection; Two recent cases of cervical necrotizing soft-tissue infection are herein presented. Case 1. A 52-year-old man with uncontrolled diabetes was hospitalized because of an erythematous swelling of the left side of his neck and high grade fever. Fetid yellowish pus exuded from the left parotid area. The swelling extended from the left temporal area to the left supraclavicular fossa, with necrosis of the parotid gland, sternocleidomastoid, masseter and a portion of the strap muscles. Wound cultures revealed Staphylococcus aureus and alpha-hemolytic streptococcus. No anaerobic bacteria were detected. Treatment consisted of intravenous administration of antibiotics, control of diabetes with insulin, and debridement of the necrotic tissue, which left an epidermal defect in the initially swollen area. Transfer of a forearm free flap was done after the growth of healthy granulation tissue over the affected area. Case 2. A 55-year-old woman with rheumatoid arthritis was transferred to our hospital after tracheotomy performed in another hospital because of dyspnea due to severe crepitant swelling of her cheeks and submandibular areas bilaterally, and her left temporal area. A copious amount of fetid pus exuded from the incisions made in the left temporal area, left cheek, and right submandibular area. There were bilateral diffuse rales. Culturing the pus revealed alpha-hemolytic streptococci, while MRSA and Pseudomonas aeruginosa were detected from cultures of sputum. No anaerobic bacteria were found. After intravenous administration of antibiotics, infected wounds and pneumonia were ameliorated, and necrotic subcutaneous tissue and fascia were debrided. The patient was discharged with a residual depression in her left cheek and a scar on her left temporal area. ER  - 
Drug-induced acid-base disorders; Drug-induced acid-base disorders may be classified into four categories with respect to the mechanism. 1. Metabolic acidosis is induced by a large acid loads incurred from exogenous sources (e.g. NH4Cl, or toxin ingestion) or endogenous acid production (e.g. generation of ketoacids or lactic acids by alcohol or phenformin) or base loss (e.g. abuse of laxatives). 2. Metabolic alkalosis results from exogenous bicarbonate loads (e.g. milk-alkali syndrome) or effective extracellular fluid contraction, potassium depletion plus hyperaldosteronism (e.g. vomiting, diuretics, or licorice). 3. Renal tubular acidosis is induced by the drugs which mainly impair proximal and/or distal tubules (e.g. vitamin D, NSAID, acetazolamide or amphotericin B). 4. Respiratory acidosis or alkalosis results from drug-induced respiratory center depression or neuromuscular impairment (e.g. anesthetic, sedative overdosage or curare) or hyperventilation (salicylates, paraldehyde, epinephrine, or nicotine). ER  - 
Natural resistance to infection: Leukocyte functions; The nonspecific immune system has an extraordinarily important role in prevention of and response to wound infection. In the presence of injury or contamination, leukocytes adhere to local endothelial cells in response to complement signals through an integrin mechanism; they then migrate to the affected tissue site to locate, ingest, and kill microbes. Clinically, the major weaknesses in this system are impairment of cell recruitment and depression of microbial killing mechanisms; intracellular killing is the most problematic step in the process. Provided that leukocytes are able to migrate and ingest bacteria, nonoxidative killing proceeds in a normal fashion. Oxidative killing, however, can be profoundly impaired by poor blood perfusion and oxygenation. Low oxygen tension is a common clinical problem in surgical sites and wounds. There are a number of ways in which oxidative killing can be supported and facilitated in the clinical arena in a manner that is likely to enhance the effects of antibiotics in the treatment and prevention of infection. ER  - 
Effects of bright artificial light on monoamines and neuropeptides in eight different brain regions compared in a pigmented and nonpigmented rat strain; Seasonal affective disorder is a form of depression which recurs at the same time of the year. Exposure to bright artificial light at a dose of 2,500 lux is used to treat seasonal affective disorders. We exposed a pigmented (Brown Norway) and a nonpigmented (Sprague-Dawley) rat strain with bright artificial light for 21 days at two doses (2,500 and 6,100 lux) and analyzed dopamine, dihydroxyphenyl-acetic acid, 5-hydroxytryptamine (5-HT), and 5- hydroxyindole-acetic acid (5-HIAA) by high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) and electrochemical detection in eight different brain regions. Furthermore, we measured tissue levels of substance P (SP), neurokinins (NK), vasoactive intestinal polypeptide (VIP), calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP), and neuropeptide Y (NPY) with radioimmunoassay. Our data obtained with light microscopy show that bright artificial light at both doses induced a massive destruction of photoreceptors in the retina of albino rats but not of the pigmented rat strain. Retinal lesion of photoreceptors resulted in increased tissue levels of all measured neuropeptides except SP in the hypothalamus and increased VIP in the ventral tegmental area/substantia nigra. Furthermore, increased 5-HT and 5-HIAA tissue levels were found in the ventral tegmental area/substantia nigra. In contrast, in the frontal cortex there was a significant reduction in 5-HIAA tissue levels and a decreased 5- HIAA/5-HT ratio, indicating decreased 5-HT metabolism. Light exposure of the pigmented rat strain revealed no changes in the measured biogenic amines and neuropeptides in any investigated brain region. Our data suggest that retinal lesion but not direct visual neurotransmission induced changes in neurotransmitters in some brain regions. We conclude that Brown Norway rats but not Sprague-Dawley rats are useful to study neurochemical effects of bright artificial light. However, Sprague-Dawley rats may be a useful tool to study biochemical mechanisms of photoreceptor damage by bright light. ER  - 
Ischemic injury in liver transplantation: Difference in injury sites between warm and cold ischemia in rats; Using liver allografts with warm or cold ischemia, we evaluated functional and morphological alterations in hepatocytes, sinusoidal endothelial cells and Kupffer cells in a rat transplantation model. All recipients of allografts with either 4 hr of cold or 30 min of warm ischemia lived more than 22 days and were judged viable. On the other hand, all recipients of grafts with 6 hr of cold or 60 min of warm ischemia died within 2 days and were therefore judged to be nonviable. With these viable and nonviable allograft models, hepatocyte function was evaluated by the bile output and serum glutamic-oxaloacetic transaminase, serum glutamic-pyruvic transaminase and serum lactate dehydrogenase levels; endothelial cell function was judged by the serum hyaluronic acid level, and Kupffer cell function was measured by an intravenous colloidal carbon clearance test. Hepatocyte injury was the prominent feature in warm ischemic grafts, especially in the nonviable ones. On the other hand, serum hyaluronic acid values were significantly higher in the nonviable cold ischemic group, compared with the viable counterpart, suggesting that the functional depression of endothelial cells was predominant in cold, nonviable livers. Histological examinations coincided with the above findings. The phagocytic activity of Kupffer cells was depressed by warm or cold ischemia, whereas the number of Kupffer cells was reduced in the warm ischemia group. We conclude that in liver allografts the main site of injury in warm ischemia is the hepatocytes and suggest that cold ischemia is associated with endothelial cell damage. ER  - 
Modulation of voltage-dependent Ca channel current by arachidonic acid and other long-chain fatty acids in rabbit intestinal smooth muscle; The effects of arachidonic acid (AA) and other long-chain fatty acids on voltage-dependent Ca channel current (I(Ca)) were investigated, with the whole cell patch clamp method, in longitudinal smooth muscle cells of rabbit ileum. 10-30 μM AA caused a gradual depression of I(Ca). The inhibitory effect of AA was not prevented by indomethacin (10 μM) (an inhibitor of cyclooxygenase) or nordihydroguaiaretic acid (10 μM) (an inhibitor of lipoxygenase). 1-(5-Isoquinolinesulfonyl)-2-methylpiperazine (H7; 25-50 μM) or staurosporine (2 μM) (inhibitors of protein kinase C) did not block the AA-induced inhibition of I(Ca), and application of phorbol ester (a protein kinase C activator) (phorbol-12,13-dibutyrate, 0.2 μM) did not mimic the AA action. Some other cis-unsaturated fatty acids (palmitoleic, linoleic, and oleic acids) were also found to depress I(Ca), while a trans-unsaturated fatty acid (linolelaidic acid) and saturated fatty acids (capric, lauric, myristic, and palmitic acids) had no inhibitory effects on I(Ca). Myristic acid consistently increased the amplitude of I(Ca) at negative membrane potentials. The present results suggest the possible role of AA, and perhaps other fatty acids, in the physiological and/or pathological modulation of I(Ca) in smooth muscle. ER  - 
Relevance of vasoactive mediators for the blood pressure effects of intravenous arachidonic acid injection in rats; Vasopressor response and release of eicosanoids following intravenous injection of arachidonic acid (AA) were examined in normotensive rats. AA administration caused a rapid initial fall of arterial pressure followed by a brief rise and a subsequent proloned fall in anesthetized rats. Immediately after AA injection the blood levels of TXB2 and 6-keto-PGF(1α), the stable metabolites of TXA2 and prostacyclin, rose, from 1.52 ± 0.23 ng/ml to 176.4 ± 42.6 ng/ml and from 4.05 ± 0.67 ng/ml to 171.4 ± 31.2 ng/ml, respectively. Blood pressure behaviour and eicosanoid blood level were influenced by different inhibitors and antagonists of vasoactive mediators. The cyclooxygenase inhibitor acetylsalicylic acid completely eliminated the second blood pressure depression after AA injection and simultaneously diminished TXB2 and 6-keto-PGF(1α) formation in murine blood, whereas the TXA2 receptor antagonist BM 13.177 prevented the return of the blood pressure to preinjection level after the initial brief fall in arterial pressure. Although the TXA2 synthase inhibitor HOE 944 markedly inhibited TXB2 formation, no influence on AA-induced blood pressure changes could be registered. The receptor antagonist of platelet activating factor BN 52021 and the serotonin and histamine receptor antagonist cyproheptadine also reduced TXB2 amounts, in murine blood without any effects on blood pressure behaviour. ER  - 
Treatment of respiratory infections in horses with ceftiofur sodium.; Ceftiofur sodium was evaluated as a therapy for respiratory infections in horses. This cephalosporin antimicrobial was administered intramuscularly every 24 h and at a dose of 2.2 mg/kg (1.0 mg/lb) of body weight. The efficacy of ceftiofur sodium was compared with that of a positive control drug, ampicillin sodium (recommended dose of 6.6 mg/kg [3 mg/lb], given every 12 h). Both treatments were continued for 48 h after clinical symptoms were no longer evident (maximum of 10 days). Fifty-five (55) horses with naturally acquired respiratory infections were included in the study; 28 were treated with ceftiofur and 27 with ampicillin. Clinical improvement was recorded for 92.9% of the patients treated with ceftiofur and 92.6% of the animals receiving ampicillin. Both therapies reduced body temperatures to an afebrile level after 2 days of treatment. Complete recovery/cure was noted for 78.6% of the ceftiofur patients and 59.3% of the horses treated with ampicillin. Supporting variables (depression/malaise, respiration/dyspnoea, nasal discharge) were assessed and these also substantiated the effectiveness of the treatments. Both antibiotics were well tolerated. Neither pain nor swelling were noted at the ceftiofur injection site(s). None of the animals developed diarrhoea. Data from this study indicated that ceftiofur sodium is an effective and safe treatment for respiratory infections in horses. ER  - 
Potential physiological and pathophysiological roles of nitric oxide in the brain.; Nitric oxide (NO) is a free radical molecule which has been described to play a role as a messenger molecule in at least three systems: white blood cells, blood vessels and most recently in the nervous system. In the brain, NO is produced enzymatically in postsynaptic structures in response to activation of excitatory amino acid receptors. A major action of NO is to activate soluble guanylate cyclase and to raise cGMP level in target cells. The role of NO as a messenger in long-term potentiation and in long-term depression has been established and recent studies have directly implicated NO in neuronal damage associated with vascular strokes. Concerning the role of NO in the excitatory amino acid neurotoxicity, more studies will be necessary to elucidate the implication of NO mediating neuronal damage. Whatever the exact function of NO, it is sure that this substance play an important role in the brain and that pharmacological manipulations of NO pathway will constitute a novel approach for therapeutical applications in the future. ER  - 
A jejunoileal bypass rat model for rapid study of the effects of vitamin malabsorption.; Jejunoileal bypass operation was originally done to promote weight loss for treatment of morbid obesity. We used such a model to determine if dietary vitamin absorption is compromised by such an operation. Six rats were subjected to a jejunoileal bypass, 6 control rats were pair-fed to bypassed rats; and 6 were fed ad libitum. Vitamin content of folic, B6, riboflavin, nicotinate, pantothenate, thiamin, biotin, B12, vitamins A, E, and carotene in blood and liver was determined after 8 postoperative weeks. Aside from riboflavin, blood vitamin levels were significantly depressed in bypassed rats. The deepest depression was seen for B12, carotene and vitamin E. Liver vitamin stores of folate, riboflavin, thiamin, B12, clearly were significantly depressed in the bypassed animals compared to the pair-fed and ad libitum-fed controls. This model can serve for rapidly studying micronutrient depletion due to malabsorption without dietary manipulation or antibiotics for gut sterilization. ER  - 
Intrathecal injection of acetylsalicylic acid, salicylic acid and indometacin depresses C fibre-evoked activity in the rat thalamus and spinal cord; It was aimed to assess if intrathecal (i.t.) injections of acetylsalicylic acid and salicylic acid depress C fibre-evoked activity in the sensory part of the nociceptive sysem. In rats under urethane anaesthesia, activity was elicited in single neurones in the dorsomedial part of the ventral nucleus (VDM) of the thalamus and in ascending axons of the spinal cord by supramaximal electrical stimulation of the sural nerve. Acetylsalicylic acid and salicylic acid injected i.t. significantly reduced the activity evoked in thalamic neurones. The maximum depression amounted to about 50% of the activity evoked in the controls and was produced by acetylsalicylic acid at a dose of 50 μg (0.28 μmol)/rat and by salicylic acid at a dose of 37.5 μg (0.27 μmol)/rat. Indometacin injected i.t. also reduced C fibre-evoked activity in the thalamus in a dose-dependent fashion, 100 μg producing a 50% depression. Salicylic acid (37.5 μg/rat, i.e.) depressed C fibre-evoked activity in ascending axons but had no effect on Aβ fibre-evoked activity. It is concluded that i.t. injection of acetylsalicylic acid selectively inhibits nociceptive impulse transmission in the spinal cord by an action of the salicylic acid moiety. It is possible that prostaglandins are involved in the central action of salicylic acid. ER  - 
Evaluation of fixed glucocorticoid-antibiotic combinations; Fixed combinations of glucocorticoids and antibiotics are widely used for the treatment of bacterial infections because they can cause a rapid relief of the inflammatory symptoms. However, hitherto a decisive improvement of the clinical efficacy of the combination as compared to single antibiotic therapy could not be proved. Without a real clinical advantage the combined use of glucocorticoids causes severe side effects like immune suppression with increased risk of infections, gastrointestinal lesions and depression of endogenous hydrocortisone which all will occur even after short-term use and may last for several weeks. Glucocorticoids exhibit a markedly longer duration of action than antibiotics with the risk of cumulation of the glucocorticoid. Thus, there is no kinetic compatibility as it has to be claimed for a rational combination. Due to the negative risk-benefit relation the systemic use of such combinations has to be rejected. For the topical treatment of skin disorders, however, the short-term use of combinations of corticosteroids and antibiotics with comparable pharmacokinetics on the skin like aminoglycoside antibiotics can be of clinical benefit. ER  - 
Effect of polymer species on microencapsulation by a surface neutralization method; Concerning the new microencapsulation method based on surface neutralization of enteric polymers, the effect of polymer species on microcapsule (MC) properties was studied. First, the encapsulation of crystal aspirin was performed at 40 °C using nine kinds of enteric polymer. It was known that cellulose derivative polymers such as hydroxypropyl methylcellulose acetate succinate (HPMCAS-L, -H), cellulose acetate phthalate (CAP), hydroxypropyl methylcellulose phthalate (HP-55) and carboxymethylethylcellulose (CMEC) produce effective membrane, while synthetic acrylate polymers such as methacrylic acid-methacrylic acid methylester (Eudragit L, S) and methylacrylate-methacrylic acid copolymer (MPM-05) do not. Then, microencapsulation was performed changing the preparation temperature from 10 to 60°C for HPMCAS-H, -L, CAP, CMEC and Eudragit S. The polymer content in MCs generally increased by raising the temperature with the exception of HPMCAS-H. In HPMCAS-H, the polymer content was at a maximum around 40°C. The amount of consumed core aspirin generally increased with the increase of the preparation temperature. As a rule, the amount was the least in polymers which need the least alkali for their dissolution into water. The dissolution depression of aspirin into the JP XI 1st fluid showed various tendencies due to the polymer species. Eudragit S hardly depressed at any preparation temperature. CMFC and HPMCAS-H depressed maximally around 30-50 °C. CAP depressed the most with the increase of the temperature. In order to elucidate these phenomena, phase separation behaviors were observed for the five polymers at various pHs and temperatures. As a result, the state of the polymer phase around pH 2.0-2.5 concerned well with the properties of the MCs. ER  - 
Acute oral toxicity of the new quinolone antibacterial agent levofloxacin in mice, rats and monkeys; Acute oral toxicity of (-)-(S)-9-fluoro-2,3-dihydro-3-methyl-10-(4-methyl-1-piperazinyl)-7-ox o-7H-pyrido[1,2,3-de][1,4]benzoxazine-6-carboxylic acid hemihydrate (levofloxacin, DR-3355, CAS 100986-85-4), a new quinolone antibacterial agent, was studied in ddy mice, SD rats and cynomolgus monkeys. LD50 values were 1,881 mg/kg for males and 1,803 mg/kg for females in mice, 1,478 mg/kg for males and 1,507 mg/kg for females in rats and more than 250 mg/kg in female monkeys. Toxic signs included the decrease in locomotor activity, ptosis, tremor, tonic convulsion and respiratory depression in rodents and soft feces or vomiting in monkeys. At necropsy, no treatment-related changes were observed in any species except for the enlargement of the cecum in rats. ER  - 
Cerebellar long-term potentiation under suppressed postsynaptic Ca2+ activity; To study the roles of postsynaptic Ca2+ activity in cerebellar synaptic plasticity, we used a patch-recording technique in Purkinje cell dendrites. While the combination of parallel fibre stimulation and 8-bromo cyclic guanosine monophosphate (Br-cGMP) application produced longterm depression (LTD) of the parallel fibre/Purkinje cell transmission, the same stimuli evoked long-term potentiation (LTP) during postsynaptic injection of Ethyleneglycol-bis- (β-amino-ethylether)-N, N, N', N'-tetra-acetate (EGTA). Furthermore, in the presence of α-aminobutyric acid (GABA), parallel fibre stimulation plus Br-cGMP produced LTP of extracellular K+ increases following parallel fibre stimulation. These results suggest that postsynaptic Ca2+ activity in Purkinje cells is negatively correlated to the direction of plastic changes and that the Ca2+ changes and cGMP play distinct roles in cerebellar synaptic plasticity. ER  - 
Adjuvant activity of all-trans-retinoic acid in C57Bl/6 mice; The effects of all-trans-retinoic acid were investigated on the immune responses in B57Bl/6 mice after daily oral administration for one week. In selected experiments the immunosuppressive chemicals, cyclophosphamide and cyclosporin A were used in conjunction with retinoic acid. Retinoic acid stimulated the production of antibodies against sheep red blood cells and DNP - Ficoll; however, retinoic acid did not reverse the depression caused by immunosuppressive chemicals. In non-immunized animals retinoic acid stimulated the production of IL-1 but not of IL-2. The mitogenic responses of splenocytes against concanavalin A, phytohemagglutinin and pokeweed mitogen were depressed after the retinoic acid treatment; Those against lipopolysaccharide were not influenced. Treatment with retinoic acid did not alter the mixed leukocyte responses but increased the activity of NK cells. Results indicate that retinoic acid may act as an adjuvant via activating macrophages, however, retinoic acid cannot reverse the immunosuppression induced by potent chemicals. ER  - 
A comparative analysis of healing of surgical cleft lip corrected in utero and in neonates; We studied the healing process in surgically created cleft lips in fetal mice and compared it with that in newborn mice with cleft lips. Our purpose was to determine the time for optimal healing, defined as minimal scarring, for a repaired cleft lip. Full-thickness paramedian lip incisions were made in NMRI mice in utero, in 2- and 4-day-old neonates, and in adults (n = 10 in each experimental and control group). The healing process was studied by biochemical analysis of hyaluronic acid and hydroxyproline content in the repaired cleft tissue. We found that the production of hyaluronic acid remained stable during the healing period and was similar in all experimental groups. However, there was an unexplained but consistent depression in the hyaluronic acid content of fetal tissue 2 days after repair. Hydroxyproline was present in the fetal healing tissue, but in a low concentration, starting 4 days after surgical incision of the lip. The production of hydroxyproline in 2-day-old neonates was similar to that in the fetuses throughout the healing period (p < 0.0005). However, the production of hydroxyproline increased in 4-day-old neonatal and adult tissues. In conclusion, we found an optimal healing period for mice with minimal collagen production in the late fetal stage, and this lasted 2 days after birth. ER  - 
Antiplatelet effects of 2-methyl-3-(1,4,5,6-tetrahydronicotinoyl)pyrazolo[1,5-a]pyridine in relation to its disposition in rats, rabbits and dogs; KC-764 (2-methyl-3-(1,4,5,6-tetrahydronicotinoyl)pyrazolo[1,5-a]pyridine, CAS 94457-09-7) was evaluated for the inhibition of platelet aggregation and prostanoid production in rats, rabbits and dogs, comparing with acetylsalicylic acid (ASA). Correlations between the inhibitory action and plasma concentration of KC-764 were examined in rabbits. KC-764 was 200 times more potent than ASA in inhibiting collagen-induced rabbit platelet aggregation and TXA2 production in vitro. KC-764 exhibited more selective inhibition of TXA2 production over PGI2 production than ASA. The ratio of IC50's of PGI2 production to TXA2 production of KC-764 was 175 in rats, 72 in rabbits and 65 in dogs, respectively. Such a selectivity was also confirmed ex vivo. The depression of plasma TXB2 levels was well correlated with the ex vivo antiaggregatory activity in rabbits at oral doses of KC-764 ranging from 0.02-1.5 mg/kg. The concentrations/in vitro inhibitory activity relationship was expressed by a sigmoid I(max) model equation. The ex vivo antiplatelet activity and prostanoid production were reconstructed with I(max) model equation using the simulated plasma drug concentrations and in vitro I(max) model parameters in all animals. The relationship could be applied for the prediction of the inhibitory activity of KC-764 in humans. These results indicate that KC-764 is a potent, selective and reversible antiplatelet drug, being different from ASA. ER  - 
The new generation of monoamine oxidase inhibitors; Irreversible and unspecific inhibitors of MAO were the first modern antidepressants, but after an initial success they fell into discredit due to adverse side effects. In the past two decades interest in MAO inhibitors has been renewed because of progress in basic research, a milestone being the finding that there are two subtypes of MAO, MAO-A and MAO-B. These are distinct proteins with high amino acid homology, coded by separate genes both located on the short arm of the human chromosome X. The enzyme subforms show different substrate specificities in vitro and different distributionss within the central nervous system and in peripheral organs. In the central nervous system of man MAO-A seems to be mainly involved in the metabolism of 5 HT and noradrenaline, whereas 2-phenylethylamine and probably dopamine are predominantly deaminated by MAO-B. In the intestinal tract tyramine is mainly metabolized by MAO-A. These characteristics indicate distinct physiological functions of the two MAO-subforms. Several irreversible and reversible non-hydrazine inhibitors with relative selectivities for one of the MAO-subforms have been developed. They belong to vaarious chemical classes with different modes of enzyme inhibition. These range from covalent mechanism based interaction (e.g. by propargyl- and allylaminederivatives) to pseudo-substrate inhibition (e.g. by 2-aminoethyl-carboxamides) and non-covalent interaction (e.g. by brofaromine, toloxatone and possibly moclobemide). The most important pharmacological effects of the new types of MAO inhibitors are those observed in neuropsychiatric disorders. The inhibitors of MAO-A show a favorabled action in various forms of mental depression. The drugs seem to have about the same activity as other types of antidepressants, including tricyclic and related compounds as well as classical MAO inhibitors. The onset of action of the MAO-A inhibitors is claimed to be relatively fast. Other possible indications of these drugs include disorderssd with cognitive impairment, e.g. dementia of the Alzheimer type. In subjects with Parkinson's dsiease the MAO-B inhibitor L-deprenyl exerts a L-dopa-sparing effect, prolongs L-dopa action and seems to have a favorable influence regarding on-off disabilities. The action is in general transitory (months to several years). In addition L-deprenyl has been shown to delay the necessity for L-dopad treatment in patients with early parkinsonism. Whether the drug influences the progression of the disease is still a matter of debate. L-deprenyl also appears to have some antidepressant effect (especially in higher doses) and to exert a beneficial influence in other disorders, e.g. dementia of the Alzheimer type. The role of intermediary metabolites, i.e. amphetamine and metamphetamine, in its action has not yet been fully clarified. The side effects of the new generation of MAO-inhibitorss are relatively mild. They compare favorably with those of the classical MAO-inhibitors and tricyclic and related compounds. As shown in preclinical and clinical studies, the new types of MAO-inhibitors enhance tyramined sensitivity less markedly than the classical ones and stringent dietary restrictions for the prevention of hypertensive crises can in general be avoided in patientssd under treatment with low doses of MAO-A and MAO-B inhibitors. Also, these drugs have virtually no anticholinergic effects and, with some exceptions, can generally be safely combined with a variety of other drugs. Dangerous toxicity to liver or other organs has not been observed up to now. The modes of action of MAO-A and MAO-B inhibitors in human disorders have not yet been fully clarified. Mechanisms discussed are based on selective inhibition of MAo-subforms and consequent changes in the metabolism of monoamine transmitters, leading to a cascade of established or putative events as summarized in Table 9. Also, MAO inhibitorsf possibly exert some pharmacological and clinical actions by interference with trace amines, inhibition of amine uptake, protection against environmental toxins and prevention of the formation of intermediary free radicals. ER  - 
Simultaneous treatment of chickens with salinomycin and tiamulin in feed.; Laboratory and field experiments involving more than 100,000 birds were performed to assess the effect of simultaneous in-feed medication of chickens with salinomycin and tiamulin at various concentrations. In an artificial infection study with Mycoplasma gallisepticum, low levels of tiamulin (10-40 ppm) did not induce signs of ionophore intoxication with salinomycin at 60 ppm in the feed, whereas levels of 50 ppm caused early signs with a mild growth depression. A level of 20 ppm gave a maximum average improvement in growth rate of 12.5%. There was a dose-related response in mycoplasma lesion inhibition, with 50 ppm reducing lesions by 75%. In the two field trials, chickens suffering from mycoplasmosis complicated with infectious bronchitis and receiving 60 ppm salinomycin in the feed showed marked improvements in mortality rates, lesion scores, and feed-conversion efficiency when tiamulin was added at 20 ppm and 30 ppm in the feed. There were no signs of incompatibility between the two antibiotics at these levels. ER  - 
Upper extremity contractures in a patient with eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome; L-tryptophan is an essential amino acid taken as an over-the-counter nutritional supplement for a variety of conditions including chronic pain, insomnia, and depression. In October 1989 several patients were reported having eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome (EMS) who had taken L-tryptophan in large doses. Little is known about the long-term outcomes of EMS. A patient with EMS who developed contractures of the upper extremities because of severe myalgias is discussed. Early aggressive rehabilitative intervention may prevent contractures in patients with EMS. ER  - 
Cerebrospinal fluid biochemical correlates of behavior in partial epilepsy; We correlated interictal (>6 h after seizure) cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) levels of homovanillic acid (HVA), 5-hydroxyindoleacetic acid (5-HIAA), neuropeptides, amino acids, and cortisol with self-report behavioral rating scales in 19 patients with medically intractable complex partial seizures. The Beck Depression Inventory, Spielberger Trait Anxiety Scale, and Personality Disorders Questionnaire-Revised [DSM-IIIR-based personality disorder (PD) rating scale] were used to assess behavior. There were no significant correlations between either HVA or 5-HIAA and behavioral scores. The strongest findings were the positive correlations between CSF levels of neuropeptide Y and depression and between CSF levels of cortisol and antisocial PD. Five other significant correlations were also found. There was no significant effect of the presence or levels of carbamazepine or phenytoin on those CSF neurochemicals that were associated with behavioral scores. This preliminary study suggests that certain behavioral features in epilepsy may have neurochemical markers. ER  - 
Responses of neutrophils and lymphocytes in the cold stress: Effects of nonsteroid anti-inflammatory drugs; The cold stress induced in rabbits by lowering their body temperature by 3°C resulted in neutrophilia and a decrease in number of phagocytes and phagocytized bacteria. The stress did not affect the number of lymphocytes and the ability of forming E rosettes by T lymphocytes, but depressed the formation of EAC rosettes by B lymphocytes. This inhibition of neutrophil activity was antagonized completely by acetylsalicylic acid, and substantially by mefenamic acid and indometacin administered, in doses inhibiting pyrogen-induced fever, either 2.5 h before or 1.5 h after the hypothermia. The drugs did not antagonize the depression of the ability of formation of EAC rosettes. ER  - 
Oral contraceptive drug interactions: Important considerations; Interactions with oral contraceptives (OCs) occur with drugs commonly used to treat epilepsy, tuberculosis, and depression. Most women are more likely to use antibiotics, analgesics, and antihistamines, which have also been shown to interact with OCs. The mechanisms behind these interactions may be hepatic microsomal enzyme induction or inhibition, interference with the enterohepatic circulation of steroid metabolites, interference with absorption, competition between two drugs for the same metabolizing enzyme, or induction of an opposite physiologic effect. Rifampin was the first drug reported to interfere with the efficacy of OCs. The anticonvulsants and certain antibiotics, namely ampicillin and tetracycline, also decrease the efficacy of OCs. Oral contraceptives also interfere with the metabolism of other drugs. Plasma concentrations of theophylline, diazepam, and certain other benzodiazepines are increased by OC steroids. Because OCs interact with a wide variety of prescription and over-the-counter medications, a thorough drug history should be taken in all patients taking OCs. ER  - 
Equine monocytic ehrlichiosis (Potomac horse fever): a review.; In the late 1970s, a new infectious disease in horses, involving acute enteritis, was recognised in the Potomac River area of Maryland, U.S.A. The causative agent was identified subsequently as a new species of rickettsial organism, later named Ehrlichia risticii. Since then, the disease has been reported in many other states, and in enzootic areas vaccination is common. Signs associated with the clinical disease included depression, fever, anorexia, decreased or absent intestinal sounds, profuse watery diarrhoea and laminitis. However, considerable variation in clinical manifestations has been reported in both the natural and experimental disease. Accurate diagnosis depends on serological testing; currently, the immunofluorescent antibody test (IFA) is used widely, although an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) has been developed recently. Mortality in untreated cases is 15 to 35 per cent. Antibiotics of the tetracycline series have shown activity against the organism in vitro, in an in vivo murine model and appear to be useful in clinical cases. ER  - 
Prostaglandin synthesis and fatty acid composition of phospholipids and triglycerides in skeletal muscle of chicks fed combinations of flaxseed oil and animal tallow; Chicks were fed isocaloric and isonitrogenous diets containing 6% (w/w) added fat consisting of various proportions of animal tallow and flaxseed oil (FSO). No differences among treatments were seen in growth rate, muscular deposition of protein and lipids nor in the muscle phospholipid (PL) and triglyceride (TG) contents. Prostaglandin (PG)E2 synthesis in isolated skeletal muscle was depressed significantly by feeding FSO or by treatment with naproxen (6-methoxy-α-methyl-2-napthalene-acetic acid), an inhibitor of PG synthesis. The changes associated with diet may be related to differences in the fatty acid composition of muscle lipids. Levels of saturated fatty acids in muscle PL and TG were relatively insensitive to dietary treatments. Monounsaturated fatty acid levels were significantly lower in the FSO-fed groups. FSO diets caused significant depression in muscle PL 20:4ω6 and almost completely inhibited 22:5ω6 incorporation. FSO diets decreased ratios of ω6/ω3 fatty acids and increased the unsaturation index of muscle PL. Muscles of chicks fed FSO showed increased levels of 18:3ω3, and of its derivatives 20:4ω3 and 22:5ω3. These results suggest that FSO inhibits PG synthesis and modifies the fatty acids of PL and TG of chick muscle. These changes may have implications for PG-dependent and/or membrane dependent processes in muscle metabolism. ER  - 
CSF GABA in depressed patients and normal controls; The inhibitory neurotransmitter gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) has been implicated in the pathophysiology of depression. Therefore, we examined cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) levels of GABA in depressed patients (N = 25) and normal controls (N = 20). There was no significant difference between the groups. However, among the depressed patients the subgroup of unipolar melancholic patients (N = 13) had significantly lower CSF levels of GABA than the rest of the depressed patients (N = 12). There was no significant difference for CSF levels of GABA between depressed patients who were (N = 14) or were not (N11) cortisol non-suppressors. It was of interest that among the controls there was a significant negative correlation between CSF levels of GABA and CSF levels of norepinephrine. ER  - 
Adaptation of the body to stressors prevents the cardiotoxic effect of rifampicin but not polymyxin B; It was established on isolated rat hearts that adaptation of the organism to stress exposure effectively limits toxic effect of chronic rifampicin administration (7 mg/kg/day for 8 days) and does not affect the depression of contractile function induced by chronic polymyxin B administration (0.12 mg/kg/day for 8 days). Possible mechanism of the effect of organism's adaptation to stress on the resistance of heart to antibiotics is under discussion. ER  - 
Gram-negative sepsis; Sepsis is a life-threatening systemic condition that may develop in patients with serious infections. Sepsis is defined by major systemic manifestations of infection (tachypnea, tachycardia, and fever or hypothermia) and is often associated with major organ dysfunction remote to the site of infection. Although sepsis may be produced by a variety of microorganisms, most cases are due to bacterial infections. The majority of bacterial infections resulting in sepsis are due to gram-negative organisms. Both the incidence and mortality associated with gram-negative sepsis are increasing. The infection sites are likely to be associated with gram-negative sepsis include the genitourinary, gastrointestinal, and respiratory tracts. Patients at risk for gram-negative sepsis are essentially those at risk for serious gram-negative infection and include immunocompromised and hospitalized patients. The initiator of gram-negative sepsis is endotoxin, the lipopolysaccharide (LPS) component of the gram-negative bacterial cell wall. Endotoxin stimulates the release of cellular mediators of inflammation that may result in life-threatening systemic abnormalities. Patients with gram-negative sepsis are usually febrile (or hypothermic), tachycardic, and tachypneic. Hypotension may or may not be present. Systemic manifestations of sepsis include: hypotension, metabolic acidosis, altered mental status, liver dysfunction, renal insufficiency, clotting abnormalities, and lung dysfunction. The cardiovascular dysfunction is due to a combination of myocardial depression and dilated arterioles. The differential diagnosis of sepsis includes not only gram-negative infection but also gram-positive and fungal sepsis as well as non-infectious causes such as pancreatitis or burns. A clinical diagnosis of gram-negative sepsis is made in patients with known or suspected gram-negative infection who have severe systemic manifestations of infection. Definitive diagnosis of the causative organism is best made by blood cultures, which are positive in 30 to 40% of patients with a prospective clinical diagnosis of gram-negative sepsis. Therapy of gram-negative sepsis includes antibiotics, surgical intervention as indicated, and supportive therapy. Due to the continued high mortality rate, innovative therapy for gram-negative sepsis is needed. Immunotherapy seems to hold great promise. Multicenter clinical trials using monoclonal antibody against endotoxin indicate that this therapy is effective in decreasing mortality in subgroups of patients with gram-negative sepsis. Other multicenter clinical trials will test the potential efficacy of monoclonal antibody against tumor necrosis factor as well as lipid X and pentoxifylline. ER  - 
Drug-induced central nervous system disorders in elderly people; Antibiotics and psychotropic drugs are the most frequent substances which are known to induce side effects. Additional important agents like Ca antagonists, analgesics, thrombocyte aggregation inhibitors and drugs in Parkinson's disease can produce adverse reactions related to the nervous system. Flunarizine is known to induce extrapyramidal symptoms and depression. Mixed type analgesics can cause chronic headache and psychological and physical dependence. Acetylsalicylic acid as an effervescent formulation has the best bioavailability and the lowest rate of adverse reactions thus 500 mg as an effervescent agent should be the first choice of application. MAO-B inhibitor can decrease the progredience of Parkinson's disease and dopamine agonists can significantly reduce the side effects of a long lasting dopamine therapy. ER  - 
Recent advances in neuropsychopharmacology of the central histaminergic neuron system; Recent immunohistochemical studies have shown the distribution of histaminergic neurons in the mammalian brain, which are concentrated in the tuberomammillary nucleus of the posterior hypothalamus and project efferent fibers to almost all parts of the brain from the olfactory bulb to the spinal cord. Histaminergic neurons co-express other neuroactive substances, such as γ-aminobutyric acid, adenosine, substance P, galanin and Met-enkephalin-Arg-Phe. In addition, pharmacological studies have demonstrated the presence of presynaptic histamine H3-receptors (autoreceptor) in addition to H1- and H2-receptors. The specific agonist (α-methylhistamine) and antagonist (thioperamide) of H3-receptors were developed. Results from a number of studies indicate a variety of physiological roles of neuronal histamine such as thermoregulation, feeding behavior, sexual activity, sleep-wakefulness cycle, hormonal regulation and so on. Moreover, histaminergic drugs affect not only the emotional behavior, but also are effective to treat some patients of depression. Parkinson's disease, akathisia, motion sickness and so on. The central histaminergic neuron system is also affected by mental disorders and neuropsychopharmacological drugs. This review especially focused on these points and suggests that the central histaminergic neuron system may play an important role in the regulation of mental functions. ER  - 
Effects of antidepressant and antihistaminics on catalepsy induced by intracerebroventricular administration of histamine in mice; The intracerebroventricular (icv) administration of histamine but not N-telemethylhistamine and 1-methyl-4-imidazole acetic acid induced catalepsy in mice. Histamine H1-receptor blockers such as cyproheptadine, mepyramine and diphenhydramine reduced histamine-induced catalepsy. However, astemizole which is known to be without central effects, did not reduce histamine-induced catalepsy. The icv pretreatment with histamine H2-receptor blockers, such as metiamide and cimetidine, also had no effect. Moreover, various antidepressants, both imipramine- and atypical-type drugs antagonized histamine-induced catalepsy to various degrees in this experiment. Thus, the induction of catalepsy by icv administration of histamine was mediated through histamine H1-receptors, and suggested that antidepresants reduced histamine-induced catalepsy via this mechanism. Histamine-induced catalepsy is a possible new animal model of depression which can also be used for evaluation of atypical antidepressants. ER  - 
Plasma catecholamines and their metabolites in obsessive-compulsive disorder; Plasma catecholamines and their metabolites were sampled in 13 medication-free patients with obsessive-compulsive (OCD) and 29 normal controls. In addition to severe OCD symptoms, the patients had significantly higher anxiety, tension, and resting pulse rates than the controls. Nonetheless, mean plasma concentrations of norepinephrine (NE) and epinephrine (E), the catecholamine metabolites 3-methoxy-4-hydroxyphenylglycol (MHPG) and homovanillic acid (HVA), and the stress-related hormone cortisol did not differ between OCD patients and normal controls. When the patients and control populations were combined and average plasma NE and E levels calculated over 35 min, subjects with a higher mean NE output (> 1.1 pm/ml) had higher Profile of Mood States depression scores than subjects with a low NE output (< 1.1 pm/ml). Altogether, these results indicate that elevated plasma catecholamine measures are not likely to be associated with the pathophysiology of OCD. ER  - 
Effects of bradykinin in the rat isolated perfused heart: Role of kinin receptors and endothelium-derived relaxing factor; The effects of bradykinin (BK) in the microcirculation of the isolated perfused heart of the rat were examined. The kinin receptors mediating the effects of BK were characterized and the role of endothelium-derived relaxation factor (EDRF) and prostacyclin investigated. The dose-related vasodilator responses elicited by bolus doses of BK (0.001-10.0 nmol) were competitively blocked by the selective kinin B2 receptor antagonist [d-Arg0,Hyp3,Thi5,8,D-Phe7]-bradykinin (pA2 = 6.8). Des-Arg9-bradykinin, a selective kinin B1 receptor agonist had no vasodilator activity at doses of up to 10 nmol. L-N(G)-nitro arginine (100 μM; L-NOArg), an inhibitor of endothelium-dependent vasodilatation, reduced the duration but not the magnitude of the BK vasodilator response. This action of L-NOArg was not reversed by L-arginine (100 μM). Superoxide dismutase (10 units ml-1), haemoglobin (10 μM) and methylene blue (MB; 1 μM), all known to modify EDRF-mediated responses, failed to alter the vasodilator action of BK. Gossypol (1-15 μM), a presumed inhibitor of EDRF biosynthesis, caused a marked drop in perfusion pressure followed by vasoconstriction. These changes in coronary tone were accompanied by an irreversible depression of cardiac contractility and heart rate. Over the same concentration range gossypol abolished the vasodilator action of BK (1.0 nmol), however it also blocked the endothelium-independent vasodilator response to sodium nitroprusside (30 nmol) and the vasoconstrictor effect of endothelin-1 (10 pmol) which suggests non-specific toxic actions of gossypol. Bolus injections of BK (0.001-1.0 nmol) failed to elevate basal levels of prostacyclin (PGI2) as shown by assaying for its stable metabolite 6-keto-PGF (1α). In addition, BK-induced vasodilatation was not blocked by flurbiprofen (2 μM) or BW755C (7.5 μM) which are inhibitors of the arachidonic acid pathway. When added with L-NOArg (100 μM), flurbiprofen (10 μM) did not potentiate the inhibitory action of L-NOArg on the BK response. These results show that the vasodilator action of BK in the rat heart is dependent on the activation of the kinin B2 receptors but independent of PGI2 release. Although a conclusive role for EDRF could not be established, this study has questioned the suitability of several agents commonly used as inhibitors of EDRF-mediated responses. ER  - 
Alpha-1-acid glycoprotein in major depressive and eating disorders; Plasma α1-acid glycoprotein (AGP) levels were measured in 49 subjects with major depressive disorder, 15 subjects with anorexia nervosa and 18 subjects with bulimia nervosa, together with age- and sex-matched controls. AGP levels were elevated in depression and bulimia compared to controls. They were particularly elevated in depressed subjects who proved unresponsive to treatment with a standard course of antidepressants. In the depressed subjects, elevated AGP levels returned to control levels after treatment whether or not treatment was successful. There was a correlation between AGP and post-dexamethasone plasma cortisol levels in depression but not in bulimia and a correlation with age in depressed subjects only. There was no correlation between AGP values and tritiated imipramine binding parameters. Further studies are suggested to explore the issue of whether variations in AGP level are responsible for the abnormalities in platelet 5HT uptake and tritiated imipramine binding that have been reported in depression or for treatment non-response. ER  - 
Differential effects of reactive oxygen metabolites on neurally stimulated and nonstimulated guinea pig ileum; Large numbers of polymorphonuclear leukocytes which generate reactive oxygen metabolites are found in mucosa and submucosa of the intestinal wall of subjects suffering from inflammatory bowel disease. We have, therefore, examined the relative influences of hydrogen peroxide (H2O2), hypochlorous acid (HOCl) and N-chlormines such as NH2Cl, on the neurally stimulated and nonstimulated guinea pig ileum. In separate experiments the oxidants were tested in the presence and absence of the cyclooxygenase inhibitor piroxicam and the antioxidant glutathione. All three oxidants, in concentrations produced by activated neutrophils, increased the muscle tone (concentration-dependent, peak at 0.3 mM for NH2Cl and H2O2 and 1 mM for HOCl). Tetrodotoxin (0.5 μM) inhibited the NH2Cl and H2O2 effects by 50% and 70%, respectively. Piroxicam (5 μM) partially blocked maximal contractions induced by all three oxidants. The contractile response to carbachol (10 μM) was blocked by 0.3 mM NH2Cl, but not by H2O2 and HOCl. In electrically stimulated ileum the oxidants produced a concentration-dependent biphasic response (transient enhancement of neurally mediated twitch contraction followed by marked inhibition). This response was not modified by piroxicam, hexamethonium, atropine and pyrilamine. The inhibition of twitch contraction was irreversible for NH2Cl and HQCl, in contrast to H2O2, which was reversed by repeated washing. Neither the contractile effect nor the effects on nerve stimulation-induced contraction were affected by preincubation of the tissue with glutathione, whereas prior combination of NH2Cl with glutathione prevented the effects of NH2Cl. Oxidant induced contraction of guinea pig ileum appears to be via release of prostaglandins and one or more neurotransmitters. High concentrations of reactive oxygen metabolites may alter receptor function. Furthermore, wespeculate that the irreversible depression of neurally sfimulafed ileal contractions by reactive oxygen metabolites may be the result of injury to myenteric nerve endings. ER  - 
Synaptic receptors and intracellular signal transduction in the cerebellum; Glutamate receptor subtypes mediating excitatory synaptic neurotransmission in the cerebellar cortex are briefly reviewed from molecular biological, electrophysiological and pharmacological points of view. In particular, molecular biological findings of a novel family of AMPA-selective glutamate receptors are introduced, and the pharmacological and electrophysiological properties and the identity of cerebellar N-methyl-D-aspartate-sensitive receptors probably existing on Purkinje cells are discussed in comparison with well-established cerebral NMDA receptors. As possible intracellular mechanisms of the long-term depression of parallel fiber-Purkinje cell neurotransmission, the perspective of the roles of novel messengers, nitric oxide and arachidonic acid, is particularly commented based on recent information about cerebral long-term events. The specificity and possible independence of cerebellar excitatory amino acid receptors and linked intracellular second messengers are also suggested, taking the highly active guanylate cyclase system in Purkinje cells and other cerebellum-specific proteins into consideration. ER  - 
PAH extraction and estimation of plasma flow in diseased human kidneys; We have analyzed the efficiency with which p-aminohippuric acid (PAH) is extracted (E(PAH)) by patients with healthy kidneys (n = 13) or kidneys damaged by chronic cyclosporin nephropathy (n = 21) or primary glomerulopathy (n = 12); respective values (means ± SE) for E(PAH) were 0.87 ± 0.03, 0.77 ± 0.03, and 0.69 ± 0.04. Judged by a 131I-hippuran-to-PAH clearance ratio of 0.75 ± 0.05, extraction ratio of hippuran was less efficient than E(PAH) in three glomerulopathic patients. A direct relationship was defined between E(PAH) and glomerular filtration rate (GFR) (r = 0.54) or calculated efferent oncotic pressure (II(E); r = 0.41, P < 0.01). Curve fitting by means of quadratic spline functions revealed GFR and II(E) to be additive in predicting E(PAH) (R2 = 0.45). Linear model prediction methods and a sample reuse technique failed to predict E(PAH) reliably from GFR and preglomerular oncotic pressure (II(A)); however, 95% prediction intervals exceed 0.30 E(PAH) units in width. We conclude that oncotic pressure (presumably reflecting albumin concentration) along with GFR is predictive of E(PAH) depression in humans with chronic renal disease. However, even sophisticated curve-fitting techniques are too imprecise for accurate prediction of E(PAH) in a given individual. We submit that renal venous sampling to determine E(PAH) continues to be necessary for the accurate determination of the rate of plasma flow in the injured human kidney. ER  - 
Poisoning in the elderly. Epidemiological, clinical and management considerations.; Poisoning is a significant problem in the elderly. The majority of poisonings in older people are unintentional and may result from dementia and confusion, improper use of the product, improper storage or mistaken identities. Depression is also common in the elderly and suicide attempts are more likely to be successful in this age group. The elderly patient's recuperative abilities may be inadequate as a result of numerous factors including impaired hepatic or renal function as well as chronic disease processes. General management of poisoning in the elderly parallels management of younger adults, but it is especially important to ascertain underlying medical conditions and concurrent medications. In most poisonings, activated charcoal and cathartic are sufficient. Haemodialysis or haemoperfusion may be required at lower plasma drug concentrations in elderly patients. While the specific indications for antidotes are the same for all age groups, dosage alterations and precautions may need to be considered in the elderly. Drugs most often implicated in poisonings in the elderly include psychotherapeutic drugs, cardiovascular drugs, analgesics and anti-inflammatory drugs, oral hypoglycaemics and theophylline. Cardiovascular and neurological toxicities occur with overdoses of neuroleptic drugs and, more frequently and severely, with cyclic antidepressants. Patients with pre-existing cardiovascular disease are at particular risk of worsening ischaemic heart disease and congestive heart failure. Benzodiazepines only appear to produce significant toxicity during long term administration or in combination with other CNS depressants. Digoxin can cause both chronic and acute intoxication, most seriously cardiac toxicity including severe ventricular arrhythmias, second or third degree heart block or severe refractory hyperkalaemia. Immune Fab antibody is indicated for the management of digoxin toxicity, although patients dependent on the inotropic effect of digoxin may develop heart failure after digoxin Fab antibody administration. Nitrates can cause toxicity including headache, vomiting, hypotension and tachycardia from excessive sublingual, transdermal or intravenous doses. Conduction disturbances and hypotension occur with overdoses of antihypertensive drugs; these effects are mild with angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors, occasionally severe with beta-blockers and of significant concern with calcium channel antagonists. The elderly commonly use aspirin and other salicylates, are more likely to develop chronic intoxications to these agents, and are more susceptible to severe complications such as pulmonary oedema. Salicylate poisoning, recognition of which is often delayed, should be considered in elderly patients with neurological abnormalities or breathing difficulties, especially in the setting of acid-base abnormalities. The clinical effects of NSAID overdose are mild and usually involve the central nervous system and gastrointestinal tract.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS) ER  - 
Central effect of the potent long-acting H1-antihistamine levocabastine; The effects of levocabastine (R 50 547; CAS 79516-68-0) on the central nervous system were studied in comparison with those of diphenhydramine, ketotifen and azelastine. At high doses, levocabastine caused a decrease in locomotor activity, prolongation of thiopental-induced sleep, depression of acetic acid-induced writhing in mice and inhibition of active avoidance response in rats, but these adverse effects were much less potent than those seen in diphenhydramine, ketotifen and azelastine. Oxotremorine-induced tremor and salivation in mice were delayed after extremely high dosage of levocabastine; however, these were much less effective than those seen after diphenhydramine and ketotifen. Levocabastine did not affect the tonic extensor seizure induced by maximal electroshock in mice which is different from that of diphenhydramine. In EEG analysis, levocabastine at a dose of 20 mg/kg caused no significant changes in the EEG recorded from the frontal cortex, occipital cortex, hippocampus and amygdala in rats with chronic electrodes. ER  - 
Effect of high doses of essential fatty acids on the postviral fatigue syndrome; Sixty-three adults with the diagnosis of the postviral fatigue syndrome were enrolled in a double-blind, placebo-controlled study of essential fatty acid therapy. The patients has been ill for from one to three years after an apparently viral infection, suffering from severe fatigue, myalgia and a variety of psychiatric symptoms. The preparation given contained linoleic, gamma-linolenic, eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids and either it, or the placebo, was given as 8 x 500 mg capsules per day over a 3-month period. The trial was parallel in design and patients were evaluated at entry, one month and three months. In consultation with the patient the doctors assessed overall condition, fatigue, myalgia, dizziness, poor concentration and depression on a 3-point scale. The essential fatty acid composition of their red cell membrane phospholipids was analysed at the first and last visits. At 1 month, 74% of patients on active treatment and 23% of those on placebo assessed themselves as improved over the baseline, with the improvement being much greater in the former. At 3 months the corresponding figures were 85% and 17% (P < 0.0001) since the placebo group had reverted towards the baseline state while those in the active group showed continued improvement. The essential fatty acid levels were abnormal at the baseline and corrected by active treatment. There were no adverse events. We conclude that essential fatty acids provide a rational, safe and effective treatment for patients with the post-viral fatique syndrome. ER  - 
Toxic effects of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs in overdose: An overview of recent evidence on clinical effects and dose-response relationships; Nonsalicylate, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) can be divided into 4 chemical classes: acetic acids, fenamic acids, oxicams and propionic acids. Most NSAID overdoses results in a benign outcome. Of 50 614 exposures reported to poison centres in the United States in a 2-year period, 131 (0.26%) had a major outcome, with 10 deaths. Despite the generally mild effects reported in large patient series, isolated case reports have documented serious toxicity, such as seizures, hypotension, apnoea, coma and renal failure. The majority of these consequences occur after ingestion of substantial quantities by adults attempting suicide. Rarely, with ibuprofen and piroxicam, children who ingest small amounts in accidental exposure develop serious toxicity. Typical signs and symptoms of NSAID overdose include nausea, vomiting, headache, drowsiness, blurred vision and dizziness. Seizures are rarely documented across all NSAID classes, with the exception of mefenamic acid (where seizures occur in over one-third of cases), or following massive ingestion of other agents. Drugs in the propionic acid group have produced metabolic acidosis, respiratory depression and coma in severe cases. Ibuprofen is the agent with the most published data on overdose, probably because it is available without a prescription in many countries. Symptoms are unlikely after ingestion of 100 mg/kg or less, and are usually not life-threatening unless more than 400 mg/kg is ingested. There is some relationship between plasma concentrations and the potential for development of symptoms, but plasma concentrations have no impact on treatment decisions. Treatment of NSAID overdose is entirely supportive. Recent trends in emergency department procedures regarding gastric decontamination are evolving towards the recommended administration of activated charcoal without gastric emptying in patients. presenting more than 1 hour after ingestion, although gastric lavage, followed by administration of activated charcoal, may be advisable in patients who present earlier. Home administration of syrup of ipecac is still recommended if treatment is given shortly after ingestion, with a few exceptions: for example, ipecac is contraindicated after ingestion of mefenamic acid or ibuprofen in amounts greater than 400 mg/kg. Urine alkalinisation and diuresis have been recommended to enhance the elimination of NSAIDs, based on a pKa in the range of 3 to 5. However, because the drugs are universally highly protein bound, with little unchanged renal excretion, this technique is not likely to be beneficial. Haemodialysis is also unlikely to enhance elimination, but may be required if oliguric renal failure develops. Multiple dose activated charcoal may be useful in enhancing elimination of NSAIDs with long half-lives, such as piroxicam and sulindac. ER  - 
Depression of prothymosin-α production in murine thymus correlates with staphylococcal enterotoxin-B-induced immunosuppression; Prothymosin-α (ProTα) and thymosin-β4 (Tβ4) were isolated from murine thymus and characterized by microsequence analysis. Murine Tβ4 has an identical sequence to bovine Tβ4, whereas murine ProTα is highly homologous to rat ProTα. Murine ProTα differs from rat ProTα at two positions, Glu100 and Asp108 of the rat sequence are substituted by aspartic and glutamic acid, respectively, in murine ProTα. The amount of ProTα in murine thymus was found to be reduced after in vivo treatment with staphylococcal enterotoxin-B (SEB), a superantigen which stimulates T cells bearing specific Vβ receptors. Results from the anti-SRBC (sheep erythrocyte) plaque-forming cell assay showed that the antibody response of the spleen cells from these animals was also suppressed. On the other hand, the amount of Tβ4 was not changed significantly. Our studies suggest that the suppression of SEB on antibody response correlates with the depression of ProTα production in the thymus. ER  - 
A possible contribution of decrease in free fatty acids to low serum triglyceride levels after diets supplemented with n-6 and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids; Intraindividual comparisons of diets supplemented with sunflowerseed oil (rich in linoleic acid, LA, C(18:2)n-6), linseed oil (enriched with α-linolenic acid, LNA, C(18:3)n-3) and canned mackerel (rich in eicosapentaenoic acid, EPA, C(20:5)n-3 and docosahexaenoic acid, DHA, C(22:6)n-3) were made in 30 patients with primary hyperlipoproteinemia (HLP) of phenotypes IIa (n = 9), IIb (n = 7), IV (n = 7) and V (n = 7). The lipid- and blood pressure-lowering effects of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), particularly those of the EPA- and DHA-rich diet, were confirmed irrespective of the type of HLP. Apolipoproteins A-I and B remained unchanged. The most remarkable finding was a substantial depression of free fatty acids (FFA) within a standardized glucose tolerance test (GTT) associated with the fall of serum triglycerides after diets enriched with n-6 and especially after those supplemented with n-3 PUFA. It was suggested that the decrease of FFA indicates reduced peripheral lipolysis, which might be a hitherto ignored factor involved in the triglyceride-lowering action of n-6 and, more pronounced, of n-3 PUFA. ER  - 
Septic shock in humans. Advances in the understanding of pathogenesis, cardiovascular dysfunction, and therapy; Septic shock is the commonest cause of death in intensive care units. Although sepsis usually produces a low systemic vascular resistance and elevated cardiac output, strong evidence (decreased ejection fraction and reduced response to fluid administration) suggests that the ventricular myocardium is depressed and the ventricle dilated. In survivors, these abnormalities are reversible. Failure to develop ventricular dilatation in nonsurvivors suggests that dilatation is a compensatory mechanism needed to maintain adequate cardiac output. With a canine model of septic shock that is very similar to human sepsis, myocardial depression was confirmed using load-independent measures of ventricular performance. Endotoxin administration to humans simulates the qualitative, cardiovascular abnormalities of sepsis. The pathogenesis of septic shock is extraordinarily complex. Diverse microorganisms can generate toxins, stimulating release of potent mediators that act on vasculature and myocardium. A circulating myocardial depressant substance has been closely associated with the myocardial depression of human septic shock. Therapy has emphasized early use of antibiotics, critical care monitoring, aggressive volume resuscitation, and, if shock continues, use of inotropic agents and vasopressors. Pharmacologic or immunologic antagonism of endotoxin or other mediators may prove to enhance survival in this highly lethal syndrome. ER  - 
Long-term changes of synaptic transmission induced by arachidonic acid in the CA1 subfield of the rat hippocampus; The effects induced by arachidonic acid upon excitatory synaptic transmission were investigated in the CA1 subfield of rat hippocampal slices. Perfusion with medium containing 50 μM of arachidonic acid induced in 12 of 19 experiments a long-lasting potentiation of the stratum radiatum-induced responses recorded in the cell body and in the apical dendritic layers. In 5 of 19 experiments, arachidonic acid evoked a depression of the same responses. Both effects were antagonized by nordihydroguaiaretic acid which is an inhibitor of lipoxygenase enzymes. These results demonstrate that one or more than one of the arachidonic acid metabolites of the lipoxygenase pathways might be involved in the long-term modulation of synaptic transmission in the hippocampus. ER  - 
Proteoglycan metabolism in isolated chondrocytes from human cartilage. Influence of niflumic acid; The effect of niflumic acid on hyaluronic acid and proteoglycan metabolism of human cartilage cells was investigated in vitro. Cartilage cells were obtained from five different donors. Niflumic acid levels used in the test systems ranged from 0 to 22 μgr/ml and were comparable to serum concentrations in humans after oral intake. Niflumic acid increased the synthesis rates of proteoglycan in some batches of isolated and monolayer-cultured chondrocytes. The effect on hyaluronate synthesis was less pronounced. The fact that this increase in the synthesis of proteoglycan was restricted to some of the donors whereas isolated cells or tissue samples from other individuals remained unaffected illustrates the heterogeneity of different human donors. Depression of proteoglycan synthesis in the presence of the drug was never observed. ER  - 
Acetylsalicylic acid stimulates murine megakaryocyte precursor cells; Depression of platelet function with a single intraperitoneal injection of acetylsalicylic acid was found to produce significant increases in several thrombocytopoietic indicators despite no observed change in platelet counts. There was an increase in the number of megakaryocytic precursor cells (small acetylcholinesterase positive or 'SAChE+' cells), platelet size, and 35S incorporation into platelets. The results are qualitatively comparable to data from previous experiments showing that treatment of mice with a thrombocytopoiesis-stimulating factor (TSF or thrombopoietin) and rabbit anti-mouse platelet serum will elevate thrombocytopoiesis. The results presented herein indicate that interruption of platelet function by aspirin results in the production of new platelets, presumably by the action of a feedback system controlling thrombocytopoiesis. ER  - 
Neurochemical approaches to the amelioration of brain injury.; The studies reported here represent a continuing search for mechanisms which may play a role in neurological disturbances resulting from brain injury. In particular, they are part of an effort to elucidate the involvement of both the serotonergic and noradrenergic neurotransmitter systems in the wide-spread decrease in cortical glucose utilization, interpreted as reflecting a functional depression, associated with a focal cortical lesion in the rat. Quinolinic acid, an endogenous metabolite of L-tryptophan, a neurotoxin and an N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptor agonist was found to accumulate in cortical areas of a traumatized rat hemisphere in parallel with a previously demonstrated increase of 5-hydroxyindoleacetic acid. Ketanserin (20 mg/kg/day), a 5-HT2 receptor blocker ameliorated the depression of glucose utilization in traumatized brain while MK-801 (3 mg/kg, before and after lesion), an NMDA receptor blocker, had no effect. Alpha 1-adrenergic receptors, quantitated in vivo with [125I]-HEAT (iodo-2-[beta-(4-hydroxyphenyl)-ethyl-aminomethyl]tetralone), were found to be elevated in cortical areas of the lesioned hemisphere, but not in other structures. ER  - 
Effects of dexamethasone on the availability of L-tryptophan and on the insulin and FFA concentrations in unipolar depressed patients; Several authors have shown that the availability of L-tryptophan (L-TRP) in the serum is lower in patients with major depression than in controls. It has recently been reported that the administration of a dose of dexamethasone sufficient to cause cortisol suppression also caused significant decrements in the availability of L-TRP. In order to elucidate the putative pathophysiological mechanisms underlying this decreased L-TRP disoposition, the authors examined 37 depressed women categorized according to the DSM-III. L-TRP, the sum of five competing amino acids (CAA), the L-TRP/CAA ratio, and insulin and free fatty acid (FFA) levels were determined both before and after oral administration of 1 mg dexamethasone. The availability of L-TRP was significantly lower in depressed women with melancholia compared with simple major and minor depressives. The baseline disposal of L-TRP was related neither to insulin nor to FFA concentrations. Dexamethasone administration significantly reduced the L-TRP and L-TRP/CAA values and increased FFA and insulin levels. Postdexamethasone L-TRP and FFA levels were significantly and positively correlated. ER  - 
The effect of dietary fish oil supplement upon the content of dihomo-gammalinolenic acid in human plasma phospholipids; Patients (n = 23) with definite or classical rheumatoid arthritis were given 18 g/day fish oil in gelatin capsules which provided 3.2 g/day EPA and 2.0 g/day DHA. The treatment period was 12 weeks followed by a 4 week washout period. Fish oil supplementation to the diet resulted in a substantial increase in the content of EPA and DHA in each of the plasma fractions examined (PL, TG, and CE). Little change was seen in the AA level of the TG and CE fractions but a modest decrease in AA was seen in PL. However the intake of fish oil caused a significant depression in the content of DGLA in the PL (p < 0.005) and CE (p < 0.01) fractions relative to baseline values. All changes had reverted to near baseline levels 4 weeks after dietary intervention. Since DGLA is the precursor of PGE1, which has been shown to be anti-inflammatory, our findings suggest that the anti-inflammatory effects of fish oil consumption could be mitigated by an associated reduction in DGLA. ER  - 
Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and coma: A case report of fenoprofen overdose; We present the case of a 17-year-old girl who ingested 24 to 36 g fenoprofen as a suicidal gesture. She presented with coma, hypotension, metabolic acidosis, and respiratory depression within four hours of ingestion. The most common adverse effects of the nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs occur in both therapeutic and toxic doses and include gastrointestinal upset, blood dyscrasias, and analgesic nephropathy. The propionic acid derivatives of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, including fenoprofen and ibuprofen, are rarely associated with severe toxic effects. This is the first report of pure fenoprofen overdose presenting as coma and metabolic acidosis. ER  - 
Disturbances in the hypothalamo-pituitary-adrenal and other neuroendocrine axes in bulimia; Disturbances in the hypothalamo-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) and other endocrine axes were assessed in 24 women with bulimia and healthy controls. Overnight blood samples for measuring nocturnal plasma cortisol, prolactin (PRL), growth hormone (GH), luteinizing hormone (LH), and follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) were obtained at 30-min intervals. A 1.5 mg dexamethasone suppression test (DST) and a TRH-test were performed. Patients were monitored closely while their nutritional intake was recorded over 21 days. Compared with healthy controls, nocturnal cortisol plasma levels were not elevated in the bulimics. There was a trend toward insufficient cortisol suppression in the DST in patients with bulimia, which was most pronounced in patients with signs of restricted caloric intake. Plasma dexamethasone levels were significantly reduced in bulimics compared with healthy controls. There was a trend for blunted thyrotropin stimulating hormone (TSH) responses to thyrotropin releasing hormone (TRH) in bulimia. The prolactin response to TRH was significantly reduced in bulimics with a history of anorexia nervosa. Plasma LH and plasma FSH were significantly reduced in bulimics with signs of reduced caloric intake [low T3, high levels of beta-hydroxy-butyric acid (BHBA), reduced daily caloric intake, high number of fasting days] as compared with healthy controls. Bulimics with high BHBA levels had significantly reduced nocturnal prolactin plasmal levels. Results show that multiple neuroendocrine disturbances exist in bulimia in a milder form than in anorexia nervosa. Evidence for the impact of caloric intake on endocrine functions is presented. Endocrine dysfunction in our bulimic sample did not show a positive association with the presence of depressive symptoms. ER  - 
Elevated plasma concentrations of α1-acid glycoprotein, a putative endogenous inhibitor of the tritiated imipramine binding site, in depressed patients; The plasma concentration of α1-acid glycoprotein, a putative endogenous inhibitor of the site labeled by tritiated imipramine, was measured by a radial immunodiffusion assay in 36 normal human volunteers and 51 drug-free patients who fulfilled DSM-III criteria for major depression. The depressed patients exhibited a significant elevation in the plasma concentration (± SEM) of α1-acid glycoproten (79.6 ± 4 mg/dL) when compared with the age- and sex-matched controls (61.7 ± 3 mg/dL). Fourteen of the 51 patients with major depression had plasma α1-acid glycoprotein concentrations that were higher than the highest values of the normal controls. There was no relationship between plasma α1-acid glycoprotein concentrations and sex or affinity of platelet tritiated imipramine binding of either the normal volunteers or the depressed patients. In the depressed patients, there was a significant positive correlation between plasma concentrations of α1-acid glycoprotein and postdexamethasone plasma cortisol concentrations, and two measures of depression severity, the Montgomery-Asberg Rating Scale for Depression and the Center for Epidemiologic Studies-Depression Scale, and a significant negative correlation with age. These data provide the first evidence of alterations of an endogenous inhibitor of the tritiated imipramine binding site/serotonin transporter in depressed patients. ER  - 
Adverse antibiotic effects associated with renal insufficiency; We review the English-language literature on antibiotic-associated adverse reactions in patients with renal insufficiency in order to highlight this important but often overlooked clinical problem. Because many adverse reactions to antibiotics are not dependent on renal function, we have attempted to review only those reactions that are believed to be associated with renal insufficiency or that have been reported in patients with impaired renal function. Adverse effects of antibiotics in this setting can be divided into six major categories: neurologic toxicity, coagulopathy, nephrotoxicity, hypoglycemia, hematologic toxicity, and aminoglycoside inactivation by penicillins. Neurologic toxicity can be further divided into central nervous system toxicity consisting primarily of encephalopathy and seizures, ototoxicity, peripheral neuropathy, and neuromuscular blockade/respiratory depression. We explore the factors in uremia that may contribute to the susceptibility of patients with renal insufficiency to the adverse effects of antibiotics. Moreover, we make general recommendations regarding the use of the discussed antibiotics in patients with compromised renal function. ER  - 
Effect of polymorphonuclear leukocyte-derived oxygen free radicals and hypochlorous acid on cardiac function and some biochemical parameters; Polymorphonuclear (PMN) leukocyte activation is known to result in the production and release of oxygen free radicals and hypochlorous acid. Various clinical conditions are associated with PMN leukocyte stimulation. The present investigation deals with the effect of stimulated PMN leukocytes in the absence and in the presence of scavengers of oxygen free radicals (superoxide dismutase, catalase), hypochlorous acid quencher (methionine), and myeloperoxidase inhibitor (azide) on cardiac function and contractility; blood lactate, gases, and pH levels, blood and cardiac tissue malondialdehyde; and PMN leukocyte chemiluminescense activity in anesthetized dogs. Opsonised zymosan was used for stimulation of PMN leukocytes, and the effects were observed for 2 hours. The dogs were divided into four groups: group I, zymosan; group II, superoxide dismutase + catalase + zymosan; group II. methionine + zymosan; group IV, azide + methionine + zymosan. Zymosan produced a decrease in cardiac function and in indices of myocardial contractility and an increase in systemic and pulmonary vascular resistance. There was a decrease in blood pH and in PMN leukocyte chemiluminescense and an increase in the blood lactate and malondialdehyde. Superoxide dismutase plus catalase and methionine reduced the effect of zymosan on cardiac function and contractility and on blood malondialdehyde, lactate, and pH. The combination of azide and methionine did not prevent the deleterious effects of zymosan on cardiac function and contractility. Cardiac tissue malondialdehyde levels were lower in groups III and IV than in groups I and II which had values similar to each other. Methionine was superior to superoxide dismutase plus catalase in the prevention of the deleterious effects of PMN leukocyte stimulation on the various measured parameters. These results suggest that oxygen free radicals and hypochlorous acid are cardiac depressants and increase systemic and pulmonary vascular resistance in addition to causing tissue damage. Clinical situations with PMN stimulation may result in cardiac depression. The oxygen free radical scavenger and hypochlorous acid quencher may be beneficial in the counteraction of the deleterious effects of PMN leukocyte stimulation on the hemodynamic parameters and cellular integrity. ER  - 
CSF 5-HIAA, serum cortisol, and age differentially predict vegetative and cognitive symptoms in depression; Prior studies have shown that both cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) concentrations of 5-hydroxyindolacetic acid (5-HIAA) and serum cortisol levels are related to overall symptom severity in depression. In the present study, 30 unmedicated inpatients meeting Research Diagnostic Criteria (RDC) criteria for depression participated in serum cortisol collection and a lumbar puncture for CSF. A multiple regression evaluated the ability of CSF 5-HIAA, serum cortisol, and age to predict cognitive and vegetative symptom clusters of the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression. The multiple regression to predict the vegetative symptom cluster was highly significant overall (p=0.002) and found that age and cortisol but not 5-HIAA predicted vegetative symptoms. The regression to predict the cognitive cluster narrowly missed overall significance (p=0.06). Both CSF 5-HIAA and serum cortisol predicted cognitive symptoms and 5-HIAA predicted the cognitive cluster more strongly than cortisol. Age did not predict cognitive symptoms. The results suggest a dissociation between serum cortisol levels and CSF 5-HIAA in predicting vegetative and cognitive symptom clusters in depression. ER  - 
The effect of salazosulfapyridine on the in vitro antibody production in murine spleen cells; The effect of salazosulfapyridine (SASP) on the antibody response of murine spleen cells in vitro was studied. SASP inhibited the response to sheep red blood cells (SRBC), a T-cell-dependent (TD) antigen, dose-dependently and was most effective at a dose of 2 x 10-4 M without cell toxicity. No remarkable inhibition was seen with the main metabolites of SASP, 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA) and sulfapyridine (SP). SASP failed to inhibit antibody production to T-cell-independent antigens such as dinitrophenyl-Ficoll or trinitrophenyl (TNP)-lipopolysaccharides, although the response to TNP-keyhole limpet hemocyanin, another TD antigen like SRBC, was inhibited. Further, this drug did not show any depression of the anti-SRBC plaque-forming cell (PFC) response in spleen cells treated with anti-Thy1.2 antibody plus complement. The inhibition of anti-SRBC PFC response by SASP was accompanied by a reduction of interleukin 2 (IL-2) secretion. Our results suggest that SASP may act on T cell populations and may inhibit the T-cell-dependent antibody response partly through a depression of IL-2 production. The active compound appears to be SASP itself, rather than its metabolites. ER  - 
Plasma profiles of the N-terminal peptide of proopiomelanocortin in the rainbow trout with reference to stress; Plasma levels of the N-terminal peptide of proopiomelanocortin (NPP) were measured in rainbow trout, Salmo gairdneri, following treatment of handling stress with or without administration of dexamethasone, adaptation to white and black background, and maintenance on a constant light/dark cycle. Effects of exogenously administered NPP on plasma constituents were also examined to provide insight into the biological significance of NPP. Thirty minutes of handling stress in shallow water had no effect on plasma levels of NPP during and after the stress period, whereas significant increases in plasma cortisol and glucose were observed. Intraperitoneal administration of dexamethasone blocked the stress-induced elevation of plasma levels of cortisol and caused a depression of plasma NPP. No difference was observed in plasma levels of NPP between trout adapted to a white background and those adapted to a black background. No diurnal changes in NPP were observed under an artificial light/dark cycle (14L/10D light cycle, 0500-1900 hr light) in May and September. Thus, plasma levels of NPP were considerably constant under various physiological conditions, and no synchronism was observed between plasma NPP and cortisol, although NPP modifies the corticotropin-induced release of cortisol from the interrenal. Plasma constituents such as cortisol, total protein, albumin, plasma amino nitrogen, glucose, free fatty acid, ketone body, sodium, potassium, calcium, and magnesium were not altered by intraperitoneal injections of NPP (1 or 10 μg) once daily for 6 days (total of six injections) or once every other day for 28 days (14 injections). High concentrations of NPP were found in the plasma 24 hr after cessation of the serial injections of NPP (10 μg), suggesting slow metabolic clearance of the peptide. ER  - 
Depressed metabolism and low protein catabolism in fasting grey seal pups; Grey seal pups (Halichoerus grypus) were collected at the time of weaning (mid-October) and fasted for 52 days at thermoneutrality in separate cages. Body weight decreased exponentially, while metabolic rate dropped 45% from an average of 2.95 ± 0.15 (SEM) W kg-1 at day 2 of fasting to a stable level of 1.62 ± 0.06 (SEM) W kg-1 from day 10 to day 47 of fasting. Respiratory quotient was low, indicating extensive catabolism of triglycerides, while plasma cortisol was fairly stable at 110 ± 8 (SEM) nmol l-1 throughout the fasting period. Daily urinary output decreased from 236 ± 20 (SEM) ml day-1 at day 2 to a stable value of 87 ± 6 (SEM) ml day-1 between days 8 and 50 of fasting. The urine was analysed for urea, uric acid, creatinine, ammonia, total nitrogen and osmolality. Urea was always the principal excretory end-product, amounting to between 70 and 80% of the total excreted nitrogen. The urine was moderately concentrated (range 770-1300 mosmol kg-1). Total excreted urinary nitrogen decreased by 68% from 3.7 ± 0.7 (SEM) g day-1 to 1.2 ± 0.4 (SEM) g day-1 between days 2 and 50. The urinary nitrogen was used to calculate the daily amount of protein being oxidized and its energy content was compared with the measured basal metabolic rate of individual animals. Approximately 6% of the energy expended by grey seal pups during the post-weaning fast is derived from oxidation of protein. It is concluded that a rapid depression of basal metabolic rate and extensive blubber catabolism enable grey seal pups to endure prolonged periods of fasting without any apparent signs of discomfort or stress. ER  - 
Bacterial septic shock; Clinical and canine studies of the cardiovascular response to severe bacterial infection have shown reversible myocardial depression (decreased left ventricular ejection fraction) and left ventricular dilation producing a high or normal cardiac output. Conventional treatment includes antibiotics and cardiovascular support. Therapies aimed at neutralizing septic shock toxins are currently being evaluated. ER  - 
Specificity of plasma HVA response to dexamethasone in psychotic depression; Earlier reports have suggested that dexamethasone significantly increases levels of plasma homovanillic acid (HVA) in normal subjects, but that this effect may be altered in some depressed patients. To investigate the specificity of such alterations, we administered dexamethasone (1 mg p.o. at 11 p.m.) to 33 normal subjects, 27 depressed patients (8 with psychotic features), and 16 schizophrenic patients. Plasma for assay of cortisol and HVA was obtained at 4 p.m. before and on the day following dexamethasone administration. Dexamethasone induced significant increases in plasma HVA in the normal subjects and in the schizophrenic patients, but not in the depressed patients. Indeed, psychotically depressed patients tended to show a dexamethasone-associated decrease in plasma levels of HVA. In contrast to cortisol 'suppression' or 'nonsuppression', dexamethasone-induced changes in plasma levels of HVA (i.e., increases or decreases) sensitively and specifically discriminated between patients with affective and nonaffective psychoses. ER  - 
Effects of 5-lipoxygenase inhibition on cardiac anaphylaxis in isolated guinea pig hearts; Synthesis of the cardioactive peptidoleukotrienes depends on the activity of 5-lipoxygenase. It is unclear whether inhibition of endogenous leukotriene biosynthesis can alter vasoconstriction and negative inotropic effects associated with inflammatory states in the heart. In an attempt to study this problem, two 5-lipoxygenase inhibitors, the novel compound RG 6866, N-methyl-4-benzyloxyphenyl acetohydroxamic acid, and AA 861 have been examined in Langendorff-perfused guinea pig hearts undergoing cardiac anaphylaxis and compared to indometacin and LY 171883, a cyclooxygenase inhibitor and a leukotriene antagonist, respectively. In paced hearts perfused at constant pressure, RG 6866 had no apparent direct effects, infused intracardially at 20 μg/min, about 3 μmol/l. LY 171883, but not RG 6866 or indometacin, antagonized coronary vasoconstriction by exogenous leukotriene D4. When hearts were challenged with antigen (ovalbumin 1 mg i.c.) in the presence of antihistamines, a significant reduction in coronary flow occurred within 30 s which was maximal at 2-3 min, -48 ± 3%, and persisted for at least 10 min. An initial positive inotropic effect was followed by a 25% fall in developed pressure. Both 5-lipoxygenase inhibitors blocked effects of antigen challenge on coronary flow: RG 6866, -4 ± 3%, AA 861, -11 ± 3%; reduction at 2 min. The late negative inotropic effect was also blocked. The combined 5-lipoxygenase inhibitor/leukotriene antagonist, RG 5901, and the leukotriene antagonist, LY 171883, were also effective, but not indometacin. These results provide further evidence for the contribution of leukotrienes to cardiac anaphylaxis. More importantly, these findings suggest that 5-lipoxygenase inhibitors can be beneficial in situations where endogenous leukotrienes produce coronary vasoconstriction and myocardial depression. ER  - 
Depression of liver microsomal vitamin K epoxide reductase activity associated with antibiotic-induced coagulopathy; Hypoprothrombinemic changes in blood coagulation parameters, such as prolongation of prothrombin time, increase in the level of plasma protein induced by vitamin K absence, and decrease in plasma prothrombin level, were detected in rats fed a vitamin K-deficient diet. These changes were enhanced by the administration of β-lactam antibiotics containing N-methyltetrazolethiol, thiadiazolethiol or methyl-thiadiazolethiol. Microsomal vitamin K epoxide reductase activity was suppressed with the maximum effect at 1-2 days after the treatment and with recovery, thereafter, gradually to the normal level after 5-7 days. Hypoprothrombinemic alterations in blood coagulation parameters following a single administration of antibiotic to vitamin K-deficient rats were somewhat delayed compared with the change in the epoxide reductase activity, but the effects of the antibiotic on both blood coagulation parameters and the enzyme activity disappeared completely 7 days after the antibiotic treatment. Antibiotic-induced depression of the epoxide reductase activity was observed even in the vitamin K sufficient rats, although the hypoprothrombinemic changes in the blood coagulation parameters did not develop. Vitamin K administration could normalize the blood coagulation parameters in the hypoprothrombinemic rats caused by treatment with the antibiotics but without recovery of the decreased epoxide reductase activity. These results suggest that some antibiotics inhibit liver microsomal vitamin K epoxide reductase, which causes hypoprothrombinemia to develop under vitamin K-deficient conditions. ER  - 
Immunoregulation of transfusion-induced immunosuppression with inhibitors of the arachidonic acid metabolism; To further define the role of arachidonic acid (AA) metabolites in transfusion-induced immunosuppression (TII), the effects of pharmacological manipulation of AA metabolism were examined in a rodent model. If the prostaglandins of the E series are mediators of TII, as has been recently hypothesized, then inhibition of cyclooxygenase (indomethacin) should abrogate whereas inhibition of lipoxygenase (nordihydroguaiaretic acid [NDGA]), or thromboxane synthetase (4-63557A) could potentiate the transfusion effect. Lewis rats received donor-specific transfusions from Buffalo rats in conjunction with one of the above inhibitors. Two weeks later they received intraabdominal Buffalo heart allografts or were used for one-way mixed lymphocyte reactions. Cyclooxygenase inhibition partially abrogated TII with shortened cardiac allograft survival. Lipoxygenase inhibition augmented TII, with depression of MLR and prolongation of allograft survival. Thromboxane synthetase inhibition had no effect. These results indicate that AA metabolites play a role in TII, and that immunoregulation via pharmacological manipulation of AA metabolism is possible. ER  - 
Depression of humoral responses and phagocytic functions in vivo and in vitro by fish oil and eicosapentanoic acid; Previous studies have demonstrated that eicosapentanoic acid (EPA) has anti-inflammatory properties in both humans and experimental animals and may also depress humoral immunity in experimental animals. Our investigations showed that the addition of eicosapentanoic acid to human peripheral blood mononuclear cell cultures inhibited B cell responses to mitogenic stimulation and depressed the expression of interleukin 2 receptors in pokeweed mitogen-stimulated lymphocytes. Neutrophils were also affected in their ability to release the contents of primary and secondary granules, particularly when stimulated with antigen-antibody complexes. Similar depressions of B cell responses and neutrophil functions were observed in a normal volunteer who ingested 6 g/day of a commercially available fish oil extract (equivalent to 2.1 g of EPA/day) during a 6-week period. Phagocytosis, enzymatic release, circulating immunoglobulin levels, and the response to tetanus toxoid both in vivo and in vitro were depressed during ingestion of fish oil. Most parameters showed a trend toward normalization 6 weeks after the suspension of fish-oil supplementation. These effects of fish oil extracts and EPA on phagocytosis and humoral responses may be advantageously used in the therapy of chronic inflammatory diseases and autoimmune diseases but could be a cause for concern when these compounds are used for longer periods of time and with minimal medical supervision for the prophylaxis of atherosclerosis. ER  - 
Effect of the cyclo-oxygenase inhibitor fenbufen on muscle and liver protein metabolism, muscle glutamine and plasma insulin in endotoxaemic rats; The effect of fenbufen (γ-oxo-[1,1'-biphenyl]-4-butanoic acid), a known cyclo-oxygenase inhibitor, on the changes in muscle and liver protein metabolism in response to Escherichia coli endotoxin has been investigated in the rat. Young male rats were fed a purified diet [18% (w/w) casein], with or without fenbufen (1.2 g/kg of diet). Groups of animals were injected with either endotoxin (LPS; Escherichia coli lipopolysaccharide 0.127 B8; 3 mg/kg body weight) or saline. Rectal temperature and food intake were measured over the following 24 h period, after which time measurements were made of muscle and liver protein content and synthesis in vivo, muscle protein degradation as the difference between protein synthesis and growth rates, muscle glutamine concentration and plasma insulin. Fenbufen treatment alone tended to lower rectal temperature. It also reduced plasma insulin, slightly reduced food intake and slowed growth and muscle protein turnover, although muscle glutamine concentrations were unchanged. The slower protein synthesis mainly reflected reduced translational activity, which was consistent with the reduced insulin concentration. LPS treatment increased rectal temperature by 1.6°C, and this was abolished by fenbufen, indicating that the dose of the drug was sufficient to block prostaglandin production in the hypothalamus. LPS treatment induced similar losses in body weight and muscle protein in both control and fenbufen groups, despite a 50% lower food intake in the LPS plus fenbufen group compared with the LPS-only group. The loss of muscle protein in both groups reflected reduced protein synthesis and increased protein degradation. LPS treatment alone induced elevated plasma insulin, but fenbufen blocked this response and the insulin levels remained depressed. Muscle glutamine concentration fell in both LPS-treated groups, suggesting that the depression of protein synthesis and the development of the insulin resistance might be linked to the loss of intracellular glutamine. LPS induced a relative increase in hepatic protein content, and total protein synthesis (by approximately 40%); fenbufen had no influence on these responses. It is concluded that whereas treatment with fenbufen has marked effects on plasma insulin concentration, it has no influence on muscle and liver protein metabolism during endotoxaemia. Alternative mechanisms to those involving prostaglandins as mediators of the catabolic response of muscle are discussed, including those involving the glutamine transporter. ER  - 
Effects of chronic administration of doxorubicin on myocardial creatine phosphokinase and antioxidant defenses and levels of lipid peroxidation in tissues and plasma of rats.; Tissue and plasma levels of thiobarbituric acid reactive substances (TBARS) were measured in rats treated chronically with doxorubicin. In addition, heart creatine phosphokinase and antioxidant defenses were examined. Male rats received doxorubicin (DXR) 2 mg/kg or vehicle weekly subcutaneously for 13 weeks and were sacrificed at 14 and 19 weeks, 1 and 6 weeks after the last dose, respectively. Histological evaluation in DXR-treated rats at 14 and 19 weeks found significant and progressive cardiac and renal lesions as compared to controls. Heart TBARS were unchanged from controls. Plasma and kidney levels of TBARS were elevated above controls at both 14 and 19 weeks. Lung levels of TBARS were significantly elevated above controls at 14 weeks. Liver levels of TBARS were elevated at 19 weeks. Heart creatine phosphokinase activity was significantly depressed from controls at both 14 and 19 weeks. Heart glutathione peroxidase and superoxide dismutase activities were unchanged from controls. Heart glutathione, glutathione reductase, glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase, and catalase were elevated above controls at both 14 and 19 weeks. The lack of change in heart TBARS suggests that changes in TBARS in other organs may be secondary processes. The depression of creatine phosphokinase suggests that levels of adenosine triphosphate may be insufficient to sustain the myocardial function and this may partly be responsible for DXR-induced cardiac myopathy. ER  - 
Healing of necrobiotic ulcers with antiplatelet therapy. Correlation with plasma thromboxane levels; Necrobiosis lipoidica in diabetics has been considered to be a cutaneous manifestation of diabetic microangiopathy. Seven diabetic patients with necrobiotic ulcers of recent onset that healed after administration of acetylsalicylic acid and dipyridamole had elevated thromboxane levels. Healing was associated with depression of the elevated thromboxane levels in all seven patients. ER  - 
The influence of pH on the cardiac depressant action of tobramycin; Tobramycin, like other aminoglycoside antibiotics, is a basic compound which causes a reduction of cardiac contractile force and inhibits the inotropic action of calcium. Its antagonistic action towards calcium had been analysed at different pH values of the solution bathing the rat left atrium. The isometric tension of the electrically driven atrium (4 Hz, 2 ms, supramaximal voltage) in response to cumulative increase in the bath calcium concentration (2.0 to 32.0 mM) was measured in the absence and in the presence of 2.0 x 10-5 M tobramycin. The increase in pH from 6.6 to 8.2, which decreased the ionization of tobramycin, reduced the cardiac depression. Similar experiments were carried with other cardiac depressants. Thus, the effect of methoxyverapamil (3.5 x 10-7 M), also a basic compound was increased at higher values of pH; the acidic pentobarbitone (4 x 10-5 M) was less effective at more alkaline pH; the cardiac depression of the non-electrolyte ethanol (2 x 10-4 M) was practically the same over the pH range studied. The fime for equilibrium of the antagonism was small for tobramycing moreover, its antagonism. could only be fully reversed by an increase in extracellular calcium. These results suggest a competitive type of antagonism, between the ionized fraction of tobramycin and calcium, for superficial sites of the sarcolemma. The effect methoxyverapamil, pentobarbitone and ethanol seems to occur at a more internal site of the cardiac cell since the unionized form of the drug is the most active. ER  - 
Investigation of the ability of newer β-lactam antibiotics to select resistant mutants from Serratia marcescens after mutagenesis with nitrosoguanidine; Resistant mutants could easily be selected from a nitrosoguanidine-treated culture of Serratia marcescens with piperacillin, cefotaxime, cefoxitin, cefotetan, latamoxef (moxalactam) and aztreonam. Imipenem on the other hand was significantly less effective in mutant selection. Resistant clones broadly fell into two distinct classes. Most mutants did not show increased β-lactamase; their resistance seemed to be due to changed outer membrane proteins. Other mutants had strongly increased cephalosporinase activity, although the depression was only partial. Piperacillin, cefotaxime and aztreonam preferentially selected the derepressed phenotye, whereas mutants selected with cefoxitin, cefotetan, moxalactam and imipenem were exclusively of the non-depressed phenotype. There was a significant degree of cross-resistance between the β-lactam antibiotics except imipenem which was only slightly less active against the membrane-altered mutants. ER  - 
Surgical antibiotic irrigations; Instillation of antibiotic solutions into surgical wound sites seems empirically attractive since relatively high concentrations of antibacterial agents can be applied directly to the probable site of infection. However, systemic effects provided by antibiotic assimilated from sites of application are responsible for much of the activity and toxicity of antibiotic irrigations. The most appropriate drugs and dosages for use as prophylactic antibiotic irrigations have not been determined. Most controlled trials conducted in recent years have utilized various cephalosporins in concentrations of 1 to 4 g/L. In some of these trials, surgical irrigation has been found as effective as prophylactic intravenous antibiotics, which are the proven and accepted standard. Reported cases of toxicity associated with antibiotic irrigations are few in number, excepting neomycin, which has caused postoperative respiratory depression/apnea, permanent deafness, and renal failure. ER  - 
A revised interpretation of the TRH test results in female depressed patients. Part II: Prolactin responses, relationships with sex hormones, corticosteroid state, age, monoamines and amino acid levels; Prolactin (PRL) levels were recorded in baseline conditions and 20 and 60 min after thyrotropin releasing hormone (TRH) administration (200 μg i.v.) in 60 depressed females categorized according to DSM-III. Peak PRL responses were significantly (r = 0.727, P < 0.001) correlated with their baseline levels. Consequently, the PRL responses to TRH were largely predicted by baseline PRL levels. It was suggested that the PRL responses to TRH consisted of two parts. The first component was a relative exaggeration of basal PRL, reflecting the basal activity of the hormone. The second component was the residual response. This part was estimated by partialling out the relative effects of basal PRL on peak PRL responses by means of regression analysis. Basal PRL and residual PRL responses were uninformative for major depression. Post-menopausal females showed significantly reduced basal PRL levels. There was a significant negative correlation between basal PRL and follicle stimulating hormone levels, age and post-dexamethasone cortisol values. The residual PRL responses were negatively correlated with free triiodothyronine levels and positively with serotonergic variables, i.e., 5-hydroxyindoleacetic acid in 24-h urine and the ratio L-tryptophan/competing amino acids. ER  - 
Depression of calcium current at mouse motor nerve endings by polycationic antibiotics; The hypothesis according to which polycationic antibiotics produce neuromuscular block by interfering with the Ca current of motor nerve terminals has been examined using external electrodes in nerve-muscle preparations of the mouse. It was found that kanamycin, bekanamycin and polymyxin B depressed presynaptic Ca currents probably by neutralizing negative surface charges. ER  - 
Smoke inhalation and carbon monoxide poisoning; Many fire related deaths are caused by the inhalation of smoke. The mechanisms are: (1) thermal injury to the airways and lungs, (2) inhalation of foreign matter and (3) carbon monoxide poisoning. Investigations should include chest radiology, arterial blood gases and CO-oximetry. In specialized centers 133Xenon lung scans aid in assessing the degree of pulmonary injury and fiberoptic bronchoscopy is used to evaluate the degree of thermal damage to the airways. Initial therapy is with humidified oxygen; mechanical ventilation may be indicated for respiratory failure or central nervous system depression. Percussion and postural drainage help to clear particulate material from the lungs and bronchodilators may relieve bronchospasm. Steroids should not be routinely prescribed as they may increase the rate of infection. Antibiotics should be prescribed only for culture proven infections, unless there is strong clinical evidence of pneumonia. Children who have suffered from smoke inhalation do well with supportive care although many will have minor abnormalities of pulmonary infection on long-term follow-up. ER  - 
Macrolidic antibiotics: Effects on primary in vitro antibody responses; The effect of two macrolidic antibiotics, josamycin and erythromycin, on the primary immune response in cultures of human peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC), were studied using a soft agar hemolytic plaque assay. Both compounds induced an appreciable reduction in the primary antibody response in total PBMC cultures. The removal of plastic-adherent cells, however, profoundly modified the effect of macrolides on the immune response. Both josamycin and, to a lesser extent, erythromycin enhanced, rather than suppressed, the antibody response. Furthermore, the macrolide-induced immunodepression in cultures of total PBMC was completely reversed by the addition of catalase (8000 U/ml). Taken together, these findings suggest that the macrolide-induced depression of the antibody response depends upon the presence of adherent monocytic cells and is mediated by the production of hydrogen peroxide. ER  - 
Effects of trapidil and trapidil derivatives on arachidonic acid and prostaglandin endoperoxide analogue U 46619-induced blood pressure changes in rats; The influence of trapidil (T) and two selected 5,7-disubstituted s-triazolo (1,5-a)pyrimidine derivatives (TD: AR 12456 and AR 12463) on arachidonic acid (AA)- and prostaglandin endoperoxide analogue U 46619-induced blood pressure changes in normotensive rats was investigated in comparison with the cyclooxygenase inhibitor acetylsalicylic acid (ASA) and the thromboxane A2 (TXA2) antagonist BM 13177. ASA and AR 12456 completely eliminated the second blood pressure depression after injection of AA and simultaneously diminished TXA2, TXB2 and 6-keto-PGF(1α) formation in murine blood, whereas BM 13177 prevented the return of the blood pressure to preinjection level after the initial brief fall in arterial pressure. BM 13177 and AR 12463 reduced the rise in U 46619-provoked blood pressure by 75% and 58%, respectively. Trapidil had no effect on blood pressure changes stimulated by AA and U 46619. ER  - 
Human corticotropin releasing hormone: Clinical studies in patients with affective disorders, alcoholism, panic disorder and in normal controls; 1. The 41 amino acid peptide human corticotropin releasing hormone (h-CRH) and its ovine analogue o-CRH are regulators of proopiomelanocortin (POMC) derived neuropeptides and neurosteroids of the limbic-hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenocortical (LHPA) axis such as beta-endorphin, corticotropin (ACHT) and corticosteroids modulating concomitantly hormonal and behavioral systems in animal and man, e.g. adaptation to stress. 2. Challenge tests employing h-CRH stimulation with or without kinds of pretreatment in affective disorders, alcoholism, and panic disorder demonstrate LHPA alterations that are induced by dysregulations in the limbic area. In depression, the enhanced secretory activity of pituitary corticotrophs or altered feed back regulation is compatible with endogenous CRH hypersecretion followed by enhanced production of proopiomelanocortin whose fragments activate synthesis and release of adrenal corticosteroids. These effects are accompanied by development of a functional hyperplasia of the adrenocortex and/or down-regulation of pituitary CRH-receptors and/or reduced negative feed back capacity of limbic glucocorticoid receptor containing neurones particularly in the hippocampus. Similar disturbances are found in hypercortisolemic patients withdrawn from alcohol and are less pronounced in patients with panic disorder. 3. Repetitive h-CRH administration to normal controls induces sleep-EEG and neuroendocrine effects resembling those in depression. 4. Adrenocortical hormones act back on neurotransmitter/receptor sites of brain systems relevant for neuropharmacology (e.g. GABA receptor activity in anxiety disorders and affective disorders). 5. The neuroendocrine approach to the LHPA axis is of avlue to uncover several aspects of pathology underlying various psychiatric diseases. ER  - 
Endocrine parameters and biogenic amines in relationship to psychopathology after cholinergic drug challenge (RS-86); The centrally active muscarinic agonist RS-86 elicited a dose-dependent anergic-anhedonic syndrome in a double-blind dose-response study in one healthy volunteer. At 4 and 5 mg, RS-86 induced escape from cortisol suppression by dexamethasone parallel to an increase in prolactin. The time course, as well as the absence of increases in plasma epinephrine and growth hormone, suggests that the changes are not due to nonspecific stress. However, there was a slight increase in plasma norepinephrine, tentatively dependent on the dose of RS-86. In 12-hour urine samples the excretion of 3-methoxy-4-hydroxyphenylglycol and homovanillic acid tended to decrease in a dose-dependent manner, with a subsequent increase during the following nights. No systematic changes occurred in plasma dopamine, serotonin, and cyclic adenosine monophosphate or in plasma and urinary 3,4-dihydroxyphenylacetic acid or urinary vanillylmandelic acid. The findings are discussed in terms of the cholinergic-adrenergic balance hypothesis of affective disorders and biochemical findings in major depression. ER  - 
Pancreatic abscess in dogs: six cases (1978-1986).; Pancreatic abscess was diagnosed by exploratory celiotomy in 6 dogs. The most common clinical signs included acute onset of lethargy (n = 5), anorexia (n = 6), vomiting (n = 5), and diarrhea (n = 2). Physical examination revealed pain response to abdominal palpation (n = 5), depression (n = 5), icterus (n = 3), fever (n = 3), and cranial abdominal mass (n = 2). Consistent preoperative clinicopathologic abnormalities included leukocytosis with left shift, observance of toxic neutrophils on the blood smear, hyperlipasemia, hyperamylasemia, hyperbilirubinemia, and increased serum alkaline phosphatase activity. In 5 of 6 dogs, abdominal radiography revealed increased soft tissue density in the cranial portion of the abdomen. Ultrasonography performed on 4 dogs confirmed pancreatic mass. In all dogs, exploratory celiotomy revealed a cavitary pancreatic mass that contained sterile, mucopurulent material. Histopathologic diagnoses included acute necrotizing or chronic-active pancreatitis and steatitis. Two dogs were euthanatized at the time of diagnosis, and the remaining 4 were treated by use of pancreatic debridement(s), open abdominal drainage, and intensive administration of fluids and antibiotics. One dog was euthanatized 4 days after surgery, because of progressive pancreatic abscessation. Three dogs recovered and were discharged. ER  - 
Glutathione depletion in the guinea pig and its effect on the aucte cochlear toxicity of ethacrynic acid; There is controversy as to whether or not the acute cochlear toxicity of ethacrynic acid (EA) is dependent upon its metabolic conversion to EA-cysteine via conjugation with glutathione. In order to investigate this we examined the acute effects of EA on cochlear potentials in guinea pigs in which glutathione levels were decreased by prior administration of (±)-buthionine sulphoximine (BSO), an inhibitor of glutamylcysteine synthetase. First, we determined the effects of BSO on hepatic and renal glutathione levels in the guinea pig. Guinea pigs (pigmented animals of both sexes or male albino animals) were killed at intervals up to 72 hr after i.p. administration of 1.6 g kg-1 BSO. Livers, and also kidneys in the case of pigmented guinea pigs, were removed and total glutathione (GSH + GSSG) measured. Glutathione levels reached a nadir in the liver at 24-48 hr (11% of control) and in the kidneys at 24 hr (14% of control) after administration of BSO. Hepatic but not renal levels approached control values by 72 hr. There were no sex or strain differences. Pigmented guinea pigs were anaesthetised and their endocochlear potential and a.c. cochlear potential in response to a 4 kHz tone were measured using an intracochlear microelectrode. The depression of these potentials by i.v. administration of 60 mg kg-1 EA was not affected by administration of 1.6 g kg-1 BSO 24 hr earlier, despite profound depletion of glutathione. Also prior p.o. administration of N-acetyl-L-cysteine did not affect hepatic glutathione levels nor modify the toxicity of EA. These results suggest that the acute cochlear toxicity of EA is not altered by glutathione depletion, a finding which argues against a role for the metabolic activation of EA in its ototoxicity. ER  - 
Do concentrations of neurotransmitters in lumbar CSF reflect cerebral dysfunction in depression?; Concentrations of the amines and amine metabolites dopamine (DA) noradrenaline (NA), adrenaline (A), serotonin (5-HT), homovanillic acid (HVA), 3-methoxy-4-hydroxyphenylglycol (MHPG), 5-hydroxyindoleacetic acid (5-HIAA) and of the peptides, vasopression (AVP), vasoactive intestinal polypeptide (VIP), thyrotropin releasing hormone (TRH) and cholecystokinin (CCK) were measured in lumbar cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) in patients with depression and compared with that controls. Diagnostic classifications were performed according to ICD-9 and the Newcastle Rating Scales for Depression. The severity of depression was measured by Bech-Rafaelsen melancholia scale. Significantly decreased concentrations of CSF-A and AVP were found in as well endogenous as in non-endogenous depression, whereas reduced levels of CSF-VIP were found only in the non-endogenous group. CSF-5-HT and DA were significantly increased in endogenously depressed patients. In these studies patients with non-endogenous depression were not included. No relationship between severity of depression and concentrations of neurotransmitters was found. For most of the neurotransmitters no correlation between concentrations measured at the lumbar and at the ventricular level seems to exist. This findings indicates that measurements on CSF collected from the lumbar sack not necessarily are indicative for concentrations measured at more central levels. Although several transmitter systems most likely are disturbed in depression, results from studies on lumbar CSF should be interpreted with precaution, until further information about origin and distribution of neurotransmitters in CSF has been obtained. ER  - 
Alternate-day corticosteroid treatment, mood and plasma HVA in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus; Corticosteroid therapy may produce alterations in mood. Furthermore, several monoamines, including dopamine, have been implicated in the regulation of mood. We, therefore, examined the relationship between alterations in mood and plasma homovanillic acid (HVA) levels in patients on alternate-day corticosteroid treatment. Although several patients had substantial alterations in mood, there was no significant difference in plasma HVA levels between the on- and off-medication day. Furthermore alterations in depression and anxiety levels were not related to plasma HVA levels. The implications of these findings are discussed. ER  - 
Norepinephrine and its metabolites in cerebrospinal fluid, plasma, and urine. Relationship to hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis function in depression; Among 140 depressed and control subjects, there were significant positive correlations between indexes of noradrenergic activity in cerebrospinal fluid (CSF), plasma, and urine. Among the depressed patients, CSF levels of the norepinephrine (NE) metabolite 3-methoxy-4-hydroxyphenylglycol (MHPG) and urinary outputs of NE and its metabolites normetanephrine, MHPG, and vanillylmandelic acid correlated significantly with plasma cortisol levels in relation to dexamethasone administration. Also, CSF levels of MHPG were significantly higher among patients who were cortisol nonsuppressors than among either patients who were cortisol suppressors or controls. Urinary outputs of NE and normetanephrine were significantly higher among patients who were cortisol nonsuppressors than among controls. Patients who were cortisol suppressors had indexes of NE metabolism similar to those of controls. These results in the depressed patients extend recent observations suggesting that dysregulation of the noradrenergic system and hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis occur together in a subgroup of depressed patients. ER  - 
Prostaglandins do not mediate the inhibitory effects of angiotensins II and III on autonomic neurotransmission in the rabbit vas deferens; The role of prostaglandins in mediating angiotensin effects on autonomic neurotransmission was assessed. This was accomplished by examining the angiotensin-induced production of prostaglandins (PGE) and suppression of non-adrenergic (purinergic) neurotransmission in the presence and absence of cyclo-oxygenase inhibitors. The vas deferens of the rabbit was utilized for these studies because this preparation has a predominant non-adrenergic neurogenic component. Both angiotensins II and III enhanced PGE production and reduced contractions in a concentration-dependent manner from 1 to 1000 nM. Furthermore, indomethacin (2.8 μM) and eicosatetraynoic acid (10 μM) eliminated the inhibitory effect of the angiotenins on non-adrenergic neurotransmission. However, acetylsalicylic acid (10 μM) prevented the production of PGE in response to the angiotensins but failed to alter the suppression of non-adrenergic neurotransmission. The latter data are inconsistent with the hypothesis that PG's mediate angiotensin-induced depression of non-adrenergic neurotransmission. The mechanism by which indomethacin and eicosatetraynoic acid prevent angiotensin effects on non-adrenergic neurotransmission was not elucidated but previous reports suggest that these agents may act as angiotensin receptor antagonists. All of the cyclo-oxygenase inhibitors examined tended to potentiate angiotensin effects on adrenergic neurotransmission. ER  - 
Human myocardial responses to antibiotics: gentamicin, tobramycin and cephalothin; Although myocardial toxicity of certain antibiotics has been suggested by animal studies, their effects on human cardiac muscle has not been established. Accordingly, human right atrial trabeculae contracting isometrically in vitro were exposed to increasing doses of the antibiotics gentamicin, tobramycin and cephalothin. Contractile responses were measured and dose-response curves calculated by a polynomial regression analysis. All three antibiotics demonstrated a dose-related decrease in relative developed force although resting force remained constant. Concentrations of gentamicin, tobramycin and cephalothin that caused 50% depression of developed force were 1.97, 1.92 and 52.75 mg/mL, respectively. These doses were 200, 200 and 2600 times the accepted serum toxic concentrations for gentamicin, tobramycin and cephalothin, respectively. The depression caused by cephalothin is probably related to ionic changes within the bath solution. In conclusion, gentamicin and tobramycin have myocardial toxicity at high concentrations which should not occur clinically when used judiciously. ER  - 
Depression of lymphocyte traffic in sheep by vasoactive intestinal peptide (VIP); Vasoactive intestinal peptide (VIP) is a 28 amino acid-residue neurovascular and gut peptide with a number of important biological activities. Recent in vitro studies suggest an immunomodulatory (depressant) role for VIP. In the present in vivo studies, employing the Hall and Morris sheep lymphocyte traffic model, acute infusions of VIP into cannulated afferent lymphatics of popliteal lymph nodes produced prompt and marked depressions in the output of both small recirculating and blast lymphocytes into popliteal efferent lymph, with a selective effect on T4 (CD4) lymphocytes. It has been suggested that the HIV (AIDS) virus may employ VIP or VIP-like receptors on brain cells and lymphocytes for intracellular access. ER  - 
Effect of cyclo- and lipoxygenase blockade on the development of immunogenic shock; In acute experiments on anesthetized dogs it was shown that simultaneous blockade of cyclo- and lipoxygenase (indomethacin and quercetin) completely prevented the development of hypotensive reaction after immune influence induced by intracoronary injection of anti-cardiac antibodies. The prevention of the development of shock reaction was caused by complete depression of pooling blood reaction in the periphery of the vascular bed with the following limitation of venous return to the heart and sharp drop in the cardiac output. Thus, metabolites of arachidonic acid dilating venous part of the vascular bed are of great importance for the development of immunogenic shock. ER  - 
Depression by morphine and the non-opioid analgesic agents, metamizol (dipyrone), lysine acetylsalicylate, and paracetamol, of activity in rat thalamus neurones evoked by electrical stimulation of nociceptive afferents; Pyrazolone and salicylic acid derivatives and the aniline derivative, paracetamol, are often classified as peripherally acting analgesic agents, while morphine is a centrally acting analgesic agent. Since indications exist that the non-opioid analgesic agents can also produce central effects, experiments were carried out on rats under urethane anaesthesia in which activity was recorded from single neurones in the dorsomedial part of the ventral nucleus (VDM) of the thalamus that was elicited by supramaximal electrical stimulation of nociceptive afferents in the sural nerve. In addition, activity was recorded in ascending axons of the spinal cord which was evoked by electrical stimulation of nociceptive afferents in the sural nerve. The substances studied were morphine, the pyrazolone derivatives, metamizol (dipyrone) and aminohenazone ('Pyramidon'), lysine acetylsalicylate, and paracetamol. All drugs were found to depress dose-dependently evoked activity in VDM neurones after intravenous (i.v.) injection. The ED50 of morphine in depressing evoked activity in VDM neurones is 0.05 mg/kg. Morphine also dose-dependently reduced activity in ascending axons of the spinal cord, the ED50 being 1.7 mg/kg. The ED50 of metamizol in depressing evoked activity in VDM neurones is 120 mg/kg, and that of aminophenazone is 22.7 mg/kg. The 2 ED50 values differ significantly. It has been found previously that metamizol increased nociceptive activity in some ascending axons and aminophenazone increased this activity in all ascending axons tested. The ED50 of lysine acetylsalicylate in depressing evoked activity in VDM neurones is 74 mg/kg. The drug did not reduce nociceptive activity in ascending axons of the spinal cord. The ED50 of paracetamol in depressing evoked activity in VDM neurones is 19.0 mg/kg. Paracetamol did not depress nociceptive activity in ascending axons of the spinal cord at a dose as high as 105 mg/kg administered by intraperitoneal injection. Naloxone (0.2 mg/kg i.v.) abolished the depressant effect of morphine but failed to reduce those of the non-opioid analgesic agents even at a high dose (1 mg/kg i.v.). Unlike morphine, the non-opioid analgesic agents did not completely block evoked activity in VDM neurones but only partially blocked their activation. The results suggest that the non-opioid analgesic agents tested can produce a central analgesic effect which, however, is weaker than that of morphine. ER  - 
Efficacy and toxicity of D-penicillamine in low-level lead poisoning; In a retrospective cohort study we reviewed our experience using D-penicillamine in children with low-level lead poisoning (whole blood lead levels 25 to 40 μg/dL) to determine its efficacy and the incidence of side effects. Two groups were compared: treated subjects (n = 84) were treated with penicillamine at a mean daily dose of 27.5 mg/kg; control subjects (n = 37) received no chelation therapy. Over a prechelation observation period of 60 days, lead levels (PbB) did not change in either group. With a mean period of 76 days of D-penicillamine therapy, PbB fell in treated patients by 33% (P <0.001). In 64 patients (76%), PbB was reduced to a currently acceptable range (≤25 μg/dL). There were eight treatment failures (10%). In control subjects, mean PbB did not change significantly over 119 days of observation. Fourteen control subjects eventually required conventional chelation with calcium disodium ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid, and 17 were lost to follow-up. Use of D-penicillamine was associated with an adverse reaction in 28 cases (33%); transient leukopenia occurred in eight, rash in seven, transient platelet count depression in seven, enuresis in three, and abdominal pain in two. Treatment was terminated prematurely in eight cases (10%) because of an adverse reaction. We conclude that D-penicillamine is effective therapy for selected children with low-level plumbism, but adverse effects can complicate or prevent its use in some patients. ER  - 
Drug interactions with oral contraceptives: Compilation and analysis of an adverse experience report database; Over 700 alleged OC/drug interactions were reported for antituberculous drugs, other antibiotics, anticonvulsants, antidepressants, and analgesics. Fewer than ten reports of OC/drug interactions were found involving antihistamines, thyroid hormone, vitamin C, antacids, ulcer medication, or diuretics. These may represent a set of OC/drug interaction problems that need to brought into medical awareness. Pregnancy is the first event reported when OCs appear to interact with another drug. However, menstrual disturbances are reported more often. BTB is the most frequently reported menstrual disturbance: it has been considered a warning signal that OC efficacy may be compromised. In such circumstances, contraceptive backup may be warranted. Reports of interference with OC efficacy have been most common for drugs used to treat tuberculosis, epilepsy, and depression, so patients and their physicians should be aware of potential problems. However, the average woman is more likely to encounter antibiotics, analgesics, and antihistamines, and current package inserts contain appropriate warnings. In recent years, prescriptions for low-estrogen OCs have outnumbered those for high-dose preparations. Many physicians became concerned that there was an increased risk of OC drug failure with the low-dose products. The database does not seem to suggest that this has happened. The dose of estrogen is not correlated with total adverse experience reports, time of appearances of the first adverse experience reports, or rate of reporting of the interactions. Likewise, reports of potential interactions with menstrual disturbances are not correlated with lower estrogen doses in OCs. There is, however, an association between low-estrogen OCs and recently reported pregnancies attributed to OC/drug interactions. This association may be more a reflection of the predominance of prescriptions for low-dose estrogen OCs coupled with the reporting pattern (mentioned previously) that uncovers pregnancies as the first sign of an OC/drug interaction. Multiple drug use may be an important, unrecognized factor in the reported OC/drug interactions. Multiple drug use was found, but not implicated by the reporting physician, in many, if not most of the pregnancies reported, regardless of the type of drug involved. ER  - 
Effects of paracetamol and acetylsalicylic acid on the post-operative course after experimental orthopaedic surgery in dogs.; In placebo-controlled cross-over trials in dogs, two 'identical' operations were performed on the forelimbs of each animal with an interval of 28 days, to evaluate how daily doses of 1.5 g paracetamol, 1.5 g acetylsalicylic acid (ASA) and 0.5 g ASA might modulate an acute post-operative inflammatory reaction. On the third post-operative day the reductions in swelling compared with placebo averaged 33% with 1.5 g paracetamol (P = 0.02), 24% with 1.5 g ASA (P = 0.03) and 15% with 0.5 g ASA (P = 0.18); while the reductions in pain estimates averaged 47% with 1.5 g paracetamol (P = 0.01), 32% with 1.5 g ASA (P = 0.07) and 28% with 0.5 g ASA (P = 0.21). There were no clinical signs of adverse drug effects, such as vomiting, haematochezia, cyanosis or depression. The results disagree with the traditional view that paracetamol has little or no anti-inflammatory effect, and demonstrate that paracetamol may reduce an acute inflammatory reaction, at least as efficiently as ASA. The potential pro-inflammatory effect of ASA in low doses is discussed. It is concluded that paracetamol appears to be a valuable drug against post-operative or post-traumatic sequelae in the veterinary as well as in the human clinic. ER  - 
Role of xanthine oxidase in the interferon-mediated depression of the hepatic cytochrome P-450 system in mice; Interferon, interferon inducers, and a variety of other immunomodulators are known to depress the hepatic cytochrome P-450 drug-metabolizing system. Two concepts have been proposed to explain this phenomenon. (a) The steady-state of cytochrome P-450 is altered through decreased synthesis and increased degradation of cytochrome P-450 apoprotein. (b) Interferon induces xanthine oxidase; superoxide generated by interferon-induced xanthine oxidase destroys cytochrome P-450. The current study investigated the second concept. Administered polyribonucleotides [polyriboinosinic acid·polyribocytidylic acid (poly IC), polyriboinosinic acid·polycytidylic acid, polylysine and carboxymethylcellulose, mismatched poly IC], recombinant murine γ-interferon, and a natural murine α/β-interferon were shown to depress hepatic cytochrome P-450 and selecteed microsomal cytochrome P-450-dependent monooxygenase reactions and to induce hepatic xanthine oxidase activity. The feeding of tungstate in the drinking water largely depleted xanthine oxidase in mice; cytochrome P-450 levels and monooxygenase activities were not affected by tungstate treatment. Tungstate rendered the level of xanthine oxidase much below that in mice that had not received tungstate regardless of whether or not they had received poly IC or interferon; nevertheless, poly IC and interferon produced losses of cytochrome P-450 and monooxygenase activities in these tungstate-treated mice equivalent to those observed in mice that had not received tungstate. The administration of N-acetylcysteine did not prevent the loss of cytochrome P-450 induced by poly IC, as has been reported, nor did the incubation of microsomal cytochrome P-450 with buttermilk xanthine oxidase and hypoxanthine cause a loss of cytochrome P-450, which has also been reported. It is concluded from these studies that the induction of xanthine oxidase and the loss of cytochrome P-450 generated by interferon are coincidental rather than causally related phenomena. ER  - 
Urinary-free cortisol in depressed patients and controls: Relationship to urinary indices of noradrenergic function; We measured urinary outputs of urinary-free cortisol in 28 medication-free depressed patients and 32 normal controls. Depressed patients had significantly greater urinary outputs of urinary-free cortisol than controls. Also, there were significant correlations among depressed patients, but not among controls, between urinary-free cortisol and urinary outputs of norepinephrine and its metabolite vanillylmandelic acid (VMA). These urinary data extend recent findings suggesting that dysregulation of both the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis and noradrenergic system occur together in depression. ER  - 
The Septic Multiple-Trauma Patient; Sepsis causes significant morbidity in trauma patients and is the premiere cause of death in the period following initial injury. A multifactorial depression of humoral and cell-mediated immunity occurs soon after trauma. Loss of skin integrity, surgical procedures, invasive prosthetic devices, medications and colonization with virulent organisms further predispose these patients to infection. The liberal use of antibiotics should be discouraged in trauma patients to minimize superinfection with resistant organisms. ER  - 
The effects of dexamethasone on plasma homovanillic acid and 3-methoxy-4-hydroxyphenylglycol. Evidence for abnormal corticosteroid-catecholamine interactions in major depression; We investigated the possible interactions between corticosteroids and catecholamines in depression by studying the effects of the synthetic glucocorticoid dexamethasone on plasma levels of homovanillic acid (HVA) and 3-methoxy-4-hydroxyphenylglycol (MHPG) in a group of depressed patients and normal controls. In comparison with metabolite levels on a control day, normal controls showed a significant dexamethasone-induced increase in the plasma HVA level and a trend toward a decrease in the plasma MHPG level at 4 PM following dexamethasone administration (1 mg orally at 11 PM). Conversely, depressed patients, particularly those with psychotic features, showed a significant dexamethasone-induced increase in the plasma MHPG level and a blunting of the plasma HVA response relative to the normal controls. Dexamethasone-induced increases in the plasma MHPG level were directly correlated with the severity of depressive symptoms and with postdexamethasone cortisol levels in the depressed patients. These data suggest abnormal corticosteroid-catecholamine interactions in depression and, specifically, in depressed patients with psychotic features. ER  - 
Effects of salicylates and paracetamol compared to lidocaine on nerve conduction in vitro; The effects of acetylsalicylic acid, salicylic acid, sodium salicylate and paracetamol on the compound action potentials of the isolated left phrenic nerve of the rat were observed, and compared to that of lidocaine. All drugs depressed the compound action potential in a reversible, dose-dependent way. Lidocaine (inhibition between 0.05 and 10 mM) was more potent than the other drugs and the depression occurred faster. The inhibitory effects of acetylsalicylic acid and salicylic acid were similar to each other (between 1 and 20 mM). Sodium salicylate was less potent (inhibition between 5 and 70 mM). These concentrations cover the plasma levels reported after therapeutic and toxic doses for the salicylates. Inhibition of nerve conduction may therefore contribute to the adverse nervous effects seen after intoxication with salicylates. In contrast, the observed concentrations for inhibition of the compound action potential caused by paracetamol (between 6.7 and 53 mM) were far greater than the plasma concentrations reported after therapeutic doses or after intoxication with paracetamol. Thus, the inhibition of the compound action potential, caused by paracetamol does not contribute to the therapeutic analgesic effects of paracetamol. ER  - 
Concentration guidelines for parenteral antibiotics in fluid-restricted patients; A guideline for the preparation of peripherally administered antibiotics in fluid-restricted patients was developed. A maximum osmolality of 560 mOsmol/kg was selected since this corresponds to the theoretical osmolality of dextrose 5% in NaCl 0.9%, a solution commonly administered peripherally without significant incidence of phlebitis. Percentage concentrations corresponding to 560 mOsmol/kg of 26 intravenous antibiotics were calculated using sodium chloride equivalents. The antibiotics were reconstituted using sterile water, dextrose 5%, and NaCl 0.9% to provide an osmolality of 560 mOsmol/kg. The resulting solutions were measured for osmolality using a freezing-point depression osmometer. A total of 78 solutions were prepared and measured in triplicate. Of the 78 measured osmolalities, 67 (86 percent) were within 20 percent of the desired 560 mOsmol/kg. Only two osmolalities were more than 10 percent above the projected value. The percentage concentrations of 26 antibiotics in three solutions corresponding to 560 mOsmol/kg are presented. A method is also provided for tailoring concentrations to achieve desired osmolalities other than 560 mOsmol/kg. ER  - 
Effects of alcohol-metabolizing enzyme inhibitors and beta-lactam antibiotics on ethanol elimination in rats; The in vivo effects of alcohol-metabolizing enzyme inhibitors and beta-lactam antibiotics upon the ethanol elimination rate were examined in rats. Intravenous administration of ethanol caused a dose-dependent increase in blood ethanol level, and the ethanol elimination could be well described by a two compartment model. Pretreatment of rats with enzyme inhibitors caused a marked decrease in the ethanol elimination rate associated with the depression of the enzyme activities. Fasting of the animals caused a decrease in the ethanol elimination rate per animal associated with a decrease in the liver weight. However, no alteration was evident when the rate was expressed as the rate per g of liver. When animals were pretreared with a high dose of N-methyltetrazolethiol (NMTT)- containing beta-lactam antibiotics or NMTT itself, which causes a disulfiram-like reaction, the ethanol elimination rate per animal was depressed concomitant with an increase in the blood acetaldehyde level. The ethanol elimination rate in these animals showed lower values even when expressed as the rate per g liver. On the other hand, administration of cephems without NMTT, which cause no disulfiram-like reaction, led to a slight decline in the elimination rate per animal, although no alteration was detected when the rate was expressed as the rate per g liver. The findings indicated that the ethanol elimination in vivo per animal is regulated by the total capacity of the alcohol-metabolizing enzyme activities in the whole liver. ER  - 
Voltage-clamp studies of the inhibition of γ-aminobutyric acid response by glucocorticoids in bullfrog primary afferent neurons; Acute effects of glucocorticoids on the response to γ-aminobutyric acid (GABA) were examined in primary afferent neurons in bullfrog spinal ganglia, using intracellular and voltage-clamp recording techniques. Prednisolone and hydrocortisone (5 μM to 1 mM) caused a dose-dependent decrease in the amplitude of GABA-induced depolarization, while having no effect on the membrane potential and resistance of the neuron. Prednisolone depressed the muscimol-induced depolarization. Nipocotic acid, a blocker of GABA uptake did not influence the inhibitory action of prednisolone. Voltage-clamp analyses showed that the inward current induced by an iontophoretic application of GABA (GABA current) was suppressed by prednisolone and hydrocortisone. The depression of the GABA current is neither due to a blockage of open channels nor a facilitation of the desensitization of GABA receptors. Prednisolone shifted the dose-response curve of the GABA current downward. The double-reciprocal (Lineweaver-Burk) plot showed that the maximum GABA current was reduced by prednisolone, suggesting a non-competitive antagonism. These results suggest that glucocorticoids suppress the GABA-induced chloride current, decreasing the number of functional channels associated with GABA(A) receptor. ER  - 
Effects of beta-lactam antibiotics and N-methyltetrazolethiol on the alcohol-metabolizing system in rats; The disulfiram-like effect of various beta-lactam antibiotics containing N-methyltetrazolethiol (NMTT) on the alcohol-metabolizing system was studied using rats. Their administration caused decreased activities in low K(m) aldehyde dehydrogenase (ALDH) and acetaldehyde oxidation in the liver, with marked depression from several hours to 2 days after the treatment. Blood acetaldehyde level increased markedly when ethanol was administered 18-24 hr after pretreatment with antibiotics. A similar time course change in the effect was obtained when disulfiram was administered. The following results obtained in the present study indicate that the disulfiram-like effect associated with these antibiotics was not mediated by the whole molecular structures of these drugs: Firstly, the antibiotics were eliminated rapidly from the plasma and liver, and the disulfiram-like effect was followed by a disappearance of the drugs. Secondly, the concentration of antibiotics required to inhibit mitochondrial low K(m) ALDH activity in vitro was very high compared with their liver concentration. Thirdly, rapid onset of disulfiram-like effects occurred after administration of NMTT itself, and a pronounced elevation of blood acetaldehyde level was observed when ethanol was administered 3-5 hr after the NMTT injection. Fourthly, almost the same amounts of NMTT were released in the body after the intravenous administration of various NMTT-containing antibiotics, as judged by the urinary excretion. These results suggest that the disulfiram-like effect of beta-lactam antibiotics is mediated by NMTT released from them. ER  - 
Chronic refractory pain in cancer patients. Usefulness of intrathecal lysine acetylsalicylate in 60 cases; Several animal studies have demonstrated that pain is modulated by spinal mechanisms involving prostaglandins and that acetylsalicylic acid (ASA) administered intrathecally has an analgesic effect. We report our experience of this treatment in 60 patients with proven and advanced cancer. An isobaric solution of lysine acetylsalicylate was administered by lumbar puncture in doses ranging from 120 to 720 mg of ASA. The results were evaluated using the habitual criteria: scoring system, behaviour, consumption of analgesic drugs. In this trial the method proved astonishingly effective (78% of the cases). Analgesia was strong, almost immediate and without influence on motricity. No thermic or neurovegetative changes were noted. The effect of one injection lasted from 3 weeks to 1 month on average; it was reproduced and often more prolonged after a repeat injection. Pain associated with bone metastases seems to constitute the best indication, notably in breast and lung cancer and in myeloma. Visceral (pancreas) or neural pain requires higher doses to respond. Failures (22%) were due to such factors as insufficient dosage at the very beginning of our experience of severe depressive syndrome. The perineal and sphincteral pain of rectal cancer often resists treatment. This simple, inexpensive and very effective method with no other complication than a frequent tendency to fatigue should rank among other analgesic measures in cancer. The lack of respiratory depression is a major advantage over catheter spinal opiate analgesia. We consider that its main indications are pain associated with osteolytic metastases of adenocarcinomas, and myelomas. Owing to the absence of formal toxicological data, its use must be limited to cancer pain and to patients with a life expectancy of less than 2 years. ER  - 
Effects of inhibition of thromboxane A2 synthesis in aspirin-induced asthma; Since inhibition of cyclooxygenase precipitates asthmatic attacks in patients with aspirin idiosyncrasy, we have evaluated the effects of pharmacologic inhibition of thromboxane A2 (TXA2) synthetase, next to cyclooxygenase enzyme in arachidonic acid cascade. Sixteen patients with aspirin-induced asthma received increasing doses on 3 days (25 to 400 mg) of an imidazole derivative, OKY-046, which specifically blocks TXA2 synthetase. Twenty-three healthy control subjects received a single dose of 400 mg of OKY-046. In both patients and control subjects, the inhibitor at a dose of 400 mg produced (1) a pronounced fall in thromboxane B2 serum levels, (2) a rise in serum 6-keto-prostaglandin F(1α), and (3) a depression in platelet aggregability to arachidonic acid and adenosine diphosphate. The drug, however, neither precipitated attacks of asthma nor impaired pulmonary function tests throughout a 24-hour observation period. Five patients, but none of the control subjects, developed transient nasal congestion about 1 hour after taking the drug. Thus, inhibition of TXA2 synthetase, contrary to inhibition of cyclooxygenase, does not affect bronchopulmonary function in patients with asthma and aspirin intolerance. ER  - 
TRH stimulation test and depression; A thyrotropin-releasing hormone (TRH) stimulation test was performed in 52 male inpatients with major depressive disorder. Twenty-nine percent of the 52 subjects had a delta thyroid-stimulating hormone (ΔTSH) < 5 μU/ml. The cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) amine metabolites, 3-methoxy-4-hydroxyphenylglycol (MHPG), homovanillic acid (HVA), and 5-hydroxyindoleacetic acid (5HIAA), were measured in 29 subjects, and a dexamethasone suppression test (DST) was performed in 48 subjects. Of the three CSF amine metabolites, only MHPG correlated significantly with baseline TSH and none correlated with ΔTSH. The baseline TSH correlated positively with the TSH response at 30 minutes. Neither baseline TSH nor ΔTSH correlated with cortisol levels before or after dexamethasone. The correlation between CSF MHPG and serum TSH suggests a relationship between central norepinephrine and baseline TSH. ER  - 
Injury to rat hearts produced by an exogenous free radical generating system. Study into the role of arachidonic acid and eicosanoids; This study was designed to evaluate the effect of an exogenous free radical generating system consisting of purine plus xanthine oxidase on the isolated rat heart and in particular to assess the possible contribution of arachidonic acid or its metabolites to toxicity produced by this drug combination. Purine plus xanthine oxidase produced a time-dependent depression in cardiac contractility which was associated with stimulated release of lactate dehydrogenase (LDH). Electron microscopic analysis revealed a distinct separation of the glycocalyx from the sarcolemmal membrane with no apparent intracellular defects. Purine plus xanthine oxidase was a potent stimulus for 6-keto-prostaglandin F(1α) (6K-PGF(1α)) synthesis but leukotriene production was undetectable under any condition. Eicosatetraynoic acid, which totally prevents the metabolism of arachidonic acid, accelerated the loss in force and increased LDH release invoked by purine plus xanthine oxidase, but produced no noticeable change in sarcolemmal ultrastructure. Cyclooxygenase inhibitors produced little influence although pretreatment with either acetylsalicylic acid or ibuprofen decreased contractility toward the end of purine plus xanthine oxidase perfusion. Nordihydroguiaretic acid, a purported inhibitor of 5'-lipoxygenase accelerated the loss in force produced by purine plus xanthine oxidase. The nordihydroguiaretic acid effects were associated with reduced tK-PGF(1α) efflux but LDH release was unaffected. We also examined whether modification of arachidonic acid release through changes in calcium concentration was associated with altered response to purine plus xanthine oxidase. Lowering the calcium concentration to 0.41 mM (from 1.25 mM control) reduced markedly 6K-PGF(1α) efflux as well as LDH release. Although the latter is suggestive of protection, hypocalcemic perfusion resulted in a greater loss in force due to free radical generation. Furthermore, cells from these hearts exhibited a greater degree of glycocalyx separation. Increasing the calcium concentration to 2.50 mM produced no further toxic manifestations in the response to purine plus xanthine oxidase, although the release of 6K-PGF(1α) was increased. Our results suggest complex toxicity induced by an exogenously generated free radical system. The injury produced by this method is restricted to sarcolemmal changes, the latter being dependent on the external calcium concentration. The study further suggests that accumulation of intracellular unesterified arachidonic acid, which may result from peroxidation of membrane lipids, increases tissue injury caused by exogenous free radicals. ER  - 
Immune depression as a reaction to surgical operations--its significance for postoperative infection; Injuries, burns, and surgical intervention may lead to temporary depression of immune defence. Today, life-threatening infections may be caused by bacteria, such as pseudomonas, bacteroids, serratia as well as by viruses, including cytomegaly virus, and yeasts. Severe infections of that kind may be countered by adequate nutrition, planned application of antibiotics or, in the future, by possible active substances against depression of the immunity system, such as interferone, interleucine, and prostaglandins. More attention should be given in surgery to control of immunological defence as well as to knowledge about immunological defence mechanisms. Immune defence has proved to play an important role not only in transplantation surgery but also in other major surgical interventions and in intensive therapy. ER  - 
Down syndrome and leukemia: Unusual clinical aspects and unexpected methotrexate sensitivity; Twenty-four patients with Down syndrome and leukemia were studied. A strong male predominance (79%) was found. Age ranged between 18 months and 15 years (mean: 5 6/12); 54% of the patients were less than 4 years of age at the time of diagnosis. A preleukemic phase was noted in 6/24 patients. This phase, characterized essentially by thrombocytopenia, lasted from 2-8 months. Patients with preleukemia had unusual blast cell morphology and involvement of more than one cell line (dyserythropoiesis, hypolobulated megakaryocytes) and were probably M7 leukemias. All patients demonstrated severe methotrexate toxicity at standard methotrexate doses. Toxicity, manifesting as mouth ulcerations and bone marrow depression was seen regardless of the route of administration (oral, intrathecal or intravenous). A 30%-50% reduction of the standard dose was tolerated. Methotrexate absorption and clearance were studied in two patients and were found to be normal. We postulate that the observed toxicity of methotrexate may be due to gene dosage effect for enzymes known to be on chromosome 21 and intervening in purine metabolism. Increased purine synthesis implies greater tetrahydrofolic acid demands and therefore greater sensitivity to an antifolate agent. ER  - 
Hematuria caused by abdominal abscessation in a foal.; A 4.5-month-old Standard-bred filly was referred for evaluation of pigmenturia. Initially, the pigmenturia had resolved with the administration of antibiotics, only to recur after their withdrawal. A dark red urine sample contained numerous RBC, WBC, and gram-negative rods (Escherichia coli). Ultrasonography revealed the right kidney to be large, with multiple cystic structures and a dilated renal pelvis and calices. Cystoscopy revealed a large blood clot within the bladder and urine coming from the left ureteral opening. Urine was not observed coming from the right ureter. It was suspected that the primary infection within the urinary tract was coming from the right kidney, with secondary ureteral obstruction and cystitis. Trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole treatment was initiated. However, acute depression and abdominal pain developed several days later, and the foal died before assistance could be provided. Necropsy revealed a large abscess that had eroded into the right ureter and aorta and had ruptured, resulting in acute blood loss and death. The location and extensive nature of the lesion would have precluded surgical intervention. ER  - 
Effects of highly purified eicosapentaenoic acid on plasma beta thromboglubulin level and vascular reactivity to angiotensin II; Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), the precursor fatty acid of three series of prostaglandins, has been reported to have an antiatherothrombotic potential. We gave highly purified EPA in a soft capsule (90% ethylester form of EPA; EPA-E) to 6 healthy male volunteers for 4 weeks. After the administration of 900 mg/day of EPA-E for two weeks or longer, a significant reduction in plasma β thromboglobulin level was observed, and after 4 weeks' administration, significantly blunted pressor responsiveness to infused angiotensin II was observed. These changes were not observed 4 weeks after EPA-E had been discontinued. After 4 weeks' ingestion of EPA-E, the platelet count, mean platelet volume, platelet aggregation with adenosine diphosphate or collagen, plasma recalcification time, prothrombin time, plasma antithrombin III, fibrinogen or plasmin concentrations, serum concentrations of total cholesterol, triglycerides, total phospholipid, nonesterified fatty acid or high-density lipoprotein cholesterol were unchanged. From the data presented it can be said that EPA-E causes a mild depression of vascular contractility and of platelet aggregability in vivo and exerts a beneficial influence on several cardiovascular factors. ER  - 
Pericarditis in the course of acute leukemia.; Among 140 patients with acute leukemia (AL) diagnosed according to FAB criteria, pericarditis was diagnosed clinically in 5 of them. They were 2 women and 3 men with different types of AL (L2-in one, M2-in one, M3-in one and M4-in two persons). It occurred in one patient at the onset of the disease and was associated with hyperuricemia, in another one--in complete remission, in the third--during partial remission, and in remaining two patients--during induction therapy. In all patients pericarditis was manifested by fever up to 38-40 degrees C, tachycardia and pericardial friction, in 3-heart silhouettes were enlarged. The ECG revealed mainly depression of ST segments. In 1 case only ECG pattern was typical of pericarditis. Clinically the symptoms of right ventricle failure predominated in 3 and of septic shock--in 2 patients. The etiologic factors were: Pseudomonas aeruginosa 2 X, Enterobacter cloacae 1 X, tuberculosis infection 1 X and hyperuricemia and Enterobacter sepsis 1 X. Pericarditis was favourably influenced by treatment with antibiotics, cardiaca and diuretics in 4 patients. One patient died of a sepsis. In no case the patient's death was attributable to pericarditis. The results of postmortem examinations in 79 cases of AL has revealed three additional cases of pericarditis due to tuberculosis infection, Staphylococcus aureus sepsis and aspergillosis. ER  - 
Obsessive-compulsive disorder: Psychobiological approaches to diagnosis, treatment, and pathophysiology; The diagnosis, treatment, and pathophysiology of obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) were examined in a series of studies utilizing psychobiological approaches. Putative biological markers previously reported in depression were studied in this disorder and revealed that on some measures [Dexamethasone Suppression Test and rapid eye movement (REM) latency on sleep electroencephalogram (EEG)], OCD patients resemble those with major depressive disorder (MDD), whereas on others [REM density, platelet serotonin uptake, probably platelet 3H-imipramine binding, and 5-hydroxy-indoleacetic acid (5-HIAA) in cerebral spinal fluid (CSF) they do not. The relationship between OCD and MDD was further explored in a double-blind, randomized crossover study designed to compare the antiobsessional effects of two tricyclic antidepressants, clomipramine (CMI) and desipramine (DMI), in a nondepressed cohort of OCD patients. CMI was found to have significant effects in this group, whereas in the same patients DMI lacked therapeutic effects. These results suggest that not all antidepressants are antiobsessive and that some property of CMI, such as its potent serotonergic effects, may be of pathophysiological relevance for OCD. The role of serotonin in this disorder was then tested using the pharmacological challenge strategy. A novel serotonin postsynaptic receptor (5HT-1) agonist, m-chlorophenylpiperazine (m-CPP), was administered orally (0.5 mg/kg) under double-blind, placebo-controlled conditions to OCD patients and controls. In addition, a serotonergic receptor antagonist, metergoline (4 mg), was given to a subset of OCD patients. Relative to healthy volunteers, the OCD patients became significantly more anxious, depressed, and dysphoric after m-CPP administration. Moreover, in the OCD patients, obsessive-compulsive symptoms increased markedly after m-CPP and decreased significantly following metergoline administration. These results demonstrate that agents that bind to the 5HT-1 receptor can actually affect the symptoms of OCD patients. The striking behavioral effects of these direct postsynaptic receptor ligands and the relative specificity of clomipramine as an antiobsessional agent suggest that serotonergic neurons may play a role in the pathophysiology, as well as mediating the pharmacological reduction, of obsessional symptoms. ER  - 
Aminoglycoside antibiotics: Interaction with trimethaphan at the neuromuscular junctions; Trimethaphan, a ganglionic blocking agent which is administered by intravenous drip to produce controlled hypotension during surgery, produces a complete neuromuscular blockade at the isolated phrenic nerve-hemidiaphragm preparation of the rat at a concentration of 0.3 mmol·l-1. This blockade is not reversed by neostigmine, a cholinesterase inhibitor, nor by calcium chloride, and this action is attributed to the local anaesthetic activity of the drug. Trimethaphan (1.5 x 10-2 mmol·l-1) interacts with the following aminoglycoside antibiotics: gentamicin (0.04), streptomycin (0.05), netilmicin (0.06), amikacin (0.11), sisomicin (0.14), kanamycin (0.17), tobramycin (0.18) and dibekacin (0.21 mmol·l-1) to produce a complete neuromuscular blockade. These pharmacodynamic interactions of trimethaphan and aminoglycoside antibiotics occur at significantly reduced concentrations of the interacting drugs which are very close to the ones obtained after administration of therapeutic doses. When trimethaphan or aminoglycoside antibiotics are used alone at the above reduced concentrations they do not exert any neuromuscular blocking activity. The neuromuscular blockade which is obtained after the interaction of trimethaphan with aminoglycoside antibiotics is not reversed by either neostigmine or calcium chloride, although the neuromuscular blockade which is produced by aminoglycoside antibiotics alone is reversed by calcium chloride. It is concluded that the local anaesthetic effect of trimethaphan is the predominant factor of the mechanism of the above interactions. These interactions may produce severe respiratory disturbances (respiratory depression or apnoea) to the patients, during the perioperative period, which can be reversed only with artificial ventilation. ER  - 
Aminoglycoside-induced blockade of reflex activity in the isolated spinal cord from the neonatal rat; The subarachnoid injection of gentamicin into rats causes a transient flaccid paralysis of the hindlimbs lasting 1 to 5 hrs followed by a permanent flaccid paralysis which develops after 24 to 36 hrs. Although the early transient paralysis could be attributed to a pharmacologic blockade of central synaptic transmission, the mechanism of the blockade was not apparent. This study examines the effects of gentamicin and two other aminoglycoside antibiotics, kanamycin and neomycin, on reflex transmission in the isolated, hemisected spinal cord of the neonatal rat and the interaction with calcium. Gentamicin produced a concentration-dependent depression of reflex activity with a 50% inhibitory concentration of 1.6 mM at an external calcium concentration ([Ca2+]o) of 2.5 mM. Reducing the [Ca2+]o by half (i.e., to 1.25 mM) lowered the 50% inhibitory concentration of gentamicin to 0.22 mM. Gentamicin also increased the magnitude of homosynaptic depression of reflex activity in a manner qualitatively similar to that of decreasing [Ca2+]o. Lowering the [Ca2+]o potentiated the effect of gentamicin on homosynaptic depression. The actions of neomycin, kanamycin and magnesium on reflex transmission were nearly identical to those of gentamicin. These findings demonstrate that the early paralysis seen after subarachnoid injection of gentamicin may result from a central blockade of transmission. It is most likely that the site for blockade of reflex activity by gentamicin is presynaptic. ER  - 
The hematologic effects of latamoxef sodium when used as a prophylaxis during surgical treatment; Latamoxef sodium, a third generation cephalosporin antibiotic, has been shown to provide good prophylaxis against postoperative infection. It has, however, been implicated as causing disturbances of hemostasis particularly when used in treatment. We have studied 40 patients who required antibiotic prophylaxis prior to surgical treatment randomizing and stratifying them according to age and type of operation, to receive either latamoxef or piperacillin. Five hematologic paramaters were studied, prothrombin time, activated partial thromboplastin time, plasma factor II concentration, plasma factor VII concentration and platalet count. Minor differences were noted with latamoxef producing mild persistant elevation of prothombin time (0.7 second) associated with depression of factor II and factor VII. In out study, we found that, when used as three dose, single agent prophylaxis, there was no difference between latamoxef and piperacillin in producing clinical disturbances of hemostasis. However, attention is drawn to the importance of recognizing that hemostatic disturbances can occur after the use of broad spectrum antibiotics as prophylaxis for surgical treatment. Mechanisms of hemostatic disorders are reviewed and alternative hypotheses are suggested. ER  - 
Depression of oxidative metabolism of aspirin in mice via an interferon-associated mechanism in relation to Reye's syndrome; Interferon synthesis was induced in inbred strains of mice with either polyriboinosinic-polyribocytidylic acid or Newcastle disease virus. The strains, BALB/cBy and C57BL/6By, respond to Newcastle disease virus by producing 'low' and 'high' levels of serum interferon, respectively. 24 h after interferon induction mice received [carboxyl-14C]-aspirin orally. The metabolic conjugation of aspirin was little changed after either treatment while the urinary excretion of gentisic acid, a minor product of metabolic oxidation, was significantly depressed after polyriboinosinic-polyribocytidylic acid in both strains and in C57BL/6By mice after Newcastle disease virus. The results suggest that such a metabolic impairment in aspirin metabolism would not significantly affect salicylate clearance and hence are unlikely to be directly related to the aetiology of Reye's syndrome which has been associated with both a prodromal viral infection and aspirin therapy. ER  - 
Bacterial resistance to β-lactam antibiotics: Crystal structure of β-lactamase from Staphylococcus aureus PC1 at 2.5 Å resolution; β-Lactamases are enzymes that protect bacteria from the lethal effects of β-lactam antibiotics, and are therefore of considerable clinical importance. The crystal structure of β-lactamase from the Gram-positive bacterium Staphylococcus aureus PC1 has been determined at 2.5 angstrom resolution. It reveals a molecule of novel topology, made up of two closely associated domains. The active site is located at the interface between the domains, with the key catalytic residue Ser70 at the amino terminus of a buried helix. Examination of the disposition of the functionally important residues within the active site depression leads to a model for the binding of a substrate and a functional analogy to the serine proteases. The unusual topology of the secondary structure units is relevant to questions concerning the evolutionary relation to the β-lactam target enzymes of the bacterial cell wall. ER  - 
Surgical trauma to the lateral semicircular canal with preservation of hearing; Surgical trauma to the lateral semicircular canal (LSC) is a rare complication which does not always result in cochlear damage. The authors present six such cases, discuss the histopathological findings of one case, and review 12 previous reports. Transient cochlear depression with normalization of function within 6 weeks of trauma occurred in most instances. Vestibular symptoms were pronounced and, although compensation was not delayed, positional dizziness and instability usually persisted for several months and occasionally for a year or more. Histopathological findings (two specimens) were significant for obliterative scarring of the LSC at the site of injury and for the structural integrity of the labyrinth and cochlea. The mechanism of cochlear protection in these cases remains obscure; however, clean injuries away from the ampullary end of the canal occurring in patients without preexisting inner ear disease appear to have a better prognosis. Intraoperative closure of the defect, postoperative bed rest, and antibiotics are the basic elements of management. ER  - 
Corticotropin releasing hormone: relevance to normal physiology and to the pathophysiology and differential diagnosis of hypercortisolism and adrenal insufficiency.; CRH is a 41 amino acid peptide first isolated from ovine and subsequently from rat and human hypothalami. We have conducted a series of clinical studies with oCRH and hCRH in volunteers and patients with various disorders of hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal function. In volunteers, it was demonstrated that hCRH administration produced ACTH and cortisol responses which closely mimic naturalistically occurring secretory episodes. This data, as well as the demonstration that pulsatile hCRH can reestablish normal ACTH and cortisol secretion in patients with hypothalamic CRH deficiency, strongly argue that CRH is of physiological relevance to the human pituitary-adrenal axis. However, since the ACTH response to an insulin tolerance test is greater than the maximal ACTH response to CRH, other factors such as vasopressin may be relevant to stress-induced ACTH secretion in man. Following the demonstration that CRH seems to be of physiological relevance to human subjects, a CRH stimulation test was developed based on pharmacokinetic and dose response studies with oCRH and hCRH. Based on these data, which revealed that oCRH functions as a long-acting analogue of hCRH, and the demonstration that hormonal responses to CRH are greatest in the evening, patient groups with abnormalities of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis were tested with intravenous oCRH with a dose of 1 micrograms/kg given at 2000 hours. This CRH stimulation test has proved helpful in clarifying the pathophysiology of hypercortisolism in a variety of psychiatric disorders characterized by this endocrine abnormality. Thus, blunted ACTH responses in hypercortisolemic patients with depression, anorexia nervosa, and panic anxiety disorder indicate normality of the pituitary corticotroph in these patient subgroups. These data, along with the finding that a continuous infusion of CRH to normal volunteers, reproduces the pattern and magnitude of hypercortisolism in depression and anorexia nervosa, suggest that the hypercortisolism in these disorders represents a defect at or above the hypothalamus resulting in the hypersecretion of CRH. This hypothesis is particularly intriguing in light of the demonstration that CRH administration to experimental animals produces many of the physiological and behavioral responses classically associated with depression and anorexia nervosa, including hypercortisolism, hypothalamic hypogonadism, and decreases in libido and appetite. The CRH stimulation test has also helped to resolve one of the oldest endocrinological dilemmas, namely whether the hypercortisolism of depression and Cushing's disease share a common or dissimilar pathophysiological basis.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS) ER  - 
β-Lactamase lability and inducer power of newer β-lactam antibiotics in relation to their activity against β-lactamase-inducibility mutants of pseudomonas aeruginosa; The interactions of imipenem, carbenicillin, cefotaxime, ceftriaxone, and azlocillin with the chromosomal β-lactamase of Pseudomonas aeruginosa were compared. Imipenem was hydrolyzed very slowly (k(cat), 1/min) and induced β-lactamase synthesis strongly. Its minimal inhibitory concentrations (MICs) reflected this behavior, being equal (1-2 μg/ml) for enzyme-inducible strains and their stably derepressed mutants. Mutants that had basal (i.e., minimal and uninducible) enzyme production were eight- to 16-fold more susceptible to imipenem than were inducible or stably derepressed strains. Carbenicillin was stable to hydrolysis (k(cat), <0.1/min) and induced weakly at low concentrations. Consequently its MICs were equal for β-lactamase-inducible strains and for their basal mutants. Stable β-lactamase depression generally did not increase resistance to carbenicillin significantly. Azlocillin, cefotaxime, and ceftriaxone were labile to hydrolysis (k(cat), 12-297/min) but induced poorly. Consequently their MICs for enzyme-inducible strains equaled those for basal mutants but were elevated for derepressed mutants. ER  - 
The neuromuscular blocking activity of isepamicin sulfate (HAPA-B) compared with other aminoglycoside antibiotics; Effects of isepamicin sulfate (HAPA-B), a new aminoglycoside antibiotic, on neuromuscular transmission were studied in rats and compared with those of amikacin (AMK) or other aminoglycoside antibiotics. HAPA-B, as well as other aminoglycoside antibiotics, depressed the twitch response of diaphragm to phrenic nerve stimulation in vitro. The depression effects of different drugs were compared and graded in order of strength of blocking action: netilmicin (NTL)>gentamicin (GM)>streptomycin (SM)>kanamycin (KM)>AMK>HAPA-B. The IC50 (concentration which inhibited the response by 50%) of HAPA-B was 3.6x10-3 g/ml. The neuromuscular blockade produced by HAPA-B was reversed by CaCl2, KCl or caffeine but not by neostigmine. D-tubocurarine of MgCl2 augmented the neuromuscular effects of HAPA-B. Intramuscular (400 mg/kg) and intravenous (100 mg/kg) injections of HAPA-B did not affect the twitch response of gastrocnemius muscle to sciatic nerve stimulation in situ. Intravenous injection of 200 mg/kg caused death in some rats and depression of the twitch response in others. Intravenous AMK produced no significant effect on the twitch response at 50 mg/kg and caused death at 100 mg/kg. GM and SM caused death or a significant degree of depression of the twitch response at intravenous doses of 50 mg/kg. In experiments of intravenous drug infusion for 60 minutes, the twitch response was depressed by HAPA-B at 400 mg/kg/hr and by AMK at 200 and 400 mg/kg/hr. In conclusion, HAPA-B has a neuromuscular blocking action presumably at the nerve terminal. However, its action was the weakest among the aminoglycoside antibiotics tested. ER  - 
Antitumor activity of a novel antitumor antibiotic, quinocarmycin citrate (KW2152); A novel antitumor antibiotics, 2a,3,4,5,6,6a,7,11b-octahydro-11-methoxy-12-methyl-3,6-imino -1H-2-oxa-11c-azanaphth(1,2,3-cd)azulene-5-carboxylic acid monocitrate (quinocarmycin citrate; KW2152) was selected for investigation in a number of experimental tumor systems because of its efficacy against P388 leukemia. In the initial studies with P388 leukemia (i.p.-i.p.), KW2152 gave an increase in lift span of > 80%. The activity was schedule dependent and daily administration was the most effective. KW2152 caused marginal activity against L1210 leukemia, B16 melanoma, and M5076 sarcoma. The effect on cultured cells suggested that KW2152 was not cross-resistant to Adriamycin (ADM) but was cross-resistant to mitomycin C (MMC); however, KW2152 caused prolongation of life span against mice bearing P388/ADM or P388/MMC. In tests against human tumors xenografted s.c. in nude mice, KW2152 significantly inhibited the growth of MX-1 mammary carcinoma with all tumors cured at i.v. doses of 4.4 mg/kg/day and p.o. doses of 26.2 mg/kg/day given daily for 7 days. KW2152 also inhibited distinct human gastric carcinomas St-4 and St-15 tumors, and colon carcinoma Co-3 by daily administration for 7 days. Against St-4 KW2152 gave a treated versus control percentage of 27, compared to 52 for cis-diamminedichloroplatinum. Against Co-3, KW2152 was at least as effective as MMC, ADM, cis-diamminedichloroplatinum, and bleomycin, giving a treated versus control prercentage of 18 at a dose of 8.6 mg/kg/day given daily for 7 days. KW2152 showed growth inhibitory activity against cultured murine tumors and human cells. The order of in vitro efficacy of KW2152 against murine tumors, P388 leukemia > L1210 leukemia, B16 melanoma, correlated with the order of the sensitivity on the i.p.-i.p. systems of these tumors. The 50% inhibitory concentrations against P388 leukemia cells were 5.3 x 10-6 and 1.1 x 10-7 M after 1 and 72 h exposure, respectively. KW2152 caused significant inhibition of RNA synthesis after a short time exposure. In P388 leukemia cells exposed for 1 h with KW2152, the 50% inhibitory concentration for RNA synthesis was 10-5 M, 30-fold less than that for DNA synthesis. White blood cell depression or platelet depression was not significant after administration of the i.v. 10% lethal dose given daily for 7 days. Because of its good activity against human mammary tumor MX-1 and some effectiveness against other gastric and colon carcinomas and its water solubility, a novel antitumor antibiotic, KW2152, is being developed as a Phase I anticancer agent. ER  - 
Reduced cerebral glucose metabolism and increased brain capillary permeability following high-dose methotrexate chemotherapy: A positron emission tomographic study; Regional glucose metabolic rate constants and blood-to-brain transport of rubidium were estimated using positron emission tomography in an adolescent patient with a brain tumor, before and after chemotherapy with intravenous high-dose methotrexate. Widespread depression of cerebral glucose metabolism was apparent 24 hours after drug administration, which may reflect reduced glucose phosphorylation, and the influx rate constant for 82Rb was increased, indicating a drug-induced alteration in blood-brain barrier function. Associated changes in neuropsychological performance, electroencephalogram, and plasma amino acid concentration were identified in the absence of evidence of systemic methotrexate toxicity, suggesting primary methotrexate neurotoxicity. ER  - 
Prediction of subtype and severity of depression by means of dexamethasone suppression test, L-tryptophan: Competing amino acid ratio, and MHPG flow; The score on the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS), the L-tryptophan:competing amino acid (valine + leucine) (L-TRP:CAA) ratio, and the 3-methoxy-4-hydroxyphenylglycol (MHPG) flow in 24-hr urine were recorded in 83 depressed patients undergoing a Dexamethasone Suppression Test (DST). The subjects were diagnostically subdivided according to DSM-III into minor depression (296.82, 300.40, 309.00), major depression without melancholia (296.X2), with melancholia (296.X3), or with psychotic features (296.X4). Minor depression, major depression with melancholia, and major depression with psychotic features can be regarded as distinct biological entities. Major depression without melancholia is a heterogeneous group with reference to the biological markers. By combining these biological data with age in a discriminant function analysis, 81.9% of all depressed patients can be correctly classified into minor or major depression groups. The combined biological markers can also be used to predict the severity of the depression; 42.5% of the variance in the HDRS score is a accounted for by multiple regression on the biological figures. Multivariate statistical techniques considerably improve prediction for both subtype and severity of depression. ER  - 
Interaction of dietary antibiotic supplementation and stocking density on broiler chick performance and immune response.; The growth depression caused by reducing the space allowance in battery brooders from 0.047 to 0.019 m2 per chick was ameliorated by subtherapeutic inclusion rates of dietary antibiotics. However, the interaction of antibiotic supplementation and stocking density was not significant for the variables measured. Increasing stocking density improved the efficiency of food utilisation. The high density regimen resulted in decreased weights of the bursa and thymus relative to body weight but there was no concurrent reductions in antibody response, spleen weight or mortality. ER  - 
Inhibition of thromboxane formation in vivo and ex vivo: Implications for therapy with platelet inhibitory drugs; The capacity of platelets to generate thromboxane A2, reflected by measurement of serum thromboxane B2 (TxB2), greatly exceeds the systemic production of thromboxane in vivo. Thus, it is possible that substantial but incomplete inhibition of thromboxane formation ex vivo would still allow marked augmentation of thromboxane production in vivo. To address this hypothesis, we administered aspirin 120 mg, a selective inhibitor of thromboxane synthase (TxSI), 3-(1H-imidazol-1-yl-methyl)-2-methyl-1H-indole-1-propanoic acid (UK-38,485) 200 mg, and a combination of both drugs to 12 healthy volunteers and measured the effects on serum TxB2 and urinary 2,3-dinor-thromboxane B2 (Tx-M), an index of endogenous thromboxane biosynthesis. Although serum TxB2 was maximally inhibited by 94 ± 1% after aspirin and 96 ± 2% after the TxSI, maximal depression of Tx-M was only 28 ± 8% and 37 ± 9%, respectively. Combination of aspirin with the TxSI resulted in a small but significant increase in inhibition of thromboxane generation ex vivo (98 ± 1% v 94 ± 1%; P < 0.05), but a disproportionately greater fall in thromboxane synthesis in vivo (58 ± 7%; P < 0.01). Consistent with further inhibition of platelet thromboxane synthesis, addition of the TxSI abolished the transient decline in prostacyclin formation after aspirin alone. Administration of a lower dose of aspirin (20 mg) to 6 healthy subjects caused a small reduction in Tx-M (12 ± 4%; P < 0.05) and inhibited serum TxB2 by 48 ± 2%. The relationship between inhibition of platelet capacity to form thromboxane ex vivo (serum TxB2) and synthesis in vivo (Tx-M) departed markedly from the line of identity. When total blockade of the capacity of platelets to generate thromboxane is approached, minor decrements in capacity result in a disproportionate depression of actual thromboxane biosynthesis. These results imply that pharmacologic inhibition of serum TxB2 must be virtually complete before thromboxane-dependent platelet activation is influenced in vivo. ER  - 
Plasma-free eicosapentaenoic acid/arachidonic acid ratio: A possible new coronary risk factor; Seventy-six effort angina patients who had typical angina on exertion documented by treadmill stress test with evidence of ischemic ST-segment depression and 78 healthy volunteers in urban Japan were investigated in this study. Plasma free fatty acids (FFA) in both groups were determined using high-performance liquid chromatography. The relationships between the total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotion (HDL), triglycerides in plasma, and the genesis of coronary heart disease were also examined. The ratio (0.08±0.08) of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA)/arachidonic acid (AA) in plasma FFA was significantly lower in effort angina patients than that (0.15±0.12) in healthy volunteers. The lower ratio was due to significantly lower levels of EPA in the patients than in normals. In 42% of angina patients, the ratio is below 0.03. In all age subgroups except the age 30-39 subgroup, the ratio of EPA/AA was significantly lower in patients than in normals, when divided into four subgroups by using a 10-year age interval. Though the total cholesterol and triglycerides were not significantly different between the two groups, HDL was significantly lower and total cholesterol/HDL ratio was significantly higher in effort angina patients than in healthy volunteers. However, there was no correlation between EPA/AA ratio and HDL in individuals in either group. From these results, it could be concluded that lower EPA/AA ratio is a new coronary risk indicator other than HDL. ER  - 
Inhibition of natural killer cell activity of human lymphocytes by eicosapentaenoic acid; The effect of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) on natural killer (NK) cell activity of human lymphocytes was examined. the addition of an emulsion of trieicosapentaenoyl-glycerol (EPA-TG) emulsified with purified phosphatidylcholine from krill to a cytotoxicity assay system resulted in a marked depression of NK activity. The inhibition was proportional to the concentration of EPA-TG emulsion, and was observed as early as the first one hour of incubation at various effector to target cell ratios. Pretreatment of effector cells with EPA-TG emulsion resulted in significant suppression of their NK activity. Inhibition of cytotoxicity was not due to direct toxicity to effector cells or decreased target cell binding. These results indicate that EPA is a potent inhibitor of NK activity in vitro. ER  - 
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in the treatment of angina pectoris: Effect on objective signs of exercise-induced myocardial ischemia; Dietary omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, especially eicosapentaenoic acid, might be involved in the low incidence of coronary artery disease in individuals consuming diets containing large amounts of these fatty acids, like those of Greenland Eskimos. Eicosapentaenoic acid is known to interfere with blood lipid levels, blood viscosity, red cell deformability and platelet function. To evaluate the effect of dietary supplementation of 3 gram omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids per day on exercise capacity and objective signs of exercise-induced myocardial ischemia we studied five patients with stable angina pectoris and with angiographically proven coronary artery disease. After six months of dietary supplementation, plasma total cholesterol (mmol/L) fell from 7.6 ± 1.6 to 6.5 ± 1.7 (p<0.03) and plasma HDL-cholesterol rose from 0.92 ± 0.12 to 1.02 ± 0.10 (p<0.05). However, exercise duration and maximal ST segment depression remained unchanged during the study period. In this limited series of patients with coronary artery disease, dietary enrichment of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids does not influence the objective manifestations of exercise-induced myocardial ischemia. However, the changes in blood lipid levels are promising and necessitate sequential angiographic studies on the long-term effect of these dietary manipulations. ER  - 
Non-narcotic analgesics. Problems of overdosage; The first cases of fulminant hepatic failure due to paracetamol poisoning were reported in 1966, and in the United Kingdom this condition is now responsible for more cases of acute hepatic failure than any other cause. Adults account for the majority of serious and fatal cases of paracetamol poisoning. A single measurement of the plasma paracetamol concentration is an accurate predictor of liver damage provided that it is taken not earlier than 4 hours after ingestion of the overdose. In a few patients, fulminant hepatic failure, manifested by increasing jaundice and encephalopathy, may develop by the third to fifth day. Acute renal failure may complicate paracetamol poisoning, often in the context of severe liver damage. Renal failure, which is often non-oliguric, typically becomes apparent 24 to 72 hours after overdosage. The treatment of paracetamol intoxication should include gastric lavage, which has been shown to be of value for up to 6 hours after ingestion of a paracetamol overdose. Further general treatment may include parenteral fluid replacement and a prophylactic infusion of dextrose (5-10%) in patients at risk of hepatic failure. Specific protective agents in those patients at risk of paracetamol-induced liver damage include N-acetylcysteine and methionine which are most effective if given within 8 to 10 hours of ingestion of the overdose. Hepatic and renal failure should be managed conventionally. In recent years in the United Kingdom there has been a gradual decline in the number of hospital admissions and the number of deaths from aspirin poisoning. Salicylates in overdose directly stimulate the respiratory centre and so cause a respiratory alkalosis. At very high salicylate concentrations respiratory depression may occur. In addition to a mixed acid-base disturbance, hypokalaemia and hypoglycaemia may be present. Nausea and vomiting increase the fluid deficit. If dehydration is sufficiently severe, decreasing cardiac output may hasten development of lactic acidosis and acute renal failure. Young children quickly develop a metabolic acidosis following the ingestion of aspirin in overdose but, by the age of 12 years, the usual adult picture of a mixed respiratory alkalosis and metabolic acidosis is seen. The treatment of salicylate poisoning is directed towards prevention of absorption, correction of acid-base, fluid and electrolyte disturbance and measures to increase the elimination of salicylate in those who are moderately or severely poisoned. It is now recognised that if alkaline diuresis is employed urine pH is of far greater importance than the volume of urine excreted. Despite the widespread therapeutic use of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) the current number of reported cases of poisoning is small. Initially, propionic acid derivatives were thought to have a low toxicity in overdose but, in addition to anticipated gastrointestinal symptoms (nausea, vomiting, abdominal pain, haematemesis), headache, tinnitus, hyperventilation, sinus tachycardia, hypoprothrombinaemia, haematuria, proteinuria and acute renal failure have been described. In addition, drowsiness, coma, nystagmus, diplopia, hypothermia, hypotension, respiratory depression and cardiac arrest have been reported in severe cases of poisoning. The oxicam derivative, piroxicam, is potentially very toxic in overdose. Oxyphenbutazone and phenylbutazone are very toxic in overdose but indomethacin appears to be much less toxic. An overdose of mefenamic acid may result in nausea, vomiting, muscle twitching, convulsions and coma. Management of NSAID overdose is essentially supportive and symptomatic. If a substantial overdose of an NSAID had been ingested (e.g. more than 10 therapeutic doses in an adult; 5 doses in a child), and if the patient presents not more than 4 hours after a substantial overdose, an attempt should be made to reduce absorption of toxic material by undertaking gastric lavage. Alternatively, if the patient presents within 1-2 hours of overdose, activated charcoal 50 to 100 g may be administered. Thereafter supportive measures may be needed and dialysis will be required if renal failure becomes established. As most NSAIDs are highly protein bound and extensively metabolised, forced diuresis, dialysis and haemoperfusion are unlikely to enhance elimination significantly. ER  - 
Diurnal rhythms of plasma cortisol, beta-endorphin and prolactin, and cerebrospinal fluid amine metabolite levels before suicide. Case report; There are indications to suggest a relationship between low levels of 5-hydroxy-indoleacetic acid (5HIAA) in the cerebrospinal fluid and suicidal behavior. Many depressed patients show an elevated cortisol secretion. As beta-endorphin is derived from the same precursor as ACTH, it is expected that plasma beta-endorphin levels will also rise in depressed patients. We report here a case of severe depression with diurnal variation who showed low CSF 5HIAA prior to his suicide. In contrast, his catecholamine metabolites were 50% above the mean values of other depressed patients. Hormonal measurements, however, showed low cortisol, prolactin and beta-endorphin levels. ER  - 
Candida albicans: A common cause of fatigue and depression; Multiple, nonspecific symptoms of a seemingly unrelated nature, which are often misdiagnosed as psychoneurotic in origin, are now known to be caused by Candida albicans. This illness is widely prevalent but frequently unrecognized. Physical examination and laboratory tests seldom point to a definitive diagnosis. Incorrect diagnoses as psychoneurosis, hypochondriasis, or endogenous depression are common. Fatigue, depression, and adverse reactions to numerous foods (so-called food allergy), chemical fumes (chemical sensitivity), and airborne allergens (typical hay fever) are often present. Gastrointestinal, genitourinary, and musculoskeletal symptoms are common. Etiology is partly iatrogenic and includes the prescribing of antibiotics (often inappropriately), corticosteroid medications and oral contraceptives - in concert with a diet which is high in sugar and which contains suboptimal amounts of essential micronutrients. Effective treatment consists of oral nystatin and avoidance of reactive foods, combined with measures to support the immune system and reduce fungal colonization in body cavities. Clinical recognition of this syndrome and appropriate therapy can often relieve enervating symptoms which previously puzzled and frustrated both physicians and patients. An enormous amount of unnecessary suffering can thus be relieved. ER  - 
Acute high-dose methotrexate neurotoxicity in the rat; Intravenous high-dose methotrexate chemotherapy may produce acute, subacute, or chronic neurotoxicity in patients with cancer. Acute encephalopathies following high-dose methotrexate treatment are recognized with increasing frequency. This study describes a model of acute high-dose methotrexate neurotoxicity in the rat characterized by a profound dose-dependent depression of cerebral glucose metabolism in association with behavioral and electroencephalographic abnormalities. Alterations in the amino acid profile, similar to those described in cancer patients after high-dose methotrexate treatment, were observed in the absence of biochemical evidence of systemic organ toxicity. This model facilitates the study of the biochemical mechanisms of antifolate neurotoxicity in humans and permits the evaluation of potential therapeutic interventions. ER  - 
Diazepam-binding inhibitor. A brain neuropeptide present in human spinal fluid. Studies in depression, schizophrenia, and Alzheimer's disease; Diazepam-binding inhibitor is a novel peptide purified to homogeneity from rat and human brain. Diazepam-binding inhibitor is present, though not exclusively, in γ-aminobutyric acid (GABA)-containing neurons where it is believed to inhibit GABAergic neurotransmission mediated by GABA by binding to the benzodiazepine-GABA receptor complex. Since an impairment of central GABAergic tone has been postulated to be associated with a number of neuropsychiatric disorders, we measured human diazepam-binding inhibitor immunoreactivity in the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) of patients suffering from endogenous depression, schizophrenia, and dementia of the Alzheimer's type. Patients with major depression had significantly higher concentrations of human diazepam-binding inhibitor immunoreactivity in CSF when compared with age- and sex-matched normal volunteers, while no difference in CSF diazepam-binding inhibitor immunoreactivity was found in schizophrenics or patients with dementia or the Alzheimer's type when compared with controls. The possibility is discussed that the increased CSF human diazepam-binding inhibitor immunoreactivity observed in depressed patients may represent a functional disinhibition of GABAergic neurotransmission associated with depression. ER  - 
Potentiation of the depression by adenosine of rat cerebral cortical neurones by progestational agents; The effects of four progestational agents pregnenolone sulphate, cyproterone acetate, norethindrone acetate and progesterone, on adenosine-evoked depression of the firing of rat cerebral cortical neurones have been studied. When applied iontophoretically, pregnenolone sulphate, cyproterone, and norethindrone enhanced the actions of iontophoretically applied adenosine and failed to potentiate the depressant effects of adenosine 5'-N-ethylcarboxamide and γ-aminobutyric acid. Cyproterone acetate (50 μg kg-1) and progesterone (200 μg kg-1) administered intravenously enhanced the depressant actions of iontophoretically applied adenosine. When applied by large currents, cyproterone, and less frequently norethindrone, depressed the firing of cerebral cortical neurones. The depressant effects of cyproterone were antagonized by caffeine. Pregnenolone sulphate tended to excite cortical neurones but neither this action, nor its potentiation of adenosine were reproduced by application of sulphate ions. It is hypothesized that some of the psychotropic actions of progestational agents may involve an enhancement of 'purinergic' tone in the central nervous system. ER  - 
The effect of BW 755C and nordihydroguaiaretic acid in the rat isolated perfused mesenteric vasculature; The suitability of two lipoxygenase inhibitors to study the putative effects of leukotrienes (LTs) in rat isolated perfused mesentery has been assessed. Both the lipoxygenase inhibitor nordihydroguaiaretic acid (NDGA) and the dual lipoxygenase and cyclo-oxygenase inhibitor BW 755C depressed vasoconstrictor responses to NA, an effect characteristic of cyclo-oxygenase inhibitors on this tissue. However, depression of responses to NA by NDGA was non-selective since it depressed responses to calcium over the same concentration range. BW 755C possessed some selectivity for inhibition of responses to NA compared to calcium. The difference in relative selectivities between the two inhibitors was confirmed using prostaglandin E2 (PGE2), which reversed responses to NA depressed by BW 755C to a greater extent than those depressed by NDGA. LTC4 and LTD4 neither caused vasoconstriction nor reversed responses to NA depressed by BW 755C. Since NDGA in particular caused depression in this tissue, results using this drug to investigate the possible role of LTs in other blood vessels should be treated with caution. ER  - 
Effects of intravenous aspirin on prostaglandin synthesis and kidney function in intensive care patients; The effects of intravenous acetylsalicylic acid (1.0 g bolus) on renal function and prostaglandin synthesis were evaluated in a prospective, controlled study in eight patients in an intensive care unit. Four of these patients had congestive heart failure. Administration of acetylsalicylic acid caused significant antidiuresis (-56%), antinatriuresis (-82%), renin suppression (-26%) and ecreased GFR (-41%). All of these changes were completely reversible within 1-2 hours and tended to be more pronounced in the patients with congestive heart failure. Urinary excretion of prostaglandin E2 was depressed profoundly (-93%) and di not return to more than 45% of control 6 h after the administration of acetylsalicylic acid. We conclude that intravenous acetylsalicylic acid affects kidney function in a manner similar to other prostaglandin synthesis inhibitors. Its effects are, however, short-lived. The inhibition of urinary PGE2 excretion outlasts GFR depression, antidiuresis, antinatriuresis and renin suppression by several hours. ER  - 
Effects of acetylsalicylic acid and indomethacin on single groups III and IV sensory units from acutely inflamed joints; In cats with an acute experimental inflammation in the right knee joint the effects of acetylsalicylic acid (ASA) and indomethacin on the discharge properties of single fine myelinated and unmyelinated articular afferent untis were tested. The knee joint was inflamed by injection of kaolin and carrageenan into the joint cavity some hours before the recording period. Before drug application of the single afferent fibres showed resting activity and responses to movements of the joint within its working range which is common for units from the inflamed knee. Resting activity was reduced significantly in most units within 0.5 h after the intravenous injection of the drugs. Within the observation time of about 1-2 h there was no recovery. In a few units a transient increase of resting activity was observed immediately after the injection of a drug. After the initial observation period of 1-2 h the responses to movements were tested. They were reduced in all units except one myelinated afferent. Also during this testing period the resting discharges did not recover. Intra-arterial injection of prostaglandin E2 in low doses close to the joint temporarily nullified the depressing effects of aspirin and indomethacin. Resting activity and movement evoked responses were increased up to the level before the treatment with analgesic drugs. The effects of prostaglandin E2 lasted for several minutes to more than 1 h. The depression of resting and evoked activity in single afferent articular units from inflamed joints is discussed in relation to the analgesic properties of aspirin and indomethacin. ER  - 
Assessment of cytotoxic injury to bone marrow; Survival of stem cells determines the subsequent performance of the marrow. The ability of surviving stem cells to self-renew and to differentiate depends upon the survival of the haemopoietic microenvironmental stroma. The numbers of circulating blood cells gives no indication of the severity of damage to, and the recovery potential of, haemopoietic tissues following cytotoxic damage. Complete suppression of blood cell production occurs following relatively low acute doses of radiation and peripheral blood counts can sometimes be maintained in the face of severe damage by chemicals and chronic radiation exposure. Similarly, even studying the cellularity of the marrow gives little or no information on the fundamental damage to the marrow. The reappearance of cell production can, however, be seen somewhat earlier by examining marrow rather than peripheral blood. Even though sufficient stem cells survive cytotoxic therapy for ultimate recovery to be adequate for normal production of functioning cells, nevertheless the recovery may occur too late to prevent death from infection and/or haemorrhage due to prolonged lack of granulocytes and platelets. It may be necessary, therefore, to give supportive therapy (transfusions of whole blood, buffy coat cells or platelets, and antibiotics) to keep the patient alive until endogenous cell production is significantly established. Barrier nursing to reduce the external hazards is also desirable. The damage inflicted upon the stem cells by cytotoxic drugs is not the same for every drug. Similar initial measurable damage to stem cells can be followed by quite different events e.g. length of cellular depression, rate of recovery, extent of recovery etc. At present the sequelae of drug administration can only be assessed by studying each drug individually and none can be predicted. Since the CFU-S clonal assay can be performed only in the mouse some other criteria are required for assessing marrow damage in humans. These can be based upon the measurement of other clonogenic assays of some of the earliest progeny of the stem cell e.g. GM-CFC, CFC-Mix etc. Whilst measuring these is less reliable than measuring stem cells themselves, they are the best available criteria and act as useful practical indicators. ER  - 
Burn therapy 1985: Acute management; Mortality occurs from a burn injury because of infections which result from the metabolic and bacterial consequences of a large open wound, depression of the host's resistance, and both protein and total caloric malnutrition. Systemic antibiotics, topical wound therapy, and gentle wound debridement constitute traditional burn therapy. The systemic antibiotics and topical wound therapy do not solve problems presented by large open wounds and the related protein and caloric deprivation. A more rational approach uses antibiotics and topical wound therapy only as adjuncts to a program of early operative removal or excision of the devitalized, burned tissue and immediate closure of the wound. The excised wound is normally closed with available autograft, but in massive burn injuries, donor skin is insufficient. In these massive injuries, artifical skin can provide that immediate wound closure. As long as devitalized, burned tissue remains present in the setting of depressed host resistance, cross infection tends to colonize those remaining devitalized burn wounds with more virulent organisms than those that were already present. Bacterial controlled nursing units (BCNU) provide strict protection against that cross infection. Though inevitably a catabolic response occurs with massive injury, intensive nutritional support provides the calories necessary for the response to injury to avoid a prolongation of that negative nitrogen balance. ER  - 
Bone marrow depression due to mianserin, phenylbutazone, oxyphenbutazone, and chloramphenicol. Part I; A number of drugs in common use have been associated with an unusually high incidence of bone marrow depression. Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agents are cited particularly often and, of this group, the most toxic are phenylbutazone and its active metabolite oxyphenbutazone. Chloramphenicol is unique among antibiotics in causing a high incidence of aplastic anaemia. Similarly, mianserin is associated with agranulocytosis more commonly than any other antidepressant. The published data on these drugs are reviewed here. ER  - 
Cerebrospinal fluid monoamine and monoamine metabolite levels and the dexamethasone suppression test in depression. Relationship to life events; The cerebrospinal fluid levels of norepinephrine and six monoamine metabolites were measured in 23 patients meeting DSM- III criteria for major depressive episode, 15 of whom also met criteria for melancholia. Life events during the six-month period before the onset of depression were recorded using Paykel's method. There was no difference in Hamilton depression ratings between patients with life events and those without. However, depressed patients who did not have a life event in the six months before the onset of depression had significantly lower levels of the dopamine metabolite homovanillic acid and the serotonin metabolite 5-hydroxyindoleacetic acid than those with life events. The incidence of nonsuppression on the dexamethasone suppression test was also greater in patients with a major depressive episode who did not have an undesirable life event than in those who did. Thus, the presence or absence of life events led to a separation into biologically distinct groups. ER  - 
Efficacy of dantrolene sodium in management of tetanus in children; The effectiveness of dantrolene sodium in controlling tetanic spasms was evaluated in 21 children (aged 4 days-13 years) with tetanus. These dantrolene-treated patients were compared with an historical control group of 26 children previously treated for tetanus by traditional means at the same institution. The groups were comparable in terms of age, other treatments, and severity of disease. All patients received standard treatments for tetanus, including sedatives, antibiotics, and tetanus-immune globulin. Patients in the dantrolene-treated group also received dantrolene, either intravenously (Dantrium® Intravenous) or orally, in divided doses totalling 4-6 mg/kg/day. Mortality was 73% (neonates 83%, non-neonates 50%) in the control group, compared with 33% (neonates 50%, non-neonates 0%) in the dantrolene-treated group. Dantrolene did not cause additional respiratory depression when administered alone or in combination with other drugs routinely used to treat tetanus. In this study, the use of dantrolene with traditional conservative therapy significantly reduced mortality from tetanus. ER  - 
Indomethacin abrogates the suppression by cyclosporin A of lectin-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity to HEp-2 cells; The effects of cyclosporin A, prostaglandin E1 and indomethacin were studied on lectin-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity (LDCC) against adherent HEp-2 human epipharynx carcinoma target cells. LDCC activity by human peripheral blood lymphocytes was evaluated by detachment from the monolayer of [3H]thymidine-prelabelled HEp-2 cells in a 24-h assay at 50:1 effector:target cell ratio in the presence of 25 μg/ml concanavalin A. Under these conditions, but without concanavalin A, considerable natural cell-mediated cytotoxicity was not elicited although LDCC was significantly augmented in the presence of concanavalin A. Addition of both cyclosporin A (0.1, 1.0 or 10 μg/ml) and prostaglandin E1 (10-8, 10-7 or 10-6 M) dose-dependently suppressed LDCC activity. Indomethacin (0.1, 1.0 or 10 μg/ml) did not in itself influence LDCC although suppression of LDCC by cyclosporin A, but not prostaglandin E1, was abrogated in the presence of indomethacin. Similar to indomethacin, acetyl salicylic acid also reversed the inhibition of LDCC by cyclosporin A. In parallel experiments, cyclosporin A elicited a more than two-fold increase of prostaglandin E production under LDCC assay conditions as measured by radioimmunoassay. Contrary to LDCC, depression of concanavalin A induced blastogenesis by cyclosporin A was not influenced by indomethacin, suggesting that the inhibition by cyclosporing A of LDCC and concanavalin A-induced blastogenesis proceed via different mechanisms. ER  - 
Gordon memorial lecture. The biologists' debt to the domestic fowl.; Although it is highly desirable to reduce the need for experiments with animals, in vitro methods cannot entirely supplant them. Observations made in simple systems must be checked in a live subject if they are to be relevant to man or other higher animals. Young growing chicks are very susceptible to vitamin deficiencies. Biological assays in chicks have been used to check the validity of chemical and microbiological methods of measuring vitamins in foods. Experiments with chicks and chick embryos deprived of vitamin B12 have served to predict the likely clinical effects of analogues of the vitamin. The discovery of the growth-promoting properties of dietary antibiotics stimulated research into the influence of the gut microflora on its host. Studies in germ-free and gnotobiotic chicks have implicated Streptococcus faecium as one of the organisms responsible for the growth depression reversed by antibiotics. In general the growth of conventional chicks given adequate diets is slightly less good than that of their germ-free counterparts, although small beneficial effects of the microflora have been observed in special circumstances. The most important function of the indigenous microflora appears to be as a barrier against invasion by pathogens. To sustain this protective barrier may incur a small cost to the host in terms of dietary energy and other nutrients. ER  - 
Contribution of prostaglandins to reperfusion-induced ventricular failure in isolated rat hearts; This study was carried out to investigate the possible contribution of endogenous prostaglandin (PG) production to failure of contractile recovery following reperfusion of hypoperfused isolated rat hearts. A 90% reduction in coronary flow rate for 60 min resulted in a time-dependent depression of contractile force and an elevation in resting tension. Reperfusion produced a slight (~11%) recovery of contractile force, whereas resting tension remained elevated. Reperfusion was a potent stimulus for PG (as assessed by 6 keto-PGF(1α)) release and resulted in levels that were significantly higher than those observed prior to ischemia. When PG synthesis was inhibited by the nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs ibuprofen, indomethacin, or acetylsalicylic acid (ASA), recovery of ventricular contractility on reperfusion was significantly higher than that seen in the absence of drugs. Ibuprofen was the most effective, producing an average recovery of 70% (P<0.05 from control). Indomethacin and ASA produced approximately a 40% (P<0.05) and 35% (P<0.05) recovery of contractile force, respectively. The improved recovery in contractility was significantly depressed by the addition of low concentrations of prostacyclin (PGI2) and PGF(2α), whereas PGE2 and 6 keto-PGF(1α), the hydrolysis product of PGI2, were ineffective. The effects on resting tension were inconsistent. PG release during reperfusion was unrelated either to the length of the initial period of reduced coronary flow or the degree of contractile recovery; it was attenuated either by a reduction in or by an elevation of Ca concentration. These results indicate that endogenous PGs mediate, at least in part, reperfusion-associated failure of ventricular function. ER  - 
Norfloxacin: A quinoline antibiotic; Norfloxacin is a quinoline (quinolinecarboxylic acid) that should prove successful in treating infections that currently require hospitalization and intravenous antibiotics. Although a nalidixic acid derivative, it possesses greater antibacterial activity against gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria. Compared with other antimicrobial agents, norfloxacin is more potent than the aminoglycosides, first-, second-, and third-generation cephalosporins, tetracycline, trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole, carbenicillin, piperacillin, nalidixic acid, oxolinic acid, cinoxacin, and enoxacin. In the clinical studies to date, the side effects of norfloxacin have been minimal, but include nausea, vomiting, anorexia, dizziness, headache, drowsiness, depression, and a bitter taste in the mouth. In studies with more than 4000 patients, the incidence of side effects ranged from 3.9 to 4.7 percent, with most appearing by the second day of therapy. ER  - 
Sarcoplasmic reticulum dysfunction: Phospholipid alterations induced by lysosomal phospholipase C; Previous work has demonstrated that myocardial ischemia results in a breakdown of the excitation-contraction coupling system of cardiac muscle associated with lysosomal activation. It has been hypothesized that lysosomal activation during the course of myocardial ischemia is mediated by the production of oxygen free radicals. We have tested the hypothesis that myocardial ischemia results in the activation of lysosomal phospholipase C and disruption of calcium transport in sarcoplasmic reticulum (SR) mediated by oxygen free radicals. Three groups of dogs were studied: sham-operated controls (n = 6); normothermic global ischemia of 30-min duration (n = 6); and 30 min of normothermic global ischemia pretreated with intracoronary superoxide dismutase (SOD, 10 μg/ml) plus catalase (25 μg/ml). In vitro, isolated SR demonstrated a significant depression of calcium uptake rates and Ca2+-stimulated, Mg2+-dependent ATPase activity at both pH 7.0 and 6.4 with the depression at pH 6.4 > 7.0. This depression of SR function was significantly inhibited in hearts pretreated with SOD plus catalase. In sham-operated controls, acid-induced dysfunction was associated with substantial loss of phospholipid phosphorus and major changes in phospholipid composition. SR contained an extremely active, ion-independent sphingomyelinase-phospholipase C (SM-PLC) that had maximal activity at pH 4.5-5.0. This SM-PLC was activated when control SR was incubated at acid pH and the specific activity of SM-PLC was decreased 50% in SR isolated from normothermic global ischemia. Activity remained at control levels in hearts pretreated with SOD plus catalase. We conclude that in preparations of SR from normal and ischemic myocardium, increased activity results in membrane dysfunction and phospholipid alterations that are mediated by an acid active and probably lysosomal SM-PLC and that these functional and structural alterations can be attenuated by free radical scavengers. ER  - 
Anti-platelet actions of salicylates: In vivo, ex vivo and in vitro effects of choline salicylate; Effects of choline salicylate, sodium salicylate, choline chloride and acetylsalicylic acid on platelet aggregation in vivo, ex vivo and in vitro in mice were studied. These drugs all inhibited adenosine diphosphate (ADP)-induced respiratory depression, which is closely related to platelet aggregation in vivo, with choline salicylate showing the strongest inhibitory effect. Choline salicylate had a tendency to reduce the mortality of animals injected intravenously with endotoxin, but the other drugs had no such effect. The inhibitory effects of these drugs on ADP-induced platelet aggregation ex vivo were in the order of choline salicylate > acetylsalicylic acid ≃ sodium salicylate > choline chloride ≃ no effect, and plasma concentrations of protein-unbound salicylic acid at 1 hr after oral administration of drugs were in the order of choline salicylate > acetylsalicylic acid ≃ sodium salicylate. The in vitro effects of these drugs were in the order of choline salicylate ≃ sodium salicylate > choline chloride ≃ acetylsalicylic acid ≃ no effect. Therefore, it was considered that salicylic acid played an important role in the in vivo, ex vivo and in vitro effects of choline salicylate and that choline increased plasma concentrations of salicylic acid and consequently enhanced the in vivo and ex vivo effects of salicylic acid. Furthermore, ex vivo effects of choline salicylate were found when ADP-induced platelet aggregation was measured with platelet-rich plasma prepared from blood collected with heparin as anti-coagulant, but not when blood was collected with citrate. Thus, the possibility that the anti-platelet actions of salicylic acid may be due to the inhibition of metabolism of extracellular calcium in platelets during ADP-induced aggregation was suggested. ER  - 
Effects of prostaglandin I2 and thromboxane A2 on circulating negative inotropic agents released from acid aspiration pneumonia in dogs; Acid aspiration provokes an inflammatory response that results in the pulmonary sequestration of platelets and leukocytes. These cells are activated and produce thromboxane A2 (TxA2) and prostaglandin I2 (PGI2). This inflammatory response causes significant deterioration of cardiopulmonary function. The purposes of this study are to examine cardiac function after acid aspiration and to clarify the nature of circulating negative inotropic agent(s) affected by PGI2 and TxA2. Aspiration was performed by instillating 3 ml/kg, 0.1 N HCl into the trachea and observing cardiac functions for 4 hours. In untreated animals, cardiac output decreased by 33.6% and 47% 1 and 4 h after acid aspiration, respectively. Plasma from untreated animals could impair ATPase activities of isolated rat myofibrils and succinate dehydrogenase (SDH) of the mitochondria in rat myocardial cells. The same plasma used to bathe a rat papillary muscle depressed developed tension (Tpd). TxB2 concentration of plasma increased after aspiration and was enhanced with PGI2 infusion, but decreased by bolus infusion of ibuprofen. The plasma with a low concentration of TxB2 did not depress myofibril-ATPase activity or Tpd of papillary muscle. The plasma with a high concentration of PGI2 maintained SDH activity of the mitochondria. Depression of cardiac output after aspiration pneumonia was prevented, statistically significantly, by inhibiting TxA2 production and upholding PGI2 concentration in circulating blood. The finding that ibuprofen and PGI2 are involved in modifying the cardiodynamics suggests that prostaglandin and thromboxane secretions mediate the release of circulating negative inotropic agent(s). ER  - 
Biological correlations of suicide and aggressivity in major depressions (with melancholia): 5-Hydroxyindoleacetic acid and cortisol in cerebral spinal fluid, dexamethasone suppression test and therapeutic response to 5-hydroxytryptophan; 5-Hydroxyindoleacetic acid (5-HIAA) and cortisol in cerebrospinal fluid (CSF), response of the dexamethasone suppression test (DST) and the clinical response to treatment with 5-hydroxytryptophan (5-HTp) plus carbidopa were studied in a group of 21 depressed inpatients (major depression with melancholia) in order to correlate biological findings with psychopathologicalones. A positive correlation was found between strong suicidal thoughts, suicidal attempts and self-aggressivity and low concentration of 5-HIAA in CSF and a less significant but still positive correlation with abnormal DST response and with clinical response to the treatment. ER  - 
Potentiation of non-depolarizing muscle relaxants of acetylaminopenicillin. Studies on the example of vecuronium; In a prospective controlled clinical study interactions between nondepolarizing muscle relaxants and acylaminopenicillins were investigated electromyographically. Six patients in each group received either apalcillin, azlocillin, mezlocillin or piperacillin during the operation. Muscle rexalation was maintained using the short acting nondepolarizing relaxant vecuronium, which shows no cumulative effect within clinical dosages. The intra-individual comparison with the control period (100%) showed a significant prolongation of the duration of action after a fixed dose of vecuronium. The mean increase was +26% following apalcillin, +46% after piperacillin, +38% following mezlocillin and +55% following azlocillin. The shortest time of the control periods was 8.6 min and the maximum time was 32.6 min. We also found a significant depression of the EMG-response. No significant differences should be detected between the four antibiotics. The method described here has proven to be sensitive enough to detect clinically relevant interactions with muscle relaxants. As a result of our study, caution seems to be necessary if acylaminopenicillins are administered in the early postoperative period. ER  - 
Pharmacological investigation of the mechanisms of platelet-activating factor induced mortality in the mouse; Although the platelets of the mouse are refractory to the direct effects of platelet-activating-factor (PAF), tail vein injection of 10-50 μg/kg PAF produces lethal anaphylactic shock. Sensitivity varies with strain and source: Swiss Webster mice show a range of sensitivity and DBA/2 (complement C5-deficient) mice are very resistant. At lethal doses of PAF, animals show labored respiration and general depression; death occurs within 15-45 min. Dexamethasone administered at least 1.5 hr prior consistently protects, whereas the cyclooxygenase inhibitors do not. Antihistamines, adrenergic antagonists, and methysergide have no effect, but cyproheptadine is partially protective at near lethal doses. Calcium entry blockers and calcium chelators, tetracycline and chlortetracycline are partially protective at very high doses consistent with non-specific effects on calcium dependent processes. The arachidonic acid lipoxygenase inhibitors BW755c, phenidone, nordihydroguaiaretic acid and diphenyldisulfide provide nearly complete protection after oral administration of 50-200 mg/kg. Phosphodiesterase inhibitors and dapsone are also effective orally. The leukotriene antagonist FPL55712 administered intraperitoneally (10 mg/kg) 5 min. prior to PAF challenge provides almost complete protection. PAF-induced mortality in the mouse represents a small animal model of systemic anaphylaxis particularly useful for the systemic testing of arachidonic acid lipoxygenase inhibitors and leukotriene antagonists. ER  - 
Clinical studies with corticotropin releasing factor: Implications for the diagnosis and pathophysiology of depression, Cushing disease, and adrenal insufficiency; Corticotropin releasing factor (CRF) is a 41 amino acid peptide first isolated from sheep hypothalami and thought to be a principal modulator of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal cortical (HPA) axis. We report herein a series of clinical studies with CRF in healthy volunteers and in patients with abnormalities in HPA function, including depression, Cushing's disease, Cushing's syndrome, and Addison's disease. Our data indicate that CRF can be a diagnostic aid in distinguishing various disorders of the HPA axis from one another, including Cushion's disease from depression and secondary from tertiary adrenal insufficiency. Moreover, the hormone responses to CRF help clarify the pathophysiology of the HP abnormalities in several disorders. For instance, our data indicate that hypercortisolism in Cushing's disease results principally from a defect at the level of the pituitary; in contrast, in depression the defect seems to be hypothalamic, possibly involving hypersecretion of endogenous CRF. This latter possibility is of particular interest in light of clinical observations that depression often can be precipitated by stress. Moreover, data from experimental animals show that CRF may influence several processes known to be altered in the overall symptom complex of depression, including not only pituitary-adrenal function, but also motor activity, appetite regulation and sexual behavior. ER  - 
Dexamethasone increases plasma HVA but not MHPG in normal humans; Several recent studies in animals and man indicate that corticosteroids may alter catecholaminergic activity in both the peripheral and central nervous systems. We administered 1 mg of the synthetic glucocorticoid, dexamethasone, to 12 drug-free healthy volunteers and measured plasma homovanillic acid (HVA) and 3-methoxy-4-hydroxyphenylglycol (MHPG). Dexamethasone was administered at 11 p.m. and blood was collected at 4 p.m. on the preceding and subsequent days. Dexamethasone administration resulted in a significant increase in plasma HVA but did not consistently affect MHPG. All subjects showed a suppression of serum cortisol to values <5 μg/dl while prolactin levels were unaltered. In an additional group of nine volunteers, we administered 2 mg of dexamethasone and observed a similar increase in plasma HVA without change in plasma MHPG, indicating a selective effect on dopamine metabolism. Implications of these findings for an understanding of the neurochemical and behavioral changes seen with steroid administration and in explaining previous results on plasma MHPG/HVA ratios in delusional depression are discussed. ER  - 
Role of reactive oxygen intermediates in the interferon-mediated depression of hepatic drug metabolism and protective effect of N-acetylcysteine in mice; Interferon (IFN) and IFN inducers are known to depress hepatic microsomal cytochrome P-450 levels, and the liver toxicity of IFN was reported to be lethal in newborn mice. We have observed that administration to mice of IFN and IFN inducers caused a marked increase in liver xanthine oxidase activity. Because this enzyme is well known to produce reactive oxygen intermediates and cytochrome P-450 was reported to be sensitive to the oxidative damage, we have tested the hypothesis that a free radical mechanism could mediate the depression of cytochrome P-450 levels by IFN. Administration to mice of the IFN inducer polyinosinic-polycytidylic acid (2 mg/kg i.p.) caused a 29 to 52% decrease in liver cytochrome P-450. Concomitant p.o. administration of the free radical scavenger, N-acetylcysteine (as a 2.5% solution in drinking water), or the xanthine oxidase inhibitor, allopurinol (100 mg/kg), protected against the IFN-mediated depression of P-450 levels. The results suggest that an increased endogenous generation of free radicals, possibly due to the induction of xanthine oxidase, is implicated in the IFN-mediated depression of liver drug metabolism. The relevance of these data also extends to cases in which this side effect is observed in pathological situations (e.g., viral diseases and administration of vaccines) associated with an induction of IFN. ER  - 
Effect of long-term therapy with sulphasalazine, levamisole, corticosteroids and ascorbic acid and of disease activity on polymorphonuclear leukocyte function in patients with ulcerative colitis; Adhesion, random migration and chemotactic migration, phagocytosis, and spontaneous nitroblue tetrazolium-dye reduction (NTB) capacity of polymorphonuclear leukocytes (PMNs) were analysed in 38 patients with ulcerative colitis before and during therapy with sulphasalazine (12 months), corticosteroids (6 months), levamisole (12 months), ascorbic acid (6 months) and suphasalazine plus levamisole (12 months). Remission was achieved by levamisole in as many patients as by sulphasalazine and by sulphasalzine and levamisole used together. Nevertheless, the only function of PMNs affected by levamisole therapy was depression of chemotaxis, whereas other functions as well as chemotaxis were altered by sulphasalazine, whether used alone or in combination with levamisole. Of patients treated with corticosteroids, all were in remission at 6 months and the most marked decrease in chemotaxis was seen. No clinical benefits were observed after 6 months of treatment with ascorbic acid and PMNs function was unaltered. The depression of chemotaxis occurred whether or not remission was achieved, suggesting a direct drug-induced effect. The apparent discrepancies of the 'in vivo' drug effects in comparison with previously reported findings may refelct abnormal reactivity of PMNs in UC. ER  - 
The increase of lipid peroxidation in rat adjuvant arthritis and its inhibition by superoxide dismutase; Adjuvant arthritis was induced in rats by the injection of Mycobacterium tuberculosis, and its severity was scored according to the macroscopic findings of the legs, tail, and ears. The average score so obtained was lower in SOD-injected rats than in the control group. The depression of albumin/globulin ratio was inhibited significantly in rats treated with 10.0 mg/kg of SOD. The levels of acid phosphatase and β-glucuronidase were elevated after the administration of an adjuvant, and these lysosomal enzymes showed a remarkable increase in the control rats, while the elevation was inhibited in rats injected with 10.0 mg/kg of SOD. The levels of TBA-reactive substances in the sera and synovia were elevated at 2 weeks after the injection of adjuvant and decreased thereafter. In rats injected with 5.0 mg/kg or 10.0 mg/kg of SOD, the increase in both serum and synovial levels of TBA reactants was inhibited significantly. These observations suggest that the aggravation of adjuvant arthritis may be beneficial for the treatment of arthritis. ER  - 
The effects of lipids, blood viscosity and platelet aggregation of combined use of niceritrol (Perycit®) and a low dose of acetylsalicylic acid; Forty-six elderly patients (mean age 60 years) suffering from diabetes mellitus (DM), or essential or ateriosclerotic hypertension (HT) were divided into 4 groups. Group 1 served as a control, group 2 was administered 1500 mg niceritrol, group 3 was administered 162 mg acetylsalicylic acid (ASA), and group 4 was administered both 1500 mg niceritrol and 162 mg ASA/day for 8 weeks. Niceritrol lowered serum levels of β-lipoprotein and total cholesterol and increased HDL cholesterol, usually in 8 weeks. ASA did not affect the lipid-lowering effects of niceritrol. Platelet aggregation induced by epinephrine (1 μg/ml), collagen (1 μg/ml), and ADP (2 μM) was depressed in groups 2, 3 and 4. Degrees of depression were higher in groups administered ASA (groups 3 and 4) than in the group administered niceritrol alone (group 2). Plasma fibrinogen levels were lowered in groups administered niceritrol (groups 2 and 4) in 8 weeks. Apparent whole blood viscosity measured at shear rates of 37.6/s and 376/s was improved only in group 4 in 8 weeks, while hematocrit did not change during the study. Because flushing, the most frequent side effect of niceritrol, can be easily controlled by a low dose of ASA, and because the combination of the 2 drugs has some beneficial effects on blood rheology, this combination is considered worthwhile for treatment and prevention of atherosclerosis. ER  - 
Naturally-occurring Tyzzer's disease (Bacillus piliformis infection) in commercial rabbits: a clinical and pathological study.; Tyzzer's disease has been detected in nine unrelated, commercial rabbitries. During the acute stage of the disease, recently weaned rabbits showed profuse watery diarrhoea. Mortality was between 14.2 and 41.2% during the first three weeks of the outbreaks. In surviving animals, there was a chronic evolution with depression, anorexia, loss of weight and sometimes extreme cachexia. Reproduction animals were less badly affected. Multifocal hepatic necrosis, focal myocardial necrosis, patches of mucosal necrosis in ileum, caecum and colon and marked caecal oedema were most prominent at autopsy. In histological sections of the liver, bundles of slightly Gram-negative and Giemsa-, PAS- and silver-positive rod-shaped bacilli were established in apparently viable hepatocytes bordering foci of necrosis. They were also present in myocytes around necrotic foci in the heart and in enterocytes and smooth muscle cells of the muscularis mucosae of the intestinal mucosa. Transmission electron microscopy showed that these organisms had a similar ultrastructure as Bacillus piliformis. Most antibiotics used failed to combat the disease. Only oxytetracycline was active. ER  - 
A retrospective study of treatment of orbital floor fractures with the maxillary sinus approach; The Cook County Hospital, Chicago, Illinois, protocol for the management of orbital fractures is presented. Diplopia which fails to resolve in 1 week or appears after oedema subsides, enophthalmos or radiographic depression of the orbital floor, associated tripod fracture deformity, or purulent maxillar sinusitis are indications for surgery. The surgical procedure is a modification of the maxillary sinus approach, which includes the use of iodoform gauze packing, nasal antrostomy, a double layer oral closure and prophylactic antibiotics. A review of 102 patients treated surgically over a 6-year period is presented. Post-operative diplopia was 9% and there were minor complications in 3%, which were significantly lower than previously reported series of orbital fractures treated either non-operatively, or through an orbital exploration approach. No patient treated non-operatively required surgery in the future. The protocol presented can eliminate unnecessary exploration and yields excellent results with a simple surgical procedure. ER  - 
Antibiotic depression of evoked and spontaneous responses of opossum distal colonic muscularis mucosae in vitro: A factor in antibiotic-associated colitis?; Certain antibiotics depress both skeletal neuromuscular transmission and intestinal neuroeffector transmission. Impaired intestinal motility may facilitate the proliferation of the bacterium Clostridium difficile and thus lead to the development of antibiotic-associated pseudomembranous colitis. Many antibiotics accumulate in the colonic lumen at concentrations several times their associated blood levels. This study examined whether certain of these could interfere with colonic muscularis mucosal movement in vitro, using tissue from opossum distal colon as a model. At concentrations approximating those in the colonic lumen, ampicillin, clindamycin, erythromycin, and lincomycin depressed tone and spontaneous contractions of the muscularis mucosae. Clindamycin, gentamicin, kanamycin, and lincomycin abolished electrically evoked contractions but only gentamicin and kanamycin could abolish the ensuing relaxation. Vancomycin potentiated the response of the muscularis mucosae to acetylcholine; erythromycin and clindamycin depressed it. Antibiotic-induced depression of colonic muscularis mucosal movement may contribute to the development of antibiotic-associated pseudomembranous colitis. ER  - 
Toxic properties of arachidonic acid on normal, ischemic and reperfused hearts. Indirect evidence for free radical involvement; We studied the effect of arachidonic acid on function and CPK release of normal, ischemic and reperfused isolated rat hearts. Under control conditions arachidonate (10 μg/ml) produced a transient inotropic effect when gradually reversed during a 90 minute perfusion. Creatinephosphokinase (CPK) release was augmented by arachidonic acid, particularly under high flow (pre-ischemia and reperfusion) conditions. Recovery of contractility following reperfusion of ischemic myocardium was significantly depressed by arachidonic acid. Vitamin E (100 ng/ml) an antioxidant and free radical scavenger, reduced the enzyme leakage and enhanced recovery of contractility of reperfused myocardium. It also pervented the depression in contractility during control perfusion. Similar protective effects were observed by perfusing the heart with reduced calcium but not by nifedipine; a calcium channel blocker, indomethacin; a prostaglandin synthesis inhibitor or nordihydroguarietic acid; a lipoxygenase inhibitor. Arachidonic acid also inhibited membrane Na+/K+-ATPase although it is unlikely that this property mediated its cardiotoxic influence since it was not prevented by vitamin E. In addition, we observed that arachidonic acid increased the coronary resistance of isolated hearts, probably through enhanced calcium influx as this constriction was reduced by low calcium as well as by nifedipine. Thus, arachidonic acid possesses distinct properties. Its cardiotoxic influence is likely mediated by free radical generation. ER  - 
Cardiac, coronary and peripheral vascular effects of acetyl glyceryl ether phosphoryl choline in the anesthetized dog; Acetyl glyceryl ether phosphoryl choline (AGEPC) is a potent vasodilator, platelet activator and inflammatory agent. The cardiac and peripheral vascular effects of AGEPC were assessed in anesthetized dogs in order to gain additional insight into the mechanism of action of this lipid. Injection of AGEPC (0.1-3.2 μg) directly into the femoral vasculature produced a dose-related vasodilation in the innervated and sympathetically denervated hindlimb. Vasodilator responses in the denervated limb, which indicates that the response is not due to inhibition of sympathetic vasoconstrictor tone. Vasodilator responses to AGEPC (1 μg) were not significantly affected by theophylline (5 mg/kg), indomethacin (5 mg/kg) or BW755C (10 mg/kg), which implies that the effect is independent of purinergic P1 receptors, cyclooxygenase products and lipoxygenase products. Intracoronary injection of AGEPC (0.032-3.2 μg) reduced blood pressure, myocardial contractile force and coronary blood flow in a dose-related manner. Coronary vascular resistance was unchanged. In contrast, intracoronary injection of another activator of platelets, ADP (10 μg), increased blood flow. Responses of blood pressure, heart rate, contractile force and coronary flow to AGEPC were not affected by bilateral vagotomy or hexamethonium, which indicates that they are independent of reflexive mechanisms. Indomethacin attenuated the hypotension and coronary flow reductions to AGEPC. BW755C reduced the hypotensive response. Mechanical reduction of coronary flow by 30 to 40% did not affect blood pressure, heart rate or contractile force, which suggests that AGEPC-induced changes are not secondary to flow reduction. The data suggest that AGEPC produces direct myocardial depression and distinct effects on the coronary and femoral vasculatures. The peripheral vascular effects are independent of the autonomic nervous system, purinergic mechanisms and arachidonic acid metabolites, whereas some coronary effects may be mediated through metabolites of arachidonic acid. ER  - 
Reduction in cerebral arteriolar oxygen consumption by arachidonate; The oxygen consumption of cerebral arterioles from anesthetized cats was measured using the Cartesian diver microrespirometer following in vitro incubation with 200 μg/ml of arachidonate or 50 μ/ml of 15-hydroperoxy-eicosatetraenoic acid (15-HPETE). Both agents depressed oxygen consumption severely. This effect was inhibited completely by a combination of superoxide dismutase (SOD) and catalase, indicating that it is mediated by oxygen radicals. Similar depression of oxygen consumption was observed during incubation of the vessels with xanthine oxidase and acetaldehyde as substrate. This enzymic system is known to generate superoxide and hydrogen peroxide. The effect of xanthine oxidase was also partially inhibited by SOD and catalase. The effect of arachidonate was partially inhibited by cyclooxygenase inhibitors. The effect of lipoxygenase inhibitors could not be adequately tested because they depressed oxygen consumption by themselves. Prostaglandins H2 and E2 had no effect on arteriolar oxygen consumption. The results show that arachidonate and 15-HPETE in high concentration depress cerebral arteriolar oxygen consumption via an oxygen radical-mediated mechanism. Furthermore, the radical is generated in the vessel wall and does not require either the brain parenchyma or the formed elements of the blood or the meninges for its production. ER  - 
Calcium-ionophore stimulated release of leukotriene C4-like immunoreactive material from cardiac tissue; Administration of leukotrienes to cardiac tissue produces contractile depression and coronary artery constriction [5,8], thus making it possible that these substances mediate cardiac dysfunction under pathologic conditions. Up to now no studies have been performed to determine whether cardiac tissue has the inherent ability to produce leukotrienes. The present study was therefore carried out to ascertain whether isolated hearts perfused with saline buffer devoid of any blood constituents can produce leukotrienes under a variety of pharmacologic and pathologic situations. No leukotriene (LT) C4 was detected under control conditions or from hearts subjected to global ischemia and reperfusion or hypoxia and reoxygenation. A23187, a Ca2+ ionophore markedly stimulated LTC4 release. This effect was prevented by nordihydroguaiaretic acid, a selective lipoxygenase inhibitor. The addition of arachidonate as substrate had no effect on LTC4 release. In an attempt to divert arachidonate to LTC4 production, indomethacin, a cyclo-oxygenase inhibitor was added before arachidonate. No LTC4-like immunoreactivity was found in these experiments. These studies suggest that a lipoxygenase pathway for leukotriene production is present either in the coronary vasculature or myocardium. It was stimulated only by Ca2+ ionophore, probably indicating a requirement for high amounts of intracellular Ca2+. ER  - 
Antimicrobial agents and host defence; Reports from different laboratories on effects of different antibiotics on host defence are often hard to compare because of differences in experimental design. The purpose of this presentation was to describe the effect of many different antibiotics with the same standardized techniques. E. coli and S. aureus pre-exposed to different beta-lactam antibiotics or gentamicin in subinhibitory concentrations were more susceptible to phagocytosis and killing by granulocytes than non-treated bacteria. A markedly depressed chemotaxis was detected when human leucocytes were incubated with fusidic acid and rifampicin in clinically obtainable concentration and well absorbed tetracyclines at high concentrations. The incorporation of 14C-leucine into a trichloracetic-acid insoluble form by human neutrophils was markedly depressed by the same antibiotics. Many other antibiotics did not inhibit granulocyte or lymphocyte functions. At therapeutic concentrations fusidic acid and rifampicin had a pronounced inhibition effect on the incorporation of 3H-thymidine by human T-lymphocytes stimulated by PHA and B-lymphocytes by S. aureus, Cowan I. At concentrations above the therapeutic level, inhibition was detected for doxycycline, erythromycin, clindamycin and nitrofurantoin. Due to high albumin binding for some of the tested antibiotics and other factors involved, experiments were performed to test whether depression also takes place in vivo. The cellular immunity in mice was registered by monitoring the survival of transplanted heart grafts. Rifampicin at human therapeutic dose had a strong inhibiting effect (p < 0.001) on the rejection of heart grafts. The effects of doxycycline (2.5 mg/kg/day) and fusidic acid (25 mg/kg/day) was slight but significant (p < 0.02). ER  - 
Interaction of aminoglycoside antibiotics with H2-receptor blocking agents at the neuromuscular junctions; This study showed that none of the aminoglycoside antibiotics lacked neuromuscular blocking activity. The neuromuscular blockade produced by all members of this antibiotic group can only be reversed by calcium chloride. It was also shown that the H2-receptor blocking agent cimetidine (3 mmol.l-1) produced a complete neuromuscular blockade in the isolated phrenic nerve-hemidiaphragm preparation of the rat. On the other hand ranitidine (0.5-1.5 mmol.l-1), another H2-receptor blocking agent, did not exhibit any neuromuscular blocking activity. This agent (0.7 mmol.l-1) seems to have an anticholinesterase activity at the neuromuscular junctions. The neuromuscular blockade produced by cimetidine has the same characteristics as that of aminoglycoside antibiotics and differs from that of non-depolarizing muscle relaxant agents in that it is not reversed by anticholinesterase drugs such as neostigmine. This blockade, as in the case of aminoglycoside antibiotics, is only reversed by calcium chloride (1 mmol.l-1). Moreover, aminoglycoside antibiotics and cimetidine are potentially capable of interacting and produced a complete neuromuscular blockade at concentrations significantly reduced (to one tenth or to one twentieth of the individual concentrations). The mechanism by which aminoglycoside antibiotics and cimetidine produce neuromuscular blockade must be the same. All the findings lead to the assumption that both aminoglycoside antibiotics and cimetidine are involved in the process of acetylcholine release by nerve impulses, antagonizing calcium ions. The interaction of aminoglycoside antibiotics and cimetidine is of clinical significance because both classes of drugs are widely used during the perioperative period and may lead to respiratory depression or prolonged apnoea in patients. ER  - 
Myocardial lipid peroxidation during isoproterenol-induced blood flow reduction in rat myocardium; The injection of 50 mg/kg isoproterenol into rats induced a temporary initial myocardial ischemia characterized by myocardial blood flow decrease, anaerobic glycolysis, hypoxia, and energy depression. Simultaneously, the free fatty acid content increased, and the content of free arachidonic acid, conjugated dienes, and lipid soluble fluorescence was reduced in the myocardium. The initial alterations could not be affected by α-tocopherol pretreatment. The application of acetylsalicylic acid prevented the fluorescence loss and diminished thiobarbituric acid reactivity. Under the experimental conditions intensified nonenzymatic lipid peroxidation cannot be demonstrated in the isoproterenol-induced acute ischemic myocardium. The assumption of a pathogenic role of myocardial free fatty acid accumulation is supported. ER  - 
Inhibitory effects of the selective thromboxane receptor antagonist BM 13.177 on platelet aggregation, vasoconstriction and sudden death; BM 13.177 (0.1-100 μM) produced a concentration-dependent reduction of the platelet shape change, aggregation and (3H)serotonin release induced by the stable PGH2, analogues U 46619 and U 44069 or exogenous and endogenous arachidonic acid, the latter mobilized by hydrogen peroxide or collagen. BM 13.177 (100 μM) did not inhibit the primary platelet activation by ADP, serotonin, thrombin or collagen in washed platelets or citrated PRP that had been pre-treated with ASA (acetylsalicylic acid). The formation of TXB2 triggered by 100 μM hydrogen peroxide or 10 μM arachidonic acid was not influenced by BM 13.177 (10 μM). In spiral strips of rat and rabbit aorta, BM 13.177 markedly reduced the vasoconstriction triggered by U 46619 and PGF(2α). BM 13.177 did not inhibit the K+- or noradrenaline-induced constriction. The concentration/response curves of the U 46619-stimulated platelet shape change and of the vasoconstriction induced by U 46619 and PGF(2α) were shifted in parallel to the right by BM 13.177, implicating a competitive antagonism. The pA(x) values were about the same in these models which indicates that BM 13.177 does not differentiate between the thromboxane receptors in human platelets and rabbit aorta. In mice, BM 13.177 prevented in a dose-dependent fashion the sudden death and the symptoms of respiratory depression and shock induced by i.v. injections of U 46619 or arachidonic acid. BM 13.177 did not exert partial agonist activity in the in vitro and in the animal models. In man, repeated intake of oral doses of 800 mg BM 13.177 in 8-hour intervals was tolerated without objective or subjective side effects. After a single dose of 800 mg BM 13.177, the inhibitory effect on the ex vivo platelet activation via the thromboxane receptor lasted for 6-8 hours. ER  - 
Methadone poisoning due to accidental contamination of prescribed medication; Two infants presented with fever and signs of brainstem dysfunction, including impaired consciousness, miosis, absence of oculocephalic responses, respiratory depression and a very peculiar tremor of the tongue and floor of the mouth. They were found to have methadone poisoning caused by accidental contamination of prescribed antibiotics in the same pharmacy, which was a dispensing centre for a methadone maintenance program. They recovered with supportive treatment only. ER  - 
Drug overdose during pregnancy: An overview from a metropolitan poison control center; Suicide attempts during pregnancy usually present as intentional drug overdoses after interpersonal conflicts. During a recent four-year period, 119 (0.07%) of all 179,893 telephone inquiries at a metropolitan poison control center involved drug overdoses by 111 pregnant women. This was usually the first such attempt and telephone notification occurred primarily within the first hour. The ingested substance was known in 109 (98%) cases and consisted mostly of an excess of a single drug. The 50 different types of over-the-counter and prescription medications consisted primarily of analgesics (most notably acetaminophen), vitamins or iron, sedatives, antibiotics, and antihistamines or decongestants. No maternal deaths were reported. Signs or symptoms were nonexistent or mild in 61 (55%) women, and major or life-threatening in 50 (45%) women. Compliance with recommendations given by telephone and referral to the primary physician or emergency room was good, especially when major symptoms of life-threatening illnesses were apparent. Close emotional support and a search for depression during pregnancy and the postpartum period are recommended. ER  - 
Pharmacological studies of mabuterol, a new selective β2-stimulant. III: Effects on the central nervous system, striated muscle and carbohydrate and lipid metabolism; Effects of dl-1-(4-amino-3-chloro-5-trifluoromethyl-phenyl)-2-tert.-butylamino-ethano l hydrochloride (mabuterol) on the central nervous system, striated muscle and carbohydrate and lipid metabolism were investigated in comparison with those of isoprenaline and salbutamol. Mabuterol caused the following changes in behavior: increased touch response (10 mg/kg p.o.) and decreased spontaneous movement and ptosis (30 and 100 mg/kg p.o., resp.), observed for 240-300 min. Mabuterol (5 mg/kg p.o. and 2.5 mg/kg s.c.) prolonged the sleeping time induced by hexobarbital Na, but not dose-dependently. Mabuterol depressed reactive movement at 80 mg/kg p.o. and 40 mg/kg s.c. in the rotarod test, at 160 mg/kg p.o. and 40 mg/kg s.c. in the traction test and at 200 mg/kg p.o. and 160 mg/kg s.c. in the inclined plane test in mice, whereas isoprenaline and salbutamol were almost ineffective. Analgesic activity of mabuterol was found in the acetic acid writhing test but not in the bradykinin-induced nociception test. An anticonvulsant effect was not observed. Malbuterol (100 mg/kg i.v.) produced a change in the spontaneous EEG of one of three rabbits, showing synchronization of cortical activity with sedation. Equipotent dose (i.v.) ratios of mabuterol to isoprenaline were 10.2, 30 and 133 in the depression of incomplete tetanic contraction of cat soleus muscle, hypotensive effect and tachycardia, respectively, whereas neither indirect nor direct electrical stimulation induced contraction of diaphragm and gastrocnemius muscle was affected. Equipotent dose (s.c.) ratios of mabuterol to isoprenaline were 2.07, 4.64 and 3.21 in increasing plasma levels of glucose, lactic acid and fire fatty acids, respectively. Mabuterol caused no remarkable change in myocardial glycogen content. ER  - 
Tolerable and unwanted side effects of antibiotic therapy; Frequently side effects of drugs are the reason for hospital admission. According to various studies 8-35% of drugs have side effects, which may be more acceptable in the context of serious disease than milder illnesses or situations where drugs are not really necessary. Side effects are seen independently of dosage, often with dosages too low to be effective. Since antibiotic therapy is widely used in children side effects are often seen. There are allergic or immunoreactive reactions of the immediate and delayed type, metabolic and neural or neurohormonal disturbances, built-up of resistant organisms or selection of unusual bacteria, finally there is local damage due to the technique of application here not discussed in detail. The antibiotics are classified according to the type and frequency of side effects. Cephalosporine and Penicillin - allergic and neurotoxic reactions. Tetracycline - chelating agent, photosensitivity. Chloramphenicol - bone marrow depression. Aminoglycoside - oto- and nephrotoxicity. Macrolid antibiotics e.g. streptomycin - cholostasis. Lincomycin - enterocolitis. Sulfonamides - allergic reactions. How compliance with consequent irregularity of drug intake frequently causes ineffectiveness of therapy, the most common side effect. ER  - 
Steroid effects on uveal transport; Hydrocortisone (10-4 M) causes a significant depression of cholic acid accumulation by the isolated rabbit ciliary body-iris while causing little, if any, depression of p-aminohippuric acid uptake and not affecting α-aminoisobutyric acid uptake. Because no lag period is present for this inhibition and because cyclohexamide pretreatment fails to eliminate it,the hydrocortisone effect does not appear to be mediated by a protein synthesis mechanism. Deoxycorticosterone (10-4 M) not only inhibits cholic acid uptake but also depresses p-aminohippuric acid uptake; no deoxycorticosterone effect on α-aminoisobutyric acid uptake is seen. ER  - 
Effects of fenflumizole on aggregation ex vivo of human platelets and formation of thromboxane B2 and 6-keto-prostaglandin-F(1α); Fenflumizole (2-(2,4-difluorophenyl)-4,5-bis(4-methoxyphenyl)imidazole), a new non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, was given to healthy subjects in single oral doses of 0.1, 1 and 2 mg/kg. The effect of the drug was followed for up to 8 h by repeated tests of arachidonic acid-induced platelet aggregation and was related to its concomitant plasma concentration. Fenflumizole reversibly inhibited platelet aggregation and the degree of inhibition was found to be linearly correlated with the log plasma concentration. There was depression of the formation of thromboxane B2 and 6-keto-prostaglandin F(1α) (the stable metabolites of thromboxane A2 and prostacyclin) in clotted whole blood measured by radioimmunoassay after fenflumizole 1 mg/kg. This effect was directly related to the concentration of the drug in plasma, the maximum effect being reached at fenflumizole concentrations > 200 ng/ml. EC50-values for inhibition of the formation of thromboxane B2 and 6-keto-prostaglandin F(1α) were approximately 20 and 40 ng/ml, respectively. The results suggest that orally administered fenflumizole is a potent inhibitor of platelet aggregation and prostanoid formation. ER  - 
Use of whole blood lymphocyte stimulation test for immunocompetency studies in bald eagles, red-tailed hawks, and great horned owls.; Mitogen-induced whole blood lymphocyte stimulation tests for immunocompetency studies in bald eagles (Haliaeetus leucocephalus), red-tailed hawks (Buteo jamaicensis), and great horned owls (Bubo virginianus) were developed. Combinations of incubation times, blood dilutions, concentrations of [3H]thymidine and [125I]2-deoxyuridine, antibiotics, phytohemagglutinin-P, and concanavalin A were tested for their effects on the stimulation index (SI). An antibiotic combination of gentamicin plus amphotericin B yielded low SI with lymphocytes from bald eagles, but not with lymphocytes from great horned owls or red-tailed hawks. Penicillin plus streptomycin caused no such depression of SI. Lymphocytes from all 3 species yielded maximum responses with a 48-hour prelabel and 12- to- 16 hour postlabel incubation period at 41 C and 1:20 blood dilution. Optimal mitogen concentrations for lymphocytes from bald eagles, red-tailed hawks, and great horned owls were 25 micrograms, 10 micrograms, and 10 micrograms of phytohemagglutinin-P/well, respectively, and 2.5 micrograms, 10 micrograms, and 10 micrograms of concanavalin A/well, respectively. Differences in SI were not seen between the 2 radioactive labels. The optimal concentration of the [3H]thymidine label ranged from 0.06 to 0.125 microCi/well. ER  - 
Biochemical pharmacology of the lipophilic antifolate, trimetrexate.; Trimetrexate is a novel lipophilic folate antagonist that causes growth inhibition, inhibition of nucleic acid biosynthesis, and cytotoxicity at nanomolar concentrations in tissue cultures. The potency of trimetrexate cytotoxicity against most cell lines is greater than that of methotrexate. Trimetrexate has antitumor activity in vivo in several murine leukemia and solid tumor systems, including tumors in which methotrexate is inactive. Antitumor activity was seen following oral, intravenous, or intraperitoneal administration. Trimetrexate causes a pronounced and early depression in incorporation of deoxyuridine into DNA. In tumor cell lines resistant to methotrexate because of a drug transport defect, trimetrexate retains activity. In many such cases the methotrexate-resistant tumors show collateral sensitivity to trimetrexate. In methotrexate-resistant cells with impaired drug transport, trimetrexate sensitivity was even more pronounced when cells were grown in folate-free medium supplemented with physiological levels of tetrahydrofolate cofactor. In the human tumor stem cell colony assay, trimetrexate, at concentrations achievable in vivo, gave activity against many human tumors, including samples that were unresponsive to methotrexate. Trimetrexate crosses the blood-brain barrier, and at very high doses may cause neurotoxicity. At conventional doses the primary toxic effects in mice are gastrointestinal. This toxicity is reversible at therapeutic doses. Unlike earlier lipophilic antifolates, trimetrexate has rapid plasma clearance (t1/2 in mice of 45 minutes). Trimetrexate is a tight-binding competitive inhibitor of dihydrofolate reductase. The Ki,slope for inhibition of the human enzyme was 4 X 10(-11) M. A dose-dependent decrease in cellular purine ribonucleotide pools is given by trimetrexate. Pyrimidine ribonucleotide pools tend to increase in treated cells. Trimetrexate caused a marked depression of cellular pools of dTTP and dGTP, and a lesser depression in dATP. Cytotoxicity of trimetrexate in vitro was prevented by leucovorin. Leucovorin also protected mice from trimetrexate toxicity. Thymidine protected cells from lethal effects of low concentrations of trimetrexate, but not from high concentrations. The combination of thymidine and hypoxanthine completely protected cells from low and high concentrations of trimetrexate. A new, stable and highly water-soluble formulation of trimetrexate has been developed. Because of the interesting biochemical and pharmacological properties of trimetrexate, and its experimental antitumor activity, clinical trials are planned. ER  - 
Sex hormones and the motility of and prostaglandin output from, uterine horns of immature rats; The effects of injecting estradiol, progesterone or both hormones, to immature rats, on the spontaneous contractions of isolated uterine horns and on prostaglandin (PG) E and F-like materials released into the bathing medium, were studied. The in vitro contractile decrement detected both in controls as well as in the group receiving progesterone (P4) alone, was only minor. On the other hand, preparations from rats treated with 17-beta-estradiol (E2) exhibited a significant and progressive reduction of spontaneous motility. Coincident with these smaller contractions a significant diminution of PGE-output accompanied by an enhancement of the release of PGF-like material into the suspending solution, were found. The initial (postisolation) isometric developed tension (IDT) of uterine preparations from immature rats injected with sex hormones was significantly higher than that of tissues from untreated control animals. Neither the initial contractile frequency (CF) nor its constancy changed following hormonal treatment (E2 or P4), except in the case of uterine from animals administered with P4, which showed a smaller decrement of CF than controls. Furthermore, tissue preparations obtained from animals injected with P4 released into the bathing media similar amounts of - PGE-like material as controls, but significantly more PGF. It is interesting that the injection of E2 plus P4 increased the output of PGF-like material but did not modify that of PGE i.e., the depressive effect of estradiol on the release of PGE into the bathing media was abolished by the administration of P4. On the other hand, the addition of indomethacin or acetylsalicylic acid to the bath solution reduced significantly contractions of uterine horns isolated from immature animals. The foregoing results, supporting our previous findings on the effect of P4 on PGF release from the rat uterus, are in keeping with the hypothesis holding that better spontaneous motility correlates well with a greater release of PGE and that E2 injection coincides with a depression of both PGE output and myometrial contractions. ER  - 
Effects of a selective thromboxane synthetase inhibitor, dazoxiben, and of acetylsalicylic acid on myocardial ischemia in patients with coronary artery disease; Thromboxane A2 (TxA2) may aggravate myocardial ischemia by inducing vasoconstriction and platelet aggregation in small coronary vessels, whereas prostacyclin (PGI2) counteracts these effects. Acetylsalicylic acid (ASA) inhibits the formation of TxA2 as well as PGI2, whereas dazoxiben, a thromboxane synthetase inhibitor, reduces TxA2 formation selectively. In 25 patients with coronary artery disease, 2 identical atrial pacing stress tests were performed: before and after the administration of dazoxiben (200 mg) in 15 patients and before and after ASA (250 mg) in 10. The ischemic response, quantified by coronary sinus and aortic lactate levels and by ST depression, was significantly reduced after administration of dazoxiben (p <0.02) but not after ASA. Heart rate at rest, myocardial extraction of free fatty acids and the arteriovenous oxygen difference were unaffected by medication. Both drugs reduced TxB2 levels to the same extent, whereas collagen-induced aggregation was more reduced after ASA than after dazoxiben. The effect of dazoxiben on ischemia was probably a result of inhibited TxA2 and preserved PGI2 production, which increased blood flow to ischemic regions. ER  - 
Respiratory and prostaglandin biosynthesis inhibitory profiles of some analgesic agents; The inhibitory profiles on respiratory rate, visceral pain (chemically induced abdominal constrictions) and prostaglandin (PG) biosynthesis of the peripherally acting analgesics aspirin, paracetamol and mefenamic acid were compared with those of the opiates dextropropoxyphene and dihydrocodeine. There was a good correlation between analgesia and PG inhibition for the peripherally acting agents. Both mefenamic acid and aspirin also possessed low properties towards depression of respiratory rate and it was concluded that they had most beneficial profiles compared with the other agents. ER  - 
Depression of glucuronyltransferase activity by glucocorticoids in adult female mice.; Three experiments were conducted to examine the effect of glucocorticoids on glucuronidation in the adult female mouse. In the first experiment, four mice served as controls, while four other mice were each given 80 micrograms triamcinolone acetonide (TA) at 39, 25, 15 and 1 h before they were killed. Liver homogenates from all animals were assayed for activity of uridine diphospho-glucuronyltransferase (UDP-GT). The mean enzymatic activity was 115 and 58 nmol of rho-nitrophenol conjugated to glucuronic acid X h-1 X mg of hepatic protein-1 for control and TA-treated mice, respectively (P less than .01). In Exp. 2, 48 mice were divided randomly into 12 groups, with four groups of controls, and four each treated with either 100 micrograms TA or 100 micrograms dexamethasone (DEX) at -4 and 0 h. All of the mice were given 2.5 mmol phenolphthalein (P) at 0 h. The excretion of free P was similar for all groups: however, mice treated with TA or DEX excreted significantly less P-glucuronide and mice treated with TA excreted significantly less P-sulfate than did the controls. In the third experiment, 30 mice each served as controls or were treated with 80 micrograms TA or 500 micrograms metyrapone (M) at -4 and 0 h. Also at 0 h, animals were given .12, .15, .19, .24 or .29 mg rho-cresol/g of body weight. The LD50 of rho-cresol for the control, TA- and M-treated groups were .19, .15 and .24 mg of rho-cresol/g of body weight.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS) ER  - 
The effect of BM 12.531 (azimexon) on natural killer cell activity in myeloma patients; The 2-cyanaziridin derivative, azimexon (E), has previously been shown to have certain immunomodulatory properties. In particular, the induction of leukocytosis, the stimulation of delayed-type hypersensitivity reactions and the synergistic effect of azimexon and antibiotics in the control of lethal bacterial and fungal infections in mice prompted us to test azimexon as an adjuvant to chemotherapy in 14 myeloma patients. In a randomized double-blind cross-over study 3 x 600 mg of azimexon were added to one of two consecutive, identical chemotherapy courses consisting of melphalon-prednisone (MP) or vincristine/cyclophosphamide/melphalan/prednisone (VCMP). Chemotherapy was given during days 1-4 and azimexon or placebo were added on days 6, 10 and 14. Blood counts and natural killer (NK) cell testing were performed on days 0 and 21 of each course. With the exception of a transient taste irritation in two patients, azimexon caused no subjective side-effects. White blood cell counts were not altered by the drug; red blood cells and hemoglobin showed a borderline depression after azimexon. NK activities measured against three target cell lines (K562, IGR3, L1210) tended to increase after azimexon treatment. When added in vitro to NK assays azimexon caused a slight increase of NK activity at concentrations of 0.01-0.25 μ/ml, whereas concentrations above 1 μg/ml were inhibitory. The increase of NK activity by azimexon was not due to the induction of interferon in the effector lymphocyte population. ER  - 
Strategies for the drug treatment of depression; Antidepressants are a useful addition to a physician's therapeutic armamentarium, but because they are used to treat disorders of diverse and largely unknown cause, there is a much greater element of chance associated with their use than with the use of many other types of drugs (e.g., antibiotics and analgesics). Nevertheless, empirically derived treatment schemes, applied systematically, increase the odds of a favourable response and are preferred to haphazard prescribing. To date, no one antidepressant has been shown to be more effective than any other, although the newer agents are alleged to be faster acting, more specific and less toxic than the established drugs. However, generally, such claims have not been proven clinically. Unless there are overwhelming contraindications (e.g., intolerable side effects, an idiosyncratic response or coexisting cardiac disease) the established agents, with their proven efficacy, are preferred initially. ER  - 
Autologous and allogeneic mixed-lymphocyte responses following thermal injury in man: The immunomodulatory effects of interleukin 1, interleukin 2, and a prostaglandin inhibitor, WY-1825; A group of 30 burn patients with 36-87% total body surface area (TBSA) burns was studied at 24-48 hr postburn. These included studies of 1) autologous and allogeneic mixed-lymphocyte reactions (MLR); 2) the immunoregulatory influence of mitomycin C-treated T cells, non-T cells, and unfractionated peripheral blood lymphocytes (PBL) on allogeneic MLR; and 3) correlation between the proportions of T-cell subsets defined with monoclonal antibodies (OKT4 and OKT8) and autologous MLR. Studies concerning adherent cell production of thromboxane, prostaglandin E2, and prostaglandin F(2a) and the immunomodulatory effects of Interleukin 1 (IL-1), Interleukin 2 (IL-2), and a prostaglandin inhibitor, WY-18251, on autologous MLR are presented. The autologous mixed-lymphocyte reaction was depressed in 60% of the burn patients tested. This depressed response correlated closely to the extent of third-degree injury (P < 0.025) and to TBSA injury >60% (P < 0.025). A linear correlation was observed between the depression in autologous MLR and a decrease in both the percentage of OKT4 + T cells and the OKT4 +/OKT8 + ratio. The response of T cells from burn patients in allogeneic MLR was normal. Age, sex, TBSA of the burn, and size of second-degree burn did not correlate with the abnormalities observed in MLR. Mitomycin C-treated mononuclear cells, purified T cells, or non-T cells from burned patients did not demonstrate any suppressive influence on MLR in normals. Monocyte number and arachidonic acid metabolism were investigated. In addition to increased numbers of monocytes following thermal injury, adherent cells produced increased quantities of thromboxane, prostaglandin E2, and prstaglandin F(2a). The effects of Interleukin 1, Interleukin 2, and a prostaglandin inhibitor. WY-18251, were studied in autologous MLR (AMLR) of burned and normal patients. Interleukin 1 and WY-18251 did not induce any significant changes in proliferation in burned patients or normal controls. When compared to cultures without exogenous IL-2, an increase in AMLR was observed following the addition of IL-2 to burn patient cultures at Day 6 and Day 7 of culture. Although the addition of IL-2 did increase proliferation in AMLR of normal controls at Day 6 and Day 7, the enhancement observed for the burn patient cultures represented a restoration to the level of normal control cultures without IL-2. A dose-dependent increase in AMLR was observed in T cells isolated from normal and burned patients in the presence of purified Interleukin 2. These data suggest that burn-induced cell-mediated immunological alterations may be caused by an imbalance between regulatory T-cell subsets characterized by a decrease in helper inducer (OKT4 +) cell number and a deficiency in the production of Interleukin 2. Burn patients appear to express the receptor for IL-2 and do not appear to be sensitive to modulation by prostaglandin inhibitors. ER  - 
Prostaglandin E2-mediated suppression of cellular immunity in colon cancer patients; The immune regulation of phytohemagglutinin (PHA) and concanavalin A (Con A) mitogen responses by prostaglandin (PG)-producing suppressor monocytes was examined in 57 patients with colorectal cancer and 55 normal individuals. The blood lymphocyte responses to either PHA or Con A were significantly depressed in 74% of patients compared to normal controls. The mean PHA response for the patients was significantly lower than that for controls (17,649 versus 25,549 cpm, P = 0.02), while the mean Con A response for the patients was also depressed but not as significantly (13,551 versus 18,623 cpm, P = 0.09). The depression of immune competence was greatest in older patients and those with metastatic disease. The addition of indomethacin (1 μg/ml) to cell cultures of both patients and normal individuals enhanced the mitogen response, suggesting that PGE-producing suppressor cells were operative in both groups. Among the patient group, however, a differential modulation of the immune response by indomethacin was observed. Thus, the addition of indomethacin restored the PHA response in patients almost to normal levels, while the Con A increase was less pronounced. Even after indomethacin treatment, the Con A proliferative response by lymphocytes was significantly depressed in patients as compared to controls (P = 0.002). To prove that indomethacin was blocking excessive PG production by suppressor monocytes in colon cancer patients, we directly measured PGE2 production by peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) using a radioimmunoassay. PBMCs from the patients produced significantly greater amounts of PGE2 compared to controls (10.1 versus 5.1 ng/ml, P = 0.0001). This comparison was still significant after adjustment for age and sex. The increased PGE2 production appeared to be selective, since the levels of two other arachidonic acid metabolites, PGF(1α) and thromboxane B2, were the same or less than control levels. PG-mediated immune suppression of mitogenesis thus appears to be abnormally increased in colon cancer patients, particularly for the PHA response. This abnormality was partially corrected in vitro by incubation of the PBMCs with indomethacin, a prostaglandin synthetase inhibitor. ER  - 
Clinical features and management of analgesic poisoning; Analgesic poisoning is a common medical emergency, and these drugs account for about 30% of self-poisoning in adults. Aspirin and paracetamol are taken most often, and can cause significant morbidity and mortality. However, problems with the hepatotoxicity of paracetamol have been greatly reduced by the introduction of effective treatment with agents such as N-acetylcysteine. The non-steroidal anti-inflammatory analgesics are not commonly taken in overdosage but the incidence of self-poisoning with mefenamic acid is increasing at an alarming rate. With the exception of phenylbutazone and mefenamic acid these drugs rarely seem to cause serious toxicity. The narcotic analgesics can cause profound respiratory depression and are the most dangerous drugs in overdosage. ER  - 
Cardiopulmonary effects of sepsis in the newborn; Neonatal septicemia is clinically characterized by respiratory failure, profound arterial hypoxemia, pulmonary hypertension, leukopenia, and shock. In experimental animal studies that closely parallel these clinical findings, the development of hypoxemia during bacterial infusion results from: a bacterial toxin-induced depression of cardiac output with a subsequent decrease in mixed venous PO2; and an increase in V̇(A)/Q heterogeneity in response to pulmonary edema associated with altered endothelial permeability. The precise mediators of these physiologic alterations are unknown, but it is clear that arachidonic acid metabolites, such as prostacyclin, thromboxane A2, and the leukotrienes play an important role in producing pulmonary hypertension and pulmonary edema. The release of other granulocyte by-products, such as activated complement fragments, toxic oxygen radicals, and lysosomal enzymes, may also be important in mediating the sepsis-induced lung injury associated with granulocyte sequestration in the lungs. Although pharmacologic therapy directed at inhibiting these pathways holds promise for the future, current treatment of neonatal sepsis is limited to antibiotics and supportive care. ER  - 
The pathogenic role of anaerobic micro-organisms in post-operative gastro-intestinal surgery patients; The cases of patients with anaerobic organisms were collected for a period of one year from the results of bacteriological examinations and from the file of operation reports of gastrointestinal surgery. The authors wanted to determine whether the anaerobic bacteria were really responsible for the infections observed, whether they acted alone or in association, what antibiotics should be used specifically against them, and what was the incidence of the initial infection in the discovery of the anaerobic organisms. It was found that the rate of infectious complications was higher in men than in pre-menopausal women and higher in emergency operations than in routine scheduled operations. Overall, it seems that the anaerobic bacteria, considered individually, do not have significant pathogenic action. They are widespread saprophytes which are present before the post-operative immune depression. It is their extraordinary development under certain local conditions and their association with other organisms which explain their pathological emergence. ER  - 
Acute treatment with pyrrolo(1,4)benzodiazepine antitumor antibiotics alters in vitro hepatic drug metabolizing activity in rats; The pyrrolo(1,4)benzodiazepine antitumor antibiotic, anthramycin, shares a number of toxicities with the widely used anticancer agent adriamycin. We investigated whether acute doses of anthramycin and the structurally related compounds, sibiromycin and tomaymycin, would depress P-450-dependent drug biotransformations as had been reported for adriamycin. Alterations in drug metabolism rates were determined in rats using 50 and 75% of the approximate 7-day LD50 determined in mice. 4 days post dosing ethylmorphine demethylase and aniline hydroxylase activities in liver 9000 g supernatants were depressed from 26 to 76%. Tomaymycin lowered drug metabolism in a dose-related manner, while sibiromycin produced the greatest amount of depression. Like adriamycin, the pyrrolo(1,4)benzodiazepines possess the ability to depress drug metabolism and therefore may affect the disposition of compounds with which they are co-administered. ER  - 
Alpha adrenergic stimulation modified prostaglandins release in vas deferens; Methoxamine enhanced contractions of mouse vasa deferentia through alpha adrenoceptor stimulation. Additionally, the generation of PGF-like material by the tissue was increased by methoxamine, whereas that of PGE-like material was decreased. The effects of methoxamine on prostaglandin output (stimulation and depression) were antagonized by yohimbine and phenoxybenzamine. Moreover, the stimulating influence of methoxamine on the contractile activity of the preparations was attenuated by the prostaglandin synthesis inhibitors indomethacin and acetylsalicylic acid. The results suggest that methoxamine is able to modify prostaglandin synthesis and output in mouse vasa deferentia, probably through an alpha adrenergic mediated mechanism coupled to the prostaglandin synthesizing system. The fact that indomethacin and acetylsalicylic acid blocked alpha stimulatory responses to methoxamine, suggest a modulatory role for endogenous prostaglandins. Since methoxamine increased PGF levels, this prostaglandin might potentiate the contractile influence of methoxamine. ER  - 
Comparative effects of clindamycin and lincomycin on end-plate currents and quantal content at the neuromuscular junction; The pre- and postinjectional effects of the lincosamide antibiotics, clindamycin and lincomycin, were studied in voltage-clamped transected twitch fibers of costocutaneous muscles of garter snakes (species Thamnophis). Miniature end-plate currents and end-plate currents (EPCs) were recorded over a wide voltage range for each antibiotic. The amplitude and kinetics of these currents were studied and estimates of the quantal content of evoked transmitter release determined. High concentrations of clindamycin (2 x 10-4 M) and lincomycin (2 x 10-3 M) produced significant depression of EPC amplitude and a nonlinearity in the EPC-voltage relationships. The time constant of EPC decay was accelerated in clindamycin and the relationship between the time constant of EPC decay and membrane potential remained a single exponential function with a concentration-dependent loss of the voltage dependence. In contrast to clindamycin, lincomycin produced biphasic EPCs which consisted of two components, one faster and one slower than the control decay rate. The relative amplitude and decay rate of each component was both concentration and voltage dependent. Either increasing the concentration of lincomycin or membrane hyperpolarization decreased the amplitude ratio, I(slow)/I(fast), and increased the ratio of the respective time constants, τ(slow)/τ(fast). Clindamycin affected EPC decay amplitude and quantal content in the same concentration range, whereas lincomycin affected EPC decay at concentrations 20 times less than those required to reduce EPC amplitude and quantal content. These results suggest that the neuromuscular blocking effects of clindamycin involve both pre- and postjunctional sites, whereas the effects of lincomycin are primarily on the postjunctional receptor-channel complex. ER  - 
Effects of histamine, H1- and H2-receptor antagonists on the activity of serotonergic neurons in the dorsal raphe nucleus; The authors investigated the effects of histamine applied by microiontophoresis onto serotonin-containing (serotonergic) cells recorded extracellularly in the dorsal raphe nucleus of the rat. Application of histamine at low iontophoretic currents (1-5 nA) produced a rapid depression of the firing of all serotonergic neurons tested. The H1-receptor antagonists mepyramine and diphenhydramine were unable to attenuate the histamine-induced response. Antagonism of the effect of histamine by the iontophoretic application of the H2-receptor antagonists cimetidine and metiamide was not possible to evaluate since both were found to exert potent inhibitory effects by themselves. In contrast, the nonimidazole-derived H2-receptor antagonist ranitidine, which had no effect by itself, selectively antagonized the histamine-induced depression of neuronal activity. Histidine, 3-methylhistamine and a variety of histamine agonists selective for H1- or H2-receptors were unable to mimic the effect of histamine in dorsal raphe. Histamine's effects may, in part, be mediated at a γ-aminobutyric acid receptor complex as the γ-aminobutyric acid antagonists bicuculline and picrotoxin rapidly and reversibly antagonized both the histamine- and the cimetidine-induced depression of serotonin cell firing; the glycine antagonist strychnine selectively blocked the inhibitory effect of glycine without altering the histamine-induced response. These data show an inhibitory effect of histamine on serotonin-containing neurons in the dorsal raphe; this effect may be partially mediated at a subtype of H2-receptor. These data further indicate that the inhibitory effects of histamine and cimetidine observed in the dorsal raphe nucleus may result, in part, from an action directly or indirectly at a γ-aminobutyric acid receptor complex. ER  - 
Platelet function in blood from the coronary sinus in patients with arteriosclerotic heart disease; Blood sampled from the coronary sinus was compared with blood collected simultaneously from the superior caval vein in 50 men with angiographically proven coronary heart disease. Primary, ADP-induced aggregation in coronary sinus blood was reduced by 14 per cent, collagen-induced aggregation by 10 and platelet retention by 16 to 30 per cent as compared with blood from the caval vein. The plasma levels of beta-thromboglobulin, platelet counts and number of circulating platelet aggregates were similar in parallel samples. The reduced platelet function in coronary sinus blood hardly reflects refractoriness after previous platelet stimulation, since no relapse or irreversible aggregation was induced. A reduced function might be the effect of direct depression induced in the coronary circulation. Most surprisingly, a selective thromboxane synthetase inhibitor (Dazoxiben) and acetylsalicylic acid normalized platelet aggregation but did not affect the low platelet retention response in coronary sinus blood. Thus, the reduced platelet function in coronary sinus blood is not only mediated via prostaglandins. ER  - 
Hydrogen peroxide and hydroxyl radical mediation of activated leukocyte depression of cardiac sarcoplasmic reticulum. Participation of the cyclooxygenase pathway; Human peripheral blood leukocytes, activated by phorbol myristate acetate, disrupt canine sarcoplasmic reticulum calcium transport, in vitro, by an oxygen-derived free radical mechanism. Activated leukocytes significantly depress Ca++ uptake activity and Ca++ stimulated, Mg++ dependent ATPase activity. The depression is completely inhibited by sodium-azide (0.1 mM) or the combination of superoxide dismutase (10 μg/ml) and catalase (10 μg/ml). Exogenous hydrogen peroxide (0.441-4.41 mM) uncoupled Ca++ uptake activity from ATP hydrolysis, and this effect was inhibited by catalase. Mannitol alone did not inhibit the effects of activated leukocytes, but superoxide plus mannitol (20-100 mM) resulted in normal ATPase activity, while Ca++ uptake remained depressed. In the presence of indomethacin and ibuprofen, activated leukocytes depressed Ca++ uptake and had no effect on ATPase activity. 2-Amino-methyl-4-t-butyl-6-iodophenol (MK-447) further depressed Ca++ uptake and partially inhibited the effect on ATPase activity. Indomethacin plus catalase completely inhibited the effects of activated leukocytes on cardiac sarcoplasmic reticulum. We conclude, first, that activated leukocytes depress canine cardiac sarcoplasmic reticulum Ca++ transport by an oxygen-free radical mechanism with the generation of hydrogen peroxide and hydroxyl radical. In addition to the classical membrane NADPH oxidase system, significant oxygen radical generation can occur through the cyclooxygenase pathway of arachidonic acid metabolism, and seems to be responsible for the generation of the hydroxyl radical. ER  - 
Production of prostaglandins E2 and F2(α) in the freshwater mussel Ligumia subrostrata: Relation to sodium transport; Pharmacological experiments indicate that prostaglandins (PGs) have a role in the control of sodium regulation in freshwater mussels and the mechanism may be linked to cyclic AMP and serotonin. To test this hypothesis we used radioimmunoassay to investigate the ability of freshwater mussels to synthesize PGs. The levels of precursor fatty acids were determined in a gas-liquid chromatograph. Arachidonic acid (precursor to the diene PGs) was the major fatty acid component of total lipids in the gill and accounted for 14% of the total. In addition, gill homogenates synthesize PG-like material from [3H]arachidonic acid. Material corresponding to PGE2 and PGF2(α) were identified on thin-layer radiochromatograms. These data indicate that gills (the primary site of Na transport) can produce PGs. The presence of PGs in freshwater mussels was verified by radioimmunoassay of blood. Both PGE2 and PGF2(α) were identified using highly specific antisera. The concentrations of both PGs was significantly reduced when the mussels were injected with inhibitors of phospholipase A2 or cyclooxygenase before sampling blood. Stimulation of Na transport by serotonin and cyclic AMP results in a depression of blood PGE2 with no effect on circulating PGF2(α). PGE2 levels are inversely correlated with net Na flux. These data indicate endogenous PGE2 negatively modulated Na transport and PGE2 levels are regulated by a serotonin-cyclic AMP mediated system. ER  - 
Thromboxane mediation of cardiovascular dysfunction following aspiration; Acid aspiration leads to an inflammatory response characterized by the activation and pulmonary entrapment of platelets and white blood cells (WBCs). We speculate that thromboxane (Tx) produced by these activated cells alters lung permeability and diminishes cardiac performance. The lungs of dogs were aspirated with 0.1N HCl (3 ml/kg). Within 30 minutes in six untreated controls, cardiac index (CI) decreased from 121 to 104 ml/min.kg (P < 0.05), mean arterial pressure decreased from 142 to 120 mm Hg (P < 0.05), Pa(O2) decreased from 91 to 73 mm Hg (P < 0.05), and TxB2 levels increased from 70 to 130 pg/ml (P < 0.05). Pulmonary WBC sequestration occurred after 2 hours, while at 2 1/2 hours edema fluid was noted in the endotracheal tube. Six dogs were treated with infusion of the imidazole derivative ketoconazole 1 hour after aspiration (2.5 mg/kg bolus followed by 10 mg/kg.hr for 2 hours). After 30 to 60 minutes of treatment, CI rose from 106 to 143 ml/min.kg (P < 0.05), TxB2 decreased from 130 to 70 pg/ml (P < 0.05). At 2 1/2 hours, plasma from treated animals used to incubate a papillary muscle led to a developed tension 8% higher than that in controls (P < 0.05). Sequestration of WBC was not observed. After 4 hours, 24 ml endotracheal edema fluid was collected in contrast to 127 ml in controls (P < 0.05). A hamster cheek pouch used for bioassay of microvascular permeability yielded 78 leakage sites/cm2 with control edema fluid and 26/cm2 with fluid from treated animals (P < 0.05). The importance of WBC Tx synthesis in the induction of permeability was tested by stimulation of isolated WBCs with ionophore in the presence or absence of ketoconazole (0.4 μg/ml). Ketoconazole reduced the number of leakage sites in the hamster cheek pouch from 196/cm2 noted in controls to 28/cm2 (P < 0.05). These data support our hypothesis that Tx directly or indirectly lead to cardiac depression and WBC-mediated permeability. ER  - 
Growth hormone, cortisol, and glucagon concentrations during plasma free fatty acid depression: Different effects of nicotinic acid and an adenosine derivative (BM 11.189); Two chemically unrelated inhibitors of lipolysis were used in order to differentiate between the effect of FFA depression and a possible FFA-unrelated drug effect, respectively, on the plasma concentrations of GH, cortisol, and glucagon. Saline infusion served as a control experiment. In eight healthy male volunteers, a similar FFA depression by either iv infusion of nicotinic acid (3-pyridine-carboxylic acid, NA) or oral intake of an adenosine derivative, N(6)-allyl-N(6)-cyclohexyl-adenosine (AD-D), was followed by a significant GH increase (to 22.1 ± 6.2 and 9.6 ± 2.9 ng/ml at 240 and 270 min, respectively). Due to the large scatter of the GH concentrations during NA infusion, these responses were not significantly different. No GH increase occurred when the FFA depression was prevented by addition of a lipid infusion. In contrast, plasma cortisol and glucagon both increased significantly (by 107.4 μg/liter at 270 min and by 48.4 pg/ml at 60 min, respectively) during NA-but not during AD-D-induced FFA depression. Addition of the lipid infusion abolished the cortisol increase during NA infusion but had no influence on basal cortisol concentrations during AD-D intake. It lowered glucagon to values slightly below basal concentrations when added to the NA infusion and more markedly during AD-D administration. The results provide evidence that 1) depression of plasma FFA per se stimulates the secretion of GH, and 2) the increase of cortisol and glucagon during NA infusion is probably unrelated to the FFA depression. Hence, the stimulatory effect of FFA lack on glucagon secretion needs to be reconsidered. ER  - 
Correlation between cytotoxicity in vitro and LD50-values; Previous studies of the correlation between cytotoxicity in vitro and LD50 in rodents have shown a good correspondence for small groups of substances, such as antibiotics, metals, and solvents, but a poor correspondence for other small groups of substances, such as drugs and pesticides, as well as for larger groups of heterogenous chemicals. The generally poor correlation may be the result of the joint operation of three factors: 1. The existence of organ-specific toxicity. 2. The pharmacokinetics in whole animals. 3. Methodological problems disturbing a basically equivalent in vitro/in vivo toxicity. We have made further studies of the correlation for altogether 95 drugs. The type of human and mouse systemic lethal poisoning was compared with the cytotoxicity divided by the i.v. LD50 in the mouse and approximate i.v. LD in man, called Specific Indices (SI(ld)). A minority of the drugs had an organ-specific lethal action which was corresponding to high SI(ld) of 100 or more for all drugs. A majority of the drugs (80%) had a known or possible lethal interference with basal functions of animal and human tissues correlated to low SI(ld) of 1-10. At lethal dosage most of the latter drugs induce a non-specific CNS depression, which was interpreted as the systemic reaction to basal cytotoxicity of chemicals reaching brain cells. Tissue culture tests of cytotoxicity seem to be relevant for the lethal action of most chemicals in man. Comparisons of in vitro/in vivo toxic dosage (SI(ld)) and concentrations might be used to screen the selectivity of lethal action of chemicals, and to select chemicals interfering with basal cell functions for further studies in vitro. It will be difficult to replace animal testing by cell tests in toxicity evaluation because of the organ-specific toxicity and characteristic pharmacokinetics of many substances. However, initial standard in vitro cytotoxicity tests combined with subsequent approximative LD50 tests coupled to pharmacokinetic studies in the animals could produce data discriminating organ-specific from basal cell toxicity. The toxic mechanisms of the probable majority of common chemicals with a basal cytotoxicity at lethal dosage could then be analysed in tissue culture, which would increase the precision of analysis, as well as saving animal lives. ER  - 
Effects of the aminoglycoside antibiotics, streptomycin and neomycin, on neuromuscular transmission. I. Presynaptic considerations; The effects of two aminoglycoside antibiotics, streptomycin and neomycin, were studied in voltage-clamped transected twitch fibers of the costocutaneous muscles of garter snakes (species Thamnophis). The concentration-dependent effects of each antibiotic were quantitated by measuring miniature end-plate currents (mepcs) and evoked end-plate currents (epcs) in a single fiber before and in the presence of a wide range of concentrations of each antibiotic. The amplutide and the kinetics of these currents were studied and estimates of the quantal content of evoked transmitter release determined by the direct method of mean ratios, epc/mepc. A distinct separation was obtained between the concentrations of each antibiotic which demonstrated either pre- or postsynaptic actions. Both streptomycin and neomycin produced a concentration-dependent reduction in epc amplitude at concentrations which did not reduce mepc amplitude. Thus, the primary site of action for these antibiotics was considered of presynaptic origin. Streptomycin was approximately one-tenth as active as neomycin in reducing quantal release of acetylcholine. The marked depression in epc amplitude and quantal content produced by high concentrations of each antibiotic were reversed by elevating the external calcium concentration. Double logarithmic plots of the relationship between external calcium concentration and epc amplitude yielded a slope of approximately 3.8 in control physiological solution. In the presence of blocking concentrations of each antibiotic, increasing the external calcium concentration caused a parallel shift to the right of this relationship. These results suggest that the major mechanism for the neuromuscular depression produced by these aminoglycoside antibiotics is a competitive antagonism with calcium for a common presynaptic site required for evoked transmitter release. ER  - 
Rapidly progressive periodontitis. A distinct clinical condition; We report radiographic, clinical, historical, and laboratory observations on seven patients selected to illustrate the features and characteristics of rapidly progressive periodonitis, with the aim of establishing this disease as a distinct clinical entity. This form of periodontitis is seen most commonly in young adults in their twenties, but it can occur in postpubertal individuals up to approximately 35 years of age. During the active phase, the gingival tissues are extremely inflamed and there is hemorrhage, proliferation of the marginal gingiva, and exudation. Destruction is very rapid, with loss of much of the alveolar bone occurring within a few weeks or months. This phase may be accompanied by general malaise, weight loss, and depression, although these symptoms are not seen in all patients. The disease may progress, without remission, to tooth loss, or alternatively, it may subside and become quiescent with or without therapy. The quiescent phase is characterized by the presence of clinically normal gingiva that may be tightly adapted to the roots of teeth with very advanced bone loss and deep periodontal pockets. The quiescent phase may be permanent, it may persist for an indefinite period, or the disease activity may return. Most patients with rapidly progressive periodonitis have serum antibodies specific for various species of Bacteroides, Actinobacillus, or both, and manifest defects in either neutrophil or monocyte chemotaxis. Affected patients generally respond favorably to treatment by scaling and open or closed curettage, especially when accompanied by standard doses of antibiotics for conventional time periods. A small minority of patients do not respond to any treatment, including antibiotics, and the disease progresses inexorably to tooth loss even in the presence of aggressive periodontal therapy and maintenance. At the present time it is not possible to distinguish prior to treatment which individuals will respond to therapy and which will not. ER  - 
Baclofen overdose; Reported is a case of baclofen overdosage in a 23-year old woman. The patient manifested typical symptoms of baclofen overdose, including hypotonia, respiratory depression, and seizures. She was treated successfully with positive pressure ventilation, sedation, and intravenous antibiotics, and was discharged from the hospital on the 14th day following admission with no residual neurological signs, to be followed up in medical and psychiatric outpatient clinics. As baclofen becomes increasingly popular in the treatment of muscle spasm in certain neurological disorders, its availability for misuse increases. ER  - 
Effects of moxalactam and cefuroxime on mitogen-stimulated human mononuclear leukocytes; The effect of moxalactam and cefuroxime on mitogen-stimulated human peripheral blood mononuclear leukocytes was studied. Mononuclear leukocytes, mitogen, and antibiotic were added to microtiter wells. Cells were cultured for 3 days, pulsed with tritiated thymidine, and then counted. Compared with control cell cultures, treated cultures showed phytohemagglutinin responsiveness to be depressed by the addition of moxalactam at concentrations of 25 to 200 μg/ml (P <0.001) and by cefuroxine at concentrations of 50 to 200 μg/ml (P<0.02 to P<0.01). The depressive effect on blastogenesis was less marked when concanavalin A was used. Unstimulated lymphocyte transformation responses were also depressed by both antibiotics at all concentrations (P<0.05). Preincubation of mononuclear leukocytes with antibiotic for 2 h, followed by washing and culturing in an antibiotic-free medium, did not depress transformation response. When antibiotic was added 24 h after mitogen, depression of response was insignificant. The data from this study suggest that two new β-lactam antibiotics, at concentrations achievable in serum when used therapeutically, may have immunosuppressant effects. It remains to be established whether these effects are clinically important. ER  - 
Peptidoglycan biosynthesis in Neisseria gonorrhoeae strains sensitive and intrinsically resistant to beta-lactam antibiotics; Treatment of penicillin-sensitive and intrinsically resistant N. gonorrhoeae strains with their respective inhibitory concentrations of penicillin caused rapid cell death. When the peptidoglycan syntheses of these two strains were examined in the presence of penicillin, the sensitive strain continued to make this cell wall polymer for an extended time, whereas the resistant strain underwent a rapid and marked depression in synthesis. Examination of the labeled sodium dodecyl sulfate-insoluble peptidoglycan made in the presence of inhibitory concentrations of penicillin revealed further differences. The primary effect on the penicillin-sensitive gonococcus was a slight change in peptide cross-linking and a sharp decline in the degree of O-acetylation. In contrast, the resistant strain exhibited a substantial decline in cross-linking, with a very moderate change in O-acetylation. The degree of saturation of the individual penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) was assessed under these conditions. PBP 2, which exhibits a reduced affinity for penicillin in the resistant strain, appeared to be related to O-acetylation, whereas PBP 1 was implicated in the transpeptidation reaction. ER  - 
Cytotoxicity of 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin on primary cultures of adult rat hepatocytes; Primary cultures of adult rat hepatocytes were used to study the cytotoxicity of 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (TCDD). Rats were treated with a single oral dose of 5, 10 or 25 μg/kg of TCDD. At 2, 6, 10, 20, 30 days post-treatment, hepatocytes were isolated by a collagenase perfusion technique and maintained 48 hr as monolayers in serum-free medium in collagen-coated culture dishes. Uptake of ouabain was depressed in hepatocyte cultures isolated from all three doses of TCDD-treated rats. The effect was detected two days after TCDD-treatment and continued up to 30 days. The magnitude of the depression was directly related to the dose of TCDD. Hepatocyte cultures from TCDD-treated rats also showed depression in hormonally induced uptake of α-aminoisobutyric acid (AIB) and tyrosine aminotransferase (TAT) activity at 10 and 25 μg/kg but not at 5 μg/kg. These cytotoxic effects of TCDD could be demonstrated only when TCDD was given to rats prior to isolation of hepatocytes; no toxic effects were observed when TCDD was added directly to the hepatocyte cultures. Pretreatment of rats with 1,3,6,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin had no effect on ouabain uptake, AIB transport, or TAT activities. ER  - 
Naloxone in emergency medicine; Naloxon is the medicament of choice in the therapy of overdosage of opiates; for the symptom triad of myosis, respiratory depression and coma it is the characteristic cure. In severe respiratory depression and cardiac complications, above all the maintenance of vital functions must be assured (artificial respiration, resuscitation). Thus adults receive 0.8 to 1.2 mg of naloxon i.v. Even in coma of unclear genesis this dose should be given insofar as an opiate intoxication is noticeable. Naloxone has a diagnostic as well as a therapeutic function. If after 3 minutes there is no complete abolition of the symptoms (size of the pupils, respiratory rate, state of consciousness), a further dose is given. In adults a total of 4 to 6 mg may be necessary. In severe cases (multiple intoxications) a naloxon infusion is justifiable (5 mg/h). When there are signs of overdosage in the course of therapy with opiates giving 0.4 mg naloxon is desirable. Newborns and children receive, under the corresponding indication, at first 0.2 mg or 0.2 to 0.4 mg. In treatment of medicinal intoxication it is necessary always to bear in mind the possibility of action by several drugs (combination preparations). For this reason in most cases the plasma level of acetylsalicylic acid and paracetamol should be determined. Furthermore, active, centrally inhibiting drugs may inhibit the use of naxolon by the patients. Aside from the rare hypersensitivity reaction, there is no absolute contraindication for therapy with naloxon. ER  - 
Relationship between cerebrospinal fluid amine metabolites, neuroendocrine findings and personality dimensions (Marke-Nyman scale factors) in psychiatric patients; 5-Hydroxyindoleacetic acid (5-HIAA) and homovanillic acid (HVA) were measured in the spinal fluid of 45 women hospitalized in a psychiatric departement for major depression (14 cases), schizophrenia (18 cases) and alcohol dependence (13 cases). Dexamethasone suppression tests were performed following CSF examinations in all patients and TRH stimulation tests were also made in six subjects. All biological examinations were carried out in a drug-free state. The Marke-Nyman Temperament scale was administered to all patients as soon as severe psychotic distrubances subsided and sufficient cooperation was achieved, but no later than 10 days following biological examinations. The MNT was repeated after recovery to check reliability of the test results during an episode of a psychiatric disorder. CSF amine metabolite concentrations did not differ signficantly in the three patient groups; postdexamethasone average cortisol levels were above the critical level (5 μg/dl) in each group, the highest values being found in major depression. One of the three MNT factors was inhomogeneous among diagnostic groups (validity: low in depression and alcoholism), but the other two also differed from a healthy control population. Correlation structure between biological and psychological variables was homogeneous throughout the diagnoses and a significant inverse correlation was found only between CSF 5-HIAA and the validity factor of MNT. Maximal TSH response to TRH stimulation correlated with both solidity and stability in the MNT scale. Since MNT results proved to be stable even during an illness episode, a possible link is suggested between personality traits and central serotonin metabolism. ER  - 
Long-term treatment of menorrhagia with mefenamic acid; Thirty-six women with menorrhagia were treated with mefenamic acid during all menstrual periods for more than 1 year. These women had experienced objective and subjective benefit - menstrual blood loss was reduced and other menstrual symptoms improved during a preliminary 4-cycle double-blind placebo-controlled trial with mefenamic acid (placebo cycles: 65.6 ± 5.3 ml; mefenamic acid cycles: 45.3 ± 5.1 ml, means ± SEM). This reduction in menstrual blood loss was maintained at 6 to 9 months (49.2 ± 9.9. ml) and at 12 to 15 months (42.8 ± 4.8 ml) after the trial. These reductions were significant at the 6- to 9-month (paired t test = 2.18; P < .05) and the 12- to 15-month interval (paired t test = 4.40; P < .001). Significant sustained reductions in blood loss were seen in the women with menorrhagia due to ovulatory dysfunctional bleeding and in those who had undergone tubal sterilization. Significant reductions were also seen in dysmenorrhea, headache, nausea, diarrhea, depression, number of sanitary towels used, and number of mefenamic acid capcules taken. A significant increase in serum ferritin was found between admission and completion of the follow-up trial in 11 women (P < .01). ER  - 
The effect of dexamethasone on cerebrospinal fluid monoamine metabolites and cortisol in psychiatric patients; The effect of 1 mg dexamethasone on CSF levels of 5-hydroxyindoleacetic acid (5 HIAA), homovanillic acid (HVA) and cortisol (CS) was investigated in 100 psychiatric inpatients: 45 subjects had their lumbar punctures 1-4 days following dexamethasone administration, and the results were compared with those from 55 other patients investigated before drug ingestion. All patients were women, and none had received psychotropic medication for at least two weeks before the study. Seven subjects consented to two LPs both before and after dexamethasone. As expected, cortisol in the CSF significantly decreased after dexamethasone: the decrease was greatest 10 hours following the drug. HVA showed a weak and transient elevation after 10 hours only. CSF 5 HIAA was found to be significantly increased in postdexamethasone samples and high levels were still found even after 82 hours. Diagnostic differences (major or minor depression, schizophrenia alcohol abuse or dependence) did not account for the observed differences. Repeated CSF examinations in seven subjects corroborated these findings: all cortisol values were decreased and all 5 HIAA values were increased after dexamethasone while HVA values showed random changes. The data may suggest that serotonergic mechanisms may be involved in dexamethasone action in the CNS. In addition, dexamethasone administration can alter CSF 5 HIAA level, a possible factor which should be taken into consideration in CSF studies. ER  - 
Patterns of depression reflected in pituitary - thyroid and pituitary - adrenal endocrine changes; In 76 patients with an RDC diagnosis of major depressive disorder, serum TSH, the TSH response to TRH and urinary cortisol excretion were measured. In 51 of these patients, plasma cortisol before and after oral dexamethasone also was analysed. These endocrine measures were uni- and multivariately correlated with subdiagnostic, descriptive and symptomatic variables, largely scored from the Schedule for Affective Disorders and Schizophrenia (SADS) that was used for evaluation of each patient. TSH increase in the TRH test correlated strongly with the 'primary'/'secondary' distinction of major depression (low ΔTSH - primary diagnosis) and with body height (low ΔTSH - tall stature). ΔTSH also displayed a significant negative correlation with urinary free cortisol (UFC). UFC was highly significantly correlated with lower anger scores and with less suicide proneness. Poor suppression of plasma cortisol after oral dexamethasone correlated univariately with more melancholic traits, and multivariately with affective heredity, weight loss and altered motor activity. High concentrations of both 3-methoxy-4-hydroxyphenyl glycol (MHPG) and 5-hydroxyindoleacetic acid (5HIAA) in the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) correlated with cortisol non-suppression by dexamethasone at 1100 hr during depression. The results indicate that these psychoendocrine measures may show good correlations with a few depressive symptoms and somatic characteristics as well as with selected affective subdiagnoses. ER  - 
Iatrogenic hazards at home; The high number of hazardous chemicals at home is well established but the increasing availability of potentially lethal drugs in the home due to market availability and physician's prescribing habits has not been well studied. We randomly selected 206 campers, ages 5-15, attending a YMCA camp for 'normal' children. Forty-three out of 206 (20.5%) were taking at least one medication as follows: anticonvulsant (1); bronchodilators (5); decongestant (9); antibiotics (2); antituberculosis antibiotic (1); vitamins (5); nonnarcotic analgesics (3); barbiturate analgesic (1); hematinic (1); thyroid (1); ibuprofen (1); psychotropic (8). After careful clinical evaluation and follow-up during camp duration it was determined that only the children on anticonvulsant (1); antituberculosis (1) and one of the asthmatics really needed their medication. The children (8) on psychotropic drugs for hyperactivity, enuresis or depression did not need their medication and they were stopped without any untoward effect during the duration of the camp. Thus, the increasing availability of potentially lethal drugs should alert the physician to be cautious in his/her prescription habits. ER  - 
Effect of acetylsalicylic acid on deposition of abdominal fat in broilers; Prostaglandin E (PGE) has been reported to inhibit markedly glucagon-stimulated lipolysis in the adipose tissue and isolated fat cells of chickens. Experiments were conducted to determine if acetylsalicylic acid (aspirin, an inhibitor of PGE synthesis) would affect abdominal fat deposition in broiler chickens. Levels of 0, 200, or 2000 mg of aspirin per kg of diet were fed to broilers from 17 to 31 days of age in experiment 1; 14 to 28 days in experiment 2; and either 52 to 66 or 60 to 66 days in experiment 3. At the end of the experiments, livers and abdominal fat pads were removed and weighed. Blood samples were obtained in experiments 1 and 2 for determination of glucose and free fatty acids (FFA). Growth rate and liver weight per unit of body weight were not depressed significantly by aspirin in the younger birds, but the 2000 mg level significantly depressed growth rate in the older birds. Abdominal fat as a percent of body weight was not reduced significantly by aspirin in experiments 1 or 2. A reduction was observed with the highest level in experiment 3, but this was associated with a marked growth depression. Neither blood glucose nor FFA were significantly affected by dietary treatments. The results indicate that acetylsalicylic acid is not an effective agent to reduce fat deposition in broiler chickens. ER  - 
Epidemiology of adverse drug reactions in the newborn; A prospective study on the epidemiology of adverse drug reactions (ADR) in the 200 neonates consecutively admitted to a newborn intensive care unit have shown that 136 ADR occurred in babies (incidence = 30%). 20 of these ADR (14.7%) were major (life-threatening), 34 (25%) were moderate (prolonged hospital stay) and 82 (60.3%) were minor (resolved spontaneously, no therapy required). Respiratory depression, cardiac arrhythmias, renal failure, metabolic abnormalities (hyperglycemia, electrolyte imbalance) and gastrointesinal bleeding were the most common major and moderate ADR. Hematologic (eosinophilia, thrombocytopenia) and metabolic (lipemia, hyperglycemia) were the most frequent minor ADR. The case fatality rate is 5%. Most commonly suspected drugs associated with the ADR were cardiovascular drugs (tolazoline, digoxin, methoxamine), antibiotics, diuretics and components of intravenous nutrition solutions. ER  - 
Elevated plasma cortisol during induced and spontaneous hypocalcemia in ruminants.; The relationship of cortisol in blood plasma with plasma calcium and phosphorus was studied from 3 days before to 2.5 days after calving in 12 dairy cows (third or more parity). Cows were in three groups: 1) paretic (displayed hypocalcemic and lateral recumbency), 2) nonparetic (plasma calcium at least 8.0 mg/100 ml), and 3) borderline (plasma calcium less than 8.0 mg/100 ml). Cortisol concentrations from 0 to 1.5 days postpartum reflected the state of calcium stress of the groups, paretic more than borderline and borderline more than nonparetic. Phosphorus was lower from 0 to 1 day postpartum in paretic cows. Calcium and phosphorus were negatively correlated (within cow) with cortisol (-.53, -.37). In experiments with goats, cortisol was released in response to hypocalcemia and displayed no activity in initiating an onset of hypocalcemia when given exogenously. Also, the observation that cortisol-treated goats responded less severely with calcium depression and recovered faster from induced hypocalcemia by ethylene glycol-bis (beta-amino-ethyl ester) N,N'-tetraacetic acid infusions suggests cortisol may aid the animal in recovering from hypocalcemia. ER  - 
Free radical damage to sarcoplasmic reticulum of masseter muscle by arachidonic acid and prostaglandin G2; In vitro generation of free radicals by xanthine oxidase acting on hypoxanthine as a substrate induced a decreased calcium uptake velocity and reduced calcium-dependent ATPase activity of isolated sarcoplasmic reticulum (SR) vesicles from canine masseter muscle at pH 7.0. At pH 5.5 calcium uptake velocity was also reduced but ATPase activity was unaffected. Application of arachidonic acid or prostaglandin G2 induced the depression of both calcium uptake velocity and ATPase activity. The effect of arachidonic acid and prostaglandin G2 on ATPase activity depended on the pH. At pH 7.0, ATPase activity was decreased, but at pH 5.5 it was unchanged. These effects were reversed by superoxide dismutase (SOD) at pH 7.0, and by SOD plus mannitol at pH 5.5. Prostaglandin H2, prostaglandin E2 and 11,14,17-eicosatrienoic acid had no effect on calcium uptake velocity and ATPase activity at both pH 7.0 and pH 5.5. These results suggest that damage to the masseter muscle is caused by a free radical superoxide anion generated as a result of increased prostaglandins synthesis, and by the production of more lethal hydroxyl radical switched from the production of superoxide anion at low pH. ER  - 
Lysosomal enzyme changes in macrophages from mice given Myocrisin and infected with avirulent Semliki Forest virus; Myocrisin given to mice i.p. causes depression by lysosomal enzyme activity (acid phosphatase, β-glucuronidase and N-acetyl-β-D-glucosaminidase) in peritoneal macrophages. If avirulent Semliki Forest virus (SFV) is given i.p. 3 h after the Myocrisin, further depression of lysosomal enzyme activity occurs, a very high titre of virus is produced in these macrophages and the virus becomes lethal, causing 100% mortality. The possible interrelationships between depressed lysosomal activity, high virus titres and the production of a lethal virus infection are discussed. ER  - 
Reversibility of kanamycin-induced neuromuscular and cardiovascular depressions by 4-aminopyridine, in comparison with neostigmine; It is known that aminoglycoside antibiotics can produce the neuromuscular blockade which is mainly based on their antireleasing action of acetylcholine (Ach) at neuromuscular junctions. The neuromuscular blocking actions of kanamycin sulfate (KM) were firstly reported in vivo by Timmerman et al. and its presynaptic blocking action was suggested by Singh et al. Furthermore, pre- and post-junctional blocking actions of KM were clearly showed in vitro, and it was confirmed that KM can act preferentially at the presynaptic site and that the antireleasing action of KM can be completely antagonized by 3,4-diaminopyridine in vitro. 3,4-Diaminopyridine can reverse the neuromuscular depression by amikacin, polymyxin B, lincomycin and clindamycin in vitro and 4-aminopyridine (4-AP) can reverse lincomycin-pancuronium-induced neuromuscular blockade in man. KM has not only the neuromuscular blocking action but also the cardiovascular depressive action, as have the other aminoglycoside antibiotics. The aim of this study was to examine whether, as in vitro experiments of neuromuscular system, 4-AP could antagonize the neuromuscular and cardiovascular depressive actions of KM in anesthetized rats. ER  - 
Ibuprofen in canine endotoxin shock; The participation of prostaglandins in the physiologic alterations of endotoxin shock has been well established with the aid of prostaglandin synthetase inhibitors. Our study was designed to investigate the potential of ibuprofen, a highly specific cyclooxygenase inhibitor, to reverse the hemodynamic and acid base abnormalities of canine endotoxin shock. Mean blood pressure fell to 49.8 ± 6.6 mm Hg in dogs given endotoxin by 5 min after injection, and remained below 83 mm Hg for the duration of the 120-min observation period. In animals given endotoxin followed by ibuprofen, a similar initial drop of systemic blood pressure was seen, but it subsequently recovered to 150.2 ± 4.1 mm Hg by 120 min (P < 0.001). Cardiac index increased in animals given ibuprofen (2.3 ± 0.28 liter/m2 per min) compared with animals given endotoxin alone (1.0 ± 0.09 liter/m2 per min) by termination of the experiment. The arterial pH dropped in endotoxin treated animals to 7.18 ± 0.03 by 120 min. Ibuprofen prevented the acidosis, the final pH in ibuprofen and endotoxin treated animals measuring 7.36 ± 0.01. We concluded that ibuprofen protects against the hypotension, acidosis, and depression of cardiac index of canine endotoxin shock. ER  - 
Decreased phospholipase A2 activity and prostaglandin biosynthesis in Bacillus Calmette-Guerin-activated alveolar macrophages; Alveolar macrophages from normal and BCG-infected rabbits were labelled with [14C]arachidonate and its metabolites were measured. It was found that production of both prostaglandins and 12-hydroxyeicosatetraenoic acid was diminished markedly in BCG-primed macrophages. This decrease was due partly to a depression in cyclooxygenase and lipoxygenase activity, but mainly to a decrease in arachidonic acid release, probably due to a suppression in phospholipase A2 activity. This is indicated by a consistent depression of this enzyme activity in BCG macrophage homogenates at a wide pH range, suggesting that both lysosomal and non-lysosomal phospholipases are suppressed in BCG macrophages. However, intracellular lysosomal acid phosphatase and its release were increased markedly in BCG-primed macrophages. Our previous studies have shown a close relationship between lysosomal acid hydrolase release and production of arachidonate-prostaglandins in normal macrophages. The present study shows that in activated macrophages primed BCG, different mechanisms are operative in the control of synthesis and release of lysosomal acid hydrolases and of the phospholipase for prostaglandin production. ER  - 
Studies on the lipid metabolism in the cochlea. II. Biochemical and histochemical studies; The lipid metabolism in the guinea pig cochlea was studied biochemically and histochemically. The results from this study, together with the results obtained by autoradiographic study (ref. 1st report), were discussed. The following conclusions were obtained. Autoradiographic study by perilymphatic perfusion of the guinea pig cochlea with 3H-glycerol proved to be fit for the purpose of investigation on the localization of the phospholipid metabolism activity in the cochlea. In the autoradiographic study, the most heavily labelled cells were the outer hair cells, especially intensive along the cell membrane, where there were the sheets of endoplastic reticulum (subsurface cisterna). It would appear that subsurface cisterna in the outer hair cells synthesize phospholipids and then supply other biomembranes with these phospholipids. Kanamycin depressed the incorporation of 3H-glycerol into the membranous cochlea. Autoradiographic study demonstrated that this depression was due to the decreased incorporation of 3H-glycerol into the hair cells. The turnover of phosphatidyl choline was the most rapid and the rate of decrease in this lipid content by kanamycin was the highest among the all lipid fractions. It seems that inhibition of phosphatidyl choline metabolism, as well as that of polyphosphoinositides by aminoglycosidic antibiotics, is closely related to the mechanism of cell injury by these drugs. Histochemical and autoradiographic studies showed that the lipid globules in Hensen's cells contained hydrophilic lipids. These data, together with other data, suggest that the globules may function as an energy source as well as mechanical support of the organ of Corti. It is desirable that the prospective advances of the research on the lipid metabolism in the cochlea will contribute to discovery of a preventive and a treatment for sensori-neural hearing loss. The present study suggests that CDP-choline is useful as a preventive or a treatment. ER  - 
The immune consequences of trauma; Numerous studies have documented the role of trauma in adversely modifying host defense mechanisms. A major objective of current investigations is to delineate the mechanisms of trauma-mediated depression of host defense and to define the relationship of such depression to susceptibility to fatal septicemia following trauma. The purpose of this article is to provide an overview of current knowledge of trauma-mediated alterations of host defense mechanisms. Although not discussed in this review, a variety of treatment modalities utilized in the care of traumatized patients have also been shown to depress host defense mechanisms. Such modalities include antibiotics, steroids, and anesthetic agents. ER  - 
The effect of calcium, neostigmine and 4-aminopyridine upon respiratory arrest and depression of cardiovascular functions after aminoglycosidic antibiotics; Neomycin causes arrest of peripheral respiration by blocking neuromuscular transmission by a presynaptic mechanism. It is not effective in the postsynaptic region until 14 fold concentrations are used and it acts by a mechanism different from that of d-tubocurarine. Besides this, it has cardio-depressive effects. The common action of neomycin in all systems apparently concerns the movement of calcium across cell membranes. Calcium and 4-amino-pyridine act as antagonists of the curare-like activities of neomycin and its cardio-depressive action. Neostigmine is not an antagonist of these side-effects. 4-Aminopyridine is effective even in the case of calcium resistance which occurs after combination of several drugs related to neuromuscular transmission and neomycin. ER  - 
Mode of action of the biotin antimetabolites actithiazic acid and α-methyldethiobiotin; Actithiazic acid and α-methyldethiobiotin inhibited the conversion of dethiobiotin to biotin in resting-cell suspensions of E. coli. The concentration which effected 50% inhibition were 0.45 and 1.1 μM for actithiazic acid and α-methyldethiobiotin, respectively. Cells grown in low concentrations of the two biotin antimetabolites showed depression of the biotin A operon, as evidenced by the enhanced levels of the enzymes 7,8-diaminopelargonic acid aminotransferase and dethiobiotin synthetase. Derepression was not due to any direct regulatory effect of the antibiotics but was the consequence of the inhibition of the biotin synthetase enzyme; this inhibition prevented the intracellular concentration of biotin from reaching the levels required for normal regulation of the biotin A operon. ER  - 
Failure of corticosteroid therapy for experimental acid aspiration; Early death after acid aspiration results from hypoxia and hypovolemic shock. Pharmacologic doses of methylprednisolone sodium succinate (CS) are alleged to be beneficial in the early therapy of aspiration. Aspiration pneumonia was simulated in 27 mongrel dogs. Hydrochloric acid 0.1 N (pH ≤ 1) was instilled intratracheally (1.0 ml/kg). Controls (N = 7) received acid alone. Group 1 dogs (N = 10) received acid followed 5 min later by methylprednisolone sodium succinate (CS) (30 ml/kg iv). Group 2 (N = 10) received CS 20 min before aspiration. Femoral artery and pulmonary artery catheters were inserted for pressure and cardiac output monitoring and for blood sampling. Dogs received saline solution (4 ml/kg/hr iv) for the 6 hr of the experiment. Systemic and pulmonary arterial and wedge pressures were monitored and cardiac index (CI) was calculated. Intrapulmonary shunt (Q(s)/Q(t)) was calculated with Berggren's equation. Lung water as a percentage of lung weight (%LW) was calculated for excised lungs. Baseline and 6-h values were tabulated. Depression of CI and increased Q(s)/Q(t) were observed in controls. Treated animals maintained CI but shunting was not improved. Increased %LW indicated pulmonary edema in all animals. Even when given before acid aspiration, CS failed to control shunting and edema. ER  - 
Side effects of therapy with prostaglandin E1 in infants with critical congenital heart disease; The case reports of 492 infants with critical congenital cardiac disease treated with prostaglandin E1 (PGE1) were reviewed to determine the nature and incidence of intercurrent medical events. 43% of the infants had at least one such event, but only half of these were related to PGE1 and the majority required only minor changes in management. Cardiovascular events were the most common (18% incidence), with cutaneous vasodilation and edema occurring more frequently during intraaortic infusion than during i.v. infusion. Central nervous system events were reported in 16% of the patients. Respiratory depression as reported in 12%, and was particularly common in infants weighing less than 2.0 kg at birth (42%). Hematologic, infectious and renal events appeared for the most part to be unrelated to PGE1. The overall mortality (excluding 19 patients with hypoplastic left-heart syndrome) was 31%; the mortality for the patients with critical coarctation or interruption of the aortic arch was nearly twice that for the cyanotic infants (50% vs 27%). No deaths was attributed to PGE1 administration. During infusion of PGE1, arterial blood pressure and respiratory activity should be monitored carefully and appropriate supportive steps taken if hypotension or respiratory depression occurs. The development of fever or jitteriness may require reduction of the infusion rate and, in view of the possible increased incidence of infections, the prophylactic use of antibiotics is recommended. ER  - 
A study of the effect of stimulated endogenous prostaglandin synthesis on urine flow, osmolar excretion rate, and renin release in hydropenic and saline loaded, anesthetized rats; The purpose of the study was to investigate the effects on urine flow and osmolar excretion of arachidonic acid (C20:4) infused into the renal artery of anaesthetized rats under conditions in which indomethacin previously was found to reduce urine flow and to prevent the development of a moderate saline diuresis. C20:4 caused a reversible increase in the urinary excretion rates of PGE2 and PGF2(α) both in hydropenic rats and in rats during a saline diuresis. Renal venous plasma concentration of PGE2 increased significantly while the increase in PGF2(α) was insignificant. C20:4 infusion was followed by an increase in urine flow and osmolar excretion rate in hydropenic rats, and it augmented urine flow (but not solute excretion) in saline-loaded rats. This latter effect was blunted by indomethacin treatment and inactin anaesthesia. Increased endogenous PG-levels were associated with only a modest (insignificant) increase in renin release under the present conditions. Saline loading acutely depressed PGE2 and PGF2(α) urinary excretion rates and plasma renin concentration (PRC). The fall in PRC was unaffected by indomethacin. The main conclusions are that endogenous renal PG's have a diuretic effect in the amytal anaesthetized rat, while an effect on osmolar excretion rate is apparent only under hydropenic conditions. Acute saline loading depresses renal PG-synthesis, but this depression is not the only cause of the fall in PRC following saline loading. The saline diuresis is caused by a mechanism(s) not involving prostaglandins. ER  - 
The effects of protaglandins and arachidonic acid on the electroretinogram: Evidence for functional cyclooxygenase activity in the retina; The effects of intravitreally injected prostaglandins (PGs) and arachidonic acid (AA) on the electrical activity of the retina were studied by monitoring the electroretinogram (ERG) of rabbits. In normal rabbits, intravitreal injection of PGE1, PGE2 or AA caused a gradual depression of b-wave amplitude as measured either in low (2 lux) or normal (300 lux) background illumination: up to 45% depression was observed within 1 hr and no recovery was noted during 4 hr of monitoring. The depression of the b-wave amplitude after the intravitreal injection of AA and PGs was similar in time course. Bromcresol green, an inhibitor of PG transport, significantly potentiated the effects of low doses of PGE1 and PGE2 and, to a lesser extent, that of AA. Indomethacin, a known inhibitor of cyclooxygenase activity, prevented the AA-induced, but not the PG-induced depression of the b-wave amplitude. It is concluded that PGs can have a direct effect on the retina and that this region of the eye contains sufficient cyclooxygenase activity to produce pathophysiologically significant amounts of PGs and/or related autacoids. ER  - 
The effect of chloroquine on the metabolism of [35S]cystine in normal and cystinotic human skin fibroblasts; The present study concerns the effect of the lysosomotropic drug chloroquine on the uptake and metabolism of [35S]cystine in vitro by normal human fibroblasts and those from patients suffering from the lysosomal storage disease cystinosis. When the cells were cultured with [35S]cystine for periods in excess of 4 h, it was found that chloroquine considerably increased (up to 30-fold) the labelling of the intracellular cystine pool in cystinotic cells, with no increase or a much smaller increase in normal cells. For this effect cloroquine has an optimum concentration of 20 μM, with a small effect still being noticeable at 1 μM. A quinoline analogue, 4-(dimethylaminoethylamino)-7-iodoquinoline, had a similar effect to chloroquine. However, NH4Cl at concentrations of between 100 μM and 50 mM showed either no effect (at the lower concentrations) or a depression of intracellular cystine labelling (at the higher concentrations). The differences between the effects of the quinolines on cystinotic acid normal cells were not due to differences in total cell uptake of drug. ER  - 
Prolonged WBC depression after cimetidine in a patient with chronic myelogenous leukemia; We have recently seen an unusual case in which prolonged leukopenia was associated with cimetidine and antibiotics in a stressed patient with chronic myelogenous leukemia. Peripheral blood counts and bone marrow examination suggested that the mechanism was bone marrow depression rather than peripheral destruction. ER  - 
Acid phosphatase activity of the lymphocytes during polychemotherapy of lymphoproliferative diseases; In 4 adults with malignant lymphoma and in 3 cases of acute lymphoblastic leukemia the acid phosphatase activity in lymphocytes during the consecutive cycles of polychemotherapy was examined paralelly with the estimation of the receptors for sheep erythrocytes. Depression of the enzymatic reaction was observed immediately after the onset of the cytostatic treatment, its normalization between the cycles and after the full remission was reached. A remarkable and lasting decrease of the phosphatase positive lymphocytes and a change in the expression of the enzymatic reaction was noticed in the course of L-asparaginase administration. The presented investigations are the continuation of the authors' earlier studies on the positive correlation between the rosette test with neuraminidase treated sheep erythrocytes and the acid phosphatase activity in lymphproliferative diseases. ER  - 
Ultraviolet light and epidermal polyamines; Numerous studies have indicated that the activities of the polyamine biosynthetic enzymes, ornithine decarboxylase (ODC) and S-adenosyl methionine decarboxylase (SAM.D) are increased in hyperplastic and neoplastic growth. The levels of the polyamines themselves, putrescine, spermidine, and spermine are also often altered in these situations. Epidermal ODC activity is greatly elevated in response to tumor promoting chemicals and also in response to irradiation with short-wave length and mid-wave length ultraviolet. In addition, the levels of the epidermal polyamines change after mid-wavelength ultraviolet irradiation, leading to elevation of putrescine and spermidine, but depression of the spermine level. The spermidine to spermine ratio was significantly elevated after chronic ultraviolet irradiation. Preliminary studies on human skin also show that mid-wavelength ultraviolet light is capable of inducing ODC. Different pharmacological agents have been found to significantly inhibit the ultraviolet induction of epidermal ODC. Topical corticosteroids and indomethacin significantly inhibit ultraviolet induced epidermal ODC. In addition, retinoic acid inhibited the ultraviolet induction of this enzyme in some experimental situations. Long-wave length ultraviolet alone produced no significant induction of ODC, however, certain phototoxic drugs (8-methoxypsoralen and anthracene) in combination with long-wave length ultraviolet did induce epidermal ODC. It is possible that further studies of changing epidermal polyamine metabolism in response to ultraviolet and tumor promoting agents, may lead to a greater understanding of cutaneous carcinogenesis. ER  - 
Glucocorticoid inhibition of cyclic AMP in the developing secondary palate; Glucocorticoids administered in pharmacological doses to mice at midgestation results in cleft palate (CP). Inbred strains exhibit different susceptibilities to glucocorticoid-induced CP with A/J being highly susceptible and C57 BL/6J (C57) more resistant. Elevated levels of palatal epithelial cAMP during midgestation have been implicated as playing a role in palatal medial edge epithelial (MEE) differentiation. The objectives of this study were to measure cAMP levels as well as examine the localization and distribution of cAMP in the developing A/J and C57 secondary palate after maternal administration of a teratogenic dose of cortisone acetate. Levels of palatal intracellular cAMP were analyzed on each of Days 13-15 by radioimmunoassay. A transient rise (three- to four-fold) of palatal cAMP levels were seen with maximal values occurring during the early phase of MEE cell death (early Day 14). Maternal cortisone treatment resulted in a dramatic depression of both A/J and C57 palatal cAMP on Day 14 of gestation. Arachidonic acid, previously shown to protect against cortisone-induced CP, administered simultaneously with cortisone, failed to reverse the cortisone-induced depression of palatal cAMP. Developing palatal shelves in organ culture undergo histological and biochemical developmental changes identical to those seen in vivo. Moreover, changes in cAMP levels in the culture media corresponded to those found in devloping palates in vivo. A transient peak of cAMP was seen after 18 hr in vitro. This time corresponds to the period of peak levels of cAMP in vivo (early Day 14). Addition of 1 x 10-6 M cortisone acetate or dexamethasone to the culture medium depressed levels of tissue cAMP in both stains at all time points studied and resulted in an elimination of the transient peak of cAMP in media from organ cultured palates. Localization and distribution of cAMP were visualized by immunohistochemistry in both A/J and C57 fetal palates on early Day 14 of gestation. Staining for cAMP was most intense in palatal epithelial cytoplasm. Mesenchymal staining for cAMP was faint and restricted to mesenchymal plasmalemmas. Maternal cortisone treatment resulted in a dramatic reduction of palatal epithelial staining intensity in both strains of mice. These data demonstrate that maternal administration of teratogenic doses of cortisone results in a depression of fetal palatal epithelial cAMP levels and may function to alter MEE differentiation. Moreover differential susceptibility to cortisone-induced CP in AJ and C57 does not appear to involve an effect on palatal cAMP levels as cAMP levels were equally inhibited in both strains. ER  - 
Neuroendocrine and neurochemical measurements in depression; The authors performed dexamethasone suppression tests (DST), TRH infusions, 72-hour urine collections, and lumbar punctures on a group of male depressed patients. Approximately 60% of the patients were DST positive and 33% had a blunted TSH response. Two biologic variables, the 8 a.m. postdexamethasone cortisol and the postprobenecid CSF 5-hydroxyindoleacetic acid (5-HIAA), accounted for over half of the variance in the behavioral measure, the Hamilton score. Plasma cortisol elevation was associated with high 3-methoxy-4-hydroxyphenyl glycol (MHPG) excretion; TSH blunting was associated with low urinary MHPG excretion. Urinary and CSF MHPG correlated positively. Comprehensive biologic measures showed certain significant interrelationships and correlations with the severity of depression. ER  - 
The actions of prostaglandins and cyclo-oxygenase inhibition on the resistance vessels supplying the human fetal placenta; The resistance arteries supplying individual exchange villi of the full-term human fetal placenta were examined for their reactivity to various prostaglandins (PG) as well as for their ability to synthesize biologically active PG. PGA1, PGF(2α), PGE2 and PGE1 produced dose-dependent contractions between 10-7 and 10-5M. The order of potency observed was PGA1 ≃ PGF(2α)>PGE2>PGE1. TXB2 was without activity in this preparation. Prostacyclin (PGI2) produced a dose-dependent relaxation of pre-contracted strips between 10-8M and 10-5M. Arachidonic acid (AA) produced stable dose-dependent contractions (10-5 M to 10-3M) which were totally abolished by pretreatment with 10-7M meclofenamate (MF). At no concentration of AA was any evidence of vascular relaxation observed. Larger concentrations of MF (>10-6M) resulted in a non specific depression of the placental vascular smooth muscle. Meclofenamate (10-7M) pretreatment of strips subjected to dose-response studies using PGF (2α), PGE2, bradykinin (BK) and angiotensin II(AII) revealed a significant reduction in tension developed to both BK and AII. This finding suggests that the vasoactive peptides BK and AII stimulate the synthesis of vasoconstricting PG in the fetal placental resistance arteries which relax in response to PGI2 and contract in response to the other PG tested. ER  - 
A biochemical basis for the actions of lithium on behaviour and on immunity: relapsing and remitting disorders of inflammation and immunity such as multiple sclerosis or recurrent herpes as manic-depression of the immune system; Lithium has actions on the immune system similar to its paradoxical effects in manic-depression in that both inhibition and stimulation of the immune system have been reported. In many disorders of immunity and inflammation there are unpredictable relapses and remissions similar to those which occur in manic-depression. The authors propose that in such recurrent disorders of immunity lithium may have a therapeutic role. A key aspect of this role is likely to be an effect on T suppressor lymphocytes. Lithium may prove able both to reduce excess suppressor function and to enhance the activity of defective T suppressors. There is evidence that prostaglandin (PG) E1 is a key determinant of both mood and suppressor cell activity. Excess PGE1 formation will be associated with mania when it occurs in the brain and with excess suppressor function in the immune system. Since stores of the PGE1 precursor dihomogammalinolenic acid (DGLA) are limited, excess PGE1 formation may be followed by depletion DGLA and a fall in PGE1. Since PGE1 blocks mobilisation of arachidonic acid, a lack of PGE1 is likely to be associated with arachidonate mobilisation and an excess of 2 series PGs. This will be associated with depression in the nervous system and failure of T suppressor function with auto-immune attack in the immune system and over production of 2 series PGs. Lithium limits DGLA mobilisation and so can prevent both excess PGE1 formation and a subsequent DGLA depletion. Multiple sclerosis fits this model well since in remission T suppressor function is excessive while in relapse it is defective. Other recurrent and relapsing disorders such as rheumatoid arthritis and related conditions, familial Mediterranean fever, asthma, migraine and inflammatory disorders of the skin and the bowel may also fit the model. ER  - 
Pulmonary atelectasis after anaesthesia: Pathophysiology and management; The pathophysiological basis of pulmonary atelectasis is reviewed and risk factors that enhance lung collapse are discussed. Management strategies to reduce or eliminate risk factors and to prevent collapse are discussed and the rational bases of these strategies are identified. Instability of lung alveoli is a consequence of surface tension and regional differences in alveolar size. The inherent tendency of alveoli to collapse is enhanced by the following risk factors; low lung volume, high closing volume, oxygen therapy, a rapid shallow ventilatory pattern, chronic lung disease, smoking, obesity, postoperative pain following abdominal or thoracic surgery, narcotic induced ventilatory depression, and neurological, neuromuscular, muscular amd musculoskeletal diseases associated with mechanical impairment of respiratory function. The primary goal of perioperative respiratory management is prevention of atelectasis. Appropriate management strategies include physiotherapy and delay of elective surgery if substantial improvement in respiratory status can be achieved by specific treatments such as antibiotics, bronchodilators, steroids, and reduction of tobacco use and caloric intake. In selected cases, elective postoperative controlled ventilation may be indicated. ER  - 
Hyperosmotic xylitol, prostaglandins and gastric mucosal barrier; We have previously reported that hyperosmotic solutions of sodium chloride or of xylitol possess potent anti-ulcer activity and reduce gastric acidity 0,8904 in the rat. They also stimulate gastric prostaglandin (PG) biosynthesis, which may bear a causal relationship to the above effects. In the present investigation we studied the effect of intragastric hyperosmolarity on the transmucosal potential difference (PD) and on the permeability to H+ ions in the rat stomach. We also studied the effect of the prostaglandin synthetase inhibitors, indomethacin and flufenamic acid, on these parameters. Rat stomach was perfused in vivo, under urethane anesthesia, by 0,9411 xylitol solutions made up in 0.01 N HCl. While moderately hyperosmotic (13%) xylitol was without effect, the perfusion of intensely hyperosmotic xylitol (34.5%) resulted in a long lasting reduction of the transmucosal PD from a mean (±SEM) of -63±4 mV to a trough value of -40±3 mV. This depression of transmucosal PD was inhibited in a dose-related fashion by prior treatment with the PG-synthetase inhibitors. Acid recovery in the effluent was significantly reduced by the 34.5% xylitol solution, and indomethacin 0,9936 pretreatment did not modify the effect of hyperosmotic xylitol. It is concluded that, although intensely hyperosmotic xylitol produces some of the characteristic effects of a barrier breaker, i.e. depression of transmucosal PD and acid back diffusion, these two phenomena probably involve different mechanisms, as indicated by their differential response to indomethacin. ER  - 
The pathophysiology of stress ulcer disease; Stress ulcers are superficial muscosal lesions located predominantly in the fundus of the stomach. They occur mainly in the victims of severe trauma and sepsis and are to be clearly distinguished from Cushing's ulcers, ulcers induced by drugs and from activation of a preexistent ulcer. It is generally agreed that mucosal ischemia is the major inciting event in the pathogenesis of acute stress ulceration of the stomach and that the presence of luminal acid and pepsin are required for overt ulceration to develop. Back-diffusion of acid occurs in the absence of overt disruption of the gastric mucosal barrier, is closely related to the formation of ulcers, and may be enhanced by reflux of duodenal content into the stomach and by diffusion of blood urea into the stomach. Severe acidosis and base deficit together with depression of acid secretion and consequent lowering of alkaline tide are important contributing factors. A differential energy deficit in fundic mucosa as a result of ischemia probably contributes to mucosa damage by interfering with anion exchange (HCO3- for Cl-). The exact role of steroids and prostaglandins is controversial. ER  - 
Depression of theophylline metabolism and elimination by troleandomycin and erythromycin; Clinical observations have suggested that elevated levels of theophylline may occur during the use of macrolide antibiotics. In the present study, the plasma clearance of theophylline was studied in rabbits treated with troleandomycin or erythromycin (400 mg.kg-1.day-1) over a 10-day period. The elimination of theophylline was impaired significantly after 10 days of antibiotic treatment. No change in theophylline elimination occurred when the antibiotics were given for shorter periods of time. Protein, cytochrome P-450 and cytochrome b5 levels, and aminopyrine N-demethylase and benzo[a]pyrene hydroxylase activities were unchanged in hepatic microsomes prepared from rabbits treated with antibiotics for 10 days. Pretreatment of rabbits for 10 days with troleandomycin completely abolished production of 1-methyluric acid from theophylline in isolated hepatic microsomes, but production of 1,3-dimethyluric acid was unaffected. Troleandomycin, when added in vitro to microsomes, had no direct effect on theophylline metabolism. It is concluded that long-term treatment with troleandomycin selectively blocks or destroys one pathway of theophylline metabolism. This mechanism may explain the clinically observed interaction between theophylline and the macrolide antibiotics. ER  - 
Cardiac depressant effects of some recent aminoglycoside antibiotics; The myocardial depressant action of aminoglycosides has been known for years but data on newer derivatives are currently not available. We have studied the contractile responses of isolated guinea-pig left atria to increasing concentrations of gentamicin, sissomicin, netilmicin, ribomycin and spectinomycin (0.02, 0.04, 0.08, 0.13, 0.17 and 0.22 mM). Our results are in keeping with those of previous investigators demonstrating that newer aminoglycosides do exert a similar depressant action. Netilmicin was more depressant than gentamicin and sissomicin, then ribomycin at similar concentrations while spectinomycin did not exert any effect at all. However this myocardial depression is obtained using concentrations far exceeding those reached in clinical practice. The status of netilmicin is somewhat less favourable. ER  - 
Thromboxane B2 (TxB2) release during IgE anaphylaxis in the rabbit; Intravenous antigen challenge of specifically IgE-sensitized rabbits resulted within 30 sec in significant elevations of plasma thromboxane B2 (TxB2) levels. Maximal TxB2 release (5 to 15 ng/ml) occurred within 120 to 180 sec after antigen challenge and was accompanied by the secretion of platelet factor 4 (PF4); however, PF4 release was delayed approximately 30 sec when compared to TxB2 release. Simultaneously, basopenia, thrombocytopenia, and neutropenia occurred within 30 sec after antigen challenge with maxiaml depression by 60 sec. Intraperitoneal administration of aspirin (acetyl salicylic acid, 100 mg/kg) 18 hr before antigen challenge did not prevent the development of thrombocytopenia, neutropenia, basopenia, or the release of PF4, but significantly reduced the release of TxB2. However, 7 of 10 aspirin-treated IgE rabbits died within 5 min after antigen challenge compared to no fatalities in 8 nonaspirin treated IgE rabbits. Since previous studies have demonstrated that platelet-activating factor (PAF) is released into the circulation during anaphylaxis, the dose-response characteristics of PAF-induced rabbit platelet secretion of serotonin and PF4 were compared to TxB2 production in vitro. Platelet synthesis of TxB2 was PAF dose dependent as was the secretion of serotonin and PF4; initial TxB2 synthesis (40 pg/ml) occurred at a PAF concentration that stimulated the release of 30% serotonin and 40 ng/ml PF4. The results of these in vivo and in vitro studies suggest that TxB2 release in the circulation during IgE-induced anaphylaxis in the rabbit may, in part, be due to PAF stimulation of thromboxane synthesis by circulating rabbit platelets; however, arachidonic acid metabolism through the cyclooxygenase pathway is not required for the alterations in circulating blood cells and platelet PF4 secretion and may, in fact, serve to attenuate the IgE anaphylactic syndrome. ER  - 
The comparative neuromuscular blocking effects of some aminoglycoside antibiotics; The neuromuscular blocking effects of aminoglycoside antibiotics were tested in the isolated phrenic nervediaphragm preparation of the rat. The neuromuscular blocking potencies were netilmicin = sisomicin ≥ neomycin ≥ gentamicin ≥ tobramycin. The EC 50's (concentration resulting in 50 percent depression of the original twitch tension) were respectively 13.3 X 10(-4); 13.4 X 10(-4); 13.6 X 10(-4); 15.1 X 10(-4); and 95.3 X 10(-4) Mol/l for netilmicin, sisomicin, neomycin, gentamicin and tobramycin. When a threshold dose of pancuronium was added to the bathing fluid the EC 50's were diminished respectively by a factor of 0.4 (sisomicin and neomycin) 0.5 (tobramycin) and 0.6 (netilmicin and gentamicin). Addition of a threshold dose of Org-NC45, a new steroidal non-depolarizing muscle relaxant, diminished the EC 50's to the same extent. The neuromuscular blocking effects of pancuronium and Org-NC45 themselves were potentiated by pretreatment of the preparations with a threshold dose of the aminoglycosides. Comparison of the results demonstrated the following potentiating effects : netilmicin = sisomicin ≥ neomycin ≥ gentamicin > tobramycin. Which is in the same sequence as the neuromuscular blocking potencies of these drugs. ER  - 
The treatment of burn patients in a laminar airflow environment; Infection is the major cause of death in the burn patient. The burned skin is an ideal culture media for bacteria. This added to the severe immune depression seen after burn injury produces a patient very prone to infection. Although endogenous bacteria readily colonize the wound, life threatening infections are frequently caused by exogenous hospital born organisms resistent to standard antibiotics. These organisms are not only dangerous to the individual patient but can also infect other neighboring patients by cross-contamination. It is difficult to determine how significant infection by airborn transmission of these organisms, is as compared to contact spread by personnel. Laminar airflow techniques have been shown to significantly decrease infection rate in other infection prone patients which indicates airborn transmission to be an important source of infection. As a result of a laminar airflow system, particles and bacteria in the air are rapidly removed producing a sterile air environment. The University of Wisconsin Burn Center constructed a four bed horizontal laminar airflow isolation unit in 1974 to be used exclusively for the care of the burn patients in order to decrease infection rate. Recently the burn center moved to a new university hospital where two isolation units with a total of seven beds, is being used. The rate of laminar air flow in the system can be adjusted between 60 and 90 feet per minute depending on activity. The air filters then remove 99.85 per cent of particles more than 0.3μ. The patient area in each unit measures 20x20 feet with no physical barrier between beds. This allows room for ambulation, therapy and burn care. The nurse's station, kitchen and storage are in an area outside of the laminar airflow system. The authors reviewed their experience over a three year period (1975-1978) to determine the effectiveness of the system in decreasing infection and also to identifying any problems encountered with the system. ER  - 
Criteria and method of restoration of intestinal bacterial symbiosis in the pain clinic of the department of aesthesiology and intensive medicine of a university hospital; 1. Symbiosis is a common principle of life, a co-operation with mutual support. 2. The micro-organisms living on the skin and in the mucous membranes of the human are named his 'flora'. In the ideal case of a healthy person there exists a real symbiosis between the human organism and his physiological flora, which has (according to Haenel) the following components in the human intestine: a) Main flora: obligatory anaerobic germs, mainly bifido bacteria. b) Accompanying flora: anaerobic germs, coli group, enterococci and lactobacilli. c) Residual flora: different groups of germs: proteus, yeast, clostridium staphylococcus, aerobic spore forming organisms. 3. The normal relationship between organism and bacterial flora can be disturbed by endogenous or exogenous factors. Under certain circumstances such a disorder to symbiosis can be found bacteriologically. Then one speaks of a dysbiosis (according to Haenel) which represents significant deviations from the eubiotic standard and causes different proportion varieties of the individual germ groups in the feces. Usually the bidifus group is reduced by coliforms, enterococci and lactobacilli, increasing proportions of the residual flora. 4. The diagnosis of a symbiosis disorder can already be made by an anamnesis: bad habits or bad nutrition, environmental burdening and drug misuse: antibiotics, antiseptics and laxative misuse are more and more causing functional failure of the defense and metabolic performance. The depression of the immunological system is the most important result. 5. The therapy of symbiosis disorders aims at restoring and preserving the normal flora by application of physiological bacterial cultures in a probiotically prepared milieu. 6. Symbiosis guidance is a basic therapy which can be performed with quite different but of course probiotic, biologically orientated forms of therapy. In case of absolutely necessary antibiotic and chemotherapeutic measures in connection with acute medicine the symbiosis restoration counteracts a negative effect on the immunological system. ER  - 
Combinations of antibiotics for therapy of severe infections in cancer patients; When severe sepsis is suspected, initial therapy should provide adequate coverage against all the likely pathogens. In neutropenic patients, infections caused by gram-negative bacilli are common; however, gram-positive infections occur as well, and usually they cannot be distinguished from the former on clinical grounds alone. Early antimicrobial therapy with a potentially synergistic combination of antibiotics should be instituted in an empiric manner in febrile, granulocytopenic patients. In most instances, carbenicillin plus gentamicin will prove to be effective. Therapy should be discontinued after four days in patients in whom no infection can be documented microbiologically or clinically. In the other patients without microbiologically proven infection who respond to antimicrobial therapy although remaining neutropenic, antibiotics should be continued for at least seven to ten days. In those patients who do not respond to antimicrobial agents, early empiric therapy with amphotericin B and granulocyte transfusions should be considered especially if the bone marrow depression is profound and if several courses of antimicrobial agents have been given recently. ER  - 
Ototoxicity of cisplatinum in the guinea pig. A preliminary report; Cisplatinum (cis-diamminedichloroplatinum II), an inorganic compound with potent antineoplastic activity against various experimental tumor systems, has been known to have some untoward side effects such as nephrotoxicity, bone marrow depression, and gastrointestinal toxicity, as frequently found in other anticancer drugs. In addition to these side effects, there have been several clinical reports on the ototoxicity of Cisplatinum; that is, patients treated with large doses of this agent often exhibited tinnitus, and a temporary or permanent hearing loss for high frequency tones. The purpose of this preliminary study was to examine the possible toxic effect on the organ of Corti of the guinea pig cochleas, and to compare it with the ototoxic aminoglycoside antibiotics and the other agents with ototoxicity. The results obtained in this study were as follows. Ototoxicity was evaluated by the disappearance of Preyer's pinna-reflex in response to high frequency pure tones and by histopathological examination of the organ of Corti of the guinea pig cochleas with surface preparation technique. The animals treated with repeated intraperitoneal injections of Cisplatinum (e.g., a daily dose of 3 mg/kg or 5-7 days for a total of approximately 15-20 mg/kg) developed permanent hearing loss and histological lesions with a scattered or an irregular patchy form of the outer hair cell degeneration in the lower-half of the cochlear turns (from the basal end to the second turn of the cochlea). No obvious morphological alteration was observed in a row of the inner hair cells throughout the cochlea by light microscopy. Thus, the lesions appearing in the organ of Corti following administration of Cisplatinum were limited to the outer hair cells and considered to be fairly less severe as compared with the cases of administration of neomycin or nitrogen mustard N-oxide, which had previously been reported by us; and the form of the cochlear lesions due to this inorganic agent might be characterized by a 'patchy degeneration pattern' of the outer hair cells in the lower half of the cochlea. ER  - 
Incidence of polyene-resistant yeasts recovered from clinical specimens; The development of resistance to amphotericin B and nystatin in yeast isolates was determined. Organisms recovered from patients on the oncology service, undergoing extensive chemotherapy for acute leukemia and bone marrow transplantation, were compared with yeasts recovered from patients on other services in the same hospital over a 7-month period. An agar dilution method was used to assay the susceptibility for each antibiotic; resistance was defined as a minimal inhibitory concentration of ≥2 μg/ml for amphotericin B and ≥16 μg/ml for nystatin. None of 625 isolates from 238 patients on non-oncology services demonstrated polyene resistance. Resistance only occurred in a subpopulation of oncology patients, in which 55 isolates (7.4%) from six patients (8.6%) exhibited polyene resistance. Resistant yeasts included Candida albicans (three strains), Candida tropicalis (one strain), and Torulopsis glabrata (two strains). All of the patients from whom resistant yeasts were recovered had experienced extensive chemotherapy with cytotoxic agents, granulocytopenia, and long-term treatment with both antibacterial and polyene antibiotics. Resistance to 2 μg of amphotericin B per ml and to 16 μg of nystatin per ml was associated with loss or marked depression of ergosterol in the cell membrane as measured by ultraviolet spectra. A significant incidence of polyene resistance in an oncology subpopulation was documented, suggesting a need for susceptibility testing in patients who are at high risk for development of drug-resistant fungal pathogens. ER  - 
Release of prostaglandins from the isolated frog ventricle and associated changes in endogenous cyclic nucleotide levels; A study has been made of the decline in contractility and some associated metabolic changes which occur in the isolated frog ventricle during the development of hypodynamic depression. The release of two identified prostaglandins (PG), E, and E2, together with several as yet unknown prostaglandin-related substances (PRS), accompanies the development of hypodynamic depression. There is a close correlation between the extent to which the isometric twitch is depressed and the quantity of prostaglandin released into the superfusate. Fractionation of extracts of 'used' superfusates, using preparative-scale thin-layer chromatography, revealed the presence of six major components, four of which (PGE1 and PGE2 and two unidentified components) were found to be cardioactive and potentiated contraction when tested subsequently on hypodynamic preparations. Two agents which influence prostaglandin biosynthesis, arachidonic acid and indomethacin, are found to affect both the rate at which the hypodynamic state develops and the extent to which the 'steady-state' twitch tension is depressed, in a dose-dependent manner. Indomethacin, a PG-synthetase inhibitor, accelerates the decay and depresses the final 'steady-state' tension attained, whereas arachidonic acid, the principal precursor for prostaglandin biosynthesis, has the converse effects. Measurements of endogenous 3',5'-cyclic nucleotide levels reveal a time-dependent decrease in intracellular guanosine 3',5'-cyclic monophosphate (3',5'-cyclic AMP) and a concomitant increase in guanosine 3',5' cyclic monophosphate (3',5'-cyclic GMP). The decline in isometric twitch tension is paralleled almost exactly by an equivalent reduction in the ratio 3',5'-cyclic AMP: 3',5'-cyclic GMP. Superfusion of isolated ventricles with Ringer solution containing exogenous, lipid-soluble derivatives of 3',5'-cyclic AMP and 3',5'-cyclic GMP affects both the rate of decline of the isometric twitch and the steady-state tension ultimately reached: thus, 8-bromo-3',5'-cyclic GMP accelerates the decline in contractility and depresses the steady-state level, whereas dibutyryl 3',5'-cyclic AMP delays the development of hypodynamic depression, and elevates the final twitch tension. The effects of both 3',5'-cyclic nucleotide derivatives are dose-dependent. The possible involvement of prostaglandin and 3',5'-cyclic nucleotides as causal agents in the mechanism of hypodynamic depression is discussed. The biochemical basis for the implied antagonistic effects of 3',5'-cyclic AMP and 3',5'-cyclic GMP in regulating ventricular contractility is considered in the following paper (Flitney & Singh, 1980). ER  - 
The treatment of premenstrual symptoms with mefenamic acid; 37 patients suffering from premenstrual symptoms were each studied through 3 menstrual cycles. After a control cycle, mefenamic acid and placebo were given during the luteal phase of the cycle in a random double-blind cross over manner, each patient serving as her own control. The dosage of mefenamic acid was 500 mg thrice daily. Medication significantly improved premenstrual symptoms, particularly tension, irritability, depression, pain and headache. It was not effective for breast symptoms. Most patients complaining of premenstrual symptoms also had menstrual symptoms, which were also improved by the mefenamic acid. ER  - 
Cortisol in the CSF of depressed and suicidal patients; Cortisol concentrations in CSF were measured by radioimmunoassay in healthy controls, depressed patients, patients who had attempted suicide but were not depressed, and obsessive-compulsive patients. The factors that contributed most to the variance in CSF cortisol levels were a diagnosis of depression, height, and important life changes during the six months preceding the investigation. Depression was by far the most important factor. The depressed patients had significantly higher CSF cortisol levels than the controls. In obsessive-compulsive and depressed patients treated with clomipramine hydrochloride, the levels were significantly reduced. Cortisol levels in CSF were significantly correlated with mean urinary cortisol excretion. Of the three monoamine metabolites measured, only 5-hydroxyindoleacetic acid level was weakly correlated with CSF cortisol level. This correlation was confined to the depressed patients and could be accounted for by the common correlation with height. ER  - 
Prostaglandin action, release and inactivation by rat isolated perfused mesenteric blood vessels; The following experiments were undertaken to confirm that prostaglandin is necessary for noradrenaline to exert its full vasoconstrictor effect in rat mesenteric blood vessels. Prostaglandin release and inactivation were also studied. The cyclo-oxygenase inhibitor, 5,8,11,14-eicosatetraynoic acid caused a significant depression of the concentration-effect curve to noradrenaline. As with indomethacin, responses were restored to control levels by prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) but PGE2 did not restore responses to noradrenaline depressed by papaverine. PGE2-like activity was released from tissues at rest, equivalent to 50±20 pg PGE2/min. The substance was probably a stable prostaglandin since activity remained on acidifying and extracting into chloroform. The increase in release stimulated by noradrenaline was reduced below resting values by indomethacin. There was a net loss of 7±1 and 1±0.2 ng PGE2/min from tissues perfused with 40 and 4 ng/min PGE2 respectively. No uptake occurred at lower PGE2 perfusion rates. When indomethacin was used to depress responses to noradrenaline 15(S)-15-methyl PGE2 methyl ester was 12 times more potent than PGE2 in restoring responses to control values. The cyclic endoperoxide analogue U-46619 caused only partial restoration of indomethacin-depressed responses to noradrenaline but increased perfusion pressure at 2 ng/ml and above. The results confirm that endogenous prostaglandin release, possibly of PGE2, is obligatory to the full vasoconstrictor effect of noradrenaline. Noradrenaline increases the amount of prostaglandin released which may then be taken up and inactivated by 15-hydroxy prostaglandin dehydrogenase or β-oxidase. U-46619 may mimic both PGE2 and thromboxane A2. ER  - 
Interaction of melittin with dimyristoyl phosphatidylcholine liposomes: evidence for boundary lipid by Raman spectroscopy.; The interaction of melittin, a polypeptide consisting of 26 amino acid residues, with dimyristoyl phosphatidylcholine bilayers was investigated by vibrational Raman spectroscopy. Spectral peak height intensity ratios, involving vibrational transitions in both the 3000 cm-1 acyl chain methylene carbon-hydrogen stretching mode region and the 1100 cm-1 acyl chain carbon-carbon skeletal stretching mode interval, served as temperature profile indices for monitoring the bilayer order-disorder processes. For a lipid : melittin molar ratio of 14 : 1 two order-disorder transitions were observed. In comparison to a gel to liquid crystalline phase transition of 22.5 degrees C for the pure lipid, the lower transition, exhibiting a 2 degree C width, is centered at 17 degrees C and is associated with a depression of the main lipid phase transition of dimyristoyl phosphatidylcholine. The second thermal transition, displaying a 7 degree C interval, occurs at approx. 29 degrees C and is associated with the melting behavior of approximately seven immobilized boundary lipids which surround the inserted hydrophobic segment of the polypeptide. For a lipid : melittin molar ratio of 10 : 1 two thermal transitions are also observed at 11 and 30 degrees C. As before, they represent, respectively, the main gel to liquid crystalline phase transition and the melting behavior of approximately four boundary lipids attached to melittin. From these data alternative schemes are suggested for disposing the immobilized lipids around the hydrophobic portion of the polypeptide within the bilayer. ER  - 
Neuromuscular blocking activity of aminoglycoside antibiotics; The aminoglycoside antibiotics possess neuromuscular blocking activity; the potency of those antibiotics tested appears to be as follows: gentamicin > streptomycin > amikacin > sisomicin > kanamycin = tobramycin > kanendomycin = dibekacin. The neuromuscular blockade produced by these antibiotics is not reversed by neostigmine, whereas it is reversed by by calcium. Calcium not only has the ability to restore the neuromuscular transmission but also to exert protective action against the neuromuscular blocking activity of aminoglycoside antibiotics; these antibiotics are also potentially capable of interacting with nondepolarizing muscle relaxant drugs (d-tubocurarine, pancuronium) or propranolol, a β-adrenergic receptor blocking agent. This interaction results in respitory depression and/or prolonged apnea. The authors' findings lead to the assumption that aminoglycoside antibiotics are involved in the process of acetylcholine release by nerve impulses, antagonizing calcium ions. ER  - 
Drug-induced mood disorders; Various drugs including antihypertensives, anxiolytics, antibiotics, antidepressants, corticosteroids, choline, indomethacin, levodopa, metronidazole, neuroleptics, oral contraceptives, sulphonamides and physostigmine have been reported to produce depression as a side effect. Clinically, these drug-induced depressions may go unnoticed and thus create therapeutic problems. Although causal relationship is difficult to establish, depression occurring during the course of drug treatment needs an evaluation of all the medications that the patient has been receiving. We believe that postpsychotic depressions include three types of depression: pendular depression - primarily disease related; chronic depression - primarily environment related, and amine-depression - drug related. Thus, drug-induced depressions constitute a subgroup of postsychotic depression. Clinically, it is essential to carefully monitor patients receiving drugs known to produce depression. Thus, prompt recognition of the drug-induced depressions may assist in initiating proper therapeutic measures. ER  - 
Separate effects of exogenous hyaluronic acid on proteoglycan synthesis and deposition in pericellular matrix by cultured chick embryo limb chondrocytes; The effects of exogenous hyaluronic acid on cell cultures of chick embryo limb chondrocytes are reported in this paper. The evidence shows that exogenous hyaluronic acid (HA) can both depress the incorporation of 35SO(4) into glycosaminoglycans and cause a displacement of newly synthesized proteoglycan from the cell layer to the culture medium. The results demonstrate that these two effects are mediated by distinct mechanisms. The displacement effect has a rapid onset (by 2 hr) while the effect of exogenous HA on 35SO(4) incorporation has a long latency (12 hr). The displacement effect is produced by a lower concentration (5 μg/ml) of hyaluronate oligomers than the effect on 35SO(4) incorporation (50 μg/ml). In addition, displacement is produced only by hyaluronate oligomers that are decasaccharides or larger. The depression of 35SO(4) incorporation is produced by tetrasaccharides as well as high molecular weight HA. In fact tetrasaccharides can depress 35SO(4) incorporation without causing this displacement effect. ER  - 
Neutral proteinase inhibitors and antimetastic effects in mice; The effects of a series of neutral proteinase inhibitors have been examined in mice bearing Lewis lung carcinoma. The substances tested are three non-steroidal anti-inflammatury agents (chloroquine, indomethacin and phenylbutazone), a broad spectrum non-specific enzyme inhibitor (aurintricarboxylic acid), and two intracellular inhibitors prepared from bovine spleen (SNPIs). All of these substances significantly reduced the formation of spontaneous pulmonary metastases. Primary tumor growth was unrelated with depression of metastasis formation, and a significant inhibition was caused by chloroquine and indomethacin only. These findings are consistent with previously reported inhibitory effects of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agents on tumor development in animals, and indicate that, in addition to the suggested mechanisms, proteinase inhibition might be involved. They also support our previous observations on the antimetastatic effects caused in mice by neutral proteinase inhibitors. ER  - 
Effects of some antibacterial agents on the phagocytosis of 32P-labelled Escherichia coli by human polymorphonuclear cells; Gentamicin, trimethoprim, cephalothin, colistin, erythromycin, oxytetracycline and chloramphenicol were studied in a phagocytic system. A radiolabelled strain of E. coli was used as test bacterium and human polymorphonuclear cells were used as phagocytes. Except for trimethoprim and cephalothin, there was a tendency towards depression of the process of phagocytosis in the presence of high concentrations of the various antibiotics. Colistin in a high concentration (83 μg/ml) exerted the most significant effect. ER  - 
A simple method of predicting severe sepsis in burn patients; Twenty-six patients with major thermal injury were studied with sequential tests of immunocompetence. Five to 8 days after burn, 12 of 26 patients developed a marked depression in the phytohemagglutinin response (17 ± 8 percent of baseline) and an increase in suppression of the normal mixed leukocyte response (70 ± 13 percent suppression), which was followed by severe life-threatening sepsis 4 to 5 days later. Concomitant with this marked immunosuppression, the 12 patients developed red debris in the normally white mononuclear layer of the Ficoll-Hypaque density centrifugation gradients used to separate mononuclear cells. None of the 14 patients with minimal or no sepsis developed red debris in Ficoll-Hypaque gradients, nor did they show signs of immune depression by phytohemagglutinin or mixed leukocyte response assays. The only patients in the severe sepsis group who survived were those given aminoglycosides at the time red debris was observed on the Ficoll-Hypaque gradients. The presence of red debris on Ficoll-Hypaque separation appears to be a simple and reliable predictor of impending sepsis, which allows the use of antibiotics before the clinical onset of sepsis. ER  - 
Environmental influences on uptake of serotonin and other amines; Lungs accumulate 5-hydroxytryptamine (serotonin, 5-HT) from the perfusate by a sodium-dependent, energy-requiring, saturable process. The rate-limiting step for uptake is the transport of 5-HT and not its subsequent metabolism to 5-hydroxyindoleacetic acid. Autoradiographic studies indicate that the pulmonary endothelium is the cellular site of uptake. The effect of hyperoxia on lung clearance of 5-HT was studied with isolated perfused and ventilated lungs from rats that were previously exposed to hyperoxia. Lungs were perfused with recirculating electrolyte solution and initial [5-HT] of 0.25μM. The calculated fractional 5-HT clearance (fraction of 5-HT removed in single pass) was 0.77 ± 0.02 (mean ± SE: n = 44) for control rats. Mean fractional clearance decreased by 20% in rats exposed to 1 atm O2 for 18 hr and 30% after 4 atmospheres absolute (ata) O2 for 1 hr (p<0.05). The effects of O2 at 4 ata were in part reversed by exposure to air for 3.5 hr and in part prevented by injection of superoxide dismutase (60 nmole/kg body weight). This degree of O2 exposure at either 1 or 4 ata had no effect on lung content of adenine nucleotides or the distribution of 3H-5-HT on autoradiography. Rats maintained for 6 weeks on a vitamin E-deficient diet showed an increased effect of hyperoxia on 5-HT clearance and did not show reversal of changes after 24 hr of air breathing. The results indicate that exposure to elevated p(O2) results in reversible depression of pulmonary 5-HT clearance that is potentiated by vitamin E deficiency. This suggests alteration of pulmonary endothelial membrane transport properties due to O2 toxicity. ER  - 
Psychologic correlates of serum indicators of stress in man: A longitudinal study; Correlations between serum uric acid, cortisol, high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol and psychometric indices of stress - namely, anxiety, hostility, and depression - were investigated in 20 students over a 2 1/2 month academic quarter. There were three peak periods of stress, with two occurring during midterm and final exams. The observed changes in serum cortisol were highly correlated with changes in anxiety and depression. Serum uric acid was significantly depressed during the first half of the quarter, but returned to control levels after midterm exams. Serum cholesterol and the LDL cholesterol subfraction were significantly elevated above control levels and remained elevated throughout the quarter after the first day of classes. Absolute levels of HDL cholesterol varied little throughout the quarter, however, the ratio of HDL cholesterol/total cholesterol was significantly depressed twice in the quarter, each time following approximately 10 days after the peak period of stress. ER  - 
A test for analgesics as an indicator of locomotor activity in writhing mice; Marked depression of locomotor activity was observed in writhing mice given acetic acid i.p. This depression of the activity was evidenced by a squatting posture in reaction to pain. The hypoactivity was reversed dose-dependently by nonnarcotic analgesics such as acetylsalicylic acid, aminopyrine and mefenamic acid in smaller dosages than those obtained by the conventional writhing syndrome test, and was also reversed dose-dependently by narcotic analgesics such as morphine, pethidine and codeine. Consequently, this hypoactivity test proved to be useful for analgesics screening. ER  - 
Cardiovascular manifestations of acute antibiotic toxicity during E. coli endotoxin shock in anesthetized dogs; Surgically instrumented, pentobarbital-anesthetized dogs were used to examine the acute cardiovascular activities of gentamicin, tobramycin, sodium penicillin- G, and sodium cephalothin during a control state and during experimental circulatory shock induced by E. coli endotoxin. Intravenous administration of 2.5, 5, 10, and 20 mg/kg gentamicin or tobramycin resulted in a transient (5-20 minute) state of cardiovascular depression, as reflected by dose-related decreases of systemic blood pressure, cardiac output, left ventricular pressure, dP/dt max, left ventricular contractile force, and dF/dt max; heart rate was affected little. Endotoxin produced a persistent state of circulatory depression characterized by hypotension, decreased cardiac output, arterial acidemia, and reduced indices of cardiac function. During endotoxin shock, the cardiovascular effects of gentamicin and tobramycin were relatively more pronounced (sometimes more than doubled) than effects observed during the control state. Equally large doses of penicillin of cephalothin, however, had no discernible circulatory effects in either control dogs or dogs subjected to endotoxin shock. Present data indicate that the cardiovascular toxicities of the aminoglycoside antibiotics gentamicin and tobramycin were augmented during experimental circulatory shock, and suggest the need for specific hemodynamic surveillance when intravenous administration of cardioactive antibiotics is required in patients with pre- existing circulatory dysfunction. ER  - 
Assessment of one year of mycological and immunological surveillance of candida in an intensive care unit; Patients hospitalized in an intensive care unit must be considered to be exposed to a 'high risk' in terms of candida infection. They often combine several of the factors favouring the development of 'candida disease': generally deficient state, multiple antibiotics, iatrogenic or pathological immune depression. While certain patients who are admitted are already suffering from 'candida infestation' (endogenous localization), the possibilities of exagenous infection are numerous. This study involved 63 patients spending at least one week in the department, from September 1977 to September 1978. Mycological (pharyngeal swab, urine culture, blood culture) and immunological (hemagglutination, immunoelectrophoresis, immunofluorescence) studies were carried out routinely on admission and then every week. Amongst the 63 patients studied, 12 were admitted with negative serology, erology, which became positive during the first 10 days. 5 already had positive serology at the time of admission. From a mycological standpoint, the pharyngeal swab was frequently positive on admission (17 times out of 63). In 63 patients, the infection was acquired during the course of the hospital stay and, in this case, positive urine cultures were more regularly associated with a positive pharyngeal culture. ER  - 
Combinations of antibiotics for therapy of severe infections in cancer patients; Early antimicrobial therapy with a potentially synergistic combination of antibiotics should be instituted in an empiric manner in febrile, granulocytopenic patients. In most instances, carbenicillin plus gentamicin will prove to be effective. Therapy should be discontinued after 4 days in patients in whom no infection can be documented microbiologically or clinically. In the other patients without microbiologically proven infection but who respond to antimicrobial therapy, antibiotics should be continued for 7-10 days. In those patients who do not respond to antimicrobial agents, early empiric therapy with amphotericin B and granulocyte transufions should be considered especially if the bone marrow depression is profound and if several courses of antimicrobial agents have been given recently. ER  - 
Depression of transmitter release and postjunctional sensitivity during neuromuscular block produced by antibiotics; In an attempt to elucidate the mechanisms by which antibiotics induce muscle paralysis, the effects of streptomycin, lincomycin, polymyxin B and clindamycin were investigated in the mouse phrenic nerve-hemidiaphragm preparation. Streptomycin resembled magnesium in reducing miniature endplate potential (m.e.p.p.) amplitude and frequency, whereas lincomycin, clindamycin and polymyxin B resembled tubocurarine in abolishing m.e.p.p. Endplate potential (e.p.p.) quantal content in streptomycin was 9, similar to that found in magnesium, whereas quantal contents in lincomycin, polymyxin B and clindamycin lay between values found in magnesium and in tubocurarine. Control quantal content was 152. In the presence of a mixture of magnesium and tubocurarine, no m.e.p.p. could be recorded and quantal content was 39. Blockade of twitches by a mixture of magnesium and tubocurarine was more successfully reversed by a mixture of calcium and neostigmine (to 70% of control) than by either calcium (to 49% of control) or by neostigmine (to 30% of control) alone. Lincomycin- and polymyxin B-induced blockades were poorly reversed by a mixture of the two reversal agents. It is concluded that streptomycin has a magnesium-like action whereas lincomycin, clindamycin and polymyxin B have relatively greater postjunctional and less prejunctional blocking activities. However, the effects of lincomycin and polymyxin B were not analogous to those of a tubocurarine-magnesium mixture, and their mechanism of action is still unclear. Clindamycin produced effects compatible with local anaesthetic activity. ER  - 
Postoperative care for neurosurgery in ICU (I). Neuropathology after craniotomy; In the postoperative care of neurosurgery patients a thorough understanding must be gained of the special features of neurosurgery, especially carniotomy, and pathophysiology of the brain, especially the special characteristics of brain circulation and the pathology of brain edema. It must be noted that the physiology of normal brain circulation especially autoregulation cannot be directly applied to the brain after craniotomy and that hypoxia, post hypoxic state, and luxury perfusion exist as the possible factors by which autoregulation is lost. As for the mechanism of blood-brain barrier, the existence of tight junction in the capillary endothelium of the brain and the function of astroglia have been rather extensively elucidated not only anatomically but also physiologically. In view of the function of the blood-brain barrier, it is necessary to administer fluids and antibiotics. Description is made of recent studies on teh protective action of barbiturate against hypoxia of the brain to control the unbalance at onset of brain edema when there is a depression of energy production despite the increased consumption of oxygen by the brain. In analyzing the mechanism of the prophylactic effect of barbiturate against brain edema and the brain protective action of barbiturates inhibition of metabolism, decrease in capillary pressure of the brain, elevation of osmotic pressure of the brain, and correction of osmotic pressure were observed. ER  - 
Clindamycin and lincomycin alter miniature endplate current decay; Antibiotic-induced paralysis has frequently been found in both experimental animals and man with three distinct classes of antibiotic: streptomycin and related aminoglycoside compounds, polymyxins and tetracyclines. Recently lincomycin and its chemical congener, clindamycin, have been reported to produce muscle paralysis which has different characteristics from those seen with other classes of antibiotic. Although closely related in chemical structure, lincomycin and clindamycin also seem to produce muscle paralysis by different mechanisms. Clindamycin is considered to exert a direct depressant action on muscle contractility whereas the action of lincomycin is considered to be primarily a depression of neuromuscular transmission. The authors report here that each of these antibiotics had a significant but different influence on endplate channel behaviour. Clindamycin increased the rate of miniature endplate current (m.e.p.c.) decay and reduced its voltage sensitivity without altering its exponential nature. Lincomycin split m.e.p.c. decay into an initial rapid phase followed by a prolonged phase. ER  - 
Effect of intravenously infused dexamethasone on collagen metabolism in skin of merino sheep.; The effects of an 8-day intravenous infusion of dexamethasone (7.6 mg kg-0.75 body weight) on collagen biosynthesis and wool growth in skin were examined in four Merino wethers. Plasma dexamethasone concentrations reached their peaks during the first 24 h infusion, which were followed by relatively stable levels (c. 1 X 10(-7) M) for the next 4--5 days. Minor increases in plasma dexamethasone levels were recorded during the final 2 days of treatment. Dexamethasone concentrations quickly fell below the level of detection once infusion ceased. Marked decreases in the wet weight, thickness and protein content of skin were observed at the end of infusion. DNA content was reduced to 42.4 +/- 4.9% s.e.m. during the first 2 days of treatment, but in the next 4 days of infusion gradually increased to 85.0 +/0 12.5% of controls. The level of collagen (expressed as hydroxyproline content of its acid hydrolysate) was elevated throughout the infusion and then gradually declined in 3 weeks to about 60% of controls. The biosynthesis of collagen measured by the rate of [14C]hydroxyproline formation and the activity of proline, 2-oxoglutarate dioxygenase (EC 1.14.11.2. formerly prolyl hydroxylase) was reduced during the first half of treatment to a greater extent than the rate of [14C]proline incorporation into proteins. Wool growth was reduced by 80.4 +/- 11.6% in the post-infusion period which allowed three sheep out of four to be defleeced. Inhibition of collagen biosynthesis in sheep skin was due initially to a decrease in the activity of proline, 2-oxoglutarate dioxygenase and later to the reduced rate of proline incorporation into proteins. It was also evident that changes in biosynthetic rate of collagen were not reflected in the total level of skin collagen. The extent of wool growth depression in individual animals paralleled the changes in DNA content and the extent of collagen biosynthesis inhibition. ER  - 
Analgesics and psychotropic drugs for chronic benign pain; Start with paracetamol, acetylsalicylic acid, or phenazone (antipyrine) 0.5-1 g 3-4 times daily. When the pain is more intense, combine paracetamol or acetylsalicylic acid 1 g with codeine 30-60 g 4 times daily, paracetamol or acetylsalicylic acid 1 g with pentazocine 25-50 mg 4-6 times daily, or phenazone (antipyrine) 1 g with dextropropoxyphene napsylate 100 mg or dextropropoxyphene chloride 70 mg 3 times daily. Add to these, especially for insomnia, night pain, or low pain tolerance, amitriptyline or trimipramine 25-100 mg and possible levomepromazine 5-25 mg in the evening. Anxiety and depression should be treated with a tricyclic antidepressant with a dimethylamino group 25-100 mg in the evening, or fluphenazine, haloperidol, flupenthixol 0.5-1 mg twice daily or chlorprothixene 5-15 mg 3 times daily. These patients must avoid daily use of benzodiazepines, barbiturates and alcohol. ER  - 
Analgesics and psychotropic drugs for cancer pain; Start with paracetamol, acetysalicylic acid, or phenazone (antipyrine) 1 g 3-4 times daily. When necessary, add codeine 30-100 mg, pentazocine 25-100 mg, or dextropropoxyphene napsylate 100-200 mg (or dextropropoxyphene chloride 70-140 mg) 4 times daily. For anxiety, depression, insomnia or night pain add amitriptyline or trimipramine 25-50 mg and levomepromazine 5-25 mg in the evening. For severe anxiety or panic reaction, give diazepam 5-15 mg intravenously or orally 3-4 times daily. Severe cancer pain unrelieved by other means: Pain cocktail with methadone 5, 10, 20 and up to 40 mg added to 20 ml of paracetamol solution given orally 4-6 times daily for 2-4 days, thereafter 3-4 times daily. Methadone may be replaced with morphine in doses from 10 to 90 mg in 20 ml solution, but a morphine pain cocktail must be given regularly every 4 hours. When oral medication is impossible, 50-75% of the methadone dose or 25% of the morphine dose should be given intramuscularly. Give prednisone 5-10 mg 3 times daily or naproxene 250 mg twice daily for painful bone metastases. Give haloperidol, fluphenazine, or flupenthixol 0.5-1 mg 2-3 times daily for hallucinations. Give prochlorperazine 5-10 mg 4 times daily or levomepromazine 10-25 mg in the evening for nausea. When the patient is suffering from severe depression or apathy, try cocaine chloride 10 mg orally 3 times daily. ER  - 
Tetracyclines and host defense mechanisms: Interference with leukocyte chemotaxis; The influence of 2 tetracycline preparations, lymecycline and doxycycline, on leukocyte chemotaxis, was investigated in vitro and in vivo. Doxycycline in high concentrations caused a severe depression of both spontaneous and induced migration, an effect which was more pronounced than that caused by similar concentration of lymecycline. Corresponding results were obtained both in experiments on healthy volunteers given recommended dosages of the antibiotics, and in patients treated with doxycycline for postoperative infections. ER  - 
The effect of topical application of antibiotics on the cerebral cortex. An experimental update; A common complication of intrathecal sepsis is the development of clinical seizure activity. However, some of the newer, commonly used antibiotics may have epileptogenic and electrocortical depressant effects when applied topically to the cerebral cortex. Epileptogenic characteristics of these antibiotics may be masked by the known tendency for intracranial sepsis to produce both early and late clinical seizure problems. In this experimental study, electrocortical spike activity was produced by penicillin, methicillin, cephalothin, carbenicillin, colistimethate, and neomycin, and electrocortical depression was caused by tobramycin and gentamicin. A mixed picture was found with neomycin and carbenicillin. ER  - 
Prevention of hypoxia-induced liver damage by three-day glucocorticoid administration; The effects of 3-day pretreatment of cats with the synthetic glucocorticoid, dexamethasone, was examined in vitro using isolated cat liver preparations perfused with a blood-free medium at a constant flow rate. In both the vehicle and steroid-treated cats, hypoxia did not have an effect on perfusion pressure or shunt flow. However, cellular integrity in the vehicle-treated livers was severely compromised, as reflected by increases in perfusate lactic acid dehydrogenase, amino nitrogen and cathepsin D activities, and increases in tissue lysosomal fragility, and enlargement and vacuolization of hepatocyte lysosomes. However, 3 days of dexamethasone treatment altered the in vitro response of the liver to hypoxia by effectively preventing the hypoxia-induced hepatic changes. Furthermore, steroid pretreatment did not have an inhibitory effect on in vitro phagocytic activity of the liver, but did prevent the hypoxic-induced depression of the hepatic reticuloendothelial system. These results indicate that glucocorticoids exert a lysosomal stabilization and suggest that glucocorticoids can induce prolonged in vitro stabilization of cellular membranes in response to the challenge of hypoxic stress. ER  - 
Mode of action of ticlopidine in inhibition of platelet aggregation in the rat.; Ticlopidine, when orally administered to rats, resulted in activation of basal and prostaglandin E1 (PGE1)-stimulated adenylate cylase activity through increase in affinity of the cyclase in platelet membrane to PGE1, although it failed to affect adenosine- or sodium fluoride-stimulated activity of the enzyme. In washed platelets, Ticlopidine also activated basal and PGE1-stimulated activity of the cyclase and prevented reduction in the cyclase activity caused by low concentrations of PGE2. Furthermore, Ticlopidine inhibited malondialdehyde formation in platelets induced by thrombin but failed to inhibit that caused by exogenous arachidonic acid. Adenosine 3',5'-cyclic monophosphate (c-AMP): phosphodiesterase activity of platelet lysate was not significantly affected by Ticlopidine treatment. These findings indicate that Ticlopidine inhibits platelet aggregation and prostaglandin synthesis from endogenous substrate through activating basal and PGE1-stimulated activity of the cyclase, preventing PGE2-induced depression of the cyclase activity and thus increasing platelet c-AMP level. ER  - 
Effect of burn injury, mechanical trauma, and operation on immune defenses; This article is a concise summary of major contributions related to the depressed immune defenses that follow burn trauma, mechanical injury and operation. The important practical effect of this reduction is increased susceptibility to infection. The methods by which the depression can be assessed are described; they include measurements of phagocytic function, humoral and cell-mediated immunity. Immune function can be decreased by other factors such as age, nutrition, previous disease, radiation therapy, steroids, chemotherapy, antibiotics and anesthesia. The effects of burns, trauma or operation on humoral immunity have been studied in less detail than the effects on cell-mediated immunity or on phagocytic activity. The author, after his brief but comprehensive summary of clinical and experimental observations, emphasizes the difficulty of accurate comparison of clinical patients and the consequent need for further experimental studies. (Welch - Boston, Mass.) ER  - 
Epiglottitis and pulmonary oedema in children; Three patients with epiglottitis who developed pulmonary oedema during the course of treatment with nasotracheal intubation and antibiotics are presented. The exact mechanism for the development of pulmonary oedema in these patients is not known. Possible mechanisms are change in the physical factors controlling the movement of fluids across the capillary-alveolar membrane, transitory bacteraemia and endotoxinaemia, or myocardial depression by the antibiotics and the anaesthetic agent. The pulmonary oedema had a benign course and responded to mechanical ventilation and increased airway pressure. ER  - 
Effects of certain antibiotics on isometric contractions of isolated rat heart muscle; The direct effects of potassium-penicillin-G, kanamycin, streptomycin and chloramphenicol on isometric contraction of isolated rat heart muscle were examined. Potassium-penicillin-G did not depress myocardial contractility but rather increased it. Those increases are not due to penicillin itself but due to a small amount of K+ in potassium-penicillin-G. Kanamycin and streptomycin did show not only direct myocardial depressant effects but concentration-dependent depressions. The depression produced by kanamycin could be restored to normal by adding Ca++ to the bath solution. Chloramphenicol did not show any significant concentration-dependent depression in the authors' studies. It is concluded that it is important to be aware of the potential depression of cardiac function by antibiotics, particularly in patients who have diminished cardiac reserve and who are undergoing surgical procedures under anesthesia which may also depress cardiac function. ER  - 
Neuromuscular and cardiovascular depression produced by prolonged exposure to polymyxin B; It has been reported previously that in cats pre-treatment for 24 to 48 hr with neomycin sulphate resulted in a change in the pattern of neuromuscular block subsequently produced with this antibiotic. The unique characteristics of neomycin-induced neuromuscular block observed during acute exposure gave way to a pattern of block usually observed with tubocurarine. In a similar experiment on six cats, it has been demonstrated that with polymyxin B prolonged exposure did not result in a comparable time-dependent change in the nature of the neuromuscular block it produced, in terms of train-of-four, tetanic, and post-tetanic behaviour of the neurally-elicited muscle response. The differing characteristics of neuromuscular block seen with various antibiotics, e.g., the aminoglycoside neomycin as opposed to the polypeptide polymyxin B, during acute and sub-chronic exposure are stressed. Previously observed ability of 4 aminopyridine 0.6 mg/kg to reverse the neuromuscular and cardiovascular depression during acute exposure to polymyxin B persisted in prolonged exposure. ER  - 
Effect of antibiotics on chemotaxis of human polymorphonuclear leucocytes in vitro; The effect of 20 different antibiotics on chemotaxis in vitro by human neutrophils was studied. A recently developed agarose gel technique was used. Human leucocytes incubated with rifampin and sodium fusidate showed markedly depressed directional migration. This effect was obvious at clinically obtainable concentrations. However, the albumin binding for fusidic acid is high and this may reduce the in vivo effect on chemotaxis of this drug. Thus, whether this impairment of neutrophil function also takes place in vivo remains unknown. At high concentrations there was a definite depression for newer well absorbed tetracyclines and a less pronounced inhibition for classical tetracycline chloride. A slightly to moderately depressive effect was detected at high concentration for chloramphenicol, erythromycin and nitrofurantoin. The incorporation of 14C-leucine into a trichloro-acetic acid-insoluble form by human neutrophils was markedly depressed by rifampin, sodium fusidate and newer well absorbed tetracyclines and slightly depressed by classical tetracycline and nitrofurantoin. It is suggested that some antibiotics acting by protein synthesis inhibition also affect chemotaxis of human neutrophil leucocytes. There was a tendency to inhibition but no statistically significant depression of chemotaxis and leucine incorporation for gentamicin and clindamycin. No apparent inhibition of neither chemotaxis nor leucine incorporation could be detected for penicillins, cephalosporins, nalidixic acid, sulfametoxazol and trimethoprim. ER  - 
Lead poisoning caused by car traffic; According to experience in occupational medicine, prolonged exposure to small quantities of lead can lead to nervous symptoms: headache, tiredness, vague gastrointestinal disorders, depression and, as a result of these, misuse of medication. The author's own findings have shown that such disorders occur much more frequently in those living near a main road than in those living in areas free from motor traffic. When such patients were treated with calcium EDTA (to chelate the lead) the symptoms disappeared. At the same time the levels of delta aminolevulinic acid became normal and increased quantities of lead were excreted in the urine. Over a period of observation of 12 yr, 11% of those living near roads died of cancer, while only 1.2% of those living away from the influence of road traffic died from this cause. Almost without exception, these figures concern patients who had previously received no treatment with calcium EDTA. This, together with many reports in the literature, leads to the assumption that the lead in auto fuel influences the occurrence of malignant disease. ER  - 
Incidence and severity of experimental allergic encephalomyelitis and cerebral prostaglandin synthesis in essential fatty acid deficient and aspirin-treated rats; Experimental allergic encephalomyelitis (EAE) was induced in rats of the Lewis strain fed diets adequate or deficient in essential fatty acids (EFA). After induction of the disease, the diets were supplemented with aspirin (3.75 g/kg diet), and the effects of the drug on the course of EAE and on the synthesis of prostaglandin F(PGF) by brain slices from diseased animals and their Freund controls were examined. Aspirin supplementation delayed the onset of EAE in both dietary groups. EFA-deficient rats experienced an incidence and severity of the disease similar to that of aspirin-free, EFA-deficient rats, while the EFA-adequate group showed a greater severity but not an increased incidence, compared to aspirin-free controls. Aspirin treatment led to an increased PGF production by brain slices from rats on either diet and not subjected to an immunochallenge,. When the diet was deficient in EFA, challenge with antigen plus adjuvant or adjuvant alone tended to decrease PGF synthesis by brain slices, and when the diet was adequate in EFA, immunochallenge caused a marked depression on PGF synthesis. It was concluded that the PG synthetase inhibitor aspirin can alter the course of EAE in the rat, providing further evidence that PGs or related metabolites may be involved in the immune response in this disease. ER  - 
Alterations induced in heme pathway enzymes and monooxygenases by gold; In this study, the effects of the gold compound, gold sodium thiomalate, on the heme biosynthetic pathway, on cytochrome P-450-dependent monooxygenases, and on heme catabolism were examined. The addition of the gold compoud, in vitro, resulted in the inhibition of hepatic δ-aminolevulinic acid dehydratase, NADPH-cytochrome c reductase, and ethylmorphine N-demethylase activities. There was also a slight decrease in cytochrome P-450 content. Gold was a noncompetitive inhibitor of both δ-aminolevulinic acid dehydratase and ethylmorphine N-demethylase activities. Gold sodium thiomalate, administered acutely, altered heme biosynthetic pathway enzymes in erythrocytes, liver, and kidney. Erythrocyte δ-aminolevulinic acid dehydratase activity was decreased with a concomitant increase in protoporphyrin content. In the liver δ-aminolevulinic acid dehydratase and ferrochelatase activities were significantly inhibited and the microsomal heme content was significantly decreased. In the kidney, the major site of gold deposition, the activities of δ-aminolevulinic acid synthase, δ-aminolevulinic acid dehydratase, and ferrochelatase were markedly inhibited and total porphyrin content was markedly decreased. After acute gold treatment, monooxygenase activities in liver and kidney were decreased. Cytochrome P-450 content of both tissues decreased significantly and ethylmorphine N-demethylase and benzo(a)pyrene hydroxylase activities were both inhibited. NADPH-cytochrome c reductase activity, however, was not altered. In contrast to its inhibitory effects on the heme biosynthetic pathway and cytochrome P-450-dependent monooxygenases, gold caused a 1.5- and 8-fold induction in the liver and kidney, respectively, of microsomal heme oxygenase activity, the rate-limiting enzyme in the catabolism of heme. There was no change in any of the parameters in the liver or erythrocytes after chronic treatment with gold. In the kidney, δ-aminolevulinic acid dehydratase activity and total porphyrins were significantly decreased. However, as in the liver, cytochrome P-450 content was not significantly altered. These results indicate that an adaptive response develops during chronic gold treatment which prevents the depression of heme biosynthesis and the formation of cytochrome P-450. ER  - 
Experimental lead intoxication in dogs: A comparison of blood lead and urinary delta-aminolevulinic acid following intoxication and chelation therapy; Intravenous lead administration to dogs produced an acute syndrome of lead intoxication characterized by depression, vomiting, anorexia and weight loss. The effect of chelation therapy with calcium disodium ethylene disamine tetraacetate, penicillamine or both was determined by serially monitoring changes in blood lead and urine delta-aminolevulinic acid. Following therapy, blood lead values were significantly lower in chelated dogs than non-treated lead exposed dogs on days 7 and 10. Urine delta-aminolevulinic acid at day 7 was significantly higher in untreated lead exposed dogs than in other groups. There was no significant difference in blood lead or urine delta-aminolevulinic acid excretion in those intoxicated dogs undergoing calcium disodium ethylene diamine tetraacetate therapy as opposed to those undergoing penicillamine therapy. There was no significant correlation between blood lead and urinary delta-aminolevulinic acid previous to lead exposure. However, after lead exposure significant correlation was present at days 4, 7, 10 and 14. Certain lead exposed dogs following chelation therapy were noted to have normal blood lead levels but elevated urinary delta-aminolevulinic acid suggesting that blood lead does not always correlate with metabolic effects of lead in the body. Urinary delta-aminolevulinic acid was therefore recommended as an additional laboratory parameter which improved assessment of lead exposure in dogs, particularly in determining adequacy of chelation therapy. ER  - 
Cortisol level in the plasma of patients with affective illness and its correlation with tryptophan and 5-hydroxyindolacetic acid levels; Cortisol concentration was determined in the morning and at night in the blood of 17 patients with simple depression and 18 normal subjects, and its correlation with the blood levels of tryptophan and the urine levels of 5-hydroxyindolacetic acid was investigated. The patients were receiving amitryptiline in daily doses of 200-300 mg. The patients showed no increased cortisol secretion as compared with the controls, but those patients who were improved under amitryptiline treatment showed decreased cortisol concentration in the morning and at night, and a lower ratio of that concentration. At the same time they showed increased 5-hydroxyindolacetic acid secretion and an increased proportion of free tryptophan as compared with the proportion of plasma-protein-bound tryptophan. In patients who had not improved under amitryptiline treatment, the biochemical parameters so determined were not unambiguously correlated. The findings of this study point to the role of serotoninenergic mechanisms in the central regulation of cortisol secretion. ER  - 
The general pharmacology of prostacyclin (PGI2. PGX): a new prostaglandin especially active on the cardiovascular system; Prostacyclin is a new prostaglandin first demonstrated as a product of arterial microsomes and prostaglandin endoperoxide intermediates. The potential to form prostacyclin has now been demonstrated in many organs. It inhibits platelet aggregation, inhibits gastric acid secretion, stimulates the monkey but not the rat uterus in vivo, is a bronchodilator, is a vasodepressor on both systemic and pulmonary circulation, increases cardiac output and markedly decreases peripheral resistance. It reduced progesterone in pregnant hamsters but is not luteolytic in non-pregnant monkeys. In rats, iv infusion of 0.56 but not 1 mg/kg day was tolerated without overt central nervous system depression. The depressor effect of iv infusions of prostacyclin in anesthetized rats was partially antagonized by a pressor reaction eliminated by nephrectomy, an effect not seen during infusions of prostaglandin. ER  - 
Depression of amino acid transport in cultured rat hepatocytes by purified enterotoxin from Clostridium perfringens; Rat liver parenchymal cells (hepatocytes) were isolated by a collagenase perfusion technique and maintained as monolayers in serum-free medium in collagen coated culture dishes. Glucagon, in combination with dexamethasone, induced α-aminoisobutyric acid transport in these cells. Addition of purified C. perfringens enterotoxin to hepatocytes preinduced by glucagon and dexamethasone rapidly depressed (but did not abolish) α-aminoisobutyric acid transport. The toxin effect was dose dependent: 1000 or 300 ng/ml produced maximal depression whereas 100 or 40 ng/ml were without effect in 120 minutes. The effect was eliminated by pretreating the toxin with heat or specific antisera. The effect of enterotoxin on α-aminobutyric acid transport in two cultured rat hepatoma cell lines (H4-II-E-C3 and McA-RH 7777) was also investigated. Only the McA-RH 7777 cells were sensitive to the toxin suggesting that the enterotoxin may interact with specific membrane components of normal rat liver cells which are also present on some (but not all) cancerous rat liver cells. ER  - 
Inhibition of human granulocyte function by methotrexate; Patients receiving cytotoxic drugs are at an increase risk of bacterial infection. Drug-induced leukopenia may be responsible for depression of host defenses; however, there is little information concerning the qualitative effects, if any, of cytotoxic agents on granulocyte antibacterial activity. Since methotrexate is now being used in massive doses in vitro, the authors investigated the effects of this drug on antibacterial and metabolic functions of normal polymorphonuclear leukocytes in vitro. Phagocytosis, quantitative protein iodination, and staphylococcal killing of normal polymorphonuclear leukocytes were found to decrease with exposure to increasing concentrations of methotrexate. The effects of methotrexate on these cell functions were rapid in onset and readily reversed by washing the cells, suggesting a locus of action on the cell membrane rather than at the level of nucleic acid synthesis. Exposure of cells to similar concentrations of folic acid or folinic acid produced no impairment of bacterial phagocytosis, suggesting that the observed effects are specific for methotrexate. The concentrations of methotrexate that produced these impairments are readily achieved in vivo and may alter antibacterial defenses in patients receiving this therapy. ER  - 
Renal concentration gradients of saicylic acid and its metabolic congeners in the dog; Salicylic acid and its principal metabolic product, salicyluric acid, are ultrafiltered at the glomeruli, secreted by the proximal segment and undergo back diffusion; the net effect being an accumulation of salicylates in the cortex. The back diffusion of salicylate is pH-sensitive (salicylurate is not) and its secretion is less sensitive than that of salicylurate to depression by probenecid. There was an increasing concentration gradient of these salicylates from outer cortex to innermost medulla. The clearance of salicyluric acid exceeded glomerular filtration rate even at very low urine flow and was not pH-dependent, so that total salicylate accumulation in the medulla was less affected by adjustment of urinary pH. Increasing perfusion of the nephron markedly reduced the inner medulla/cortical concentration ratios and segmental concentrations of salt and urea and reduced the cortical concentrations of salicylates. Diuresis may decrease the medullary concentration of salicylates, depending on the rate and duration of increased urine flow. ER  - 
The effect of various antibiotics on the formation of typhus antibodies following immunization with typhus vaccine; It was shown that administration in the course of one week, before or after a single use of killed or chemical typhoid vaccine of dibiomycin, biomycin, or biomycin in combination with erythromycin in comparatively high doses produced no negative effect of the production of typhus antibodies and the intensity of antitoxic immunity in albino mice. The same antibiotics failed to influence the antibody formation in guinea pigs if they produced no toxic effect on the animals; but in case of development of toxic phenomena connected with the administration of the mentioned antibiotics a strong depression of antibody production was observed in guinea pigs. ER  - 
General pharmacology of (+)-octanoylcarnitine chloride; (+)-Octanoylcarnitine chloride, which has been proved to be antiketogenic experimentally, was investigated from a viewpoint of side effects employing several pharmacological experimental methods in vitro and in vivo. The results are summarized as follows. (+)-Octanoylcarnitine chloride had no effect on the central nervous system. It had no effect on the respiratory movement. It showed a slight ganglion blocking action like hexamethonium and had a vasodilating effect with increase of peripheral blood flow and depression of blood pressure at the large doses. It had a tendency to decrease the heart rate and had no effect on the ECG. It had a very slight atropine-like action and caused a depression of gastrointestinal movements. No influence on bile flow or gastric acid secretion was noted. It slightly inhibited the contractile movement of skeletal muscle at the large doses. It had less effect on the urination. It reduced the PSP excretion at a large daily dose for consecutive 14 days. However, the effect was reversible and of no influence on the urine concentrating capacity. ER  - 
Cell surface changes associated with aging of chick embryo fibroblasts in culture; Using cultured chick embryo fibroblasts with a finite life span in vitro, the cellular agglutinability by concanavalin A (ConA) and the cellular capacity to bind [3H]ConA have been investigated in the course of serial subcultivations. The following results were obtained: The sensitivity of the EDTA-dissociated cells to ConA-mediated agglutination was found to decrease with the advance of subcultivation. The agglutinability of the 'aged' cells was markedly enhanced by treating the cells with hyaluronidase, returning back to an agglutinability similar to that of the 'young' cells. On the other hand, the hyaluronidase treatment of the 'young' cells did not affect the sensitivity of the cells to ConA-mediated agglutination without regard to in vitro cellular 'aging'. The [3H]ConA-binding capacity of the cells was found to increase with 'aging' when it was expressed in terms of per cell (or per cellular protein), while it remained nearly constant when expressed in terms of per surface area. These results together with the others seem to suggest that the 'age'-dependent depression in the sensitivity to ConA-mediated agglutination of cultured chick embryo fibroblasts may at least partly be due to hyaluronic acid-protein conjugates likely to be enriched at the cell surface as in vitro cellular 'aging' advances. ER  - 
Pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic implications of longterm administration of nonsteroidal antiinflammatory agents; The present paper deals with findings involving the chronic administration of aspirin for 21 days to healthy volunteers in a daily dose of 60 mg/kg body weight, and a study aimed at investigating a possible pharmacokinetic interaction between aspirin and diclophenac sodium. Steady state salicylic acid plasma levels were reached by day 7 in all the trial subjects receiving aspirin only. These levels had decreased by 50% on day 21 in 5 out of 6 subjects. An analysis of the renal elimination of salicylic acid and its main metabolites following loading doses of aspirin revealed that the subjects in whom a decrease in steady state salicylic acid plasma levels occurred had a more rapid renal clearance rate of total salicylate after chronic ingestion of aspirin when compared with the pretreatment values. The subject who did not exhibit a decrease of steady state salicylic acid plasma levels showed no change in his renal clearance of total salicylate. Pretreatment with diclophenac sodium (1 to 2 weeks) also appeared to enhance the renal elimination of total salicylate. On the other hand, concomitant oral administration of aspirin and diclophenac sodium resulted in significant acute depression of the 'area under curve' of diclophenac serum profiles. The clinical significance of these findings are speculative at present but they seem to indicate that combination therapy with the non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agents is fraught with pharmacokinetic interaction possibilities which may have a deleterious effect upon the pharmacodynamics of one or all of the agents being employed concomitantly. Furthermore, the finding that chronic ingestion of aspirin gives rise to auto-induction of elimination tallies with observations of unexpectedly low steady state salicylic acid plasma levels in patients receiving doses of aspirin in the order of 60 mg/kg daily. ER  - 
Inhibitory effect of streptomycin and related antibiotics on the glutamate receptor of the crayfish neuromuscular junction; The effect of streptomycin, kanamycin and neomycin on the neuromuscular junction of the crayfish was investigated. Bath application and iontophoretic application of streptomycin depressed the excitatory postsynaptic potential (EPSP) and the glutamate potential. The degree of depression of the EPSP by the action of streptomycin was almost the same as that of the glutamate potential. The inhibitory postsynaptic potential and the γ aminobutyric acid potential were not changed by streptomycin. Similar but slightly smaller effects were observed with kanamycin and neomycin. The number of quanta released per impulse was estimated by recording the extracellular EPSP. The quantum content remained almost unchanged during the action of streptomycin, while the quantum size was decreased. The dose response relationship of L glutamate estimated from the iontophoretic application was depressed by streptomycin with no apparent parallel shift of the curve. These results suggest that streptomycin acts on the excitatory postsynaptic membrane and depresses the glutamate receptor but shows no effect on the γ aminobutyric acid receptor. ER  - 
Pharmacokinetic interactions with rifampicin; Rifampicin, a potent antituberculosis agent, is frequently combined with other antituberculosis drugs, or with drugs belonging to entirely different classes which may be required during a longer period of antituberculous treatment, and therefore has a potential for drug interactions of practical clinical importance. The absorption of rifampicin is markedly decreased when it is simultaneously administered with para aminosalicylic acid granules, due to adsorption by an excipient, bentonite. Several clinical observations and investigations have indicated that rifampicin itself accelerates the metabolism of various other compounds, including oral anticoagulants, the contraceptive pill, oral hypoglycaemic agents and digitoxin. Rifampicin seems to be a potent inducer of drug metabolism in humans and it causes a proliferation of the smooth endoplasmatic reticulum and an increase of cytochrome P450 content in the liver. It also increases its own rate of desacetylation. However, of the test compounds hexobarbitone and tolbutamide, the metabolic clearance increased 2 to 3 fold following rifampicin treatment, whereas antipyrine clearance was unaltered. This indicates that there is a certain selectivity in the enzyme induction effect of rifampicin, although it remains unclear which compound will and which will not be affected. Rifampicin may also possibly interfere with hepatic uptake of other compounds, but the clinical significance of this type of interaction has not been clearly demonstrated. On the other hand, oral probenecid significantly increases the serum level of rifampicin, probably due to a similar depression of hepatic uptake. ER  - 
Effects of furosemide on glomerular filtration rate and clearance of practolol, digoxin, cephaloridine, and gentamicin; Furosemide was shown to decrease insulin clearance in 20 of 27 normal subjects. The depression in inulin clearance occurred in both water-loaded and non-water-loaded subjects. The renal clearance of practolol, but not from digoxin, was reduced when furosemide was given. The average total plasma clearances of gentamicin and of cephaloridine over a 6-hr. period were decreased after furosemide. The reduced clearances of the antibiotics were associated with higher plasma levels, the increase in antibiotic concentration being as much as 100% at 1 hr. after an intravenous bolus injection. ER  - 
Treatment of radiation affections of the urinary bladder; Treatment of radiation affections of the urinary tract presents considerable difficulties due to profound destructive-degenerative changes in their wall and depression of repair processes in tissues. The authors report on the successful treatment of 158 patients with various radiation affections of the urinary bladder; they applied the conservative method, including measures directed at the increase of general resistance of the organism and local action on the repair regeneration with pharmacological stimuli. The therapeutic mixture consisting of a 0.9% metacyl solution, novocain, hydrocortisone, vitamin B12 and antibiotics was administered intravesically, transvaginally and prevesically. The use of this method permitted recovery in 85% of the patients in the course of 1 to 3 months. The same principles were applied in surgical treatment, particularly in the patients with ulcers with protracted healing. ER  - 
The influence of pH on the effects of organic anions in frog skeletal muscle; The depressant effect of acidity on twitches and K contractures in frog skeletal muscle was greatly accentuated in the presence of organic anions, particularly anions such as butyrate, which also reduced these responses at neutral pH. Conversely, alkaline pH antagonized the depression of contractile responses by butyrate. Most of the effects of acid pH were rapid in onset and were accomplished without any change in membrane resting or action potentials, although depolarization developed in the presence of carboxylate anions when pH was reduced below 6.0. Simultaneous variation in pH and butyrate concentration showed that the undissociated acid exerted a prominent depressant effect only when its concentration reached 1-10 mM, and that the marked depressant action of butyrate at neutral pH was produced primarily by the dissociated anion. Similar experiments showed that the dissociated anion also was largely responsible for the enhanced depolarizing effect of acidity in medium containing carboxylates. ER  - 
The effect of BSP and rifamycin on the excretion of warfarin in the bile of the rat; Metabolites of warfarin are excreted in the bile of rats; 1 hr after the i.v. injection of 14C-warfarin (1 mg/kg) in male Sprague-Dawley rats, radioactivity was excreted in the bile at a concentration of about 19 nmoles/ml and at a rate of 0.53 nmoles/min. When BSP was injected 60 min after the 14C-warfarin, there was a decrease in the excretion of radioactivity. The greatest depression occurred within 15-20 min when the concentration of radioactivity in the bile and the rate of excretion was reduced to about one-third the preinjection level. As the BSP was eliminated from the plasma the excretion of radioactivity returned to normal. The injection of Rifamycin 60 min after warfarin also reduced the rate of excretion of warfarin to about one-third the pre-injection rate but it did not return to normal within an hr at which time the experiment was terminated. Antibiotics, as well as drugs from other classes, were tested for potential interactions affecting the excretion of warfarin. ER  - 
Metabolic and hormonal changes after surgery: hyperinsulinaemia during glucose infusion; Serial measurements of blood and urinary hormones and metabolites were made on eleven patients before and after abdominal surgery. A complete nitrogen balance on three patients showed that after the operation there was a net loss of nitrogen equivalent to about 50 g protein per day for 5-6 days. This period coincided with elevated fasting plasma levels of glucagon and non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA); and elevated 24 h urinary excretion of free cortisol and 17OH-corticosteroids; total plasma amino acid levels were diminished but the concentrations of the branched-chain amino acids were increased. Fasting plasma concentrations of glucose, insulin and cortisol were increased only on day 1 after the operation. A 2 h glucose infusion (0.35 g kg-1 h -1) was carried out on each patient on day 1 and on 'recovery' (9-21 days). The mean glucose levels reached (12.1 mmol and 10.3 mmol/l, respectively) did not differ significantly; they were much higher than in young normal subjects (6.1 mmol/l). Glucose infusions, both on day 1 and on 'recovery' resulted in significant depression of glucagon and NEFA levels. Plasma insulin levels during glucose infusion were significantly higher on day 1 than on 'recovery' suggesting improving sensitivity to insulin. Possible explanations are discussed. Attention is drawn to the practical implications of the choice of nutrients in the parenteral nutrition of postoperative patients. ER  - 
Aminoglycoside nephrotoxicity. I. Effects of aminoglycoside antibiotics on iodohippurate accumulation in rabbit renal cortical slices; The effects of aminoglycoside antibiotics on the accumulation of O-125I-hippurate (OIH) in rabbit renal cortical slices were assessed in an attempt to establish an in vitro model for aminoglycoside nephrotoxicity. Accumulation of OIH was measured after incubation of cortex slices in media containing aminoglycosides in different concentrations. All aminoglycosides depressed OIH accumulation in the following minimum concentrations: Dihydrostreptomycin and kanamycin, 2,000 μg/ml (P<0.01); streptomycin and neomycin, 1,000 μg/ml (P<0.05 and P<0.01); amikacin and tobramycin, 300 μg/ml (P<0.05); gentamicin, 100 μg/ml (P<0.05). A concentration of 2,000 μg/ml caused the following reduction in OIH accumulation: Dihydrostreptomycin, 19.3%; streptomycin, 28.9%; kanamycin, 23.8%; neomycin, 62.5%; gentamicin, 68.0%; amikacin and tobramycin, 100%. Changes in pH of the incubation media after addition of aminoglycosides were only partially responsible for the observed depression of OIH accumulation and there was no evidence of substrate competition between aminoglycosides and OIH. The in vitro model described here appears to be inadequate as a sole predictor of aminoglycoside nephrotoxicity, but may provide a supplementary tool in the investigation of aminoglycoside proximal tubular cell toxicity. ER  - 
Alteration of hepatic microsomal enzyme systems and the lethal action of non steroidal anti arthritic drugs in acute and chronic models of inflammation; Depression of the hepatic microsomal enzyme system(s) in adjuvant-induced polyarthritis (AIP), a chronic inflammation model, has been confirmed indirectly by the enhancement of hexobarbital Na-induced sleeping time and extended for the first time to zoxazolamine-induced paralysis. In addition, barbital Na-induced anesthesia was increased during the course of AIP development, indicating that the CNS of these rats appears to be more sensitive to drug effects, since this barbiturate is excreted virtually unmetabolized. Most likely because of these effects, LD50 values for acetylsalicylic acid, phenylbutazone and indomethacin in AIP rats decreased in terms of mg/kg (increased toxicity) as the disease became more severe (Day 21) since they are known ultimately to be metabolized by the liver. On the other hand, the toxicity of a new non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agent, meseclazone, was not altered significantly in AIP. This is most likely due to the fact that its near total conversion to 5-chlorosalicylic acid has been shown to occur by hydrolytic cleavage as it passes through the intestinal wall with little hepatic involvement. Finally, carrageenan edema, a model of acute inflammation, did not affect barbiturate sleeping times or zoxazolamine paralysis, nor were any of these drugs studied more lethal in this disease state. ER  - 
Effects of furosemide on glomerular filtration rate and clearance of practolol, digoxin, cephaloridine, and gentamicin; Furosemide was shown to decrease inulin clearance in 20 of 27 normal subjects. The depression in inulin clearance occurred in both water-loaded and non-water-loaded subjects. The renal clearance of practolol, but not digoxin, was reduced when furosemide was given. The average total plasma clearances of gentamicin and of cephaloridine over a 6-hr period were decreased after furosemide. The reduced clearances of the antibiotics were associated with higher plasma levels, the increase in antibiotic concentration being as much as 100% at 1 hr after an intravenous bolus injection. ER  - 
Toxic immunodepression; Considering immuno-depression due to drug toxicity we have to mind the whole range of nitrogen mustards (e.g. cyclophosphamide), anti-metabolites (e.g. methotrexate) and antibiotics (e.g. actinomycin D). All these interfere with DNA formation and inhibit cellular proliferation in the bone marrow, giving rise to the well-known clinical symptoms. The toxic agents discussed in this paper belong to a different category of compounds widely and chronically used clinically,. viz. those that possess membrane tropism because of their liposolubility in the double-lipoid layer of the cellular membrane which have a low acute toxicity. As described by Seeman (1973), this category includes the groups most frequently used in treatment: general anesthetics (volatile), anti-arrhythmic agents (procainamide), anti-hypertensive agents (hydralazine), anti-rheumatic agents (salicylic acid and phenylbutazone), antihistamines (pyribenzamine), hypnotic agents (barbiturates, slow-acting pentobarbital), anticonvulsive agents (phenylhydantoin) and psycho-tropic drugs (chlorpromazine, benzodiazepine, imipramine and the cannabinoids). These substances may be used daily for years without causing clinical signs of immuno-incompetence, although some of them may cause autoimmune manifestations. Drugs implicated in autoimmune disease are: hydralazine, procainamide, isoniazid, sulphonamides, diphenykhydantoin, chlorpromazine, trimethadione, α-methyldopa and nitrofurantoin. ER  - 
Chemotherapy of bronchogenic carcinomas by a combination of cyclophosphamide, methotrexate, vincristin and bleomycin; Thirty-seven patients with primary unresectable bronchogenic carcinoma were treated by a combination, ('E.M.O.B.'), of cyclophosphamide (40 mg/k on day No. 1, or 13.3 mg/k x 3 consecutive days), methotrexate (7.5 mg/m2/dx6 d, given orally for 6 consecutive days from day 21 to 26), Folinic Acid (15 mg/m2, IM, on day 27 at 8 p.m.), vincristin (0.7 mg/m2, IV at 8 a.m. on days 28 and 31) and bleomycin (10 mg/m2, IM at 2 p.m. on days 28 and 31, i.e. 6 hr after vincristin). The response was evaluated on day 48 and a new course started on day 49 if a regression or a stabilisation had been obtained. The 37 cases include 9 small anaplastic carcinomas, 24 squamous cell and large cell anaplastic carcinomas, and 4 cases of undetermined type. 31 patients received almost 1 course of the schedule. Among them, 1 had a complete regression, 5 a regression of more than 50%, 6 a regression of less than 50%, 14 a stabilisation. There were 11 failures. Among 12 objective responders (39%) there were 4 squamous cell carcinomas (22%, median duration: 5 months), and 8 oat cell carcinomas (89%, median duration: 4 months). 4 out of 37 patients (10%) were alive after 1 yr. The toxicity was evaluable in 32 cases representing 77 courses of the schedule: in 3 cases a severe toxicity led to an interruption of the treatment; strong (4 cases) or tolerable (15 cases) toxicity included nausea, vomiting and marrow depression. In 10 cases there were no toxic phenomena (31%). The over all results of this combination are not significantly better than those that may be obtained with cyclophosphamide or methotrexate as single agents or with vincristin and bleomycin in combination. ER  - 
Myocardial depression during sepsis; Sepsis continues to be the major cause of death in our surgical intensive care unit. Despite careful monitoring, aggressive surgery, and the use of specific antibiotics, the mortality of invasive infection has remained between 60 and 70%. Most patients die with sequential multisystem failure resulting from inadequate or maldistributed organ perfusion, despite a normal or elevated cardiac output. Septic patients have an inordinately high incidence of cardiac, renal, and hepatic decompensation. Reported herein is a prospective evaluation of cardiac performance. Objectives were to identify the causes of diminished cardiac reserves and of myocardial depression in sepsis and to develop guidelines for therapy. ER  - 
Neuromuscular blocking properties of tobramycin, dibekacin and ribostamycin in man (author's transl); Neuromuscular blocking properties of tobramycin (Tobracin 60mg), dibekacin (Panmycin 100 mg) and ribostamycin (Vistamycin 1g) were studied in man during anesthesia and surgery by observing the effects of these antibiotics on muscle twitch tension. These antibiotics alone did not show any neuromuscular blocking action in the therapeutic doses. The neuromuscular blocking action of d-tubocurarine chloride was potentiated by the intravenous administration of 1g of ribostamycin. Tobramycin 60mg did not show remarkable effect, but dibekacin 100mg produced a slight potentiating effect on the action of d-tubocurarine. The enhancement of the action of d-tubocurarine was anatagonized by edrophonium and calcium. The action of succinylcholine chloride was not affected by tobramycin or ribostamycin, but it was potentiated transitorily by dibekacin. It is advisable to pay attention to possible respiratory depression when ribostamycin and dibekacin and used in combination with non-depolarizing muscle relaxants and/or anesthetics. ER  - 
Interaction of halothane and antibiotics on isometric contractions on rat heart muscle; Halothane (H), kanamycin (KM), streptomycin (SM), and chloramphenicol (CM) had direct negative inotropic effects on isometric contractions of isolated rat-heart muscles. Potassium penicillin-G did not show any significant changes in isometric contractions. The depression produced by these antibiotics was characterized by an abrupt onset, rapid progression, and rapid complete recovery, which suggests direct physicochemical rather than metabolic effects. On the other hand, the depression produced by H progressed slowly. When KM, SM, or CM were combined with H, there was a greater depression in isometric contractions than seen in the absence of H, suggesting that the innate characteristics of the antibiotics are augmented when any of them is administered together with halothane. ER  - 
Treatment of acute respiratory insufficiency due to poisoning by hypnotic drugs; Treatment of acute respiratory insufficiency due to poisoning by hypnotic drugs must primarily be directed towards reversing the alveolar hypoventilation arising from the depression of the respiratory centres. This can only be achieved by artificial respiration. Administration of analeptic drugs is obsolete. As there is no primary bronchopulmonary damage, a respiratory rate of 15 p. minute and a minute volume of 8-10 litres should generally be adequate; but the impairment of the cough and other respiratory reflexes caused by the central nervous depression may lead to retention of secretion and atelectasis. Toxic damage to the respiratory epithelium may also prevent elimination of secretion. Treatment of these complications is by intensive physiotherapy, bronchial toilet, repeated inflation of the lungs and aerosol administration. Aspiration pneumonia, a frequent complication caused by the absence of respiratory reflexes, is treated by early bronchial lavage and administration of steroids and antibiotics. Poisoning with non barbiturates or with a combination of hypnotic agents may present special problems, e.g. bromcarbamide, glutethimide and methyprylone may cause sudden apnoea without a premonitory stage of drowsiness, confusion and loss of consciousness; methaqualone, the tricyclic anti depressive drugs and pyrazolone derivatives are liable to produce convulsions which may necessitate curarization and artificial respiration. For preventing pulmonary oedema which is a frequent occurrence in poisoning with bromcarbamide and glutethimide haemodialysis or haemoperfusion are preferable to forced diuresis. In cases of severe bromcarbamide poisoning the fluid balance and clotting mechanism require close attention. Once the 'bromcarbamide lung' has become established therapeutic attempts are unlikely to succeed. Some recently introduced detoxication techniques for treating respiratory insufficiency caused by hypnotic poisoning are reviewed, especially haemoperfusion. They effect rapid elimination of the poisonous agent, thereby reducing the risk of pulmonary damage accompanying prolonged artificial respiration. ER  - 
Alcohol, aspirin, depression, smoking, stress and the patient with a gastric ulcer; It would seem that a gastric ulcer is the product of an interaction between chronic gastritis, the acid (and pepsin) of the gastric juice, and one or more precipitating factors. In a group of 194 consecutive patients with gastric ulceration particular note was made of whether they smoked, drank alcohol, used salicylates, were depressed or had experienced recent stress. There was an extraordinarily high incidence of depression among White women. ER  - 
Placental transfer of clindamycin and gentamicin in term pregnancy; The pharmacokinetics of clindamycin and gentamicin were studied in women given these antibiotics prior to cesarean section. Maternal clindamycin levels were within the normal range and cord levels were within the therapeutic range for this antibiotic. For gentamicin, however, maternal levels were depressed, with a concurrent depression of cord levels. This may have significant implications for the use of gentamicin in maternal and fetomaternal infections. ER  - 
Exocrine pancreatic function in man after treatment with oxytetracycline and chloramphenicol; The exocrine pancreatic function was studied in humans by performing a secretin cholecystokinin test before and after treatment with oxytetracycline or chloramphenicol. In the oxytetracycline treated patients there was a depression of the amylase and lipase outputs in the duodenal secretion, chymotrypsin decreasing only slightly. Administration of chloramphenicol produced a decrease in the amylase output only. After treatment with the two antibiotics the calcium secretion was reduced. The other parameters measured in the duodenal secretion remained essentially unchanged. The enzyme dissociation observed in the present studies is considered to reflect the onset of pancreatic dysfunction due to antibiotic administration. As in the previous animal experiments, the suggested explanation for the changes in enzyme secretion is an inhibition of protein synthesis in the exocrine pancreas due to oxytetracycline and chloramphenicol. ER  - 
Report of a fatal case involing seven drugs; A 46 year old female was found dead approximately 8 hr after ingesting Fiorinal (acetylsalicylic acid, allylbarbituric acid and caffeine), Sparine (promazine), Elavil (amitriptyline) and Tuinal (amobarbital and secobarbital). The significant post mortem findings were: bilateral pulmonary congestion, edema and pleural adhesions. Death was reported due to severe central nervous system and respiratory depression. ER  - 
Inhibition of proteoglycan biosynthesis by hyaluronic acid in chondrocytes in cell culture; The depression of proteoglycan synthesis in ten day old high density chondrocyte cultures was shown to be dependent on both the concentration and time of exposure of the cells to hyaluronic acid. Hyaluronic acid had no effect on the overall protein synthesis by the cultured cells. Using benzyl β D xyloside, an exogenous acceptor, it was shown that glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis by the chondrocytes was not affected by hyaluronic acid. It was concluded that hyaluronic acid was effecting glycosaminoglycan chain initiation, hence proteoglycan biosynthesis, either by specifically depressing the synthesis of the core protein or by repressing the activity of the xylosyltransferase. ER  - 
A comparison of the effect of benzopyrones and other drugs with anti inflammatory properties on acid and neutral protease activity levels in various tissues after thermal injury; Generally, the benzopyrones enhance acid protease activity levels in the edema fluid and the extracellular compartment of the skin. This is the region where thermal injury has its greatest impact. The proteolysis induced by the drugs in this region represents a means of rapidly reducing some of the derangements which the thermal injury has caused. Levamisole also enhanced acid protease activity levels in the serum and extracellular compartment of the skin of rats 6 hr after thermal injury, while Reparil had the same effect at 24 hr. Generally the benzopyrones had little or no effect on neutral protease levels, while levamisole and Reparil caused their depression. The latter effects could possibly be attributed to serum deactivation or to inhibition of their release. The enzyme enhancing activity of these drugs has been shown to correlate remarkably well with their edema reducing ability. Generally, those which increased enzyme activity levels the most were the most effective in reducing the edema. The cells upon which the drugs exert their effects in thermal edema mainly seem to be the macrophages; the fibroblasts seem to be of secondary importance. This is to be contrasted with their action in the initial stages of lymphedema where they are believed to stimulate the neutrophils. The net result of the proteolysis is many small fragments which can rapidly leave the injured tissue thus releasing the edema fluid. ER  - 
Effect of somatostatin on metabolic and hormonal changes induced by nicotinic acid in insulin dependent diabetics; The study investigated the respective influences of nicotinic acid and somatostatin on plasma concentrations of blood glucose, free fatty acids, glucagon, growth hormone and cortisol in insulin dependent diabetic subjects. After administration of nicotinic acid alone, marked depression of plasma FFA was accompanied by significant increases of plasma glucagon, growth hormone and cortisol. The glucagon and growth hormone responses to nicotinic acid were significantly reduced when plasma FFA were raised by intravenous administration of heparin and triglycerides. Somatostatin alone induced a significant decrease in blood glucose, plasma glucagon and growth hormone concentrations. Plasma FFA remained unchanged. Somatostatin did not modify the nicotinic acid induced fall in plasma FFA, but completely blocked the corresponding increments in glucagon and growth hormone. The cortisol rise was not altered by somatostatin. Rebound of glucagon and growth hormone levels were seen upon discontinuation of the somatostatin administration. These results demonstrate that the plasma FFA concentration plays a role in the regulation of glucagon and growth hormone secretion in insulin dependent diabetics. Furthermore, they indicate that somatostatin, previously shown to be capable of negating the stimulatory effect of various factors on glucagon and growth hormone secretion, also affects the response of these hormones to FFA depression. ER  - 
Antihistamines: pharmacology and clinical use; Antihistamines are a diverse group of drugs which possess the ability to inhibit various histaminic actions. By and large, they bear a certain structural resemblance to histamine, and act principally to prevent histamine receptor interaction through competition with histamine for histamine receptors. Consequently, they are helpful therapeutically in preventing, rather than reversing, histaminic actions. Individual antihistaminic drugs act to inhibit histaminic action at one or another histamine receptor (H1 or H2 receptor), but not at both receptors. The large numbers of antihistaminics which have been available for many years and employed chiefly as 'antiallergic' drugs are classified as H1 receptor inhibitors; they are most effective therapeutically in inhibiting manifestations of histamine induced wheal and erythema formation and pruritus. H2 receptor inhibitors, agents which are able to inhibit histamine induced gastric acid secretion, have been developed more recently. Antihistaminics in general and H1 receptor inhibitors in particular, exert a wide variety of pharmacological activities. Their use is frequently accompanied by undesirable side effects, notably CNS depression, dryness of mucous membranes, and gastrointestinal effects. Used judiciously and in proper dosage, antihistaminic drugs are helpful in the control of allergic disorders, allergic rhinitis and urticaria in particular; newly developed H2 receptor inhibitors show therapeutic promise in the treatment of peptic ulceration. ER  - 
Comprehensive care in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.; Once a diagnosis of COPD is suspected, history, physical examination, pulmonary function tests, chest roentgenogram, sputum analysis, and so forth, are useful to assess the severity of obstructive airways diseases. A comprehensive program of care is then outlined (Table 2). General measures include avoidance of infection and inhalants, humidification, and proper rest and diet. Appropriate medications may include bronchodilators, antibiotics, corticosteroids, cromolyn sodium, digitalis, and diuretics. Inhalation therapy as aerosols, IPPB, and supplemental oxygen may be indicated. Physical therapy with postural drainage, exercise reconditioning, and occupational therapy deserve attention. The day-to-day care of the vast majority of patients with COPD is managed by primary care physicians. This systematic approach to pulmonary rehabilitation will yield definite rewards. Patients will feel and perform better. They will note an improved exercise tolerance, leading to increased activities of daily living. They will experience reduction in the frequency and duration of hospitalization as well as a decrease in anxiety and depression with an improved quality of life. ER  - 
Studies on antilipolytic activity of antipyretics. Part I. Influence of sodium salicylate, acetylsalicylic acid, phenazone, aminophenazone, and acetophenidin on lipolysis in fever induced by E. coli pyrogen; The fever induced by E. coli pyrogen (LPS) is accompanied by a rise of FFA and glycerol level. All tested antipyretics inhibited both thermogenesis and lipolysis produced by LPS. These results suggest that the antipyretic effect of antipyretic drugs is not confined to their action on heat dissipating mechanisms, but may also be exerted by a depression of lipid metabolism. ER  - 
Head injuries; Of all head injuries, 42% are estimated to be due to traffic accidents. In a general review of the pathology, clinical course and management, the author points out that injury to the brain is most commonly the result of a collision between brain and skull. In more severe injury the brain may be lacerated, especially against sharp internal bone edges or the free tentorial edge. Immediate transfer to a hospital is obviously necessary in cases of impression fracture or intradural hemorrhage; however, there may be doubts with slighter injuries. The doctor's task is in most instances that of an observer. After the patient has regained consciousness, he should make a neurological examination to establish the base-line situation, paying special attention to presence or absence of weakness, sensory loss, alteration in the reflexes, defects in visual fields, disturbances of speech, and abnormalities in the pupils and ocular movements. After initial diagnosis and treatment the doctor must look for other injuries, such as fractures of the cervical spine and internal injuries. Low blood pressure with a rapid pulse point toward the latter; slowing of the pulse and rising blood pressure, toward increasing intracranial pressure. Supportive measures may include antibiotics in unconscious patients threatened with pneumonia. Meperidine and chlorpromazine can be used in early stages to treat pain and restlessness symptomatically. Morphine is better avoided due to respiratory depression and interference with neurological assessment. Parenteral diazepam can serve well to cut short epileptic manifestations. Osmotic agents or cortisone should be used to combat brain swelling only if intracranial hemorrhage has been excluded. The patient should be kept in bed until symptoms such as giddiness and headache are subsiding, after which time, if his condition is otherwise satisfactory, he may be gradually mobilized. Sometimes recovery is slowed by complications. The most urgent is epidural hemorrhage; acute subdural and intracerebral hemorrhage may present less rapidly causing deterioration in the neurological status within the first few days. They may be confirmed by computer tomography or angiography. Still later persistence of neurological symptoms or headache may be due to a chronic subdural hematoma, which may be diagnosed by head scanning. ER  - 
Variable rachitogenic effects of grain and alleviation by extraction or supplementation with vitamin D, fat and antibiotics.; Three experiments were conducted using day-old broiler type chicks to determine the effect of different cereal grains on vitamin D3 utilization and to investigate the effects of rye, corn, wheat and triticale as the cereal grain component of the diets on the development of a rachitic condition in chicks. Rye was submitted to acid treatment and water extraction in an attempt to destroy or isolate the rachitogenic factor. Results showed that with chicks fed a diet containing 200 I.U. of vitamin D3 with corn as the grain, mineralization of their bones was normal. Growth and bone ash were depressed when rye replaced corn in the diet. These effects were partially reversed when either fat or procaine penicillin was added to the diet, and comppletely prevented with a high level of vitamin D3 (2,000 I.U./kg.). In another experiment, triticale depressed bone ash even though it did not affect body growth to the same extent as rye. Our results indicate that the factor responsible for the rachitogenic condition of rye-fed chicks can be removed by water extraction of this grain or partially destroyed by acid autoclaved treatment. A combination of acid autoclaved treatment and penicillin supplementation prevented the depression in bone ash. ER  - 
Effect of dietary antibiotics on chickens infected with Eimeria tenella.; Two experiments were performed to study the effect of dietary antibiotics on percent daily weight change, mortality and gross cecal pathology in chickens during the critical phase of Eimeria tenella infection. In the first experiment, chickens were continuously fed ration containing thiopeptin, 2 mg/kg.; bacitracin, 20 mg./kg.; penicillin, 12 mg./kg.; or chlortetracycline, 22 mg./kg. One day after antibiotic fed was given, each bird received an oral inoculation of 30,000 sporulated oocyts. In the second experiment, chickens were consecutively fed ration containing amprolium plus ethopabate, 125 plus 8 mg./kg., and a combination of the coccidiostat and one of 4 antibiotics; thiopeptin, bacitracin, penicillin, or chloretracycline. One day after medicated feed was given, birds were each given an oral inoculation of 30,000 amprolium plus ethopabate-resistant E. tenella oocysts. The experiments were terminated 7 days after coccidia exposure. In both experiments, E. tenella infection resulted in depression in all birds of infected groups. Average percent weight change of infected birds was significantly lower than that of uninfected unmedicated control between 4 and 5 days after infection. Significantly greater number of birds died of cecal coccidiosis in group fed dietary bacitracin than that of other infected groups. Dietary antibiotics did not reduce gross cecal lesions. ER  - 
