Major depression and impaired glucose tolerance.; Hypercortisolism is a frequent endocrine sign in major depression and cortisol is a well-known anti-insulinergic hormone. Impaired oral glucose tolerance has already been described in major depression. However, thus far no information is available on spontaneous, circadian insulin secretion in patients. We studied 26 depressed inpatients along with 33 age- and sex-matched controls. Blood samples were collected at 30-minute intervals over a period of 26 hours (h) for estimation of cortisol, insulin and glucose. No differences in 24 h mean-insulin and glucose concentrations were detectable despite significantly reduced caloric consumption in patients. At the second morning a strictly standardized test meal of 2125 kjoule was given. Insulin and glucose responses to the test meal were significantly increased in hypercortisolemic patients compared to controls. Hence, patients with major depression have an impaired insulin sensitivity. FAU - Weber, B
Relationship between serum cortisol, liver function, and depression in detoxified alcoholics.; High levels of serum cortisol or abnormal dexamethasone suppression tests may be helpful in diagnosing major depressive disorder. However, a controversy exists as to whether abnormal liver function associated with alcohol abuse may negate the diagnostic value of the dexamethasone suppression test in alcoholics. We investigated the value of the dexamethasone suppression test in alcoholics by analyzing the liver function, cortisol levels, and psychiatric status of inpatients from an alcohol detoxification treatment center. The subjects met the DSM III criteria for alcohol dependence but took no chronic medication and had negative screening for substance abuse. They had routine blood screening to evaluate liver function, the afternoon cortisol test and dexamethasone suppression test to study glucocorticoid activity, and a structured evaluation to determine psychiatric diagnoses. The blood chemistry findings demonstrated a lack of significant liver synthetic dysfunction in this group, although 43% of the subjects had some elevation of their liver enzymes. We did not find differences in the liver function between patients with normal and abnormal cortisol levels. However, subjects with endogenous depression did have significantly elevated afternoon cortisol levels, and they tended to have more normal liver tests. These results indicate that modest liver dysfunction does not contaminate the validity of the plasma cortisol tests or the dexamethasone suppression test as diagnostic tools for assessing depression in this group of detoxified alcoholics. In addition, they demonstrate an association between depression and plasma cortisol levels and suggest a correlation between depression and better liver function in alcoholics who seek detoxification. FAU - Zern, M A
Taurine transporter in lymphocytes of patients with major depression treated with venlafaxine plus psychotherapy.; The taurine transporter and taurine are present in lymphocytes, where taurine functions as an antioxidant and an anti-inflammatory agent. Taurine levels are elevated in lymphocytes of subjects with major depression, but returns to control levels after treatment with the antidepressant mirtazapine. Patients (40) were diagnosed using the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual IV of the American Psychiatric Association, and the severity of their condition was determined by the Hamilton Scale of Depression. One group of patients was treated with venlafaxine and the other with venlafaxine plus Neuro-Linguistic Programming. Lymphocytes were isolated from the peripheral blood by Ficoll/Hypaque. The coexistence of the taurine transporter with a subpopulation of CD4+ and CD8+ lymphocytes was measured by immunofluorescence. The levels of the pro-inflammatory, IL-2, and the anti-inflammatory, IL-4, cytokines were determined by ELISA while plasma amino acid levels were determined by HPLC. The percentage of CD4+ cells significantly decreased after both treatments, whereas the levels of CD8+ cells remained unchanged. The taurine transporter of CD4+ and CD8+ cells decreased after integrate treatment. No differences were found in the levels of IL-2 while IL-4 levels increased after integrate treatment. The observed effects of treatment on the taurine transporter and IL-4 content might modify lymphocyte activity during depression. FAU - Fazzino, Fili
EEG, physiology, and task-related mood fail to resolve across 31 days of smoking abstinence: relations to depressive traits, nicotine exposure, and dependence.; Changes in task-related mood and physiology associated with 31 days of smoking abstinence were assessed in smokers, 34 of whom were randomly assigned to a quit group and 22 to a continuing-to-smoke control group. A large financial incentive for smoking abstinence resulted in very low participant attrition. Individuals were tested during prequit baselines and at 3, 10, 17, and 31 days of abstinence. Abstinence was associated with decreases in heart rate and serum cortisol, a slowing of electroencephalogram (EEG) activity, and task-dependent and trait-depression-dependent hemispheric EEG asymmetries. Differences between the quit group and the smoking group showed no tendency to resolve across the 31 days of abstinence. Trait depression and neuroticism correlated with increases in left-relative-to-right frontal EEG slow-wave (low alpha) activity at both 3 and 31 days of abstinence. In contrast, prequit nicotine intake and Fagerström Tolerance scores correlated with alpha asymmetry and with greater EEG slowing only at Day 3. Thus, the effects of smoking abstinence appear to last for at least several months. FAU - Gilbert, D G
Antidepressants inhibit interferon-gamma-induced microglial production of IL-6 and nitric oxide.; Circumstantial evidence has suggested that activated microglia may be associated with the pathogenesis of depression. Pro-inflammatory cytokines may also be involved. Therefore, we examined the effects of various types of antidepressants, as well as the mood-stabilizer lithium chloride, on interferon-gamma (IFN-gamma)-induced microglial production of the pro-inflammatory mediators interleukin-6 (IL-6) and nitric oxide (NO). Treatment of the murine microglial 6-3 cells with 100 U/ml of IFN-gamma resulted in an eightfold increase in IL-6 and a tenfold increase in NO into the culture medium. Pretreatment with the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor fluvoxamine, the relatively selective noradrenaline reuptake inhibitor reboxetine, or the non-selective monoaminergic reuptake inhibitor imipramine, significantly inhibited IL-6 and NO production in a dose-dependent manner. These inhibitions were reversed significantly by SQ 22536, a cyclic adenosine monophosphate (cAMP) inhibitor, and, except for reboxetine, by the protein kinase A (PKA) inhibitor Rp-adenosine3',5'-cyclic monophosphorothioate triethylammonium salt (Rp-3',5'-cAMPS). Lithium chloride, which is believed to act by inhibiting the calcium-dependent release of noradrenaline, had a different spectrum of action on microglial 6-3 cells. It enhanced IFN-gamma-stimulated IL-6 production and inhibited NO production. The inhibitory effect of lithium chloride was not reversed by either SQ 22536 or Rp-3',5'-cAMPS. These results suggest that antidepressants have inhibitory effects on IFN-gamma-activated microglia and these effects are, at least partially, mediated by the cAMP-dependent PKA pathway. On the other hand, the mood stabilizer and anti-manic agent lithium chloride has mixed effects on IFN-gamma-induced microglial activation. FAU - Hashioka, Sadayuki
Sex differences in emotional and physiological responses to the Trier Social Stress Test.; Women are more likely than men to be diagnosed with depression and anxiety-related disorders, and it has been hypothesized that this difference is related to sex differences in stress reactivity. Women typically report higher levels of negative affect than men in response to psychosocial stressors, but the evidence for sex differences in physiological reactivity to stressful situations is not consistent. The present study sought to expand this work by evaluating sex differences in reactivity to a social stress challenge across neuroendocrine, autonomic and affective response domains. Participants (32 women, 30 men) completed a standardized psychosocial stress challenge (i.e., the Trier Social Stress Test (TSST)), during which several physiological (e.g., cortisol reactivity, heart rate) and psychological (e.g., depression, irritability, anger, fear) measures were assessed. The findings demonstrated that cortisol reactivity and the magnitude of autonomic responding failed to reliably discriminate between women and men. However, women reported more fear, irritability, confusion and less happiness immediately following the TSST compared to men. The broader implications of these results and how they relate to sex differences in the etiology and clinical presentation of anxiety and mood disorders are discussed. FAU - Kelly, Megan M
Asymmetry of recall in depression.; We compared the verbal (auditory/semantic) and nonverbal (visual/configurational) recall of carefully defined depressed patients with a demographically matched control group of normal volunteers. Whereas controls were split as to whether their nonverbal recall exceeded or was inferior to their verbal recall, 89% of depressed patients demonstrated an asymmetry characterized by poorer nonverbal than verbal recall. Depressive subgroups (determined by clinical and psychoendocrine criteria) differed from controls, but not from each other, in demonstrating this asymmetry of recall. In contrast, depressed patients did not individually demonstrate an asymmetry between verbal and nonverbal recognition that differed from controls. FAU - Deptula, D
The effects of chronic treatment with the mood stabilizers valproic acid and lithium on corticotropin-releasing factor neuronal systems.; Corticotropin-releasing factor (CRF) plays a preeminent role in coordinating the endocrine, autonomic, and behavioral responses to stress. Dysregulation of both hypothalamic and extrahypothalamic CRF systems have been reported in patients with major depression and post-traumatic stress disorder. Moreover, effective treatment of these conditions leads to normalization of these CRF systems. Although there is virtually no data concerning alterations of CRF systems in bipolar disorder (manic depressive illness), previous work indicates that valproic acid, an anticonvulsant also effective in the treatment of acute mania, alters central CRF neuronal systems. In the current studies, we chronically administered valproic acid and lithium, two clinically effective mood stabilizers, in nonstressed rats to extend our previous findings. Chronic valproic acid administration decreased CRF mRNA expression in the paraventricular nucleus of the hypothalamus; lithium administration increased CRF mRNA expression in the central nucleus of the amygdala. Although valproic acid increased CRF(1) receptor mRNA expression in the cortex, CRF(1) receptor binding was decreased in both the basolateral amygdala and cortex, suggesting that chronic valproate treatment may in fact dampen the overall tone in this central stress pathway. Valproate treatment decreased CRF(2A) mRNA expression in both the lateral septum and hypothalamus, although CRF(2A) receptor binding was unchanged. Lithium administration decreased CRF(1) mRNA expression in both the amygdala and frontal cortex, but CRF(1) receptor binding also remained unchanged. These results suggest that the therapeutic actions of these mood stabilizers may, in part, result from their actions on central CRF neuronal systems. The distinct actions of each drug on CRF systems may underlie their synergistic clinical effects. FAU - Gilmor, Michelle L
Low basal levels of cortisol distinguish detoxified alcoholics with major depressive disorder from non-MDDs.; Basal plasma levels of cortisol and its suppression by dexamethasone were measured in 60 inpatient alcoholics 12-13 days after detoxification. Both hypothalamic-pituitary adrenal system parameters were essentially within normal limits in most patients--those who did not meet criteria for major depressive disorder (n = 43) as well as those who met criteria for MDD per their episode (n-17). Basal levels of cortisol below 7 micrograms/dl distinguished alcoholics without MDD from those who met criteria for MDD per current episodes. FAU - Halbreich, U
Cognitive and biochemical processes in depressed adult outpatients: a test of the circular process model.; The circular process model is a psychobiological model of depression, in which it is postulated that catecholamines and negative cognitions interact to influence depression. Since its publication, there have been no empirical tests to support or refute the model. This study tested the model in 92 depressed adult outpatients with non-bipolar non-psychotic depression. There were no significant bivariate correlations among the biochemical and cognitive measures. However, the interactive model was supported by results of two out of three hierarchical regression analyses, in which the biochemical-by-cognitive interactive terms significantly predicted depression after the main effects of each variable were accounted for. These findings show sufficient evidence in support of the Circular Process Model to warrant further testing over the treatment period. FAU - Oei, T P
Dexamethasone suppression test testing of depressed alcoholics.; In order to determine the sensitivity of the dexamethasone suppression test (DST) for major depression in alcoholics, we administered this test to 27 alcoholics with major depression. Sixteen of 27 had abnormal DST results, yielding a 59% sensitivity for depression in alcoholics. When combined with previously reported specificity findings of 100%, the DST significantly (p less than 0.001) distinguished depressed from nondepressed alcoholics. FAU - Dackis, C A
