Stony Brook Medicine Anti-Inflammatory Trial; This is an experimental study designed to measure the effect of celecoxib or minocycline on depressive symptoms in unipolar and bipolar depression. Participants will be equally randomized to either celecoxib or minocycline. All participants will complete a battery of clinical and psychological assessments prior to treatment assignment, and again after treatment completion, to assess any changes or improvements in depression. AN  - NCT06699966 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Stony Brook Medicine Anti-Inflammatory Trial TI  - Stony Brook Medicine Anti-Inflammatory Trial
Biomarkers of Neuroinflammation and Anti-Inflammatory Treatments in Major Depressive Disorder; The purpose of this study is to determine if translocator protein total distribution volume (TSPO VT) is elevated in major depressive disorder that is not responding to medication and if adding minocycline can affect TSPO VT. Many remain treatment resistant with common antidepressant treatments and the investigators think it may be due to poor targeting of brain pathologies. AN  - NCT02362529 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Biomarkers of Neuroinflammation and Anti-Inflammatory Treatments in Major Depressive Disorder TI  - Biomarkers of Neuroinflammation and Anti-Inflammatory Treatments in Major Depressive Disorder
A Rehabilitation Walking Program With the Help of a Transient Intake of Nonsteroidal Anti-inflammatory Drug for Patients With Painful Hip/Knee Osteoarthritis - A Pilot Cohort Study With Objectives of Short Walks in the Real Life.; Secondary endpoints are to evaluate the adherence to the program and the factors influencing adherence; to identify the less well tolerated conditions of treatment (one condition being one molecule for one patient profile); to identify the factors of success among a set of baseline demographic, morphometric and psychometric variables; and to study the role of central sensitization (assessed by temporal summation) on the efficacy of treatment. AN  - NCT05761015 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Helping Osteoarthritis Patients to Walk With NSAID (PERIPATEI) TI  - A Rehabilitation Walking Program With the Help of a Transient Intake of Nonsteroidal Anti-inflammatory Drug for Patients With Painful Hip/Knee Osteoarthritis - A Pilot Cohort Study With Objectives of Short Walks in the Real Life.
Minocycline and Celecoxib as Adjunctive Treatments of Bipolar Depression: A Factorial Design Randomised Controlled Trial; Bipolar disorder is a leading cause of disability worldwide. A high proportion of patients with bipolar disorder experience persistent depressive symptoms that do not respond to standard drug treatments. Recent evidence has suggested that anti-inflammatory treatment may reduce depressive symptoms. Minocycline is a tetracycline antibiotic with good central nervous system (CNS) penetration that has been suggested to be effective as an adjunct drug in improving depressive symptoms. Celecoxib, a selective cyclooxygenase 2 (COX-2) inhibitor, has also shown promising results in the treatment of depressive symptoms. In this factorial design, double blind, randomised controlled trial the investigators will determine the efficacy of minocycline and/or celecoxib as an adjunct to treatment as usual (TAU) in patients experiencing a depressive phase of bipolar I or II disorder. The investigators hypothesise that augmentation with minocycline and/or celecoxib will lead to an improvement in depressive symptoms in participants in comparison with placebo. AN  - NCT02703363 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Minocycline and Celecoxib as Adjunctive Treatments of Bipolar Depression TI  - Minocycline and Celecoxib as Adjunctive Treatments of Bipolar Depression: A Factorial Design Randomised Controlled Trial
Precision Psychiatry: Anti-inflammatory Medication in Immuno-metabolic Depression; In this study, 140 persons with IMD will be selected. In this specific group of patients, the investigators will test whether celecoxib add-on (400 mg/d) is more effective than placebo in the treatment of depression through a 12-week double-blind, randomized (1:1), placebo-controlled trial. By selecting specifically depressed patients with IMD, the proposed treatment selectively targets key inflammatory pathophysiological pathways to enhance clinical outcome for depression. This personalized approach is expected to lead to large health gains for a sizable proportion of patients. The main hypothesis is that the group of patients with IMD receiving TAU + celecoxib, as compared to the TAU + placebo, will show a better symptom course over the 12-week follow-up. AN  - NCT05415397 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Treating Immuno-metabolic Depression With Anti-inflammatory Drugs (INFLAMED) TI  - Precision Psychiatry: Anti-inflammatory Medication in Immuno-metabolic Depression
The Effect of Celecoxib on Neuroinflammation in MDD: PET Imaging of a Novel Treatment Target with [18F]FEPPA; Major depressive disorder (MDD) affects an estimated 350 million people worldwide and is a leading contributor to global disease burden. Commonly used monoamine reuptake-inhibiting treatments for depression are suboptimal, resulting in only 30% of patients achieving remission. This may be because monoamine dysfunction is not the primary pathophysiology in all MDD patients. One avenue for the development of novel MDD treatments is through anti-inflammatory drugs; MDD is linked to a pro-inflammatory phenotype characterized by microglial activation, leading to the release of pro-inflammatory cytokines and upregulation of cellular markers including cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) and translocator protein (TSPO; a protein located on the outer membrane of microglia). Relevant to this proposal, TSPO can serve as an in vivo marker of neuroinflammation using the newly developed positron emission tomography (PET) tracer for TSPO, [18F]FEPPA. In support of this, a recent [18F]FEPPA PET study found that MDD patients in a current major depressive episode (MDE) had significantly higher TSPO binding in the prefrontal cortex (PFC), anterior cingulate cortex (ACC) and insula, relative to healthy controls. The prefrontal cortex and ACC are both implicated in mood regulation whereas the insula is involved in interoceptive signaling, which is known to be abnormal in MDD. Celecoxib, a selective COX-2 nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID), is a promising new treatment for neuroinflammation in MDD. Clinical studies have observed that, in a subset of depressed patients, celecoxib treatment reduced depression severity as assessed by the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS). While these findings demonstrate that celecoxib reduces symptom severity, PET imaging technology is critical for understanding how celecoxib affects the underlying pathophysiology of depression. Here, the team will investigate neuroinflammation as an underlying pathology in depression and test whether neuroinflammation is reduced by celecoxib in MDD patients. Specifically, in the proposed pilot study, MDD patients in a current MDE will receive [18F]FEPPA PET scans prior to and following 8 weeks of treatment with 400mg/day of celecoxib, with HDRS scores obtained at each time point. The investigators hypothesize that following celecoxib treatment, patients will show a significant reduction in neuroinflammation in the PFC, ACC and insula, which will correlate positively with the reduction in depressive symptoms, as measured by the HDRS. The proposed study will use novel imaging technology, [18F]FEPPA PET, to measure the effects of celecoxib on neuroinflammation in MDD patients. Our results will help to 1) identify neuroinflammation as an underlying pathology in MDD and 2) test whether reduction of inflammation is the mechanism of action of celecoxib. As such, the results of this study will aid in the development of targeted clinical treatments to improve remission rates in MDD patients. AN  - NCT04814355 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Effect of Celecoxib on Neuroinflammation in MDD TI  - The Effect of Celecoxib on Neuroinflammation in MDD: PET Imaging of a Novel Treatment Target with [18F]FEPPA
Cyclooxygenase-2-Inhibitor Combination Treatment for Bipolar Depression: Role of Inflammation and Kynurenine Pathway Biomarkers; This project will attempt to enhance and augment the antidepressant efficacy of a commonly used antidepressant in poorly responding bipolar depressed patients. AN  - NCT01479829 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Cyclooxygenase-2-Inhibitor Combination Treatment for Bipolar Depression TI  - Cyclooxygenase-2-Inhibitor Combination Treatment for Bipolar Depression: Role of Inflammation and Kynurenine Pathway Biomarkers
Safety and Efficacy of Cimicoxib, a Selective COX-2 Inhibitor, in Combination With Sertraline Compared to Sertraline Combined With Placebo in Treatment of Major Depression; This multicenter study aims to investigate the safety and efficacy of cimicoxib, a selective COX-2 inhibitor, in combination with sertraline compared to sertraline combined with placebo in patients with major depression. This clinical study is based on the assumption that adjunctive treatment of major depression with a COX-2 inhibitor may be beneficial. AN  - NCT00510822 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Cimicoxib for the Treatment of Major Depression (SECIM) TI  - Safety and Efficacy of Cimicoxib, a Selective COX-2 Inhibitor, in Combination With Sertraline Compared to Sertraline Combined With Placebo in Treatment of Major Depression
INflammation-based Stratification for Immune-Targeted Augmentation in Major Depressive; This is a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial in which patients with major depressive disorder will receive augmentation through minocycline (MCO), celecoxib (CXB) or placebo. AN  - NCT05644301 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - INflammation-based Stratification for Immune-Targeted Augmentation in Major Depressive Disorder (INSTA-MD) TI  - INflammation-based Stratification for Immune-Targeted Augmentation in Major Depressive
PET Imaging of Cyclooxygenase in Participants With Major Depressive Disorder (MDD); https://nimhcontent.nimh.nih.gov/start/surveys/?s=TJW4RA4WN3LDD988 AN  - NCT04582916 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - PET Imaging of Cyclooxygenase in Participants With Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) TI  - PET Imaging of Cyclooxygenase in Participants With Major Depressive Disorder (MDD)
Feasibility Study in Comorbid Obesity and Treatment-Resistant Depression Using Minocycline as Adjunctive Treatment (CODA); Another pathway through which minocycline could ameliorate MDD symptoms is through the reduction of inflammation at the central level. Minocycline has been shown to reduce microglia activation in preclinical models. Previous literature reports an impact of neuroinflammation on white matter microstructure and brain structure in patients with MDD and in individuals with obesity. Minocycline's effect on white matter structure and myelination has not yet been investigated in humans in vivo. Investigating whether neuroimaging biomarker candidates associated with neuroinflammation could be detected in this study design is needed. AN  - NCT06537921 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Comorbid Obesity and Depression With an Anti-inflammatory Medication (CODA) TI  - Feasibility Study in Comorbid Obesity and Treatment-Resistant Depression Using Minocycline as Adjunctive Treatment (CODA)
Dexamethasone Compared to Non-steroidal Anti-inflammatory Drugs in the Treatment of Acute Pericarditis: a Non-inferiority Randomized Controlled Trial (Dexa-P); The Investigators aim to conduct a randomised, non-blinded trial assessing the use of dexamethasone as an alternative to NSAID for use in patients with acute pericarditis. AN  - NCT04323280 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Dexamethasone Compared to Non-steroidal Anti-inflammatory Drugs in the Treatment of Acute Pericarditis (Dexa-P) TI  - Dexamethasone Compared to Non-steroidal Anti-inflammatory Drugs in the Treatment of Acute Pericarditis: a Non-inferiority Randomized Controlled Trial (Dexa-P)
Effect of Anti-inflammatory Treatments on the Symptoms, Cognition, and Functioning of Adolescents With Schizophrenia; A double-blind controlled trial assessing the efficacy of anti-inflammatories on symptoms and cognition of adolescents with schizophrenia AN  - NCT04020588 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Anti-inflammatories and Adolescent Schizophrenia TI  - Effect of Anti-inflammatory Treatments on the Symptoms, Cognition, and Functioning of Adolescents With Schizophrenia
Targeting Systemic Inflammation to Concurrently Treat Late-Life Depression and Reduce Coronary Artery Disease Risk; The objective of this clinical trial is to evaluate whether an anti-inflammatory medication, pentoxifylline, reduces depressive symptoms and improves artery function. Participants in this trial will be older primary care patients (60 years and up) who are depressed but do not have a history of cardiovascular disease. Half of these patients will receive pentoxifylline, and half will receive placebo. In addition, participants in both arms will receive an evidence-based psychological treatment called Beating the Blues®, which is a computerized, cognitive behavioral treatment program for depression. The investigators will use questionnaires to assess change in depressive symptoms and an ultrasound test to measure change in artery function from pre- to post-treatment. It is hypothesized that patients who receive pentoxifylline will show greater improvements in both depression and artery function than patients who receive placebo. AN  - NCT01625845 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Anti-INFLammatory to Address Mood and Endothelial Dysfunction (INFLAMED) (INFLAMED) TI  - Targeting Systemic Inflammation to Concurrently Treat Late-Life Depression and Reduce Coronary Artery Disease Risk
Inflammatory and Brain Mechanisms and Clinical and Cognitive Effects of an Exercise Intervention in Major Depressive Disorder: a Randomised Longitudinal Clinical Trial.; The experimental group will receive an exercise intervention as an add-on to their usual treatment (antidepressant treatment prescribed by the attending specialist). Researchers will compare to a control group, which will only receive standard treatment (antidepressant treatment prescribed by the attending specialist) and will be instructed to not change their usual physical activity. The aim is to see if a physical exercise intervention would induce a significant improvement in depressive symptoms and which mechanisms are responsible for this result. AN  - NCT06450704 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Cerebral and Anti-inflammatory Response Through Exercise - Mechanisms In Depressive Disorders (CARE-MIND) TI  - Inflammatory and Brain Mechanisms and Clinical and Cognitive Effects of an Exercise Intervention in Major Depressive Disorder: a Randomised Longitudinal Clinical Trial.
Salicylic Augmentation in Depression; This research study will compare aspirin to placebo. AN  - NCT03152409 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Salicylic Augmentation in Depression (SAD) TI  - Salicylic Augmentation in Depression
An Open-Label Clinical Trial of Simultaneous Administration of Oral Aspirin and Ketamine as Adjunct to Oral Antidepressant Therapy in Treatment-Resistant Depression; The purpose of this study is to assess the effects of simultaneous administration of oral aspirin and oral ketamine as a therapeutic for those with Treatment Resistant Depression. AN  - NCT05615948 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Oral Aspirin + Ketamine as Adjunct to Oral Antidepressant Therapy for Depression TI  - An Open-Label Clinical Trial of Simultaneous Administration of Oral Aspirin and Ketamine as Adjunct to Oral Antidepressant Therapy in Treatment-Resistant Depression
Improvement in Pain, Function and Quality of Life With a Protocolized Exercise Program Compared With Non-steroidal Anti-inflammatory Analgesics in Patients With Subacute Low Back Pain in Medellín, Colombia, 2009-2010; Our clinical trial has the purpose to evaluate the effectiveness in reducing pain and improving function and quality of life during a 6-months follow-up of a therapeutic exercise program compared to pharmacological treatment with NSAIDs in patients with subacute low back pain attending the physiatrist consultation of several ambulatory health centers in Medellín during the years 2009-2010. AN  - NCT01374269 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Improvement in Pain,Function and HRQoL ( Health Related Quality of Life) in Subacute Low Back Pain: A Controlled Clinical Trial of Exercise vs NSAIDs (Nonsteroidal Antiinflammatory) (DLSEA) TI  - Improvement in Pain, Function and Quality of Life With a Protocolized Exercise Program Compared With Non-steroidal Anti-inflammatory Analgesics in Patients With Subacute Low Back Pain in Medellín, Colombia, 2009-2010
Genetic Basis For Variation In NSAID Analgesia In A Clinical Model Of Acute Pain; Benefits from participating are having wisdom teeth removed at no cost as well as close monitoring before and after surgery. There are no plans to give patients the results of genetic tests or questionnaires. Years of research may be needed before such information has the chance to become meaningful. AN  - NCT00115752 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Genetic Basis For Variation In NSAID Analgesia In A Clinical Model Of Acute Pain TI  - Genetic Basis For Variation In NSAID Analgesia In A Clinical Model Of Acute Pain
Perioperative β-adrenergic Blocker and a COX2 Inhibitor in Patients Undergoing Resection for Primary Colon and Rectal Cancer: Effect on Tumor Recurrence and Postoperative Immune Perturbations. A Multicenter Randomized Prospective Trial.; Colon and rectal cancer is the second most prevalent malignant disease in the western world, causing significant morbidity, mortality, and healthcare sources use. Treating colon and rectal cancer with curative intent generally includes resection of the primary tumor. Despite its crucial role, surgery by itself induce physiological changes resulting in significant immune depression and other physiological perturbations, which may in turn play a significant role in the initiation of new metastases and the progression of pre-existing dormant metastases. The aim of this study is to assess the use of perioperative medical intervention using a combination of a β-adrenergic blocker (Propranolol) and a COX2 inhibitor (Etodolac), in order to attenuate the surgically induced immunosuppression and other physiological perturbations, aiming to reduce the rate of tumor recurrence and distant metastatic disease. AN  - NCT00888797 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - β-adrenergic Blocker and a COX2 Inhibitor for Prevention of Colorectal Cancer Recurrence TI  - Perioperative β-adrenergic Blocker and a COX2 Inhibitor in Patients Undergoing Resection for Primary Colon and Rectal Cancer: Effect on Tumor Recurrence and Postoperative Immune Perturbations. A Multicenter Randomized Prospective Trial.
A Multicentre, 12 Week Double Blind Placebo Controlled Randomized Study Of Etanercept On A Background Nsaid In The Treatment Of Adult Subjects With Non Radiographic Axial Spondyloarthritis With A 92 Week Open Label Extension; This is a two part study. During period one there will be a comparison of Etanercept (ETN) against a placebo with both arms maintaining the background anti inflammatory drug prescribed by their Physician. The hypothesis is that Etanercept will be superior to the placebo arm as determined by the proportion of subjects achieving Assessments in Ankylosing Spondylitis (ASAS)40 improvement at 12 weeks. This will be followed by 92 weeks extension where everyone in the trial receives Etanercept (ETN) and a background non steroidal anti inflammatory drug(NSAID). AN  - NCT01258738 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study Comparing Etanercept (ETN) Against a Placebo for Etanercept on a Background Nonsteroidal Anti Inflammatory Drug (NSAIDs) in the Treatment of Early Spondyloarthritis (SpA) Patients Who do Not Have X-ray Structural Changes (EMBARK) TI  - A Multicentre, 12 Week Double Blind Placebo Controlled Randomized Study Of Etanercept On A Background Nsaid In The Treatment Of Adult Subjects With Non Radiographic Axial Spondyloarthritis With A 92 Week Open Label Extension
Randomized, Double-blind, Pilot Study on the Effect of Intravenous Ibuprofen on Inflammatory Responses in Patients Undergoing Surgery With General Anesthesia: Correlation With Clinical Outcomes; The administration of anti-inflammatory drugs such as ibuprofen before and after surgery has not been studied extensively. Subjects are being asked to participate in this study because they are scheduled for surgery and because the investigators want to study ways to improve recovery from surgery. Ibuprofen will be given several times before and after surgery. The investigators will ask questions to determine recovery and the investigators will draw blood to determine inflammatory response. AN  - NCT01377441 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effect of Intravenous Ibuprofen on Inflammatory Responses in Patients Undergoing Surgery With General Anesthesia. TI  - Randomized, Double-blind, Pilot Study on the Effect of Intravenous Ibuprofen on Inflammatory Responses in Patients Undergoing Surgery With General Anesthesia: Correlation With Clinical Outcomes
Anti-inflmmation Treatment in Mood Disorder and Deep Learning Prediction Model; This three-year study will enroll 180 patients with mood disorders (90 patients with major depressive disorder and 90 patients with bipolar disorder) and high pro-inflammatory cytokine levels. They will be randomly assigned to three groups of aspirin, statin and control groups for 12 weeks according to the disease group. The first aim of the study is to compare the efficacy of aspirin and statin in mood disorders. The second aim is to establish a gene-immuno-brain imaging treatment prediction model by deep learning technology, using pretreatment cytokines, neurocognitive function, brain structural/functional connectivity, and telomere length as the predictors. AN  - NCT04685642 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Anti-inflmmation Treatment in Mood Disorder and Deep Learning Prediction Model TI  - Anti-inflmmation Treatment in Mood Disorder and Deep Learning Prediction Model
A Pilot, Open-label, 8-Week Study Evaluating the Efficacy, Safety, and Tolerability of Adjunctive Minocycline for the Treatment of Bipolar Depression; Long-term studies have emphasized that depressive symptoms and episodes account for majority of the illness burden experienced by individuals with bipolar disorder (BD). Previous studies have shown that blood levels of proteins called pro-inflammatory cytokines are abnormal in individuals with bipolar depression. The investigators hypothesize that preventing the production or release of pro-inflammatory cytokines will result in improvement of depressive symptoms in individuals with bipolar depression. Minocycline is a medication that inhibits the activation of immune cells (i.e. microglia) in the brain and reduces the production of pro-inflammatory cytokines. Treatment with minocycline has been shown to have antidepressant-like effects in animal studies and improve symptoms of individuals with schizophrenia. In this study, minocycline (100 mg twice a day) will be administered for 8 weeks to determine if it is an efficacious antidepressant for individuals with bipolar depression. AN  - NCT01403662 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Evaluating the Efficacy of Adjunctive Minocycline for the Treatment of Bipolar Depression TI  - A Pilot, Open-label, 8-Week Study Evaluating the Efficacy, Safety, and Tolerability of Adjunctive Minocycline for the Treatment of Bipolar Depression
Perioperative Use of a β-adrenergic Blocker, Propranolol, and a COX2 Inhibitor, Etodolac, in Patients Undergoing Resection With Curative Intent for Primary Colon and Rectal Cancer: Effect on Tumor Recurrence and Survival; The short perioperative period (days to weeks around surgery) is characterized by stress-inflammatory responses, including catecholamines (CAs, e.g., adrenaline) and prostaglandins (PGs, e.g., prostaglandin-E2) release, and induce deleterious pro-metastatic effects. Animal studies implicated excess perioperative release of CAs and PGs in facilitating cancer progression by affecting the malignant tissue, its local environment, and anti-metastatic immune functions. Congruently, animal studies conducted by the investigators indicate that combined use of the beta-adrenergic blocker, propranolol, and the prostaglandins inhibitor, etodolac - but neither drug separately - efficiently prevented post-operative metastatic development. Two recently conducted clinical trials, conducted by the investigators, in three medical centers in Israel, recruiting breast (n=38) and colorectal (n=34) cancer patients, assessing the safety and short-term efficacy of perioperative propranolol and etodolac treatment. Drugs were well tolerated, without severe adverse events. Importantly, molecular/biological analyses of the excised primary tumor indicated that drug treatment caused promising anti-metastatic transformations, as well as improvements in immune and inflammatory indices. These included (i) decreased tumor cell capacity to migrate, (ii) reduced pro-metastatic capacity of the malignant tissue, and (iii) improvement in immune infiltrating into the tumor (Paper published in Clinical Cancer Research, 2017). Herein, the investigators propose to conduct a double-blind placebo-controlled two-arm Phase II clinical trial in 200 colorectal cancer patients undergoing curative surgery in Israel. A perioperative 20-day drug treatment will be initiated 5 days before surgery. Primary outcomes will include (i) 3-year disease-free-survival (DFS), and 5-year overall survival (OS); and (ii) biological markers in blood samples, and in the excised tumor tissue. Secondary outcomes will include safety indices and psychological measures of depression, anxiety, distress, and fatigue AN  - NCT03919461 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Colorectal Metastasis Prevention International Trial 2 (COMPIT-2) TI  - Perioperative Use of a β-adrenergic Blocker, Propranolol, and a COX2 Inhibitor, Etodolac, in Patients Undergoing Resection With Curative Intent for Primary Colon and Rectal Cancer: Effect on Tumor Recurrence and Survival
An Evaluation of the Efficacy of the Tumor Necrosis Factor-alpha Antagonist Infliximab in Treatment Resistant Major Depression: Mechanisms and Mediators; After appropriate screening to determine eligibility, 64 subjects with treatment resistant depression will be randomized to receive three infusions of either infliximab (Remicade®) or placebo (salt water) in the Emory Infliximab Infusion Center in the Division of Digestive Diseases, Emory University School of Medicine. Subjects will be followed for 12 weeks with evaluations at weeks 0 (baseline), 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 8, 10 and 12. The first infliximab (Remicade®) infusion will occur at the first (Baseline) visit. The second infusion will occur at Study Week 2 (the third visit). The third infusion will occur at Study Week 6 (Visit 6). The choice of three infusions, and the infusion schedule, is based on current recommendations for the use of infliximab (Remicade®) in conditions for which it has received FDA approval. Subjects will be evaluated for twelve weeks by trained clinicians for changes in depression symptoms and improvements in quality of life. In addition, a physician will evaluate subjects each visit to make sure they are remaining healthy. Blood will be drawn at baseline prior to infusion and all subsequent visits to check labs for safety but also to evaluate potential relationships between changes in inflammatory activity and therapeutic response. After Study Week 12, participants will be monitored by phone, every 4 weeks during the 22-Week Post Study Follow-up Phase to assess physical and psychiatric symptoms in the period following the final infusion. At the baseline and Week 8 visits, subjects will be admitted to the Atlanta Clinical Translational Science Institute (ACTSI), a research unit in the Emory Hospital, for an extended evaluation. The purpose of coming to the ACTSI will be for researchers to evaluate whether treatment with infliximab improves endocrine function, inflammation, sleep and thinking abilities in people who are depressed. For all other visits (Week 1, 2, 4, 6, 10 and 12), participants will come for an office visit in the Winship Cancer Institute. AN  - NCT00463580 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study of Infliximab for Treatment Resistant Major Depression (Infliximab) TI  - An Evaluation of the Efficacy of the Tumor Necrosis Factor-alpha Antagonist Infliximab in Treatment Resistant Major Depression: Mechanisms and Mediators
Perioperative Use of a Beta-adrenergic Blocker and a COX-2 Inhibitor in Patients Undergoing Surgery With Primary Pancreatic Cancer: Intervention Aiming to Reduce Pro-metastatic Processes; In Israel, of the ~1000 patients diagnosed annually with pancreatic cancer (PC), approximately 250 (25 percent) will be eligible for curative surgery, of which 80 percent will succumb to post-surgical metastatic disease. A reduction in post-surgical metastatic disease will save dozens of patients in Israel annually, and tens-of thousands-around the world. The short perioperative period (days to weeks around surgery) is characterized by stress-inflammatory responses, including catecholamines (CAs, e.g., adrenaline) and prostaglandins (PGs, e.g., prostaglandin-E2) release, and induce deleterious pro-metastatic effects. Animal studies implicated excess perioperative release of CAs and PGs in facilitating cancer progression by affecting the malignant tissue, its local environment, and anti-metastatic immune functions. Congruently, our animal studies indicate that combined use of the beta-adrenergic blocker, propranolol, and the prostaglandins inhibitor, etodolac - but neither drug separately - efficiently prevented post-operative metastatic development. We recently conducted two clinical trials in three medical centers in Israel, recruiting breast (n=38) and colorectal (n=34) cancer patients, assessing the safety and short-term efficacy of perioperative propranolol and etodolac treatment. Drugs were well tolerated, without severe adverse events. Importantly, molecular/biological analyses of the excised primary tumor indicated that drug treatment caused promising anti-metastatic transformations, as well as improvements in immune and inflammatory indices. These included (i) decreased tumor cell capacity to migrate, (ii) reduced pro-metastatic capacity of the malignant tissue, and (iii) improvement in immune infiltrating into the tumor (Paper published in Clinical Cancer Research, 2017). Herein, we propose to conduct a double-blind placebo-controlled two-arm Phase II clinical trial in 210 pancreatic cancer patients undergoing curative surgery in Israel. A perioperative 35-day drug treatment will be initiated 5 days before surgery. Primary outcomes will include (i) 1-year disease-free-survival (DFS), and 5-year overall survival (OS); and (ii) biological markers in blood samples, and in the excised tumor tissue. Secondary outcomes will include safety indices and psychological measures of depression, anxiety, distress, and fatigue. AN  - NCT03838029 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Perioperative Intervention to Reduce Metastatic Processes in Pancreatic Cancer Patients Undergoing Curative Surgery (BC-PC) TI  - Perioperative Use of a Beta-adrenergic Blocker and a COX-2 Inhibitor in Patients Undergoing Surgery With Primary Pancreatic Cancer: Intervention Aiming to Reduce Pro-metastatic Processes
Study of Role of Anti-Inflammatory Agents in Patients With Schizophrenia; We propose to conduct a feasibility study in patients with chronic schizophrenia to explore the adjunct use of simvastatin and ondansetron on positive, negative and general psychopathology in comparisons to treatment as usual (TAU) over a 12 week period. AN  - NCT00929955 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Role of Anti-Inflammatory Agents in Patients With Schizophrenia TI  - Study of Role of Anti-Inflammatory Agents in Patients With Schizophrenia
Targeting Inflammation-Induced Changes in Brain Reward Signaling and Motivational Deficits in Patients With Schizophrenia Using an Anti-Inflammatory Challenge.; This study is important because schizophrenia can be a chronic and debilitating neuropsychiatric disorder and negative symptoms are some of the most difficult aspects of schizophrenia associated with worst functional outcomes. These symptoms do not typically respond to antipsychotic therapies, and as such, there are no current medications to treat negative symptoms. AN  - NCT05823532 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Anti-Inflammatory Challenge in Schizophrenia TI  - Targeting Inflammation-Induced Changes in Brain Reward Signaling and Motivational Deficits in Patients With Schizophrenia Using an Anti-Inflammatory Challenge.
A Double-blind Randomized Placebo-controlled Study of Aspirin and N-acetyl Cysteine as Adjunctive Treatments for Bipolar Disorder Patients (SMRI 11T-009); Aim I - Examine efficacy of aspirin in treating depression in bipolar patients in a double-blind placebo-controlled add-on design; Aim II - Examine efficacy of NAC in treating depression in bipolar patients in a double-blind placebo-controlled add-on design; Aim III - Examine efficacy of combined treatment with aspirin and NAC looking for synergistic, potentiating effects; Aim IV - Examine the role of markers of neuroinflammation, as possible mediators or modulators in therapeutic response in the treatment of depression in patients with Bipolar Disorder. AN  - NCT01797575 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - N-Acetyl Cysteine and Aspirin as an Adjunctive Treatment for Bipolar Disorder (SMRI-Bipolar) TI  - A Double-blind Randomized Placebo-controlled Study of Aspirin and N-acetyl Cysteine as Adjunctive Treatments for Bipolar Disorder Patients (SMRI 11T-009)
A Randomized Comparison Between Parecoxib and Placebo Added to a Standard Perioperative Analgesic Protocol for Total Knee Arthroplasty; Early mobilization and rehabilitation can be difficult after total knee arthroplasty (TKA) due to a high incidence of moderate to severe postoperative pain. Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) are important to multimodal analgesic protocols. Parecoxib is an NSAID that selectively inhibits the enzyme cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2). Clinical trials have shown that it does not alter platelet function or gastric mucosa. A recent study, after comparing ketorolac and parecoxib used at the same time in infiltration and systemically, found no differences in perioperative analgesia with a tendency to less bleeding in the parecoxib group. This randomized study will compare the effectiveness of adding a COX-2 inhibitor in the pain management of patients undergoing TKA as part of a multimodal analgesia regimen. The morphine consumption was selected as the primary outcome. The study hypothesis is that patients receiving parecoxib would have a lower opioid consumption. AN  - NCT05924412 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Parecoxib in Total Knee Arthroplasty TI  - A Randomized Comparison Between Parecoxib and Placebo Added to a Standard Perioperative Analgesic Protocol for Total Knee Arthroplasty
Stress and Inflammation in the Pathophysiology of Late Life Depression; Over 18% of Americans aged 65 years and older have depression. Recent evidence suggests that there is a link between depression and inflammatory disease. This study investigates the relationship between inflammation in the brain and depression. Comparing biological and psychological differences in depressed and non-depressed people allows researchers to find better ways to treat and prevent depression. All participants will have: neuropsychological tests, an EKG, a spinal tap, a blood draw, and, if depressed, given either an antidepressant coupled with an anti-inflammatory medication or an anti-depressant coupled with a placebo for six weeks. The investigators are trying to correlate brain function with depression levels and biomarkers from the blood and spinal fluid. AN  - NCT02389465 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Stress and Inflammation in Late-Life Depression (S&I) TI  - Stress and Inflammation in the Pathophysiology of Late Life Depression
A Prospective, Randomized, Controlled, Single Centre Trial to Assess the Efficacy and Safety of Radial Extracorporeal Shock Wave Therapy in Patients With Chronic Non-specific Low Back Pain; This study tests the hypothesis that radial extracorporeal shock wave therapy (rESWT) in combination with the non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug Celecoxib and the antispasmodic drug Eperisone (hereafter, "C-E drug therapy") is statistically significantly more effective than either rESWT or C-E drug therapy alone in the treatment of chronic non-specific low back pain. AN  - NCT03337607 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Radial Extracorporeal Shock Wave Therapy for Chronic Non-specific Low Back Pain TI  - A Prospective, Randomized, Controlled, Single Centre Trial to Assess the Efficacy and Safety of Radial Extracorporeal Shock Wave Therapy in Patients With Chronic Non-specific Low Back Pain
Cerebral Neuroinflammation During Major Depressive Episode: Multicentric Comparative Study.; the investigators make the following assumptions: 1) neuroinflammation in MDD can be measured by the [18 F ] DPA- 714 ; 2) it is accompanied by anatomical and functional changes in the frontal subcortical loops, strongly involved in MDD ; 3) neuroinflammation in patients might be a biomarker related to resistance to treatment in patients with MDD. If this assumptions are validated, then this study will enable a better understanding of the neuroinflammatory processes. This breakthrough could have a long term therapeutic impact, helping to target more specifically antidepressant drugs with anti-inflammatory action and / or drugs targeting neuroinflammation. AN  - NCT03314155 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Cerebral Neuroinflammation During Major Depressive Episode (InflaDep) TI  - Cerebral Neuroinflammation During Major Depressive Episode: Multicentric Comparative Study.
Pentoxifylline as an Adjunct to Citalopram in Adult Patients With Major Depressive Disorder: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial; The aim of this study is to test if combining the antidepressant Citalopram with Pentoxifylline (PTX), a medicine with anti-inflammatory and phosphodiesterase inhibitory properties, enhanced antidepressant efficacy in adult patients with major depressive disorder (MDD) when compared to Citalopram alone. AN  - NCT05271084 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Pentoxifylline as an Adjunct to Citalopram in Adult Patients With Major Depressive Disorder TI  - Pentoxifylline as an Adjunct to Citalopram in Adult Patients With Major Depressive Disorder: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial
A Single Center, Open Label Study Assessing the Feasibility, Safety and Therapeutic Effect of Minocycline in Adult Patients With Diagnosis of Unipolar Depression.; The secondary objectives of this study are to assess the therapeutic effect, the feasibility and safety of Minocycline in unipolar depression. AN  - NCT01574742 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Open Study Assessing the Feasibility of Minocycline in Patients With Unipolar Depression TI  - A Single Center, Open Label Study Assessing the Feasibility, Safety and Therapeutic Effect of Minocycline in Adult Patients With Diagnosis of Unipolar Depression.
Inflammatory, Behavioral and Neural Markers of Anhedonia in Major Depressive Disorder; The purpose of this research study is to better understand anhedonia in Major Depressive Disorder by investigating the reward-related neural and inflammatory correlates. AN  - NCT05629520 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Neurobiological Model of Anhedonia TI  - Inflammatory, Behavioral and Neural Markers of Anhedonia in Major Depressive Disorder
Comparing Analgesic Regimen Effectiveness and Safety for Surgery for Kids (CARES for Kids) Trial; This trial is being completed to compare two commonly used options to treat pain after discharge from surgery. Participants that undergo tonsil removal, gallbladder removal, and knee scope will be eligible to enroll. Eligible participants will be randomized to prescription of 1 of 2 groups of medications (Non-Steroidal Anti-Inflammatory Drugs (NSAIDs) plus acetaminophen or low dose opioids with the NSAIDs plus acetaminophen. The key question the study seeks to answer is which option will have the best outcomes and with the fewest side effects? AN  - NCT06671002 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Comparing Analgesic Regimen Effectiveness and Safety for Surgery for Kids Trial (CARES for Kids) TI  - Comparing Analgesic Regimen Effectiveness and Safety for Surgery for Kids (CARES for Kids) Trial
Pentoxifylline as a New Adjuvant in Adult Patients With Major Depressive Disorder: Randomized, Double Blind, Placebo Controlled Trial.; This study aimed to evaluate the therapeutic benefits of pentoxifylline (PTX) in treatment of adult patients with MDD as it has anti-inflammatory and phosphodiastrase inhibition activities. AN  - NCT03554447 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Role of Pentoxifylline as an Adjuvant Therapy for Adult Patients With Major Depressive Disorder TI  - Pentoxifylline as a New Adjuvant in Adult Patients With Major Depressive Disorder: Randomized, Double Blind, Placebo Controlled Trial.
Anti-Inflammatory Combination Therapy for the Treatment of Schizophrenia; 2. add-on anti-inflammatory combination therapy compared to placebo will not be associated with elevated adverse risk. AN  - NCT01514682 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Anti-Inflammatory Treatment of Schizophrenia TI  - Anti-Inflammatory Combination Therapy for the Treatment of Schizophrenia
Effects of Anti-inflammatory Diet on Inflammatory Markers, Anxiety, Depression and Quality of Life in Patients With Inflammatory Bowel Disease; For the first time, this study developed an anti-inflammatory diet （AID） recipe suitable for Inflammatory bowel disease（IBD） patients and developed an AID application program to verify the intervention effect of AID on IBD patients, which not only promoted the application of AID in IBD patients and promoted the promotion of AID model, but also provided new ideas for the prevention and treatment strategies for IBD patients. AN  - NCT06342011 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effect of Anti-inflammatory Diet in Patients With Inflammatory Bowel Disease TI  - Effects of Anti-inflammatory Diet on Inflammatory Markers, Anxiety, Depression and Quality of Life in Patients With Inflammatory Bowel Disease
Effects of Nonsteroidal Anti-Inflammatory Drugs (NSAIDs) in Recurrence of Spondyloarthritis (SPA) Patients After Remission：A Multicenter, Randomized, Controlled Study; The multicenter, randomized controlled trial is to investigate and evaluate the effect of NSAIDs therapy on recurrence in patients with axial spondyloarthritis; AN  - NCT03425812 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effects of Nonsteroidal Anti-Inflammatory Drugs in Recurrence of Spondyloarthritis Patients After Remission TI  - Effects of Nonsteroidal Anti-Inflammatory Drugs (NSAIDs) in Recurrence of Spondyloarthritis (SPA) Patients After Remission：A Multicenter, Randomized, Controlled Study
A Clinical Biomarker Study of Immunological Phenotypes Associated With Monoaminergic Anti-depressant Response, and the Brain and Cognitive Phenotypes Associated With Variation in Peripheral C-reactive Protein (CRP) Levels, in Patients With Major Depressive Disorder (MDD).; This is a study to characterise the role of inflammatory processes in depression. There is compelling evidence that inflammation is often associated with, and can cause, depression. It is currently less clear that antiinflammatory drugs have meaningful antidepressant effect. One of the goals is to identify the subset of depressed patients that is most likely to respond better to an antiinflammatory drug than to a conventional antidepressant. The investigators will therefore undertake a study of patients with a diagnosis of major depressive disorder including four groups: i) incompletely responsive patients who have demonstrated failure to respond consistently or completely to standard treatment, ii) those who have responded well to treatment and are not currently depressed, iii) untreated patients who are currently depressed, iv) healthy volunteers with no history of depression. Participants will undergo a clinical assessment, an interview with a trained member of the research team and will complete self-rated questionnaires. Investigators will collect blood and saliva samples to measure certain immune markers. They will also perform magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scans to look for MRI markers in the brain and investigate brain inflammation in a subsample of these patients using positron emission topography (PET) and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) sampling (also called lumbar puncture). AN  - NCT02752178 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Peripheral Immunomarker Validation in Treatment-resistant Depression (BIODEP) TI  - A Clinical Biomarker Study of Immunological Phenotypes Associated With Monoaminergic Anti-depressant Response, and the Brain and Cognitive Phenotypes Associated With Variation in Peripheral C-reactive Protein (CRP) Levels, in Patients With Major Depressive Disorder (MDD).
N-Acetyl Cysteine add-on to Antidepressant Medication in Therapy Refractory Major Depressive Disorder Patients With Increased Inflammatory Activity; The aim of this study is to evaluate the efficacy of N-acetylcysteine (NAC) add-on to antidepressant medication in treating patients who do not relieve during standard antidepressant treatment for 6 weeks at least. Meanwhile, secondary outcomes will include changes in some biomarkers and on specifically local brain activity (functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging, fMRI) and white matter integrity (Diffusion Tensor Imaging, DTI). The hypothesis of this study is that NAC has positive effects on refractory major depressive disorder patients with increased inflammatory activity. AN  - NCT02972398 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - N-Acetyl Cysteine Supplementation in Therapy Refractory Major Depressive Disorders TI  - N-Acetyl Cysteine add-on to Antidepressant Medication in Therapy Refractory Major Depressive Disorder Patients With Increased Inflammatory Activity
Neuroinflammation and Affective and Cognitive Symptoms in Patients Suffering From Major Depression and Psoriasis and Their Evolution With Treatment: A Prospective Study; Methodology: Observational prospective cohort study in patients diagnosed with major depression and patients with plaque psoriasis, who naturalistically undergo different treatments (systemic or biological for psoriasis, antidepressants for depression). Forty-one patients with major depression attending psychiatric consultations and 82 patients with psoriasis attending dermatology consultations at Hospital Universitari Germans Trias i Pujol aged 18 to 65 years old will be selected for inclusion. All of them will be assessed at baseline and after 4 months treatment through a series of demographic and clinical variables, psychiatric diagnosis, psychopathological scales and immunological and biochemical variables after blood draw for obtaining serum, peripheral blood mononuclear cell (PBMC) and extraction of total RNA. Investigators will analyze the correlation between immunological markers and affective and cognitive symptoms at baseline, as well as their variation after treatment. Subsequently, a bivariate comparative analysis will be carried out, where statistically significant or marginally significant variables associated with psychopathological variables will be used to construct a multivariate model of binary logistic regression. AN  - NCT04423471 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Neuroinflammation, Affective and Cognitive Symptoms in Major Depression and Psoriasis (INPSYDER) TI  - Neuroinflammation and Affective and Cognitive Symptoms in Patients Suffering From Major Depression and Psoriasis and Their Evolution With Treatment: A Prospective Study
The Role of PKC Activation in the Immune-inflammatory Mechanism of Major Depressive Depression; Major Depressive disorder (MDD) is a heterogeneous mental illness. Treated with antidepressants that act on the neurotransmitter and/or their receptors just remitted only one third of patients with MDD, Thus, to improve the efficacy is a major unmet need for depression. Based on the scientific reports, inflammation plays a definite role in the development and treatment of depression, which may be an important way to understand and finally solve the problem. Our team found that there were significant changes in tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-α and other inflammatory factors in depressed patients, which caused neuronal apoptosis and depressive symptoms; PRKCB1(gene of protein kinase C-β) plays an anti-inflammatory role by regulating protein kinase C(PKC) activation in specific brain region, improving neuroplasticity and playing an antidepressant role. In this study, we assumes that the treatment-resistant depression patients maybe due to the immune inflammation and PKC activation inconsistency or unsynchronized, which couldn't reversible microglia polarization and neuronal apoptosis in specific brain regions, then, caused the significant changes at emotional and cognitive neural circuits, so as to exhibit such as emotional, cognitive symptoms of depression. Therefore, activating PKC and regulating immune/inflammatory process will be another way to improve the treatment outcome of depression. Take consideration, we focus on treatment-resistant depression patients, to validate the relationship between PKC activation and the immune inflammatory mechanism of depression, evaluate the antidepressant effect of golimumab or calcium tablet (a PKC activator) plus escitalopram, and initially proposes idividualized treatment strategies for MDD. AN  - NCT04156425 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Role of PKC Activation in the Immune-inflammatory Mechanism of Major Depressive Depression TI  - The Role of PKC Activation in the Immune-inflammatory Mechanism of Major Depressive Depression
An Exploratory, Blinded, Randomized, Placebo-controlled Study in Subjects With Depressive Disorder to Investigate the Effect of Minocycline on Relapse After Successful Intravenous Ketamine/Minocycline-induced (Partial) Symptoms Response; The purpose of this study is to assess whether the antidepressant effect from intravenous (IV) ketamine treatment can be maintained by minocycline compared to placebo after IV ketamine treatment is stopped. AN  - NCT01809340 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Effect of Minocycline on Relapse After Successful Intravenous Ketamine/Minocycline-induced Symptoms Response in Subjects With Depression TI  - An Exploratory, Blinded, Randomized, Placebo-controlled Study in Subjects With Depressive Disorder to Investigate the Effect of Minocycline on Relapse After Successful Intravenous Ketamine/Minocycline-induced (Partial) Symptoms Response
Minocycline as an Adjunct for the Treatment of Depressive Symptoms: Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial; In this double blind randomised controlled pilot trial the investigators aim to determine the efficacy of minocycline as an adjunct to treatment as usual in patients with major depressive disorder. The investigators hypothesize that the multiple neuroprotective effects of minocycline will lead to an improvement in depressive symptoms in participants that were given minocycline plus treatment as usual AN  - NCT02263872 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Minocycline as an Adjunct for the Treatment of Depressive Symptoms: Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial TI  - Minocycline as an Adjunct for the Treatment of Depressive Symptoms: Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial
Combined Sertraline and Ketoprofen Administration in Major Depressive Disorder; Among the major depressive disorder (MDD) patients in the follow-up group, 16 were administered with 50 mg of oral sertralin once daily with placebo, whereas 28 were treated with 100 mg of ketoprofen once daily as adjuvant treatment for MDD. Controls do not take any medicine. AN  - NCT03514810 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Combined Sertraline and Ketoprofen Administration in Major Depressive Disorder (Srt+ktpMDD) TI  - Combined Sertraline and Ketoprofen Administration in Major Depressive Disorder
A Double-blind, Placebo-controlled, Randomized, Multicenter Proof-of-principle Trial of Adjunctive Minocycline for Patients With Unipolar Major Depressive Disorder (MDD); This study examines the antidepressant efficacy of minocycline as an adjunct to an antidepressant standard treatment (AD-ST), for patients with unipolar major depressive disorder (MDD). AN  - NCT02456948 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Adjunct Minocyline in Treatment-resistant Depression (Mino-TRD) TI  - A Double-blind, Placebo-controlled, Randomized, Multicenter Proof-of-principle Trial of Adjunctive Minocycline for Patients With Unipolar Major Depressive Disorder (MDD)
A Randomized Placebo-controlled Trial of Adjunctive D-cycloserine in Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for Major Depressive Disorder; Transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an approved treatment for depression. The purpose of this study is to test an adjunctive medication, D-cycloserine, in rTMS for depression using a placebo-controlled design. D-Cycloserine is a partial N-Methyl-D-Aspartate receptor (NMDAr) agonist, and therefore may enhance the effects of rTMS, however there is data to support and refute this hypothesis. Using a double-blind design, the investigators will randomize patients with Major Depressive Disorder to receive either daily low dose D-cycloserine or placebo in conjunction with rTMS to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. After 10 treatments (2 weeks), this double-blind period will conclude and all participants will receive an additional 10 treatments (2 weeks) of rTMS without any adjuncts. The primary outcome will be improvement in clinician rated depressive symptoms at the conclusion of the study. AN  - NCT03937596 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Adjunctive D-Cycloserine in Major Depressive Disorder TI  - A Randomized Placebo-controlled Trial of Adjunctive D-cycloserine in Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for Major Depressive Disorder
Efficacy of Adjunctive Sulforaphane for Depression: Study Protocol for a Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled Study; Major depressive disorder is a serious, recurrent and disabling mental disorder, which is the second leading cause of years lost to disability worldwide. Accumulating evidence suggests the important role for inflammation and oxidative stress in the pathophysiology of depression. Sulforaphane extracted from broccoli sprout is an agent with potent anti-oxidant and anti-inflammatory activity. Previous studies suggested sulforaphane activates Keap1-Nrf2 system to prevent depression-like phenotype in mice. In this study, the investigator attempts to evaluate the efficacy, safety, and tolerability of sulforaphane plus a fixed oral antipressant in adult participants diagnosed with depression. AN  - NCT04246905 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A 12-weeks Study to Evaluate Sulforaphane in the Treatment of Depression TI  - Efficacy of Adjunctive Sulforaphane for Depression: Study Protocol for a Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled Study
Depression, Obesity and Inflammatory Markers; The purpose of this study is to better understand the relationship between bipolar disorder, body weight, and inflammation in the body (N=180). People with bipolar depression (N = 50)will be offered a place in a pilot study looking to see if the antibiotic minocycline added to current psychiatric medications has an effect on mood. A separate consent form will be provided for the pilot study. Numerous studies have documented the presence of altered immune function and elevation of inflammatory markers in patients with depression. Studies suggest that major depression is accompanied by immune dysregulation and activation of the inflammatory response system. While a small number of studies have found elevated inflammatory markers in bipolar mania, very little has been reported about inflammation in bipolar depression, and none of these studies have addressed the relationship of inflammatory markers with obesity in bipolar disorder. AN  - NCT02765100 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Depression, Obesity and Inflammatory Markers TI  - Depression, Obesity and Inflammatory Markers
Inflammatory Markers and Resistant Depression; This study focuses on blood inflammatory markers (pro-inflammatory cytokines, anti-inflammatory cytokines, monocytes costimulation molecules) in patients with resistant unipolar depression in comparison with non-resistant unipolar depressed patients. AN  - NCT02847533 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Inflammatory Markers and Resistant Depression (InDep) TI  - Inflammatory Markers and Resistant Depression
The Role of Inflammation in Cognitive Dysfunction in Acute Depression as Determined by Experimental Inhibition of Tumor Necrosis Factor-alpha Signaling in a Randomized Controlled Trial.; This study is a mechanistic randomized controlled trial that investigates whether inhibition of tumor necrosis factor signaling via intravenous infusion of infliximab improves psychomotor speed and executive functioning in depressed individuals who exhibit an inflammatory phenotype. AN  - NCT06136546 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Cognitive Dysfunction and Inflammation in Depression: Experimental Inhibition Via Infliximab TI  - The Role of Inflammation in Cognitive Dysfunction in Acute Depression as Determined by Experimental Inhibition of Tumor Necrosis Factor-alpha Signaling in a Randomized Controlled Trial.
Comparative Study Between Transversus Abdominus Plain Block, Local Subcutaneous Injection in the Wound, and Intravenous Nalbuphine in Decreasing Postoperative Pain in Cesarean Section; Approximately 1 in 5 women who undergo CS will experience severe acute postoperative pain. The severity of pain in the acute postoperative period is a significant predictor for the development of chronic pain, which occurs in 9.2%-18% of women who undergo CS. Furthermore, severe acute post-cesarean pain triples a woman's risk of developing postpartum depression and negatively affects breastfeeding and infant care. For these reasons, it is imperative to provide adequate postoperative analgesia in this patient population AN  - NCT05276206 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Application of Transversus Abdominus Plain Block, Local Subcutaneous Injection and IV Nalbuphine TI  - Comparative Study Between Transversus Abdominus Plain Block, Local Subcutaneous Injection in the Wound, and Intravenous Nalbuphine in Decreasing Postoperative Pain in Cesarean Section
Improving Pain Management and Long Term Outcomes Following High Energy Orthopedic Trauma (Pain Study); Also, as a significant proportion of this population develops chronic post traumatic osteoarthritis (PTOA), a sub-objective of this study is to examine the etiology and incidence of chronic pain and PTOA in this population. AN  - NCT01789216 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Improving Pain Management and Long Term Outcomes Following High Energy Orthopedic Trauma (Pain Study) (PAIN) TI  - Improving Pain Management and Long Term Outcomes Following High Energy Orthopedic Trauma (Pain Study)
Prevalence Study of Gastrointestinal Risk Factors in Patients With Osteoarthritis, Rheumatoid Arthritis and Ankylosing Spondylitis Receiving Treatment With Non- Steroidal Anti- Inflammatory Drugs.; RATIONAL is a multinational, multicentre, observational, cross sectional study of adult patients in treatment with NSAID therapy for OA, RA or AS during for at least 2 weeks before study visit (at least one dose). AN  - NCT01577563 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Prevalence Study of Gastrointestinal Risk Factors in Patients With Osteoarthritis (OA), Rheumatoid Arthritis (RA) and Ankylosing Spondylitis (AS). (RATIONAL) TI  - Prevalence Study of Gastrointestinal Risk Factors in Patients With Osteoarthritis, Rheumatoid Arthritis and Ankylosing Spondylitis Receiving Treatment With Non- Steroidal Anti- Inflammatory Drugs.
N-methyl-D-aspartate Receptor (NMDAR)-Based Pharmacotherapy With D-cycloserine for Treatment-resistant Major Depressive Disorder; For many depression patients treatment changes are required, including switching to another antidepressant and addition of a second antidepressant or a non-antidepressant agent ("augmentation"). The need to modify treatment is usually necessary because of partial or no response to first-line monotherapy or the failure to achieve remission although treatment response (improvement) has been obtained. These caveats of presently available antidepressant drugs highlight the need for innovative pharmacological treatment strategies. Recent data suggest that N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor (NMDAR) antagonists and partial agonists at the NMDAR-associated glycine binding site may represent a novel type of antidepressant medications. These types of compounds protect vulnerable neurons against a variety of insults, including stress-induced damage, and may serve to enhance and maintain normal synaptic connectivity. In animal models, these compounds mimic the effects of clinically effective antidepressants. Furthermore, down-regulation of the glycine site of the NMDAR was found to be a common feature of currently used antidepressant medications. D-cycloserine (DCS , Seromycin) is a broad spectrum antibiotic, in use for over thirty years against tuberculosis, that acts as a partial agonist at the NMDAR-associated glycine site. Beneficial antidepressant effects have been reported with 500-1000 mg/day DCS regimens in depressed tuberculosis patients and recent preliminary findings suggest that DCS may also be beneficial in the treatment of major depressive disorder. The antidepressant effects of DCS seem to reflect consequences of its capacity to reduce NMDAR receptor function. In the present project, it is proposed to assess, using a random assignment, parallel-group, double blind, placebo controlled design, the effects of a NMDAR -antagonist DCS dose regimen, 250 --> 1000 mg/day for 6 wks, as adjuvant pharmacotherapy for treatment-resistant major depressive disorder patients. The study methodology includes the assessment of DCS effects upon symptoms profile, neurocognitive tests performance, amino acids serum levels, and brain electrophysiology parameters associated with the prepulse inhibition-startle response paradigm. It is hypothesized that significant beneficial DCS treatment effects will be registered. AN  - NCT00408031 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - D-cycloserine for Major Depressive Disorder TI  - N-methyl-D-aspartate Receptor (NMDAR)-Based Pharmacotherapy With D-cycloserine for Treatment-resistant Major Depressive Disorder
A Randomised, Placebo-controlled, Double-blind Trial of the Antidepressant Efficacy of a Novel CNS-penetrant P2X7 Receptor Antagonist, JNJ-54175446, in People With Major Depressive Disorder, an Incomplete Response to Monoaminergic Antidepressant Drugs, and a Biomarker Profile Predictive of Active P2X7 Signalling; The research team will recruit approximately up to 142 participants with MDD to this clinical trial. Patients will have moderate-severe depressive symptoms despite ongoing treatment with a conventional anti-depressant drug, and they will have blood test results at screening that indicate they are likely to have active P2X7 signalling in the brain. Eligible participants will be randomly allocated to receive either 50mg/day JNJ-54175446 or placebo for 8 weeks. Participants will be assessed at weeks 2, 5 and 8 using a standard clinical depression scale and the scores compared between those treated with placebo and those treated with JNJ-54175446. To understand more about the effects of JNJ-54175446 on the immune system and the brain, patients will also complete additional blood tests, questionnaires and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) brain scans at different visits throughout the trial. The trial will be carried out across 5 centres in the UK. AN  - NCT04116606 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Antidepressant Trial With P2X7 Antagonist JNJ-54175446 (ATP) TI  - A Randomised, Placebo-controlled, Double-blind Trial of the Antidepressant Efficacy of a Novel CNS-penetrant P2X7 Receptor Antagonist, JNJ-54175446, in People With Major Depressive Disorder, an Incomplete Response to Monoaminergic Antidepressant Drugs, and a Biomarker Profile Predictive of Active P2X7 Signalling
Natural History of Pain After Shoulder Arthroplasty Conducted With Multimodal Analgesia; This study aims to identify the timeline of pain following total shoulder replacement with the goal of developing data for a subsequent randomized trial. The investigators believe that with using HSS's current protocol, many patients have postoperative pain that is no worse than their preoperative pain. Previous HSS anesthesia protocols for total shoulder arthroplasty patients have not formally followed patients past their hospital discharge, and the investigators believe that some patients do experience moderate to severe subacute postoperative pain. Therefore, this study's primary outcome is to look at the numeric pain scores at 14 days after surgery. Future studies will look at measures of preventing bruising and subsequent pain after shoulder replacement. AN  - NCT03021096 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Natural History of Pain After Shoulder Arthroplasty Conducted With Multimodal Analgesia (TSA Pain) TI  - Natural History of Pain After Shoulder Arthroplasty Conducted With Multimodal Analgesia
Minocycline As Adjunctive Treatment for Treatment Resistant Depression: a Double Blind, Placebo-controlled, Randomized Trial; This trial will provide further evidence of minocycline's efficacy and acceptability as a treatment option for patients with TRD and provide insights into its mechanism of action. AN  - NCT03947827 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Minocycline As Adjunctive Treatment for Treatment Resistant Depression (MINDEP2) TI  - Minocycline As Adjunctive Treatment for Treatment Resistant Depression: a Double Blind, Placebo-controlled, Randomized Trial
The Impact of Psychotherapy on Hemodynamic and Inflammatory Risk Factors for Cardiovascular Disease in Major Depression; The purpose of this study is to determine whether treatment for depression with cognitive behavior therapy (CBT) is effective in reducing hemodynamic cardiovascular risk factors. Hemodynamic assessments including heart rate, heart rate variability, continues blood pressure, blood pressure variability, baroreceptor sensitivity and peripheral vascular resistance will be conducted at baseline, after treatment and 2-month follow up. In addition, circadian hemodynamic variations such as 24-hour heart rate variability, nocturnal blood pressure dipping and immunological biomarkers will be assessed. Eighty patients with Major Depression will be randomly assigned to either a CBT treatment condition (14 hour-long, weekly sessions) or a waitlist condition, to control for potential changes in hemodynamic parameters without any intervention and the impact of repeated-measurement. AN  - NCT02787148 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Psychotherapy and Cardiovascular Risk Factors in Depression TI  - The Impact of Psychotherapy on Hemodynamic and Inflammatory Risk Factors for Cardiovascular Disease in Major Depression
Comparing Analgesic Regimen Effectiveness and Safety for Surgery (CARES) Trial; It is anticipated that the NSAID group will have superior clinical outcomes and fewer side effects when compared to the opioid group. AN  - NCT05722002 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Comparing Analgesic Regimen Effectiveness and Safety for Surgery (CARES) Trial (CARES) TI  - Comparing Analgesic Regimen Effectiveness and Safety for Surgery (CARES) Trial
Multicenter, Prospective Clinical Trial for Optimizing TNF Inhibitor Dose Adjustment in Ankylosing Spondylitis Patients With Stable Disease Activity; Participants maintaining stable disease activity of Ankylosing Spondylitis (AS) with standard-dose tumor necrosis factor inhibitor (TNFi) treatment will randomly split into two groups: maintaining standard-dose TNFi, versus reduced-dose TNFi. The proportion of participants not underwent flare between the two groups will be analyzed. AN  - NCT05164198 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - REduCed Dose of TNFi in Patients With Ankylosing SpondyliTis (RECAST) TI  - Multicenter, Prospective Clinical Trial for Optimizing TNF Inhibitor Dose Adjustment in Ankylosing Spondylitis Patients With Stable Disease Activity
Transcutaneous Auricular Vagus Nerve Stimulation (taVNS) as an Anti-inflammatory Strategy for the Treatment of Depression Following Spinal Cord Injury; This study aims to explore a novel and non-invasive treatment strategy for depression in individuals with spinal cord injury. If taVNS is found to be safe, effective, and feasible for SCI patients, it could offer a simple, cost-effective way to address chronic inflammation and depression in this population. AN  - NCT06493071 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Transcutaneous Auricular Vagus Nerve Stimulation (taVNS) for Inflammation and Depression Following SCI TI  - Transcutaneous Auricular Vagus Nerve Stimulation (taVNS) as an Anti-inflammatory Strategy for the Treatment of Depression Following Spinal Cord Injury
Effects of Cholecalciferol on Depressive Symptoms in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients: Study of Neurotrophin-3, Serotonin, and C-Peptide; Vitamin D receptors are present in many organ systems, namely the pancreas, intestine, musculoskeletal, and nervous systems. Vitamin D has pleiotropic effects, which were seen from its mechanism as an anti-inflammatory, anti-apoptotic, and immunomodulatory agent. Based on the mechanism of Vitamin D action in the nervous system, which also plays a role in depression pathogenesis, vitamin D is hypothesized to have a beneficial effect on depression, both for depression prevention and treatment. Few studies denote that Vitamin D can improve depression in type 2 DM patients. Vitamin D may become an important adjuvant therapy to ameliorate depression in type 2 DM patients. These clinical trials concerning vitamin D in type 2 DM are relevant, reminding that type 2 DM resulted in higher morbidity, mortality, and numerous high-risk complications in the population. AN  - NCT04917458 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Cholecalciferol on Depressive Symptoms in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients TI  - Effects of Cholecalciferol on Depressive Symptoms in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients: Study of Neurotrophin-3, Serotonin, and C-Peptide
Minocycline and Aspirin in the Treatment of Bipolar Depression; The purpose of this study is to determine whether minocycline and aspirin are effective in the treatment of depression in individuals with bipolar disorder. AN  - NCT01429272 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Minocycline and Aspirin in the Treatment of Bipolar Depression (Minocycline) TI  - Minocycline and Aspirin in the Treatment of Bipolar Depression
The Effect of Acute Minocycline Administration on Emotional Processing and Cognition in Healthy Volunteers; There is growing interest in the possibility of producing more effective antidepressant treatments that target a wider range of pathways involved in depression, including anti-inflammatory and anti-glutamatergic systems. Minocycline is a novel pharmacological agent; in addition to its antibiotic and anti-inflammatory properties, it also acts in the brain as an anti-glutamatergic and anti-oxidant agent. Since both excessive glutamate and oxidative stress are implicated in major depression, and appear to be connected to pro-inflammatory activity, this drug offers a unique tool with which the investigators can measure the effects of targeting these pathways on emotional processing. Participants will receive a single dose of either the drug (200 mg minocycline) or placebo, and will then undergo a well-validated computerised battery of emotional processing tasks that have previously been shown to be sensitive to standard antidepressant drugs. Tasks include presentation of positive and negative emotional words or pictures, to which participants' responses are measured. These tasks have been widely used previously without any adverse effects. AN  - NCT03768557 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Effect of Acute Minocycline Administration on Emotional Processing and Cognition in Healthy Volunteers TI  - The Effect of Acute Minocycline Administration on Emotional Processing and Cognition in Healthy Volunteers
Effect of NSAIDs on Union, Opioid Utilization and Pain Management for Tibia Fractures: A Pragmatic, Randomized Controlled Trial; The proposed study is a two arm, pragmatic, randomized controlled multicenter Phase III noninferiority trial. 1,000 patients with tibia fractures treated with intramedullary (IM) nail will be randomized into two treatment arms. The control arm will receive standard pain management and no NSAIDs. The treatment arm will receive standard pain management plus up to six weeks of NSAIDs (3 weeks of prescribed medication followed by 3 weeks of medication PRN). AN  - NCT05000281 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effect of NSAIDs on Union, Opioid Utilization and Pain Management for Tibia Fractures TI  - Effect of NSAIDs on Union, Opioid Utilization and Pain Management for Tibia Fractures: A Pragmatic, Randomized Controlled Trial
Whole Body Hyperthermia and Major Depression (MDD); Major depressive disorder (MDD) is predicted to be the second leading cause of disability worldwide by the year 2020. The economic burden of depression in the United States is significant: $83.1 billion in 2000 and increasing. Much of this burden comes from the high rate of sub-optimal treatment outcomes associated with the disorder. Indeed, only 50% of MDD patients recover in less than 12 weeks with adequate treatment, and up to 20% of patients will fail to adequately respond to all currently available interventions. Moreover, current treatments come at the cost of significant central nervous system (CNS) side effects, further highlighting the need for more effective treatments with fewer side effects. This study will compare temperature ranges from the investigators preliminary studies involving thermoafferent pathways resulting in antidepressant actions with lower temperature ranges not expected to activate these pathways as a control condition, with the goal to evaluate whether previous observations were related to the temperature range in question or can be achieved with other levels. AN  - NCT01625546 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Whole Body Hyperthermia and Major Depression (MDD) TI  - Whole Body Hyperthermia and Major Depression (MDD)
Radiofrequency Ablation of the Medial Branch Nerve as a Novel Treatment for Posterior Element Pain From Vertebral Compression Fractures; The purpose of this study is to test the efficacy of radiofrequency ablation of the medial branch nerves (RFA-MBN) in relieving pain and improving physical function in patients with subacute and chronic vertebral compression fractures (VCF). AN  - NCT03651804 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Radiofrequency Ablation: Treatment for Posterior Element Pain From Vertebral Compression Fractures TI  - Radiofrequency Ablation of the Medial Branch Nerve as a Novel Treatment for Posterior Element Pain From Vertebral Compression Fractures
Dynamics of Inflammation and Its Blockade on Motivational Circuitry in Depression; This is a double-blind, placebo-controlled study in which participants will be randomized to receive one infusion of infliximab or placebo. The study will assess neuroimaging measures of corticostriatal circuitry before and after a placebo-controlled pharmacologic blockade of inflammation in 80 depressed patients. AN  - NCT03006393 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Dynamics of Inflammation and Its Blockade on Motivational Circuitry in Depression TI  - Dynamics of Inflammation and Its Blockade on Motivational Circuitry in Depression
Clinical Study to Compare the Possible Safety and Efficacy of Pentoxifylline and Celecoxib in Patients With Parkinson's Disease Treated With Conventional Treatment; Neuroinflammation is considered one of the most important factors contributing critically to pathophysiology of PD . Recently, high mobility group box-1 (HMGB1) protein has been encoded as a potential inflammatory biomarker in PD. HMGB1 mediates immune response mostly through endothelial cells and macrophage activation via targeting two vital cell receptors; Toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4) and advanced glycation end products (RAGE). HMGB1 leads to a sequential cascade of inflammatory response through enhanced release of tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-α) and interleukins (ILs), prominently IL-1β and IL-6. HMGB1 mediated also up-regulation of nuclear factor kappa-β (NF-κB) with subsequent flared pro-inflammatory storm. AN  - NCT05962957 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Role of Pentoxifylline and Celecoxib in Parkinsonism TI  - Clinical Study to Compare the Possible Safety and Efficacy of Pentoxifylline and Celecoxib in Patients With Parkinson's Disease Treated With Conventional Treatment
A Randomized Controlled, Single-blind, Esketamine Adjuvant Therapy for the Efficacy and Safety of Patients With Chronic Visceral Pain Comorbid Major Depressive Disorder; observation period: After 2 weeks, esketamine treatment was discontinued, and observation was continued for 2 weeks. Maintain duloxetine and pregabalin treatment. AN  - NCT04847245 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Esketamine Adjuvant Therapy for Patients With Chronic Visceral Pain Comorbid Major Depressive Disorder TI  - A Randomized Controlled, Single-blind, Esketamine Adjuvant Therapy for the Efficacy and Safety of Patients With Chronic Visceral Pain Comorbid Major Depressive Disorder
Clinical Study of Cang Ai Volatile Oil (CAVO) on Mild to Moderate Depression in Children and Adolescents; A randomized controlled trial was conducted to observe the improvement of mild to moderate depressive symptoms in children and adolescents with the aromatic herbal compound Cang Ai Volatile Oil (CAVO) and to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of the clinical application of CAVO. AN  - NCT05789186 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Clinical Study of Cang Ai Volatile Oil (CAVO) on Mild to Moderate Depression in Children and Adolescents TI  - Clinical Study of Cang Ai Volatile Oil (CAVO) on Mild to Moderate Depression in Children and Adolescents
Open Treatment of Minocycline in Geriatric Depression; This research study will examine whether elderly depressed patients whose depressive symptoms do not respond satisfactorily to therapy with a mood stabilizer or antidepressant alone gain any benefit from taking minocycline alone or in addition to their antidepressant or mood stabilizer medication. Minocycline is a commonly used antibiotic medication with anti-inflammatory properties. It is hoped that information gained from this study will help the investigators better understand the role of inflammation in depression, and whether decreasing inflammation will lead to improvement in the symptoms of depression and cognitive function. AN  - NCT01659320 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Open Treatment of Minocycline in Geriatric Depression TI  - Open Treatment of Minocycline in Geriatric Depression
A Multisite, Fixed Dose, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled 12-Week Study Evaluating the Efficacy, Safety, and Tolerability of Adjunctive Infliximab for the Treatment of Bipolar I/II Depression; Studies show the presence of immuno-inflammatory disturbances in individuals with Bipolar Disorders (BD). Increased levels of circulating proteins known as cytokines that promote inflammation have been consistently reported in individuals with bipolar disorders. A particular cytokine referred to as Tumor Necrosis Factor (TNF)-alpha is among those cytokines that have been consistently identified across depressive, manic, and euthymic periods. Disturbances in inflammation however, are not seen in all individual with bipolar disorder. Those individuals with signs of inflammation also often present with higher prevalence of medical disorders that are also associated with inflammation. Those individuals with significant signs of inflammation may respond to anti-inflammatory treatments. In this study, individuals with bipolar depression who exhibit signs of high inflammation will be enrolled and treated with either an anti-inflammatory biologic known as infliximab or placebo (saline). AN  - NCT02363738 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - 12-Week Study Evaluating the Efficacy, Safety, and Tolerability of Adjunctive Infliximab for Bipolar I/II Depression TI  - A Multisite, Fixed Dose, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled 12-Week Study Evaluating the Efficacy, Safety, and Tolerability of Adjunctive Infliximab for the Treatment of Bipolar I/II Depression
STRIKE - Treating Patients With Early Axial Spondyloarthritis to Target - a 1 Year Randomized Controlled Study Taking an Intense Treatment Approach Versus Routine Treatment; A study comparing a treat-to-target (T2T) intense treatment approach with routine treatment (Standard of Care [SOC]) in reducing disease activity in participants with axial spondyloarthritis (axSpA). AN  - NCT02897115 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study Treating Participants With Early Axial Spondyloarthritis (axSpA) Taking an Intense Treatment Approach Versus Routine Treatment (STRIKE) TI  - STRIKE - Treating Patients With Early Axial Spondyloarthritis to Target - a 1 Year Randomized Controlled Study Taking an Intense Treatment Approach Versus Routine Treatment
Depression-Reduction by Accelerated Personalized NeuroModulation and Its Effects on Sleep; Advances in repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) protocols with intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS) have significantly decreased the duration for one single session and thereby enabled accelerated treatment plans with multiple sessions per day, potentially reducing the total treatment duration. This randomized, placebo-controlled study investigates the effects of accelerated iTBS treatment with connectivity-informed neuronavigation on symptom severity, sleep, interoception, and cognitive control in patients with major depressive disorder and with or without comorbid borderline personality disorder using magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). AN  - NCT04832750 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Depression-Reduction by Accelerated Personalized NeuroModulation and Its Effects on Sleep (DREAMS) TI  - Depression-Reduction by Accelerated Personalized NeuroModulation and Its Effects on Sleep
Specialized Pro-resolving Lipid Mediators and Treatment Resistant Depression; During the course of the study, blood tests will be obtained for compounds associated with inflammation, and questionnaires to measure clinical improvement in depressive symptoms will be administered. AN  - NCT05774665 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Specialized Pro-resolving Lipid Mediators and Treatment Resistant Depression TI  - Specialized Pro-resolving Lipid Mediators and Treatment Resistant Depression
Palmitoylethanolamide (PEA) vs Placebo for Major Depression: a Phase II Exploratory Study; Major Depression is often resistant to treatment, and all of the currently marketed anti-depressants can cause significant side effects and may precipitate mania. The aim of this proposal is to perform a proof-of-concept RCT testing Palmitoylethanolamide (PEA) as a treatment for unipolar or bipolar depression, randomizing 100 patients to 6-week treatment with PEA 1200 mg/d or matching placebo. There are several rationales for this study: (A) PEA acts at the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-alpha (PPAR-α), stimulating Allo biosynthesis. Allo is an endogenous, positive allosteric modulator of GABA-A receptors in glutamatergic neurons, including cortical and hippocampal pyramidal glutamatergic neurons and may be one of the endogenous regulators of depression and anxiety. (B) Sage Therapeutics has developed Allo which is FDA approved to treat post-partum depression, and is testing a molecular modification which can be administered orally for post-partum depression and unipolar depression, with mixed efficacy results. Pregnenolone, a precursor of neurosteroids, has also been reported to improve bipolar depression. Based on animal models, PEA increases Allo synthesis in areas of the brain thought to be involved in anxiety and depression. It may also favor the biosynthesis of sulfated forms of Allo and congeners that inhibit tonic rather than phasic NMDA-mediated excitatory neurotransmission. Showing that PEA-induced selective inhibition of tonic NMDA neurotransmission improves depression might enable development of steroid-based NMDA-inhibitor therapeutics. In addition, PEA-induced Allo upregulation potentiates GABA-A receptor-mediated inhibition. The NMDA and the GABAergic mechanisms may act in concert to improve behavioral outcomes. Since PEA increases Allo in the brain where it is endogenously formed, it might be more effective compared with exogenous administration, which is not site specific. There is evidence of a role of inflammation in depression; PEA has potent immunoregulatory and anti-inflammatory effects by directly activating PPAR-α, which has a protective role against neuroinflammation by inhibiting the signaling mediated by toll-like receptor 4.There is one published study which shows that PEA has an antidepressant effect in unipolar depression, 58 patients were randomized to receive 1200 mg/d of PEA or placebo added-on to citalopram, showing clinical improvements in patients receiving PEA. AN  - NCT06063369 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - PEA vs. Placebo for Major Depression (PEA-01) TI  - Palmitoylethanolamide (PEA) vs Placebo for Major Depression: a Phase II Exploratory Study
Psychophysiological Effects of Lactobacillus Plantarum PS128 in Patients With Major Depressive Disorder :an 8-week Double-blind, Placebo-controlled Trial; Method: This is a two-phase study. In the first phase, the investigators will recruited patients fulfilling the following inclusion criteria: Age 20-65; fulfill Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders fifth version (DSM-V) criteria of major depressive episode in recent 2 years; Psychotropics including antidepressants, antipsychotics and hypnotics have been kept unchanged for at least 1 months. The exclusion criteria are: comorbid with schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, or other substance use (except tobacco) disorder; having active suicidal or homicidal ideation; known allergy to probiotics; comorbid with diabetes mellitus, irritable bowel syndrome, inflammatory bowl disease, liver cirrhosis, or autoimmune diseases; known active bacterial, fungal, or viral infections in one month; use of antibiotics, steroid, immunosuppressants, probiotics, or synbiotics in the month before collecting blood and fecal samples; pregnant or lactating women; who state to have dietary pattern changed or in diet within previous two months. Those with HAMD-17 >=14 in the first screen will be randomized to PS-128 or placebo, with the ratio of 1:1, in the second phase intervention. In the second phase intervention, the investigators will give eligible patients Lactobacillus plantarum PS128 or placebo for 8 weeks, and compare depression symptoms, gut microbiota, gut permeability, and serum inflammation level before and after intervention. AN  - NCT04199845 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - 8-week of PS128 RCT in Patients With Major Depressive Disorder TI  - Psychophysiological Effects of Lactobacillus Plantarum PS128 in Patients With Major Depressive Disorder :an 8-week Double-blind, Placebo-controlled Trial
Minocycline for Bipolar Disorder; The purpose of this study is to evaluate minocycline as a potential treatment for bipolar depression when added to a mood-stabilizing medication. Minocycline is an antibiotic that is approved for the treatment of infections and acne. Participation in this research study is expected to last 8 weeks, and includes five outpatient visits. AN  - NCT01514422 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Minocycline for Bipolar Depression TI  - Minocycline for Bipolar Disorder
Effect of Lactobacillus Plantarum 299v Supplementation on Major Depression Treatment; The aim of the study is to determine the influence of supplementation of probiotic Lactobacillus Plantarum 299V vs. placebo of probiotic during antidepressant monotherapy with SSRI (Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitor) in patients with major depression. AN  - NCT02469545 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effect of Lactobacillus Plantarum 299v Supplementation on Major Depression Treatment TI  - Effect of Lactobacillus Plantarum 299v Supplementation on Major Depression Treatment
Study on the Optimal Diagnosis and Treatment Strategy of Major Depressive Disorder Based on Anhedonia; This study is a multicenter clinical research and focuses on the exploring of optimal diagnosis and treatment strategies of MDD based on anhedonia. AN  - NCT05389046 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study on the Optimal Diagnosis and Treatment Strategy of Major Depressive Disorder Based on Anhedonia TI  - Study on the Optimal Diagnosis and Treatment Strategy of Major Depressive Disorder Based on Anhedonia
Reduce Nonsteroidal Antiinflammatory Drugs Doses for Analgesia After Sternotomy; This optimal dose could reduce the number of adverse effects of NSAIDs, but their study will probably not have enough power to prove it. NSAID use at these low doses, in postoperative cardiac surgery, could be extended to patient populations most at risk or for a duration longer than 48 hours. AN  - NCT02180087 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Reduce Nonsteroidal Antiinflammatory Drugs Doses for Analgesia After Sternotomy (LoDoNSAID) TI  - Reduce Nonsteroidal Antiinflammatory Drugs Doses for Analgesia After Sternotomy
Combination of NMDA-enhancing and Anti-inflammatory Treatments for Schizophrenia; Previous studies found that some NMDA-enhancing agents were able to improve clinical symptoms of patients with chronic schizophrenia. In addition, several drugs with anti-inflammatory properties have been tested in clinical trials for the treatment of schizophrenia too. Whether combined treatment of an NMDA-enhancing agent and a drug with anti-inflammatory property can be better than an NMDA-enhancing agent alone deserves study. AN  - NCT04917302 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Combination of NMDA-enhancing and Anti-inflammatory Treatments for Schizophrenia TI  - Combination of NMDA-enhancing and Anti-inflammatory Treatments for Schizophrenia
A Randomized, Placebo-Controlled Trial of Duloxetine Added to Nonsteroidal Anti-inflammatory Drugs in Patients With Knee Pain Due to Osteoarthritis Who Have Had Suboptimal Response to Nonsteroidal Anti-inflammatory Drug Treatment.; The study will test the hypothesis that, in patients with knee pain due to osteoarthritis (OA) who are taking nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) but still have significant knee pain, duloxetine 60 to 120 milligrams (mg) daily for 10 weeks will provide additional reduction in pain. AN  - NCT01018680 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study Comparing Duloxetine Versus Placebo in Patients Taking a Nonsteroidal Anti-inflammatory Drug (NSAID) for Knee Pain Due to Osteoarthritis TI  - A Randomized, Placebo-Controlled Trial of Duloxetine Added to Nonsteroidal Anti-inflammatory Drugs in Patients With Knee Pain Due to Osteoarthritis Who Have Had Suboptimal Response to Nonsteroidal Anti-inflammatory Drug Treatment.
EXPERIMENTAL ANTIVIRAL TREATMENT OF CYTOMEGALOVIRUS IN DEPRESSION: AFFECTIVE, NEURAL, AND INFLAMMATORY MECHANISMS; This study aims to determine whether treatment of CMV positive (CMV+) individuals with major depressive disorder (MDD) with valganciclovir (VGCV) alters neural circuitry, reduces inflammation, and improves depressive behavior and symptoms to a greater extent than placebo. In this double-blind, randomized placebo-controlled, parallel group trial, 24 individuals with a Quick Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology-Self Report (QIDS-SR) scale score ≥ 14 will be enrolled to participate in an 8-week treatment study. Participants will be randomized with a 1-1 ratio to receive 900 milligrams (mg) VGCV or placebo to be taken orally once per day. Participants will complete a 2-hour pre-screen, a baseline blood-draw, clinical evaluation, and MRI scan (visit 2), a clinical evaluation, blood draw, and MRI scan at week 4 (visit 6), and a clinical evaluation, blood draw, and MRI scan at week 8 (visit 10). Weekly telephonic visits to assess depressive symptoms and side effects will held between the in-person assessments. AN  - NCT04724447 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - ANTIVIRAL TREATMENT OF CYTOMEGALOVIRUS IN DEPRESSION TI  - EXPERIMENTAL ANTIVIRAL TREATMENT OF CYTOMEGALOVIRUS IN DEPRESSION: AFFECTIVE, NEURAL, AND INFLAMMATORY MECHANISMS
A 12-week, Randomized, Double-blind, and Placebo-controlled Study Evaluating the Effect of Probiotic Supplementation on the Mental Status, Inflammation, And Intestinal Barrier in Major Depressive Disorder Patients Using Gluten-free or Gluten-containing Diet; More and more evidence confirms the relationship between the gut-brain-microbiota axis and the symptoms of mood disorders. A potential pathway connecting the intestines and the brain in depression is inflammation. Interventions for reducing inflammation and restoring the integrity of the intestinal mucosa are promising approaches in patients with major depressive disorder (MDD). Gut dysbiosis and the diet containing gluten are potential factors may be factors that negatively affect the communication between intestinal and brain. Gluten has a high immunogenic potential and affinity for the intestinal mucosa layer. In patients with an abnormal reaction to gluten, the elimination diet led to improved mood symptoms. However, the relationship between gluten and depression is still poorly understood. Intestinal microbiota can affect the digestion of gluten and reduce its immunogenic potential. Studies have shown that probiotic supplementation has an anti-inflammatory effect, can lead to changes in intestinal permeability and alleviate the symptoms of depression. This evidence supports the need for co-therapy, including the elimination of gluten and the restoration of intestinal eubiosis to reduce inflammation and modulate the gut-brain-microbiota axis. The objective of the SANGUT study is to determine the impact of interventions concerning the gut-brain-microbiota axis (probiotic supplementation, gluten-free diet and their combination) on the mental state, markers of inflammation and markers of intestinal permeability in adult patients with MDD. The study will last 12 weeks and consist of four visits (V): V0 - Screening (Day 0), V1 - Baseline (up to 1 week after Screening), V2 (six weeks after Baseline), V3 - End of the study (12 weeks after Baseline). The main hypothesis is that probiotic supplementation and/or a gluten-free diet will reduce the symptoms of depression, lower the level of inflammatory markers and favourably affect the integrity of the intestinal mucosal barrier. AN  - NCT03877393 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Effect of Probiotic Supplementation on the Mental Status, Inflammation, and Intestinal Barrier in Major Depressive Disorder Patients Using Gluten-free or Gluten-containing Diet (SANGUT) TI  - A 12-week, Randomized, Double-blind, and Placebo-controlled Study Evaluating the Effect of Probiotic Supplementation on the Mental Status, Inflammation, And Intestinal Barrier in Major Depressive Disorder Patients Using Gluten-free or Gluten-containing Diet
Health Promotion in the Prevention of Anxiety and Depression: the Happy Older Latinos Are Active (HOLA Study); The purpose of this study is to look at the best ways to prevent anxiety and depression in older Latino adults who are at risk for developing anxiety and depression. Participants will be randomized to either a health promotion intervention or a healthy lifestyles education program. AN  - NCT03870360 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Preventing Anxiety and Depression in Older Hispanics (HOLAA&D) TI  - Health Promotion in the Prevention of Anxiety and Depression: the Happy Older Latinos Are Active (HOLA Study)
The Effects of the Anti-inflammatory Microbe - Pasteurized Akkermansia Muciniphila (PAM) on Symptoms of Somatic and Mental Stress in Healthcare Professionals; Gut microbiota alterations secondary to chronic stress might serve as a triggering factor towards manifestation of somatic and mental symptoms. The administration of pasteurised A. muciniphila MucT has the capability of supporting microbiota and improving the gut barrier integrity, which might lead to decrease of inflammation and the negative health consequences of stress in healthy participants. AN  - NCT05738746 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Efficacy of Pasteurised Akkermansia Muciniphila in Healthy Medical Workers (MENTAkHEALTH) TI  - The Effects of the Anti-inflammatory Microbe - Pasteurized Akkermansia Muciniphila (PAM) on Symptoms of Somatic and Mental Stress in Healthcare Professionals
Inflammation-Induced CNS Glutamate Changes in Depression; The proposed research is designed to determine the cause and effect relationship between inflammation and CNS glutamate as well as the relationship between CNS glutamate and specific symptoms. To accomplish these aims, investigators will administer a single infusion of either the tumor necrosis factor (TNF) antagonist infliximab or placebo (n=30 per group) to patients with high inflammation (CRP>3mg/L). A CRP>3mg/L was chosen because it is considered high inflammation according to guidelines by the American Heart Association. Moreover, a CRP>3mg/L is associated with significantly increased basal ganglia glutamate and with a clinical response to infliximab. Inflammatory biomarkers, basal ganglia glutamate as measured by MRS, and motivation and psychomotor activity will be assessed at baseline and days 1 and 3 and weeks 1 and 2 following infliximab or placebo administration. AN  - NCT03004443 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Inflammation-Induced CNS Glutamate Changes in Depression TI  - Inflammation-Induced CNS Glutamate Changes in Depression
Optimize and Predict Antidepressant Efficacy for Patient With Major Depressive Disorders Using Multi-omics Analysis and AI-predictive Tool; OPADE is a non-profit, observational, multicenter, open-label study aimed at defining personalized treatment for Major Depressive Disorder (MDD). In particular, we will combine genetics, epigenetics, microbiome, immune response data together with anamnesis, questionnaires, electroencephalography (EEG) collected from subjects suffering MDD. Eventually, an Artificial Intelligence (AI)/Machine Learning (ML) predictive tool will be created to guide clinicians in improving MDD treatment and patient's stratification. AN  - NCT06550037 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Optimize and Predict Antidepressant Efficacy for Patient With MDD Using Multi-omics Analysis and AI-predictive Tool (OPADE) TI  - Optimize and Predict Antidepressant Efficacy for Patient With Major Depressive Disorders Using Multi-omics Analysis and AI-predictive Tool
Naturalistic Study of Ketamine in the Treatment of Depression: Suicide Risk Assessment and Serum Measurements of SIRT3, suPAR, hsCRP, Interleukin 6, Complete Blood Count, Leptin, Lipid Profile and Blood Glucose; This study aims to examine the effect of ketamine in decreasing the risk of suicide in patients with depression and its effectiveness as an antidepressant agent. AN  - NCT05249309 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Naturalistic Study of Ketamine in the Treatment of Depression TI  - Naturalistic Study of Ketamine in the Treatment of Depression: Suicide Risk Assessment and Serum Measurements of SIRT3, suPAR, hsCRP, Interleukin 6, Complete Blood Count, Leptin, Lipid Profile and Blood Glucose
A Pharmacokinetic Study of Adjunctive D-cycloserine to Intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation in Major Depressive Disorder; Research Question and Objectives: To describe the pharmacokinetic profile of 100mg oral D-cycloserine and weight-based oral D-cycloserine dosed 25mg/17.5kg among individuals with depression undergoing non-invasive intermittent theta-burst stimulation to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) in Major Depressive Disorder. AN  - NCT05731323 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - D-Cycloserine+iTBS PK Study TI  - A Pharmacokinetic Study of Adjunctive D-cycloserine to Intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation in Major Depressive Disorder
Post-marketing Carcinogenicity Study of Bupropion; There is a lack of toxicology data on one bupropion metabolite, and limited literature examining bupropion use and cancer risk. This study evaluates the association between bupropion exposure and the development of cancer of the prostate, breast, lung, colon/rectum, urinary bladder, and uterus by comparing the risk of cancer in bupropion users with other antidepressant users. Because there is no evidence that bupropion is associated with any particular cancer, we have chosen the six most common cancers diagnosed in the United States to optimize statistical power/precision for cancer-site specific comparisons. Two US population-based data resources with automated claims, pharmacy, and tumor registry data are included in this study. Using a nested case-control design, this study will compare the incidence of cancer in patients exposed to bupropion with the incidence in patients exposed to other antidepressants. AN  - NCT01077596 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Carcinogenicity Study of Bupropion TI  - Post-marketing Carcinogenicity Study of Bupropion
A Multicenter, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Parallel-Group Study Followed by an Open-Label Extension to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Fremanezumab for Preventive Treatment of Migraine in Patients With Major Depressive Disorder; The total duration of participant participation in the study is planned to be approximately 28 weeks. AN  - NCT04041284 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Fremanezumab for Preventive Treatment of Migraine in Patients With Major Depressive Disorder TI  - A Multicenter, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Parallel-Group Study Followed by an Open-Label Extension to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Fremanezumab for Preventive Treatment of Migraine in Patients With Major Depressive Disorder
Effect of Auricular Press Needle on Improvement of Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ-9) and Heart Rate Variability (HRV) Patient With Depression Symptoms in Chronic Pain; The outcomes that will be assessed in this study are Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ-9) score and Heart Rate Variability (HRV). AN  - NCT06401070 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effect of Auricular Press Needle on Improvement of Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ-9) and Heart Rate Variability (HRV) Patient With Depression Symptoms in Chronic Pain TI  - Effect of Auricular Press Needle on Improvement of Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ-9) and Heart Rate Variability (HRV) Patient With Depression Symptoms in Chronic Pain
Understanding the Neurocognitive Effects of Fecal Microbiota Transplantation in Major Depressive Disorder Patients With and Without Irritable Bowel Syndrome; The primary goals of this study are to determine effectiveness, safety and tolerability of oral FMT in adults with MDD and in MDD who have comorbid IBS. Additional goals are to characterize patterns and progressions of cognitive and neural correlates associated with MDD and with MDD + IBS and to determine if they improve with FMT. It is known that both, individuals with MDD and those with MDD and IBS show cognitive alterations as well as changes in neural structures, but this study is designed to see if those are changed with treatment response to FMT." AN  - NCT05174273 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Neurocognitive Effects of FMT in MDD Patients With and Without IBS TI  - Understanding the Neurocognitive Effects of Fecal Microbiota Transplantation in Major Depressive Disorder Patients With and Without Irritable Bowel Syndrome
Effect of COX-2 Selective Inhibitors on Postoperative Insulin Resistance, Tramadol PCA and Early Postoperative Enteral Nutrition in Patients After Gastrointestinal Laparoscopic Surgery; The main aim of this study was to invest whether effective postoperative analgesia can reduce the stress response and insulin resistance. AN  - NCT01930318 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effect of COX-2 Selective Inhibitors on Postoperative Insulin Resistance After Gastrointestinal Laparoscopic Surgery TI  - Effect of COX-2 Selective Inhibitors on Postoperative Insulin Resistance, Tramadol PCA and Early Postoperative Enteral Nutrition in Patients After Gastrointestinal Laparoscopic Surgery
Targeting Inflammation in Depression Using Minocycline: a Patient Stratification Approach Using Peripheral Inflammatory Biomarkers, PET and MRI; A subgroup of patients will be subjected to MRI and 11C PK PET assessment at baseline and after 8 weeks of treatment with Minocycline. AN  - NCT06207760 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effect of Minocycline on Inflammation in Depressed Patients TI  - Targeting Inflammation in Depression Using Minocycline: a Patient Stratification Approach Using Peripheral Inflammatory Biomarkers, PET and MRI
The Impact of Psychological Interventions (With and Without Exercise) on Psychometric and Immunological Measures in Patients With Major Depression; The objective of this study is to compare the impact of i) Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (CBT) combined with exercise, ii)CBT combined with euthymic therapy, and iii) 'Cognitive Behavioral Analysis System of Psychotherapy' (CBASP) on psychometric and immunological measures in patients with major depression. AN  - NCT01464463 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Impact of Psychological Interventions on Psychometric and Immunological Measures in Patients With Major Depression TI  - The Impact of Psychological Interventions (With and Without Exercise) on Psychometric and Immunological Measures in Patients With Major Depression
The Effects of Minocycline on Opioid-induced Hyperalgesia in Opioid-Maintained Patients; Opioids are the most commonly utilized pharmacological treatment for moderate to severe pain. However, their clinical value is hindered by the development of opioid-induced hyperalgesia (OIH). OIH manifests as heightened pain sensitivity, and is an increasingly challenging drawback to the efficacy of opioid treatment. Although the mechanism of action modulating OIH is not completely understood, previous animal studies suggest that this phenomenon is a result of proinflammatory responses. Thus, administering an adjunct anti-inflammatory agent may attenuate OIH. Minocycline is one such agent; it is a tetracycline derivative antibiotic that inhibits microglia activation, nitric oxide (NO) production, and the release of pro-inflammatory cytokines and chemokines. In fact, recent evidence suggests that minocycline may attenuate the neuroinflammatory effects of opioids while enhancing their antinociceptive effects. Therefore, the investigators will determine if minocycline will mitigate OIH in methadone-maintained patients. AN  - NCT02359006 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Effects of Minocycline in Opioid-maintained Patients TI  - The Effects of Minocycline on Opioid-induced Hyperalgesia in Opioid-Maintained Patients
Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial of Theophylline for Attenuation of Lipopolysaccharide-Induced Depressive Symptoms; Depression is very common and poses a huge disease burden. About 20% of the US population suffers from depression at least once in their lifetime. Inflammations that are hidden inside our body as a result of aging, obesity, chronic diseases, or certain treatments (e.g., interferon for hepatitis C) appear to cause depressive symptoms and even clinical depression. Individuals with such inflammations are more likely to suffer from depression and are less likely to respond to currently available antidepressant medications. This study will test theophylline, a medication currently used for asthma treatment, as a new way to mitigate depressive symptoms in response to such inflammations. This study begins with a 90-minute screening session to determine whether participants are eligible to join the main study. Those who meet the eligibility criteria will then join the main study, which will consist of taking theophylline or methylcellulose (i.e., oral placebo) for 2 weeks at home and an 8-hour session at the UCLA Medical Center. Approximately 20 healthy adults will be recruited for participation in the study. During the course of the study, participants will take theophylline or methylcellulose for 2 weeks at home and then will be injected either lipopolysaccharide (LPS) or saline (i.e., intravenous placebo) at the UCLA Medical Center. LPS is a bacterial substance that can initiate chemical reactions that are similar to those seen in individuals with mild sickness symptoms, such as a slight increase in body temperature, muscle aches, or tiredness. It is a safe way of investigating the body's response to inflammation and how these changes may alter cognitive, emotional, or neural function. It has been given thousands of times to healthy volunteers - both younger and older adults - without any serious side effects. AN  - NCT04309877 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Theophylline for Depression Study (T-DEP) TI  - Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial of Theophylline for Attenuation of Lipopolysaccharide-Induced Depressive Symptoms
A Multi-level Life-span Characterization of Adult-depression and Effects of Medication and Exercise; This pilot study aims to test a model that predicts that enhanced neurotransmitter gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) function in reward and affect-regulation central nervous system (CNS) circuits mediates the antidepressant effects of exercise. State-of-the-art magnetic resonance (MR) imaging, cognitive assessment, accelerometry, genetic, and inflammatory biomarkers will be acquired through the coordination of efforts from several established research programs at Western Psychiatric Institute and Clinic. This pilot study will be used as a platform for testing a causal/mediating role of GABA interneurons in reward processing and affect regulation in humans. This pilot study is not powered for testing a full causal model, but rather is intended to test overall feasibility of the intervention and acquisition of measures (see specific aim 1 below). This is a necessary prerequisite for designing a larger more definitive study of the model, which will be a component of a future grant application. Additionally, the data from this study will be used to test the clinical efficacy of exercise as an adjunctive treatment for late life depression (LLD; Specific Aim 2), as well as imaging, cognitive, and sleep aims (Specific Aims 3 and 4). AN  - NCT02407704 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Multi-level Life-span Characterization of Adult-depression and Effects of Medication and Exercise (MEDEX) TI  - A Multi-level Life-span Characterization of Adult-depression and Effects of Medication and Exercise
Real World Examination of Fibromyalgia: Longitudinal Evaluation of Costs and Treatments (The REFLECTIONS Study); The primary benefit of this study is enhanced understanding of the disease state of FM and the role that pharmacologic treatment plays, which may help to optimize management of FM. This study will address current gaps in a rapidly growing body of literature on FM. AN  - NCT00725101 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Fibromyalgia Health Outcome Study on Cost of Treatments (REFLECTIONS) TI  - Real World Examination of Fibromyalgia: Longitudinal Evaluation of Costs and Treatments (The REFLECTIONS Study)
Role of Ibuprofen and Other Medicines on Severity of Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) Infections: a Case-control Study; It is therefore proposed to conduct a case-control study in a cohort of patients admitted to hospital in France with COVID-19 infection. AN  - NCT04383899 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Role of Ibuprofen and Other Medicines on Severity of Coronavirus Disease 2019 (RISC) TI  - Role of Ibuprofen and Other Medicines on Severity of Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) Infections: a Case-control Study
The Application of Transversus Abdominis Plane Block Plus Rectus Sheath Block in Peritoneal Dialysis Catheter Placement and Analgesia Based on Transversus Abdominis Plane Block Combined With κ Receptor Agonist and NSAID(Non-steroidal Anti-inflammatory Drug ) Following Open Gastrointestinal Surgery; Peritoneal dialysis (PD) catheter placement surgery for patients with end-stage renal disease (ESRD) can be performed under peripheral nerve block. This study assessed the ability of ultrasound guided left lateral transversus abdominis plane (TAP) block combined with rectus sheath (RS) block in PD catheter placement surgery. Also, surgeries are common surgeries performed in elderly patients throughout the world. Although there is an increasing trend towards laparoscopic surgeries, open procedures continue to remain common therapeutic modalities especially in the developing countries. Pain is reported more commonly in patients undergoing open procedures than laparoscopic procedures. Postoperative pain and tissue injury associated with surgery initiated a systemic stress response which has neuroendocrine, immunological, and haematological responses. Opioids are an important modality of postoperative pain management. They blunt the neuroendocrine stress response to pain. However, they are associated with several adverse effects like respiratory depression, nausea, vomiting , pruritus, constipation, urinary retension, bradycardia and hypotension. Transversus abdominis plane block（TAPB）is a relative novel procedure in which local anesthetic agents are injected into the anatomic plane between the internal oblique and the transversus abdominis muscle. It allows a significantly prolonged duration of analgesia during the early postoperative stage in abdominal surgery. This regional anesthesia technique provides analgesia to the skin, muscles of the anterior abdominal wall and parietal peritoneum in order to decrease the incision-related pain. Thus, it reduces postoperative opiate requirements and opioids-related side effects (nausea, vomiting, delayed resumption of intestinal transit, drowsiness, respiratory depression, urine retention). Nalbuphine, being mu antagonist an kappa agonist, has a ceiling effect in its respiratory depression. Many studies have reported that incidence of adverse effects like pruritus and PONV is lower with nalbuphine in comparison with morphine. The purpose of this study is to compare the analgesic efficacy and side effect profile of sulfentanyl with nalbuphine in elderly patients undergoing open gastrointestinal surgeries. AN  - NCT02984865 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Application of Transversus Abdominis Plane Block Plus Rectus Sheath Block in Clinical Anesthesia TI  - The Application of Transversus Abdominis Plane Block Plus Rectus Sheath Block in Peritoneal Dialysis Catheter Placement and Analgesia Based on Transversus Abdominis Plane Block Combined With κ Receptor Agonist and NSAID(Non-steroidal Anti-inflammatory Drug ) Following Open Gastrointestinal Surgery
Effect of a Dietary Supplement With Antioxidant and Anti-inflammatory Properties on the Intestinal Microbiota in Patients With Colon Cancer. Randomized, Placebo-controlled Clinical Trial. TERATROPHO Study.; Effect of a dietary supplement with antioxidant and anti-inflamatory properties on the intestinal microbiota in patients with colon cancer. Ramdonized placebo controlled clinical trial. Teratrophic study AN  - NCT05472753 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Dietary Supplement on the Intestinal Microbiota in Patients With Colon Cancer (TERATROFO) TI  - Effect of a Dietary Supplement With Antioxidant and Anti-inflammatory Properties on the Intestinal Microbiota in Patients With Colon Cancer. Randomized, Placebo-controlled Clinical Trial. TERATROPHO Study.
Combination of NMDA-enhancing and Anti-inflammatory Treatments for Ultra-resistant Schizophrenia; Previous study found that some NMDA-enhancing agent was able to augment efficacy of clozapine for clinical symptoms but not cognitive function in the treatment of ultra-resistant schizophrenia. In addition, several drugs with anti-inflammatory properties have been tested in clinical trials for the treatment of schizophrenia. Whether a drug with anti-inflammatory property can strengthen the efficacy of an NMDA-enhancer (NMDAE) in the treatment of ultra-resistant schizophrenia remains unknown. AN  - NCT05240976 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Combination of NMDA-enhancing and Anti-inflammatory Treatments for Ultra-resistant Schizophrenia TI  - Combination of NMDA-enhancing and Anti-inflammatory Treatments for Ultra-resistant Schizophrenia
A Study Of Pregabalin In The Treatment Of Subjects With Painful Diabetic Peripheral Neuropathy With Background Treatment Of Nsaid For Other Pain Conditions; This study is to test the effectiveness of pregabalin in treating nerve pain caused by diabetes. The suitable subjects will be patients who also use an non-steroid anti-inflammatory drug for another pain which is not related to the diabetic nerve pain. AN  - NCT01455415 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effect Of Pregabalin Treatment In Patients With Diabetic Nerve Pain Who Currently Use A Non-Steroid Anti-Inflammatory Drug (NSAID) For Another Pain TI  - A Study Of Pregabalin In The Treatment Of Subjects With Painful Diabetic Peripheral Neuropathy With Background Treatment Of Nsaid For Other Pain Conditions
IIT2021-16-Hendifar-KetoROCX: A Feasibility Study of Ketorolac Treatment for Cachexia in Patients With Advanced Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma; The purpose of this study is to see if taking ketorolac, a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID), is reasonable, safe and can stabilize or increase weight along with quality of life in pancreatic cancer patients. AN  - NCT05336266 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Feasibility Study of Ketorolac Treatment for Cachexia in Patients With Advanced Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma (KetoROCX) TI  - IIT2021-16-Hendifar-KetoROCX: A Feasibility Study of Ketorolac Treatment for Cachexia in Patients With Advanced Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma
Fluoxetine to Reduce Hospitalization From COVID-19 Infection (FloR COVID-19); The current research is a pilot study to determine the feasibility of recruiting and retaining 40 participants diagnosed with COVID-19. The purpose is to observe the early use of fluoxetine (commonly known as Prozac) to reduce the severity of the COVID-19 illness. Fluoxetine is a drug that has been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) since 1987 for various mental health disorders. AN  - NCT04570449 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Fluoxetine to Reduce Hospitalization From COVID-19 Infection (FloR COVID-19) TI  - Fluoxetine to Reduce Hospitalization From COVID-19 Infection (FloR COVID-19)
Mechanistic Characterization of Uterine Pain (MCUP) to Improve Diagnosis and Treatment for Dysmenorrhea; Bioavailability of naproxen levels and other molecules associated with NSAID-resistance will be evaluated from the serum of participants after taking naproxen using HPLC-MS. AN  - NCT04145518 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Mechanistic Characterization of Uterine Pain (MCUP) TI  - Mechanistic Characterization of Uterine Pain (MCUP) to Improve Diagnosis and Treatment for Dysmenorrhea
Effects of Pharmacological Dopamine Modulation on Motivation and Motor Function in Major Depression Characterized by Low-grade Inflammation.; A large body of evidence on depression heterogeneity point to an "immunometabolic" subtype characterized by the clustering of immunometabolic dysregulations with atypical behavioral symptoms related to energy homeostasis. Motivational and motor impairments reflected by symptoms of anhedonia and psychomotor retardation in major depression are closely related to alterations in energy homeostasis, are associated with increased inflammation, and may be a direct consequence of the impact of inflammatory cytokines on the dopamine system in the brain. In the proposed project, the investigators will examine the effect of dopamine stimulation on motivation and motor function in patients with major depression and healthy controls and the role of inflammation using a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, cross-over design. If successful, this study would provide crucial evidence that pharmacologic strategies that increase dopamine may effectively treat inflammation-related symptoms of anhedonia and psychomotor retardation in major depression. AN  - NCT05909267 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Dopamine Modulation of Motivation and Motor Function in Major Depression & Inflammation (MOTIVADE) TI  - Effects of Pharmacological Dopamine Modulation on Motivation and Motor Function in Major Depression Characterized by Low-grade Inflammation.
Impact of Medical Treatment on Sexual Function in Patients With Crohn's Disease; The investigators anticipate that the investigators will show that therapy with an anti TNF agent will result in a more rapid and greater return of sexual function than steroids. This information will be important to help counsel patients about the optimal treatment to begin for treatment of their Crohn's disease. Furthermore, it would be the first study to evaluate the impact of medical therapy on sexual function. AN  - NCT02619552 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Impact of Medical Treatment on Sexual Function in Patients With Crohn's Disease TI  - Impact of Medical Treatment on Sexual Function in Patients With Crohn's Disease
Psychophysiological Effects of Lactobacillus Plantarum PS128 in Patients With Major Depressive Disorder and High Level of Inflammation: a Pilot Study of 8-week Open Trial; This is a two-phase study. In the first phase, we will recruited patients fulfilling the following inclusion criteria: Age 20-65; fulfill Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders fifth version (DSM-V) criteria of major depressive episode in recent 2 years; Psychotropics including antidepressants, antipsychotics and hypnotics have been kept unchanged for at least 3 months. The exclusion criteria are: comorbid with schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, or other substance use (except tobacco) disorder; having active suicidal or homicidal ideation; known allergy to probiotics; comorbid with hypertension, diabetes mellitus, irritable bowel syndrome, inflammatory bowl disease, liver cirrhosis, or autoimmune diseases; known active bacterial, fungal, or viral infections in one month; use of antibiotics, steroid, immunosuppressants, probiotics, or synbiotics in the month before collecting blood and fecal samples; pregnant or lactating women; who state to have dietary pattern changed or in diet within previous two months. Those hs-CRP > 3 mg/L in the first screen will be invited into the second phase intervention. In the second phase intervention, we will give eligible patients Lactobacillus plantarum PS128 for 8 weeks, and compare depression symptoms, gut microbiota, gut inflammation and permeability, and serum inflammation level before and after intervention. AN  - NCT03237078 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Lactobacillus Plantarum PS128 in Patients With Major Depressive Disorder and High Level of Inflammation TI  - Psychophysiological Effects of Lactobacillus Plantarum PS128 in Patients With Major Depressive Disorder and High Level of Inflammation: a Pilot Study of 8-week Open Trial
The Efficacy of Continuous Intercostal Nerve Blocks in the Treatment of Patients With Multiple Rib Fractures; This is a prospective, randomized, non-blinded study comparing CINB plus medical therapy versus standard medical care (non-steroidals and opioids intravenous/oral inpatient and oral outpatient) alone for patients with multiple rib fractures. The objective of this study is to analyze the effect of continuous intercostal nerve block (CINB) in the treatment of patients admitted to the adult trauma service with rib fractures. The effectiveness of CINB as adjunctive treatment will be compared to standard medical therapy involving nonsteroidal and intravenous/oral opioid medications. AN  - NCT05642026 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - INTERCOSTAL NERVE BLOCK: Efficacy of CINB for Patients With Multiple Rib Fractures TI  - The Efficacy of Continuous Intercostal Nerve Blocks in the Treatment of Patients With Multiple Rib Fractures
A PHASE 3 RANDOMIZED, DOUBLE-BLIND, ACTIVE-CONTROLLED, MULTICENTER STUDY OF THE LONG-TERM SAFETY AND EFFICACY OF SUBCUTANEOUS ADMINISTRATION OF TANEZUMAB IN SUBJECTS WITH OSTEOARTHRITIS OF THE HIP OR KNEE; The purpose of this study is to compare the long-term joint safety and efficacy (pain relief) of the investigational study drug, tanezumab compared to non-steroidal anti inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) in subjects with osteoarthritis of the hips or knees. AN  - NCT02528188 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Long Term Safety and Efficacy Study of Tanezumab in Subjects With Osteoarthritis of the Hip or Knee TI  - A PHASE 3 RANDOMIZED, DOUBLE-BLIND, ACTIVE-CONTROLLED, MULTICENTER STUDY OF THE LONG-TERM SAFETY AND EFFICACY OF SUBCUTANEOUS ADMINISTRATION OF TANEZUMAB IN SUBJECTS WITH OSTEOARTHRITIS OF THE HIP OR KNEE
Randomized Cross Over Study Assessing the Effectiveness of Non-invasive Vagus Nerve Stimulation in Patients With Axial Spondyloarthritis Resistant to Biotherapies; 12. Change in non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAID) intake score. AN  - NCT04286373 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Efficacy of Non-invasive Vagus Nerve Stimulation for Axial Spondyloarthritis Resistant to Biotherapies (ESNV-SPA II) TI  - Randomized Cross Over Study Assessing the Effectiveness of Non-invasive Vagus Nerve Stimulation in Patients With Axial Spondyloarthritis Resistant to Biotherapies
A Multi-centre, Double-blind Randomised Controlled Trial to Compare Mirtazapine Versus Placebo Over 12 Weeks in Patients With Multimorbid Major Depression and Inflammatory Bowel Disease (MD-IBD): a Feasibility Study; If successful, this trial will support an application for a larger version of the study. AN  - NCT06309472 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Trial of Mirtazapine for Depression in IBD (MDIBD) TI  - A Multi-centre, Double-blind Randomised Controlled Trial to Compare Mirtazapine Versus Placebo Over 12 Weeks in Patients With Multimorbid Major Depression and Inflammatory Bowel Disease (MD-IBD): a Feasibility Study
Effect of Exercise on Disease Activity in Patients With Ankylosing Spondylitis by Systemic Inflammatory Response Index (SIRI) and Systemic Inflammation Index (SII); In this study, it was aimed to evaluate the effect of exercise therapy on disease activity in AS patients with systemic inflammatory response index (SIRI) and systemic inflammation index (SII). There is not enough evidence in the literature that systemic inflammatory response index (SIRI) and systemic inflammation index (SII) can be used in the evaluation of disease activity in AS. AN  - NCT05703932 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effect of Exercise on Disease Activity in Patients With Ankylosing Spondylitis by SIRI and SII TI  - Effect of Exercise on Disease Activity in Patients With Ankylosing Spondylitis by Systemic Inflammatory Response Index (SIRI) and Systemic Inflammation Index (SII)
The Efficacy and Safety of Adjunctive Curcumin for Treatment of Depression: A Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled Study; Antidepressants generally do not lead to an immediate relief of symptoms. Most people will not see a significant improvement for at least 4 weeks. Studies have generally shown that the full benefits of antidepressant therapy may take as long as 8 to 12 weeks. However, this timeline is variable among individuals.Curcumin is one of the main curcuminoids isolated from this perennial herb. It possesses a variety of pharmacological activities, including anti-inflammatory, antiproliferative, antioxidant, and neuroprotective effects. Curcumin has been found to possess antidepressant action in various animal models of depression. Chronic administration of curcumin has been reported to exert antidepressant-like action in olfactory bulbectomy model of depression in rats. Although the mechanism of the antidepressant effect of curcumin is not fully understood, it is hypothesized that it acts through inhibiting the monoamine oxidase enzyme and modulating the release of serotonin and dopamine.In randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study 40 patients will be randomized to receive either 500 mg/day of curcumin or placebo together with antidepressants for 6 weeks. AN  - NCT01750359 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Efficacy and Safety Curcumin in Depression TI  - The Efficacy and Safety of Adjunctive Curcumin for Treatment of Depression: A Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled Study
Effects of Mineralocorticoid Receptor Stimulation on Cognitive Bias and Social Cognition in Patients With Major Depression and Healthy Controls: What's the Role of NMDA Receptors?; The study not only advances current knowledge by further examining the mechanism of action by which MR stimulation exerts beneficial effects on cognition but extends these effects to depression-specific cognitive bias and alterations in social cognition. Furthermore, a potential interaction between MR and NMDA receptors is highly clinically relevant given the promising results with NMDA receptor antagonists in the treatment of major depression. AN  - NCT03062150 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Mineralocorticoid Receptor, NMDA Receptor and Cognitive Function in Depression (MISO) TI  - Effects of Mineralocorticoid Receptor Stimulation on Cognitive Bias and Social Cognition in Patients With Major Depression and Healthy Controls: What's the Role of NMDA Receptors?
The Effects of an Anti-inflammatory Dietary Consultation on Self-efficacy, Adherence and Selected Health Outcomes: A Randomized Control Trial; This study investigated the effects of a 2-part dietary consultation on adherence to an anti-inflammatory diet in individuals with neuromuscular disability. The effects on self-efficacy for adhering to the diet as well as neuropathic pain and depression one month post-consult were also determined. AN  - NCT05881122 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Anti-inflammatory Diet Consultation for Those With Neuromuscular Disability TI  - The Effects of an Anti-inflammatory Dietary Consultation on Self-efficacy, Adherence and Selected Health Outcomes: A Randomized Control Trial
The Role of Inflammation in Central Nervous System (CNS) Mechanisms of Anhedonia and Psychomotor Slowing in Depressed People With HIV; The purpose of this 10-week, double-blind, placebo-controlled study is to determine whether inflammation impacts reward and motor neural circuitry to contribute to depressive symptoms like anhedonia and psychomotor slowing in people with Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) and depression. Sixty male and female patients with HIV who have depression, anhedonia and high inflammation and are stable on effective treatment for their HIV will be randomized to receive either the anti-inflammatory drug baricitinib or a placebo for 10 weeks. Participants will complete lab tests, medical and psychiatric assessments, neurocognitive testing, functional MRI (fMRI) scans, and optional spinal taps as part of the study. The total length of participation is about 5 months. AN  - NCT05849038 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Inflammation and Depression in People With HIV TI  - The Role of Inflammation in Central Nervous System (CNS) Mechanisms of Anhedonia and Psychomotor Slowing in Depressed People With HIV
D-Cycloserine Augmentation of Intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation (iTBS) in Depression: A Multi-Site, Randomised, Placebo-Controlled Trial (COGENT); - Test the safety and tolerability of DCS. Participants will take either 50mg DCS per day, 100mg DCS or placebo prior to each iTBS treatment session. iTBS treatment will be administered daily, 5 days a week for 4 weeks. Clinical measures will be conducted at baseline and at the ends of weeks 1, 2, 3 and 4 of treatment. AN  - NCT05591677 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - D-Cycloserine Augmentation of Intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation (iTBS) in Depression (COGENT) TI  - D-Cycloserine Augmentation of Intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation (iTBS) in Depression: A Multi-Site, Randomised, Placebo-Controlled Trial (COGENT)
The Effects of the Anti-inflammatory Drug, Tofacitinib on Emotional and Reward Processing in Patients With Treatment-resistant Depression and Elevated High-sensitivity C-reactive Protein; This study will test whether 7-10 day administration of the anti-inflammatory drug, tofacitinib, has positive effects on people experiencing treatment-resistant depression compared to placebo. AN  - NCT04141904 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Tofacitinib in Depression (TIDE) (TIDE) TI  - The Effects of the Anti-inflammatory Drug, Tofacitinib on Emotional and Reward Processing in Patients With Treatment-resistant Depression and Elevated High-sensitivity C-reactive Protein
The Effects of Oral Supplementation With Bend Beauty's Anti-Aging Formula on Inflammatory Markers; This is a phase IV, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, three-arm, parallel intervention study including three groups of 25 subjects between 35-65 years of age, treated with either Bend Beauty's Anti-Aging Formula, fish oil control or inert placebo for 90 days, with testing points at baseline, 30, 60, and 90 days. AN  - NCT03862872 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effects of Bend Beauty's Anti-Aging Formula on Inflammatory Markers (BENCHMARK) TI  - The Effects of Oral Supplementation With Bend Beauty's Anti-Aging Formula on Inflammatory Markers
A Phase IV, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Parallel Group, Single-Center Study on the Effects of a Proprietary Blend of Herbal Extract Supplement on Cellular Detoxification, Inflammation, and Cumulative Cognitive Index as Well as Gene Expression in Middle-Aged Adult Women.; Determine the effects of 8 week Investigational Supplement on cellular detoxification and gene expression profiles AN  - NCT01598272 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effects of a Proprietary Blend of Herbal Extract Supplement on Cellular Detoxification, Inflammation, and Cumulative Cognitive Index as Well as Gene Expression in Middle-Aged Adult Women (Pharmanex) TI  - A Phase IV, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Parallel Group, Single-Center Study on the Effects of a Proprietary Blend of Herbal Extract Supplement on Cellular Detoxification, Inflammation, and Cumulative Cognitive Index as Well as Gene Expression in Middle-Aged Adult Women.
A Randomized, Placebo-controlled, Crossover Trial of D-cycloserine Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Plasticity Enhancement in the Motor System of Individuals With Major Depressive Disorder.; Transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an investigational and therapeutic modality that impacts the connection strength between neurons by delivering patterned energy. In response to this patterned energy neurons fire and adapt by changing their connection strengths. This change in connection strengths is believed to be the underlying mechanism whereby this intervention has therapeutic benefit for this intervention in conditions such as depression. The purpose of this study is to test a means of enhancing the effect of rTMS using a medication (cycloserine) that has been shown to augment and stabilize activity dependent neuronal changes. The investigators wish to use the motor system, where the associated muscle response to brain stimulation can be measured, to probe activity dependent changes in connection strength between neurons. AN  - NCT03511599 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Cycloserine rTMS Plasticity Augmentation in Depression TI  - A Randomized, Placebo-controlled, Crossover Trial of D-cycloserine Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Plasticity Enhancement in the Motor System of Individuals With Major Depressive Disorder.
Depression Treatment and Aβ Dynamics: A Study of Alzheimer's Disease Risk (ABD Study); This study will examine the biological factors that may modulate the relationship between depression and the development of Alzheimer's disease (AD). Since the direction of causation between depression and the biological factors associated with AD is unknown, the only way to understand cause and associated risk is to treat the depressive symptoms and examine the effects on AD biomarkers. The study involves an FDA-approved treatment for major depressive disorder. It will compare the SSRI antidepressant escitalopram with placebo. The hypothesis is that a reduction in depressive symptoms will be associated with a normalization of CSF AD biomarkers as well as peripheral inflammatory markers. This research would contribute to fundamental knowledge about potentially modifiable risks of Alzheimer's disease (AD). AN  - NCT05004987 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Aβ Dynamics in LLMD TI  - Depression Treatment and Aβ Dynamics: A Study of Alzheimer's Disease Risk (ABD Study)
Dopaminergic Dysfunction in Late-Life Depression; Late-Life Depression (LLD), or depression in older adults, often presents with motivational deficits, deficits in performance in cognitive domains including processing speed and executive dysfunction, and mobility impairments. This triad of findings implicate dopaminergic dysfunction as a core pathophysiologic feature in depression, and may contribute to cognitive decline and motor disability. Normal aging results in brain-wide dopamine declines, decreased D1/D2 receptor density, and loss of dopamine transporters. Although brain changes associated with depression and aging converge on dopamine circuits, the specific disturbances in LLD and how responsive the system is to modulation remain unclear. In this study, investigators are testing integrative model that aging, in concert with pro-inflammatory shifts, decreases dopamine signaling. These signally changes affects behaviors supported by these circuits, in the context of age-associated cortical atrophy and ischemic microvascular changes, resulting in variable LLD phenotypes. Investigators propose a primary pathway where dopaminergic dysfunction in depressed elders contributes to slowed processing speed and mobility impairments that increase the effort cost associated with voluntary behavior. The central hypothesis of this study is that late-life depression is characterized by dysfunction in the dopamine system and, by enhancing dopamine functioning in the brain. By improving cognitive and motor slowing, administration of carbidopa/levodopa (L-DOPA) will improve depressive symptoms. AN  - NCT04469959 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Dopaminergic Dysfunction in Late-Life Depression (D3) TI  - Dopaminergic Dysfunction in Late-Life Depression
Double-blind Randomized Placebo Controlled Study on the Effect of Enoxolone ( 11-beta Hydroxysteroid-dehydrogenase Type 2 Inhibitor) on the RAAS, Autonomic and Imaging Biomarkers and the Outcome of Depression; Many different forms of depression exist. It is difficult to predict to what treatment a given patient with depression responds. Studies demonstrate that biomarkers can help to distinguish different forms of depression. Simple markers, like aldosterone/cortisol in body fluids, blood pressure and inflammation markers , have been identified as predictors of therapy resistance in depression. Enoxolone is a molecule derived from the licorice plant and has demonstrated an effect on these biomarkers, which may imply an improved response. The current randomized placebo controlled study is assessing whether the presence of markers of therapy resistance can predict a preferential effect of enoxolone vs. placebo on clinical outcome. Secondarily, it is tested whether these markers change differentially in the treatment groups. Finally, the relationship between the change of the markers and clinical change will be assessed. AN  - NCT05570110 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Enoxolone in Major Depression - Biomarker-outcome Relationship TI  - Double-blind Randomized Placebo Controlled Study on the Effect of Enoxolone ( 11-beta Hydroxysteroid-dehydrogenase Type 2 Inhibitor) on the RAAS, Autonomic and Imaging Biomarkers and the Outcome of Depression
Lithium Therapeutic Drug Monitoring; Once Daily Vs Twice Daily Dosing and the Impact of Kidney Function; Lithium is a mainstay in the treatment of bipolar disorder, and a frequently used adjunctive therapy for major depressive disorder. It is accepted practice to monitor lithium serum levels to monitor for efficacy and toxicity. However, studies on the difference in lithium levels between once and twice daily dosing, which also assess the impact of kidney function are scarce. The aim of this study is to quantify this pharmacokinetic difference, identify the impact of kidney function, in the context of estimating effects to inform feasibility and sample size needed for a larger well-powered study. AN  - NCT03811860 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Lithium Therapeutic Drug Monitoring; Once Daily Vs Twice Daily Dosing and the Impact of Kidney Function TI  - Lithium Therapeutic Drug Monitoring; Once Daily Vs Twice Daily Dosing and the Impact of Kidney Function
A Randomized Controlled Study of Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for Postoperative Headache in Patients With Growth Hormone（GH） Pituitary Tumor; Headache is a very common main complaint of patients with GH pituitary tumor, which has seriously affected the normal work and life of patients. Although the current surgery and drugs have a certain effect on patients with headache, the overall effect is not satisfied. However, the use of COX-2 inhibitors, non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and other analgesics are only effective for some patients with headaches, and long-term use has adverse reactions. Therefore, it is necessary to seek new treatments for postoperative headaches in patients with GH pituitary tumors. Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) modulates the excitability of the underlying cerebral cortex by applying a rapidly changing magnetic field on the surface of the scalp. It is a relatively simple and safe method. It is currently approved for treating depression, migraine, obsessive-compulsive disorder, and Alzheimer's disease. Several small clinical studies have proven that rTMS can be used to prevent and treat Headache. Therefore, this study aims to observe the efficacy and safety of TMS in the treatment of postoperative headache in patients with GH pituitary tumors. AN  - NCT04529356 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The TMS Treatment for Postoperative Headache in GH Tumor TI  - A Randomized Controlled Study of Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for Postoperative Headache in Patients With Growth Hormone（GH） Pituitary Tumor
Efficacy of Qigong Exercise on Sleep Quality and Heart Rate Variability in Patients With Fibromyalgia; This study aims to determine any significant efficacy of qigong exercise on sleep quality and heart rate variability in patients with fibromyalgia. AN  - NCT06347042 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effect of Qigong on Sleep Quality in Fibromyalgia TI  - Efficacy of Qigong Exercise on Sleep Quality and Heart Rate Variability in Patients With Fibromyalgia
Precision Psychiatry for Depression: Immune Response and Affective Symptoms as Predictors of Response to Antidepressants; Subsequently, a bivariate comparative analysis will be carried out, where the statistically significant or marginally significant variables associated with psychopathological variables will be used to build a multivariate binary logistic regression model. AN  - NCT06337539 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Precision Psychiatry for Depression: Immune Response and Affective Symptoms as Predictors of Response to Antidepressants (LYMPHODEP) TI  - Precision Psychiatry for Depression: Immune Response and Affective Symptoms as Predictors of Response to Antidepressants
Flurbiprofen Axetil as an Adjuvant to Pre-emptive Scalp Infiltration for Post-craniotomy Pain; Post-craniotomy pain remains a major challenge in patient care following neurosurgery.Flurbiprofen axetil (FA), as an injectable nonselective cyclooxygenase inhibitor, is a widely prescribed NSAID for postoperative pain. As FA is highly lipophilic by merging into emulsified lipid microspheres, it has a high affinity to the surgical incision and inflammatory tissues to achieve targeted drug therapy and prolonged duration of action, thus providing a basis for its local use to achieve efficacy and safety comparable to or greater than systemic administration. In this study, we attempt to evaluate the clinical effects of FA as an adjunct to ropivacaine in pre-emptive scalp infiltration to prevent or reduce pain after craniotomy. AN  - NCT05624359 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Flurbiprofen Axetil as an Adjuvant to Pre-emptive Scalp Infiltration TI  - Flurbiprofen Axetil as an Adjuvant to Pre-emptive Scalp Infiltration for Post-craniotomy Pain
Effects of Low Dose Aspirin in Bipolar Disorder (The A-Bipolar RCT); randomized double-blinded placebo-controlled trial will investigate whether augmentation with low dose Aspirin to standard drug treatment improve mood stabilization. AN  - NCT05035316 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effects of Low Dose Aspirin in Bipolar Disorder (The A-Bipolar RCT) TI  - Effects of Low Dose Aspirin in Bipolar Disorder (The A-Bipolar RCT)
Treatment of Inflammation Versus Hand Training to Prevent and Revert Neuropsychiatric Comorbidity in Patients With Rheumatoid Arthritis; The goal of this research project is to improve the knowledge of morphological changes in brain developed in connection to RA and to identify clinical and serological markers to predict development of those changes and finally, to investigate if anti-rheumatic interventions counteract destructive processes in the central nervous system (CNS) and improve the patient's health with respect to functionality, pain experience and psychological well-being. AN  - NCT04378621 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effect of Antiinflammatory Treatment Versus Hand Training on Neuropsychiatric Comorbidity in RA-patients (NeuMRA) TI  - Treatment of Inflammation Versus Hand Training to Prevent and Revert Neuropsychiatric Comorbidity in Patients With Rheumatoid Arthritis
Phase 2 Optimization of the Antidepressant Action of Ketamine in Treatment-Resistant Depression and Investigations on Its Mechanism of Action; Ketamine (KET) has been used for decades as a sedative and anesthetic. In treatment-resistant depressed patients(TRD), an intravenous dose much lower than necessary for anesthesia may produce a robust antidepressant effect and may even abolish suicidal thoughts within hours, peaking within 24 hours. But, its antidepressant effect generally lasts only days.Previous studies examining KET in TRD have been critiqued for lack of an effective placebo measure due to brief perceptual experiences associated with KET. Thus, the current study compares KET against a short-acting sedative. The phases of this study compare response to a single KET injection to 6 injections over 2 weeks. Next, KET responders are given 1 injection a week for 3 weeks of either KET or the sedative agent to determine if beneficial effects of KET are maintained, and to assess duration of its benefits after repeated administration. The genetic profile of patients for a substance promoting contacts between cells and brain will be determined to investigate if response to KET could be predicted with that blood test. This substance, as well as several chemicals that produce inflammation, will also be measured in the blood to investigate their role in the effect of KET. Patients will receive, in total, no more than the equivalent of two to three anesthetic dose of KET. Results from this study will help establish the beneficial effects of a single KET injection as a rapid intervention for major depression, and to investigate the possibility of obtaining a prolonged antidepressant effect with repeated injections. AN  - NCT01945047 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Action of Ketamine in Treatment-Resistant Depression TI  - Phase 2 Optimization of the Antidepressant Action of Ketamine in Treatment-Resistant Depression and Investigations on Its Mechanism of Action
A Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled Study Of The Safety And Efficacy Of Etanercept In Subjects With Rheumatoid Arthritis Who Have Had An Inadequate Response To Adalimumab Or Infliximab Plus Methotrexate; The first 12 weeks of this study will compare the efficacy of etanercept 50 mg once-weekly to placebo in subjects with rheumatoid arthritis who have not responded well to infliximab or adalimumab plus methotrexate. This comparison will be performed for all subjects and separately for subjects who are anti-drug antibody positive for one of these medications. From week 12 to week 24, all subjects will receive etanercept 50 mg once-weekly. The effect of anti-drug antibody status on the efficacy of etanercept as well as the safety profile of etanercept in these subjects will also be evaluated throughout the study. AN  - NCT01783015 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study of Etanercept in Subjects With Rheumatoid Arthritis Who Have Had an Inadequate Response to Adalimumab or Infliximab Plus Methotrexate (SERUM) TI  - A Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled Study Of The Safety And Efficacy Of Etanercept In Subjects With Rheumatoid Arthritis Who Have Had An Inadequate Response To Adalimumab Or Infliximab Plus Methotrexate
Cannabinoids and an Anti-inflammatory Diet for the Treatment of Neuropathic Pain After Spinal Cord Injury; Neuropathic pain is a common complication following spinal cord injury (SCI) that significantly decreases quality of life. Treatment options are limited, and current treatments can have significant side effects. Those with SCI have identified a need for additional treatment options, particularly those that are not medications. Nabilone and an anti-inflammatory diet are two treatments that may provide pain relief while being better tolerated. This study will evaluate the benefits of these treatments for neuropathic pain after SCI. Study participants will receive either an anti-inflammatory diet or a placebo diet, and nabilone or a placebo for 4 weeks. It is expected that an anti-inflammatory diet and nabilone will significantly decrease pain intensity and improve function. The combination of both treatments together is expected to have a greater effect than each alone. AN  - NCT04057456 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Cannabinoids and an Anti-inflammatory Diet for the Treatment of Neuropathic Pain After Spinal Cord Injury (CATNP) TI  - Cannabinoids and an Anti-inflammatory Diet for the Treatment of Neuropathic Pain After Spinal Cord Injury
Randomized Placebo Controlled Study of Minocycline for Amelioration of Chemotherapy Induced Affective Disorders; This randomized clinical trial studies how well minocycline hydrochloride works in reducing chemotherapy induced depression and anxiety in patients with stage I-III breast cancer. Minocycline hydrochloride may prevent changes in memory and thinking and improve the quality of life of breast cancer patients receiving chemotherapy. AN  - NCT02203552 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Minocycline Hydrochloride in Reducing Chemotherapy Induced Depression and Anxiety in Patients With Stage I-III Breast Cancer TI  - Randomized Placebo Controlled Study of Minocycline for Amelioration of Chemotherapy Induced Affective Disorders
Perioperative Pain-control With Parecoxib in Uniportal Video-assisted Thoracoscopic Surgery.; Chronic pain after thoracic surgery has been a bothering problem since the era of thoracotomy. The prevalence of chronic pain no matter in thoracotomy or video-assisted thoracoscopic surgery is about 30 to 47%. Better acute pain control after thoracic surgery has been assumed to be an effective way for prevention of chronic pain. Especially in this extreme minimal invasive surgery, uniportal video-assisted thoracic surgery, more optimized perioperative analgesics should be found out. In the guideline of "enhanced recovery after surgery", less opioid is suggested. Other than opioids, there are just few parental analgesics could be used, like acetaminophen or cyclooxygenase-2(COX-2) inhibitor. In our study, the investigators would like to build up a better analgesic strategy for uniportal video-assisted thoracoscopic surgery with less opioid and less side effects. AN  - NCT05150431 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Optimized Acute Pain Control With Parecoxib in Uniportal Video-assisted Thoracoscopic Surgery. TI  - Perioperative Pain-control With Parecoxib in Uniportal Video-assisted Thoracoscopic Surgery.
Patient-Partner Stress Management Effects on CFS Symptoms and Neuroimmune Process; The purpose of this study is to test the effects of a videotelephone-delivered patient-partner dual-focused cognitive behavioral stress management intervention on chronic fatigue syndrome (CFS) symptoms and related psychosocial and neuroimmune processes in patients diagnosed with chronic fatigue syndrome. Study tests the hypothesis that videophone-delivered patient-partner cognitive behavioral stress management (T-PP-CBSM) intervention improves patient CFS symptoms relative to a videophone-delivered patient-partner Health Information (PP-T- HI) condition. AN  - NCT01650636 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Patient-Partner Stress Management Effects on Chronic Fatigue Syndrome Symptoms and Neuroimmune Process TI  - Patient-Partner Stress Management Effects on CFS Symptoms and Neuroimmune Process
Pramipexole Augmentation to Target Anhedonia in Depression - a Pilot Study; The heterogeneity of depression suggests that different neurocircuits and pathophysiological mechanisms are involved. Anhedonia - the inability to experience pleasure from, or the lack of motivation to carry out, usually enjoyable activities - is an endophenotype within the depression spectrum, with a distinct pathophysiology of dopaminergic mesolimbic projections. Anhedonia is common in depression and associated with treatment resistance. Pramipexole, an agonist to the dopamine -receptor 3, is an established treatment of Parkinson's disease. Based on its mechanism of action, pramipexole might be efficacious in a subtype of depression characterized by anhedonia and lack of motivation - symptoms linked to dopaminergic hypofunction. In this proof-of-concept pilot study the investigators test the anti-anhedonic and antidepressant effects of add-on pramipexole using an "enriched population study design" including only depressed patients with significant anhedonia. To understand the neurobiology of anhedonia in depression and to identify treatment predictors, the investigators also do assessments of anhedonia-related neurocircuitry using (f)MRI and blood biomarkers. AN  - NCT04121091 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Pramipexole to Target "Anhedonic Depression" (PILOT-PRAXOL) TI  - Pramipexole Augmentation to Target Anhedonia in Depression - a Pilot Study
A Randomized, Active Controlled, Open Label, Parallel Group Study to Compare the Efficacy of Extract of Curcuma Longa (Turmeric) With Fluoxetine and to Study Its Effect as an Add on Therapy to Fluoxetine in Patients of Depression; The purpose of this study is to find the effect of commonly used nutraceutical curcumin ( extract of Curcuma longa, commonly called 'Haldi' in Hindi) in patients of depression. AN  - NCT01022632 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effect of Curcumin as Nutraceutical in Patients of Depression TI  - A Randomized, Active Controlled, Open Label, Parallel Group Study to Compare the Efficacy of Extract of Curcuma Longa (Turmeric) With Fluoxetine and to Study Its Effect as an Add on Therapy to Fluoxetine in Patients of Depression
Does Duloxetine Reduce Chronic Pain After Total Knee Arthroplasty?; Investigators will compare the neuropathic pain following TKA in duloxetine group (n=84) with those in non-duloxetine group (n=84). Investigators will classify the participants in to 2 groups (duloxetine and non-duloxetine group) randomly, and primarily evaluate the degree of neuropathic pain using the S-LANSS pain scale (preoperatively and postoperatively 3 and 6 months). All participants will receive postoperative pain control after TKA using the same pain control regimen except duloxetine. AN  - NCT02307305 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Does Duloxetine Reduce Chronic Pain After Total Knee Arthroplasty? TI  - Does Duloxetine Reduce Chronic Pain After Total Knee Arthroplasty?
Innovative Approaches in Managing Chronic Low Back Pain: A Comparative Assessment of Clinical Techniques; This clinical trial aims to assess the effectiveness of different clinical techniques in treating patients with chronic low back pain (CLBP). Two test groups will be included: one receiving conventional therapy (NSAIDs and other physical therapy techniques) and the other receiving a combination of neuromodulation and platelet-rich plasma (PRP) therapy. Chronic pain, persisting for more than three months, inhibits natural pathways like GABA and promotes excitatory pathways, leading to increased inflammation. The study hypothesizes that neuromodulation via the dorsal root ganglion (DRG) and PRP therapy will provide superior pain relief and functional improvement compared to conventional therapy. AN  - NCT06453291 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Assessment of Different Clinical Techniques to Treat Patients With Chronic Low Back Pain (CLBP) TI  - Innovative Approaches in Managing Chronic Low Back Pain: A Comparative Assessment of Clinical Techniques
A NORwegian Multicentre Randomised Controlled Trial Assessing the Effectiveness of Tailoring Infliximab Treatment by Therapeutic DRUg Monitoring - The NOR-DRUM Study; Infliximab and other TNF-inhibitors have revolutionised the treatment of several immunological inflammatory diseases. Still, more than half of the patients either do not respond sufficiently to infliximab therapy or loose efficacy over time. The large individual variation in the serum drug concentrations on standard doses and the development of anti-drug antibodies are thought to be main reasons for these treatment failures. An individualised treatment strategy based on systematic assessments of serum drug concentrations, therapeutic drug monitoring, has been proposed as a clinical tool to optimise efficacy of infliximab treatment. Therapeutic drug monitoring seems reasonable both from a clinical and an economical point of view, but the effectiveness of this treatment strategy still remain to be shown. The NOR-DRUM study is planned as a national, randomised controlled multicentre trial in two parts aiming to assess the effectiveness of therapeutic drug monitoring in order to achieve remission in patients with immunological inflammatory diseases starting infliximab treatment (part A) and in order to maintain disease control in patients on maintenance infliximab treatment (part B). The results of the NOR-DRUM study will hopefully contribute to an implementation of a personalised medicine approach to treatment with infliximab and other biological drugs. AN  - NCT03074656 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Norwegian Drug Monitoring Study (NOR-DRUM) TI  - A NORwegian Multicentre Randomised Controlled Trial Assessing the Effectiveness of Tailoring Infliximab Treatment by Therapeutic DRUg Monitoring - The NOR-DRUM Study
Sleep & Immune Mechanisms in Rheumatoid Arthritis: Remicade Substudy; More than half of rheumatoid arthritis (RA) patients complain of sleep disturbance and this cardinal complaint is associated with fatigue, pain, and depressed mood in patient with chronic inflammatory disorder. Despite the frequency of this complaint, there is limited efforts to evaluate sleep or the abnormal increases in the expression of pro-inflammatory cytokines play a key role in the progression of RA, we hypothesize that the cytokine network is one physiological system that is associated with sleep disturbances in RA patients. Pro-inflammatory cytokines signal the central nervous system and are associated with increased symptoms of pain, fatigue, and depressed mood in rheumatic patients. The specific aims of the study are to examine the contribution of cytokines on sleep by administering a TNF antagonist vs. placebo to probe the action of pro-inflammatory cytokines on sleep in RA Patients. Examination of sleep and its consequences for pro-inflammatory cytokine activity within the framework of an observational and experimental research design will have implications for understanding the psycho-biological mechanisms that link sleep and the clinical manifestations of RA. Results from this study will guide the developments of interventions that target disordered sleep with potential effects on disability in RA. AN  - NCT00948610 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Sleep and Immunity in Rheumatoid Arthritis : Remicade Substudy TI  - Sleep & Immune Mechanisms in Rheumatoid Arthritis: Remicade Substudy
Effects of an Anti-inflammatory Nutritional Intervention in Disease Assessment Parameters, Inflammatory Markers, and Quality of Life of Patients With Fibromyalgia; This is a randomized clinical trial, aimed to analyse the effects of a potentially anti-inflammatory nutritional intervention in disease assessment parameters, inflammatory markers, and quality of life of Fibromyalgia patients. Patients in the intervention group will adopt an anti-inflammatory diet and a diet with a low ingestion of fermentable oligo-, di- and monosaccharides, and polyols (FODMAPs), for a 3 months period. Group control will adopt a diet based on general recommendations for healthy eating in accordance with the World Health Organization. AN  - NCT04007705 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Anti-inflammatory Nutritional Intervention in Patients With Fibromyalgia TI  - Effects of an Anti-inflammatory Nutritional Intervention in Disease Assessment Parameters, Inflammatory Markers, and Quality of Life of Patients With Fibromyalgia
The Role of Emotional Processing in Improving the Quality of Life of Breast Cancer Patients: a Mechanistic Study of Art Therapy in Reducing Depression, Fatigue and Pain.; The purpose of this study is to examine two mechanistic changes: emotion processing (awareness, expression and acceptance) and cholinergic anti-inflammatory processes (HRV and cytokine expression) through which an Art Therapy (AT) intervention reduces depression, pain and fatigue. AN  - NCT03377816 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Role of Emotional Processing in Improving the Quality of Life of Breast Cancer Patients (REPAT) TI  - The Role of Emotional Processing in Improving the Quality of Life of Breast Cancer Patients: a Mechanistic Study of Art Therapy in Reducing Depression, Fatigue and Pain.
Non-Inferiority Clinical Trial On The Efficacy And Safety Of Chondroitin Sulfate And Glucosamine Hydrochloride In Combination Versus Celecoxib In Patients With Knee Osteoarthritis; The purpose of this study is to determine whether the combination of Chondroitin sulfate (CS) and Glucosamine Hydrochloride (GH) has similar efficacy to Celecoxib (CE) in the treatment of patients with moderate to severe knee osteoarthritis (OA). AN  - NCT01425853 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study on Efficacy and Safety of Chondroitin Sulfate + Glucosamine Hydrochloride Versus Celecoxib in Knee Osteoarthritis (MOVES) TI  - Non-Inferiority Clinical Trial On The Efficacy And Safety Of Chondroitin Sulfate And Glucosamine Hydrochloride In Combination Versus Celecoxib In Patients With Knee Osteoarthritis
Effects of Chiropractic Care on Pro- and Anti-inflammatory Cytokine Levels in Multiple Sclerosis; Multiple sclerosis (MS) is an inflammatory autoimmune disease associated with an imbalance between pro- and anti-inflammatory markers (cytokines) resulting in a demyelinating and neurodegenerative disease. There is early evidence that spinal manipulation (chiropractic care) is better than control in influencing immune (cytokine) activity in asymptomatic participants, but few studies have been completed in participants with chronic inflammatory conditions, such as MS. The purpose of this project is to examine the immediate (after a single thoracic spinal manipulation treatment) and summative impact (after 8 thoracic spinal manipulation treatments occurring over 4 weeks) on pro-inflammatory (interleukin (IL) IL-1ß, IL-2, IL-6, Tumor necrosis factor-alpha) and anti-inflammatory (IL-4, IL-10) plasma cytokines 20 minutes and 2 hours after thoracic spinal manipulation in participants diagnosed with neuroinflammatory relapsing-remitting MS (RR-MS). Spinal manipulation treatment will be limited to the thoracic spine. Secondary outcomes will include determining the impact of 8 thoracic spinal manipulations on fatigue, cognitive processing speed, pain, depression, sleep, and motor function through questionnaires and performance of various in assessments such as the timed 25 foot walk test. AN  - NCT04972929 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effects of Chiropractic Care on Cytokine Levels in Multiple Sclerosis TI  - Effects of Chiropractic Care on Pro- and Anti-inflammatory Cytokine Levels in Multiple Sclerosis
Classifying Unipolar Versus Bipolar Depression: an Innovative Diagnostic Support System Based on Clinical Features and Genetic, Inflammatory and Neuroimaging Biomarkers.; The software architecture will be designed in Matlab environment by integrating quantitative imaging methods, machine learning algorithm and statistical analyses as separate modules in a user-friendly interface, which will facilitate the sharing of computational resources in the clinical community. AN  - NCT05801562 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Development of a Software Tool, Using Artificial Intelligence, That Integrates Clinical, Biological, Genetic and Imaging Data to Predict Diagnosis and Outcome of Depressed Patients in Order to Enhance Prognosis and Limiting Healthcare Costs. TI  - Classifying Unipolar Versus Bipolar Depression: an Innovative Diagnostic Support System Based on Clinical Features and Genetic, Inflammatory and Neuroimaging Biomarkers.
A Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled Phase III Study of Secukinumab to Demonstrate the Efficacy at 16 Weeks and to Assess the Long-term Safety, Tolerability and Efficacy up to 3 Years in Subjects With Active Ankylosing Spondylitis; The purpose of this study was to generate 16-week efficacy data, as well as up to 3-year efficacy, safety and tolerability data in subjects with active AS despite current or previous NSAID, DMARD and/or anti-TNF therapy. AN  - NCT02008916 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - 16-week Efficacy and 3-year Safety, Tolerability and Efficacy of Secukinumab in Active Ankylosing Spondylitis Patients (MEASURE 3) TI  - A Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled Phase III Study of Secukinumab to Demonstrate the Efficacy at 16 Weeks and to Assess the Long-term Safety, Tolerability and Efficacy up to 3 Years in Subjects With Active Ankylosing Spondylitis
A Double-blind, Placebo-controlled, Randomized Study of Vortioxetine Treatment on Major Depression, Cognition, and Systemic Inflammatory Biomarkers Associated With Depression and Cancer Progression in Women With Breast Cancer.; The purpose of this antidepressant study is to determine the efficacy of vortioxetine on depression and cognition in 80 women with breast cancer, and to elucidate inflammatory-mediated mechanisms by which depression and its treatment influence cancer outcome. Our hypothesis is that effective vortioxetine antidepressant therapy in depressed women with breast cancer will attenuate increased intermediate endpoints of inflammation that contribute to the pathogenesis of depression, cognitive impairment, and cancer progression AN  - NCT02637466 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Vortioxetine for MDD, Cognition, and Systemic Inflammatory Biomarkers TI  - A Double-blind, Placebo-controlled, Randomized Study of Vortioxetine Treatment on Major Depression, Cognition, and Systemic Inflammatory Biomarkers Associated With Depression and Cancer Progression in Women With Breast Cancer.
A Phase 3, Open-Label, Randomized, Parallel Group Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Intrapleural Administration of Adenovirus-Delivered Interferon Alpha-2b (rAd-IFN) in Combination with Celecoxib and Gemcitabine in Patients with Malignant Pleural Mesothelioma; The primary objective of this study is to compare the overall survival (OS) associated with rAd IFN, when administered with celecoxib and gemcitabine, versus that associated with celecoxib and gemcitabine alone for the treatment of patients with MPM AN  - NCT03710876 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Efficacy & Safety of RAd-IFN Administered with Celecoxib & Gemcitabine in Patients with Malignant Pleural Mesothelioma (INFINITE) TI  - A Phase 3, Open-Label, Randomized, Parallel Group Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Intrapleural Administration of Adenovirus-Delivered Interferon Alpha-2b (rAd-IFN) in Combination with Celecoxib and Gemcitabine in Patients with Malignant Pleural Mesothelioma
Adjunctive Use of Celecoxib in the Treatment of Bipolar Postpartum Depression: a Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled Trial; The investigators will conduct a 6-week, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of celecoxib as an add-on treatment to the mood stabilizer among women with bipolar I or II postpartum depression. Women who are taking a mood stabilizer for treatment of bipolar disorder in the postpartum treatment will receive either a placebo or celecoxib add-on treatment. Patients will be monitored regularly to assess psychiatric symptoms and side effects. The investigators aim to evaluate the potential antidepressant effect of celecoxib in bipolar postpartum depression. AN  - NCT02726659 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Adjunctive Use of Celecoxib in the Treatment of Bipolar Postpartum Depression TI  - Adjunctive Use of Celecoxib in the Treatment of Bipolar Postpartum Depression: a Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled Trial
Is Reduced Hypoxia Through a Robot Intervention, Associated With Sensory and Emotional Descriptions of Dyspnea, Anxiety, Depression, Symptom Burden and Anxiolytics; The perspective is to be able to provide a holistic response to whether robot administered oxygen can be a better method of treating and alleviating dyspnoea. AN  - NCT04375917 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Is Reduced Hypoxia Through a Robot Intervention, Associated With Sensory and Emotional Descriptions of Dyspnea, Anxiety, Depression, Symptom Burden and Anxiolytics TI  - Is Reduced Hypoxia Through a Robot Intervention, Associated With Sensory and Emotional Descriptions of Dyspnea, Anxiety, Depression, Symptom Burden and Anxiolytics
The Effects of the 6-week Mad Dog Anti-inflammatory Cooking Class Series on Dietary Self-efficacy, Eating Behaviors and Health Outcomes in People With Neurological Disability; The purpose of this study is to test the 6-week Mad Dog cooking series in individuals with neuromuscular disability to gauge consumer satisfaction and make preliminary measures on self-efficacy for adhering to the Mad Dog anti-inflammatory diet, as well as actual adherence 6 months after the series has been completed. The investigators will also determine if the series has any effect on depressive symptoms. AN  - NCT05934968 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Mad Dog Cooking Class Series: Effects on Dietary Self-efficacy, Eating Behaviors and Health Outcomes TI  - The Effects of the 6-week Mad Dog Anti-inflammatory Cooking Class Series on Dietary Self-efficacy, Eating Behaviors and Health Outcomes in People With Neurological Disability
Neural Consequences of Chronic Inflammation in Individuals With Spinal Cord Injury and the Influence of an Anti-inflammatory Diet; Spinal cord Injury (SCI) is a condition commonly associated with a state of chronic low-grade inflammation due to a variety of factors such heightened risk for infection and development of metabolic disorders. Many disorders which have been demonstrated to have an inflammatory basis have also been found to be at much higher prevalence following SCI. Such conditions include, but are not limited to, depression, cognitive impairment, neuropathic pain, and somatic/autonomic nerve function. The fact that such disorders have an inflammatory basis provides a unique opportunity to treat them with intervention strategies which target the immune system. Natural anti-inflammatory interventions including a diet consisting of foods and supplements with anti-inflammatory properties may be an effective option for treating inflammation in this population. As this treatment strategy will target the inflammatory basis of many disorders it would be expected to lead to a reduction in pro-inflammatory mediators thereby leading to more sustainable long-term immune improvements regarding enzyme function and protein balances. Despite this, surprisingly little research has focused on the use of anti-inflammatory foods for the treatment of chronic inflammatory conditions, and effects specific to SCI have been almost completely neglected. As such, the current study will focus on the daily intake of natural supplements with anti-inflammatory properties over a 3 month intervention and the effects on inflammation and associated disorders will be assessed. It is hypothesized that the supplementation will result in positive alterations in enzyme regulation and protein balances resulting in improvements in each of the outcome measures of interest. AN  - NCT02099890 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Effect of Diet on Chronic Inflammation and Related Disorders Following Spinal Cord Injury TI  - Neural Consequences of Chronic Inflammation in Individuals With Spinal Cord Injury and the Influence of an Anti-inflammatory Diet
Effect of Minocycline on Delirium Incidence in Critically Ill Patients; Delirium is a disorder of consciousness characterized by an acute onset and fluctuating course of impaired cognitive functioning. It is associated with unfavorable outcomes in hospitalized patients, including longer hospital length of stay, need for subsequent institutionalization and higher mortality rates. Patients in the intensive care unit (ICU) under mechanical ventilation and older age are at higher risk for the development of delirium. Several studies suggest that minocycline, through its anti-inflammatory effect, was able to prevent neuronal dysfunction in different models of ICU-related diseases. Thus, the present study aimed to evaluate the effect of minocycline on delirium development in critically ill patients. Patients will be randomized into one of two groups: the intervention group that will receive 100mg of minocycline 2 times a day and the placebo group. Medication or placebo will be continued for 28 days or until ICU discharge (whichever occurs first). Delirium will be diagnosed by the CAM-ICU. Coma will be defined by the Richmond Agitation-Sedation Scale (RASS) score of -4 or -5 and biomarkers will be used as alternative outcomes related to the pathophysiology of the disease (IL-1, IL-6, IL-10, and BDNF). AN  - NCT04219735 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effect of Minocycline on Delirium Incidence in Critically Ill Patients TI  - Effect of Minocycline on Delirium Incidence in Critically Ill Patients
Multimodal Analgesia for Unilateral Total Knee Arthroplasty: Impact of Continuous Adductor Canal Infusion Combined With NSAID vs. Intravenous Morphine Patient-controlled Analgesia Combined With Single-injection Adductor Canal Block; Multimodal analgesia (MMA) has been endorsed to improve postoperative analgesia and functional activity after surgery, and integrating regional analgesia to reduce the consumption of opioid has also been used in postoperative pain management. The investigator try to find a better combination of MMA for postoperative analgesia and functional recovery for patients receiving TKA in Taiwan, therefore the effect of single-injection and continuous infusion of peripheral nerve block is compared in patient undergoing unilateral TKA. The investigators hypothesize that continuous adductor canal infusion is as effective as single-injection adductor canal block for postoperative pain relief under intravenous PCA after TKA surgery. Based on that, the investigators conduct this prospective, randomized controlled trial to examine our hypothesis. AN  - NCT05669898 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Continuous Adductor Canal Infusion vs. Single-injection Adductor Canal Block for Total Knee Arthroplasty TI  - Multimodal Analgesia for Unilateral Total Knee Arthroplasty: Impact of Continuous Adductor Canal Infusion Combined With NSAID vs. Intravenous Morphine Patient-controlled Analgesia Combined With Single-injection Adductor Canal Block
The Effects of Combination of Intravenous Dexamethasone and Ketamine on Change of Postoperative Mood in Patients Undergoing Laparoscopically Assisted Gynecologic Surgery.; Ketamine and dexamethasone have been known to be effective postoperative pain. Many studies also have reported these two drugs might change mood such as depression. This study aimed to investigate the effect of each drug individually with their combination on perioperative change of mood in patients undergoing gynecologic surgery AN  - NCT03194594 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Dexamethasone and Ketamine on Change of Postoperative Mood TI  - The Effects of Combination of Intravenous Dexamethasone and Ketamine on Change of Postoperative Mood in Patients Undergoing Laparoscopically Assisted Gynecologic Surgery.
Does the IMPase Inhibitor, Ebselen, Affect Emotional Processing and Brain Myo-inositol in Treatment-resistant Depression?; This experimental medicine study will examine the effects of a brief period (seven days) of 'add on' ebselen (SPI-105) treatment in patients with resistant depression to see if ebselen produces changes in emotional responses consistent with a potential clinical antidepressant effect. The investigators will also seek to confirm ebselen's mode of action on IMPase by measuring changes in a brain chemical called inositol, using a magnetic imaging method. Half of the participants will receive ebselen and the other half placebo. AN  - NCT05117710 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - IMPase in Treatment-resistant Depression (OxIMP) TI  - Does the IMPase Inhibitor, Ebselen, Affect Emotional Processing and Brain Myo-inositol in Treatment-resistant Depression?
Pilot Study of Minocycline (NPL-2003) in Adults With Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder (OCD); Obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) is a common psychiatric illness that affects up to 2-3% of the population. People with OCD experience anxiety-provoking, intrusive thoughts, known as obsessions, and feel compelled to perform repetitive behaviors, or compulsions. The only medications proven effective for OCD are serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SRIs), but even with SRI treatment, most patients continue to experience significant OCD symptoms, impaired functioning, and diminished quality of life. Recent evidence suggest that a different neurotransmitter, glutamate, may contribute to the symptoms in OCD. Medications that target glutamate hold promise for ameliorating symptoms for those patients continuing to suffer from OCD. In this study we are recruiting patients to receive the drug NPL-2003, which is thought to modulate the neurotransmitter glutamate, added to whatever other OCD medications they are taking in a 12-week open label study. AN  - NCT00728923 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Pilot Study of Minocycline (NPL-2003) in Adults With Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder (OCD) TI  - Pilot Study of Minocycline (NPL-2003) in Adults With Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder (OCD)
Combined Exposure Therapy and D-Cycloserine vs. Placebo for Posttraumatic Stress Disorder; Overall, this study aims 1) to determine if subjects administered DCS show a significantly larger decrease in symptoms of PTSD as compared to those administered a placebo, 2) to determine if subjects administered DCS show a decrease in PTSD symptomatology significantly earlier (as measured by weeks) than those administered a placebo, 3) to determine if differences in symptomatology are evident at a 6-month follow-up and indicate long-term differences between groups, and 4) to determine if the BDNF SNP predicts treatment response. AN  - NCT00632632 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Virtual Reality & D-cycloserine (DCS) for Posttraumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) (VR-DCS) TI  - Combined Exposure Therapy and D-Cycloserine vs. Placebo for Posttraumatic Stress Disorder
INdobufen Versus aSpirin in acUte Ischemic stRokE,INSURE; China has the largest burden of cerebrovascular disease in the world. About 60% to 80% of which are ischemic stroke. In recent years, stroke has replaced heart disease and tumor diseases as the first cause of death and disability in adult population. The primary purpose of this study is to evaluate the efficacy of indobufen treatment in reducing the risk of a 3-month new stroke (any type of stroke, including ischemic stroke and hemorrhagic stroke) for patients with moderate/severe ischemic stroke is not inferior to aspirin therapy. AN  - NCT03871517 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - INdobufen Versus aSpirin in acUte Ischemic stRokE,INSURE TI  - INdobufen Versus aSpirin in acUte Ischemic stRokE,INSURE
An Open Pilot Trial of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) Augmented by D-Cycloserine as a Treatment for Depression.; Among antidepressant treatments, Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) stands as the most effective in treating acute depression. However, patient concerns with the cognitive side effects of ECT have encouraged the development of new and more focal forms of brain stimulation such as transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS). The investigators' current study of tDCS as a treatment for depression suggests that this technique has antidepressant effects and is safe, painless and well tolerated. However, not all patients may respond to this treatment and the concern of possible relapse in some patients who respond to tDCS has raised interest in finding treatments that may enhance and prolong the antidepressant effects of tDCS. This study will investigate whether D-Cycloserine, a medication shown to lengthen the effects of tDCS on brain activity, can also enhance/prolong the antidepressant effects of tDCS in people suffering from depression. AN  - NCT00869765 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) Augmentation by D-Cycloserine as a Treatment for Depression TI  - An Open Pilot Trial of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) Augmented by D-Cycloserine as a Treatment for Depression.
Observational Post-Marketing Safety Surveillance Registry of Enbrel (Etanercept) for Treatment of Psoriasis; This is an observational safety study tracking psoriasis patients on etanercept (Enbrel) for 5 years. AN  - NCT00322439 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Observational Safety Study of Etanercept (Enbrel) for Treatment of Psoriasis TI  - Observational Post-Marketing Safety Surveillance Registry of Enbrel (Etanercept) for Treatment of Psoriasis
Supplementary Epidural Analgesia in Video-Assisted Thoracic Surgery (VATS) - The SEAVATS Study; The SEAVATS Study will try to answer this question. AN  - NCT02359175 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Supplementary Epidural Analgesia in Video-Assisted Thoracic Surgery (VATS) - The SEAVATS Study (SEAVATS) TI  - Supplementary Epidural Analgesia in Video-Assisted Thoracic Surgery (VATS) - The SEAVATS Study
Prediction of Cognitive, Neurotrophic, Anti-Inflammatory, and Antioxidant Effectiveness of rTMS Application in Alzheimer's Patients; Since pharmacological methods are insufficient in the treatment processes of Alzheimer's disease, non-pharmacological methods such as Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) have started to be tried as a treatment option as in other neurological and psychiatric diseases. Repeated (rTMS) offers a potential treatment pathway for neurological and psychiatric illnesses. rTMS benefit rate may vary depending on many factors such as the region where it is applied, the progression and the disease degree. The possible effects of TMS on Alzheimer's pathophysiology and modification of disease process (neuroprotective, anti-inflammatory and antioxidant) will also be revealed through blood samples taken from patients before and after treatment. These approaches also constitute the original value of our study. AN  - NCT05977088 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Prediction of Effectiveness of rTMS Application in Alzheimer's Patients TI  - Prediction of Cognitive, Neurotrophic, Anti-Inflammatory, and Antioxidant Effectiveness of rTMS Application in Alzheimer's Patients
Analyzing the Association Between Cardiovascular Diseases and Mental Illness Considering Environmental Risk Factors; Cardiovascular diseases (CVD) are important public health concerns around the world and closely associated with the development and progression of mental illness, which in turn increases the risk of developing cardiovascular diseases. This study aimed (1) to explore the known or unknown protective and risk factors underlying this comorbidity using questionnaires; (2) to study the biomarkers (body fluid, imaging) of the participants, and to find the influence on the relationship between CVD and mental health; (3) to identify high-risk populations for mental disorders in CVD patients and to establish prediction models. (4) to establish a specialized medical database. AN  - NCT06239246 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Association Between Cardiovascular Diseases and Mental Illness TI  - Analyzing the Association Between Cardiovascular Diseases and Mental Illness Considering Environmental Risk Factors
Adjunctive Curcumin for Symptomatic Adolescents With Bipolar Disorder: Brain and Body Considerations; This study will enroll 30 adolescents with bipolar disorder (BD) who are suffering from symptoms of depression despite already taking a traditional mood-stabilizing medication. Curcumin will be added to their current medications for 8 weeks. During these 8 weeks, their mood symptoms will be assessed regularly. Height, weight, and blood pressure will also be measured repeatedly. Blood tests will be completed before treatment, after 4 weeks of treatment, and at the end of the study. Blood tests will allow us to determine whether changes in inflammation and oxidative stress explain curcumin's effect on mood. Finally, we will use sophisticated technology to measure blood vessel functioning. We have three main predictions: 1. Curcumin will improve mood symptoms without causing physical problems; 2. Curcumin will reduce inflammation and oxidative stress, and these reductions will be linked to improvements in mood; 3. Curcumin will improve blood vessel functioning, and these improvements will be linked to improved inflammation and oxidative stress. AN  - NCT01928043 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Adjunctive Curcumin for Symptomatic Adolescents With Bipolar Disorder: Brain and Body Considerations TI  - Adjunctive Curcumin for Symptomatic Adolescents With Bipolar Disorder: Brain and Body Considerations
Aspirin in Reducing Events in the Elderly; ASPREE-XT is a post-treatment, longitudinal observational follow-up study of ASPREE participants [ASPREE Investigator Group, 2013; www.aspree.org; McNeil et al 2017]. Although the ASPREE trial medication was ceased, the study activity was not stopped and ASPREE participants are continuing with scheduled visits and phone calls. An observational follow-up phase (ASPREE-XT), began in January, 2018. This will enable the monitoring of possible delayed effects of aspirin treatment, primarily on cancer incidence, metastases and mortality. In addition to monitoring the incidence of malignancy within the ASPREE cohort, the opportunity will be taken to observe any other residual effects of aspirin on the endpoints being monitored in the cohort. Continuity of contact with study participants is the key to retention of the cohort for any ongoing or future studies. AN  - NCT01038583 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Aspirin in Reducing Events in the Elderly (ASPREE) TI  - Aspirin in Reducing Events in the Elderly
Study of the Profile and Clinical Management of Patients With Rheumatoid Arthritis Treated With Biologic Therapy Alone; This observational multicenter study will evaluate the management of disease and safety in clinical practice in patients with moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis receiving any biological therapies in monotherapy. AN  - NCT01664117 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - An Observational Study in Clinical Practice Management of Patients With Biological Drugs in Monotherapy TI  - Study of the Profile and Clinical Management of Patients With Rheumatoid Arthritis Treated With Biologic Therapy Alone
Defining Neurobiological Signatures for Chronic Traumatic Brain Injury Using PET-MRI Technology; Chronic Traumatic Brain Injury (cTBI) symptoms exist in individuals who experienced previous traumatic brain injuries. There are 80-90 thousand individuals who are clinically diagnosed with cTBI, with estimated costs at greater than 60 billion dollars. However, there is a lack of studies using comprehensive diagnostic imaging tools to better understand physiological ramifications of the injury that may help guide therapy. This study uses integrative medicine approaches for persons with cTBI. Another aim of this study will be a continuation of this protocol in an effort to address the ongoing distressing physiological and psychological (anxiety and depression) symptoms associated with cTBI. After completion of the initial 3 study arms, the investigators have amended the protocol to evaluate the physiological and psychological effects and potential symptom improvement of integrative medicine approaches in cTBI patients using the Neuro Emotive Technique (NET). Participants may be re-enrolled in the NET group after completion of participation in the initial study arms. The participants in the NET substudy will be interviewed about Subjective Units of Distress (SUDS) associated with the cTBI event initially and after completion of the NET sessions. AN  - NCT03241732 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - PET-MRI in Chronic Traumatic Brain Injury (CTBI) (PET-MRIcTBI) TI  - Defining Neurobiological Signatures for Chronic Traumatic Brain Injury Using PET-MRI Technology
Mineralocorticoid Receptor in the Treatment of Severe Depression: A Randomized, Double Blind, and Placebo Controlled Trial; The proposed research aims to compare the onset of action and the efficacy of fludrocortisone, a mineralocorticoid receptor agonist vs. spironolactone, a mineralocorticoid antagonist, vs. placebo as augmentation to a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) in 65 inpatients with severe depression. The study will also explore the utility of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis in predicting treatment response. The study will be a 5-week randomized and double-blind trial of fludrocortisone vs. spironolactone vs. placebo during three years. AN  - NCT00295347 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Mineralocorticoid Receptor in the Treatment of Severe Depression TI  - Mineralocorticoid Receptor in the Treatment of Severe Depression: A Randomized, Double Blind, and Placebo Controlled Trial
Efficacy of an Early Intervention Programme Using Therapeutic Exercise in Patients With Plantar Fasciopathy; The aim of this project is to evaluate the efficacy of a therapeutic exercise programme in patients with plantar fasciitis applied early and aimed at strengthening the hip and foot musculature. AN  - NCT06394336 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Early Intervention With Therapeutic Exercise in Plantar Fasciopathy (PIPex-FP) TI  - Efficacy of an Early Intervention Programme Using Therapeutic Exercise in Patients With Plantar Fasciopathy
PKC as Serum Biomarkers for Depression; Inflammation that is mediated by microglia activation plays an important role in the pathogenesis of depression. Microglia activation can lead to an increase in the levels of proinflammatory cytokines, including TNF-α, which leads to neuronal apoptosis in the specific neural circuits of some brain regions, abnormal cognition, and treatment-resistant depression (TRD). Protein kinase C (PKC) is a key regulator of the microglia activation process. The investigators assume that the abnormality in PKC might be the serum biomarkers of depression. AN  - NCT04531423 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - PKC as Serum Biomarkers for Depression TI  - PKC as Serum Biomarkers for Depression
A Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled, Phase III Multicenter Study of Subcutaneous Secukinumab (150 mg) With and Without a Subcutaneous Loading Regimen to Assess Efficacy, Safety, and Tolerability up to 2 Years in Patients With Active Ankylosing Spondylitis; The purpose of this study is to provide 16-week efficacy, safety and tolerability data versus placebo to support the use of secukinumab 150 mg by subcutaneous (s.c.) self-administration with or without a loading regimen and maintenance dosing using pre-filled syringe (PFS) and to assess efficacy, safety and tolerability up to 2 years in subjects with active AS despite current or previous NSAID, non-biologic DMARD, or biologic anti-TNFα therapy. AN  - NCT02159053 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - 16-week Efficacy and 2-year Safety, Tolerability and Efficacy of Secukinumab in Participants With Active Ankylosing Spondylitis (MEASURE4) TI  - A Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled, Phase III Multicenter Study of Subcutaneous Secukinumab (150 mg) With and Without a Subcutaneous Loading Regimen to Assess Efficacy, Safety, and Tolerability up to 2 Years in Patients With Active Ankylosing Spondylitis
Effectiveness of Two-channel Intravenous Patient-controlled Analgesia With Dexmedetomidine on Postoperative Opioid Consumption After Major Laparoscopic Abdominal Surgery; Dexmedetomidine was administered in the 'selector' channel and fentanyl in the 'basic & bolus' channel of dual channel intravenous patient-controlled analgesia (IV-PCA) and the amount of opioid consumption was compared. In addition, intensity of pain, postoperative nausea/vomiting, and postoperative delirium was evaluated. AN  - NCT05672225 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Two-channel IV-PCA With Dexmedetomidine TI  - Effectiveness of Two-channel Intravenous Patient-controlled Analgesia With Dexmedetomidine on Postoperative Opioid Consumption After Major Laparoscopic Abdominal Surgery
Potential Predictive Biological Markers of Major Depression Response to Citalopram Therapy in Patients With Anorexia Nervosa: a Single-center Study.; - Hamilton scale 17 items and other clinical scales (EDI-3, SCL-90, BUT). AN  - NCT05795283 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Potential Predictive Biological Markers of Major Depression Response to Citalopram Therapy in Anorexia Nervosa. (ANCITA) TI  - Potential Predictive Biological Markers of Major Depression Response to Citalopram Therapy in Patients With Anorexia Nervosa: a Single-center Study.
Safety/Efficacy of Intranasally-Administered Bioactive Factors Produced by Autologous M2 Macrophages in Patients With Organic Brain Syndrome; The investigators have designed an innovative proof-of-concept trial designed to provide data as to whether the treatment/rehabilitation efficacy and functional outcome of patients with organic brain syndrome are improved with intranasal inhalations of bioactive factors (BF), produced by autologous M2 macrophages (auto-M2-BFs). The rationale for this approach is the ability of central nervous system to repair and the important role of macrophages in the regulation of this process. It was found that type 2 macrophages have anti-inflammatory and reparative potential, whereas M1 cells possess pro-inflammatory and neurotoxic effects. Action of M2 macrophages is largely realized through the production a wide variety of bioactive factors (cytokines, chemokines, growth factors, neuropeptides, microvesicles etc) that inhibit inflammation, protect neurons from apoptosis, stimulate neurogenesis, the growth and remyelination of axons, the formation of new synapses and activate angiogenesis. This study uses auto-M2-BFs, as therapeutic agents and intranasal administration focusing on nose to brain transport, as a mode of delivery. Expected clinical effects in treated subjects: improvement of cognitive functions (memory, language, attention); correction of focal neurological deficit (paresis, spasticity, sensory disorders); reduction vestibular/ataxic disorders (vertigo, unsteadiness when walking); reduction of headaches; reduction of asthenia (weakness, fatigue); correction of emotional disorders (anxiety, depression). AN  - NCT02957123 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Intranasal Inhalations of Bioactive Factors Produced by M2 Macrophages in Patients With Organic Brain Syndrome TI  - Safety/Efficacy of Intranasally-Administered Bioactive Factors Produced by Autologous M2 Macrophages in Patients With Organic Brain Syndrome
The Effect of Cortisol Administration on Neural Correlates of Emotion in Depression; There is good evidence to suggest that the pathological version of sadness that people with Major Depression experience could be caused by the failure of the hormone cortisol to properly inhibit sadness-related brain activity in the subgenual cingulate cortex. This project investigates if the subgenual cingulate cortex has become insensitive to cortisol in patients with depression and tests for variants of the cortisol receptor genes that could predispose individuals to develop cortisol insensitivity. AN  - NCT02837432 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Effect of Cortisol Administration on Neural Correlates of Emotion in Depression TI  - The Effect of Cortisol Administration on Neural Correlates of Emotion in Depression
Impact of Local Anesthetic Wound Infiltration on Postoperative Pain Following Cesarean Delivery; The purpose of this study is to determine if the infusion of the local anesthetic ropivacaine (a numbing medicine) and the non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug ketorolac (a pain killer similar to ibuprofen) through a catheter placed along the cesarean delivery incision, will reduce the pain experienced after cesarean section and need for narcotic pain medicine. AN  - NCT02829944 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Impact of Local Anesthetic Wound Infiltration on Postoperative Pain Following Cesarean Delivery TI  - Impact of Local Anesthetic Wound Infiltration on Postoperative Pain Following Cesarean Delivery
Reinforcement Learning and Obsessive-compulsive Disorder: Exploring the Role of the Orbitofrontal Cortex; In this case-control study, the investigators propose an integrative approach to address how structural, functional, and metabolic brain changes involving the corticostriatal circuit correlate with performance in an RL task, as well as with peripheral blood markers of immune dysfunction and associated environmental risk factors such as infection and childhood trauma. Furthermore, since neuromodulation of the prefrontal cortex, using repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), has recently received FDA clearance for adjunctive treatment in patients with OCD, these associations will be further explored in patients treated with this method. Indeed, in patients with OCD enrolled in the study upon referral to the rTMS Programme for OCD at the Champalimaud Clinical Centre, a follow-up visit will be conducted after the end of treatment (30 sessions of excitatory rTMS over the medial prefrontal cortex). In this subgroup of participants with longitudinal assessment, we will measure change in study parameters and the associations between such change and the clinical effects of treatment, as well as prediction of treatment effects according to baseline assessments. AN  - NCT06566781 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Reinforcement Learning and Obsessive-compulsive Disorder: Exploring the Role of the Orbitofrontal Cortex (NEUROCOMP) TI  - Reinforcement Learning and Obsessive-compulsive Disorder: Exploring the Role of the Orbitofrontal Cortex
Role of Methotrexate in Improving Physical Function in Older Adults With Elevated Levels of Inflammation; This study will be the first to test whether a selected anti-inflammatory agent, methotrexate, reduces inflammation in a human body, improve cognitive and physical function, and reduce pain levels in older adults at risk for functional decline, due to systemic inflammation. AN  - NCT02079948 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Inflammation Control For Elders: ICE Study (ICE) TI  - Role of Methotrexate in Improving Physical Function in Older Adults With Elevated Levels of Inflammation
Long-term Follow-up of a Randomized Multicenter Trial on Impact of Imatinib and Infliximab on Long-COVID in Hospitalized COVID-19 Patients; - Whole-genome genotyping will be performed for a genome-wide association study to investigate genetic correlates of long-COVID-19 -symptoms in treatment arms. AN  - NCT05220280 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - SOLIDARITY Finland Plus Long-COVID TI  - Long-term Follow-up of a Randomized Multicenter Trial on Impact of Imatinib and Infliximab on Long-COVID in Hospitalized COVID-19 Patients
Acetylsalicylic Acid as Secondary Prevention in Colorectal Cancer; The ASAC trial will be the first clinical interventional trial to assess the beneficial role of ASA in recurrence of CRC liver metastases and survival. ASA is an inexpensive, well tolerated, and easily accessible drug that will be highly potential as adjuvant drug in secondary prevention of CRC liver metastases if the study shows a beneficial effect. This trial will also investigate the effect of ASA as adjuvant treatment on Health-related Quality of Life and the cost-effectiveness. AN  - NCT03326791 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Aspirin in Colorectal Cancer Liver Metastases (ASAC) TI  - Acetylsalicylic Acid as Secondary Prevention in Colorectal Cancer
Correlation Between Depression Scores and Serum NF-ĸB/NLRP3 Axis, Biotinidase, and HMGB After Treatment With Isotretinoin in Patients With Acne Vulgaris; Acne is a chronic inflammatory disease of the pilosebaceous unit resulting from androgen-induced increased sebum production, altered keratinization, inflammation, and bacterial colonization of hair follicles on the face, neck, chest, and back by, Cutibacterium acnes. Although all age groups can be affected, it is primarily a disease of adolescence. Treatment selection is based on disease severity, patient preference, and tolerability. Isotretinoin is drug of chioce used for moderate and severe acne. Isotretinoin results in a significant reduction in sebum production, influences comedogenesis, lowers surface and ductal c. acnes and has anti-inflammatory properties. Biotin deficiency may be caused by insufficient dietary uptake of biotin, drug- vitamin interactions and increased biotin catabolism during pregnancy and in smokers. Biotin deficiency can also be precipitated by decreased activities of biotinidase, which plays a central role in the intestinal absorption of biotin AN  - NCT06242288 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Correlation Between Depression Scores and Serum NF-ĸB/NLRP3 Axis, Biotinidase, and HMGB After Treatment With Isotretinoin in Patients With Acne Vulgaris TI  - Correlation Between Depression Scores and Serum NF-ĸB/NLRP3 Axis, Biotinidase, and HMGB After Treatment With Isotretinoin in Patients With Acne Vulgaris
Application of Ultrasound Shear Wave Elastography on the Adjunct Corticosteroid Therapy on Tuberculous Lymphadenitis: a Randomized Control Trial; 3. To investigate the potential biomarker of host immunity in response to tuberculosis and predict the development of paradoxical upgrading reaction. AN  - NCT05861440 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Applying Shear Wave Elastography for Adjunct Steroid on Tuberculous Lymphadenitis TI  - Application of Ultrasound Shear Wave Elastography on the Adjunct Corticosteroid Therapy on Tuberculous Lymphadenitis: a Randomized Control Trial
Integrating Depression Care in Acute Coronary Syndromes Patients in Low Resource Hospitals in China; The overall goal of this study is to develop, pilot test, implement, and evaluate a nurse-coordinated depression care model integrated into the care of Acute Coronary Syndromes (ACS) patients with rigorous assessment of feasibility, effectiveness, acceptability and cost in rural China. This study is a large multi-center, randomized clinical trial among 4,000 ACS patients from 20 rural county hospitals selected from a well-established research network across China. AN  - NCT02195193 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Integrating Depression Care in Acute Coronary Syndromes Care in China (I-Care) TI  - Integrating Depression Care in Acute Coronary Syndromes Patients in Low Resource Hospitals in China
A Randomized, 24-Week Treatment, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled Efficacy and Safety Study of Dupilumab 300 mg Every Other Week, in Patients With Bilateral Nasal Polyposis on a Background Therapy With Intranasal Corticosteroids; - To evaluate functional dupilumab concentrations (systemic exposure) and incidence of treatment-emergent anti-drug antibodies. AN  - NCT02912468 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Controlled Clinical Study of Dupilumab in Patients With Bilateral Nasal Polyps (SINUS-24) TI  - A Randomized, 24-Week Treatment, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled Efficacy and Safety Study of Dupilumab 300 mg Every Other Week, in Patients With Bilateral Nasal Polyposis on a Background Therapy With Intranasal Corticosteroids
A Causal Relationship Study Between Anxiety, Depression, and Rheumatoid Arthritis; Currently, clinical studies have found that the relief of depression or anxiety is one of the expected treatment goals for RA patients. Due to the unclear pathogenic factors of depression or anxiety in RA patients, there is a lack of effective clinical treatment options. Therefore, this study will use a "causal inference model" to identify possible "mediating variables" that may lead to the comorbidity of RA and emotional disorders through clinical investigation, aiming to improve the precision of treatment for physicians. AN  - NCT05892562 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Causal Relationship Study Between Anxiety, Depression, and Rheumatoid Arthritis TI  - A Causal Relationship Study Between Anxiety, Depression, and Rheumatoid Arthritis
Minocycline for Treatment of Posttraumatic Stress Disorder in Veterans; The study will evaluate the safety and efficacy of adjunctive minocycline treatment in veterans with PTSD. AN  - NCT03340350 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Minocycline for Treatment of Posttraumatic Stress Disorder in Veterans TI  - Minocycline for Treatment of Posttraumatic Stress Disorder in Veterans
Randomized Controlled Trial of Adjunctive Curcumin and the Meru Health Program for Adults With Depression; This is a randomized controlled trial (RCT) to compare the Meru Health Program plus adjunctive curcumin (MHP-CUR) versus Meru Health Program only (MHP-ONLY) for adults with depression. Meru Health is a 12-week integrative treatment program based on several evidence-based practices and overseen by licensed clinical therapists that is delivered via a Smartphone app. The primary objective of the study is to determine the feasibility, initial efficacy (depressive symptoms), and potential harms of taking adjunctive curcumin supplementation during the 12-week MHP among adults with depression. Secondary objectives include comparing changes in inflammation biomarkers, anxiety, worker productivity, and burnout that occur during the program between those in MHP-CUR and MHP-ONLY. AN  - NCT04744545 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - RCT of Adjunctive Curcumin and the Meru Health Program TI  - Randomized Controlled Trial of Adjunctive Curcumin and the Meru Health Program for Adults With Depression
A Randomised, Double-Blind, Multinational Study to Prevent Major Vascular Events With Ticagrelor Compared to Aspirin (ASA) in Patients With Acute Ischaemic Stroke or TIA.; The primary objective of the study is to compare the effect of 90-day treatment with ticagrelor (180 mg [two 90 mg tablets] loading dose on Day 1 followed by 90 mg twice daily maintenance dose for the remainder of the study) vs acetylsalicylic acid (ASA)-aspirin (300 mg [three 100 mg tablets] loading dose on Day 1 followed by 100 mg once daily maintenance dose for the remainder of the study) for the prevention of major vascular events (composite of stroke, myocardial infarction [MI], and death) in patients with acute ischaemic stroke or transient ischaemic attack (TIA). AN  - NCT01994720 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - [SOCRATES -Acute Stroke Or Transient IsChaemic Attack TReated With Aspirin or Ticagrelor and Patient OutcomES] (SOCRATES) TI  - A Randomised, Double-Blind, Multinational Study to Prevent Major Vascular Events With Ticagrelor Compared to Aspirin (ASA) in Patients With Acute Ischaemic Stroke or TIA.
The Immune Effects of Low-dose Naltrexone in People With Myalgic Encephalopathy/Chronic Fatigue Syndrome (ME/CFS); The main objective of this study is to test if naltrexone, when taken in low doses, has an anti-inflammatory effect that may be associated with positive clinical outcomes in people with chronic fatigue syndrome (CFS). In part, the present study, is a continuation of prior work in which we showed that chronic fatigue symptoms are associated with immune activity, and that low-dose naltrexone might exert anti-inflammatory effects in fibromyalgia, which is thought to share some pathophysiological and clinical characteristics with CFS. AN  - NCT02965768 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Immune Effects of Low-dose Naltrexone in ME/CFS TI  - The Immune Effects of Low-dose Naltrexone in People With Myalgic Encephalopathy/Chronic Fatigue Syndrome (ME/CFS)
Effect of Genotype-Guided Oral P2Y12 Inhibitor Selection Vs Conventional Clopidogrel Therapy in Symptomatic Intracranial Atherosclerotic Disease: a Pilot Prospective, Randomized, Open-label, Blinded-endpoint (PROBE) Multi- Centre Study; Stroke is an important cause of death, disability, and memory problems in adults. The build-up of plaque in arteries inside the brain is known as "intracranial atherosclerotic disease" or "ICAD" for short, and can reduce blood flow in the brain. Clopidogrel is a medicine used to prevent strokes because it stops blood from clotting. However, there are some people who do not get as much benefit from Clopidogrel because of differences in their genes; they have a variation in a certain gene and their body is not able to properly process Clopidogrel. Another medication called Ticagrelor can benefit people who have this genetic variation. The study investigators will randomize patients who have had a stroke due to ICAD to receive genetic testing, or standard of care. The standard-of-care group will take Clopidogrel for 90 days. The genetic testing group will complete a genetic test to see if they can properly process Clopidogrel. Depending on the results of the genetic test, patients will either take Clopidogrel or Ticagrelor for 90 days. All patients will have a brain scan at baseline and 90 days to see if they had any new strokes. Patients will also complete tests and questionnaires about function and memory at baseline and 90 days. This study will be one of the first to see if it is feasible and safe to use genetic testing to help choose medications for patients who have had a stroke. This will help the study investigators design a larger study that can test if genetic testing in stroke patients reduces future stroke risk and improves health outcomes. AN  - NCT06714526 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effect of Genotype-Guided Oral P2Y12 Inhibitor Selection Vs Conventional Clopidogrel Therapy in Symptomatic ICAD (NUANCE-ICAD) TI  - Effect of Genotype-Guided Oral P2Y12 Inhibitor Selection Vs Conventional Clopidogrel Therapy in Symptomatic Intracranial Atherosclerotic Disease: a Pilot Prospective, Randomized, Open-label, Blinded-endpoint (PROBE) Multi- Centre Study
The Effects of Cognitive Exercise Therapy Approach on Vascularization, Muscle Strength, Functionality, Anti-Inflammatory and Biopsycosocial Status in Individuals With Systemic Sclerosis; The aim of this study is to investigate the effects of Cognitive Exercise Therapy Approach (BETY) on vascularization, muscle strength, functionality, anti-inflammatory and biopsychosocial status in individuals with systemic sclerosis and to present a named exercise model for this disease group with objective results. AN  - NCT05453071 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Effect of Cognitive Exercise Therapy Approach in Individuals With Systemic Sclerosis TI  - The Effects of Cognitive Exercise Therapy Approach on Vascularization, Muscle Strength, Functionality, Anti-Inflammatory and Biopsycosocial Status in Individuals With Systemic Sclerosis
Manipulation Under Anesthesia (MUA) to Treat Postoperative Stiffness After Total Knee Arthroplasty: A Multicenter Randomized Clinical Trial; Outcomes will include pain, range of motion, as well as subjective outcome scores. AN  - NCT02739035 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - MUA to Treat Postoperative Stiffness After Total Knee Arthroplasty (MUA) TI  - Manipulation Under Anesthesia (MUA) to Treat Postoperative Stiffness After Total Knee Arthroplasty: A Multicenter Randomized Clinical Trial
Depression and Anxiety in Rheumatoid Arthritis: Prevalence and Relation With Disease Activity; The primary endpoint of this study is to evaluate the prevalence of anxiety and depressive disorders, and their relationship with disease activity, in patients with rheumatoid arthritis treated with biological drugs AN  - NCT02122406 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Depression and Anxiety in Rheumatoid Arthritis (DEAR) TI  - Depression and Anxiety in Rheumatoid Arthritis: Prevalence and Relation With Disease Activity
A Randomized, Double-blind, 52-week, Placebo Controlled Efficacy and Safety Study of Dupilumab, in Patients With Bilateral Nasal Polyposis on a Background Therapy With Intranasal Corticosteroids; - To evaluate functional dupilumab concentrations (systemic exposure) and incidence of treatment emergent anti-drug antibodies. AN  - NCT02898454 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Controlled Clinical Study of Dupilumab in Patients With Nasal Polyps (SINUS-52) TI  - A Randomized, Double-blind, 52-week, Placebo Controlled Efficacy and Safety Study of Dupilumab, in Patients With Bilateral Nasal Polyposis on a Background Therapy With Intranasal Corticosteroids
Chronotherapy With Aspirin for Reduction of Cardiovascular Disease; This study will be a comparative effectiveness research to determine the difference in major adverse cardiovascular events between the group with aspirin after awakening and placebo before bedtime and the group with placebo after awakening and aspirin before bedtime. AN  - NCT04132791 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - TIME ASPIRIN: Chronotherapy With Aspirin for Reduction of Cardiovascular Disease (TImE ASPIRIN) TI  - Chronotherapy With Aspirin for Reduction of Cardiovascular Disease
The PROVIDE Study; Preeclampsia Research on Vitamin D, Inflammation, & Depression; The study will enroll up to 200 pregnant women (in third trimester of pregnancy) in total. AN  - NCT03018132 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Preeclampsia Research on Vitamin D, Inflammation, & Depression (PROVIDE) TI  - The PROVIDE Study; Preeclampsia Research on Vitamin D, Inflammation, & Depression
EMOTIon and COgNitive Function After Atrial Fibrillation Catheter Ablation vs. Medical Therapy; Randomized Clinical Trial (EMOTICON Trial); In this prospective randomized clinical comparative study, the investigators will compare the AF catheter ablation group and drug therapy group in terms of cognitive function tests and depression psychological tests at baseline and a year after treatment. Our hypothesis is that AF catheter ablation is superior to drug therapy to improve cognitive function and depressive mood. AN  - NCT04942171 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - EMOTIon and COgNitive Function After Atrial Fibrillation Catheter Ablation vs. Medical Therapy(EMOTICON Trial) TI  - EMOTIon and COgNitive Function After Atrial Fibrillation Catheter Ablation vs. Medical Therapy; Randomized Clinical Trial (EMOTICON Trial)
Evaluation of Mood Disorders Under Biologics (Anti-TNF Alpha) in Chronic Inflammatory Rheumatic Disease; Chronic inflammatory rheumatic diseases (CIRD) affect many organ systems. Painful sensations within the joints spine, hand and foot deformities, low quality of life and psychosocial status in patients with rheumatoid arthritis, spondyloarthritis and psoriatic arthritis can lead to the development of anxiety and depression. Prevalences of anxiety increase in patients suffering of CIRD, compared with healthy individuals. Another connection has been identified by the links between depression and systemic inflammation. It is proven that higher plasma levels of pro-inflammatory cytokines such as tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNFa) affect neurotransmitter metabolism, with influence on patients mood. The purpose of EMOTION study is therefore to analyze thymic variation under TNFa therapy, as treatment of CIRDs. AN  - NCT04817072 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Evaluation of Mood Disorders Under Biologics in Chronic Inflammatory Rheumatic Disease (EMOTION) TI  - Evaluation of Mood Disorders Under Biologics (Anti-TNF Alpha) in Chronic Inflammatory Rheumatic Disease
Effect of Steroids Given Over 24 Hours on Cytokine Release and Urinary Desmosine Levels in Patients Undergoing Bilateral Total Knee Replacement; 2. Decrease urinary desmosine levels, and hence be protective of lung injury. AN  - NCT01399268 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Steroids in Bilateral Total Knee Replacement TI  - Effect of Steroids Given Over 24 Hours on Cytokine Release and Urinary Desmosine Levels in Patients Undergoing Bilateral Total Knee Replacement
Placebo-controlled, Dose-response Study of Ibuprofen Effects on Brain Function; The aim of this project is to determine whether the acute oral administration of Ibuprofen changes the activation pattern in the amygdala and other brain structures during functional magnetic resonance imaging. The investigators use a double-blind, randomized, repeated-measures design. Each of the 20 healthy control subjects will be tested three times and receive placebo, 200 mg or 600 mg dose of ibuprofen p.o. The study will consist of 4 sessions: a baseline screening session and 3 testing sessions scheduled 1-2 weeks apart. Each of these individuals will undergo a multi-level assessment based on the RDoC approach that consists of (a) a standardized diagnostic assessment, (b) self-report questionnaires assessing the positive and negative valence domains as well as interoception, (c) behavioral tasks assessing reward-related processing, avoidance, and aversive processing, cognition, and interoception; (d) physiological measurements consisting of facial emotion expression monitoring, heart rate and respiration, (e) functional magnetic resonance imaging focusing on reward-related processing, fear conditioning and extinction, cognitive inhibition, and interoceptive processing, and (f) biomarker assessments. AN  - NCT02507219 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study of Ibuprofen Effects on Brain Function TI  - Placebo-controlled, Dose-response Study of Ibuprofen Effects on Brain Function
Etanercept for the Treatment of Chronic Regional Pain Syndrome; Studying the effects of Etanercept (an anti-Tumor Necrosis Factor alpha) on early Chronic Regional Pain Syndrome (CRPS). Our hypothesis is that Etanercept will improve patient symptoms if given in early CRPS. AN  - NCT02031211 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - TNF-alpha Inhibition in CRPS: A Randomized Controlled Trial TI  - Etanercept for the Treatment of Chronic Regional Pain Syndrome
A Phase IB, Open Label Study to Examine the Safety, Pharmacokinetic Characteristics and Anti-Inflammatory Effects of the NK-1R Antagonist, Aprepitant, In HIV-Infected Subjects Receiving Atazanavir/Ritonavir Or Darunavir/Ritonavir; Our hypothesis is that Aprepitant will be safe, well tolerated, and will have anti-inflammatory properties when administered concomitantly with the protease inhibitor ritonavir. AN  - NCT02154360 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Pharmacokinetic Characteristics and Anti-Inflammatory Effects of Aprepitant In HIV-Infected Subjects (Emend-IV) TI  - A Phase IB, Open Label Study to Examine the Safety, Pharmacokinetic Characteristics and Anti-Inflammatory Effects of the NK-1R Antagonist, Aprepitant, In HIV-Infected Subjects Receiving Atazanavir/Ritonavir Or Darunavir/Ritonavir
Antibody-mediated NMDA Receptor Encephalitis: Symptoms, Biomarkers, and Mechanisms of the Prolonged Recovery Stage; In Aim 3, a mouse model of NMDARe will be used to determine the underlying mechanisms and treatment of the postacute stage. AN  - NCT06183788 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Antibody-mediated NMDA Receptor Encephalitis: Symptoms, Biomarkers, and Mechanisms of the Prolonged Recovery Stage (AMENDS) TI  - Antibody-mediated NMDA Receptor Encephalitis: Symptoms, Biomarkers, and Mechanisms of the Prolonged Recovery Stage
The Norwegian Prednisolone in Early Psychosis Study - NorPEPS. The Role of Immune-modulating Strategies in the Treatment of Psychosis; A decrease in symptom severity is expected, as low grade brain inflammation may be associated with psychotic symptoms. The results may give raise to a new line of scientific research as well as treatment options for a disabling disorder. AN  - NCT03340909 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Norwegian Prednisolone in Early Psychosis Study (NorPEPS) TI  - The Norwegian Prednisolone in Early Psychosis Study - NorPEPS. The Role of Immune-modulating Strategies in the Treatment of Psychosis
Mindfulness-based Social Cognition Group Training (SocialMIND) Versus Psychoeducational Multicomponent Intervention in Patients With a First Episode of Psychosis (AGES-Mind Study): A Randomized Controlled Trial; The current investigation aims to compare two group intervention in patients with a first episode of psychosis, that is, people who have suffered their first psychotic episode within 5 years prior to their inclusion in the study. The experimental arm is a mindfulness-based social cognition training (SocialMind) designed by professionals with both formal training and clinical experience in the field of mindfulness and third generation cognitive-behavioral therapies. The active comparator arm is a psychoeducation program specifically designed for individuals with recent onset psychosis by members of the team with great experience in delivering such interventions. The main outcome is social functioning, as measured by the Personal and Social Performance Scale (PSP), an instrument developed for psychotic patients. The main hypothesis is that the improvement in social functioning will be larger among the participants on the experimental arm, because there is enough evidence suggesting that deficits in social cognition are present even in the first stages of psychotic syndrome and related to social functioning and general disability. Moreover, mindfulness-based interventions have proven themselves effective in other severe mental disorders. AN  - NCT03309475 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effectiveness of a Mindfulness-based Group Training Addressing Social Cognition in First Episode Psychosis (AGES-Mind) (AGES-Mind) TI  - Mindfulness-based Social Cognition Group Training (SocialMIND) Versus Psychoeducational Multicomponent Intervention in Patients With a First Episode of Psychosis (AGES-Mind Study): A Randomized Controlled Trial
Adjunctive Minocycline in Clozapine Treated Schizophrenia Patients; Schizophrenia is a devastating and costly illness. One-third to one-half of people with schizophrenia do not respond to the most current drugs leaving clozapine as the best alternative for treatment. However, over 60% of people treated with clozapine continue to have persistent symptoms and cognitive impairments. Little data is available to support evidence-based recommendations to guide clinicians in treating these patients. Preliminary data has suggested that adjunct treatment with minocycline may offer robust symptom improvement in patients with schizophrenia, including those taking clozapine. Minocycline has had interesting effects; including suggesting it may have a significant role in treatment of neurologic and psychiatric disorders. Minocycline is currently available generically; its side effects are well-described and minimal. The proposed double-blind treatment study seeks to demonstrate that adjunctive minocycline offers patients superior efficacy for persistent positive symptoms, cognitive impairments, and/or other components of schizophrenia pathology. This knowledge could lead to the more effective treatment of patients with schizophrenia. The research itself may lead to a better understanding of the pathophysiology of positive symptoms and cognitive impairments, which could contribute to improved treatments in the future. AN  - NCT01433055 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Adjunctive Minocycline in Clozapine Treated Schizophrenia Patients TI  - Adjunctive Minocycline in Clozapine Treated Schizophrenia Patients
MC-RWE : Real World Evidence in Patient-Reported Outcomes for Medical Cannabis: A Prospective Observational Study; This prospective observational study aims to describe the effectiveness of MC on pain, epilepsy, sleep and /or anxiety/depression in a cohorts of patients authorized to use MC, using pre-defined, validated self assessment scales. AN  - NCT04526093 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Real-World Evidence in Patient-Reported Outcomes for Medical Cannabis (MC-RWE) (MC-RWE) TI  - MC-RWE : Real World Evidence in Patient-Reported Outcomes for Medical Cannabis: A Prospective Observational Study
The Effects of Mixhers HERTIME Supplements on Menstrual Symptoms; The purpose of this study is to assess Mixhers HERTIME supplements efficacy in alleviating menstrual cycle symptoms. AN  - NCT06136104 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Effects of Mixhers HERTIME Supplements on Menstrual Symptoms TI  - The Effects of Mixhers HERTIME Supplements on Menstrual Symptoms
A Randomized, Double Blind, Placebo Controlled, Parallel Group Study to Assess the Effect of Multi-herb Formulae VL-G-A57 and an Ashwagandha Root Formula (VL-G-E12) on the Modulation of the Hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal Axis (HPA Axis) and Related Symptoms; Two unique proprietary formulations of adaptogens VL-G-E12 formulation and an herbal blend containing VL-G-A57 is one of the most well-known adaptogens that has been used for years to enhance positive mood states, deepen sleep, and improve memory. The product has been proven to have a role in improving depression, enhancing work performance, eliminating fatigue and treating symptoms of asthenia subsequent to intense physical and psychological stress. The extract was tested on antidepressant, adaptogenic, anxiolytic, nociceptive and locomotor activities at doses of 10, 15 and 20 mg/kg, using predictive behavioral tests and animal models. The results show that this product extract significantly, but not dose-dependently, induced antidepressant-like, adaptogenic, anxiolytic-like and stimulating effects in mice. Studies reveal that this shrub has antimicrobial (including antibacterial, antiviral, antifungal, antiprotozoal, antimalarial, anthelmintic), anti-inflammatory, anti-diabetic, anti-hypercholesterolemia, anti-hypertensive, anti-carcinogenic, and immunomodulatory effect.The aim of the current study is to assess the adaptogenic effects of two potential investigational products VL-G-A57 and VL-G-E12 Their adaptogenic effect shall be investigated by assessing several clinical symptoms of HPA axis dysfunction such as stress, anxiety, sleep quality, fatigue, mood etc. AN  - NCT05602389 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study to Assess the Effect of Multi-herb Formulae and an Ashwagandha Root Formula on the Modulation of the Stress and Related Symptoms TI  - A Randomized, Double Blind, Placebo Controlled, Parallel Group Study to Assess the Effect of Multi-herb Formulae VL-G-A57 and an Ashwagandha Root Formula (VL-G-E12) on the Modulation of the Hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal Axis (HPA Axis) and Related Symptoms
Control Crohn Safe With Episodic Adalimumab Monotherapy as First Line Treatment Study.; The aim of this study is to compare the long-term efficacy and safety of periodic adalimumab as initial treatment in newly diagnosed CD patients compared to standard step-care with corticosteroid/budesonide as the initial treatment AN  - NCT03917303 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Control Crohn Safe Trial (CoCroS) TI  - Control Crohn Safe With Episodic Adalimumab Monotherapy as First Line Treatment Study.
Extinction of Fear Memories With Glucocorticoids in Veterans With PTSD; 5. As with the psychological measures, suppression of the physiological measures will demonstrate both persistence over time and accumulation with subsequent post-reactivation glucocorticoid administration. AN  - NCT01090180 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Extinction of Fear Memories With Glucocorticoids in Veterans With PTSD (VA CORT) TI  - Extinction of Fear Memories With Glucocorticoids in Veterans With PTSD
Improving Therapeutic Learning in Depression: Proof of Concept; Despite advances in both pharmacotherapy and psychotherapy for major depression, non-response and partial-response remain relatively common outcomes, motivating the search for new treatments. This study is concerned with the development of one such novel treatment, the augmentation of exposure-based cognitive-behavior therapy (CBT) with d-cycloserine (DCS). AN  - NCT02376257 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Improving Therapeutic Learning in Depression: Proof of Concept TI  - Improving Therapeutic Learning in Depression: Proof of Concept
Multi-factor Analysis of Psychological Disorders in Patients With Inflammatory Bowel Disease; Inflammatory bowel disease IBD, including Crohn's disease (CD) and ulcerative colitis (UC), is a chronic inflammatory disease of the intestinal tract with unknown etiology. The mechanism includes environment, genetics, intestinal microecology and immunity. In recent years, the incidence of IBD in Asian countries has continued to rise, and the incidence of CD and UC in Guangzhou has reached 1.09/10 million and 2.05/10 million respectively. The patient suffers from the disease for a long time, which greatly affects the mentality and the quality of life. However, the mentality and quality of life of IBD patients have not received the attention they deserve, and research in this area is relatively lacking. The study by Lewis et al. found that among IBD patients, up to 1/3 of depression patients and 2/3 of anxiety patients were not diagnosed in time. This study conducted an Internet questionnaire survey on IBD patients diagnosed in the Department of Gastroenterology, the Second Affiliated Hospital of Zhejiang University School of Medicine, to learn about the patients 'mental and psychological state, to screen the risk factors of patients'mental and psychological diseases, and to understand the impact of mental and psychological factors on the quality of life and quality of IBD patients. The impact of the disease provides a scientific basis for the optimal treatment of IBD. AN  - NCT04939948 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Multi-factor Analysis of Psychological Disorders in IBD Patients TI  - Multi-factor Analysis of Psychological Disorders in Patients With Inflammatory Bowel Disease
SyMptomAtic Stricturing Small Bowel CRohn's Disease - Medical Treatment Versus Surgery, a Prospective, Multi-centre, Randomized, Non-inferiority Trial; The objective of the SMART trial is to compare a combination therapy using azathioprine and subcutaneous infliximab versus ileocecal resection in patients with symptomatic small bowel Crohn's disease. AN  - NCT05584228 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Medical Treatment Versus Surgery in Stricturing Small Bowel Crohn's Disease (SMART) TI  - SyMptomAtic Stricturing Small Bowel CRohn's Disease - Medical Treatment Versus Surgery, a Prospective, Multi-centre, Randomized, Non-inferiority Trial
A Study to Evaluate Safety and Efficacy of Elagolix Alone or Elagolix With Hormonal Add-Back in Subjects With Endometriosis With Associated Moderate to Severe Pain; This is a Phase 3, dose-escalation study designed to evaluate the safety and efficacy of both elagolix alone and elagolix plus estradiol/norethindrone acetate (E2/NETA) over 24 months in the management of endometriosis with associated moderate to severe pain in premenopausal women. AN  - NCT03343067 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study to Evaluate Safety and Efficacy of Elagolix in Participants With Endometriosis With Associated Moderate to Severe Pain TI  - A Study to Evaluate Safety and Efficacy of Elagolix Alone or Elagolix With Hormonal Add-Back in Subjects With Endometriosis With Associated Moderate to Severe Pain
Reducing High Risk Polypharmacy Using Behavioral Economics Through Electronic Health Records; Aim 2: To qualitatively and quantitatively assess clinician experiences with the EHR-based nudges, including their acceptability and effects on workflow. At the conclusion of the intervention period, the investigators will perform semi-structured interviews and field a clinician survey. AN  - NCT05656560 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Reducing High-Risk Geriatric Polypharmacy Via EHR Nudges R01 Trial (HRPP) TI  - Reducing High Risk Polypharmacy Using Behavioral Economics Through Electronic Health Records
Randomized, Double-blind, Cross-over Study of the Efficacy of Mesalamine in Diarrhea-predominant Irritable Bowel Syndrome (dIBS); The purpose of this study is to find whether treating patients with diarrhea predominant Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS) with an anti-inflammatory drug called Mesalamine will help improve their symptoms of diarrhea, bloating and abdominal pain. AN  - NCT01327300 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Efficacy of Mesalamine in Diarrhea-predominant Irritable Bowel Syndrome (dIBS) (IBS) TI  - Randomized, Double-blind, Cross-over Study of the Efficacy of Mesalamine in Diarrhea-predominant Irritable Bowel Syndrome (dIBS)
Effect of Hyaluronic Acid Oral Supplementation on Sexual and Urinary Symptoms of Women With Recurrent Urinary Tract Infections; Statistics: The sample size consisted of 25 participants in each group, calculated by using the two-sample t-test analysis. Baseline clinical and psychometric scores will be compared between I and C groups. Second, potential differences in FSFI values at 3-6 months follow-up assessment will be evaluated between and within groups. Potential predictors of FSFI improvement will be evaluated. AN  - NCT06268483 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effect of Hyaluronic Acid Oral Supplementation on Sexual and Urinary Symptoms of Women With Recurrent Urinary Tract Infections (JalUrol) TI  - Effect of Hyaluronic Acid Oral Supplementation on Sexual and Urinary Symptoms of Women With Recurrent Urinary Tract Infections
A Study of Dose Optimization of Infliximab in the Treatment of Moderate to Severe Plaque Psoriasis; Participants from an ongoing observational study (P05319) who have a limited (adequate but less than optimal) response to infliximab will be randomized to either increase the frequency of infliximab infusions from every 8 weeks to every 6 weeks, or to add weekly methotrexate to their current treatment plan. While receiving infliximab study treatment(s), patients in this study will attend regularly scheduled office visits for various clinical tests for safety and effectiveness evaluations. AN  - NCT00833053 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Dose Optimization of Infliximab in Moderate to Severe Plaque Psoriasis (Study P05315) (DOSE) TI  - A Study of Dose Optimization of Infliximab in the Treatment of Moderate to Severe Plaque Psoriasis
A Comparison of Impacts of Different Exercise Programs on Individuals With Knee Pathology; Investigators hypothesize that both the 8-week exercise programs which aim to partially off-load the knee joint will be associated with a significant reduction in serum biological markers of joint disease (tissue turnover, cartilage degradation and inflammation) in response to the exercise. The serum biological markers will be directly correlated to participant reported knee pain. Both the LBPP-supported low-load and the aquatic exercise regimens will result in significant increases in thigh muscle strength about the degenerative knee which in-turn will result in diminished knee pain and enhanced joint function. Investigators aim to compare these two exercise programs to understand if benefits of one far exceeds the other as compared to standard of care treadmill or community walking. AN  - NCT05844124 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Impact of Different Exercise Programs on Knee OA TI  - A Comparison of Impacts of Different Exercise Programs on Individuals With Knee Pathology
Effect of Daily Vinegar Ingestion for Four Weeks on Mood State, Inflammatory State, and Risk for Metabolic Syndrome in Healthy Adults; The purpose of this study is to determine if vinegar ingestion promotes beneficial changes to metabolic health parameters in healthy, overweight adults. AN  - NCT05698381 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Daily Vinegar Ingestion and Metabolic Health TI  - Effect of Daily Vinegar Ingestion for Four Weeks on Mood State, Inflammatory State, and Risk for Metabolic Syndrome in Healthy Adults
Perioperative Antiplatelet Therapy in Patients With Drug-eluting Stent Undergoing Noncardiac Surgery; The purpose of this study is to evaluate the safety and effectiveness of perioperative antiplatelet therapy in patients with drug-eluting stent undergoing non-cardiac surgery. AN  - NCT02797548 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Perioperative Antiplatelet Therapy in Patients With Drug-eluting Stent Undergoing Noncardiac Surgery (ASSURE-DES) TI  - Perioperative Antiplatelet Therapy in Patients With Drug-eluting Stent Undergoing Noncardiac Surgery
A Pain Relief Trial Utilizing the Infiltration of a Multivesicular Liposome Formulation Of Bupivacaine, EXPAREL®: A Phase 4 Health Economic Trial in Adult Patients Undergoing Ileostomy Reversal; This study is designed to compare the standard of care against EXPAREL (bupivacaine liposome injectable suspension) to determine if total opioid consumption is reduced when using EXPAREL, therefore possibly reducing total hospitalization costs. AN  - NCT01509638 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Health Economic Trial in Adult Patients Undergoing Ileostomy Reversal MA402S23B501 (IMPROVE-IR) TI  - A Pain Relief Trial Utilizing the Infiltration of a Multivesicular Liposome Formulation Of Bupivacaine, EXPAREL®: A Phase 4 Health Economic Trial in Adult Patients Undergoing Ileostomy Reversal
Anti-platelet Therapy in the Primary Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease in Patients With Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease; In addition the investigators wish to study COPD patients who do not have a high risk of developing future heart problems using the QRISK score to study their well being over a 1 year period to see if they might also benefit from blood thinning medications. AN  - NCT03487406 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Anti-platelet Therapy in the Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease in Patients With COPD (APPLE-COPD: ICON 2) TI  - Anti-platelet Therapy in the Primary Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease in Patients With Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease
The Gut Brain Axis, Effect of Dietary Changes and Probiotics Supplement on Depression Symptoms; To investigate the effects of a high-fiber diet and probiotic supplementation on depression symptoms in adult individuals. AN  - NCT06639646 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Gut Brain Axis, Effect of Dietary Changes and Probiotics Supplement on Depression Symptoms . TI  - The Gut Brain Axis, Effect of Dietary Changes and Probiotics Supplement on Depression Symptoms
Does Concurrent Hydrocortisone With Venlafaxine XR Speed Antidepressant Response?; The primary purpose of this study is to examine whether IV hydrocortisone can speed up the time required for Venlafaxine XR to work. AN  - NCT00186264 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Does Concurrent Hydrocortisone With Venlafaxine XR Speed Antidepressant Response? TI  - Does Concurrent Hydrocortisone With Venlafaxine XR Speed Antidepressant Response?
Association of Multiple Medications With the Severity of Dyspepsia; Dyspepsia is a very common gastrointestinal disease. Some medications, were associated with higher frequent incidences of dyspepsia, including non-steroid anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), Bisphosphonates, Tetracyclines, et al. Multiple medications were suggested to be strongly relate to adverse drug events (ADEs), adverse drug reactions (ADRs), drug-drug interactions, and drug-disease interactions, which may cause gastrointestinal(GI) dysfunction or injury to the GI mucosa. However, it was unclear whether multiple medications was associated with more severe symptoms of dyspepsia and dyspepsia-based score systems. AN  - NCT05503940 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Association of Multiple Medications With the Severity of Dyspepsia TI  - Association of Multiple Medications With the Severity of Dyspepsia
An Open Label Multicenter Post Marketing Observational Study for the Evaluation of Quality of Life Outcomes and Tolerability of HUMIRA in Routine Clinical Use in Patients With RA PsA AS After Unsustainable Response to Disease Modifying Antirheumatic Drugs and or Biologicals; The aim of this post-marketing observational study is to obtain further data on the evaluation of quality of life outcomes of HUMIRA® in routine clinical use in patients with Rheumatoid Arthritis (RA), Psoriatic Arthritis (PsA) or Ankylosing Spondylitis (AS) after unsustainable clinical response to disease modifying antirheumatic drugs (DMARD) and or biological disease modifying antirheumatic drugs (BDMARD). Treatment strategies in moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis, psoriatic arthritis and in severe active ankylosing spondylitis commonly consist of introducing biologics after conventional disease modifying antirheumatic drugs or non steroidal antiinflammatory drugs fail. Although biologic disease modifying antirheumatic drugs are generally well-tolerated, intolerances may develop or efficacy may diminish, at which time another biologic disease modifying antirheumatic drug might be considered. This study shall evaluate the quality of life outcomes of HUMIRA®, given after conventional disease modifying antirheumatic drugs and or non antiinflammatory drug failures and or after biological disease modifying antirheumatic drug failures . Failure in this context means primary or secondary loss of efficacy or intolerance to the initial agent. AN  - NCT01083693 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Quality of Life Outcomes of HUMIRA in Rheumatoid Arthritis (RA), Psoriatic Arthritis (PsA), Ankylosing Spondylitis (AS) After Unsustainable Response to Biologicals and Disease Modifying Antirheumatic Drugs TI  - An Open Label Multicenter Post Marketing Observational Study for the Evaluation of Quality of Life Outcomes and Tolerability of HUMIRA in Routine Clinical Use in Patients With RA PsA AS After Unsustainable Response to Disease Modifying Antirheumatic Drugs and or Biologicals
A Pain Relief Trial Utilizing the Infiltration of a Multivesicular Liposome Formulation Of Bupivacaine, EXPAREL®: A Phase 4 Health Economic Trial in Adult Patients Undergoing Open Colectomy; This study is designed to compare the standard of care against EXPAREL (bupivacaine liposome extended-release injectable suspension) to determine if total opioid consumption is reduced when using EXPAREL, therefore possibly reducing total hospitalization costs. AN  - NCT01507233 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Health Economic Trial in Adult Patients Undergoing Open Colectomy MA402S23B302 (IMPROVE-Open) TI  - A Pain Relief Trial Utilizing the Infiltration of a Multivesicular Liposome Formulation Of Bupivacaine, EXPAREL®: A Phase 4 Health Economic Trial in Adult Patients Undergoing Open Colectomy
Diagnostic and Therapeutic Potential of Substance P/ NK1R Receptor in Primary Dysmenorrhea: A Randomized Controlled Trial; Dysmenorrhea is characterized as excruciating menstrual cramps of uterine origin and is one of the most prevalent gynecological illnesses. Substance P (SP) and NK1R mediate the symptoms of various pain disorders with chronic and/or neuropathic pain. Objective: To evaluate diagnostic and therapeutic potential of Substance P/ NK1R receptor in primary dysmenorrhea. Study Design: This was a randomized controlled trial which took place at Lahore Medical Research Center from April 2023 to August 2023. Non-probability convenient sampling techniques was used for sampling. A total of 40 female participants was included in the study who met specific criteria for inclusion. The study comprised of three phases, Phase 1 (Before medication), Phase 2 (NSAIDs) and Phase 3(Dexamethasone + Aprepitant). 10 females with no dysmenorrhea participated as controls. The study duration spanned three menstrual cycles. 20 dysmenhorric and 6 controls were analyzed for NK1R levels. Several assessment tools were also used in the study, AN  - NCT06317064 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Diagnostic and Therapeutic Potential of Substance P/ NK1R Receptor in Primary Dysmenorrhea TI  - Diagnostic and Therapeutic Potential of Substance P/ NK1R Receptor in Primary Dysmenorrhea: A Randomized Controlled Trial
Web-based Support to Manage Arthritis Pain; Development of an interactive, online pain self-management program for adults who suffer from pain associated with osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, Ankylosing spondylitis, and other arthritic conditions (e.g., psoriatic arthritis) using principles from Social Cognitive Theory (Bandura, 1977). This online health intervention, painACTION: Arthritis, will provide clinically reliable information about diagnosis, treatment, and management of arthritis, written for health consumers in a clear and engaging manner to help increase their skills and confidence to use self-management strategies. AN  - NCT01463189 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Web-based Support to Manage Arthritis Pain TI  - Web-based Support to Manage Arthritis Pain
Randomised-controlled Trial of Switching to Alternative Tumour-necrosis Factor (TNF)-Blocking Drugs or Abatacept or Rituximab in Patients With Rheumatoid Arthritis Who Have Failed an Initial TNF-blocking Drug; The principal aim of this study is to fill a clear knowledge gap and provide guidance for rheumatologists and reassurance to the patient group on a management challenge faced daily in rheumatology practice. Specifically, it aims to provide robust evidence on the optimal management of patients with established RA that have failed an anti-TNF therapy (the first of the biological therapies to be introduced); in particular, the investigators wish to address whether the currently licensed but non NICE-approved treatment options, TNF-blocking drug or abatacept, are equivalent to the NICE-approved treatment, rituximab. If so, the intention is to broaden treatment options and target these specific therapies to disease sub-groups. AN  - NCT01295151 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - SWITCH Clinical Trial for Patients With Rheumatoid Arthritis Who Have Failed an Initial TNF-blocking Drug. (SWITCH) TI  - Randomised-controlled Trial of Switching to Alternative Tumour-necrosis Factor (TNF)-Blocking Drugs or Abatacept or Rituximab in Patients With Rheumatoid Arthritis Who Have Failed an Initial TNF-blocking Drug
A Pain Relief Trial Utilizing the Infiltration of a Multivesicular Liposome Formulation of Bupivacaine, EXPAREL(R): A Phase 4 Health Economic Trial in Adult Patients Undergoing Laparoscopic Colectomy (IMPROVE-Lap Colectomy); This study is designed to compare the standard of care against EXPAREL (bupivacaine liposome injectable suspension) to determine if total opioid consumption is reduced when using EXPAREL, therefore possibly reducing total hospital costs. AN  - NCT02058290 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Health Economic Trial in Adult Patients Undergoing Laparoscopic Colectomy (IMPROVE-Lap) TI  - A Pain Relief Trial Utilizing the Infiltration of a Multivesicular Liposome Formulation of Bupivacaine, EXPAREL(R): A Phase 4 Health Economic Trial in Adult Patients Undergoing Laparoscopic Colectomy (IMPROVE-Lap Colectomy)
Mindfulness-Oriented Recovery Enhancement in the Management of Lumbosacral Radiculopathy Symptoms: A Randomized Controlled Trial; ANALYSIS PLAN: Changes in self-reported pain, physical function, QoL, depression symptoms, trait mindfulness, and reinterpretation of pain will be analyzed using descriptive statistics as well as ANCOVA. Regression will also be used to evaluate the dose-response relationship between all outcome measures and time spent in mindfulness practice for the intervention group. Finally, ANCOVA will be used to evaluate the relationship between pain and physical function and sEMG findings. AN  - NCT04818606 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - MORE in the Management of Lumbosacral Radiculopathy Symptoms: A Randomized Controlled Trial (MORE) TI  - Mindfulness-Oriented Recovery Enhancement in the Management of Lumbosacral Radiculopathy Symptoms: A Randomized Controlled Trial
Application of LiveSpo Navax in Treatment of Acute Respiratory Disease in Children Infected With Respiratory Syncytial Virus; Study Duration: 12 months AN  - NCT05164692 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effects of Nasal-spraying LiveSpo Navax in Treatment of Acute Respiratory Infections in Children TI  - Application of LiveSpo Navax in Treatment of Acute Respiratory Disease in Children Infected With Respiratory Syncytial Virus
A Pilot Study Investigating the Efficacy of Minocycline and N-Acetyl Cysteine for Bipolar Depression; The purpose of the Pilot Study Investigating the Efficacy of Minocycline and n-acetylcysteine for Bipolar Depression is to test the effectiveness of minocycline, n-acetylcysteine, and combined minocycline and n-acetylcysteine pharmacotherapy in order to fill the gap in treatments for bipolar depression. The treatment of bipolar depression remains the greatest unmet need in the management of this lifelong and chronic psychiatric disorder. AN  - NCT02719392 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Pilot Study Investigating the Efficacy of Minocycline and N-Acetyl Cysteine for Bipolar Depression TI  - A Pilot Study Investigating the Efficacy of Minocycline and N-Acetyl Cysteine for Bipolar Depression
Safety of Ibuprofen After Major Orthopaedic Surgeries. The PERISAFE Randomized Clinical Multicentre Trial; Safety of an eight-day treatment with ibuprofen after primary hip and knee arthroplasties. AN  - NCT05575700 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Safety of Ibuprofen After Major Orthopaedic Surgeries (PERISAFE) TI  - Safety of Ibuprofen After Major Orthopaedic Surgeries. The PERISAFE Randomized Clinical Multicentre Trial
A Phase II, Open Label Study of Bermekimab in Patients With Moderate to Severe Hidradenitis Suppurativa; Phase 2 study of bermekimab in patients with moderate to severe Hidradenitis Suppurativa. AN  - NCT03512275 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study of Bermekimab in Patients With Hidradenitis Suppurativa TI  - A Phase II, Open Label Study of Bermekimab in Patients With Moderate to Severe Hidradenitis Suppurativa
Minocycline in the Treatment of HIV-Associated Cognitive Impairment in Uganda; - To examine whether minocycline treatment for 24 weeks improves functional impairment AN  - NCT00855062 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Minocycline for HIV+ Cognitive Impairment in Uganda TI  - Minocycline in the Treatment of HIV-Associated Cognitive Impairment in Uganda
A Pain Relief Trial Utilizing the Infiltration of a Multivesicular Liposome Formulation Of BupiVacaine, EXPAREL®: A Phase 4 Health Economic Trial in Adult Patients Undergoing Ileostomy Reversal; This study is designed to compare the standard of care against EXPAREL (bupivacaine liposome injectable suspension) to determine if total opioid consumption is reduced when using EXPAREL, therefore possibly reducing total hospitalization costs. AN  - NCT01509807 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Health Economic Trial in Adult Patients Undergoing Ileostomy Reversal MA402S23B504 (IMPROVE-IR) TI  - A Pain Relief Trial Utilizing the Infiltration of a Multivesicular Liposome Formulation Of BupiVacaine, EXPAREL®: A Phase 4 Health Economic Trial in Adult Patients Undergoing Ileostomy Reversal
Thumb Basal Joint (CMC I) Arthritis - Preoperative Anxiety/Depression, Outcome Instruments, Carpal Kinematics and Cost-utility; A project aiming to promote evidence based practice when treating thumb basal joint (CMC I) arthritis. We will aim to: 1) provide the minimal clinical difference of two general outcome instruments, 2) evaluate the association between pre-operative anxiety and/or depression and outcomes following trapeziectomy, 3) evaluate the effect of trapziectomy on carpal cinematics, 4) determine the cost-utility-ratio of trapeziectomy AN  - NCT04826380 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Thumb Basal Joint (CMC I) Arthritis - Preoperative Anxiety/Depression, Outcome Instruments, Carpal Cinematics and Cost-utility TI  - Thumb Basal Joint (CMC I) Arthritis - Preoperative Anxiety/Depression, Outcome Instruments, Carpal Kinematics and Cost-utility
Supervised Treadmill Intervention to Reduce Inflammation and Depression Through Exercise in HIV: The STRIDE Pilot Study; Treatments for HIV-associated depression would likely be more effective if they were anti- inflammatory in nature. One possible treatment is exercise. Exercise is acutely pro-inflammatory due to catabolism but in the long term is anti-inflammatory. However, few studies have investigated exercise as a treatment for HIV-associated depression. The study objective is to perform a feasibility study to evaluate a larger trial evaluating the efficacy of exercise as an intervention for depression in people with HIV. AN  - NCT06149624 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Supervised Treadmill Intervention to Reduce Inflammation and Depression Through Exercise in HIV: The STRIDE Pilot Study TI  - Supervised Treadmill Intervention to Reduce Inflammation and Depression Through Exercise in HIV: The STRIDE Pilot Study
Open Label Study of Curcumin C-3 Complex, the Prototypal Epigenetic Modulator, as an Augmentation Strategy to Antipsychotic Therapy,for Improving Negative Symptoms and Cognition in Schizophrenia; Current evidence suggests that schizophrenia as a serious and complex psychiatric disorder, continues to challenge mental health professionals in their search for better treatment options in the community. In the present study, the investigators hypothesized that in patients diagnosed as schizophrenia, adjunct treatment with Curry extract from the plant labeled by botanists as Curcuma Longata, formulated as Super-Curcumin@ , would bring about :1)positive behavioral changes in areas of socialization, emotional well-being, verbal communication and motivation; 2)improvement in measures of memory. Throughout the study, the proprietary product, Super-Curcumin@ consisting of Curcumin C-3 complex combined with the black pepper extract Bioperine to boost the effects of Curcumin. The study was developed to examine whether Curcumin's interaction with the two major signal pathways in the brain regulating brain-behavior: the epigenetic signal (histone modification) and the anti-inflammatory signal (inducible nitric oxide synthetase)in preclinical models is translated to beneficial effects in the treatment of schizophrenia. AN  - NCT01875822 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Open-label Study of Curcumin C-3 Complex in Schizophrenia TI  - Open Label Study of Curcumin C-3 Complex, the Prototypal Epigenetic Modulator, as an Augmentation Strategy to Antipsychotic Therapy,for Improving Negative Symptoms and Cognition in Schizophrenia
Effects of Acute Exercise and Ibuprofen on Symptoms, Immunity, and Neural Circuits in Bipolar Depression; This is a 2x2, within-subjects, cross-over trial to test the anti-depressant effects of acute exercise in 20 participants with bipolar depression. Participants will complete four experimental sessions, two with an exercise challenge and two with a resting control condition in a counterbalanced order. Participants will receive either 800mg of ibuprofen or placebo before exercise or rest in order to test whether blocking the inflammatory response to exercise interferes with the neural and psychological effects of exercise. AN  - NCT06088732 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effects of Acute Exercise and Ibuprofen on Symptoms, Immunity, and Neural Circuits in Bipolar Depression TI  - Effects of Acute Exercise and Ibuprofen on Symptoms, Immunity, and Neural Circuits in Bipolar Depression
Efficacy of Hypno-ear-acupuncture on Insomnia in Advanced Cancer Patients: a Randomized Clinical Trial; The intervention will be compared to a sham medical hypnosis and ear acupuncture to see if the effect of the true intervention has a unique effect. AN  - NCT06532188 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Efficacy of Hypno-ear-acupuncture on Insomnia in Advanced Cancer Patients TI  - Efficacy of Hypno-ear-acupuncture on Insomnia in Advanced Cancer Patients: a Randomized Clinical Trial
A Prospective Non-interventional Study (Nis) Of The Routine Use Of Etanercept In The Long-term Treatment Of Patients With Plaque-type Psoriasis In Everyday Practice: An Efficacy, Safety, And Health Economic Evaluation; This prospective observational cohort study will assess the average duration of the drug free interval between etanercept treatment cycles in usual care settings in Germany. AN  - NCT00708708 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Observational Study Evaluating Etanercept (Enbrel®) In Subjects With Plaque-Type Psoriasis In Usual Care Settings TI  - A Prospective Non-interventional Study (Nis) Of The Routine Use Of Etanercept In The Long-term Treatment Of Patients With Plaque-type Psoriasis In Everyday Practice: An Efficacy, Safety, And Health Economic Evaluation
A Randomized, Double-Blind Trial Assessing the Efficacy and Safety of Etanercept 50 mg Twice Weekly and Etanercept 50 mg Once Weekly for the Treatment of Moderate to Severe Psoriasis; The purpose of this study is to compare the safety and efficacy of different doses of etanercept for the treatment of moderate to severe psoriasis. AN  - NCT00663052 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study Evaluating Etanercept for the Treatment of Moderate to Severe Psoriasis (PRISTINE) TI  - A Randomized, Double-Blind Trial Assessing the Efficacy and Safety of Etanercept 50 mg Twice Weekly and Etanercept 50 mg Once Weekly for the Treatment of Moderate to Severe Psoriasis
A Phase 3, Multicenter Study to Evaluate the Long-Term Safety and Efficacy of Baricitinib in Patients With Rheumatoid Arthritis; The study provides 7 years of additional treatment with baricitinib. AN  - NCT01885078 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - An Extension Study in Participants With Moderate to Severe Rheumatoid Arthritis (RA-BEYOND) TI  - A Phase 3, Multicenter Study to Evaluate the Long-Term Safety and Efficacy of Baricitinib in Patients With Rheumatoid Arthritis
A Randomized Sham and Placebo-controlled Trial of Adjunctive D-cycloserine in Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for Obsessive Compulsive Disorder; Research Question and Objectives: To conduct a randomized sham- and placebo-controlled trial of DCS in adjunct with rTMS in OCD. Participants will be randomized to receive 100mg of DCS or placebo together with TMS. AN  - NCT05177601 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - iTBS-DCS in Obsessive Compulsive Disorder TI  - A Randomized Sham and Placebo-controlled Trial of Adjunctive D-cycloserine in Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for Obsessive Compulsive Disorder
Feasibility and Acceptability of Adjunctive Time Restricted Eating in Bipolar Disorder: A Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial.; Bipolar disorders (BD) are a group of complex disorders that impact mood, behaviour and cognition and are known to cause significant suffering and impairment. Circadian rhythm (your internal day/night "clock") disruption, which can involve changes in sleep-wake cycles, frequently occurs in BD. Both depression and mania are accompanied by circadian disruption. These disruptions are hypothesized to lead to mood worsening, metabolic dysfunction and inflammation. If circadian dysfunction plays a significant role in the symptoms and trajectory of BD, then treatment approaches that target these functions may lead to better outcomes. One such approach is dietary interventions. Time restricted eating (TRE) is a dietary tool that restricts the eating to an 8-12 hour window, without changing diet quality or caloric intake. Studies involving time restricted eating have been done in other conditions with promising results. There have been no studies done for mood disorders in general or bipolar disorder specifically. In this proposal, the investigators will assess two dietary interventions (TRE and nutritional counselling) to examine how TRE may represent a safe and viable adjunct to traditional treatments. The investigators aim to compare TRE with nutritional counselling, while all participants continue to receive usual care. Participants will receive support from a registered dietician and will be instructed on dietary habits. Half of participants will receive nutritional counselling and half will be asked to do TRE. Those in the TRE group will be asked to select a 10-hour window to consume all food and non-water beverages for the 8-week period. Participants will be asked to complete a screening visit to determine eligibility, and then will complete questionnaires at baseline, week 4 and week 8 examining symptoms of their illness and cognition. Participants will also provide a blood sample at baseline and week 8 for standard biochemistry tests, pregnancy testing (if applicable), and to examine inflammatory markers. Participants will also wear an actigraphy watch which provides wireless continuous monitoring of movements and ambient light. The primary outcome is feasibility and acceptability (do people agree to participate, complete the study, and follow the intervention; what do they think of the intervention). Secondary outcomes include changes in depression, anxiety, sleep, and cognition. Exploratory outcomes include inflammatory markers and circadian disruption. AN  - NCT06560957 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - SYNCED - SYNChronized Eating in Bipolar Depression Study TI  - Feasibility and Acceptability of Adjunctive Time Restricted Eating in Bipolar Disorder: A Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial.
mTOR Kinase as a Therapeutic Target in Reconsolidation of Posttraumatic Stress Disorder-related Traumatic Memory; 2. Pairing administration of Rapamycin with traumatic memory reactivation will decrease symptoms of Posttraumatic Stress Disorder one month and three months later, relative to patients receiving placebo. AN  - NCT01449955 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Rapamycin as a Means of Interference With Reconsolidation of Posttraumatic Stress Disorder-related Traumatic Memory TI  - mTOR Kinase as a Therapeutic Target in Reconsolidation of Posttraumatic Stress Disorder-related Traumatic Memory
"NSAIDs vs. Opiates: Which is More Effective in Managing Pain in Mild to Moderate Acute Pancreatitis? A Randomized Controlled Trial"; This study has the potential to provide important insights into the optimal management of pain in mild to moderate acute pancreatitis, which can ultimately improve patient outcomes and reduce the burden of this condition on the healthcare system. AN  - NCT05756504 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - "NSAIDs vs. Opiates: Which is More Effective in Managing Pain in Mild to Moderate Acute Pancreatitis? TI  - "NSAIDs vs. Opiates: Which is More Effective in Managing Pain in Mild to Moderate Acute Pancreatitis? A Randomized Controlled Trial"
The Effect of Plaquenil on Serum Inflammatory Markers and Goiter in Euthyroid Young Women With Hashimoto's Thyroiditis; This study focuses on the effect of Plaquenil on thyroid auto-antibodies, inflammatory markers, cytokines, and goiter size in euthyroid women with HT. AN  - NCT02126683 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Effect of Plaquenil on Serum Inflammatory Markers and Goiter in Euthyroid Young Women With Hashimoto's Thyroiditis TI  - The Effect of Plaquenil on Serum Inflammatory Markers and Goiter in Euthyroid Young Women With Hashimoto's Thyroiditis
Sensitivity of Short and Long Allele Carriers of the 5-HTTLPR to Environmental Threat Post Hydrocortisone Administration; The current study will test the causal relationship between elevated levels of cortisol and the serotonin transporter gene (5-HTTLPR) as these factors influence sensitivity to environmental threat. The investigators predict that carriers of the short allele of the serotonin transporter gene who have elevated cortisol levels will be most sensitive to threatening environments, whereas carriers of the long allele who do not have elevated cortisol (placebo subjects) will be least sensitive. AN  - NCT01710202 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Sensitivity of Short and Long Allele Carriers of the 5-HTTLPR to Environmental Threat Post Hydrocortisone Administration (5-HTTLPR) TI  - Sensitivity of Short and Long Allele Carriers of the 5-HTTLPR to Environmental Threat Post Hydrocortisone Administration
An Open Label, Multi-Center, Phase 3 Efficacy Study of Sub-Q Abatacept in Preventing Extension of Oligoarticular Juvenile Idiopathic Arthritis JIA (Limit-JIA); This is a research study to test whether a once-weekly injection of abatacept will prevent the progression of Juvenile Idiopathic Arthritis (JIA) to a more severe form. To evaluate the effectiveness of a 24-week course of treatment with abatacept plus usual care versus usual care to prevent polyarthritis (≥5 joints), uveitis, or treatment with other systemic medication within 18 months of randomization in children with recent-onset limited JIA. AN  - NCT03841357 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Preventing Extension of Oligoarticular Juvenile Idiopathic Arthritis JIA (Limit-JIA) (Limit-JIA) TI  - An Open Label, Multi-Center, Phase 3 Efficacy Study of Sub-Q Abatacept in Preventing Extension of Oligoarticular Juvenile Idiopathic Arthritis JIA (Limit-JIA)
Sequential Therapy (NRX-100 Followed by NRX-101) for the Treatment of Acute Suicidal Ideation and Behavior in Bipolar Depression: the STABIL-B Study; NeuroRx is developing NRX-101, a fixed-dose combination oral capsule composed of d-cycloserine (DCS) and lurasidone for the maintenance of remission from Severe Bipolar Depression with Acute Suicidal Ideation (C-SSRS level 4 or 5) or Behavior (ASIB) in following initial stabilization. Patients with Severe Bipolar Depression and ASIB will be recruited in both inpatient and outpatient settings and, following informed consent, will be given an intravenous infusion of ketamine 0.5mg/kg over 40 minutes. Those who exhibit a satisfactory clinical response to ketamine will be randomly allocated to NRX-101 or to lurasidone alone (the comparator group). This study is conducted as a feasibility study for a pivotal phase 2b/3 clinical trial and the primary outcomes for this phase 2 study were blood levels of NRX-101, in order to confirm pharmaco-kinetics with remission from depression, as measured by BISS-derived MADRS and relapse as secondary outcomes. AN  - NCT02974010 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Sequential Therapy for the Treatment of Severe Bipolar Depression. (STABIL-B) TI  - Sequential Therapy (NRX-100 Followed by NRX-101) for the Treatment of Acute Suicidal Ideation and Behavior in Bipolar Depression: the STABIL-B Study
Evaluation of the Effect of Neuropathic Pain on Quality of Life in Rheumatoid Arthritis Patients; The diagnosis and treatment of neuropathic pain in rheumatoid arthritis patients is important because neuropathic pain does not decrease with traditional disease-modifying anti-inflammatory drugs used in rheumatoid arthritis and causes a decrease in quality of life. AN  - NCT04820426 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Evaluation of the Effect of Neuropathic Pain on Quality of Life in Rheumatoid Arthritis Patients TI  - Evaluation of the Effect of Neuropathic Pain on Quality of Life in Rheumatoid Arthritis Patients
Sustained Acoustic Medicine for Symptomatic Treatment of Knee Pain Related to Osteoarthritis; Secondary objectives are to assess the ability of LITUS to improve joint function. AN  - NCT06257537 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Sustained Acoustic Medicine for Symptomatic Treatment of Knee Pain Related to Osteoarthritis TI  - Sustained Acoustic Medicine for Symptomatic Treatment of Knee Pain Related to Osteoarthritis
A Pain Relief Trial Utilizing the Infiltration of a Multivesicular Liposome Formulation Of Bupivacaine, EXPAREL®: A Phase 4 Health Economic Trial in Adult Patients Undergoing Open Colectomy; This study is designed to compare the standard of care against EXPAREL (bupivacaine liposome extended-release injectable suspension) to determine if total opioid consumption is reduced when using EXPAREL therefore possibly reducing total hospitalization costs. AN  - NCT01507220 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Health Economic Trial in Adult Patients Undergoing Open Colectomy MA402S23B301 (IMPROVE-Open) TI  - A Pain Relief Trial Utilizing the Infiltration of a Multivesicular Liposome Formulation Of Bupivacaine, EXPAREL®: A Phase 4 Health Economic Trial in Adult Patients Undergoing Open Colectomy
An Investigation of the Effect of MMP-9 Inhibition With Minocycline on the Reconsolidation of Intrusive Trauma- or Cocaine-related Memories; An investigation of the effect of matrix-metalloproteinase-(MMP)-9 inhibition with minocycline on the reconsolidation of trauma- or cocaine-related memories AN  - NCT05902819 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Reconsolidation Blockade of Intrusive Trauma- and Cocaine-related Memories (Memocycline) TI  - An Investigation of the Effect of MMP-9 Inhibition With Minocycline on the Reconsolidation of Intrusive Trauma- or Cocaine-related Memories
The Effect of Pelvic Proprioceptive Neuromuscular Facilitation Techniques in Patients With Sacroiliac Joint Dysfunction; The sacroiliac joint dysfunction (SIJD) which has a widely heterogeneous etiology, may cause impairment of stability, mobility, posture and flexibility as well as pain due to adaptive or pathological biomechanical changes. In 2020, the number of patients with low back pain (LBP) worldwide was more than half a billion and is expected to exceed 800 million by 2050. Although SIJD has been shown to be related with LBP in more than 30% of patients with LBP, SIJD is still often overlooked as a cause of LBP. Once the diagnosis of SIJD is confirmed by physical examination, the first treatment option consists of the use of a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug or physiotherapy approaches. The proprioceptive neuromuscular facilitation (PNF) is a neurophysiological model-based multifaceted exercise method which is widely used in rehabilitation practice. However, despite the major role of SIJD among the causes of LBP, there are limited studies investigating the efficacy of PNF in SIJD and its effectiveness remains unclear. Thus, the aim of this study was to investigate the effect of pelvic PNF techniques on pain, mobility, flexibility, lumbar range of motion, posture, and trunk muscle endurance in patients with SIJD. AN  - NCT06366971 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Effect of Pelvic Proprioceptive Neuromuscular Facilitation Techniques in Patients With Sacroiliac Joint Dysfunction TI  - The Effect of Pelvic Proprioceptive Neuromuscular Facilitation Techniques in Patients With Sacroiliac Joint Dysfunction
Biological Diagnostic Techniques for the Diagnosis of Depressive Disorders Malinger Based on the Niacin Skin Response Test (NSRT); This study will explore the specific response characteristics of the niacin skin response test in the population with depressive disorder malinger. The investigators expect that depressive disorder malinger can be discriminated by the niacin skin reaction test. AN  - NCT06382532 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Diagnosis of Depressive Disorder Malinger Using the Niacin Skin Response Test (NSRT) TI  - Biological Diagnostic Techniques for the Diagnosis of Depressive Disorders Malinger Based on the Niacin Skin Response Test (NSRT)
Comparison Between Multimodal and Unimodal Analgesia in Cholecystectomy; Many surgical procedures are accompanied by postoperative pain with severity moderate, severe or extreme and insufficient postoperative pain control may cause risk of post-surgical complications and risk of chronic post-surgical pain The targets of preoperative pain management are to relieve patient suffering, reduce length of hospital stay and achieve early mobilization after surgery, decreasing opioid consumption and its side effects that are constipation, nausea, vomiting, dizziness, respiratory depression which is the most feared complication being life-threatening and some less common side effects as sedation AN  - NCT05547659 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Multimodal and Unimodal Analgesia in Cholecystectomy TI  - Comparison Between Multimodal and Unimodal Analgesia in Cholecystectomy
A Randomized Double Blind Placebo Controlled Parallel Group Study Of The Efficacy And Safety Of Concomitant Administration Of Celecoxib And Pregabalin Compared With Celecoxib Monotherapy, In Patients With Chronic Low Back Pain Having A Neuropathic Component; The purpose of this study is to determine if treatment with celecoxib and pregabalin together would prove to be more effective in relief of pain than treatment with celecoxib alone in people who have chronic low back pain with a probable neuropathic component. AN  - NCT01838044 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Efficacy and Safety Study of Celecoxib and Pregabalin Compared With Celecoxib Monotherapy, in Patients With Chronic Low Back Pain Having a Neuropathic Component TI  - A Randomized Double Blind Placebo Controlled Parallel Group Study Of The Efficacy And Safety Of Concomitant Administration Of Celecoxib And Pregabalin Compared With Celecoxib Monotherapy, In Patients With Chronic Low Back Pain Having A Neuropathic Component
Effect of Azithromycin With ICS/LABA in Non-eosinophilic Chest Tightness Variant Asthma: a Multicentre Randomized Trial; Bronchial asthma (abbr. asthma) is one of common airway chronic inflammatory disease which usually threatens human health. Typical symptoms of asthma are recurrent wheezing, shortness of breath, chest tightness and cough, usually happened at night or in early morning. However, there are still some patients who persist only clinical manifestations of chest tightness, namely, chest tightness variant asthma (CTVA). This subgroup of asthma usually lacks asthma-specific clinical features, therefore, often misdiagnosed and lack of effective treatment for a long time. The investigators' previous studies have found that CTVA has eosinophilic and non-eosinophilic subtypes. These patients with non-eosinophilic CTVA (NE-CTVA) are not sensitive to ICS/LABA, which guidelines recommend. At present, the specific treatment plan for NE-CTVA is urgently needed to elucidate. Azithromycin has immunomodulatory and anti-inflammatory effects in addition to their antibacterial effects. Maintenance treatment with azithromycin has been proved to be effective in chronic neutrophilic airway diseases and severe asthma. However, there are no clinical studies to confirm the effectiveness of azithromycin in non-eosinophilic asthma, especially atypical asthma such as NE-CTVA. Now the investigators performed a national multi-center study to explore whether azithromycin improves asthma symptom control and improves quality of life in people with NE-CTVA. Finally, to find an optimal treatment for NE-CTVA. AN  - NCT05596721 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Azithromycin Treatment for Non-eosinophilic Chest Tightness Variant Asthma TI  - Effect of Azithromycin With ICS/LABA in Non-eosinophilic Chest Tightness Variant Asthma: a Multicentre Randomized Trial
Arthritis Pain Reduction in Older Adults; 4. complete a survey and interview after 8 weeks of phone app use to describe the experience of its use. AN  - NCT05721352 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Arthritis Ease Study TI  - Arthritis Pain Reduction in Older Adults
A Multicenter, Randomized, Open Pilot Trial Assessing the Efficacy and Safety of Etanercept 50 mg Twice Weekly Followed Etanercept 25mg Twice Weekly, the Combination of Etanercept 25 mg Twice Weekly and Acitretin and Acitretin Alone in Patients With Moderate to Severe Psoriasis; To compare the efficacy of ETN 50mg twice weekly for 12 weeks followed by reduction to a maintenance dose of 25mg twice weekly at week 24 with that of combination of ETN 25 mg Twice Weekly plus Acitretin 10mg BID at week 24 in subjects with moderate to severe psoriasis. AN  - NCT00936065 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study Evaluating the Efficacy and Safety of Etanercept and Acitretin in Korean Patient With Moderate to Severe Psoriasis TI  - A Multicenter, Randomized, Open Pilot Trial Assessing the Efficacy and Safety of Etanercept 50 mg Twice Weekly Followed Etanercept 25mg Twice Weekly, the Combination of Etanercept 25 mg Twice Weekly and Acitretin and Acitretin Alone in Patients With Moderate to Severe Psoriasis
Role of Exercise in Depression Among Middle Aged and Older Adults; This pilot is a three-arm design of low dose exercise versus public health dose exercise intended to: 1) establish the feasibility, acceptance, and safety of Internet-based supervised exercise training and 2) obtain retention and attendance estimates needed to determine sample sizes for the follow-up trial. AN  - NCT01573728 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Role of Exercise in Depression in Middle Aged and Older Adults (RED) TI  - Role of Exercise in Depression Among Middle Aged and Older Adults
Efficacy and Safety Study of Celecoxib / Pregabalin / Vitamin B Fixed Dose Combination Versus Celecoxib + Vitamin B Versus Pregabalin + Vitamin B in the Management of Chronic Low Back Pain Mixed Component; Phase III longitudinal, multicenter, randomized, double-blind clinical trial. The aim of this study is to evaluate the efficacy and security of the drug combination of Celecoxib / Pregabalin / Vitamin B versus Celecoxib + Vitamin B, versus Pregabalin + Vitamin B in the treatment of chronic low back pain. AN  - NCT06516094 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Efficacy and Safety in the Combination of Celecoxib / Pregabalin / Vitamin B for Low Back Chronic Pain TI  - Efficacy and Safety Study of Celecoxib / Pregabalin / Vitamin B Fixed Dose Combination Versus Celecoxib + Vitamin B Versus Pregabalin + Vitamin B in the Management of Chronic Low Back Pain Mixed Component
EXercise As an Anti-inflammatory Treatment in Axial Spondyloarthritis (axSpA) for Patients Taking Biologic Therapy: a Proof of Concept Study (ExTASI-B).; The study will compare the data of a healthy group with that of people living with axial spondyloarthritis. Within the patient population, 20 of the individuals will be allocated to the exercise group (randomly), and 20 will be allocated to the usual care group. In the exercise group, participants will be asked to do 30 minutes of brisk walking five days a week for 12 weeks, and they will be visiting Loughborough University every four weeks to provide blood samples and fill out questionnaires. Participants in the usual care group will continue with their current care routine and will visit the study site to provide blood samples and questionnaire data every 4 weeks. The data from all axSpA patients will be compared to healthy controls, and subgroup analysis will be conducted to investigate the difference between the exercise group and the usual care group. AN  - NCT06669702 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - EXercise Therapy in Axial SpA, Inflammation and Biologic Therapy (ExTASI-B) (ExTASI-B) TI  - EXercise As an Anti-inflammatory Treatment in Axial Spondyloarthritis (axSpA) for Patients Taking Biologic Therapy: a Proof of Concept Study (ExTASI-B).
Efficacy of Parenteral Injection of an Extended Release Kappa-receptor Opioid Sebacoyl Dinalbuphine Ester for Pain Management After Cesarean Section: a Randomized, Open-label, Non-inferiority Trial; Inadequate postoperative pain management can lead to physical and psychological distress in patients as well as impact surgical wound healing and increase the risk of developing postoperative delirium and cardiopulmonary and thromboembolic events. Severe postoperative pain may also result in the development of chronic post-surgical pain (CPSP), which in turn can lead to prolonged use of opioids and increased health-care costs. A descriptive survey study in 60 postpartum women who received cesarean section suggested that the presence of postoperative pain significantly reduced the willingness of breastfeeding and infant care. The incidence of CPSP after cesarean delivery has been reported to vary from 1% to 18% up to 1 year after operation. Intrathecal morphine (ITM) injection is considered as the standard pain management strategy for post-cesarean pain. However, the overall analgesic effect of ITM is about 8-12h and it is associated with pruritus, nausea/vomiting, urinary retention, constipation, mental status change, and respiratory depression. Therefore, the development of a safe, conveniently operated, and long-lasting analgesic strategy, which serves as background pain control modality up to several days after cesarean section should provide clinically beneficial advantages in the management of acute postoperative pain and prevention of CPSP in postpartum women. Naldebain® is prodrug of nalbuphine, which was approved by the Taiwan FDA in 2017. Naldebain® is rapidly hydrolyzed by tissue of plasma esterase to release nalbuphine. The bioavailability of nalbuphine following intramuscular injection Naldebain® was 85.4%, and it took approximately 6 days for the complete release of Naldebain® into the blood circulation. Therefore, a single parenteral injection of Naldebain® could provide long lasting analgesic effect in several phase II trials. However, Naldebain® has not been tested in the pain control after cesarean section. Therefore, this PI-initiated prospective, randomized, open-label, non-inferiority trial aims to investigate the clinical efficacy of Naldebain® in management of acute postoperative pain in term parturient who receive elective cesarean section to provide analgesic effect that is not inferior to the standard ITM and prevent the development of CPSP. AN  - NCT06344169 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Dinalbuphine Ester (Naldebain) for Pain Management After Cesarean Section TI  - Efficacy of Parenteral Injection of an Extended Release Kappa-receptor Opioid Sebacoyl Dinalbuphine Ester for Pain Management After Cesarean Section: a Randomized, Open-label, Non-inferiority Trial
Effect of Clarithromycin on the Pharmacokinetics of LY2216684 in Healthy Subjects; The study will evaluate the effect of Clarithromycin on the pharmacokinetics (PK) of LY2216684 in healthy participants. Side effects will be documented. There will be 2 study periods (5 and 9 days) and follow up will occur at least 7 days after the last dose. Screening is required within 45 days prior to the start of the study. AN  - NCT01460407 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study to Evaluate the Effect of Clarithromycin on LY2216684 TI  - Effect of Clarithromycin on the Pharmacokinetics of LY2216684 in Healthy Subjects
Exploring the Effects of Corticosteroids on the Human Hippocampus Using Neurocognitive Testing and High Resolution Neuroimaging; this study will examine changes in declarative memory, as well as use state-of-the-art high-resolution multimodal neuroimaging, including structural and functional (i.e., task-based and resting state) MRI, in both men and women healthy controls, and, as an exploratory aim, a depressed group, given 3-day exposures to hydrocortisone (160 mg/day) or placebo. The study will translate preclinical findings to humans, provide valuable data on possible sex differences in the response to cortisol and, for the first time, identify specific hippocampal subfields (e.g., CA3/DG) in humans that are most sensitive to acute CS effects. Using resting state fMRI data and whole brain connectomics using graph theoretical approaches, we will determine the effects of cortisol exposure on functional brain networks. Furthermore, this will be the first study to use neuroimaging to compare the brain's response to CSs in people with depression vs. controls, and determine whether depressed people demonstrate glucocorticoid resistance within the hippocampus. We hypothesize that hippocampal response to acute CSs will be greatest in the CA3/DG subfield, greater in women than in men, and that depressed people will show a blunted hippocampal response to CSs compared to controls. A multidisciplinary research team with extensive experience in CS effects on the brain and hippocampal subfield neuroimaging, and a prior history of research collaboration, will conduct the project. AN  - NCT03896659 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Exploring the Effects of Corticosteroids on the Human Hippocampus TI  - Exploring the Effects of Corticosteroids on the Human Hippocampus Using Neurocognitive Testing and High Resolution Neuroimaging
Colchicine Use for Primary Prevention in People at High Risk of Coronary Artery Disease; Colchicine has been widely used as an anti-gout medicine in the past decades. Some recent clinical trials have proved that low-dose colchicine can be used as a secondary prevention drug for coronary artery disease because of its anti-inflammatory mechanism. However, the effect on primary prevention has not been observed sufficiently. The objective of this study is to determine whether colchicine reduces the incidence of CAD in patients and its safety for long-term use. AN  - NCT05175274 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Colchicine Use for Primary Prevention of Coronary Artery Disease TI  - Colchicine Use for Primary Prevention in People at High Risk of Coronary Artery Disease
A 12-Week Multicenter, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Study Comparing the Efficacy and Safety of LY2439821 to Etanercept and Placebo in Patients With Moderate to Severe Plaque Psoriasis With a Long-Term Extension Period; This study will assess the safety and efficacy of ixekizumab (LY2439821), compared to etanercept and placebo in participants with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis. AN  - NCT01646177 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study in Participants With Moderate to Severe Psoriasis (UNCOVER-3) (UNCOVER-3) TI  - A 12-Week Multicenter, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Study Comparing the Efficacy and Safety of LY2439821 to Etanercept and Placebo in Patients With Moderate to Severe Plaque Psoriasis With a Long-Term Extension Period
The Mechanisms Underlying the Antidepressant Effects of Physical Activity; The key objective is to conduct a randomised controlled trial (RCT) in N=250 depressed participants comparing aerobic exercise to a stretching/relaxation control condition, examining a range of mechanistic factors. The proposed trial will examine the impact of physical activity at multiple, linked potential levels of explanation: (1) immune-metabolic markers; (2) dopamine synthesis capacity; (3) activation in the brain's reward and effort processing circuitry;(4) effort-based decision making incorporating computational analysis; and (5) symptom networks based on fine-grained, daily measurements. AN  - NCT06387732 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Mechanisms Underlying Antidepressant Effects of Physical Activity (LIFE) TI  - The Mechanisms Underlying the Antidepressant Effects of Physical Activity
Long Term Documentation of the Safety and Efficacy as Well as the Effects on Quality of Life and Work Productivity in Patients With Rheumatoid Arthritis Under HUMIRA® (Adalimumab) in Routine Clinical Practice (AGIL); The AGIL study was designed to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of adalimumab over 5 years in routine daily clinical practice in Germany, with a focus on the impact of therapy on employment-related outcomes. AN  - NCT01076205 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Safety and Effect on Quality of Life/Work Productivity of Humira in Patients With Rheumatoid Arthritis (AGIL) TI  - Long Term Documentation of the Safety and Efficacy as Well as the Effects on Quality of Life and Work Productivity in Patients With Rheumatoid Arthritis Under HUMIRA® (Adalimumab) in Routine Clinical Practice (AGIL)
Effect of LY2216684 on Oral Contraceptive Pharmacokinetics in Healthy Female Subjects; This study involves a single dose of 18 milligrams (mg) LY2216684 taken as 1 or 2 tablets by mouth. The study will evaluate effect of LY2216684 on the pharmacokinetics of an oral contraceptive Ortho Cyclen®. This study will run approximately 93 days. AN  - NCT01373931 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study of LY2216684 in Healthy Females TI  - Effect of LY2216684 on Oral Contraceptive Pharmacokinetics in Healthy Female Subjects
Ketamine's Efficiency in the Treatment of Chronic Pain With an Added Inflammatory Component Exploring the Kynurenin Pathway. A Randomized, Double Blind, Placebo-controlled Trial; 2. Explore the anti-inflammatory activity of ketamine through the Kynurenine pathway. AN  - NCT03513822 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Ketamine's Efficiency in the Treatment of Chronic Pain: Kynurenin Pathway (KEKU1) TI  - Ketamine's Efficiency in the Treatment of Chronic Pain With an Added Inflammatory Component Exploring the Kynurenin Pathway. A Randomized, Double Blind, Placebo-controlled Trial
Defining a Parkinson's Disease (PD) -Specific Breath Fingerprint of Underlying Inflammatory and Neurodegenerative Processes; The study will lay the foundation for future studies in which breath fingerprinting could be used as a screening technique. Investigators will also be looking at how the breath fingerprint correlates with inflammatory proteins in the blood. AN  - NCT02749214 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Defining a PD-specific Breath Fingerprint of Underlying Inflammatory and Neurodegenerative Processes TI  - Defining a Parkinson's Disease (PD) -Specific Breath Fingerprint of Underlying Inflammatory and Neurodegenerative Processes
A PROSPECTIVE, MULTICENTER NON-INTERVENTIONAL STUDY TO EVALUATE THE EFFICACY OF ENBREL (REGISTERED) (ETANERCEPT) OVER A PERIOD OF 12 MONTHS IN THE ROUTINE TREATMENT OF PATIENTS WITH RHEUMATOID ARTHRITIS, AXIAL SPONDYLOARTHRITIS, PSORIATIC ARTHRITIS, OR PLAQUE PSORIASIS WITH PARTICULAR FOCUS ON THE CLINICAL STATUS IMPROVEMENTS STILL OBSERVABLE AFTER 12 WEEKS OF TREATMENT; The purpose of this non-interventional study is to evaluate the efficacy of etanercept during routine clinical use over a maximum of 12 months in patients with rheumatoid arthritis (RA), psoriatic arthritis(PsA), axial spondyloarthritis(axSpA) or plaque psoriasis (PsO). In so doing, particular attention will be paid to the proportion of those patients who only attain the desired treatment goal after 12 weeks of treatment. The primary efficacy end point for the study is the proportion of patients who attain the desired treatment goal after 12 and 24 weeks, AN  - NCT02486302 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study To Evaluate The Efficacy Of Enbrel (REGISTERED) Etanercept Over A Period Of 12 Months In The Routine Treatment Of Patients With Rheumatoid Arthritis, Axial Spondyloarthritis, Psoriatic Arthritis, Or Plaque Psoriasis. (ADEQUATE) TI  - A PROSPECTIVE, MULTICENTER NON-INTERVENTIONAL STUDY TO EVALUATE THE EFFICACY OF ENBREL (REGISTERED) (ETANERCEPT) OVER A PERIOD OF 12 MONTHS IN THE ROUTINE TREATMENT OF PATIENTS WITH RHEUMATOID ARTHRITIS, AXIAL SPONDYLOARTHRITIS, PSORIATIC ARTHRITIS, OR PLAQUE PSORIASIS WITH PARTICULAR FOCUS ON THE CLINICAL STATUS IMPROVEMENTS STILL OBSERVABLE AFTER 12 WEEKS OF TREATMENT
Perioperative Analgesic Manipulations to Mitigate Pain After Elective Lumbar Spinal Surgeries: A Prospective Case-controlled Study; Non-opioid analgesics, such as nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), regional anesthesia techniques, and adjuvant medications, can be used to reduce opioid requirements and improve patient outcomes. By carefully selecting and combining these modalities, clinicians can optimize pain management strategies for individual patients, minimizing the need for opioids and their associated side effects. AN  - NCT06662318 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Perioperative Pain Management for Lumbar Spine Surgery TI  - Perioperative Analgesic Manipulations to Mitigate Pain After Elective Lumbar Spinal Surgeries: A Prospective Case-controlled Study
Research and Application of Key Technologies for Early Identification, Risk Warning and Comprehensive Intervention of Adolescent Depression; In order to realize the early identification, risk warning and comprehensive intervention of adolescent depression, this project carried out research on the diagnosis platform of adolescent depression, the construction of suicide risk warning and evaluation system, the development of interpersonal psychotherapy technology (IPT-A), and the rapid intervention technology of robotic navigation repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS). Through the extraction of psychological, peripheral and central biological characteristics of adolescent depression and the establishment of a diagnostic platform, combined with artificial neural network to achieve efficient and accurate identification of high risk of suicide population. Antidepressant drugs combined with psychotherapy and antidepressant drugs combined with rTMS physical therapy were used to improve the clinical effective rate and recovery rate. Finally, a comprehensive prevention and control technology suitable for hospitals, schools and families to participate in. AN  - NCT05945342 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Development and Application of Comprehensive Intervention Techniques for Adolescent Depression TI  - Research and Application of Key Technologies for Early Identification, Risk Warning and Comprehensive Intervention of Adolescent Depression
NMDA Antagonists in Bipolar Depression; The purpose of this study is to test whether ketamine and D-cycloserine can be safely and effectively used for the treatment of depression. The investigators hypothesize that ketamine will serve as a rapid acting and safe antidepressant in patients with bipolar depression, and furthermore, that D-cycloserine will serve as an effective therapy following ketamine treatment. AN  - NCT01833897 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - NMDA Antagonists in Bipolar Depression TI  - NMDA Antagonists in Bipolar Depression
A Multicenter, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Study Comparing the Efficacy and Safety of LY2439821 to Etanercept and Placebo in Patients With Moderate-to-Severe Plaque Psoriasis; This study will assess the safety and efficacy of ixekizumab (LY2439821) compared to etanercept and placebo in participants with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis. AN  - NCT01597245 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Phase 3 Study in Participants With Moderate to Severe Psoriasis (UNCOVER-2) (UNCOVER-2) TI  - A Multicenter, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Study Comparing the Efficacy and Safety of LY2439821 to Etanercept and Placebo in Patients With Moderate-to-Severe Plaque Psoriasis
Randomized Controlled Trial Evaluating the Transcutaneous Carbon Dioxide Measurements in Obese Women Using Intrathecal Morphine Versus Patient-Controlled Intravenous Hydromorphone for Post-Cesarean Analgesia; The hypothesis is carbon dioxide levels will be significantly higher in obese women receiving intrathecal morphine versus obese women receiving intravenous patient controlled intravenous hydromorphone. AN  - NCT03282669 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - TC02 Obese Women Using It Morphine vs PCA IV Hydromorphone for Post-Cesarean Analgesia TI  - Randomized Controlled Trial Evaluating the Transcutaneous Carbon Dioxide Measurements in Obese Women Using Intrathecal Morphine Versus Patient-Controlled Intravenous Hydromorphone for Post-Cesarean Analgesia
Efficacy, Safety and Cost-effectiveness of Methotrexate, Adalimumab, or Their Combination in Non-infectious Non-anterior Uveitis: a Randomized, Parallel 3 Arms, Active-controlled, Phase 3 Open Label With Blinded Outcome Assessment Study; Methods and analysis: The Combination THerapy with mEthotrexate and adalImumAb for uveitis (CoTHEIA) study is a phase III, multicenter, prospective, randomized, single-blinded with masked outcome assessment, parallel three arms with 1:1:1 allocation, active-controlled, superiority study design, comparing the efficacy, safety and cost-effectiveness of methotrexate (MTX), adalimumab (ADA), or their combination in non-infectious non-anterior uveitis. The duration of the treatment and follow-up will last up to 52 weeks. The complete and maintained resolution of the ocular inflammation will be assessed by masked evaluators (primary outcome). In addition to other secundray measures of efficacy (QoL, visual acuity, costs) and safety, we will identify subjects' subgroups with different treatment responses by developing prediction models based on machine learning techniques using genetic and proteomic biomarkers. AN  - NCT04798755 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Efficacy, Safety and Costs of Methotrexate, Adalimumab, or Their Combination in Non-infectious Non-anterior Uveitis (Co-THEIA) TI  - Efficacy, Safety and Cost-effectiveness of Methotrexate, Adalimumab, or Their Combination in Non-infectious Non-anterior Uveitis: a Randomized, Parallel 3 Arms, Active-controlled, Phase 3 Open Label With Blinded Outcome Assessment Study
A Phase 4, Randomized, Double-Blind Study With a Safety Extension Period to Evaluate the Effect of Aspirin on Flushing Events in Subjects With Relapsing-Remitting Multiple Sclerosis Treated With Tecfidera® (Dimethyl Fumarate) Delayed-Release Capsules; Secondary objectives of this study are: to evaluate the safety and tolerability of DMF administered with and without enteric-coated ASA in the clinical practice setting; to evaluate the impact of DMF administration on quality of life as measured by the Short Form 36 (SF-36®) and European Quality of Life - 5 Dimensions - 5 Levels (EQ-5D-5L) questionnaires. AN  - NCT02090413 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Phase 4 Study of Effect of Aspirin on Flushing in Dimethyl Fumarate-Treated Participants With Relapsing-Remitting Multiple Sclerosis (ASSURE) TI  - A Phase 4, Randomized, Double-Blind Study With a Safety Extension Period to Evaluate the Effect of Aspirin on Flushing Events in Subjects With Relapsing-Remitting Multiple Sclerosis Treated With Tecfidera® (Dimethyl Fumarate) Delayed-Release Capsules
A Randomized Controlled Trial to Determine the Effects of Curcumin and Epigallocatechin Gallate Supplementation on Serum Brain Derived Neurotrophic Factor and Mood Disturbance in Adults; - 300mg/day epigallocatechin gallate (EGCG) AN  - NCT06531863 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Curcumin and EGCG Supplementation to Improve Serum BDNF and Mood Disturbance TI  - A Randomized Controlled Trial to Determine the Effects of Curcumin and Epigallocatechin Gallate Supplementation on Serum Brain Derived Neurotrophic Factor and Mood Disturbance in Adults
The Effect of Battlefield Acupuncture and Physical Therapy Versus Physical Therapy Alone Following Shoulder Surgery: A Randomized Clinical Trial; The purpose of this randomized clinical trial is to determine the effectiveness of Battlefield Acupuncture (BFA) in addition to standard post-surgical shoulder physical therapy compared to a standard shoulder rehabilitation program in reducing medication use and pain in patients who have undergone shoulder surgery. Measurements of medication (opioid, NSAID, acetaminophen, etc.) use (daily number of pills consumed), pain rating, patient specific functional scale and global rating of change will be taken at 48-hours (baseline), 72-hours, 1-week, and 4-weeks post-surgery. It is hypothesized that the inclusion of Battlefield Acupuncture will result in a decrease in post-surgical pain levels, reduced opioid medication use, and improved patient mood when compared to rehabilitation alone. AN  - NCT04094246 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Battlefield Acupuncture Following Shoulder Surgery (BFA) TI  - The Effect of Battlefield Acupuncture and Physical Therapy Versus Physical Therapy Alone Following Shoulder Surgery: A Randomized Clinical Trial
Intravenous Ibuprofen/Caldolor for Post-Electroconvulsive Therapy Myalgia; Post-procedure myalgia (muscle ache) is a well-known and common complication of Electro-convulsive Treatment (ECT). Myalgias are a serious concern of patients and occur in approximately 50% of these cases. The pain is usually described as muscle soreness, similar to that resulting from strenuous exercise. The myalgias typically begin shortly after the procedure, lasting approximately 2-7 days in total. A recent study reported that 89% of patients considered prevention significant and would be willing to pay a median of $33 out of pocket to avoid this side effect. In addition to patient discomfort, myalgias can have a further financial burden if these patients are unable to return to work or resume previous daily activities in the days following the procedure. An agent that could treat and possibly even prevent these myalgias has the potential to be very beneficial to these patients. IV ibuprofen (trade name Caldolor) is a novel therapeutic modality approved by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in June 2009 for the treatment of mild to moderate pain, as an adjunct to opioid analgesics, and for the reduction of fever. AN  - NCT01200069 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - IV Ibuprofen for Post-Electroconvulsive Therapy Myalgia TI  - Intravenous Ibuprofen/Caldolor for Post-Electroconvulsive Therapy Myalgia
Investigation of a Specialized Nutritional Intervention and Rehabilitation Treatment in Patients With Post-COVID Condition to Improve Their Quality of Life: ARACOV-02; These patients could obtain greater health improvements in terms of their quality of life if a therapeutical exercise and education program based on tele-rehabilitation is implemented together with a natural nutritional supplement that generates a systemic anti-inflammatory effect through SPMs (omega- 3). AN  - NCT06063031 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Nutritional Intervention and Rehabilitation Treatment in Patients With Post-COVID Condition (ARACOV-02) TI  - Investigation of a Specialized Nutritional Intervention and Rehabilitation Treatment in Patients With Post-COVID Condition to Improve Their Quality of Life: ARACOV-02
Randomized Open-label Study Comparing 2 Different Strategies For Management Of Subjects With Plaque Psoriasis Who Have Responded To Etanercept Treatment; The first method involves stopping etanercept treatment on entry into the study, with the option to reinitiate etanercept at 50 mg once weekly after medical review and agreement between the subject and the investigator. The second method involves continuing on etanercept at 25 mg once weekly, with the option to increase the dose to 50 mg once weekly after medical review and agreement between the subject and the investigator. Subjects will be randomized into one of these two study arms. AN  - NCT00992394 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study Comparing 2 Different Strategies For Management of Subjects With Plaque Psoriasis Who Have Responded to Etanercept (ReSPONSE) TI  - Randomized Open-label Study Comparing 2 Different Strategies For Management Of Subjects With Plaque Psoriasis Who Have Responded To Etanercept Treatment
Safety and Efficacy of Low-intensity Laser Therapy in the Treatment of Chronic Musculoskeletal Pain: a Multicenter Randomized Controlled Trail; This study is a multicenter, prospective, randomized, controlled research design. This study takes classic NSAIDs treatment as a control, and it will take patients' pain relief, functional improvement, sleep quality improvement, and adverse reactions as the main and secondary evaluation indicators to explore the safety and effectiveness of weak laser treatment of chronic musculoskeletal pain, determining the dominant disease in the treatment of Chronic pain. AN  - NCT06009900 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Safety and Efficacy of Low-intensity Laser Therapy in the Treatment of Chronic Musculoskeletal Pain TI  - Safety and Efficacy of Low-intensity Laser Therapy in the Treatment of Chronic Musculoskeletal Pain: a Multicenter Randomized Controlled Trail
Effects of Esketamine Combined With Propofol for Sedation on Systemic Inflammation and Immune Function in Septic Patients in the ICU: a Single-center, Non-blind, Prospective Randomized Controlled Trial; This intervention study is to investigate whether three consecutive days of intravenous esketamine infusions via infusion pump (0.07 mg/kg/h) could reduce excessive inflammation and improve immunosuppression in septic patients requiring mechanical ventilation in the ICU under sedation primarily with propofol. AN  - NCT04843982 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Immunoinflammatory Regulation of Esketamine in Septic Patients TI  - Effects of Esketamine Combined With Propofol for Sedation on Systemic Inflammation and Immune Function in Septic Patients in the ICU: a Single-center, Non-blind, Prospective Randomized Controlled Trial
Evaluation of the Daily Intake of 0.5 L of Water Saturated With Molecular Hydrogen for 21 Days in COVID-19 Patients Treated in Ambulatory Care. Double-blind, Randomized, Comparative Study; The ingestion of water saturated with molecular hydrogen has been the subject of several clinical studies in other indications than Covid-19, and no side effects of this ingestion have been reported. A recent publication recommends initiating clinical trials using a hydrogen fortified beverage. AN  - NCT04716985 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Evaluation of the Daily Intake of 0.5 L of Water Saturated With Molecular Hydrogen for 21 Days in COVID-19 Patients Treated in Ambulatory Care (HYDRO COVID) TI  - Evaluation of the Daily Intake of 0.5 L of Water Saturated With Molecular Hydrogen for 21 Days in COVID-19 Patients Treated in Ambulatory Care. Double-blind, Randomized, Comparative Study
An Open-Label, Randomized Study to Evaluate the Radiographic Efficacy and Safety of Enbrel™ (Etanercept) Added to Methotrexate in Comparison With Usual Treatment in Subjects With Moderate Rheumatoid Arthritis Disease Activity; To assess comparative radiographic efficacy, clinical efficacy and safety of etanercept (ETN) + methotrexate (MTX) with usual disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drug (DMARD) treatment in subjects with moderate RA who were treated with MTX monotherapy, but continue to have moderate disease activity. AN  - NCT00706797 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study Evaluating Efficacy / Safety of Etanercept + Methotrexate Compared to Usual Treatment in Moderate RA Subjects TI  - An Open-Label, Randomized Study to Evaluate the Radiographic Efficacy and Safety of Enbrel™ (Etanercept) Added to Methotrexate in Comparison With Usual Treatment in Subjects With Moderate Rheumatoid Arthritis Disease Activity
Effect of Antiplatelet Therapies in Patients With Depression and Coronary Disease; - to assess whether there is or not the reactivation of pro-thrombotic profile after cessation of dual antiplatelet therapy in CAD patients with or without depression in single antiplatelet therapy after TCG/PSG cessation. AN  - NCT05821062 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Antiplatelet Therapies in Patients With Depression and Coronary Disease (ENHANCE) TI  - Effect of Antiplatelet Therapies in Patients With Depression and Coronary Disease
Intraoperative Ketorolac Dose of 15 mg Versus the Standard 30 mg on Early Postoperative Pain After Spine Surgery: A Randomised, Blinded, Non-Inferiority Trial; The primary aim of this study is to show the non-inferiority of 15 mg intraoperative dose of ketorolac as compared to the standard 30 mg ketorolac by looking at the VAS scores 4 hours after an adult spine surgery. AN  - NCT01230463 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study of Whether 15 mg Dose of Ketorolac IV is as Effective as a 30 mg Dose. TI  - Intraoperative Ketorolac Dose of 15 mg Versus the Standard 30 mg on Early Postoperative Pain After Spine Surgery: A Randomised, Blinded, Non-Inferiority Trial
Multimodal Prevention of First Psychotic Episode - a 2x2-Factorial Randomized Trial Investigating the Efficacy of Acetylcysteine and Integrated Preventive Psychological Intervention in Subjects Clinically at High Risk for Psychosis; Schizophrenia is a severe mental disorder associated with significant impairments in affective, cognitive and social functioning. Consequently, a special interest in the prevention of schizophrenia and psychotic disorders has emerged. Pharmacological as well as psychological interventions show promising preventive effects. The purpose of this multicentric study is the investigation of possible preventive effects of a treatment combination containing a psychotherapy form and medication (N-Acetylcytein - NAC) in individuals with an enhanced risk for developing schizophrenia. Both treatment forms may reduce the risk in this population due to their specific properties: The psychotherapy can improve social skills, whereas NAC is supposed to develop its protective effects on neuronal level due to its antiinflammatory properties. The investigators will examine the preventive effects by measuring transition rates to psychosis after treatment as well as improvements in social, affective and cognitive functioning. AN  - NCT03149107 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - "Multimodal Prevention of Psychosis - Investigating Efficacy of N-Acetylcysteine and Psychotherapy in CHR-Patients" (ESPRIT-B1) TI  - Multimodal Prevention of First Psychotic Episode - a 2x2-Factorial Randomized Trial Investigating the Efficacy of Acetylcysteine and Integrated Preventive Psychological Intervention in Subjects Clinically at High Risk for Psychosis
Opioid Free Anesthesia for Upper Limb Surgery in Obese Patients.; Opioid free anesthesia recently become more applicable and popular in different centers, it provides pain control with marked reduction in opioid consumption. However, researches and studies still unable to explore definite explanations or techniques regarding it. The base of OFA is that not only one drug can replace opioids. It is a multimodal anesthesia. Multiple drugs are used to achieve it. They are hypnotics,N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) antagonists (ketamine, magnesium sulfate), sodium channel blockers (local anesthetics), anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAID, dexamethasone), and alpha-2 agonists (dexmedetomidine, clonidine). Regional anesthesia and nerve blocks also have a role. In this study, using OFA the investigators are hoping to achieve a good quality of care to obese patients helping in fast track surgery with less complications and so shorter period of hospital stay AN  - NCT05481970 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Opioid Free Anesthesia in Obese Patients. TI  - Opioid Free Anesthesia for Upper Limb Surgery in Obese Patients.
Investigating the Changes of the Cognition in Asymptomatic Intracranial Stenosis Patients After 1-Year Standard Medical Treatment Without Stenting; To investigate the cognitive decline after standard medical treatment without stenting in Asymptomatic Intracranial Stenosis patients and the underlying neural mechanism by fMRI. AN  - NCT04850001 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Cognitive Decline in Asymptomatic Intracranial Stenosis Patients: A 1-Year Follow-Up Study TI  - Investigating the Changes of the Cognition in Asymptomatic Intracranial Stenosis Patients After 1-Year Standard Medical Treatment Without Stenting
Influence of Different Rehabilitative Aerobic Exercise Programs on (Anti-) Inflammatory Immune Signalling, Cognitive Performance and Processing Skills in Persons With MS - A Randomized Controlled Trial; Regular physical activity is known to reduce the risk for some neurodegenerative disorders and their symptoms. Several studies have shown positive effects of therapeutic exercise interventions on motor- and cognitive function as well as psychosocial benefits in persons with multiple sclerosis (MS). To improve exercise recommendations, it is necessary to learn more about the underlying biological mechanisms. A reduction of inflammatory stress through physical exercise has been suspected as one key mechanism, mediating the positive effects of exercise in the context of MS (being a "classical" neuro-inflammatory disease). This randomized controlled trial aims to investigate the influence of two different rehabilitative endurance exercise programs (3x/week moderate vs. vigorous endurance exercise) on (1) (anti-)inflammatory immune signalling and (2) various aspects of participation. AN  - NCT03652519 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - High-intensity Training and Its Effects on Neuroplasticity (TRAINUVIMAB) TI  - Influence of Different Rehabilitative Aerobic Exercise Programs on (Anti-) Inflammatory Immune Signalling, Cognitive Performance and Processing Skills in Persons With MS - A Randomized Controlled Trial
The Analgesic Efficacy of Adding Magnesium Sulfate Versus Ketorolac to Bupivacaine in Ultrasound-guided Supraclavicular Brachial Plexus Block (A Prospective- Double-blinded Randomized Controlled Trial); Non-Steroidal Anti-Inflammatory drugs (NSAID) inhibit synthesis of prostaglandins from arachnoid acid in phospholipid membranes resulting in decreased afferent nociceptive signals from the site of surgery. There are a lot of studies supported the analgesic effect when NSAIDs are concentrated at a peripheral site compared to the systemic administration therapy. Ketorolac is a parenteral NSAIDs. Studies have shown that ketorolac as an adjuvant to local anesthetics during peripheral nerve block enhanced duration and quality of analgesia. AN  - NCT04554862 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Analgesic Efficacy of Magnesium and Ketorolac in Ultrasound Supraclavicular Block TI  - The Analgesic Efficacy of Adding Magnesium Sulfate Versus Ketorolac to Bupivacaine in Ultrasound-guided Supraclavicular Brachial Plexus Block (A Prospective- Double-blinded Randomized Controlled Trial)
CBD/THC Solution as a Pharmacological Strategy for Patients With Fibromyalgia. Single-center, Double-blind, Randomized, Placebo-controlled Clinical Trial Protocol (FibroCann); Supporting Hypothesis: The tested CBD/THC solution will show efficacy and safety with no serious adverse effects. AN  - NCT05283161 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - CBD (Cannabidiol)/THC (Tetrahydrocannabinol) Solution as a Pharmacological Strategy for Patients With Fibromyalgia (FibroCann) TI  - CBD/THC Solution as a Pharmacological Strategy for Patients With Fibromyalgia. Single-center, Double-blind, Randomized, Placebo-controlled Clinical Trial Protocol (FibroCann)
Impact of Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids on Emotional, Cognitive and Biological Alterations in Alcohol Use Disorder; Researchers will compare active comparator (omega-3) with placebo comparator (olive oil) to see if omega-3 can have a beneficial effect on AUD patients. AN  - NCT05899660 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Impact of Omega 3 in Alcohol Use Disorder (W3-AUD) TI  - Impact of Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids on Emotional, Cognitive and Biological Alterations in Alcohol Use Disorder
OMEGA-3 FATTY ACIDS AS FIRST-LINE TREATMENT IN PAEDIATRIC DEPRESSION. A Phase III, 36-week, Multi-centre, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled Randomized Superiority Study; This study investigates the therapeutic efficacy and safety of omega-3 fatty acids rich in eicosapentaenoic acid / docosahexaenoic acid in pediatric depression in a nine months double-blind multi-centre study in 220 children and adolescents between 8 and 17 years of age. Inflammatory and bioactive lipid markers as predictors of response are evaluated. The relationship between omega-3 fatty acids with psychopathology, illness course and cognitive parameters will be further investigated. AN  - NCT03167307 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Omega-3 Fatty Acid Paediatric Depression Trial (Omega-3-pMDD) TI  - OMEGA-3 FATTY ACIDS AS FIRST-LINE TREATMENT IN PAEDIATRIC DEPRESSION. A Phase III, 36-week, Multi-centre, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled Randomized Superiority Study
A Single-Blind Placebo Run-in Study of Duloxetine for Activity-Limiting Osteoarthritis Pain; In subjects who continue to have activity-limiting osteoarthritis pain after treatment with acetaminophen or non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agents, 60-90 mg Duloxetine per day over 10 weeks will provide significant additional pain relief over that achieved with placebo(> 30% reduction after Duloxetine treatment). AN  - NCT00609557 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Single-Blind Placebo Run-in Study of Duloxetine for Activity-Limiting Osteoarthritis Pain TI  - A Single-Blind Placebo Run-in Study of Duloxetine for Activity-Limiting Osteoarthritis Pain
The Crosstalk Between Calcium-sensing Receptor Signaling and Endocannabinoid System in Primary Hyperparathyroidism; Arachidonic acid remodeling might also have an impact on depression and elevated cytokines in patients with primary hyperparathyroidism. The investigators therefore will assess the correlation between postoperative improvement of PHQ-9 and cytokine levels with arachidonic acid remodeling. AN  - NCT03831620 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Crosstalk Between Calcium-sensing Receptor Signaling and Endocannabinoid System in Primary Hyperparathyroidism (Targeting CaSR) TI  - The Crosstalk Between Calcium-sensing Receptor Signaling and Endocannabinoid System in Primary Hyperparathyroidism
A Pilot Study of Minocycline Augmentation to Clozapine in Individuals With Treatment Resistant Schizophrenia; The proposed pilot study will compare minocycline augmentation with clozapine in individuals with high vs low inflammation as measured by CRP. Investigators hypothesize that minocycline will be well tolerated and will result in an improvement in the symptoms of schizophrenia, cognition, as well as improve the quality of life for patients preferentially in patients with high CRPs. Investigators plan to use a variety of different scales to measure improvement in the varying symptoms of schizophrenia as well as cognitive function, which will be administered to patients at three week intervals for a total study time of twelve weeks. Investigators hypothesize that minocycline could prove to be an effective, well tolerated, and inexpensive medication for treatment resistant patients with schizophrenia whom have particular difficulties with social interactions, obtaining and maintaining employment, and overall quality of life. Furthermore, investigators hypothesize that the data obtained in this study will contribute to the ongoing exploration of the role of inflammation in the brain of patients with schizophrenia and help understand and target the role of various inflammatory markers in the pathophysiology and treatment of treatment resistant schizophrenia. AN  - NCT02124811 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Minocycline Augmentation to Clozapine TI  - A Pilot Study of Minocycline Augmentation to Clozapine in Individuals With Treatment Resistant Schizophrenia
Observational Non-Interventional Study With Enbrel in Patients With Ankylosing Spondylitis; This observational study will be a documentation of the prescribing and administration practices of Enbrel® and their impact on ankylosing spondylitis patients outcome in a real life setting. AN  - NCT01188655 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Observational Non-Interventional Study With Enbrel (Etanercept) in Patients With Ankylosing Spondylitis TI  - Observational Non-Interventional Study With Enbrel in Patients With Ankylosing Spondylitis
The Effect of Multiple Medications on the Incidence of Organic Dyspepsia：a Prospective Observational Cohort; Dyspepsia is a very common gastrointestinal disease, presented as predominant symptom of upper abdominal pain. Underlying causes for dyspepsia can classified as organic or functional dyspepsia. Some medications (eg. non-steroid anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs)) were associated with higher frequent incidences of organic lesions. Multiple medications showed an increased trend with aging of the population and multimorbidity. Multiple medications were suggested to be strongly relate to adverse drug events (ADEs), adverse drug reactions (ADRs), drug-drug interactions, and drug-disease interactions, which had been reported to lead to higher incidences of some diseases, including fractures, cognitive impairment and malnutrition. However, it was unknown if multiple medications was associated with more incidences of organic dyspepsia. AN  - NCT05524675 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Effect of Multiple Medications on the Incidence of Organic Dyspepsia TI  - The Effect of Multiple Medications on the Incidence of Organic Dyspepsia：a Prospective Observational Cohort
Dextromethorphan Enhances the Therapeutic Efficacy of Valoproate in Bipolar Disorder Patients; Dextromethorphan has been reported affording neuroprotection on dopaminergic neurons and having protective effect against inflammation-related neuron damage. These anti-inflammatory and neuroprotective effects of dextromethorphan would suggest potential clinical benefits of dextromethorphan add-on therapy to valproate for bipolar disorder patients. This hypothesis was based on the findings that the mood stabilizers have been reported to be neuroprotective through the release of neurotrophic factors such as GDNF from astroglia. Thus, the combination treatment of mood stabilizers and dextromethorphan might improve the therapeutic efficacy for bipolar disorder patients. AN  - NCT01188265 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Add-on Dextromethorphan in Bipolar Disorders (DM) TI  - Dextromethorphan Enhances the Therapeutic Efficacy of Valoproate in Bipolar Disorder Patients
Transition From Acute to Chronic Back Pain : Effect of L-dopa,Gender,and Associated Brain Plasticity; This is a 6-month double-blinded, randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial of pharmacological treatment (carbidopa/levodopa and celecoxib) for acute/subacute back pain. All eligible patients will be randomly assigned to 3 different group and receive a 12-week treatment of "carbidopa/levodopa+celecoxib ", of "placebo+celecoxib", and of "placebo+placebo". In addition, all participants will be MRI-scanned twice and assessed daily with a mobile app for pan, mood, and behavior. AN  - NCT04082715 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Transition From Acute to Chronic Back Pain : Effect of L-dopa,Gender,and Associated Brain Plasticity TI  - Transition From Acute to Chronic Back Pain : Effect of L-dopa,Gender,and Associated Brain Plasticity
Internet-based Mindfulness and Exposure Treatment for Atopic Dermatitis: Randomized Controlled Trial; Atopic dermatitis (AD) is highly prevalent and leads to suffering for the individual, increased risk of depressive symptoms and anxiety, and high societal costs. A few psychological treatment have been tested for AD, but to our knowledge none of them have been built on recently developed methods for optimizing exposure treatment. In addition, access to psychological treatment is limited and there is a need for new methods that could be easily disseminated. One possible solution to this problem is to deliver psychological treatment via the Internet, which has been tested in more than 100 randomized trials with good results for other clinical disorders than AD. The aim of this study was to test the effects of Internet-delivered mindfulness and exposure treatment (I-MET) for AD in a randomized controlled trial. We hypothesized that I-MET would lead to larger reductions of AD symptoms as well as psychological symptoms compared to treatment as usual. AN  - NCT03051958 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Internet-based Mindfulness and Exposure Treatment for Atopic Dermatitis TI  - Internet-based Mindfulness and Exposure Treatment for Atopic Dermatitis: Randomized Controlled Trial
The Effect of Seven-day Simvastatin Administration on Emotional Processing, Reward Processing, and Inflammation in Healthy Volunteers; The current study will investigate the effect of seven-day administration of simvastatin 20mg on emotional and reward processing tasks in healthy volunteers. There is evidence that statins may exert antidepressant effects via anti-inflammatory and anti-oxidant pathways, and it is therefore predicted that simvastatin will have positive effects on emotional and reward processing. AN  - NCT04652089 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - 7-day Simvastatin and Emotional Processing (SSTEP-HV) TI  - The Effect of Seven-day Simvastatin Administration on Emotional Processing, Reward Processing, and Inflammation in Healthy Volunteers
A 1 Year Observational Study of the Use of Etanercept in Routine German Clinical Practice to Treat Rheumatoid Arthritis Patients: a Health Economic, Safety and Effectiveness Evaluation; The diagnosis, evaluation and treatment of rheumatoid arthritis (RA) continue to undergo rapid change. Randomized controlled trials such as the TEMPO study have demonstrated the efficacy and safety of the combination of etanercept and methotrexate. Importantly, the TEMPO study showed that patients treated with etanercept and methotrexate could reach the newer therapeutic goals of low disease activity and remission, and that the physicians, patients, and payers are no longer prepared to accept the goal of "Reduction of symptoms". RCT are important and powerful tools in assessing efficacy and safety but have their limitations in terms of generalisability. In order to assess health economics, clinical effectiveness and safety of etanercept, they need to be measured by performing observational studies of unselected patients. This study aims to provide a holistic assessment of patients receiving etanercept in a real world setting. This will include centers that would not normally take part in RCT. The study will assess treatment with etanercept with descriptive statistics of the following parameters: Health economic, Safety, Effectiveness. In addition, there was a previous study of similar design, but of only 3 months duration (101354), which will allow comparison with historical data. Since previous study, there have been a number of significant changes: Introduction of a new formulation for etanercept (Enbrel® 50mg · once weekly), Definition of early RA has been modified to short disease duration (from 3 months to 1 year). AN  - NCT00488475 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Observational Trial With Enbrel TI  - A 1 Year Observational Study of the Use of Etanercept in Routine German Clinical Practice to Treat Rheumatoid Arthritis Patients: a Health Economic, Safety and Effectiveness Evaluation
Targeting Microglial Activation for Treatment of Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD): A Proof-of-Concept, Target-Engagement Study; Autism spectrum disorders (ASD) are highly disabling, persistent neurodevelopmental disorders. There are no available treatments for core symptoms of ASD or biologically-based clinical biomarkers. Emerging evidence indicates that levels of brain inflammation are increased in ASD. In particular, recent work implicates hyperactivity of microglial cells, the resident immune cells of the brain. However, the functional consequences of microglial activation remain unknown. This study will measure microglial activation in ASD using positron emission tomography (PET) brain imaging. Adult males with ASD (n=15) and healthy controls (n=15) will be recruited for this study and undergo comprehensive clinical and behavioral baseline assessment. All subjects will then undergo baseline PET imaging using a radiotracer that labels activated microglia. Subjects with ASD will then undergo 12-week open label treatment with minocycline, an FDA-approved antibiotic thought to block microglial activation. PET imaging will be repeated at 12 weeks to confirm target engagement. A subset of control subjects will also undergo repeat PET imaging to determine test-retest reliability. During minocycline treatment, ASD subjects will be evaluated every 2 weeks for safety, clinical impression, behavioral functioning, and measures of cognition. Results will provide important information regarding the relationship between levels of brain inflammation, cognitive and behavioral function in ASD. AN  - NCT03117530 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Measuring Brain Inflammation in Autism TI  - Targeting Microglial Activation for Treatment of Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD): A Proof-of-Concept, Target-Engagement Study
Reducing Inflammation for Greater Health Trial: The RIGHT Study; Participants will be asked to receive injections of drug or placebo every 4 weeks for 24 weeks. They will also be asked to undergo testing that assesses physical function, thinking ability and brain health, breathing capacity, and blood vessel stiffness, and will have blood samples collected to measure immune function and to create a bank of samples for future testing. Comparisons will be made between those who receive drug and those who receive placebo. AN  - NCT05727384 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Improving Physical Function in Older Adults Using an Anti-inflammation Drug: The RIGHT Study (RIGHT) TI  - Reducing Inflammation for Greater Health Trial: The RIGHT Study
Role of the Gut Microbiome as Determinant of Depression in Multiple Sclerosis Subjects; A total of 120 pwMS will be recruited: 60 with and 60 without depression based on the Neuro-Qol depression scale. At the study visit each participant will be asked to provide a stool sample for microbiome analyses and a blood sample for peripheral blood immunophenotyping. Potential confounders will be collected and treated as covariates in the analyses. These include: 1) degree of disability (EDSS); 2) treatment with anti-depressants and DMTs; 3) a 4-days food diary to evaluate diet composition; 4) weight and height to calculate the BMI; 5) fatigue; 6) level of physical activity; 7) sleep quality. AN  - NCT05808101 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Gut Microbiome and Depression TI  - Role of the Gut Microbiome as Determinant of Depression in Multiple Sclerosis Subjects
Extracorporeal Shock Wave Therapy in the Treatment of Primary Dysmenorrhea:a Randomized Controlled-placebo Trial; Primary dysmenorrhea (PD) is a common female disease during menstruating. Although nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug is an effective treatment, there are concerns about side effects. Alternative therapies, including acupuncture and moxibustion, are commonly used for PD. Nevertheless, traditional Chinese medicine takes longer period than Western medicine to release PD. Extracorporeal shock wave therapy (ESWT) originally for the treatment of musculoskeletal diseases has characteristics of fast curative effect and no wound. Currently there is no report about clinical use of ESWT for the treatment of PD. Our study is to determine whether ESWT is effective in the treatment of PD based on meridian theory of traditional Chinese medicine. The investigators hypothesis that ESWT during PD is more effective than ESWT before PD or abdominal hot paste during PD without ESWT. AN  - NCT03121170 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Extracorporeal Shock Wave Therapy in the Treatment of Primary Dysmenorrhea TI  - Extracorporeal Shock Wave Therapy in the Treatment of Primary Dysmenorrhea:a Randomized Controlled-placebo Trial
A Single-Blind Placebo Run-In Study of Venlafaxine for Activity-Limiting Osteoarthritis Pain; In subjects who continue to have activity-limiting osteoarthritis pain after treatment with acetaminophen or non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agents, 150-225 mg Venlafaxine per day over 10 weeks will provide significant additional pain relief over that achieved with placebo (more than 30% reduction after Venlafaxine treatment). AN  - NCT00611676 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Single-Blind Placebo Run-In Study of Venlafaxine for Activity-Limiting Osteoarthritis Pain TI  - A Single-Blind Placebo Run-In Study of Venlafaxine for Activity-Limiting Osteoarthritis Pain
Effects of the Nottingham Arthritis App for Arthritis Pain; The aim of this run-in design, feasibility study is to assess outcomes (including opioid-use, pain intensity, emotional function, and general physical function) for an augmented reality illusion therapy in participants with chronic hand joint pain due to arthritis. AN  - NCT05634291 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effects of the Nottingham Augmented Reality (AR) App for Arthritis Hand Joint Pain TI  - Effects of the Nottingham Arthritis App for Arthritis Pain
A PROSPECTIVE EVALUATION OF THE RADIOGRAPHIC EFFICACY OF ETANERCEPT IN PATIENTS WITH RHEUMATOID ARTHRITIS OR PSORIATIC ARTHRITIS.; - the optimal onset of Enbrel treatment in the course of the disease to prevent radiographic damage AN  - NCT01623752 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Prospective Evaluation of the Radiographic Efficacy of Enbrel (PRERA) TI  - A PROSPECTIVE EVALUATION OF THE RADIOGRAPHIC EFFICACY OF ETANERCEPT IN PATIENTS WITH RHEUMATOID ARTHRITIS OR PSORIATIC ARTHRITIS.
PERSIST: PROSPECTIVE OBSERVATIONAL COHORT STUDY TO ASSESS PERSISTENCE OF CT-P13 (INFLIXIMAB) IN PATIENTS WITH RHEUMATOID DISEASES WHO ARE EITHER NAIVE TO BIOLOGICS OR SWITCHED FROM STABLE REMICADE(R) (INFLIXIMAB); - To assess the safety of CT-P13 in RA, AS, and PsA patients who are either initiated with CT-P13 as their first biologic, or who are switched from stable Remicade for up to 2 years AN  - NCT02605642 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Post-Marketing Use Of CT-P13 (Infliximab) For Standard Of Care Treatment Of Rheumatoid Diseases Who Are Naïve To Biologics Or Switched From Remicade (PERSIST) TI  - PERSIST: PROSPECTIVE OBSERVATIONAL COHORT STUDY TO ASSESS PERSISTENCE OF CT-P13 (INFLIXIMAB) IN PATIENTS WITH RHEUMATOID DISEASES WHO ARE EITHER NAIVE TO BIOLOGICS OR SWITCHED FROM STABLE REMICADE(R) (INFLIXIMAB)
A Randomized Controlled Trial of Adjunctive D-Cycloserine to Intermittent Theta-burst Stimulation Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in Fibromyalgia; Research Question and Objectives: To conduct a randomized placebo-controlled trial of DCS in adjunct with rTMS in Fibromyalgia. Participants will be randomized to receive 100mg of DCS or placebo together with TMS. AN  - NCT05395494 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - iTBS-DCS in Fibromyalgia TI  - A Randomized Controlled Trial of Adjunctive D-Cycloserine to Intermittent Theta-burst Stimulation Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in Fibromyalgia
A Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled Trial of Allogeneic Bone Marrow-derived Mesenchymal Stem Cells as a Disease-modifying Therapy for Idiopathic Parkinson's Disease; The purpose of this study is to select the safest and most effective number of repeat doses of allogeneic bone marrow-derived mesenchymal stem cell (MSC) infusions to slow the progression of Parkinson's disease (PD). AN  - NCT04506073 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Phase IIa Randomized Placebo Controlled Trial: Mesenchymal Stem Cells as a Disease-modifying Therapy for Idiopathic Parkinson's Disease TI  - A Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled Trial of Allogeneic Bone Marrow-derived Mesenchymal Stem Cells as a Disease-modifying Therapy for Idiopathic Parkinson's Disease
Efficacy Comparison of Ivermectin 1% Topical Cream Associated With Doxycycline 40 mg Modified Release (MR) Capsules Versus Ivermectin 1% Topical Cream Associated With Placebo in the Treatment of Severe Rosacea; The main objective of this study is to evaluate the efficacy of Ivermectin 1% topical cream associated with Doxycycline 40 mg Modified release (MR) capsules versus Ivermectin 1% topical cream associated with Placebo in the treatment of severe Rosacea. AN  - NCT03075891 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Oracea Soolantra Association in Participants With Severe Rosacea (ANSWER) TI  - Efficacy Comparison of Ivermectin 1% Topical Cream Associated With Doxycycline 40 mg Modified Release (MR) Capsules Versus Ivermectin 1% Topical Cream Associated With Placebo in the Treatment of Severe Rosacea
A Randomized, Double Blind, Placebo-controlled Crossover Study of Tolerability and Efficacy of Cannabidiol (CBD) on Tremor in Parkinson's Disease; The major purpose of the Stage 1 is to study the safety and tolerability of the proposed dosage regimen of the study drug. The form of cannabidiol (CBD) used in this study is GWP42003, supplied by GW Pharmaceuticals. The dosage regime is based on their experience. This is an open label study in 10 subjects, during which the dose is gradually increased to the manufacturers recommended target dose, with tolerability being evaluated at each dose level. Based on the response of subjects in the Stage 1, a target dose is determined for the next stage. Standardized tools will be administered to study both tolerability and efficacy. Efficacy assessments are simply explorative, and are done to look for an effect that warrants specific or different evaluation in the next stage. AN  - NCT02818777 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study of Tolerability and Efficacy of Cannabidiol on Tremor in Parkinson's Disease TI  - A Randomized, Double Blind, Placebo-controlled Crossover Study of Tolerability and Efficacy of Cannabidiol (CBD) on Tremor in Parkinson's Disease
Comparison of Inflammatory Markers and Incidence of Comorbidities in Patients on Antiretroviral Therapy (ART) With Second-generation Anti-integrase Drugs on Triple Versus Dual Therapy; HIV-infected patients develop comorbidities earlier than the general population. Immune activation with the secretion of pro-inflammatory cytokines would play a major role in the occurrence of these comorbidities. Numerous factors, called risk factors, already identified in the general population and confirmed in patients with HIV virus favor the occurrence of these comorbidities but cannot alone explain the overrepresentation and precocity of these comorbidities in the HIV population. Investigators hypothesize that optimization or simplification with certain classes of antiretrovirals modify the inflammatory response and are predictive factors for the occurrence of comorbidities AN  - NCT05699785 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Comparison of Inflammatory Markers and Incidence of Comorbidities in Patients on Antiretroviral Therapy With Second-generation Anti-integrase Drugs on Triple Versus Dual Therapy (COLLATERAL 2) TI  - Comparison of Inflammatory Markers and Incidence of Comorbidities in Patients on Antiretroviral Therapy (ART) With Second-generation Anti-integrase Drugs on Triple Versus Dual Therapy
Exploratory Trial of Forza™️, a Novel Nutraceutical From Actinidia Deliciosa Plants Bioengineered to Bio-encapsulate the Osmotin Plant Protein as Adjuvant for the Treatment of Progressive Multiple Sclerosis; The aim of this study is to explore the anti-inflammatory and neuroprotective effects of a novel nutraceutical product (commercial name Forza™️), consisting of the plant osmotin protein, in patients with progressive multiple sclerosis (PMS). The potential effect on brain metabolism and microstructure will be evaluated by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) performed six months before starting treatment, at baseline, and after one and six months of treatment. At the same timepoints, electrophysiology, neurofilaments (NfL) quantification, optical coherence tomography (OCT) and clinical assessments will be performed. AN  - NCT05937802 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Osmotin Plant Protein for Progressive Multiple Sclerosis TI  - Exploratory Trial of Forza™️, a Novel Nutraceutical From Actinidia Deliciosa Plants Bioengineered to Bio-encapsulate the Osmotin Plant Protein as Adjuvant for the Treatment of Progressive Multiple Sclerosis
Prospective Multicenter Cohort Study Evaluating Incidence and Intensity of Postoperative Pain in Pediatric Patients After Craniotomy; The secondary objective is to determine factors associated with significant pain following paediatric neurosurgery . AN  - NCT01142830 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Incidence of Pain After Craniotomy in Children (Brainpain) TI  - Prospective Multicenter Cohort Study Evaluating Incidence and Intensity of Postoperative Pain in Pediatric Patients After Craniotomy
Efficacy and Safety of Fecal Microbiota Transplantation for Irritable Bowel Syndrome; Fecal microbiota transplantation (FMT) is a strategy that infuses a fecal suspension containing a healthy donor's microbiota into a patient's gut to restore his/her intestinal microbiome. FMT has a higher cure rate than standard antibiotic treatment for recurrent Clostridium difficile infections,and shows promising results in Inflammatory bowel disease（IBD）.However, few studies have evaluated whether FMT is effective to treat Irritable bowel syndrome(IBS).The investigators propose to determine the efficiency and safety of FMT in patients with Irritable bowel syndrome. AN  - NCT03613545 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Fecal Microbiota Transplantation for Irritable Bowel Syndrome TI  - Efficacy and Safety of Fecal Microbiota Transplantation for Irritable Bowel Syndrome
A Randomized, Double-blind, Active-control, Multicenter, Efficacy and Safety Study of 2 Dose Levels of Subcutaneous Anakinra Compared to Intramuscular Triamcinolone in the Treatment of Acute Gouty Arthritis, Followed by an Extension Period of up to 2 Years; The purpose of this study is to evaluate how anakinra relieves pain for patients with acute gout that cannot take non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) and colchicine. The patients will be divided in different treatment groups to compare anakinra to the available drug triamcinolone. AN  - NCT03002974 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study to Evaluate Efficacy and Safety of Anakinra in the Treatment of Acute Gouty Arthritis (anaGO) TI  - A Randomized, Double-blind, Active-control, Multicenter, Efficacy and Safety Study of 2 Dose Levels of Subcutaneous Anakinra Compared to Intramuscular Triamcinolone in the Treatment of Acute Gouty Arthritis, Followed by an Extension Period of up to 2 Years
An Open Label Clinical Trial to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Calculus Bovis Sativus (CBS) for Idiopathic Inflammatory Demyelinating Disease; Combined with the inspiration brought to us by the above background research, especially bilirubin and bile acid are closely related to intestinal digestive function, and CBS is clinically effective through oral administration by subjects, the investigators speculate that CBS is likely to exert its immune, anti-inflammatory and neuroprotective effects on the brain by changing the intestinal flora and regulating the brain-gut axis. In terms of symptoms, CBS is likely to have the effect of improving the clinical symptoms of IIDD subjects and reducing disability. AN  - NCT06474520 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Efficacy and Safety of Calculus Bovis Sativus (CBS) for Idiopathic Inflammatory Demyelinating Disease (CBSinIIDD) TI  - An Open Label Clinical Trial to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Calculus Bovis Sativus (CBS) for Idiopathic Inflammatory Demyelinating Disease
Building Resilience Among Women: a Social Neuroscience Approach for the Prevention of Intimate Partner Violence Consequences; Finally, the proposal will benefit from the fact that all participants will share the same experimental condition (the TSST), and this mock job interview will be used as the common reference point for a workshop about the difficulties and strengths put to test during a stressful situation. The focus of this workshop will be on raising awareness of such coping limitations and abilities that participants themselves will be able to identify. The results of this workshop will inform guidelines and recommendations for future work and prevention strategies, and participants will be invited to be an active part in our dissemination strategy AN  - NCT03623555 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Applied Social Neuroscience: the Building Resilience Among Women Project (BRAW) TI  - Building Resilience Among Women: a Social Neuroscience Approach for the Prevention of Intimate Partner Violence Consequences
Inflammation and Daily Life Study; Everyday for four weeks, participants will take either an anti-inflammatory medication (naproxen) twice daily, or a placebo pill twice daily. Participants will also answer daily questions during the 2-week period. Participants will also fill out questionnaires and complete a few tasks on the computer: once prior to the 2-week period and once immediately after the 2-week period, both during online study sessions. AN  - NCT03771612 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Inflammation and Daily Life Study TI  - Inflammation and Daily Life Study
Preliminary Efficacy and Safety of Apremilast in the Treatment of Acne Conglobata: A Phase II, Single Centre, Open Label, Proof of Concept Study for the Treatment of Acne Conglobata With the PDE-4 Inhibitor Apremilast (APACCO-Study); In this study, treatment with Apremilast (Otezla®) will be performed in patients with acne conglobata to observe its preliminary efficacy and safety in an open label, single-centre proof of concept study design. AN  - NCT04161456 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Preliminary Efficacy and Safety of Apremilast in the Treatment of Acne Conglobata (APACCO) TI  - Preliminary Efficacy and Safety of Apremilast in the Treatment of Acne Conglobata: A Phase II, Single Centre, Open Label, Proof of Concept Study for the Treatment of Acne Conglobata With the PDE-4 Inhibitor Apremilast (APACCO-Study)
Inflammation and Neurocognitive Damage Markers in Elderly People With Obstructive Sleep Apnea; The aging process tends to promote an overall increase in inflammation compromising the immunologic system regulation, sleep/wakefulness pattern, and neurocognitive performance. In elders, there is an increase in repetitive arousals during sleep, secondary to breathing interruption by pharynx collapse, generating a transient reduction in oxygen delivery to the brain known as obstructive sleep apnea. This lack in oxygen supply results in an inflammatory process producing brain damage. Some substances present in the blood seem to be associated to neurocognitive damage, like S100β protein, cortisol, interleukin 1-β,6 and TNF-α. In the other way, a substance called brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) enhances cognitive function, and memory consolidation improvement. AN  - NCT04882020 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Inflammation and Neurocognitive Damage Markers in Elderly People With Obstructive Sleep Apnea TI  - Inflammation and Neurocognitive Damage Markers in Elderly People With Obstructive Sleep Apnea
The Effectiveness of a Systemic Mindfulness-based Intervention Program in a Cystic Fibrosis Clinic; Hypothesis 6. CF is associated with severe neutrophilic inflammation of the airways. As mindfulness intervention has been shown to modulate immune system it may improve physical aspects of CF including markers of inflammation and markers of lung disease (lung function tests and rate of pulmonary exacerbations) and nutritional state. AN  - NCT02131857 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Effectiveness of a Systemic Mindfulness-based Intervention Program in a Cystic Fibrosis Clinic (Mindfulness) TI  - The Effectiveness of a Systemic Mindfulness-based Intervention Program in a Cystic Fibrosis Clinic
Effect of Preemptive Analgesia With Flurbiprofen Axetil on Perioperative Sleep Quality and Postoperative Pain in Patients Undergoing Sevoflurane Inhalation.; In humans and animals, circadian rhythm sleep cycle is an important function to maintain and regulate basic physiological homeostasis, such as cognitive function, glucose metabolism, memory consolidation, immune function and growth hormone secretion. The induction of general anesthesia leads to a state of reduced responsiveness, which is often described by anesthesiologists and patients as "sleep". However, previous studies have shown that in the case of patients under general anesthesia, besides surgery trauma and general anesthetics may change sleep function and sleep cycle perioperatively, the postoperative complications such as pain, nausea and vomitting etc after general anesthesia may also reduce postoperative sleep quality.Meanwhile, there is a mixed literature linking sleep and markers of systemic inflammation that greater sleep disturbances were associated with higher levels of circulating IL-6 and CRP but not TNF-α. And the effects of inflammatory cytokines may also cause changes in sleep patterns. Flurbiprofen axetil is a new non-steroidal anti infection analgesic(NSAIDs), which is widely used for analgesia to reduce the dose of opioids. It not only has a high affnity for infammatory tissues to achieve targeted drug therapy and prolonged duration of action, but causes analgesia effect through decreasing the biological production of prostaglandins, reducing the reactivity of peripheral nerves to endogenous infammatory factors, and inhibiting the sensitization of central as well as peripheral nervous systems.Furthermore, it could also inhibite the occurrence of adverse reactions, such as declined sleep quality, respiratory depression, nausea and vomiting. Preemptive analgesia is an analgesic intervention that begins before surgery to prevent the nervous system from becoming sensitive to subsequent stimuli that may aggravate pain. A large number of experimental studies have shown that the use of local anesthetics and/or analgesics in advance can prevent central nervous system hyperplasia, thereby reducing postoperative pain. The aim of our study was to investigate the effect of preemptive analgesic with flurbiprofen axetil on postoperative pain, inflammatory markers and sleep quality among patients under general anesthesia. We hypothesized that use flurbiprofen axetil preoperatively would effectively relieve postoperative pain, inhibite inflammtory reaction and improve postoperative sleep quality. AN  - NCT04611763 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effect of Preemptive Analgesia With Flurbiprofen Axetil on Perioperative Sleep Quality and Postoperative Pain in Patients Undergoing Sevoflurane Inhalation. TI  - Effect of Preemptive Analgesia With Flurbiprofen Axetil on Perioperative Sleep Quality and Postoperative Pain in Patients Undergoing Sevoflurane Inhalation.
A 3 Month, Randomised, Open Label, Parallel Group, Descriptive Study to Explore and Compare Perceptions and Satisfaction for Two Different Delivery Mechanisms for Etanercept (Etanercept Auto-injector and the Etanercept Prefilled Syringe) in Patients With Psoriasis.; Primary objective of this study is to compare patient satisfaction with the prefilled syringe (PFS) and the auto-injector (AI), two different delivery devices for etanercept after 12 weeks of use, using a 10 point scale form totally dissatisfied to totally satisfied.Secondary evaluation focus on the identification of patient and device attributes associated with patient satisfaction. AN  - NCT00482170 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Compare Perceptions and Satisfaction for Two Different Delivery Mechanisms for Etanercept TI  - A 3 Month, Randomised, Open Label, Parallel Group, Descriptive Study to Explore and Compare Perceptions and Satisfaction for Two Different Delivery Mechanisms for Etanercept (Etanercept Auto-injector and the Etanercept Prefilled Syringe) in Patients With Psoriasis.
A Randomised, Parallel Group, Double Blind, Placebo Controlled, Add on Clinical Trial to Investigate Whether the Lithium Mimetic, Ebselen, Can Reduce Symptoms of Hypomania and Mania in Bipolar Patients; This study evaluates the effect of a 'lithium like' drug called ebselen (SP-1005) versus placebo as an 'add on' treatment to help stabilise hypo/manic symptoms in bipolar disorder. Half of the participants will receive ebselen and the other half placebo. The trial, will last a total of four weeks. AN  - NCT03013400 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Ebselen as an add-on Treatment in Hypo/Mania TI  - A Randomised, Parallel Group, Double Blind, Placebo Controlled, Add on Clinical Trial to Investigate Whether the Lithium Mimetic, Ebselen, Can Reduce Symptoms of Hypomania and Mania in Bipolar Patients
A Multicenter, Randomized, Double Blind Study to Compare the Efficacy Between Cilostazol and Aspirin on White Matter Changes by Cerebral Small Vessel Disease; There may be a difference in efficacy of cilostazol and aspirin on progression of white matter changes in cerebral small vessel disease. AN  - NCT01932203 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Efficacy Study of Cilostazol and Aspirin on Cerebral Small Vessel Disease (Challenge) TI  - A Multicenter, Randomized, Double Blind Study to Compare the Efficacy Between Cilostazol and Aspirin on White Matter Changes by Cerebral Small Vessel Disease
Effects of Pregnancy-Specific Anxiety on Placental Inflammatory and Oxidative Stress Response and Birth Outcomes (MOMS Placenta); Explore the associations of prenatal maternal anxiety to placental histologic findings, and the pro-inflammatory, anti-inflammatory, and immunoregulatory cells found in the placenta and determine the effect of maternal anxiety on the association between placental molecular changes on pregnancy and birth and infant outcomes. AN  - NCT04993742 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effects of Pregnancy-Specific Anxiety on Placental Inflammatory and Oxidative Stress Response and Birth Outcomes (MOMSPlacenta) TI  - Effects of Pregnancy-Specific Anxiety on Placental Inflammatory and Oxidative Stress Response and Birth Outcomes (MOMS Placenta)
Clinical Effects of Esketamine Induction Intubation Versus Conventional Induction Intubation in ICU Patients: a Single-center Randomized Clinical Trial; This project aims to study the clinical effect of esketamine induction intubation and conventional induction intubation in ICU patients. AN  - NCT05464979 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Esketamine Induction Intubation in ICU Patients. TI  - Clinical Effects of Esketamine Induction Intubation Versus Conventional Induction Intubation in ICU Patients: a Single-center Randomized Clinical Trial
Analgesic Effect of Ultrasound Guided Caudal Block Versus Quadratus Lumborum Plane Block in Lumbar Spine Surgery in Adult Patients: A Double Blinded Prospective Comparative Study; One of the more recent techniques that has been described recently is quadratus lumborum plane block(QLB),that is posterior abdominal wall fascial plane block first described by Blanco in 2007.In this study we will compare between analgesic effect of ultrasound guided caudal block to that of ultrasound guided quadratus lumborum plane block as well as safety of both modalities in adult patients undergoing lumbar spine fixation surgeries. AN  - NCT06398600 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Caudal Block Versus Quadratus Lumborum Plane Block in Lumbar Surgery TI  - Analgesic Effect of Ultrasound Guided Caudal Block Versus Quadratus Lumborum Plane Block in Lumbar Spine Surgery in Adult Patients: A Double Blinded Prospective Comparative Study
Acute Myocardial Necrosis and Depression: Antiplatelet Effect of Reuptake Inhibition of Serotonin: The ANDROS Study; The benefits of SSRIs observed in depressive patients with ACS are related to an antiplatelet effect. AN  - NCT02463110 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Acute Myocardial Necrosis and Depression: Antiplatelet Effect of Reuptake Inhibition of Serotonin (ANDROS) TI  - Acute Myocardial Necrosis and Depression: Antiplatelet Effect of Reuptake Inhibition of Serotonin: The ANDROS Study
Impact of Preoperative Quadratus Lumborum Block on Recovery Profile After Laparoscopic Ventral Hernia Repair; Ventral hernia repair may be associated with significant postoperative pain. Pain is typically managed with intravenous (IV) and oral medications that come with their own risks, such as nausea, constipation, sedation, respiratory depression, increased bleeding, and/or kidney or liver dysfunction. The quadratus lumborum peripheral nerve block has been shown to produce anesthesia of the anterior abdominal wall in the T7 to L1 distribution. This study aims to evaluate if the addition of the quadratus lumborum peripheral nerve block (QLB) can improve pain scores, decrease the need for IV and oral pain medications, and/or speed the patients' return to normal activity. AN  - NCT03794882 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Impact of Quadratus Lumborum Block on Recovery Profile After Ventral Hernia Repair TI  - Impact of Preoperative Quadratus Lumborum Block on Recovery Profile After Laparoscopic Ventral Hernia Repair
The Effect of 28-day Simvastatin Administration on Emotional Processing, Reward Learning, Working Memory, and Salivary Cortisol in Healthy Volunteers At-risk for Depression; Simvastatin is being employed because it is a 'statin'. As a drug class, statins have broad anti-inflammatory properties. Low-level inflammation is thought to be a potentially important mediator of the effects of psychosocial stress (including loneliness) on affect and vulnerability to depression. In this study we are using statins as an experimental tool to investigate this relationship further. Statins are widely prescribed agents that are regarded as very safe and so are suitable tools in this context. We have selected simvastatin because it is one of the most widely used statins and has an excellent safety profile, being also available 'over the counter'. AN  - NCT04973800 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Simvastatin and Emotional Processing (OxSTEP) (OxSTEP) TI  - The Effect of 28-day Simvastatin Administration on Emotional Processing, Reward Learning, Working Memory, and Salivary Cortisol in Healthy Volunteers At-risk for Depression
Ketorolac for Analgesia followiNG Autologous Breast RecOnstructiOn; Sample Size: Available data provided estimates for average length of hospital stay and standard deviation. A minimally clinically significant difference of 1 day was decided on due to expert opinion. Based on a power of 80% and alpha of 0.05, and inflated to account for attrition and efficiency losses, a total of 50 patients (25 per group) will be required for this study. AN  - NCT03007381 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Ketorolac for Analgesia followiNG Autologous Breast RecOnstructiOn (KANGAROO) TI  - Ketorolac for Analgesia followiNG Autologous Breast RecOnstructiOn
A Phase 2a Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled Study to Evaluate the Safety and Efficacy of Tolfenamic Acid for the Treatment of Progressive Supranuclear Palsy; This is a 12-week study of oral tolfenamic acid vs. placebo in Progressive Supranuclear Palsy (PSP) AN  - NCT04253132 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Evaluation of Tolfenamic Acid in Individuals With PSP at 12-Weeks TI  - A Phase 2a Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled Study to Evaluate the Safety and Efficacy of Tolfenamic Acid for the Treatment of Progressive Supranuclear Palsy
Safety and Efficacy of the Treatment of Hospitalized Patients With COVID 19 Infection With an Inhibitor of IL-4 and IL-13 Signaling: A Phase IIa Trial; This is a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, superiority phase IIa trial to assess the safety and efficacy of dupilumab use in hospitalized patients with moderate to severe COVID-19 infection. Subsequently, we conducted a 1 year follow up study to investigate the occurrence of Post COVID conditions (PCC) in our study population through assessment of pulmonary function, symptoms, neurocognition and immune biomarkers to observe for any treatment group differences. AN  - NCT04920916 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Safety and Efficacy of Dupilumab for Treatment of Hospitalized COVID-19 Patients (SafeDrop) TI  - Safety and Efficacy of the Treatment of Hospitalized Patients With COVID 19 Infection With an Inhibitor of IL-4 and IL-13 Signaling: A Phase IIa Trial
Efficacy and Safety of Ticagrelor With Aspirin Dual Antiplatelet Therapy Combined With Intravenous Thrombolysis in Patients With Ischemic Stroke (TAPIS): a Multicenter, Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-parallel Controlled Trial; Early antiplatelet therapy is promising for further improvement of functional prognosis on the basis of intravenous thrombolytic therapy. The primary purpose of this multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-parallel controlled trial is to evaluate the efficacy and safety of the early dual antiplatelet therapy (within 6 hours of onset ) of ticagrelor with aspirin combined with intravenous thrombolysis in improving good functional outcome (mRS score 0-1) at 90 days inpatients with ischemic stroke. AN  - NCT06316570 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Ticagrelor With Aspirin Dual Antiplatelet Therapy Combined With Intravenous Thrombolysis for Ischemic Stroke (TAPIS) TI  - Efficacy and Safety of Ticagrelor With Aspirin Dual Antiplatelet Therapy Combined With Intravenous Thrombolysis in Patients With Ischemic Stroke (TAPIS): a Multicenter, Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-parallel Controlled Trial
Low-dose Rivaroxaban Monotherapy Versus Guideline Determined Medication Therapy After Left Atrial Appendage Occlusion: a Randomized, Open-label, Multicentre, Superiority Trial; Although LAAO was recommended by medical societies, previous patient-level meta-analyses have implied that compared with oral anticoagulation, LAAO had significantly more ischemic strokes, suggesting the inability of LAAO to prevent an ischemic stroke from sources beyond LAA. Will a combined strategy of LAAO and OAC further reduce the risk of stroke? The investigators hypothesized that a long-term low dose-Rivaroxaban (10mg daily) post-LAAO might be a potent supplement to the residue risk of ischemic stroke. AN  - NCT05960721 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Low-dose NOAC Versus GDMT After LAAO (RECORD-III) TI  - Low-dose Rivaroxaban Monotherapy Versus Guideline Determined Medication Therapy After Left Atrial Appendage Occlusion: a Randomized, Open-label, Multicentre, Superiority Trial
A 12-week Randomized, Double-blind, Multicenter Pilot Study to Evaluate the Effect of Etanercept 100 mg and 50 mg Weekly in Subjects With Ankylosing Spondylitis; The purpose of this study was to evaluate efficacy and safety of etanercept 100 mg (50 mg twice a week) compared with 50 mg once a week in adult subjects with ankylosing spondylitis (AS) and previous failure to usual practice therapies in Spain. AN  - NCT00873730 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study Evaluating Etanercept in Subjects With Ankylosing Spondylitis in Spain (Loadet) TI  - A 12-week Randomized, Double-blind, Multicenter Pilot Study to Evaluate the Effect of Etanercept 100 mg and 50 mg Weekly in Subjects With Ankylosing Spondylitis
Evaluation of Pain Sensitization in Rheumatoid Arthritis: Analysis on a Cohort of Tofacitinib Treated Patients; Pain sensitization is associated with neuroplastic changes in sensory pathways at peripheral and central levels. Interestingly, major mediators responsible for this neuroplasticity operate via a JAK/STAT signaling pathway, which is specifically targeted by new RA treatments. New drug targeting JAK/STAT signalling pathway have been recently designed for RA treatment, based on the implication of this pathway on the signaling of various cytokines implicated in the pathophysiology of RA, such as IL-6, IL-12, IL-23 and IFNs. Two Jak-inhibitors have been put on the market: Tofacitinib and Baricitinib. In randomized clinical trials, Tofacitinib have shown a remarkable efficacy on pain and other patient reported outcomes, suggesting a specific effect or jak-inhibitors on pain control. Recent data suggest that Jak-inhibitors could have a direct effect on sensory neurons. AN  - NCT03815578 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Evaluation of Pain Sensitization in Rheumatoid Arthritis: Analysis on a Cohort of Tofacitinib Treated Patients (TOPRA) TI  - Evaluation of Pain Sensitization in Rheumatoid Arthritis: Analysis on a Cohort of Tofacitinib Treated Patients
A Randomized Placebo-controlled Trial of Adjunctive D-Cycloserine and Accelerated Intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation for Emerging Adults With Suicidal Ideation; Research Question and Objectives: To conduct a 2-week double-blind placebo-controlled randomized clinical trial where 54 participants will be randomly assigned to one of two groups: 1) accelerated iTBS+D-Cycloserine, and 2) accelerated iTBS+placebo. The primary outcome of the study is performance on the Death/Suicide-IAT, a measure of suicide risk; however, we will also determine whether pairing stimulation with D-Cycloserine enhances the antidepressant effects of iTBS, reduces suicidal ideation in this population, and reduces the likelihood of engaging in suicidal behavior or having suicidal crises over the following six months. AN  - NCT06121284 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - iTBS+D-Cycloserine for Youth Suicide TI  - A Randomized Placebo-controlled Trial of Adjunctive D-Cycloserine and Accelerated Intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation for Emerging Adults With Suicidal Ideation
Ability To Achieve A Good Eular Response In Patients With Moderate-to-severe Active Early Rheumatoid Arthritis Who Satisfy The New Acr/Eular Classification Criteria Receiving Etanercept + Mtx In Real World Clinical Practice In Greece; This open-label, prospective, observational study will evaluate the clinical response to etanercept + methotrexate therapy in patients with moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis, as prescribed by the rheumatologist in a normal clinical setting in Greece AN  - NCT01558089 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Good EULAR Response In Patients With Early Rheumatoid Arthritis (EARLY RA) TI  - Ability To Achieve A Good Eular Response In Patients With Moderate-to-severe Active Early Rheumatoid Arthritis Who Satisfy The New Acr/Eular Classification Criteria Receiving Etanercept + Mtx In Real World Clinical Practice In Greece
An Open-label, Multicentre, Supplementary Extension Study of Etanercept in Subjects With Ankylosing Spondylitis; The primary purpose of this study is to evaluate the health care resource utilization and work status of patients with ankylosing spondylitis undergoing treatment with etanercept by comparing study evaluations with the baseline evaluations in the ASCEND (0881A3-402)(NCT00247962) study. AN  - NCT00410046 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Extension Study Evaluating Etanercept in Ankylosing Spondylitis TI  - An Open-label, Multicentre, Supplementary Extension Study of Etanercept in Subjects With Ankylosing Spondylitis
Mind Programme for Women With Breast Cancer: A Randomized Controlled Trial Testing the Programme´s Cost-effectiveness and Efficacy in Changing Psychological and Biological Outcomes; The Mind programme for cancer patients was developed by this project PI through the integration of ACT, mindfulness and CFT components specifically adapted to the needs of a cancer population. This intervention aims at improving well-being, preventing subsequent distress, and promoting adaptation to the disease and posttreatment period. A recent pilot study presented preliminary findings on this intervention, suggesting high acceptability and efficacy in improving self-reported psychological health in breast cancer patients undergoing Radiotherapy treatment. Nevertheless, this study's small sample size, methodology (inactive control group), and exclusive reliance on self-reported data limit the interpretation and generalization of results, creating an avenue for the optimization and further testing of the programme through more robust and reliable methods. The aim of this project is therefore to optimize the Mind programme taking into consideration the results from its pilot study and to conduct a Randomized Controlled Trial on the efficacy of the intervention in improving not only mental health outcomes but also biological markers, as well as on its cost-effectiveness, in women with breast cancer. The superiority of the Mind programme will be compared to a support group intervention through the analysis of changes in cancer-specific quality of life, depressive symptoms and anxiety severity, psychological experiences, and immunological and epigenetics markers related to mental health and breast cancer prognosis. All participants will receive the intervention that shows better results. AN  - NCT05642897 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Mind Programme for Women With Breast Cancer (MIND) TI  - Mind Programme for Women With Breast Cancer: A Randomized Controlled Trial Testing the Programme´s Cost-effectiveness and Efficacy in Changing Psychological and Biological Outcomes
Evaluation of Quality of Life Changes in Puerto Rican Subjects With Active Rheumatoid Arthritis Treated With Humira as Their First Anti-TNF Monoclonal Antibody (VIVIR); The primary objective of this study is to evaluate quality of life changes in Puerto Rican subjects with Rheumatoid Arthritis treated with Humira (adalimumab) as their first Anti-TNF Monoclonal Antibody. AN  - NCT00761514 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Evaluation of Quality of Life Changes in Puerto Rican Subjects With Active Rheumatoid Arthritis Treated With Humira (VIVIR) TI  - Evaluation of Quality of Life Changes in Puerto Rican Subjects With Active Rheumatoid Arthritis Treated With Humira as Their First Anti-TNF Monoclonal Antibody (VIVIR)
A Multicenter, Double-blind and Open Label, 4 Year Extension Study of Subcutaneous Secukinumab in Prefilled Syringes, Assessing Long-term Safety, Tolerability and Efficacy in Subjects With Moderate to Severe Chronic Plaque-type Psoriasis Treated With Either a Fixed Dose Regimen or on a Retreatment at Start of Relapse Regimen; CAIN457A2304E1 was an extension study to two phase III studies, CAIN457A2304 and CAIN457A2307 (core studies). This extension study planned to collect up to four years of long-term safety, tolerability and efficacy data of secukinumab in both the fixed interval regimen and the retreatment at start of relapse regimen. All subjects who completed the full study treatment period (52 weeks) in the cores studies CAIN457A2304 and CAIN457A2307 were eligible to participate in this extension study. In this extension study, the prefilled syringe (PFS) liquid formulation of secukinumab was used. AN  - NCT01640951 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - 4 Year Extension Study of Efficacy and Safety of Secukinumab in Patients With Moderate to Severe Chronic Plaque-type Psoriasis TI  - A Multicenter, Double-blind and Open Label, 4 Year Extension Study of Subcutaneous Secukinumab in Prefilled Syringes, Assessing Long-term Safety, Tolerability and Efficacy in Subjects With Moderate to Severe Chronic Plaque-type Psoriasis Treated With Either a Fixed Dose Regimen or on a Retreatment at Start of Relapse Regimen
Preventing Tuberculosis-associated Immune Reconstitution Inflammatory Syndrome in High-risk Patients: a Randomized Placebo-controlled Trial of Prednisone; Tuberculosis (TB) is the most common opportunistic infection amongst HIV-infected patients starting antiretroviral therapy (ART) in developing countries and thus the most frequent form of immune reconstitution inflammatory syndrome (IRIS). Paradoxical TB-IRIS occurs in 8- 43% of patients starting ART while on TB treatment and results in morbidity, hospitalisation, consumes health care resources and TB-IRIS may be fatal. We have previously demonstrated in a clinical trial that prednisone reduces morbidity when used for treatment of paradoxical TB-IRIS. This trial is a double-blind placebo-controlled trial of prophylactic prednisone (40mg/day for 2 weeks followed by 20mg/day for 2 weeks, started on the same day as ART) in patients with TB who are identified as being at high risk for paradoxical TB-IRIS (starting ART within 30 days of initiating TB treatment and CD4 < 100/μL). The trial will enroll 240 participants, randomised 1:1 (prednisone:placebo). The primary endpoint is development of paradoxical TB-IRIS, defined using international consensus case definitions. Secondary endpoints include time to IRIS event, severity of IRIS, quality of life assessment, mortality and corticosteroids adverse events. The trial is powered to determine a reduction in TB-IRIS events. AN  - NCT01924286 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Preventing TB-IRIS in High-risk Patients: a Randomized Placebo-controlled Trial of Prednisone (Pred-ART) TI  - Preventing Tuberculosis-associated Immune Reconstitution Inflammatory Syndrome in High-risk Patients: a Randomized Placebo-controlled Trial of Prednisone
Randomized, Double Blind, Pilot Study on the Effect of Intravenous Ibuprofen on Inflammatory Responses in Patients Undergoing Surgery With General Anesthesia: Correlation With Clinical Outcomes; This study is being done because the investigators wish to study ways to improve recovery after surgery. Injury, including surgical injury, causes inflammation. Inflammation is the body's attempt to protect itself and to start the healing process. Some surgical complications are related to the body's natural inflammatory response. Although mainly a healing response, inflammation can also have side effects which delay recovery. The investigators wish to determine the effect of a medication known as ibuprofen on recovery. You may know ibuprofen by the name Advil or Motrin. The medication will be given through the vein prior to the start of the surgery. Three blood samples will be taken, two while the patient is under anesthesia. The subject will be asked to complete several questionnaires. AN  - NCT01938040 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effect IV Ibuprofen and Inflammatory Responses TI  - Randomized, Double Blind, Pilot Study on the Effect of Intravenous Ibuprofen on Inflammatory Responses in Patients Undergoing Surgery With General Anesthesia: Correlation With Clinical Outcomes
Efficacy and Safety of Chuna Manual Treatment as an Adjunctive Therapy After Total Knee Arthroplasty: A Study Protocol for a Single-Center, Randomized, Assessor Blind, Parallel-Group Clinical Trial; Evaluate the efficacy and safety of Chuna treatment as an adjunctive therapy in patients with moderate pain following total knee replacement. AN  - NCT03625050 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Efficacy and Safety of Chuna Manual Treatment as an Adjunctive Therapy After Total Knee Arthroplasty: A Study Protocol for a Single-Center, Randomized, Assessor Blind, Parallel-Group Clinical Trial TI  - Efficacy and Safety of Chuna Manual Treatment as an Adjunctive Therapy After Total Knee Arthroplasty: A Study Protocol for a Single-Center, Randomized, Assessor Blind, Parallel-Group Clinical Trial
Clopidogrel With Aspirin in High-risk Patients With Acute Non-disabling Cerebrovascular Events II; The primary objective of this trial is to assess the effects of ticagrelor plus aspirin versus clopidogrel plus aspirin on reducing the 3-month risk of any stroke (both ischemic and hemorrhagic, primary outcome) when initiated within 24 hours of symptom onset in CYP2Y19 LOF alleles carriers with TIA or minor stroke. AN  - NCT04078737 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Clopidogrel With Aspirin in High-risk Patients With Acute Non-disabling Cerebrovascular Events II (CHANCE-2) TI  - Clopidogrel With Aspirin in High-risk Patients With Acute Non-disabling Cerebrovascular Events II
A Controlled Study to Compare the Effect of Regional Anesthesia by an Erector Spine Plane Block and Intravenous Infusion of Lidocaine on the Rate of Intravenous Morphine Use After Scoliosis Repair Surgery; The purpose of the study is to compare the effect of instillation of lidocaine (which is an analgesic and anti-inflammatory) or regional anesthesia using Erector spinae plane on the dose of morphine consumption, the intensity of pain, the side effects and the quality of recovery during the first 48 hours after surgery to repair scoliosis. AN  - NCT06451562 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effect of Regional Anesthesia or Intravenous Infusion of Lidocaine on Morphine Use After Scoliosis Repair Surgery TI  - A Controlled Study to Compare the Effect of Regional Anesthesia by an Erector Spine Plane Block and Intravenous Infusion of Lidocaine on the Rate of Intravenous Morphine Use After Scoliosis Repair Surgery
A Phase I Study of Lenalidomide in Combination with Dexamethasone in Anti-MAG Demyelinating Sensorimotor Neuropathy; Anti-myelin-associated glycoprotein (MAG) is a rare autoimmune disorder of the peripheral nerves that presents with weakness, gait imbalance, and loss of sensation. It almost always occurs in the setting of excess protein buildup in the body in the form of immunoglobulin monoclonal (IgM) gammopathy. Anti-MAG neuropathy currently has no established therapies. It is diagnosed through blood tests (anti-MAG and IgM), nerve conduction studies (which showed marked velocity slowing), and clinical exam findings.The efficacy of lenalidomide has been demonstrated in anti-MAG peripheral neuropathy with two separate dosing regimens: 25mg on days 1-21 of each 28 day cycle in conjunction with oral dexamethasone 20mg/day on days 1-4 of each cycle as well as at 5mg on days 1-21 of each cycle without oral dexamethasone. This phase 1 study aims to determine the maximum tolerated dose (MTD) of Lenalidomide in patients with anti-MAG neuropathy. We will explore preliminary efficacy and postulate that this drug is effective in this subset of patients, using preselected, specifically tailored outcome measures that encompass quality of life, neurologic function, serum protein levels, and focused measures of proprioception. AN  - NCT03701711 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Lenalidomide in Anti-MAG Neuropathy: Phase 1b Study TI  - A Phase I Study of Lenalidomide in Combination with Dexamethasone in Anti-MAG Demyelinating Sensorimotor Neuropathy
Observational Study Of The Use Of Enbrel (Registered) (Etanercept) In Routine Clinical Practice To Treat Ankylosing Spondylitis (as) Patients: An Effectiveness, Safety, And Health Economic Evaluation; This study aims to provide a holistic assessment of patients receiving etanercept in a real-world setting. AN  - NCT00544557 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study Evaluating The Use Of Etanercept In Patients With Ankylosing Spondylitis TI  - Observational Study Of The Use Of Enbrel (Registered) (Etanercept) In Routine Clinical Practice To Treat Ankylosing Spondylitis (as) Patients: An Effectiveness, Safety, And Health Economic Evaluation
Targeting a Genetic Mutation in Glycine Metabolism With D-cycloserine; The investigators also hypothesize that DCS will improve clinical and cognitive functioning, will partially normalize decreased baseline glycine and GABA and increased glutamate and glutamine, and will partially normalize magnocellular pathway activation and abnormal evoked potentials. AN  - NCT02304432 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Targeting a Genetic Mutation in Glycine Metabolism With D-cycloserine (DCS) TI  - Targeting a Genetic Mutation in Glycine Metabolism With D-cycloserine
A Multicenter, Open-Label, Prospective Study to Evaluate the Effectiveness and Safety of Etanercept in the Treatment of Subjects With Psoriasis; The purpose of this multicenter, open-label, prospective study is to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of etanercept in the treatment of subjects with psoriasis. AN  - NCT00111111 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - An Evaluation of Etanercept in the Treatment of Subjects With Psoriasis TI  - A Multicenter, Open-Label, Prospective Study to Evaluate the Effectiveness and Safety of Etanercept in the Treatment of Subjects With Psoriasis
The BrainDrugs-Epilepsy Study: A Prospective Open-label Cohort Precision Medicine Study in Epilepsy; 2. Predict a second epileptic seizure/epilepsy diagnosis and behavioral, cognitive, psychiatric dysfunction and quality of life in patients after a first epileptic seizure (Cohort I). AN  - NCT05450822 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Precision Medicine in the Treatment of Epilepsy (BDE) TI  - The BrainDrugs-Epilepsy Study: A Prospective Open-label Cohort Precision Medicine Study in Epilepsy
The Effect of Pre-emptive Oral Melatonin Versus Placebo on Postoperative Analgesia in Infants After Thoracotomy for Closed Cardiac Surgeries: A Randomized Controlled Study.; Opioids are the most commonly used analgesics to manage postoperative pain; however, they have many possible unfavorable side effects, such as nausea, vomiting, pruritus, and respiratory depression. (3) Melatonin is an endogenous indoleamine secreted by the pineal gland. It has several important physiological functions, including regulation of the circadian rhythms, modulation of season changes, antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and anticonvulsant effects. (4) AN  - NCT05141344 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effect of Oral Melatonin on Postoperative Analgesia After Thoracotomy in Infants TI  - The Effect of Pre-emptive Oral Melatonin Versus Placebo on Postoperative Analgesia in Infants After Thoracotomy for Closed Cardiac Surgeries: A Randomized Controlled Study.
Co-SAM: An Adaptive Multi-arm Trial to Improve Clinical Outcomes Among Children Recovering From Complicated Severe Acute Malnutrition; Malnutrition underlies 45% of child deaths, and has far-reaching educational, economic and health consequences. Severe acute malnutrition (SAM) affects 17 million children globally and is the most life-threatening form of malnutrition. Community-based management of acute malnutrition using ready-to-use therapeutic food (RUTF) has transformed outcomes for children with uncomplicated SAM, but those presenting with poor appetite or medical complications (categorised as having 'complicated' SAM) require hospitalisation. Data show that pneumonia, diarrhoea and malaria are leading causes of death in children with complicated SAM after discharge from hospital. High risk of infectious deaths suggests that sustained antimicrobial interventions may reduce mortality following discharge from hospital. Furthermore, children with complicated SAM respond less well to nutritional rehabilitation, and oftentimes are discharged to a home environment characterised by poverty and multiple caregiver vulnerabilities including depression, low decision making autonomy, lack of social support, gender-restricted family relations, and competing demands on scarce resources. Caregivers have to navigate diverse challenges that impede engagement with clinical care after discharge from hospital. The objective is to address the biological and social determinants of multimorbidity in children with complicated SAM by developing multimodal packages of interventions and testing them in a 5-arm adaptive randomized controlled clinical trial, with death/hospitalization or failed nutritional recovery as the primary outcome. AN  - NCT05994742 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - An Adaptive Multi-arm Trial to Improve Clinical Outcomes Among Children Recovering From Complicated SAM (Co-SAM) TI  - Co-SAM: An Adaptive Multi-arm Trial to Improve Clinical Outcomes Among Children Recovering From Complicated Severe Acute Malnutrition
Single Dose of Antenatal Corticosteroids (SNACS) Randomized Controlled Trial for Pregnancies At Risk of Preterm Delivery: to Keep Babies and Children Safe; The investigators plan to conduct a randomized controlled trial to determine whether half the usual dose (12 mg in Canada, or 11.4 mg in Australia) of Celestone is non-inferior to the standard double doses. AN  - NCT05114096 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Single Dose of Antenatal Corticosteroids for Pregnancies At Risk of Preterm Delivery (SNACS) (SNACS) TI  - Single Dose of Antenatal Corticosteroids (SNACS) Randomized Controlled Trial for Pregnancies At Risk of Preterm Delivery: to Keep Babies and Children Safe
A Phase 2, Multicentre, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Dose Escalating Trial of the Safety, Pharmacokinetics, and Biological Activity of 3 Consecutive Daily Doses of Serp-1 When Added to Conventional Therapy in Patients With Acute Coronary Syndromes (Non ST-Elevation Myocardial Infarction and/or Unstable Angina); Males and females aged 18-80 years who present with ACS (unstable angina and non ST-elevation MI) defined as one or more episodes of angina lasting at least 5 minutes in the last 24 hours before admission and greater than 0.05 mV of presumed new ST-segment depression in at least 2 contiguous ECG leads OR, angina and per confirmatory angiogram, has been scheduled for percutaneous coronary angioplasty. The primary objective of this study is to evaluate the safety of Serp-1 injection when administered in 3 daily doses to patients undergoing conventional therapy for Acute Coronary Syndrome (ACS) requiring early intervention. AN  - NCT00243308 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Serp-1 for the Treatment of Acute Coronary Syndrome TI  - A Phase 2, Multicentre, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Dose Escalating Trial of the Safety, Pharmacokinetics, and Biological Activity of 3 Consecutive Daily Doses of Serp-1 When Added to Conventional Therapy in Patients With Acute Coronary Syndromes (Non ST-Elevation Myocardial Infarction and/or Unstable Angina)
Double-blind Placebo-controlled Clinical Trial of Ginger (Zingiber Officinale) Addition in the Obesity Treatment and Improvement Behavioral Profile; - to evaluate the effect of ginger on behavioral symptoms and peripheral biomarkers in overweight subjects. AN  - NCT02742194 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Ginger Capsules for the Chronic Treatment of Obesity TI  - Double-blind Placebo-controlled Clinical Trial of Ginger (Zingiber Officinale) Addition in the Obesity Treatment and Improvement Behavioral Profile
A Double-Blind, Randomized, Parallel-Group, Active-Control Study to Compare the Efficacy and Safety of CHS-0214 Versus Enbrel in Subjects With Chronic Plaque Psoriasis (RaPsOdy); This is a two part study comparing CHS-0214 to Enbrel in patients with chronic plaque PsO who have not yet received any biologic therapy for any indication (other than insulin or hormones). AN  - NCT02134210 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Comparison of CHS-0214 to Enbrel (Etanercept) in Patients With Chronic Plaque Psoriasis (PsO) TI  - A Double-Blind, Randomized, Parallel-Group, Active-Control Study to Compare the Efficacy and Safety of CHS-0214 Versus Enbrel in Subjects With Chronic Plaque Psoriasis (RaPsOdy)
12-month Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled, Pharmacological Clinical Trial to Evaluate the Effectiveness, Cost-utility and Neurobiological Effects of Low-dose Naltrexone in Patients With Fibromyalgia (INNOVA Project); Main outcome measure: Pain severity using Ecological Momentary Assessment. Secondary outcomes: functionality, affective symptoms, fibrofog, quality of life. Costs and QALYs will be also calculated. Biomarkers: 50% of the patients will be scanned at baseline and at week 12 for changes in brain metabolites related to neuroinflammation and central sensitization. Immune-inflammatory markers in serum will also be evaluated. AN  - NCT04739995 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Cost-utility and Physiological Effects of LDN in Patients With Fibromyalgia (INNOVA) TI  - 12-month Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled, Pharmacological Clinical Trial to Evaluate the Effectiveness, Cost-utility and Neurobiological Effects of Low-dose Naltrexone in Patients With Fibromyalgia (INNOVA Project)
A Phase 4, Single Arm, Open-Label, 52-Week, Multicenter Study to Evaluate the Safety and Efficacy of Ustekinumab (STELARA), an Anti-Interleukin-12/23 Monoclonal Antibody, in Chinese Participants With Moderately to Severely Active Crohn's Disease; The purpose of this study is to evaluate the clinical and endoscopic efficacy and safety of ustekinumab in Chinese participants with moderately to severely active Crohn's disease. AN  - NCT05029921 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study of Ustekinumab (STELARA) in Chinese Participants With Moderately to Severely Active Crohn's Disease TI  - A Phase 4, Single Arm, Open-Label, 52-Week, Multicenter Study to Evaluate the Safety and Efficacy of Ustekinumab (STELARA), an Anti-Interleukin-12/23 Monoclonal Antibody, in Chinese Participants With Moderately to Severely Active Crohn's Disease
The Effect of Doxapram Versus Theophylline on Diaphragmatic Function and Weaning From Mechanical Ventilation After Open Heart Surgery; Value of theophylline to stimulate the respiratory neuronal network has been examined by previous studies and increases the activity of respiratory muscles, including the intercostal , transversus abdominis muscles and the diaphragm, it also has bronchodilator and anti-inflammatory effects. AN  - NCT03894189 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Effect of Doxapram Versus Theophylline on Diaphragmatic Function TI  - The Effect of Doxapram Versus Theophylline on Diaphragmatic Function and Weaning From Mechanical Ventilation After Open Heart Surgery
A Phase 3, Multicenter, Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled Study Evaluating the Efficacy and Safety of Ustekinumab in the Treatment of Anti-TNF Alpha Naive Subjects With Active Radiographic Axial Spondyloarthritis; The purpose of this study is to assess the efficacy of ustekinumab, in adult participants with active radiographic axial spondyloarthritis (AxSpA), who are naive to anti-TNF alpha agents, as measured by the reduction in signs and symptoms of radiographic AxSpA. AN  - NCT02437162 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Ustekinumab in the Treatment of Anti-TNFα Naive Participants With Active Radiographic Axial Spondyloarthritis TI  - A Phase 3, Multicenter, Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled Study Evaluating the Efficacy and Safety of Ustekinumab in the Treatment of Anti-TNF Alpha Naive Subjects With Active Radiographic Axial Spondyloarthritis
Efficacy of Palmitoylethanolamide, in add-on to Standard Therapy, on Inflammatory Markers of Patients With Interstitial Pneumonia Due to COVID-19. A Pilot Controlled, Randomized, Open Lable Clinical Study; A possible intervention is represented by Palmitoylethanolamide (PEA), an endogenous molecule of the N-acylethanolamine family synthesized "on demand" in response to "stress factors" to restore tissue homeostasis, able to control mast cells and microglia uncontrolled activation. Experimental evidence in vitro and in vivo demonstrated the anti-inflammatory and neuroprotective effect of micronized and ultra-micronized PEA (mPEA and umPEA), confirmed in various clinical investigations conducted in patients with different pathological conditions. The aim of this study is to investigate the efficacy of a compound containing mPEA + umPEA on peripheral inflammatory markers, neuroinflammation, and others clinical parameters in intensive care patients with COVID-19 interstitial pneumonia. AN  - NCT04568876 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Micronized and Ultramicronized Palmitoylethanolamide in COVID-19 Patients TI  - Efficacy of Palmitoylethanolamide, in add-on to Standard Therapy, on Inflammatory Markers of Patients With Interstitial Pneumonia Due to COVID-19. A Pilot Controlled, Randomized, Open Lable Clinical Study
A Randomized Controlled Trial With Rituximab for Psychotic Disorder in Adults; Family member(s) to the patient and the patient (separate) will be asked to participate in a qualitative interview by an independent researcher after 3 months. AN  - NCT05622201 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Randomized Controlled Trial With Rituximab for Psychotic Disorder in Adults (RCT-RITS) TI  - A Randomized Controlled Trial With Rituximab for Psychotic Disorder in Adults
"The Effect of Memantine on the Prevention and Amelioration of Paclitaxel-induced Toxicity in Breast Cancer Patients"; Cancer is currently a leading cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide. Chemotherapeutic agents, despite being effective in arresting the progression of cancer by targeting and eliminating rapidly dividing cancer cells, are associated with various adverse effects. Chemotherapy-induced peripheral neuropathy (CIPN) is a serious clinical adverse effect of certain chemotherapeutic agents. For many patients, CIPN symptoms could be severe, disabling, and significantly impairing the activities of daily living (ADL) and diminishing the quality of life (QoL). Paclitaxel-induced peripheral neuropathy may affect up to 97% of paclitaxel-treated patients and become chronic in more than 60% of cases. The initial symptoms of paclitaxel-induced peripheral neuropathy (PIPN) include numbness, tingling, and allodynia (painful sensations in response to normally non-painful stimuli) that can be manifested in the patient's fingers and toes within 24-72 h post-injection. These symptoms may later progress to affect the patient's lower leg and wrists in a "glove and stocking" pattern. Symptoms typically begin distally and continue proximally as the situation worsens. Memantine is a non-competitive NMDA receptor antagonist that inhibits the prolonged influx of Ca2+, responsible for neuronal excitotoxicity while maintaining the physiological NMDA receptor's function and avoiding psychotropic adverse events. Although memantine has been the main treatment option for moderate and severe Alzheimer's disease in the last two decades, numerous studies have investigated its other potential uses. Some studies showed that memantine diminished chronic pain in complex regional pain syndrome, phantom limb pain, and fibromyalgia. Most in vivo and in vitro studies attributed the neuroprotective effects of memantine to the blockade of NMDA receptors on neurons as well as inhibition of microglia activation with subsequent reduction of pro-inflammatory mediators' production such as extracellular superoxide anion, intracellular ROS, nitric oxide, prostaglandin E2, and TNF-α, and stimulation of neurotrophic factor release from astroglia. AN  - NCT06679387 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - "The Effect of Memantine on the Prevention and Amelioration of Paclitaxel-induced Toxicity in Breast Cancer Patients" TI  - "The Effect of Memantine on the Prevention and Amelioration of Paclitaxel-induced Toxicity in Breast Cancer Patients"
A PHASE 3 RANDOMIZED, DOUBLE-BLIND, ACTIVE-CONTROLLED, MULTICENTER STUDY OF THE LONG-TERM SAFETY AND EFFICACY OF SUBCUTANEOUS ADMINISTRATION OF TANEZUMAB IN JAPANESE ADULT SUBJECTS WITH CHRONIC LOW BACK PAIN; This study will investigate the long-term safety and efficacy of a fixed dose of tanezumab 5 mg and 10 mg administered subcutaneously (SC) seven times at 8 week intervals. The primary objective of this study is to evaluate the long term safety of tanezumab 5 mg and 10 mg administrated SC every 8 weeks (7 administrations). In addition, the study will evaluate the long term analgesic efficacy of tanezumab 5 mg and 10 mg SC administered every 8 weeks (7 administrations). AN  - NCT02725411 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Long Term Safety and Efficacy Study of Tanezumab in Japanese Adult Subjects With Chronic Low Back Pain (TANGO) TI  - A PHASE 3 RANDOMIZED, DOUBLE-BLIND, ACTIVE-CONTROLLED, MULTICENTER STUDY OF THE LONG-TERM SAFETY AND EFFICACY OF SUBCUTANEOUS ADMINISTRATION OF TANEZUMAB IN JAPANESE ADULT SUBJECTS WITH CHRONIC LOW BACK PAIN
TENecteplase in Central Retinal Artery Occlusion Study (TenCRAOS): A Randomized Placebo-controlled Trial of Early Systemic Tenecteplase Treatment in Patients With Central Retinal Artery Occlusion.; A Prospective, randomized-controlled, double-dummy, double-blind phase 3 multi-centre trial of TNK 0.25 mg/kg + placebo vs. ASA + placebo (2 arms with 1:1 block randomization). At all participating centers, ophthalmologists are involved in the diagnosis and visual outcome measurements using a standardized protocol. The patients will be promptly examined by the ophthalmologist. As soon as the CRAO is diagnosed by the ophthalmologist, the patients will be managed in the stroke unit during treatment, monitoring, and medical investigations. After treatment in the stroke unit, the patients will be re-examined by an ophthalmologist and a neurologist as an out-patient at (30 ±5) and 90 (±15) days AN  - NCT04526951 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - TENecteplase in Central Retinal Artery Occlusion Stuy (TenCRAOS) (TenCRAOS) TI  - TENecteplase in Central Retinal Artery Occlusion Study (TenCRAOS): A Randomized Placebo-controlled Trial of Early Systemic Tenecteplase Treatment in Patients With Central Retinal Artery Occlusion.
Evaluation of the Clinical Characteristics, Real-world Treatment Pathways, and Outcomes of Patients With Moderate Rheumatoid Arthritis; 2. To assess the change over time (from baseline to the most recent follow-up) in the characteristics described at baseline in 2 British Society for Rheumatology Biologics Register (BSRBR) cohorts (i.e. moderate RA patients treated with Disease modifying anti-rheumatic drugs (DMARDs) alone versus moderate RA patients treated with Enbrel). AN  - NCT01557322 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Characterize Patients With Moderately Active Rheumatoid Arthritis (RA) TI  - Evaluation of the Clinical Characteristics, Real-world Treatment Pathways, and Outcomes of Patients With Moderate Rheumatoid Arthritis
A Phase 3, Open-label, Randomized Study to Compare the Efficacy and Safety of Odronextamab (REGN1979), an Anti-CD20 X Anti-CD3 Bispecific Antibody Versus Investigator's Choice in Previously Untreated Participants With Follicular Lymphoma (OLYMPIA-1); - How the study drug affects quality of life and ability to complete routine daily activities. AN  - NCT06091254 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Trial to Learn if Odronextamab is Safe and Well-Tolerated and How Well it Works Compared to Rituximab Combined With Different Types of Chemotherapy for Participants With Follicular Lymphoma (OLYMPIA-1) TI  - A Phase 3, Open-label, Randomized Study to Compare the Efficacy and Safety of Odronextamab (REGN1979), an Anti-CD20 X Anti-CD3 Bispecific Antibody Versus Investigator's Choice in Previously Untreated Participants With Follicular Lymphoma (OLYMPIA-1)
A MULTICENTER OPEN-LABEL STUDY OF ETANERCEPT WITHDRAWAL AND RETREATMENT IN SUBJECTS WITH NON-RADIOGRAPHIC AXIAL SPONDYLOARTHRITIS WHO ACHIEVED ADEQUATE 24 WEEK RESPONSE; The purpose of this study is to study the benefits and risks of etanercept withdrawal in patients who have achieved a significant clinical response. AN  - NCT02509026 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Etanercept Withdrawal And Retreament Study In Subjects With Nr-ax SpA (RE-EMBARK) TI  - A MULTICENTER OPEN-LABEL STUDY OF ETANERCEPT WITHDRAWAL AND RETREATMENT IN SUBJECTS WITH NON-RADIOGRAPHIC AXIAL SPONDYLOARTHRITIS WHO ACHIEVED ADEQUATE 24 WEEK RESPONSE
Experimental Medicine Studies of Brain and Peripheral Immune Mechanisms for Sickness Behaviours in Patients With Rheumatoid Arthritis; The rationale for this study is to use immune molecule-specific drug treatment to leverage a mechanistic understanding of the brain changes that drive sickness behaviour. This will combine current therapy with innovative neuroimaging technologies to obtain data in humans that has hitherto only been available in animal studies. Data supporting the role of inflammatory molecules in sickness behaviours and other cognitive disorders are increasingly compelling. A putative mechanism linking inflammatory proteins to sickness behaviour is Tumour Necrosis Factor (TNF)-driven increases in extracellular glutamate leading to changes in neural function and brain network integrity and ultimately to sickness behaviour. Investigators hypothesise that TNF antagonism will effect changes in brain network connectivity and sickness behaviour score, that Rheumatoid Arthritis (RA) patients will show changes in brain network connectivity and glutamate quantification in the brain and that RA patients will show changes in monocyte infiltration into the brain that are correlated with changes in sickness behaviours. This is a randomised, placebo-controlled waiting list study. All patients will be eligible for anti-TNF treatment i.e. moderate to severe active disease as defined by Physician. Participants will be randomised to immediate (fast tracked) treatment or to treatment after 6-8 weeks (the routine waiting time). The latter group will receive placebo during the treatment phase. AN  - NCT05090124 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Experimental Medicine Studies of the Brain in Patients With Rheumatoid Arthritis REALISE (REALISE) TI  - Experimental Medicine Studies of Brain and Peripheral Immune Mechanisms for Sickness Behaviours in Patients With Rheumatoid Arthritis
Changes in the Use of Opioids, Antidepressants, and Benzodiazepines in Rheumatoid Arthritis Patients Treated With Biologic Agents; To compare the proportion of rheumatoid arthritis (RA) patients prescribed opioids, benzodiazepines, and antidepressants before versus after starting each of the following biologics: abatacept, infliximab, etanercept, adalimumab, utilizing an administrative claims database. AN  - NCT01137838 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Changes in the Use of Opioids, Antidepressants, and Benzodiazepines in Rheumatoid Arthritis Patients Treated With Biologic Agents TI  - Changes in the Use of Opioids, Antidepressants, and Benzodiazepines in Rheumatoid Arthritis Patients Treated With Biologic Agents
Predictive Elements of Trauma and Its After-effects: Importance of the Quality of Neurobiological Response to Stress; The investigators wish to identify relevant biomarkers of the mechanisms activated during intense stress and influencing the immuno-inflammatory and epigenetic spheres with deleterious consequences on physiological and psychological functions. AN  - NCT04530214 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Predictive Elements of Trauma and Its After-effects: Importance of the Quality of Neurobiological Response to Stress (LIFT-UP) TI  - Predictive Elements of Trauma and Its After-effects: Importance of the Quality of Neurobiological Response to Stress
Intra-discal Steroid Injection for MODIC I Discopathy: A Randomized Control Trial; Hypothesis: delivering anti-inflammatory drugs in situ may decrease back pain in patients with inflammatory discopathy AN  - NCT00804531 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Intra-discal Steroid Injection for MODIC I Discopathy (PREDID) TI  - Intra-discal Steroid Injection for MODIC I Discopathy: A Randomized Control Trial
Treat-to-target Strategy in Ankylosing Spondylitis Using Etanercept and Conventional Synthetic DMARDs, a Prospective Randomized Controlled Study; This study evaluates clinical responses and cost-effectiveness of using etanercept (ETN) and conventional synthetic Disease modifying anti-rheumatic drugs (csDMARDs) with treat-to-target strategy in ankylosing spondylitis patients. Half of participants will be used treat-to-target strategy with ETN and csDMARDs, while the others will be used conventional therapy scheme with ETN only. AN  - NCT04077957 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Treat-to-target Strategy in Ankylosing Spondylitis Using Etanercept and Conventional Synthetic DMARDs TI  - Treat-to-target Strategy in Ankylosing Spondylitis Using Etanercept and Conventional Synthetic DMARDs, a Prospective Randomized Controlled Study
Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled Study to Evaluate the Effect of Pro Resolve® Sports on Treatment of Patients With Symptomatic Knee Osteoarthritis; The primary endpoint was the change in pain from baseline to week 12. Secondary endpoints included the comparison in the change of pain, stiffness, and function according to the Western Ontario and McMaster Universities Osteoarthritis Index (WOMAC) between groups from baseline to week 12, the assessment of the constant, intermittent, and total pain according to OMERACT-OARSI score, the changes in health-related quality of life score measured by the EUROQoL-5 questionnaire (16) between both study groups, the use of rescue, and anti-inflammatory medication, and the incidence of adverse events (AEs) during the study. AN  - NCT05633849 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Evaluation of the Effect of Pro Resolve® Sports on Treatment of Patients With Symptomatic Knee Osteoarthritis (GAUDÍ) TI  - Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled Study to Evaluate the Effect of Pro Resolve® Sports on Treatment of Patients With Symptomatic Knee Osteoarthritis
Effect and Mechanism of Auricular Point Stimulation on Functional Dyspepsia With Sleep Disorder：a Randomized Clinical Trial; At present, the effective and safe treatment methods for FD with sleep disorder are still very limited. In recent years, auricular point pressing bean therapy has obvious advantages in treating FD with sleep disorder. This study plans to study the clinical efficacy and mechanism of auricular point stimulation on functional dyspepsia with sleep disorder. Provide more treatment methods and ideas for clinicians, popularize and apply green diagnosis and treatment methods, bring good news to more patients, and produce remarkable economic and social benefits. AN  - NCT06466044 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effect and Mechanism of Auricular Point Stimulation on Functional Dyspepsia With Sleep Disorder TI  - Effect and Mechanism of Auricular Point Stimulation on Functional Dyspepsia With Sleep Disorder：a Randomized Clinical Trial
Long-term Effects of COVID-19: a Comparative Cohort Study; This study is a longitudinal cohort study which investigates the effect of COVID-19 in ambulatory care. This study aims to assess the effect of COVID-19 beyond the acute phase, i.e. on long-term symptoms, respiratory and cardiovascular health, use of health services, and quality of life. AN  - NCT05002205 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Long-term Effects of COVID-19: a Comparative Cohort Study (CoCo) TI  - Long-term Effects of COVID-19: a Comparative Cohort Study
Phase 3 Randomized, Double-blind Study Of The Efficacy And Safety Of 2 Doses Of Cp-690,550 Compared To Methotrexate In Methotrexate Navie Patients With Rheumatoid Arthritis; This study is designed to compare the effectiveness of the experimental drug, CP-690,550, to methotrexate in preventing joint damage and improving symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis. This study will also compare the safety of CP-690,550 with methotrexate. AN  - NCT01039688 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Comparing The Effectiveness And Safety Of 2 Doses Of An Experimental Drug, CP-690,550, To Methotrexate (MTX) In Patients With Rheumatoid Arthritis Who Have Not Previously Received MTX (ORAL1069) TI  - Phase 3 Randomized, Double-blind Study Of The Efficacy And Safety Of 2 Doses Of Cp-690,550 Compared To Methotrexate In Methotrexate Navie Patients With Rheumatoid Arthritis
Comparison of Rigid and Non-Rigid Interbody Fusion Device for Cervical Degenerative Disc Disease in Adults - A Randomized, Prospective, Multicenter Clinical Trial; Rigid interbody fusion device in bulk configuration has been widely used in anterior cervical discectomy and fusion (ACDF) surgery. It is a randomized, prospective, multicenter clinical study to compare rigid and non-rigid fusion device in ACDF for cervical degenerative disc disease. AN  - NCT04550923 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Comparison of Rigid and Non-Rigid Interbody Fusion Device for Cervical Degenerative Disc Disease in Adults TI  - Comparison of Rigid and Non-Rigid Interbody Fusion Device for Cervical Degenerative Disc Disease in Adults - A Randomized, Prospective, Multicenter Clinical Trial
Manual Acupuncture vs Sham Acupuncture and Usual Care for the Prevention of Primary Dysmenorrhea: A Multicenter, Randomized, Controlled, Clinical Trial; Primary dysmenorrhea (PD) is a common complaint in menstruating women. Although nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug is an effective treatment, there are concerns about serious adverse events. Complementary therapies, including acupuncture, are commonly used for PD. Acupuncture has a low risk of adverse effects, while the evidence for the effectiveness of acupuncture in treating PD is inconclusive. Deqi and psychological factors are core concepts in acupuncture theory, but they have been largely neglected in primary dysmenorrhea clinical reports. The objective of this trail is to assess the clinical efficacy of acupuncture in the prevention of PD and investigate what factors will affect the efficacy of acupuncture.The results of this trial will significantly add to the current body of evidence on the role of acupuncture for PD. If found to be effective and safe, acupuncture will be a valuable treatment option in the prevention of PD. In additional, results from this trial will identify what factors will affect the efficacy of acupuncture. AN  - NCT02783534 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Manual Acupuncture for Primary Dysmenorrhea TI  - Manual Acupuncture vs Sham Acupuncture and Usual Care for the Prevention of Primary Dysmenorrhea: A Multicenter, Randomized, Controlled, Clinical Trial
Evaluation of Cognitive Effects Generated by Music Therapy for Older Adults With Cognitive Impairment Living in Care Homes - a Randomized Control Trial; In this RCT study, the investigator investigated the effect of 4-month music therapy vs Storytelling program for older adults with cognitive decline, living in care homes. AN  - NCT05856604 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Music Therapy for Older Adults With Cognitive Decline Living in Care Homes TI  - Evaluation of Cognitive Effects Generated by Music Therapy for Older Adults With Cognitive Impairment Living in Care Homes - a Randomized Control Trial
A 3-Month, Randomised, Open-Label, Parallel-Group, Descriptive Study To Explore And Compare Perceptions and Satisfaction For Two Different Delivery Mechanisms For Etanercept (Etanercept Autoinjector And The Etanercept Prefilled Syringe) In Patients With Rheumatoid Arthritis; The purpose of this study is to explore and compare the perceptions and satisfaction for two different delivery mechanisms for Etanercept (Etanercept Autoinjector and the Etanercept Prefilled Syringe) in patients with rheumatoid arthritis (RA). AN  - NCT00459706 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study Comparing Perceptions and Satisfaction for Two Different Delivery Mechanisms for Etanercept TI  - A 3-Month, Randomised, Open-Label, Parallel-Group, Descriptive Study To Explore And Compare Perceptions and Satisfaction For Two Different Delivery Mechanisms For Etanercept (Etanercept Autoinjector And The Etanercept Prefilled Syringe) In Patients With Rheumatoid Arthritis
The Effect of Ginger on Functional Dyspepsia Symptoms and Body Fat Content Among Patients With Functional Dyspepsia; 2. Does ginger intake decrease the body fat content among patients with functional dyspepsia? Dyspepsia patients will be asked to take 540 mg of ginger capsule twice a day. Researchers will assess if there is an improvement in the symptoms of the disease and the fat content. [ to see if gingers effect. AN  - NCT06313814 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Effect of Ginger on Functional Dyspepsia Symptoms and Body Fat Content Among Patients With Functional Dyspepsia TI  - The Effect of Ginger on Functional Dyspepsia Symptoms and Body Fat Content Among Patients With Functional Dyspepsia
A Two-Part, Randomized, Placebo-Controlled Study to Investigate the Safety, Tolerability and Pharmacodynamic Activity of JNJ-26528398 in Healthy Male Subjects Employing the Intravenous Endotoxin-Induced Model of Acute Inflammation; The purpose of this study is to evaluate the anti-inflammatory properties of JNJ-26528398 using an intravenous (IV) endotoxin-induced model of acute, transient inflammation. AN  - NCT01520142 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Safety, Tolerability and Pharmacodynamic Activity of JNJ-26528398 in Healthy Male Participants TI  - A Two-Part, Randomized, Placebo-Controlled Study to Investigate the Safety, Tolerability and Pharmacodynamic Activity of JNJ-26528398 in Healthy Male Subjects Employing the Intravenous Endotoxin-Induced Model of Acute Inflammation
A Double-Blind, Placebo Controlled Trial of Estriol Treatment in Women With Multiple Sclerosis: Effect on Cognition.; Approximately 50% of people diagnosed with Multiple Sclerosis (MS) will develop problems with cognition. Currently, there are no FDA-approved treatments targeting cognitive function in Multiple Sclerosis. This trial will ascertain whether treatment with an estrogen pill, used in combination with standard MS anti-inflammatory drugs, can improve cognitive testing as compared to treatment with a placebo pill in combination with standard anti-inflammatory drugs in women with MS. AN  - NCT01466114 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Estriol Treatment in Multiple Sclerosis (MS): Effect on Cognition TI  - A Double-Blind, Placebo Controlled Trial of Estriol Treatment in Women With Multiple Sclerosis: Effect on Cognition.
Ketamine for Treatment of Multiple Sclerosis-related Fatigue; Secondary outcomes of the study include other fatigue questionnaires, depression and sleepiness. The length of study will be around 28 days. AN  - NCT03500289 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Ketamine for Treatment of MS Fatigue TI  - Ketamine for Treatment of Multiple Sclerosis-related Fatigue
A Phase 3, Multi Site, Randomized, Double Blind, Placebo Controlled, Parallel Group Study Of The Efficacy And Safety Of 2 Oral Doses Of CP- 690,550 And 1 Subcutaneous Dose Of Etanercept In Subjects With Moderate To Severe Chronic Plaque Psoriasis; To evaluate the efficacy of CP-690,550 as compared to etanercept and the safety of CP-690,550 for treatment of moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis. AN  - NCT01241591 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Phase 3, Multi Site, Randomized, Double Blind, Placebo Controlled Study Of The Efficacy And Safety Comparing CP- 690,550 And Etanercept In Subjects With Moderate To Severe Chronic Plaque Psoriasis TI  - A Phase 3, Multi Site, Randomized, Double Blind, Placebo Controlled, Parallel Group Study Of The Efficacy And Safety Of 2 Oral Doses Of CP- 690,550 And 1 Subcutaneous Dose Of Etanercept In Subjects With Moderate To Severe Chronic Plaque Psoriasis
Comparative Effectiveness of Biologic Disease-modifying Antirheumatic Drugs and Small Molecular Inhibitors in Patients With Moderate to Severe RA: Prospective Observational Study; The objective of a multicenter prospective observational study is to compare effectiveness and safety of biologic disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs and small molecular inhibitors in patients with moderately to severely active rheumatoid arthritis patients who have had an inadequate response or intolerace to methotrexate. AN  - NCT04449224 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Comparative Effectiveness of Targeted Therapy in RA Patients TI  - Comparative Effectiveness of Biologic Disease-modifying Antirheumatic Drugs and Small Molecular Inhibitors in Patients With Moderate to Severe RA: Prospective Observational Study
A Pilot Nutrition Program for Spinal Cord Injury and MS: Effects on Inflammation, Cardiometabolic Health and Psychosocial Well-being; The purpose of this study is to determine the feasibility of a 12-week pilot community-based nutrition program for individuals with spinal cord injury and multiple sclerosis, and to determine the effects of the nutrition program on body composition, inflammation, neuropathic pain, depression and quality of life. AN  - NCT03977922 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Pilot Nutrition Program for Spinal Cord Injury and MS TI  - A Pilot Nutrition Program for Spinal Cord Injury and MS: Effects on Inflammation, Cardiometabolic Health and Psychosocial Well-being
The Effect of Cannabinoids vs. Placebo on Persistent Post-surgical Pain Following Total Knee Arthroplasty: A Multicenter, Randomized Pilot Trial; Medicinal cannabis has begun to emerge as a potential therapy for pain reduction, and produces effects largely due to 2 active components: (1) cannabidiol (CBD), and (2) tetrahydrocannabinol (THC). Studies of CBD have shown analgesic, anti-inflammatory, and anti-anxiety properties, but without the psychoactive effects (feeling 'high') that THC produces. This study will assess the feasibility of a definitive trial to explore whether adding CBD dominant vs. placebo to usual care before and after surgery can reduce the rate of persistent post-surgical pain after total knee replacement. This study will randomize 40 patients to receive either CBD dominant or placebo, and follow them for six months to confirm our ability to recruit patients, adhere to protocol, and capture full outcome data for at least 85% of patients. AN  - NCT03825965 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Cannabinoids vs. Placebo on Persistent Post-surgical Pain Following TKA: A Pilot RCT TI  - The Effect of Cannabinoids vs. Placebo on Persistent Post-surgical Pain Following Total Knee Arthroplasty: A Multicenter, Randomized Pilot Trial
Investigation of the Effect of Oral Use of Lyophilised Royal Jelly (Apis Mellifera) on Cognitive Functions and Inflammation-Related Immune System Cytokine Levels in Elderly Individuals: A Randomized Controlled Trial; Secondary outcome measures are serum interleukin-1β, interleukin-6, interleukin-10, tumor necrosis factor-α and transforming growth factor-β levels. AN  - NCT06404203 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Effect of Oral Use of Lyophilised Royal Jelly on Cognitive Functions and Immune System in Elderly Individuals TI  - Investigation of the Effect of Oral Use of Lyophilised Royal Jelly (Apis Mellifera) on Cognitive Functions and Inflammation-Related Immune System Cytokine Levels in Elderly Individuals: A Randomized Controlled Trial
A Phase 3, Randomized, Open Label Study Evaluating the Efficacy and Safety of Odronextamab (REGN1979), an Anti-CD20 x Anti-CD3 Bispecific Antibody, Versus Standard of Care Therapy in Participants With Relapsed/Refractory Aggressive B-cell Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma (OLYMPIA-4); - Comparing the impact from the study drug versus SOC on quality-of-life and ability to complete routine daily activities AN  - NCT06230224 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Trial to Learn How Effective and Safe Odronextamab is Compared to Standard of Care for Adult Participants With Previously Treated Aggressive B-cell Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma (OLYMPIA-4) TI  - A Phase 3, Randomized, Open Label Study Evaluating the Efficacy and Safety of Odronextamab (REGN1979), an Anti-CD20 x Anti-CD3 Bispecific Antibody, Versus Standard of Care Therapy in Participants With Relapsed/Refractory Aggressive B-cell Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma (OLYMPIA-4)
Effect of Intraoperative Lidocaine Infusion on Inducing Intestinal Motility and Surgery-induced Release of Pro-inflammatory Cytokines After Abdominal Surgery. A Prospective, Comparative, Randomized Double Blind Controlled Clinical Study; Lidocaine is an amide local anaesthetic and an antiarrhythmic agent, first synthesized in 1942, and after approval for human use was launched in 1948 in Sweden The first observations of post operative analgesic effects of perioperative intravenous lidocaine (IVL) were initially proposed in 1951 subsequently many more enthusiastic reports followed. Postoperative formal clinical evaluations in the perioperative setting were conducted in the late 1950s where IV Lidocaine was demonstrated to have a postoperative analgesic effect without posing the risk of respiratory depression, reducing the occurrence of postoperative nausea and vomiting (PONV), and enhance post-surgical recovery. IV Lidocaine also potentiated the depth of anesthesia and led to a better tolerance of endotracheal intubation.Around 40% of patients experience a delay in resumption of normal bowel function after colorectal surgery. This delay leads to symptoms of nausea, vomiting, constipation, and abdominal distension, which then require unpleasant supportive interventions such as intravenous fluids and nasogastric tube insertion. There is no remedy to address this delay. ALLEGRO, "A placebo-controlled randomized trial of intravenous Lidocainein accelerating Gastrointestinal Recovery surgery," is the latest ongoing multicenter research study across the United Kingdom, investigating the use of intravenous lidocaine to improve recovery after colorectal surgery AN  - NCT05541640 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Intraoperative Lidocaine Infusion and Surgery-induced Release of Pro-inflammatory Cytokines After Abdominal Surgery TI  - Effect of Intraoperative Lidocaine Infusion on Inducing Intestinal Motility and Surgery-induced Release of Pro-inflammatory Cytokines After Abdominal Surgery. A Prospective, Comparative, Randomized Double Blind Controlled Clinical Study
Whole Blood Immune Cells Characterization in Critically Ill COVID-19 Patients: A Prospective Study; The secondary end-point was to test the association with outcomes and other non-specific markers of inflammation as CRP (C reactive protein), PCT (procalcitonin), DDimers and ferritin. AN  - NCT04386395 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Immune Changes in Severe COVID-19 Pulmonary Infections (COVIDIMM) TI  - Whole Blood Immune Cells Characterization in Critically Ill COVID-19 Patients: A Prospective Study
A 24-week Two-armed Proof-of-concept Exploratory Analysis of Subcutaneous Ixekizumab Administration in Patients With Recalcitrant Non-infectious Intermediate, Posterior, Panuveitis, or Chronic Steroid-dependent Anterior Uveitis.; The objective of this study is to explore the efficacy of ixekizumab in treating patients with a diagnosis of non-infectious intermediate, posterior, panuveitis, or chronic steroid-dependent anterior uveitis who had failed treatment with a classic synthetic DMARD including methotrexate, mycophenolate, cyclosporin, azathioprine, cyclophosphamide and/or at least one anti-TNF agent including adalimumab, infliximab, etanercept, golimumab or certolizumab. AN  - NCT06085079 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Ixekizumab for the Management of Refractory Non-Infectious Uveitis: A Proof-of-Concept Study TI  - A 24-week Two-armed Proof-of-concept Exploratory Analysis of Subcutaneous Ixekizumab Administration in Patients With Recalcitrant Non-infectious Intermediate, Posterior, Panuveitis, or Chronic Steroid-dependent Anterior Uveitis.
Single Shot Lumbar Erector Spinae Plane (ESP) Block in Total Hip Replacement (THR): a Randomized Control Trial; It is postulated that single shot lumbar ESP injected at L1 level can 1) reduced post-operative pain score 2) reduced post-operative 24 hour opioid (fentanyl) use. This study is conducted in Tuen Mun hospital (TMH) and Pok Oi hospital (POH) in Hong Kong. Patient are recruited for the study during pre-anaesthetic assessment, and they are counselled for risk of general anaesthesia and erector spinae plane block (i.e. local infection/bleeding, injury to neighbouring structure, local anaesthetic toxicity). AN  - NCT04388553 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Single Shot Lumbar Erector Spinae Plane (ESP) Block in Total Hip Replacement (THR) TI  - Single Shot Lumbar Erector Spinae Plane (ESP) Block in Total Hip Replacement (THR): a Randomized Control Trial
Cognitive Decline and Underlying Mechanisms in Symptomatic Intracranial Atherosclerotic Stenosis Patients: A Multicenter Cohort Study; The purpose of this study is to explore the mechanism of cognitive impairment in patients with symptomatic intracranial atherosclerotic stenosis (ICAS), and further plans to explore the impact of different treatment options on cognitive function in symptomatic ICAS patients. AN  - NCT06336174 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Cognitive Decline and Underlying Mechanisms in Symptomatic Intracranial Artery Stenosis Patients: A Cohort Study TI  - Cognitive Decline and Underlying Mechanisms in Symptomatic Intracranial Atherosclerotic Stenosis Patients: A Multicenter Cohort Study
Treatment Research Investigating Depression Effects on Neuroimmune Targets (TRIDENT); The purpose of this randomized controlled trial is to understand how a cognitive-behavioral treatment (a form of psychological treatment) for depression changes the gut microbiome (micro-organisms that regulate the health of the gut), immune system, and the brain functioning in people living with HIV. AN  - NCT05136703 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Treatment Research Investigating Depression Effects on Neuroimmune Targets (TRIDENT) (TRIDENT) TI  - Treatment Research Investigating Depression Effects on Neuroimmune Targets (TRIDENT)
Pregnancy Cohort in Multiple Sclerosis (MS); Multiple sclerosis (MS) is a common inflammatory demyelinating disorder of the central nervous system frequently affecting females in their reproductive phase of life. In this prospective observational study, we obtain data on the outcome of pregnancies in MS patients and the influence of pregnancy on clinical, laboratory and MRI parameters in MS. AN  - NCT05010902 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Pregnancy Cohort in Multiple Sclerosis (MS) TI  - Pregnancy Cohort in Multiple Sclerosis (MS)
BIOpsychosocial Approach of the CAncer-RElated FAtigue; Although a multiplicity of factors are associated with the appearance of cancer-related fatigue, we do not know their respective share, nor the nature of their interactions. The phenomenon studied reveals complex and systemic interactions between the biological, psychological and social dimensions. Recent systematic reviews clearly identify 2 locks currently preventing a better understanding of the mechanisms of cancer-related fatigue: i) lack of longitudinal studies, ii) lack of interdisciplinary studies. It is precisely these two challenges that the BIOCARE FActory project wishes to respond to. AN  - NCT04391543 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - BIOpsychosocial Approach of the CAncer-RElated FAtigue (BIOCARE FActory) TI  - BIOpsychosocial Approach of the CAncer-RElated FAtigue
Short 3-week Antibiotic Treatment Versus 6 Weeks in Adults With Septic Arthritis of Native Joint: a Randomized, Open Label, Non-inferiority Trial; In France, the incidence of native joint infections is about 10 per 100 000 person-years, most commonly caused by S.aureus followed by b-haemolytic streptococci. French and international antibiotic guidelines, based on expert advice and retrospective studies, recommend intravenous antibiotics for two weeks, then oral for 4 weeks without evident link between intravenous, prolonged oral treatment and cure. Long term exposure to antibiotics increases bacterial resistance, a major problem of public health. Several studies show that serious infectious can be treated safely by a shorter treatment and with oral antibiotics. There is no randomized controlled trial to establish the duration of antibiotics in native joint infections. Moreover, no consensus prevails on the administration route and duration of antimicrobial therapy. Although most clinicians acknowledge the interest of oral antibiotics and shorter treatment duration, randomized controlled trials are necessary to evaluate this practice. The SHASAR project aims to evaluate whether a shorter antibiotic treatment (3 week treatment) is safe and not inferior to the conventional 6 week treatment in native joint infections. If successful, this would represent a major advance in terms of patients' quality of life; decreased rate of health-care-related infections and complications, bacterial resistance and cost. AN  - NCT03716921 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Short 3-week Antibiotic Treatment Versus 6 Weeks in Adults With Septic Arthritis of Native Joint (SHASAR) TI  - Short 3-week Antibiotic Treatment Versus 6 Weeks in Adults With Septic Arthritis of Native Joint: a Randomized, Open Label, Non-inferiority Trial
Work Productivity In A Cohort Of Employed Ankylosing Spondylitis Patients Treated With Etanercept; Patients with Ankylosing spondylitis more frequently discontinue work. This study measures the impact of Enbrel on work participation. AN  - NCT01421303 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Work Productivity in Active Ankylosing Spondylitis (AS) Patients Treated With Enbrel. (AS@WORK) TI  - Work Productivity In A Cohort Of Employed Ankylosing Spondylitis Patients Treated With Etanercept
A Phase I/IIA Study of ABC294640 Alone and in Combination With Hydroxychloroquine Sulfate in the Treatment of Patients With Advanced, Unresectable Intra-hepatic, Perihilar and Extra-Hepatic Cholangiocarcinoma; ABC-108 is a single-arm Phase IIA clinical study of ABC294640 (Yeliva ®, opaganib) alone and in combination with hydroxychloroquine sulfate (HCQ) in the treatment of cholangiocarcinoma (CCA). In Part 1 of this clinical study, all participants will be receiving ABC294640 and in Part 2 all participants will be receiving ABC294640 and HCQ to explore the drugs activity signal in CCA. The study drug, ABC294640 is an orally available inhibitor of the enzyme sphingosine kinase-2 (SK2). SK2 is an innovative target for anti-cancer therapy because of its critical role in sphingolipid metabolism, which is known to regulate tumor cell death and proliferation. ABC294640 also inhibits proliferation and induces apoptosis of cholangiocarcinoma cell lines. Furthermore, in a recent Phase I trial, ABC294640 demonstrated clinical activity in CCA patients. HCQ, is an orally available, FDA approved therapy for the treatment of malaria as well as discoid and systemic lupus erythematosus and rheumatoid arthritis. It is also known as an inhibitor of autophagy, a pro-survival mechanism utilized by many cancers. Evidence indicates that inhibition of autophagy can increase the therapeutic activity of ABC294640 in CCA. In Part 1 of this study, ABC294640 will be continuously administrated orally, twice a day, in 28 day cycles. In Part 2, ABC294640 and HCQ will be continuously administrated orally (the safe and tolerable will be determined in the study) in 28 day cycles. Administration of drug/s in both parts of the study will continue until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity or voluntary withdrawal initiated by the participants or physician. AN  - NCT03377179 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study of ABC294640 (Yeliva ®) Alone and in Combination With Hydroxychloroquine Sulfate in Treatment of Patients With Advanced Cholangiocarcinoma TI  - A Phase I/IIA Study of ABC294640 Alone and in Combination With Hydroxychloroquine Sulfate in the Treatment of Patients With Advanced, Unresectable Intra-hepatic, Perihilar and Extra-Hepatic Cholangiocarcinoma
Use of Biperiden as a Disease Modifying Agent After Traumatic Brain Injury: a Placebo Controlled, Randomized, Double Blind Study; There is no AED or medication that has been demonstrated to affect the development of post-traumatic epilepsy. Biperiden is a cholinergic antagonist, acting in the muscarinic receptor, that is widely used as an anti Parkinson drug. The investigators data with animal models of epilepsy indicate that anti-muscarinic agents might affect the natural course of the disease in the case of post-traumatic epilepsy. AN  - NCT01048138 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Use of Biperiden for the Prevention of Post-traumatic Epilepsy TI  - Use of Biperiden as a Disease Modifying Agent After Traumatic Brain Injury: a Placebo Controlled, Randomized, Double Blind Study
Radiographic, Clinical and Patient Outcomes in a Multicenter, Open Label Phase IV Randomized Trial of Earlier Adalimumab Introduction Therapy Versus Later Introduction as Per Standard of Care After Initial Methotrexate Failure in Early Rheumatoid Arthritis Patients; A Canadian study to evaluate early use of adalimumab after methotrexate failure in early rheumatoid arthritis. The study hypothesis will verify if adalimumab effectively reduces joint damage in more participants when introduced earlier than in current practice. AN  - NCT01162421 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Canadian Study to Evaluate Early Use of Adalimumab After Methotrexate Failure in Early Rheumatoid Arthritis (RADAR) TI  - Radiographic, Clinical and Patient Outcomes in a Multicenter, Open Label Phase IV Randomized Trial of Earlier Adalimumab Introduction Therapy Versus Later Introduction as Per Standard of Care After Initial Methotrexate Failure in Early Rheumatoid Arthritis Patients
TOTEM RRMS : TestOsterone TreatmEnt on Neuroprotection and Myelin Repair in Relapsing Remitting Multiple Sclerosis; As secondary objectives, we would like to study the impact of testosterone supplementation on other conventional and unconventional MRI parameters and on clinical outcomes (cognition, fatigue, quality of life, impact on work / activity and anxiety / depression). AN  - NCT03910738 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - TOTEM RRMS : TestOsterone TreatmEnt on Neuroprotection and Myelin Repair in Relapsing Remitting Multiple Sclerosis (TOTEM-RRMS) TI  - TOTEM RRMS : TestOsterone TreatmEnt on Neuroprotection and Myelin Repair in Relapsing Remitting Multiple Sclerosis
Cognitive Decline and Underlying Mechanisms in Asymptomatic Intracranial Artery Stenosis Patients: A Cohort Study; The purpose of this study is to explore the mechanism of cognitive impairment in patients with asymptomatic intracranial atherosclerotic stenosis(ICAS),and to examine the natural history and the pathogenesis of asymptomatic ICAS. AN  - NCT05504330 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Cognitive Decline and Underlying Mechanisms in Asymptomatic Intracranial Artery Stenosis Patients TI  - Cognitive Decline and Underlying Mechanisms in Asymptomatic Intracranial Artery Stenosis Patients: A Cohort Study
LIFE-HOUSE: A Lifestyle Intervention and Functional Evaluation - a Health Outcomes Survey; Individuals will be offered the opportunity to participate in all Umbrellas and Buckets for which they qualify. They may accept or reject participation in any Umbrella or Bucket and yet remain eligible for participation in the overall Tent. AN  - NCT04005456 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Personalized Lifestyle Intervention for Improving Functional Health Outcomes Using N-of-1 Tent-Umbrella-Bucket Design (LIFE-HOUSE) TI  - LIFE-HOUSE: A Lifestyle Intervention and Functional Evaluation - a Health Outcomes Survey
Survival With the Addition of Olanzapine to Anticancer Therapy in Patients With Locally Advanced, Unresectable or Metastatic Gastric, Esophageal, Hepatopancreaticobiliary and Lung Cancer: a Randomized Clinical Trial; This study aims to assess the impact of adding olanzapine to nutritional advice and standard anti-tumor therapy on the survival and safety of patients with locally advanced, unresectable or metastatic gastric cancer, esophageal cancer, hepato-pancreaticobiliary cancer, and lung cancer. Researchers seek to determine whether olanzapine can improve progression-free survival (PFS), overall survival (OS), and objective response rate (ORR) in advanced cancer patients who received standard anti-tumor therapy, and investigate the relationship between olanzapine-induced weight changes and patient survival. AN  - NCT06338683 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Survival With Olanzapine in Patients With Locally Advanced or Metastatic Upper Gastrointestinal and Lung Cancer TI  - Survival With the Addition of Olanzapine to Anticancer Therapy in Patients With Locally Advanced, Unresectable or Metastatic Gastric, Esophageal, Hepatopancreaticobiliary and Lung Cancer: a Randomized Clinical Trial
A Phase 3, Open-Label, Randomized Study to Compare the Efficacy and Safety of Odronextamab (REGN1979), an Anti-CD20x Anti-CD3 Bispecific Antibody, Combined With Chemotherapy Versus Rituximab Combined With Chemotherapy in Previously Untreated Participants With Follicular Lymphoma (OLYMPIA-2); - The impact from the study drug on quality-of-life and ability to complete routine daily activities AN  - NCT06097364 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Trial to Learn if Odronextamab Combined With Chemotherapy is Safe and Well-Tolerated and How Well it Works Compared to Rituximab Combined With Chemotherapy for Adult Participants With Follicular Lymphoma (OLYMPIA-2) TI  - A Phase 3, Open-Label, Randomized Study to Compare the Efficacy and Safety of Odronextamab (REGN1979), an Anti-CD20x Anti-CD3 Bispecific Antibody, Combined With Chemotherapy Versus Rituximab Combined With Chemotherapy in Previously Untreated Participants With Follicular Lymphoma (OLYMPIA-2)
A Sequenced Strategy for Improving Outcomes in People With Knee Osteoarthritis Pain; There is an urgent public health need to reduce reliance on opioids for effective long-term pain management, particularly in knee osteoarthritis (KOA). This effectiveness trial will compare commonly recommended treatments to reduce pain and functional limitations in KOA.These results will lead to improved patient selection for treatment and inform evidence based guidelines by offering well-tested, effective, non-surgical alternatives. AN  - NCT04504812 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Sequenced Strategy for Improving Outcomes in People With Knee Osteoarthritis Pain (SKOAP) TI  - A Sequenced Strategy for Improving Outcomes in People With Knee Osteoarthritis Pain
A Phase 3, Open Label, Randomized Study Comparing the Efficacy and Safety of Odronextamab (REGN1979), an Anti-CD20 × Anti-CD3 Bispecific Antibody, in Combination With CHOP (ODRO-CHOP) Versus Rituximab in Combination With CHOP (R-CHOP) in Previously Untreated Participants With Diffuse Large B-cell Lymphoma (DLBCL) (OLYMPIA-3); - The impact from the study drug on quality of life and ability to complete routine daily activities AN  - NCT06091865 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study to Compare How Well Odronextamab Combined With Chemotherapy Works and How Safe it is Against Rituximab Combined With Chemotherapy, in Patients With Previously Untreated Diffuse Large B-cell Lymphoma (OLYMPIA-3) TI  - A Phase 3, Open Label, Randomized Study Comparing the Efficacy and Safety of Odronextamab (REGN1979), an Anti-CD20 × Anti-CD3 Bispecific Antibody, in Combination With CHOP (ODRO-CHOP) Versus Rituximab in Combination With CHOP (R-CHOP) in Previously Untreated Participants With Diffuse Large B-cell Lymphoma (DLBCL) (OLYMPIA-3)
A Prospective Comparison of Continuous Intravenous Lidocaine Infusion Versus Placebo for Rib Fracture Analgesia; Therefore, the purpose of this study is to evaluate whether IV Lidocaine infusion can provide improved pain control as demonstrated by decreased OME consumption at 24 and 48 hours compared to placebo in adult patients with acute traumatic rib fractures. AN  - NCT04140396 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Continuous Intravenous Lidocaine Infusion Versus Placebo for Rib Fracture Analgesia TI  - A Prospective Comparison of Continuous Intravenous Lidocaine Infusion Versus Placebo for Rib Fracture Analgesia
Efficacy of Percutaneous Laser Disc Decompression Versus Epidural Steroid and Local Anesthetic Injection by Transforaminal Approach in the Treatment of Lumbar Radicular Pain; Lumbar radicular pain occurs due to inflammation and/or disc-radicular contact. Corticosteroids interrupt the inflammatory process, the transmission of pain signals via nociceptive C fibers and reduce capillary permeability. Along with the corticosteroid, a local anesthetic is also applied, which leads to immediate analgesia by blocking the conduction of painful impulses by blocking sodium channels. Percutaneous laser disc decompression (PLDD) is a minimally invasive method of treating lumbar radicular pain performed under local anesthesia under fluoroscopic control. The laser energy leads to the heating of the tissue of the nucleus pulposus, which leads to the evaporation of a small volume of water inside the disc. Viewing the disc as a closed hydraulic system, a small decrease in the water content within the disc leads to a disproportionate decrease in intradiscal pressure, which results in retraction of the herniated disc. Thermal energy leads to protein denaturation, which causes structural changes and thus prevents further retention of water in the disc, and a stable scar is created at the point of laser action. On the basis of current knowledge, an attempt is made to establish a link between inflammatory parameters as predictive and prognostic biomarkers in the treatment of patients with lumbar radicular pain caused by intervertebral disc herniation. AN  - NCT05601791 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Efficacy of PLDD Versus ESI in the Treatment of Lumbar Radicular Pain TI  - Efficacy of Percutaneous Laser Disc Decompression Versus Epidural Steroid and Local Anesthetic Injection by Transforaminal Approach in the Treatment of Lumbar Radicular Pain
Effect of Metformin on Chronic Pain After Thoracic Surgery in Diabetic Patients; Metformin has been found to have more and more functions as a commonly used hypoglycemic drug in clinic. It has been found that metformin has anti-inflammatory, anti-tumor and lipid metabolism regulating effects. Basic studies have shown that metformin as an adjuvant drug combined with gabapentin and tramadol is safe and effective in patients with neuropathic pain. Postoperative chronic pain as a common complication has seriously affected the quality of life and mood of patients after surgery.Some studies have shown that chronic pain after partial operation manifests as neuropathic pain. The effect of metformin on chronic pain after thoracic surgery in patients with diabetes mellitus was observed in this experiment, which was compared with patients taking insulin to control blood sugar. AN  - NCT04089813 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effect of Metformin on Chronic Pain After Thoracic Surgery in Diabetic Patients TI  - Effect of Metformin on Chronic Pain After Thoracic Surgery in Diabetic Patients
Cost-Effectiveness Analysis of a Virtual Reality-Assisted Hypnotherapy Program on Quality of Life in Patients with Chronic Low Back Pain: a Multicenter, Randomized, Prospective, Comparative, Open-Label, Parallel-Group Study; This randomized, prospective study aims to evaluate the effectiveness and cost-efficiency of a Virtual Reality (VR)-assisted hypnotherapy program on quality of life in patients with chronic low back pain. The study compares a VR-assisted hypnotherapy group to a standard treatment group. Both groups will undergo a conventional physical therapy program supervised by physiotherapists for 3 weeks (15 sessions). The VR-assisted hypnotherapy group will receive additional sessions utilizing the HypnoVR software, which delivers relaxing virtual environments. Outcomes will be assessed immediately after treatment, at 1 month, and at 3 months post-treatment. Primary endpoints include pain reduction measured by the Visual Analog Scale (VAS). Secondary endpoints include functionality, quality of life, anxiety, depression, sleep quality, healthcare costs, and treatment adherence. Statistical analyses will determine the efficacy and economic impact of this innovative therapy for chronic low back pain management. AN  - NCT06698354 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Cost-Effectiveness Analysis of a Virtual Reality-Assisted Hypnotherapy Program on Quality of Life in Patients with Chronic Low Back Pain: a Multicenter, Randomized, Prospective, Comparative, Open-Label, Parallel-Group Study TI  - Cost-Effectiveness Analysis of a Virtual Reality-Assisted Hypnotherapy Program on Quality of Life in Patients with Chronic Low Back Pain: a Multicenter, Randomized, Prospective, Comparative, Open-Label, Parallel-Group Study
The Impact of Mindfulness-Based Intervention on Psychophysical Health in Patients Undergoing Hemodialysis: An Experimental Study; Method: Repeated measures, randomized, control experimental design was used. A convenience non-probability sampling technique to select the sample from the hemodialysis unit in the Princess Haya Bint AL_Hussine Hospital. The participants who were eligible and agreed to participate were randomly distributed into experimental (n = 31) and control (n = 30) groups. During their hemodialysis sessions, the experimental group' participants practiced 30-minute mindfulness-based intervention; three times a week for eight weeks). The Mindful Attention Awareness Scale (MAAS), Depression, Anxiety, and Stress Scale - 21 (DASS-21), Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ-15), and serum blood levels (for tumor necrosis factor, interleukin-6, and C-reactive protein) were used to measure the dependent variables for both groups at baseline, after five weeks of the intervention, and at its end (eight weeks). AN  - NCT06064708 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Impact of Mindfulness-Based Intervention on Psychophysical Health TI  - The Impact of Mindfulness-Based Intervention on Psychophysical Health in Patients Undergoing Hemodialysis: An Experimental Study
Childhood Asthma Management Program; The purpose of this study is to evaluate the long term effects of anti-inflammatory therapy compared to bronchodilator therapy on the course of asthma, particularly on lung function and bronchial hyperresponsiveness, and on physical and psychosocial growth and development. AN  - NCT00000575 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Childhood Asthma Management Program (CAMP) Phases I (Trial), II (CAMPCS), III (CAMPCS/2), and IV (CAMPCS/3) (CAMP) TI  - Childhood Asthma Management Program
Altering The Transition From Acute to Chronic Pain (ATTAC-Pain): A Randomized Clinical Trial of Duloxetine for the Treatment and Prevention of Musculoskeletal Pain; Chronic pain is an enormous problem and there an urgent need to find both alternatives to opioid pain medications and medications that prevent pain from becoming chronic. The ATTAC-Pain (Altering The Transition from Acute to Chronic Pain) study proposes to examine whether duloxetine (a medication that is marketed for depression, anxiety, and specific types of pain conditions), can reduce acute and chronic pain among adults who come to the emergency department (ED)with muscular pain (such as neck pain after a car accident or low back pain). Investigators will enroll 60 patients who come to the ED. Patients will be eligible if they report moderate to severe muscular pain (such as pain in the back, neck, or shoulders). Consenting patients will be randomized to receive duloxetine 30mg, duloxetine 60mg, or placebo (2/3rd chance of being in one of the duloxetine groups). The study team will follow patients for six weeks and collect information on pain outcomes and use of pain medications. Investigators aim to determine if duloxetine can (1) reduce acute pain symptoms following the ED visit, (2) prevent the transition to persistent pain (having pain 6 weeks after the initial ED visit), and (3) decrease opioid use following a motor vehicle collision (MVC). The results of this study will ultimately help determine if duloxetine can be used as a non-opioid pain treatment option that reduces acute pain and prevents the transition to chronic pain. This in turn can improve recovery, reduce opioid use and its consequences, and decrease health care costs. AN  - NCT03315533 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Altering The Transition From Acute to Chronic Pain (ATTAC-Pain) (ATTAC-PAIN) TI  - Altering The Transition From Acute to Chronic Pain (ATTAC-Pain): A Randomized Clinical Trial of Duloxetine for the Treatment and Prevention of Musculoskeletal Pain
The Impact of Insomnia on Pain, Physical Function, and Inflammation in HIV; The overall objective of this application is to investigate the impact of insomnia on pain, physical functioning, and inflammation in people living with HIV. The two aims of this study to determine 1) whether insomnia promotes increased sensitivity and inflammatory reactivity to pain stimuli, and 2) if weekly fluctuations in insomnia burden drive changes in inflammation, pain severity, and physical functioning in people living with HIV. This research could help confirm insomnia as a therapeutic target for the suppression of pain and inflammation in people living with HIV. AN  - NCT04298658 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Impact of Insomnia on Pain in HIV (HIPPI) TI  - The Impact of Insomnia on Pain, Physical Function, and Inflammation in HIV
Efficacy of Scalable CBT for Insomnia in Older Adults With Osteoarthritis Pain; Osteoarthritis (OA) pain affects 50 percent of older adults, more than half of whom also experience significant sleep disturbance. This randomized trial will determine whether a telephone-based cognitive behavioral treatment targeting insomnia in older adults with chronic severe OA-related insomnia and pain results in substantially greater reductions in insomnia severity and in related improvements in pain, fatigue, mood, quality of life and healthcare costs compared to telephone-delivered education (attention control) about insomnia. The trial will test an intervention that if demonstrated to have long term efficacy is scalable and has the potential for wide-scale deployment in healthcare systems. AN  - NCT02946957 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - OsteoArthritis and Therapy for Sleep (OATS) TI  - Efficacy of Scalable CBT for Insomnia in Older Adults With Osteoarthritis Pain
The Effects of Early Harvest Extra Virgin Olive Oil on Cognition and Mental Health of Primary (PPMS) or Secondary (SPMS) Progressive Multiple Sclerosis Patients; To date, no drug therapy has been approved for primary (PPMS) & secondary (SPMS) progressive multiple sclerosis. The urgent need to find new therapies - if possible with minimal side effects - led us to the search for the potential therapeutic effects of early harvest olive oil. The positive effect of phenol-rich, flavonoid and lignin-based olive oil on the modification of intestinal microbe populations and their by-products of metabolism is well known, such as the extent of gut-associated lymphoid tissue immune-stimulation due to antioxidants, anti-inflammatory and immunoregulatory properties. The aim of this Greek, Randomized Clinical Trial, is to evaluate the effect of Early Harvest Extra Virgin Olive Oil on cognition and mental health of patients diagnosed with PPMS or SPMS. The patients will be evaluated once at the beginning of treatment, after 6 months of treatment and after twelve months of treatment, in order to specify the eficacy of extra virgin olive oil in holistic treatments for SPMS and PPMS AN  - NCT04120675 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Efficacy of Early Harvest Olive Oil in Cognition of Primary (PPMS) or Secondary (SPMS) Progressive Multiple Sclerosis TI  - The Effects of Early Harvest Extra Virgin Olive Oil on Cognition and Mental Health of Primary (PPMS) or Secondary (SPMS) Progressive Multiple Sclerosis Patients
Efficiency and Safety Study of Short-term Prednisone to Treat Moderate and Severe Subacute Thyroiditis; The investigators hypothesize that less adverse reactions will be observed, comparing with the guidelines recommend. The recurrence rate, adrenal insufficiency, temporary and permanent hypothyroidism aren't significant difference. AN  - NCT01837433 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Short-term Prednisone to Treat STA Study(SPTSS) (STA) TI  - Efficiency and Safety Study of Short-term Prednisone to Treat Moderate and Severe Subacute Thyroiditis
The GRK2 Inhibitor Paroxetine as a Novel Adjunct to Conventional Therapy in Rheumatoid Arthritis Patients.; Rheumatoid arthritis (RA) is a systemic chronic auto-inflammatory disorder which imposes a remarkable burden of morbidity and mortality on global health. The complex interaction between genetics, environment, and immunological response contribute to RA pathogenesis. Current treatment comprises conventional disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drugs (DMARDs) followed by biological DMARDs, if necessary, to achieve low disease activity or remission. Therapeutics used in RA had limitations in tolerability, access, and response duration and magnitude. Consequently, implementation of safe adjunctive treatment for RA is urgently needed to boost the therapeutic response. AN  - NCT06231745 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Paroxetine Safety and Efficacy in Rheumatoid Arthritis TI  - The GRK2 Inhibitor Paroxetine as a Novel Adjunct to Conventional Therapy in Rheumatoid Arthritis Patients.
Does Blocking Proinflammatory Cytokines Diminish Cancer-Related Fatigue?; PURPOSE: This phase II trial is studying how well infliximab works in treating cancer-related fatigue in postmenopausal women who have undergone treatment for stage 0, stage I, or stage II breast cancer. AN  - NCT00112749 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Infliximab in Treating Cancer-Related Fatigue in Postmenopausal Women Who Have Undergone Treatment for Breast Cancer TI  - Does Blocking Proinflammatory Cytokines Diminish Cancer-Related Fatigue?
Effect of a Perioperative Opioid Free Anaesthesia-Analgesia (OFA-A) Strategy on Surgical Stress Response and Immunomodulation in Elective VATS Lobectomy for NSCLC Lung Cancer: A Prospective Randomized Study; Lobectomy is a major, high-risk surgical procedure that in addition to one-lung ventilation (OLV) exerts a potent surgical stress response. An overwhelming immune cell recruitment may lead to excessive tissue damage, peripheral organ injury and immunoparesis. The effect of anesthesia on the immune system is modest, compared to the effects induced by major surgery. However, to an immunocompromised patient, due to cancer and/or other comorbidities, the immunosuppressive effects of anesthesia may increase the incidence of post-operative infections, morbidity, and mortality. Exogenous opioids have been correlated with immunosuppression, opioid-induced hyperalgesia, and respiratory depression, with deleterious outcomes. An Opioid-Free Anaesthesia-Analgesia (OFA-A) strategy is based on the administration of a variety of anaesthetic/analgesic and other pharmacological agents with different mechanisms of action, including immunomodulating and anti-inflammatory effects. Our basic hypothesis is that the implementation of a perioperative multimodal OFA-A strategy, will lead to an attenuated surgical stress response and attenuated immunosuppression, compared to a conventional Opioid-Based Anaesthesia-Analgesia (OBA-A) strategy. The aforementioned effects, are presumed to be associated with equal or improved analgesia and decreased incidence of postoperative infections compared to a perioperative OBA-A technique. AN  - NCT05172739 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Opioid Free Anaesthesia-Analgesia Strategy on Surgical Stress and Immunomodulation in Elective VATS-Lobectomy for NSCLC TI  - Effect of a Perioperative Opioid Free Anaesthesia-Analgesia (OFA-A) Strategy on Surgical Stress Response and Immunomodulation in Elective VATS Lobectomy for NSCLC Lung Cancer: A Prospective Randomized Study
A Prospective Cohort Study of Predictors and Prognostic Factors on the Acute Ischemic Stroke; Through 5 years continuous observation of acute ischemic stroke patients in Neurology Department of Tongji Hospital, Tongji Medical College of Huazhong University of Science and Technology, clinical data about emergency treatment (neurological score, examination and treatment), medical data after admission (neurological score, inspection, examination and treatment) and long-term prognosis (neurological score) was collected. The outcomes were set as the score scale, all blood test index and examination index of the research objects at specific period after illness. Through statistical analysis and comparison of different in-hospital clinical data in predicting the outcome of the patients, our study will provide more evidence-based solutions for the treatment and prediction of acute ischemic stroke. AN  - NCT03122002 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Predictors and Prognostic Factors on the Acute Ischemic Stroke TI  - A Prospective Cohort Study of Predictors and Prognostic Factors on the Acute Ischemic Stroke
The Supplementation Therapy in Autism and Response to Treatment (START) Study; The trial will unfold through one screening visit, one baseline visit, and two follow-up visits (FUP, 4 weeks and 12 weeks apart). The patient will be administered standardized interviews by a qualified investigating physician; clinical objective examination, collection of blood and urine samples for standard hematochemical investigations, collection of blood and stool samples for analysis of some biological markers of interest, monitoring of adherence to therapy intake, side effects, and adverse effects will also be performed during the follow-up visits. The nutraceutical PEA will be dispensed by the clinical investigators at each follow-up visit. AN  - NCT06187090 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Supplementation Therapy in Autism and Response to Treatment Study (START) TI  - The Supplementation Therapy in Autism and Response to Treatment (START) Study
ACTIV-6: COVID-19 Outpatient Randomized Trial to Evaluate Efficacy of Repurposed Medications; Prior and current drug arms are listed on clinicaltrials.gov and will be updated with the activation of any new drug arms. This protocol was originally registered under NCT04885530. Per recent guidance on reporting master protocol research programs (MPRPs), a separate record for Arm C was created. AN  - NCT05736874 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - ACTIV-6: COVID-19 Study of Repurposed Medications - Arm C (Fluticasone) TI  - ACTIV-6: COVID-19 Outpatient Randomized Trial to Evaluate Efficacy of Repurposed Medications
Investigating the Efficacy of Ergothioneine to Delay Cognitive Decline in Mild Cognitively Impaired Subjects; Based on the ability of ET to counteract the underlying pathology of AD dementia, it is hypothesize that ET supplementation may prevent cognitive decline, especially in individuals at risk of cognitive impairment. This will be assessed using a randomized, double blinded, placebo-controlled, intervention study to test the ability of ET to delay or reverse cognitive impairment in elderly individuals with mild cognitive impairment. AN  - NCT03641404 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Investigating the Efficacy of Ergothioneine to Delay Cognitive Decline TI  - Investigating the Efficacy of Ergothioneine to Delay Cognitive Decline in Mild Cognitively Impaired Subjects
OsteopaThic, logopedIc and Psychological Assessment To Improve Outcome in pAtieNts undergoIng Cardiac Surgery: a Randomized Clinical Trial (TITANIC Trial); The aim of the present study is to demonstrate the superiority of a multifunctional approach (OMT, systematic swallowing screening and specific treatment according to good clinical practice associated with psychological counseling) compared to local clinical practice in the management of pain and swallowing disorders. AN  - NCT05824598 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Multifunctional Approach in Cardiac Surgery (TITANIC) TI  - OsteopaThic, logopedIc and Psychological Assessment To Improve Outcome in pAtieNts undergoIng Cardiac Surgery: a Randomized Clinical Trial (TITANIC Trial)
Effect of Sarilumab on Patient-reported Outcomes in Patients With Moderately to Severely Active Rheumatoid Arthritis and With Inadequate Response or Intolerance to Current Conventional Synthetic DMARDs or Tumor Necrosis Factor Inhibitors; - To assess the safety of sarilumab in combination with csDMARD and/or monotherapy in participants with moderately to severely active RA and inadequate response or intolerance to current csDMARD or TNF inhibitors. AN  - NCT03449758 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effect of Sarilumab on Patient-reported Outcomes in Patients With Active Rheumatoid Arthritis (SariPRO) TI  - Effect of Sarilumab on Patient-reported Outcomes in Patients With Moderately to Severely Active Rheumatoid Arthritis and With Inadequate Response or Intolerance to Current Conventional Synthetic DMARDs or Tumor Necrosis Factor Inhibitors
The Immunomodulatory Effect of Bilateral Paravertebral Block and Total Intravenous Anesthesia in Spine Surgery.; General anesthesia has an important effect on inflammatory cytokines. Inhalational agents as isoflurane and sevoflurane attenuate immune function expressed by neutrophil chemoattractant-1 as well as inflammatory enzyme and also they reduce inflammatory cascade. Total intravenous anesthesia (TIVA) based on using propofol suppresses the inflammatory response caused by surgery to a greater extent because Propofol affects the balance between pro-inflammatory and anti-inflammatory cytokines, increasing production of the anti-inflammatory cytokine IL-10 and at the same time reducing the increase of IL-6 during the perioperative period. It also alters expression of nitric oxide and inhibits neutrophil function. TIVA has many advantages such as; fewer side effects, earlier discharge, better patient satisfaction, faster recovery, less nausea and vomiting and reduced muscle relaxant requirements. Paravertebral block has an important role in the inflammatory and immune response. The paravertebral block can decrease perioperative inflammation and prevent immune suppression. Also, it can attenuate the cytokine response and reduce acute stress response caused by surgery. Decrease inflammation processes, improve surgery result, limit the duration of hospital stay, decrease post-operative fatigue and reduce postoperative complications. AN  - NCT03437213 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Immune Modulation of Bilateral Paravertebral Block and Propofol in Spine Surgery. TI  - The Immunomodulatory Effect of Bilateral Paravertebral Block and Total Intravenous Anesthesia in Spine Surgery.
The Role of Hyperbaric Oxygen and Neuropsychological Therapy in Cognitive Function Following Traumatic Brain Injury; The investigators plan to conduct this research project through hyperbaric oxygen therapy and neuropsychological therapy, and using scientific tests and neurocognitive function assessments. The investigators hope to answer the following questions: (1) Whether the treatment of hyperbaric oxygen can improve oxidative stress and inflammatory response after brain injury, and observe changes in biomarker concentration; (2) Whether hyperbaric oxygen therapy and neuropsychological therapy can improve cognitive function after brain injury; and (3) which biomarkers are factors that influence cognitive function prognosis. AN  - NCT03900182 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Role of Hyperbaric Oxygen and Neuropsychological Therapy in Cognitive Function Following Traumatic Brain Injury TI  - The Role of Hyperbaric Oxygen and Neuropsychological Therapy in Cognitive Function Following Traumatic Brain Injury
Randomized, Double-Blinded, Placebo-Controlled Study Evaluating Vortioxetine for Cognitive Deficits in Persons With Post-COVID-19 Condition; A randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial will be conducted to evaluate vortioxetine, an antidepressant with established pro-cognitive properties, for the treatment of cognitive deficits which develop during or after an infection consistent with COVID-19, continue for 2+ months, and are not explained by an alternative diagnosis (i.e., post-COVID-19 condition). Participants (aged 18-64 years) will receive vortioxetine (10-20 mg) or placebo for 8 weeks. Participants 65+ years will receive vortioxetine (5-10 mg) or placebo for 8 weeks. Changes in cognitive functioning from baseline to endpoint (week 8) will be assessed via the Digit Symbol Substitution Test (DSST). Study visits may be conducted remotely (e.g. via Zoom, by telephone), and/or in-person. AN  - NCT05047952 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Vortioxetine for Post-COVID-19 Condition TI  - Randomized, Double-Blinded, Placebo-Controlled Study Evaluating Vortioxetine for Cognitive Deficits in Persons With Post-COVID-19 Condition
A Randomized, Double-blind Trial to Evaluate the Efficacy, Safety and Immunogenicity of MSB11022 Compared With Humira® in Subjects With Moderate to Severe Chronic Plaque Psoriasis; The purpose of this study was to compare the efficacy, safety and immunogenicity of MSB11022 and Humira® in adult subjects with moderate to severe chronic plaque type psoriasis. AN  - NCT02660580 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - MSB11022 in Moderate to Severe Chronic Plaque Psoriasis (AURIEL-PsO) TI  - A Randomized, Double-blind Trial to Evaluate the Efficacy, Safety and Immunogenicity of MSB11022 Compared With Humira® in Subjects With Moderate to Severe Chronic Plaque Psoriasis
Simvastatin Addition for Patients With Recent-onset Schizophrenia; Intervention: Patients will be randomized 1:1 to either 40 mg simvastatin or placebo daily, in the form of identical tablets. AN  - NCT01999309 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Simvastatin Addition for Patients With Recent-onset Schizophrenia TI  - Simvastatin Addition for Patients With Recent-onset Schizophrenia
Effects of Probiotics on Peripheral Immunity in Parkinson's Disease; Parkinson's Disease (PD) is a common neurodegenerative disease, with no disease-modifying treatment available, therapy is therefore only symptomatic. The pathophysiology of the disease is still unclear, but inflammatory mechanisms are reported to play a prominent role. An involvement of peripheral adaptive immunity, with an imbalance in T cell subpopulations and in the expression of transcriptional factors (TF) in Cluster of Differentiation (CD) 4 positive T cells has been reported. An initial aggregation of α-synuclein (α-syn) in the gut with subsequent propagation along the vagus nerve to the brain has also been hypothesised. Interestingly, in an α-syn overexpressing murine model, the absence of gut microbiota prevented both microglia activation and motor impairment, pointing to a fundamental role of the microbiota in the development of PD. It has been shown that in Peripheral Blood Mononuclear Cells (PBMC) of PD patients, probiotics modulate the in vitro production of cytokines toward an anti-inflammatory profile. The investigators developed a clinical trial protocol for the evaluation of probiotics' effects on the peripheral immune system profile in Parkinson's Disease patients. ROS, Lymphocyte subpopulations, TF levels in PBMC will be assessed at baseline and after treatment with a mixture of probiotics in PD patients to assess immunomodulatory effects of said treatment. Motor and non-motor symptoms of PD will also be monitored through the trial period. AN  - NCT05173701 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effects of Probiotics on Peripheral Immunity in Parkinson's Disease TI  - Effects of Probiotics on Peripheral Immunity in Parkinson's Disease
U.S Guided Erector Spinae Block for Postoperative Pain Control in Patients Undergoing Para Umblical Hernial Repair. (Comparative Study ).; Abdominal surgery is one of the most definitive and mainstay treatment options for abdominal pathologies in clinical practice. Acute postoperative pain is a major challenge in the postoperative period. Although opioids are commonly used for analgesia after paraumbilical hernia, they can lead to side effects, such as nausea and vomiting, constipation, pruritus, and life-threatening respiratory depression. Regional anesthetic techniques are commonly used to prevent or minimize these side effects. The objective of this study is to assess the effectiveness of erector spinae plane block (ESPB) and standard medical (no block) pain management after paraumbilical hernia. AN  - NCT06120088 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - U.S. Guided Erector Spinae Block for Postoperative Pain Management in Paraumbilical Hernia Repair Patients TI  - U.S Guided Erector Spinae Block for Postoperative Pain Control in Patients Undergoing Para Umblical Hernial Repair. (Comparative Study ).
Dexamethasone for Treating Severe Hospital-acquired Pneumonia in Critically Ill Patients With a Proinflammatory Phenotype, an International Phase III, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled, Randomized Trial; Determine the efficacy of dexamethasone plus standard of care (SOC) as compared to placebo plus SOC for treating severe hospital-acquired pneumonia in critically ill patients with a proinflammatory phenotype; It's an international phase III, double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized trial. AN  - NCT06269900 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Dexamethasone for Treating Severe Hospital-acquired Pneumonia in Critically Ill Patients With a Proinflammatory Phenotype (HAP-DEX) TI  - Dexamethasone for Treating Severe Hospital-acquired Pneumonia in Critically Ill Patients With a Proinflammatory Phenotype, an International Phase III, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled, Randomized Trial
Biobehavioral Bases & Management of Type 2 Diabetes; The project will compare 100 CALM-D and 100 SC participants. Following 3 run-in sessions assessment sessions to determine eligibility, given to both SC and CALM-D participants, SC patients will be treated in accordance with ADA Clinical Practice Guidelines (2005) and also assessed by project staff at baseline, 6 months and 1 year. The CALM-D participants will receive 2 individual stress management and lifestyle sessions followed by 2 weekly group sessions. Then 4 bi-weekly sessions will be followed by 9 monthly sessions for a total of 17 sessions. Secondary objectives of the project are to determine if compared to SC, CALM-D can improve glucose tolerance to challenge, insulin resistance, oxidative stress, inflammation, procoagulation, lipid profile, endothelial function resting blood pressure, cardiac and vascular function, cardiac morphology, psychosocial functioning and health quality of life. As many of the participants will already have been prescribed aspirin, statins, oral hypoglycemics and other medications, an important objective of the project will be to assess the extent to which improved adherence to medications - a goal of the CALM-D program - can account for improved intervention effects. AN  - NCT01739205 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Biobehavioral Bases & Management of Type 2 Diabetes (CALM-D) TI  - Biobehavioral Bases & Management of Type 2 Diabetes
The Effect of Minocycline and N-acetylcysteine for the Treatment of Fibromyalgia: a Double-blind, Randomized, Crossover Pilot Study; Evaluation of the effect of combinatorial treatment of fibromyalgia patients (standard of care + minocycline + N-acetylcysteine (NAC) relative to standard of care on subjective pain measurement Revised Fibromyalgia Impact Questionnaire (FIQR). AN  - NCT04594733 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Effect of Minocycline and N-acetylcysteine for the Treatment of Fibromyalgia TI  - The Effect of Minocycline and N-acetylcysteine for the Treatment of Fibromyalgia: a Double-blind, Randomized, Crossover Pilot Study
Walking Green: The Effects of Walking in Forested and Urban Areas on Health and Well-being; The study design is a randomized crossover design in which each subject is assigned randomly to a group which determines the order in which participants will walk in each location. Subjects will take three 50-minute walks per location in one week, with half of the subjects taking the urban walks first as per group assignment. Control data are collected on days when participants do not walk. Physiological data are taken during walks and control periods (heart rate, heart rate variation). Biomarker samples (saliva, dried blood spots) are taken on selected days. Psychological data are take before and after walks and control periods. AN  - NCT03950661 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Walking Green: The Effects of Walking in Forested and Urban Areas (NUWG) TI  - Walking Green: The Effects of Walking in Forested and Urban Areas on Health and Well-being
Targeting the Gut Dysbiosis to Treat Inflammation-driven Synaptopathy in Multiple Sclerosis; Since gut microbiota can shape the immune response and brain functions, we propose to target gut dysbiosis by dietary supplementation of prebiotics and probiotics (Pre-Pro) to treat synaptopathy in both human and experimental model of MS, even when exacerbated by HFD. Overall, this project aims at unveiling the anti-inflammatory and neuroprotective pathways activated by Pre-Pro supplementation to modulate the immune-synaptic axis. AN  - NCT05779449 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Targeting the Gut Dysbiosis to Treat Inflammation-driven Synaptopathy in MS (Pre-Pro-MS) TI  - Targeting the Gut Dysbiosis to Treat Inflammation-driven Synaptopathy in Multiple Sclerosis
D-cycloserine for Relapse Prevention Following Intravenous Ketamine in Treatment-resistant Depression; This is a two-stage experiment; the first stage is an open label trial in which participants receive six intravenous (IV) treatments of ketamine. The second stage includes participants that responded to ketamine (i.e. reduction of 25% in their symptoms of depression, as measured by the Montgomery Asberg Depression Scale MADRS). The second stage is a double-blind, controlled clinical trial of D-cycloserine (DCS) vs. placebo, as maintenance treatment in patients who responded to ketamine treatment. The aim of the study is to determine whether 8 weeks of DCS maintenance therapy will prevent relapse of depressive symptoms following ketamine infusions AN  - NCT02772211 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - D-cycloserine for Relapse Prevention Following Intravenous Ketamine in Treatment-resistant Depression TI  - D-cycloserine for Relapse Prevention Following Intravenous Ketamine in Treatment-resistant Depression
Duloxetine for Patients With Low Back Pain Who Fail to Improve With Oral NSAIDs. A Randomized Placebo-controlled Exploratory Study; This research study will help determine whether a medication called duloxetine can improve back pain. It is well documented that many participants who come to the ER with acute low back pain still have low back pain 3 months later. The investigator team will attempt to determine whether duloxetine can help prevent this. AN  - NCT05851976 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Duloxetine for LBP TI  - Duloxetine for Patients With Low Back Pain Who Fail to Improve With Oral NSAIDs. A Randomized Placebo-controlled Exploratory Study
ENERGIZE IBD - The Effect of Intensive Physical Exercise on Fatigue and Quality of Life in Patients With Quiescent Inflammatory Bowel Disease: A Randomized Controlled Trial; In patients with inflammatory bowel diseases (IBD), characterized by relapsing intestinal inflammation, chronic fatigue is a burdensome and highly prevalent symptom. The aetiology is thought to be multifactorial, including complex interactions of psychological and physical factors such as immunological profiles and gut microbiota. Unfortunately, specific treatment strategies are currently lacking. Since fatigued patients have an impaired physical fitness and are less physically active than patients without fatigue, it is hypothesised that physical exercise might be an effective complementary treatment for patients with IBD suffering from fatigue. During a previous pilot cohort study, significant improvements in fatigue complaints and quality of life were observed following a personalised and intensive exercise program. In this study, a multicenter randomized controlled trial will be performed to further investigate this assumed beneficial effect of intensive physical exercise. AN  - NCT05657197 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Effect of Intensive Physical Exercise on Fatigue and Quality of Life in Patients With Quiescent Inflammatory Bowel Disease (ENERGIZE-IBD) TI  - ENERGIZE IBD - The Effect of Intensive Physical Exercise on Fatigue and Quality of Life in Patients With Quiescent Inflammatory Bowel Disease: A Randomized Controlled Trial
Genetics and Genomics of Aspirin Exacerbated Respiratory Disease (AERD); Aspirin Exacerbated Respiratory Disease (AERD) is a relatively homogeneous disease characterized by adult-onset severe asthma, development of non-cancerous growths in the nasal canal (i.e. nasal polyps) and aspirin allergy. The cause of AERD is unknown, although likely results from environmental insults in combination with genetic susceptibility. AERD disease homogeneity increases the possibility of discovering narrowly-defined genetic contributors, and makes it an ideal population to study the genetic and epigenetic changes that cause asthma. Researchers recently discovered that gene expression of epithelial growth and repair (EGR) genes are substantially decreased in bronchial airway epithelial cells of severe asthmatics compared to less severe asthmatics and healthy controls. This new finding indicates that epithelial integrity and related processes may be of primary importance to the development of severe asthma, and potentially the severe asthma subtype, AERD. This finding was later supported in a subsequent lab model, which showed that blocking a central epithelial repair and differentiation gene, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (ERBB2), decreased healing time of bronchial epithelial cells after injury. Thus, the objective of the proposed study is to determine whether EGR gene are also down-regulated in AERD, a homogeneous severe asthma subtype. As an extension, the researchers will also determine whether genetic mutations and/or epigenetic changes relate to and potentially explain this down-regulation of EGR genes. Specifically, the researchers plan to obtain gene expression of freshly brushed nasal airway epithelial cells of 140 AERD patients, 70 non-aspirin sensitive asthma patients, and 35 healthy controls, noting that nasal epithelial gene expression has recently been shown to mirror lung epithelial changes in asthmatic airways. Swabbing the nasal canal for epithelial cells allows to evaluate airway epithelial cell gene expression non-invasively. Our experimental design contrasts AERD gene expression profiles against healthy controls, and determines whether EGR genes are depressed in AERD relative to health controls. As a corollary, the researchers look to discover an AERD-specific gene expression profile which may one-day aid in diagnosis and expand current knowledge of disease mechanisms. As an extension, the researchers will correlate gene expression changes, specifically any finding of down-regulated EGR genes, with methylation changes (i.e. epigenetic changes) and genetic mutations. AN  - NCT04261582 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Genetics and Genomics of Aspirin Exacerbated Respiratory Disease (AERD) (AERD) TI  - Genetics and Genomics of Aspirin Exacerbated Respiratory Disease (AERD)
A Pilot Study Exploring the Safety and Synergistic Effect of a Minocycline/Lovastatin Combined Treatment on the Behavior of Individuals With Fragile X Syndrome; Validation of New Biochemical and Neurophysiological Markers (LovaMiX); The purpose of this study is to determine whether Lovastatin, Minocycline and the combination Lovastatin/Minocycline are effective in treating behavioral symptoms in Fragile X individuals. AN  - NCT02680379 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Combined Treatment of Minocycline and Lovastatin to Treat Individuals With Fragile X Syndrome (LovaMiX) TI  - A Pilot Study Exploring the Safety and Synergistic Effect of a Minocycline/Lovastatin Combined Treatment on the Behavior of Individuals With Fragile X Syndrome; Validation of New Biochemical and Neurophysiological Markers (LovaMiX)
Cost-Effectiveness Analysis of a Virtual Reality-Assisted Hypnotherapy Program on Quality of Life in Patients with Chronic Neck Pain: a Multicenter, Randomized, Prospective, Comparative, Open-Label, Parallel-Group Study; This randomized, prospective study aims to evaluate the effectiveness and cost-efficiency of a Virtual Reality (VR)-assisted hypnotherapy program on quality of life in patients with chronic neck pain. The study compares a VR-assisted hypnotherapy group to a standard treatment group. Both groups will undergo a conventional physical therapy program supervised by physiotherapists for 3 weeks (15 sessions). The VR-assisted hypnotherapy group will receive additional sessions utilizing the HypnoVR software, which delivers relaxing virtual environments. Outcomes will be assessed immediately after treatment, at 1 month, and at 3 months post-treatment. Primary endpoints include pain reduction measured by the Visual Analog Scale (VAS). Secondary endpoints include functionality, quality of life, anxiety, depression, sleep quality, healthcare costs, and treatment adherence. Statistical analyses will determine the efficacy and economic impact of this innovative therapy for chronic neck pain management. AN  - NCT06697795 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Cost-Effectiveness Analysis of a Virtual Reality-Assisted Hypnotherapy Program on Quality of Life in Patients with Chronic Neck Pain: a Multicenter, Randomized, Prospective, Comparative, Open-Label, Parallel-Group Study TI  - Cost-Effectiveness Analysis of a Virtual Reality-Assisted Hypnotherapy Program on Quality of Life in Patients with Chronic Neck Pain: a Multicenter, Randomized, Prospective, Comparative, Open-Label, Parallel-Group Study
The Impact of Depression and Preclinical Alzheimer Disease on Driving Among Older Adults (Depression and Driving); This project will assess how depression, preclinical AD, and antidepressants affect driving behavior in cognitively normal older adults (65 years). AN  - NCT05446805 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Depression and Driving (D&D) TI  - The Impact of Depression and Preclinical Alzheimer Disease on Driving Among Older Adults (Depression and Driving)
An Open Label Clinical Trial to Evaluate the Safety and Efficacy of CT103A Cells for the Treatment of Relapsed/Refractory Antibody-associated Inflammatory Diseases of the Nervous System; Antibody-mediated inflammatory diseases of the nervous system (also known as autoimmune diseases of the nervous system) are autoimmune diseases in which autoimmune cells and immune molecules attack the nervous system as the main pathogenic mechanism. In the immune response, pathogenic antibodies acting on autoantigens of the nervous system are collectively referred to as autoantibodies of the nervous system, and antibody-mediated inflammatory diseases of the nervous system can occur in the central nervous system, peripheral nervous system, and neuromuscular junctions, and muscles. In this study, we will recruit eight kinds of autoimmune diseases of nervous system including Neuromyelitis Optica Spectrum Disorder (NMOSD), Myasthenia Gravis (MG), Chronic Inflammatory Demyelinating Polyradiculoneuropathy (CIDP), idiopathic inflammatory myopathyand (IIM), multiple sclerosis (MS), autoimmune encephalitis (AE), Myelin Oligodendrocyte Glycoprotein Antibody-Associated Disease (MOGAD) and POEMS Syndrome. B-cell maturation antigen (BCMA) is expressed on the surface of plasma cells, thus making it an ideal target for targeted therapies. Chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T cells against BCMA offers another potential therapeutic option to eliminate plasma cells in patients with neurological autoimmune diseases driven by abnormal antibody who still suffer recurrent attacks from conventional treatments. In the current study, the safety and efficacy of a novel CAR-T cell therapy using CT103A cells, are evaluated in patients with relapsed/refractory antibody-mediated idiopathic inflammatory diseases. AN  - NCT04561557 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Safety and Efficacy of CT103A Cells for Relapsed/Refractory Antibody-associated Inflammatory Diseases of the Nervous System (CARTinNS) TI  - An Open Label Clinical Trial to Evaluate the Safety and Efficacy of CT103A Cells for the Treatment of Relapsed/Refractory Antibody-associated Inflammatory Diseases of the Nervous System
Cocktail Phenotypic Approach to Explore Antidepressant Pharmacokinetic Variability: a Pilot Study; We propose here to explore systematically the association between drug-metabolizing enzymes activity assessed by a phenotypical approach and antidepressant plasma concentration, efficacy and tolerance in the clinical setting. During one year, patients receiving antidepressant will be included in tis prospective clinical, naturalistic and descriptive pilot study. AN  - NCT02438072 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Drug Metabolism and Antidepressant (METADEP) TI  - Cocktail Phenotypic Approach to Explore Antidepressant Pharmacokinetic Variability: a Pilot Study
An Open-label, Randomized, Phase 3 Study of Linvoseltamab (REGN5458; Anti- BCMA x Anti-CD3 Bispecific Antibody) Versus the Combination of Elotuzumab, Pomalidomide, and Dexamethasone (EPd), in Patients With Relapsed/Refractory Multiple Myeloma (LINKER-MM3); - If there is any improvement in pain after treatment with linvoseltamab compared to EPd AN  - NCT05730036 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Trial to Learn How Well Linvoseltamab Works Compared to the Combination of Elotuzumab, Pomalidomide and Dexamethasone for Adult Participants With Relapsed/Refractory Multiple Myeloma (LINKER-MM3) TI  - An Open-label, Randomized, Phase 3 Study of Linvoseltamab (REGN5458; Anti- BCMA x Anti-CD3 Bispecific Antibody) Versus the Combination of Elotuzumab, Pomalidomide, and Dexamethasone (EPd), in Patients With Relapsed/Refractory Multiple Myeloma (LINKER-MM3)
To Evaluate the Mechanism of Jing Si Herbal Tea Liquid Packets and Traditional Western Medicine for Psoriasis; key words：Psoriasis, Psoriatic arthritis, Comorbidities, Treatment, Jing-Si-Herbal-Tea, Chinese medicine AN  - NCT05436938 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - To Evaluate the Mechanism of Jing Si Herbal Tea Liquid Packets and Traditional Western Medicine for Psoriasis TI  - To Evaluate the Mechanism of Jing Si Herbal Tea Liquid Packets and Traditional Western Medicine for Psoriasis
A Practical Clinical Randomized Controlled Trial of Traditional Chinese Medicine in the Treatment of Long COVID and an Analysis of Syndrome Types and Medication Characteristics of Traditional Chinese Medicine; Totally 162 patients with long COVID recruited into the study will be randomly assigned to the traditional Chinese medicine treatment group or the Western medicine control group. Patients in the treatment group will receive individualized TCM syndrome differentiation treatment, and patients in the control group will receive conventional Western medicine symptomatic treatment from general Western medicine practitioners for 4 weeks. All patients were followed up once a week (±2 days) during treatment period and followed up by 4 weeks (±2 days) after the treatment. Outcome measurements will be conducted at baseline, the end of treatment (week 4 ±2 days) and the follow-up visit (week 8 ±2 days). AN  - NCT06095258 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Practical RCT of TCM in the Treatment of LCOVID and Analysis of Syndrome Types and Medication Characteristics. TI  - A Practical Clinical Randomized Controlled Trial of Traditional Chinese Medicine in the Treatment of Long COVID and an Analysis of Syndrome Types and Medication Characteristics of Traditional Chinese Medicine
Interleukin 6-guided Antibiotic Prescriptions in AECOPD Inpatients: a Multicenter Randomized Controlled Trial; In this multicenter, prospective, randomized controlled study, we aimed to figure out, compared with the global chronic obstructive pulmonary disease initiative (GOLD) guideline -guided antibiotic therapy, whether Interleukin 6 (IL6)-guided antibiotic therapy for acute exacerbation of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (AECOPD) can lead to a reduction in the use of antibiotics without increasing the rate of treatment failure. AN  - NCT06612476 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Interleukin 6-guided Antibiotic Prescriptions in AECOPD Inpatients TI  - Interleukin 6-guided Antibiotic Prescriptions in AECOPD Inpatients: a Multicenter Randomized Controlled Trial
A Prospective Observational Study of the Relationship Between Cannabis Use, Biomarkers, Tissue Cannabinoid Levels and Clinical Outcomes in Patients With Osteoarthritis; Osteoarthritis (OA), the most common form of arthritis, is a leading cause of disability, affecting the quality of life, pain, and physical functioning of 4.6 million Canadians. About half of OA patients have limited response to primary therapy. The number of OA patients continues to rise, affecting the quality of life of those with OA. There is a dire need to develop future effective treatment options. Cannabis is a potential therapy for those with OA and may provide analgesic, anti-inflammatory, and disease modifying effects. The common barriers to use are a lack of knowledge regarding efficacy, access, and commonly used products, doses and routes of administration. No high-quality clinical trials of cannabis for OA have been conducted, leaving physicians struggling to guide and inform patients regarding symptom relief. Findings from clinical trials of cannabis for other painful conditions have been variable, perhaps due to suboptimal cannabis products and failure to consider important patient characteristics. The goal of the current study is to characterize patient- and cannabis-level factors that are associated with OA pain and address other knowledge gaps. AN  - NCT04971629 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Relationship Between Cannabis Use, Biomarkers, Tissue Cannabinoid Levels and Clinical Outcomes in Patients With OA TI  - A Prospective Observational Study of the Relationship Between Cannabis Use, Biomarkers, Tissue Cannabinoid Levels and Clinical Outcomes in Patients With Osteoarthritis
Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Combined With Steroid Joint Injection for the Treatment of Chronic Spinal Pain: Protocol for a Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial; The investigators hypothesize that a combined rTMS and SJI intervention will be feasible, tolerable, and safe and will have larger and longer-lasting effects on CSP than a sham rTMS and SJI intervention. Further, it is hypothesized that anti-inflammatory proteins, such as IL-4 and IL-9, will be upregulated, and pro-inflammatory proteins, such as IL-6, downregulated, relative to baseline, in response to the active rTMS and SJI intervention but not in response to the sham rTMS and SJI intervention. AN  - NCT05840354 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - rTMS and Steroid Joint Steroid Injection in Chronic Spinal Pain TI  - Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Combined With Steroid Joint Injection for the Treatment of Chronic Spinal Pain: Protocol for a Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial
Opioid-free Analgesia After Outpatient General Surgery: A Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial; North America is facing an opioid epidemic fueled by surgeons, who are the second largest subgroup of physicians involved in opioid prescribing. Surgery often serves as the initial event for opioid-naïve patients to obtain a prescription for opioids and spiral into misuse and addiction. From the perspective of perioperative care clinicians, the answer to the opioid crisis may be using opioid-free analgesia. However, the number of comparative studies in this field is limited and existing small trials do not reflect current standards of care in North America. Lack of evidence means that the decision to prescribe opioids after outpatient surgery largely depends on surgeon preference and healthcare culture. Hence, there is an urgent need for a robust randomized controlled trial (RCT) to guide clinical decision-making. The feasibility and optimal design of this RCT should be informed by a pilot trial. The overarching goal of this pilot RCT is to investigate the feasibility of conducting a full-scale RCT to assess the comparative-effectiveness of opioid versus opioid-free analgesia after outpatient general surgery. AN  - NCT04254679 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Pilot Trial: Postoperative Opioid-free Analgesia TI  - Opioid-free Analgesia After Outpatient General Surgery: A Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial
COld Exposure With Controlled BReathing And Meditation in Patients With Multiple Sclerosis (COBRAMS); Researchers will compare the effect to control groups of MS patients without intervention. AN  - NCT06280573 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - COld Exposure With Controlled BReathing And Meditation in Patients With Multiple Sclerosis (COBRAMS) (COBRAMS) TI  - COld Exposure With Controlled BReathing And Meditation in Patients With Multiple Sclerosis (COBRAMS)
A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled 52-Week Study to Assess Adverse Events of Special Interest in Adults With Active, Autoantibody-Positive Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Receiving Belimumab; The purpose of this study is to further enhance the existing knowledge regarding the side effects of belimumab when given with other lupus medicines to adults with active systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). This study mainly focuses on collecting information on serious events that are not that common or may only be seen with long-term treatment. These events include death, serious infections and other infections of interest, cancers, serious mental health problems, including depression and suicide, and serious infusion and hypersensitivity reactions. This study is being done to help understand if treatment with belimumab increases the risk for these types of events. This study will also see if patients receiving belimumab with other lupus medicines can reduce their use of steroids, such as prednisone, over 1 year. AN  - NCT01705977 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Belimumab Assessment of Safety in SLE (BASE) TI  - A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled 52-Week Study to Assess Adverse Events of Special Interest in Adults With Active, Autoantibody-Positive Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Receiving Belimumab
Worry, Uncertainty and Insomnia: A Cognitive-behavioral Intervention for Cancer Survivors; This randomized clinical trial studies a cognitive-behavioral intervention to treat worry, uncertainty, and insomnia in cancer survivors. Counseling may reduce anxiety and insomnia as well as improve the well-being and quality of life of cancer survivors. This study also explores the neuro-immunologic correlates of anxiety and insomnia. AN  - NCT01929720 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Cognitive-Behavioral Intervention for Worry, Uncertainty, and Insomnia for Cancer Survivors (FOCUS) TI  - Worry, Uncertainty and Insomnia: A Cognitive-behavioral Intervention for Cancer Survivors
Optimal Fecal Microbiota Transplant Dosing for Mild to Moderate Ulcerative Colitis; This is a prospective unblinded, randomized trial for the use of Fecal Microbiota Transplantation (FMT) for the treatment of Ulcerative Colitis (UC), in combination with or without antibiotic pretreatment. AN  - NCT03006809 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Optimal Fecal Microbiota Transplant Dosing for Mild to Moderate Ulcerative Colitis TI  - Optimal Fecal Microbiota Transplant Dosing for Mild to Moderate Ulcerative Colitis
Evaluation of the Effect of Cocoa Supplementation on Biochemical and Clinical Profile and Sensory-motor Processing of Peripheral and Autonomic Diabetic Neuropathy: Randomized Clinical Trial; The hypothesis of this study is that cocoa supplementation will have a beneficial effect on the biochemical and clinical profile and somatosensory processing of peripheral and autonomic diabetic neuropathy. AN  - NCT05247034 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effect of Cocoa Supplementation Peripheral and Autonomic Diabetic Neuropathy TI  - Evaluation of the Effect of Cocoa Supplementation on Biochemical and Clinical Profile and Sensory-motor Processing of Peripheral and Autonomic Diabetic Neuropathy: Randomized Clinical Trial
Psychobiological Pathways: Osteoarthritis Interventions; The purpose of this study is to determine if osteoarthritis patients and their spouses experience greater health benefits from a couples-oriented psychosocial intervention than a patient-oriented psychosocial intervention, and to determine if each intervention is more beneficial than patient usual medical care. AN  - NCT00230945 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Couples-Oriented Psychosocial Intervention for Osteoarthritis TI  - Psychobiological Pathways: Osteoarthritis Interventions
A Watermelon Focused Dietary Inflammatory Index Counseling System to Reduce Systemic Inflammation; A large, persuasive, and ever-increasing body of evidence links chronic inflammation to virtually all of the chronic diseases that cause the majority of disability and death in the U.S., including diabetes, cardiovascular diseases (CVD), and cancer. Diet plays a central role in the regulation of chronic inflammation. However, until investigators developed the Dietary Inflammatory Index (DII)TM there had been no scientifically valid way to relate what individuals eat to the capacity of foods consumed to modulate inflammation. The DII has now produced an impressive research base that ranges from predicting blood levels of inflammatory biomarkers; to a variety of health-related endpoints including cancer incidence and mortality, diabetes, and CVD; to psychological endpoints including depression and cognitive functioning. Watermelon is a member of the Cucurbitaceae family of gourds and is related to the cucumber, squash, and pumpkin. Watermelon flesh (WM) is ~91% water by weight, and is a rich source of bioavailable compounds including lycopene and other carotenoids, and vitamins A and C, all of which have anti-inflammatory properties. Watermelon is already known to play an effective role in reducing risk of chronic inflammation related conditions like coronary heart disease. Connecting Health Innovations (CHI) through this proposal is committed to developing a watermelon supplemented dietary intervention to reduce inflammation. The DII provides a tool that will form the basis of a counseling/instructional system aimed at helping patients and their providers to control chronic, systemic inflammation by improving the diet with specific, actionable dietary recommendations, counseling, and expert instruction. Our first aim is to refine and modify the DII-based intervention by developing and incorporating several watermelon recipes which will score low (anti-inflammatory) on the DII scale. Our second aim is to design and implement a two-arm intervention trial based on watermelon-focused DII recommendations aimed at reducing levels of chronic inflammation in Columbia, South Carolina; the two arms of this intervention study will be the DII-Based Counseling System, including access to our Imagine Healthy Online Portal, and a general health education control. Data will include questionnaires (e.g., demographics, health history, stress, depression, self-efficacy for physical activity and diet, social approval, social desirability), anthropometrics measures, physical activity monitoring, inflammatory marker C-reactive protein (CRP), and ASA 24-hour dietary recalls. Baseline data collection will be followed by a 12-week intervention period. The DII arm will receive in-person healthy cooking and nutrition classes, along with physical activity and stress reduction activities. Additionally, this arm will receive access to the Imagine Healthy Online Portal. The general health control arm will receive weekly health education information. Linear mixed models (LMM) will be used to determine whether the intervention arms are associated with the primary outcome (i.e., CRP). AN  - NCT03158740 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Watermelon Focused Dietary Inflammatory Index Intervention (IMAGINE) TI  - A Watermelon Focused Dietary Inflammatory Index Counseling System to Reduce Systemic Inflammation
The China PEACE (Patient-centered Evaluative Assessment of Cardiac Events) Prospective Study of Percutaneous Coronary Intervention; Coronary heart disease (CHD) pose a serious health threaten to population. PCI, as a well-proved and booming measure in CHD management, is invasive and of high cost, however the knowledge about the real-life PCI use in China is limited. By consecutively recruiting PCI patients in 30 geographically representative highest-rank hospitals, this study will examine various real-life factors, that may affect patients recovery after the procedure. Practical guidelines, appropriateness criteria and quality evaluative system for PCI will be established based on the findings, to improve patients outcomes in future finally. AN  - NCT01624922 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - China PEACE-Prospective PCI Study TI  - The China PEACE (Patient-centered Evaluative Assessment of Cardiac Events) Prospective Study of Percutaneous Coronary Intervention
The China PEACE (Patient-centered Evaluative Assessment of Cardiac Events) Prospective Study of Acute Myocardial Infarction; Coronary heart disease (CHD) and heart attacks pose a serious health risk to men and women, however little information is available about how evidence-based therapies are incorporated appropriately into routine clinical practice in China. In addition, basic data and evidence about safety and efficacy of treatment for AMI is limited. By consecutively recruiting AMI patients in 40 hospitals of different levels, this study will examine various real-life factors, that may affect patients recovery after a heart attack. Practical guidelines and risk model for AMI patients will be established based on the findings, to improve patients outcomes in future finally. AN  - NCT01624909 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - China PEACE-Prospective AMI Study TI  - The China PEACE (Patient-centered Evaluative Assessment of Cardiac Events) Prospective Study of Acute Myocardial Infarction
Incidence and Burden of Bleeding in Multiple Myeloma Patients Receiving Thromboprophylaxis; - Expected results In an RCT comparing LMWH with aspirin prophylaxis for a fracture of an extremity, bleeding events occurred in 14% of patients receiving aspirin and 14% of patients receiving LMWH within 90 days of follow-up. Since comparable doses will be used in this study, we expect to see similar results. AN  - NCT06482931 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Bleeding in Multiple Myeloma (BiMM) TI  - Incidence and Burden of Bleeding in Multiple Myeloma Patients Receiving Thromboprophylaxis
A Phase 3 Open-label, Controlled, Randomised, Multi-centre Trial Comparing Imlifidase and Standard-of-care With Standard-of-care Alone in the Treatment of Severe Anti-GBM Antibody Disease (Goodpasture Disease); An open-label, controlled, randomised, multi-centre Phase 3 trial evaluating renal function in patients with severe anti-GBM disease comparing imlifidase and standard of care (SoC) with SoC alone. All patients will remain in the trial for 24 months. AN  - NCT05679401 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study With Imlifidase in Anti-GBM Disease (GOOD-IDES-02) TI  - A Phase 3 Open-label, Controlled, Randomised, Multi-centre Trial Comparing Imlifidase and Standard-of-care With Standard-of-care Alone in the Treatment of Severe Anti-GBM Antibody Disease (Goodpasture Disease)
Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD)-Related Outcomes and Costs for Patients on Combination Fluticasone Propionate-Salmeterol Xinafoate 250/50mcg Versus Anticholinergics in a Comorbid COPD-Depression/Anxiety Population; The prevalence of comorbid depression/anxiety in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is estimated to be high and range from 10-40%, given that the risk of depression/anxiety symptoms is almost 3 times higher in patients with versus without COPD. Additionally, patients with comorbid COPD and depression/anxiety have higher COPD-related healthcare utilization and costs compared to those without depression/anxiety. Therapy with maintenance medications for COPD has been recommended to prevent future adverse COPD outcomes, but the impact of initiating these interventions has not yet been evaluated in a higher-risk population with comorbid COPD-depression/anxiety. The present study compares the risk of COPD exacerbations and COPD-related costs in patients initiating maintenance medications for treatment of COPD in a comorbid COPD/depression-anxiety population. Maintenance medications include inhaled corticosteroid (ICS), long-acting beta agonist (LABA), combination drug product of ICS+LABA, and anti-cholinergics (AC) including tiotropium (TIO) and ipratropium or combination ipratropium-albuterol (collectively abbreviated as IPR). AN  - NCT01337336 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD)-Related Outcomes and Costs for Patients on Combination Fluticasone Propionate-Salmeterol Xinafoate 250/50mcg Versus Anticholinergics in a COPD-Comorbid Depression/Anxiety Population TI  - Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD)-Related Outcomes and Costs for Patients on Combination Fluticasone Propionate-Salmeterol Xinafoate 250/50mcg Versus Anticholinergics in a Comorbid COPD-Depression/Anxiety Population
Effects of Esketamine Pre-administration on Blood Lymphocyte Subsets and Inflammatory Factors in Early Postoperative Period:; This project aims to study whether combined prophylactic and therapeutic use of esketamine could improve the decreased number of lymphocyte subsets and increased plasma pro-inflammatory cytokines. AN  - NCT05180318 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Prophylactic Effects of Esketamine in Surgical Patients TI  - Effects of Esketamine Pre-administration on Blood Lymphocyte Subsets and Inflammatory Factors in Early Postoperative Period:
Shockwave Therapy for Acute Low Back Pain: a Randomized Placebo-controlled Clinical Trial; 60 patients with acute low back pain will be recruited to a single-blinded, randomized, placebo-controlled trial. They are randomized to receive either shockwave therapy or sham treatment by a identically looking device for 4 weeks, twice a week. Additionally patients receive physiotherapy twice a week and are allowed to take an anti-inflammatory drug, if necessary for even 4 weeks. The primary outcome variable will be measured at day 0, every week during treatment (day 7; 14; 21 and 28) and up to 4 weeks after the last treatment. The clinical outcome will be primarily measured by pain intensity using a visual analogue scale. Secondary outcome measures are Oswestry Disability Index, Beck's Pain Depression Scale, Roland Morris Disability Questionnaire and the EQ-5D. Data will be analysed for the difference in change of scores between groups using one-way t-test. AN  - NCT02253771 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Shockwave Therapy for Acute Low Back Pain TI  - Shockwave Therapy for Acute Low Back Pain: a Randomized Placebo-controlled Clinical Trial
Preventing Injured Knees From osteoArthritis: Severity Outcomes (PIKASO); Metformin is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to treat type II diabetes. Notably, it also has anti-inflammatory effects, suggesting it could benefit people who have an ACL injury and are undergoing ACL reconstruction. AN  - NCT06096259 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Preventing Injured Knees From osteoArthritis: Severity Outcomes (PIKASO) TI  - Preventing Injured Knees From osteoArthritis: Severity Outcomes (PIKASO)
Get REAL and HEEL Research Program; The UNC Get REAL & HEEL (GR&H) program has provided after treatment support for women with a breast cancer diagnosis since 2006. The 16-week program includes an individualized training program and the opportunity to continue working out in the GR&H facilities at the conclusion of the 16-week program. The purpose of this protocol is to implement a research agenda at GR&H that will examine the efficacy of the program. The primary aim of this study is a pre-post test of the impact of the GR&H program (standardized combination of aerobic and resistance training) on VO2peak1,2. The secondary aims of this study are to evaluate quality of life as well as cardiorespiratory function (vascular health), physical function (muscular strength, body composition), cognition, balance, and patient-reported outcomes (fatigue, depression, anxiety, quality of life). Exploratory aims are focused on evaluating the impact of exercise on biomarkers: (1) aging - p16INK4a, (2) immune cell function - total leukocyte count, T and natural killer cells, monocytes, and neutrophils count and activity, and (3) circulating pro- and anti-inflammatory cytokines. AN  - NCT03760536 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Get REAL and HEEL Research Program TI  - Get REAL and HEEL Research Program
Evaluation of Glucocorticoids Plus Rituximab Compared to Glucocorticoids Plus Placebo for the Treatment of Patients With Newly-Diagnosed or Relapsing IgA Vasculitis: A Prospective, Randomized, Controlled, Double-blind Study; Overall, RTX may be an effective and safe therapeutic approach in adult IgAVs, justifying the need for a prospective randomized controlled trial evaluating Rituximab as an induction of remission for adult IgAV. AN  - NCT05329090 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Evaluation of Glucocorticoids Plus Rituximab Compared to Glucocorticoids Plus Placebo for the Treatment of Patients With Newly-Diagnosed or Relapsing IgA Vasculitis (RIGA) TI  - Evaluation of Glucocorticoids Plus Rituximab Compared to Glucocorticoids Plus Placebo for the Treatment of Patients With Newly-Diagnosed or Relapsing IgA Vasculitis: A Prospective, Randomized, Controlled, Double-blind Study
Novel Approaches to Understanding the Role of Cannabinoids and Inflammation in Anxiety; This study investigates whether the anxiolytic effects and anti-inflammatory properties of cannabis vary as a function of the ratio of CBD to THC, with the goal that these effects may shed light on the mixed data linking cannabis use and anxiety. Individuals with mild to moderate anxiety who elect to use cannabis (smoked flower or edible) will complete four weeks of observation. Participants complete cognitive tasks, a substance use history, health questionnaires concerning sleep and physical activity, and a blood draw at four different time points (Baseline, after 2 weeks of cannabis use, and immediately before and after self-administration after 4 weeks of use) with the use of a mobile pharmacology laboratory, which goes to a convenient location for each participant to self-administer their cannabis. Participants are then followed for five months to self-report on cannabis use, anxiety, subjective cognitive functioning, sleep quality, and other mental health symptoms. AN  - NCT03491384 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Anxiety, Inflammation, and Stress TI  - Novel Approaches to Understanding the Role of Cannabinoids and Inflammation in Anxiety
Effect of Opioid-free Anesthesia on Postoperative Opioid-related Adverse Events After Major or Intermediate Non-cardiac Surgery: a Multicenter Prospective Randomized Controlled Study; Proofs of the effect of OFA on reducing opioid-related adverse effects after major or intermediate non-cardiac surgery are still scarce. We hypothesized that the reduced opioid consumption during and after surgery allowed by OFA compared with standard of care will be associated with a reduction of postoperative opioid-related adverse events. AN  - NCT03316339 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Postoperative and Opioid Free Anesthesia (POFA) TI  - Effect of Opioid-free Anesthesia on Postoperative Opioid-related Adverse Events After Major or Intermediate Non-cardiac Surgery: a Multicenter Prospective Randomized Controlled Study
The Effect of Aerobic and Resistant Exercise Training on Hepatic Functions, Inflammatory Markers and Functional Capacity in Patients With Non-Alcoholic Steatohepatitis; The term non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is used to describe a range of chronic liver diseases that range from steatosis to steatohepatitis, advanced fibrosis, cirrhosis, or excessive alcohol consumption or other causes of steatosis. In this spectrum, Non-Alcoholic Steatohepatitis (NASH), which defines liver damage accompanied by steatosis and inflammation (hepatitis), is one of the most common causes of chronic liver disease worldwide, especially in developed and developing countries, and is present in 15-35% of the general population. Individuals diagnosed with NASH primarily experience deterioration in liver functions, but patients are also affected in terms of vascular structures, immunopathological responses, functional and psychosocial conditions. It is seen that in addition to intrahepatic lipid content, inflammatory markers, liver enzymes, and liver functions, cardiopulmonary endurance, physical activity level, and muscle strength are also affected in these patients, so it is evaluated for the diagnosis and planning of the treatment of the disease. There is no drug with proven efficacy in the treatment of the disease. Since a significant proportion of NASH patients have obesity, Type II Diabetes Mellitus or dyslipidemia, the focus of treatment is to control risk factors or protect the liver from harmful factors such as TNFα. Therefore, the mainstay of treatment, for now, seems to be weight control with a lifestyle change, including regular exercise training and diet control. Exercise intervention is considered an essential component of NAFLD treatment, however; there are a limited number of published articles showing the effects of exercise training in the management of NASH. In addition, the physiological effect of exercise has still not been clarified because NASH is accompanied by metabolic problems such as obesity and T2DM. This study, it is aimed to bring innovation to the literature in understanding the physiological effects of exercise for this disease group by examining the effects of resistance exercise training in addition to aerobic exercise on intrahepatic lipid content, liver functions, inflammatory markers, muscle strength, functionality, and biopsychosocial status in individuals with NASH diagnosis who do not have an additional metabolic problem. AN  - NCT05065593 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Effect of Aerobic and Resistant Exercise Training in Patients With Non-Alcoholic Steatohepatitis TI  - The Effect of Aerobic and Resistant Exercise Training on Hepatic Functions, Inflammatory Markers and Functional Capacity in Patients With Non-Alcoholic Steatohepatitis
Safety and Efficacy of PG102P for the coNtrol of prUritus in Patients underGoing Hemodialysis (SNUG Trial): Study Protocol for a Randomized Control Trial; In this study (SNUG trial), the investigators aim to investigate the anti-pruritic effect of PG102P in comparison with placebo in 80 patients undergoing HD. AN  - NCT03576235 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Safety and Efficacy of PG102P for Uremic Pruritus in HD Patients (SNUG) TI  - Safety and Efficacy of PG102P for the coNtrol of prUritus in Patients underGoing Hemodialysis (SNUG Trial): Study Protocol for a Randomized Control Trial
An Open Label Clinical Trial to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Calculus Bovis Sativus (CBS) for Adult Encephalitis; According to the aforementioned background processes, along with the most recent research, there was a decrease in the abundance of gut flora in patients with AE. Transplanting the fecal bacteria of individuals with anti-NMDAR encephalitis into mice's intestines resulted in cognitive impairment in the animals. This indicates that the brain-gut axis may have a significant role in the development of anti-NMDAR encephalitis. From a clinical perspective, patients consume CBS orally in order to achieve its therapeutic benefits. The primary constituents, bilirubin and bile acid, have been documented to possess regulatory effects on the gut microbiota. Thus, we hypothesize that CBS is probable to have neuroprotective and anti-inflammatory impacts on the brain through alterations in the intestinal microbiota and regulation of the brain-gut connection. CBS is expected to decrease the occurrence of symptomatic seizures and enhance the patient's level of consciousness and cognitive abilities. AN  - NCT06584045 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Efficacy and Safety of Calculus Bovis Sativus (CBS) for Adult Encephalitis (CBSinEncephalitis) TI  - An Open Label Clinical Trial to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Calculus Bovis Sativus (CBS) for Adult Encephalitis
Analgesic, Antiinflammatory and Metabolic Effects of Comarum Palustre in Patients With Osteoarthritis and Diabetes Mellitus; The study evaluates analgesic, antiinflammatory and metabolic effects of Comarum palustre in patients with knee osteoarthritis (OA) and diabetes mellitus. Patients with osteoarthritis will receive Comarum palustre together with conventional treatment of osteoarthritis and diabetes. AN  - NCT03530930 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Comarum Palustre in Knee Osteoarthritis and Diabetes TI  - Analgesic, Antiinflammatory and Metabolic Effects of Comarum Palustre in Patients With Osteoarthritis and Diabetes Mellitus
Culturally Adapted Mobile Treatment of Chronic Pain in Adolescent Survivors of Pediatric Bone Sarcoma; This is a prospective study that will conduct a series of focus groups with non-Hispanic Black and Hispanic childhood cancer survivors to obtain their input on culturally adapting a mobile CBT program for chronic pain and tDCS procedures. Once this adaptation process is completed, the investigators will conduct a feasibility trial with non-Hispanic Black, Hispanic and non-Hispanic White childhood cancer survivors of bone sarcoma with chronic pain. The feasibility study will assign eligible participants to either culturally adapted mobile CBT + active tDCS to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex or culturally adapted mobile CBT + sham tDCS. We anticipate approximately 60 participants for the focus groups and approximately 30 participants for the feasibility study for a total of about 90 participants. AN  - NCT05746429 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Culturally Adapted Mobile Treatment of Chronic Pain in Adolescent Survivors of Pediatric Bone Sarcoma TI  - Culturally Adapted Mobile Treatment of Chronic Pain in Adolescent Survivors of Pediatric Bone Sarcoma
Effect of Antibiotic Pretreatment on the Efficacy of WMT in the Treatment of Irritable Bowel Syndrome in Adults: a Multi-center, Randomized, Placebo-controlledClinical Study; This is a randomized controlled trial to explore the efficacy of antibiotic pretreatment on the efficacy of WMT in the treatment of Irritable bowel syndrome in adults: a multi-center, randomized, placebo-controlled clinical study AN  - NCT06437041 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effect of Antibiotic Pretreatment on the Efficacy of WMT in the Treatment of Irritable Bowel Syndrome TI  - Effect of Antibiotic Pretreatment on the Efficacy of WMT in the Treatment of Irritable Bowel Syndrome in Adults: a Multi-center, Randomized, Placebo-controlledClinical Study
Antibody-mediated LGI1 Encephalitis: Symptoms, Biomarkers, and Mechanisms of the Chronic Phase of the Disease; In Aim 3, a mouse model of anti-LGI1 encephalitis will be used to determine the underlying mechanisms and treatment of the postacute stage. AN  - NCT06515106 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Antibody-mediated LGI1 Encephalitis: Symptoms, Biomarkers, and Mechanisms of the Chronic Phase of the Disease TI  - Antibody-mediated LGI1 Encephalitis: Symptoms, Biomarkers, and Mechanisms of the Chronic Phase of the Disease
A Randomized Controlled Trial of the Fatty Acid Amide Hydrolase Inhibitor Palmitoylethanolamide in Bipolar Depression; The purpose of this study is to o evaluate the antidepressant efficacy of the PEA in Bipolar Depression and the association between antidepressant response with endogenous cannabinoids and cytokine levels AN  - NCT06229977 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Trial of the Fatty Acid Amide Hydrolase Inhibitor Palmitoylethanolamide in Bipolar Depression TI  - A Randomized Controlled Trial of the Fatty Acid Amide Hydrolase Inhibitor Palmitoylethanolamide in Bipolar Depression
Dexamethasone in Herpes Simplex Virus Encephalitis Open Label Randomized Controlled Trial With an Observer-blinded Evaluation at 6 Months; HSV encephalitis is often treated with the drug acyclovir (an antiviral drug which slows the growth and spread of HSV in the body). Despite this however, around 2 out of every 3 people will have memory difficulties long term. Dexamethasone is a corticosteroid medication, which works by preventing the release of natural chemicals in the body which cause inflammation. It is possible that dexamethasone could help to reduce in swelling of the brain may improve the recovery of patients with HSV encephalitis. The aim of this study is to find out whether treatment with dexamethasone can improve long-term health outcomes in adults with HSV Encephalitis. AN  - NCT03084783 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Dexamethasone in Herpes Simplex Virus Encephalitis (DexEnceph) TI  - Dexamethasone in Herpes Simplex Virus Encephalitis Open Label Randomized Controlled Trial With an Observer-blinded Evaluation at 6 Months
A Randomized, Double-blind, Multicenter Study of Subcutaneous Secukinumab, Assessing Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) Response and Maintenance of Response in Subjects With Moderate to Severe Chronic Plaque-type Psoriasis on Either a Fixed Dose Regimen or on a Retreatment at Start of Relapse Regimen; This study will assess the safety and efficacy of two different doses and two different dose regimens of subcutaneous secukinumab in patients that have moderate to severe, chronic, plaque-type psoriasis. AN  - NCT01406938 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Efficacy and Safety of Subcutaneous Secukinumab (AIN457) for Moderate to Severe Chronic Plaque-type Psoriasis Assessing Different Doses and Dose Regimens (SCULPTURE) TI  - A Randomized, Double-blind, Multicenter Study of Subcutaneous Secukinumab, Assessing Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) Response and Maintenance of Response in Subjects With Moderate to Severe Chronic Plaque-type Psoriasis on Either a Fixed Dose Regimen or on a Retreatment at Start of Relapse Regimen
Learning, Neural Signaling of Cortisol, and Early Adversity in Depression; Medications that target cortisol receptors in the brain may be beneficial in the treatment of depression. However, this knowledge has yet to inform clinical practice, and mechanisms of action of these medications are not well understood. This project is significant because it provides the prerequisite knowledge (and develops a paradigm) that can be used in the future in the development of more effective targeted intervention strategies. AN  - NCT03195933 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Depression, Adversity, and Stress Hormones (DASH) Study (DASH) TI  - Learning, Neural Signaling of Cortisol, and Early Adversity in Depression
The Effects of Endurance Training in Women With Lipedema; There seems to be a general impression that lipedema tissue is difficult to reduce by diet, exercise, or bariatric surgery. However, only a few studies have actually explored the effects of exercise training on lipedema. Despite the lack of knowledge, the existing guidelines for lipidemia treatment promote a healthy lifestyle with individually adjusted weight control measures, including physical activity. In general, exercise is known to have an important effect on adipose tissue. Excess adipose tissue causes macrophage infiltration into the adipose tissue leading to continuous low systemic inflammation. This would suggest that there is a systemic inflammatory response in lipedema patients. Increasing IL-6 levels with exercise can decrease the level of proinflammatory TNFalpha synthesized from adipocytes and therefore lead to an anti-inflammatory effect by increasing IL-10 and IL-1ra levels. IL-6 also stimulates fat oxidation by increasing lipolysis. For these reasons, adding an appropriate exercise program to standard treatment might provide additional benefits for lipedema patients. The investigators aim to determine the therapeutic potential of high-intensity interval training (HIIT) on pain, quality of life, body composition, cardiorespiratory fitness and circulating biomarkers in women with lipedema. AN  - NCT05488977 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Effects of Endurance Training on Lipedema (LipidEx) TI  - The Effects of Endurance Training in Women With Lipedema
Using Personalized Risk and Digital Tools to Guide Transitions Following Acute Kidney Events - Virtual Care: Virtual Home Hospital With Remote Monitoring to Reduce Acute Care Hospitalization; 2. Virtual Care Delivered through Hospital at Home (VC) Duration of administration: Determined by the Patient's clinical team Reference therapy: Usual Care Statistical Analyses: Descriptive Analysis, Regression AN  - NCT06537453 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - UPTAKE - Virtual Care: Virtual Home Hospital With Remote Monitoring to Reduce Acute Care Hospitalization (UPTAKE-VC) TI  - Using Personalized Risk and Digital Tools to Guide Transitions Following Acute Kidney Events - Virtual Care: Virtual Home Hospital With Remote Monitoring to Reduce Acute Care Hospitalization
Impact of Enhanced Recovery After Surgery (ERAS) Pathway on Outcomes in Patients Undergoing Robot-Assisted Laparoscopic Radical Prostatectomy: A Randomized Controlled Trial; Prostate cancer ranks second among all malignances in men and has become a significant threat to men's health. Robot-assisted laparoscopic radical prostatectomy (RARP) has become a standard treatment for prostate cancer. How to improve recovery following RARP surgery is worth investigating. The enhanced recovery after surgery (ERAS) pathway involves a series of evidence-based procedures. It is aimed to reduce the systemic stress response to surgery and shorten the length of hospital stay. This randomized trial aims to investigate the impact of Enhanced Recovery After Surgery (ERAS) Pathway on early outcomes after RARP surgery. AN  - NCT05576766 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Enhanced Recovery After Surgery (ERAS) Pathway in Patients Undergoing Robot-Assisted Laparoscopic Radical Prostatectomy TI  - Impact of Enhanced Recovery After Surgery (ERAS) Pathway on Outcomes in Patients Undergoing Robot-Assisted Laparoscopic Radical Prostatectomy: A Randomized Controlled Trial
Effectiveness of a Multidisciplinary Treatment for Patients with Chronic Low Back Pain (PAINDOC Protocol): Randomized, Parallel-group, Two-arm, Single-blind Clinical Trial (PAINDOC Project); Researchers will assess the effectiveness of the multidisciplinary treatment group comparing both groups to see if there is any difference in several pain-related outcomes. AN  - NCT06679205 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effectiveness of a Multidisciplinary Treatment for Patients with Chronic Low Back Pain (PAINDOC) TI  - Effectiveness of a Multidisciplinary Treatment for Patients with Chronic Low Back Pain (PAINDOC Protocol): Randomized, Parallel-group, Two-arm, Single-blind Clinical Trial (PAINDOC Project)
Booster Effects With Autoimmune Treatments in Patients With Poor Response to Initial COVID-19 Vaccine (ACV01); - Juvenile Dermatomyositis (JDM) AN  - NCT05000216 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - COVID-19 Booster Vaccine in Autoimmune Disease Non-Responders TI  - Booster Effects With Autoimmune Treatments in Patients With Poor Response to Initial COVID-19 Vaccine (ACV01)
Prospective Interventional Study to Evaluate the Impact of Diet and Lifestyle Modification on the Intestinal Barrier Integrity in Crohn's Disease; - document their intake of food and their symptoms in an App-based diary throughout the study participation AN  - NCT06719778 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Impact of Diet and Lifestyle Modification on the Intestinal Barrier Integrity in Crohn's Disease (LeakyDiet) TI  - Prospective Interventional Study to Evaluate the Impact of Diet and Lifestyle Modification on the Intestinal Barrier Integrity in Crohn's Disease
Safety, Feasibility, and Efficacy of a Bio-experiential Intervention, Multi-sensory Intervention Room Application (MIRA), During Neurosciences ICU Stay; Participants, who will be patients and staff of the NSICU, will complete questionnaires regarding safety, feasibility, and efficacy. The research team will enroll 20 patient and 15 staff participants. The trial is expected to last 12 months. AN  - NCT06509815 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Multi-sensory Intervention Room Application (MIRA) Device in the NSICU TI  - Safety, Feasibility, and Efficacy of a Bio-experiential Intervention, Multi-sensory Intervention Room Application (MIRA), During Neurosciences ICU Stay
DECODE Heartland: Understanding and Addressing Disparities in Cancer Therapy Induced Inflammation and Associated Endothelial Dysfunction; Very little is understood about the off-target vascular mechanisms of anti-cancer drug toxicity and the impact of exercise on these changes. Much of what has been learned about molecular pathways regulating vascular endothelial function has been established by logical expansion of knowledge obtained through experimental studies (e.g., discovery of endothelium-derived relaxing factor/nitric oxide). Within the last 10 years technological advancements of -omics approaches, such as RNA-sequencing and shotgun proteomics, have dramatically reduced the cost and technical challenge of accessing these tools for discovery-based research. Investigators are now able to obtain unbiased datasets showing changes in transcript or protein expression within complex samples. With cost and accessibility of sequencing is no longer being substantial bottleneck, one of major challenges researchers now face is determining how to meaningfully interpret profiles from large datasets. The extensive characterization of molecular pathways impacting inflammatory responses, endothelial function and angiogenesis, the pathway and network analysis tools will be an asset for identification molecular pathways relevant to alterations in microvascular endothelial function. The investigators preliminary studies on only a small number of samples highlights this potential of the proposed approach to lead to identify personalized medicine-based profiles that will predict patients are likely to develop microvascular endothelial dysfunction from CTx. AN  - NCT05223322 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Understanding and Addressing Disparities in Cancer Therapy Induced Inflammation and Associated Endothelial Dysfunction (DECODE) TI  - DECODE Heartland: Understanding and Addressing Disparities in Cancer Therapy Induced Inflammation and Associated Endothelial Dysfunction
High-intensity Resistance Training in People With Multiple Sclerosis Experiencing Fatigue - Effects on Functioning, Wellbeing and Inflammatory Biological Markers; Fatigue is one of the most frequently reported and disabling impairments in multiple sclerosis (MS) and is associated with activity limitations, participation restrictions and reduced health-related quality of life (HRQL).MS fatigue is thought to be related to the disease itself, where increased levels of inflammatory biological markers (cytokines) are contributing. Resistance training may have an anti-inflammatory effect where a higher intensity is thought to have a more profound effect. Moderate-intensity resistance training is well tolerated in people with MS (PwMS) and can reduce self-reported fatigue. There is, however, a lack of high-quality studies including only fatigued PwMS when evaluating exercise regimes. Furthermore, the optimal dose (i.e. the combination of duration, frequency and intensity) is not known. Our hypothesis is that high-intensity resistance training will have positive effects in fatigued PwMS on functioning (fatigue, mood, activities and participation) and wellbeing/HRQL; and a positive immunomodulatory effect measured by inflammatory biological markers in blood. Further, that high-intensity resistance training twice a week will be superior to once a week AN  - NCT04562376 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - High-intensity Resistance Training in People With Multiple Sclerosis Experiencing Fatigue TI  - High-intensity Resistance Training in People With Multiple Sclerosis Experiencing Fatigue - Effects on Functioning, Wellbeing and Inflammatory Biological Markers
Effects of N-Acetyl-Cysteine on Oxidative Stress Biomarkers in Bipolar Patients With and Without Tobacco Use Disorder; Effects of N-Acetyl-Cysteine in patients with bipolar depression (primary outcome is Hamilton Depression Rating Scale) with and without tobacco use disorder and on inflammatory and oxidative stress biomarkers AN  - NCT02252341 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Efficacy of N-Acetyl-Cysteine in Bipolar Disorder and Tobacco Use Disorder (NACBD) TI  - Effects of N-Acetyl-Cysteine on Oxidative Stress Biomarkers in Bipolar Patients With and Without Tobacco Use Disorder
Examining the Impact of Sirolimus on Ketamine's Antidepressant Effects; The aim of the study is to provide insight into the impact of the immunosuppressant drug sirolimus, on the antidepressant effects of the prototypal rapid-acting antidepressant medication, ketamine. AN  - NCT02487485 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Examining the Impact of Sirolimus on Ketamine's Antidepressant Effects TI  - Examining the Impact of Sirolimus on Ketamine's Antidepressant Effects
Efficacy of an Intervention to Increase Therapeutic Adherence in Patients With Secondary Prevention for Cardiovascular Disease.; Researchers will compare intervention group (health education, use of mobile phones, personalized dosage system) to the control group (routine follow-up). AN  - NCT06510946 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Improving Therapeutic Adherence in Cardiovascular Secondary Prevention. (AT-PSC) TI  - Efficacy of an Intervention to Increase Therapeutic Adherence in Patients With Secondary Prevention for Cardiovascular Disease.
A Multicenter, Open Registry of Patients With Plaque Psoriasis Who Are Candidates for Systemic Therapy Including Biologics; The purpose of this study is to further evaluate the safety of infliximab, ustekinumab, and guselkumab in patients with plaque and other forms of psoriasis. The study also includes patients receiving other therapies, such as non-biologic and other biologic agents. The registry also evaluates patient and disease characteristics, including patient-reported assessment of psoriatic arthritis (PsA); and clinical and quality of life outcomes. AN  - NCT00508547 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Psoriasis Longitudinal Assessment and Registry (PSOLAR) TI  - A Multicenter, Open Registry of Patients With Plaque Psoriasis Who Are Candidates for Systemic Therapy Including Biologics
Open-Label Exploratory Investigation Of NPL-2003 In Adolescents With Obsessive Compulsive Disorder; The purpose of this study is to investigate the effect of NPL-2003 on the symptoms of Obsessive Compulsive Disorder (OCD) in an adolescent population. AN  - NCT00515255 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study of NPL-2003 in Adolescents With Obsessive Compulsive Disorder (OCD) TI  - Open-Label Exploratory Investigation Of NPL-2003 In Adolescents With Obsessive Compulsive Disorder
Clinical, Functional and Inflammatory Evaluation in Asthmatic Patients After a Simple Short-Term Educational Program; Background: Patient education is one of the pillars of asthma treatment according to GINA guidelines. It has considered essential for adherence to treatment and for correct technique of inhaled devices. AN  - NCT03655392 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Clinical, Functional and Inflammatory Evaluation in Asthmatic Patients After a Simple Short-Term Educational Program TI  - Clinical, Functional and Inflammatory Evaluation in Asthmatic Patients After a Simple Short-Term Educational Program
Effectiveness of an mHealth Psychosocial Intervention to Prevent Transition From Acute to Chronic Postsurgical Pain in Adolescents; This is a randomized controlled trial to test effectiveness of the SurgeryPal intervention vs. education control to improve acute and chronic pain and health outcomes in youth undergoing major musculoskeletal surgery. Youth will be randomized on an individual level using a factorial design to SurgeryPal or Education during 2 phases of intervention: 1) pre-operative phase (4 week duration delivered over the 4 weeks leading up to surgery), and 2) post-operative phase (4 week duration following surgery). Thus there will be 4 treatment arms. Participants will undergo 4 assessments, independent of their treatment assignment: T1: Baseline (pre-randomization); T2: acute post-surgery outcomes (daily assessment of acute outcomes beginning day 1 through day 14 after hospital discharge from surgery); T3: Post-surgery follow-up (assessment of outcomes at 3-months post-surgery); T4: Final post-surgery follow-up (assessment of outcomes at 6-months post-surgery). AN  - NCT04637802 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Digital Health Psychosocial Intervention for Adolescent Spine Surgery Preparation and Recovery (SurgeryPal) TI  - Effectiveness of an mHealth Psychosocial Intervention to Prevent Transition From Acute to Chronic Postsurgical Pain in Adolescents
A Multicenter, Randomized, Double-blind, Phase III Trial to Evaluate the Safety, Immunogenicity, and Efficacy of MSB11022 Compared With Humira® in Patients With Moderately to Severely Active Rheumatoid Arthritis; The purpose of this study is to compare the efficacy, safety and immunogenicity of MSB11022 and Humira® in adult participants with rheumatoid arthritis (RA). AN  - NCT03052322 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - MSB11022 in Moderate to Severe Rheumatoid Arthritis (Auriel-RA) TI  - A Multicenter, Randomized, Double-blind, Phase III Trial to Evaluate the Safety, Immunogenicity, and Efficacy of MSB11022 Compared With Humira® in Patients With Moderately to Severely Active Rheumatoid Arthritis
Acupuncture for Inflammatory Pain and Central Sensitization - A Pilot Study; Participants will return for another ultraviolet B exposure adjacent to the first, and will receive whichever sham or true acupuncture intervention was not performed on the first study day. AN  - NCT01945190 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Acupuncture for Inflammatory Pain and Central Sensitization - A Pilot Study TI  - Acupuncture for Inflammatory Pain and Central Sensitization - A Pilot Study
Genotype-guided Strategy for Antithrombotic Treatment Versus Conventional Clopidogrel Therapy in Peripheral Arterial Disease.; Main study parameters/endpoints: The primary combined outcome is the occurrence of adverse clinical events related to arterial thrombosis at 24 months. The occurrence of major adverse cardiovascular events, major adverse limb events, death and clinically relevant bleedings are the secondary endpoints. AN  - NCT04619927 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Genotype-guided Strategy for Antithrombotic Treatment in Peripheral Arterial Disease. (GENPAD) TI  - Genotype-guided Strategy for Antithrombotic Treatment Versus Conventional Clopidogrel Therapy in Peripheral Arterial Disease.
Nabilone Use for Acute Pain in Inflammatory Bowel Disease Patients With Chronic Opioid Use Undergoing Gastrointestinal Surgery: A Single-centered Randomized Controlled Trial; The goal is two-fold. One is to demonstrate that patients will benefit from post-operative nabilone administration to achieve/maintain the opioid-sparing and pain modulation effects. Second is to demonstrate patients will benefit from the anti-inflammatory and immunomodulatory effects of nabilone to alleviate IBD symptoms and enhance recovery. AN  - NCT03422861 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Nabilone Use For Acute Pain in Inflammatory Bowel Disease Patients TI  - Nabilone Use for Acute Pain in Inflammatory Bowel Disease Patients With Chronic Opioid Use Undergoing Gastrointestinal Surgery: A Single-centered Randomized Controlled Trial
Non-interventional Study on the Quality of Life Before and After Intake of Sinolpan® (Forte) in Inflammatory Diseases of the Respiratory Tract - an Anonymous Patient Survey; This non-interventional study investigates the Quality of Life of patients suffering from rhinosinusitis. Patients who seek advice in a pharmacy and choose to intake Sinolpan® or Sinolpan® forte or to use nasally applied α-sympathomimetics can participate in this anonymous patient survey. AN  - NCT04703673 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Sinolpan® Pharmacy Non-interventional Study - Quality of Live TI  - Non-interventional Study on the Quality of Life Before and After Intake of Sinolpan® (Forte) in Inflammatory Diseases of the Respiratory Tract - an Anonymous Patient Survey
IV Ceftriaxone for Refractory Psychosis: a Controlled Trial; Recently it was shown that a commonly available antibiotic (ceftriaxone) has the unique neuroprotective function of decreasing the amount of extracellular glutamate in nervous system tissue by increasing the number of glutamate transporter proteins. Our clinical experience with patients who have refractory psychosis and past Lyme disease indicates that in some patients psychosis may improve with IV ceftriaxone therapy. Whether this improvement was due to its antimicrobial or glutamate effect or a placebo effect is uncertain. In a placebo-controlled design, this study investigates the ability of ceftriaxone to decrease psychotic symptoms in patients with refractory psychotic disorders. In addition, the study will examine glutamatergic functional activity before and after treatment using brain imaging with magnetic resonance spectroscopy. AN  - NCT00591318 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Placebo-controlled Efficacy Study of IV Ceftriaxone for Refractory Psychosis TI  - IV Ceftriaxone for Refractory Psychosis: a Controlled Trial
Beta-Cryptoxanthin (BCX) Supplementation and Circulating Carotenoid Concentrations in Women: A Randomized, Controlled, Double-blinded and 8 Week Parallel Trial; Beta-cryptoxanthin (BCX) is a naturally occurring member of the carotenoid family, found in a wide range of fruits and vegetables. The unique biological functions of BCX have not been well-established, although BCX, like other members of the carotenoids have antioxidant functions. BCX, may also serve as a precursor of Vitamin A. Vitamin A has a wide range of functions including maintain immunity, vision, growth and development. Whilst not specific for BCX, epidemiological studies indicate that dietary intake of carotenoids may be of benefit in maintaining cognitive health and reducing stress via its antioxidant, anti-inflammatory and immunomodulatory properties. This pilot study aims to establish the relationship between supplemental dose and circulating concentrations of BCX and related carotenoids in circulation. Results obtained from this study will provide greater insight of bioavailability and carotenoid metabolism, necessary for larger supplementation in selected target populations. AN  - NCT05046457 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Beta-cryptoxanthin Supplement: Absorption and Function (BETA+) TI  - Beta-Cryptoxanthin (BCX) Supplementation and Circulating Carotenoid Concentrations in Women: A Randomized, Controlled, Double-blinded and 8 Week Parallel Trial
Evaluation of Different Treatment Modalities in Children With Myalgia or Arthralgia in the Temporomandibular Region - a Randomized, Single-blinded, Controlled Non-inferiority Study; Therefore, the aim of this project is to investigate the effectiveness and possible side-effects of different treatment modalities, such as an occlusal appliance, jaw exercises, NSAID for the conditions myalgia orarthralgia in the orofacial region in children with primary or mixed dentition. AN  - NCT03849534 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Treatment of Temporomandibular Disorders in Children and Adolsecents (TMD/PED) TI  - Evaluation of Different Treatment Modalities in Children With Myalgia or Arthralgia in the Temporomandibular Region - a Randomized, Single-blinded, Controlled Non-inferiority Study
Role of the Sympathetic Nervous System (ANS) Dysregulation in the Persistence of Fatigue in Rheumatoid Arthritis Patients Treated With Anti-TNF (Tumor Necrosis Factor) - a Monocentric Cross-sectional Study; This dissociation between disease activity and fatigue level suggests that fatigue is multifactorial. No consistent explanations for fatigue are currently available. AN  - NCT02475486 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Role of the ANS Dysregulation in the Persistence of Fatigue in Rheumatoid Arthritis Patients Treated With Anti-TNF (ANSRA) TI  - Role of the Sympathetic Nervous System (ANS) Dysregulation in the Persistence of Fatigue in Rheumatoid Arthritis Patients Treated With Anti-TNF (Tumor Necrosis Factor) - a Monocentric Cross-sectional Study
Assessing the Effectiveness of a Stress Reduction Intervention in Inflammatory Bowel Disease (IBD): a Prospective Randomized Controlled Trial (RCT); The investigators have designed a guided, online, tri-component, stress reduction intervention for participants with inflammatory bowel diseases. AN  - NCT03831750 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Assessing the Effectiveness of a Stress Reduction Intervention in Inflammatory Bowel Disease (IBD) TI  - Assessing the Effectiveness of a Stress Reduction Intervention in Inflammatory Bowel Disease (IBD): a Prospective Randomized Controlled Trial (RCT)
Multicenter Study of the Safety and Efficacy of Adalimumab in Subjects With Moderate to Severe Chronic Plaque Psoriasis; Study of the Safety and Efficacy of Adalimumab in Subjects with Moderate to Severe Chronic Plaque Psoriasis AN  - NCT00645814 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Multicenter Study of the Safety and Efficacy of Adalimumab in Subjects With Moderate to Severe Chronic Plaque Psoriasis TI  - Multicenter Study of the Safety and Efficacy of Adalimumab in Subjects With Moderate to Severe Chronic Plaque Psoriasis
Effect of a Polyphenol-rich Food Supplement on Cognitive Function in Healthy Aging Adults: Randomized, Placebo-controlled, Double-blind Clinical Trial; Based on these promising results, a food supplement from botanicals offering complementary polyphenol profile was developed. This food supplement is aimed to aid at maintenance of cognitive function in older adults. AN  - NCT02063646 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effect of a Polyphenol-rich Food Supplement on Cognitive Function in Healthy Aging Adults (Neurophenol) TI  - Effect of a Polyphenol-rich Food Supplement on Cognitive Function in Healthy Aging Adults: Randomized, Placebo-controlled, Double-blind Clinical Trial
A Phase 3 Randomized, Open-label, Multicenter Study Comparing Isatuximab (SAR650984) in Combination With Pomalidomide and Low-Dose Dexamethasone Versus Pomalidomide and Low-Dose Dexamethasone in Patients With Refractory or Relapsed and Refractory Multiple Myeloma; - To assess disease-specific and generic health-related quality of life (HRQL), disease and treatment-related symptoms, health state utility, and health status. AN  - NCT02990338 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Multinational Clinical Study Comparing Isatuximab, Pomalidomide, and Dexamethasone to Pomalidomide and Dexamethasone in Refractory or Relapsed and Refractory Multiple Myeloma Patients (ICARIA-MM) TI  - A Phase 3 Randomized, Open-label, Multicenter Study Comparing Isatuximab (SAR650984) in Combination With Pomalidomide and Low-Dose Dexamethasone Versus Pomalidomide and Low-Dose Dexamethasone in Patients With Refractory or Relapsed and Refractory Multiple Myeloma
Pirfenidone to Prevent Fibrosis in ARDS. A Randomized Controlled Trial - PIONEER; This is a randomized controlled study to evaluate for the first time the efficacy of Pirfenidone in ARDS. AN  - NCT05075161 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Pirfenidone to Prevent Fibrosis in Ards. (PIONEER) TI  - Pirfenidone to Prevent Fibrosis in ARDS. A Randomized Controlled Trial - PIONEER
Effectiveness of Therapeutic Fasting and Specific Diet in Patients With Rheumatoid Arthritis: a Randomized Controlled Clinical Trial; The aim of this trial is an evaluation of the effectiveness of fasting and a subsequent diagnosis-specific diet change in patients with rheumatoid arthritis in respect to improving rheumatic symptoms and further to investigate possible mechanisms of this improvement. AN  - NCT03856190 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effectiveness of Therapeutic Fasting and Specific Diet in Patients With Rheumatoid Arthritis (NutriFast) TI  - Effectiveness of Therapeutic Fasting and Specific Diet in Patients With Rheumatoid Arthritis: a Randomized Controlled Clinical Trial
Oral Supplement in Older Adults to Support Physical Fitness and Mental Well-being; Randomisation will be blinded, and the participant and the researcher will not know what group participants in until after the completion of the study, then it will be disclosed. AN  - NCT05878847 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Oral Supplement in Older Adults to Support Physical Fitness and Mental Well-being (PQQA) TI  - Oral Supplement in Older Adults to Support Physical Fitness and Mental Well-being
An Open Label Clinical Trial to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Calculus Bovis Sativus (CBS) for Ischemic Cerebral Vascular Disease; The investigators' objective is to carry out an investigator-initiated clinical study to assess the efficacy of orally administered CBS in treating ischemic cerebrovascular diseases in humans. AN  - NCT06474507 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Efficacy and Safety of Calculus Bovis Sativus (CBS) for Ischemic Cerebral Vascular Disease (CBSinICVD) TI  - An Open Label Clinical Trial to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Calculus Bovis Sativus (CBS) for Ischemic Cerebral Vascular Disease
Real World Clinical and Patient-Reported Outcomes of Patients With Moderate-to-Severe Rheumatoid Arthritis Initiating Upadacitinib in the United Kingdom: A Prospective, Observational Cohort Study; No additional study-related tests will be conducted during the routine physician visits. Only data which are routinely collected during a regular visit will be utilized for this study. AN  - NCT05170646 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - An Observational Study to Assess the Real-World Effectiveness of Upadacitinib in Adult Participants With Rheumatoid Arthritis (ENDEAVOUR) TI  - Real World Clinical and Patient-Reported Outcomes of Patients With Moderate-to-Severe Rheumatoid Arthritis Initiating Upadacitinib in the United Kingdom: A Prospective, Observational Cohort Study
Modulation of Glutamatergic Neurotransmission in the Treatment of Bipolar Depression; We aim to study the efficacy of intravenous ceftriaxone in a four-week, inpatient, placebo-controlled, double-blind study, as an augmentation therapy in patients with bipolar disorder, currently depressed, who have failed to respond to conventional treatments. AN  - NCT00566111 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Ceftriaxone in the Management of Bipolar Depression TI  - Modulation of Glutamatergic Neurotransmission in the Treatment of Bipolar Depression
Effects of Omega-3 Fatty Acids on Bone and Frailty; The purpose of this study is to examine the effects of essential fatty acid (EFA) supplementation on bone metabolism and frailty in postmenopausal women. The overall hypothesis is that EFA supplementation, via its immunoregulatory and anti-inflammatory activity, will decrease bone turnover, decrease prostaglandins and cytokines associated with bone metabolism and frailty, and change physical outcome measures associated with frailty in postmenopausal women with low bone mass and frailty. AN  - NCT00634686 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effects of Omega-3 Fatty Acids on Bone and Frailty TI  - Effects of Omega-3 Fatty Acids on Bone and Frailty
The Efficacy of Steroid-Sparing Anti-Emetic Therapy in Patients Treated With High or Moderate Emetogenic Chemotherapy; Single Center Non-Inferiority Open Label Randomized Controlled Trial; The purpose of this research is to compare two drugs that are routinely used as standard of care for treating nausea and vomiting caused by chemotherapy. This study aims to see if the drug olanzapine is as good as the steroid drug dexamethasone for preventing nausea and vomiting after chemotherapy. Both drugs are listed as appropriate treatment options in the most recent version of National Comprehensive Cancer Network guidelines on Antiemesis. AN  - NCT05590923 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Steroid-sparing Therapy (Olanzapine) Versus Dexamethasone-based Therapy for Chemotherapy-induced Nausea and Vomiting TI  - The Efficacy of Steroid-Sparing Anti-Emetic Therapy in Patients Treated With High or Moderate Emetogenic Chemotherapy; Single Center Non-Inferiority Open Label Randomized Controlled Trial
A Randomized Phase 3, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Study of Elacestrant Plus Everolimus Versus Elacestrant in Patients With ER+/HER2-, ESR1mut Advanced Breast Cancer Progressing to Endocrine Therapy and CDK4/6 Inhibitors; Rigorous eligibility criteria based on specific co-morbidities and clinicopathologic features of their disease have been designed to minimize the risk of patients participating in this study. The anticipated favorable clinical benefits of elacestrant combined with everolimus are projected to outweigh the risks of this treatment. This study will be performed in full compliance with International Council for Harmonisation of Technical Requirements for Pharmaceuticals for Human Use (ICH) and all applicable local Good Clinical Practice (GCP) and regulations. AN  - NCT06382948 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Elacestrant + Everolimus in Patients ER+/HER2-, ESR1mut, Advanced Breast Cancer Progressing to ET and CDK4/6i. (ADELA) TI  - A Randomized Phase 3, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Study of Elacestrant Plus Everolimus Versus Elacestrant in Patients With ER+/HER2-, ESR1mut Advanced Breast Cancer Progressing to Endocrine Therapy and CDK4/6 Inhibitors
Phase II Trial of Interleukin-1 Receptor Antagonist in Intracerebral Haemorrhage: BLOcking the Cytokine IL-1 in ICH; The level of inflammation in the blood is high after ICH. The investigators want to investigate whether blocking this inflammation can improve overall recovery. The investigators research group has extensively investigated the use of a well-established anti-inflammatory drug, Kineret® in trials with patients who have suffered a stroke or brain haemorrhage. Kineret® is similar to a naturally-produced protein called interleukin-1 receptor antagonist (IL-1Ra) and is already licensed to treat patients with rheumatoid arthritis. The investigators have evidence from these previous studies that Kineret® reduced levels of inflammation in the blood after ischaemic stroke (caused by a blockage in an artery). However, in order to develop Kineret® as a treatment for ICH, the investigators need to know if it reduces levels of inflammation present in the blood following ICH and if it reduces swelling in the brain. AN  - NCT03737344 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - BLOC-ICH: Interleukin-1 Receptor Antagonist in Intracerebral Haemorrhage (BLOC-ICH) TI  - Phase II Trial of Interleukin-1 Receptor Antagonist in Intracerebral Haemorrhage: BLOcking the Cytokine IL-1 in ICH
The Treatment of Shoulder Pain in Hemiplegic Spastic Patients With Botulinum Toxin A; This study is designed as a prospective, double-blind, randomized, controlled study in two Rehabilitation Centers (Rehabilitation Center from Santa Casa de São Paulo and Hospital de Clínicas of Universidade de Sao Paulo - Ribeirão Preto). AN  - NCT04470401 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Treatment of Shoulder Pain in Hemiplegic Spastic Patients With Botulinum Toxin A (dolomtox) TI  - The Treatment of Shoulder Pain in Hemiplegic Spastic Patients With Botulinum Toxin A
Multicenter Extension Study of the Safety and Efficacy of Adalimumab in Subjects With Moderate to Severe Chronic Plaque Psoriasis; Study of the Safety and Efficacy of Adalimumab in Subjects with Moderate to Severe Chronic Plaque Psoriasis AN  - NCT00646191 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study of the Safety and Efficacy of Adalimumab in Subjects With Moderate to Severe Chronic Plaque Psoriasis TI  - Multicenter Extension Study of the Safety and Efficacy of Adalimumab in Subjects With Moderate to Severe Chronic Plaque Psoriasis
Prospective, Randomized, Single Center Study of Atherothrombotic and Thromboembolic Events After Carotid Artery Stenting Using Transfemoral and Transradial Approach; The aim is to compare the safety of using transfemoral and transradial approach in patient undergoing carotid arteries stenting. AN  - NCT02722720 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Carotid Arteries Stenting Complications: Transradial Approach Versus Transfemoral TI  - Prospective, Randomized, Single Center Study of Atherothrombotic and Thromboembolic Events After Carotid Artery Stenting Using Transfemoral and Transradial Approach
A Multicenter Study With a Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Induction Dosing Period Followed by a Randomized Withdrawal Maintenance Dosing Period to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Mirikizumab in Patients With Moderate-to-Severe Plaque Psoriasis OASIS-1; The purpose of this study is to evaluate the efficacy and safety of mirikizumab in participants with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. AN  - NCT03482011 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Mirikizumab (LY3074828) in Participants With Moderate-to-Severe Plaque Psoriasis (OASIS-1) TI  - A Multicenter Study With a Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Induction Dosing Period Followed by a Randomized Withdrawal Maintenance Dosing Period to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Mirikizumab in Patients With Moderate-to-Severe Plaque Psoriasis OASIS-1
Pain Response Evaluation of a Combined Intervention to Cope Effectively (PRECICE); The purpose of this research is is to determine if the combination of non-opioid medication (duloxetine) and web-based pain-coping skills training (PCST) is beneficial for individuals with chronic musculoskeletal pain (CMP). AN  - NCT04395001 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Pain Response Evaluation of a Combined Intervention to Cope Effectively (PRECICE) TI  - Pain Response Evaluation of a Combined Intervention to Cope Effectively (PRECICE)
An Open Label, Randomized, Waitlist Controlled Trial of Tart Cherry and Omega-3's for Aromatase Inhibitor Musculoskeletal Symptoms; There is preliminary evidence in mouse models that when given together, these supplements may have an even greater anti-inflammatory effect than when taken separately14. Although to our knowledge, no human studies have tested this hypothesis. This study has been designed to test the hypothesis that Tart Cherry and fish oil when given in combination over a 12-week period could produce beneficial changes in joint function when compared to Tart Cherry or fish oil in isolation in an obese breast cancer population experiencing AIMSS. Secondary outcomes to be assessed include pain, functional performance, quality of life and cognition. AN  - NCT06123286 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Tart Cherry and Omega-3's for Aromatase Inhibitor Musculoskeletal Symptoms TI  - An Open Label, Randomized, Waitlist Controlled Trial of Tart Cherry and Omega-3's for Aromatase Inhibitor Musculoskeletal Symptoms
Opioid Free Anesthesia Versus Opioid Based Anesthesia for Improvement of the Surgical Field Condition in Elderly Patients Undergoing Arthroscopic Shoulder Surgery. A Randomized Comparative Study; Aim is to Compare OFA with Opioid anesthesia (OA) as regards improvement of the surgical field condition in elderly patients undergoing arthroscopic shoulder surgery under general anesthesia. AN  - NCT05577117 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Fentanyl vs Dexmedetomidine for Arthriscopic Shoulder Intervention in Elderly. TI  - Opioid Free Anesthesia Versus Opioid Based Anesthesia for Improvement of the Surgical Field Condition in Elderly Patients Undergoing Arthroscopic Shoulder Surgery. A Randomized Comparative Study
Quality of Life Improvement in Dry Eye Patients After Intense Pulsed Light Therapy Compared to Punctal Plugs; The study included 30 patients with severe to moderate evaporative dry eye secondary to MGD. The effect of DED on patients' QOL was evaluated with the aid of ocular surface disease index (OSDI) questionnaire. Fifteen patients were treated with IPL therapy. The treatment consisted of 3 sessions, with 15 days between the first and second sessions, and 30 days between the second and third sessions. And 15 patients were treated by silicone punctal plug insertion. After the completion of treatment, the Improvement of patients' QOL was evaluated by OSDI questionnaire. The results of both treatments were compared. AN  - NCT05331924 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Quality of Life Improvement in Dry Eye Patients After Intense Pulsed Light Therapy Compared to Punctal Plugs TI  - Quality of Life Improvement in Dry Eye Patients After Intense Pulsed Light Therapy Compared to Punctal Plugs
A Multicenter, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Study Comparing the Efficacy and Safety of Mirikizumab to Secukinumab and Placebo in Patients With Moderate-to-Severe Plaque Psoriasis OASIS-2; The reason for this study is to see how effective and safe mirikizumab is compared to secukinumab and placebo for moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. AN  - NCT03535194 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study to Assess if Mirikizumab is Effective and Safe Compared to Secukinumab and Placebo in Moderate to Severe Plaque Psoriasis (OASIS-2) TI  - A Multicenter, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Study Comparing the Efficacy and Safety of Mirikizumab to Secukinumab and Placebo in Patients With Moderate-to-Severe Plaque Psoriasis OASIS-2
Antidote for Valproic Acid Toxicity: a New Indication for Meropenem Antibiotic. A Randomized Placebo-controlled Trial; Acute Valproic acid (VPA) toxicity is an emergency condition which may commonly present with central nervous system (CNS) depression(5). In mild poisoning, associated with VPA ingestions of 200 mg/kg, sedation and lethargy commonly occur(6); while in severe VPA poisoning associated with ingestions of 400 mg/kg or more, life threatening events are likely to occur as respiratory depression, metabolic acidosis, encephalopathy, hemodynamic instability, and cerebral edema which may progress to coma and even death -if not treated promptly. Supportive care along with early gastric decontamination using activated charcoal (AC) (which may only be given if patient presented early after ingestion), in addition to intravenous (IV) administration of Levocarnitine (L-Carnitine) and ensuring adequate airway protection are the cornerstone of treatment, but there remains no drug listed as a specific antidote for acute VPA intoxication. Carbapenem antibiotics augment the clearance of VPA through suppressing its enterohepatic recirculation, as they inhibit the acylpeptide hydrolase enzyme responsible for the reabsorption of the hydrolyzed valproate back to VPA active molecule. Taking advantage of this well-established drug-drug interaction between VPA and carbapenems resulting in significant drop of VPA serum concentration during concomitant use, we propose that administration of meropenem (member of carbapenems group) will prove effectiveness in managing VPA toxicity by achieving lower plasma levels of VPA and/or enhanced alertness; compared with standard care. AN  - NCT04671589 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Antidote for Valproic Acid Toxicity: a New Indication for Meropenem Antibiotic. TI  - Antidote for Valproic Acid Toxicity: a New Indication for Meropenem Antibiotic. A Randomized Placebo-controlled Trial
Whole Body Hyperthermia (WBH) as a Rapid Treatment for Fibromyalgia; Fibromyalgia has become an increasingly pressing public health problem in the United States. Although some treatments exist for Fibromyalgia, many individuals suffering with Fibromyalgia do not adequately respond to currently available treatment options, highlighting the need to develop and test new interventions for the disorder. To address this pressing clinical issue, we will conduct a pilot study to determine if Whole Body Hyperthermia (WBH) reduces symptoms in adults suffering from Fibromyalgia. We plan to recruit individuals with Fibromyalgia who will receive a single session of WBH to determine if this single session improves Fibromyalgia symptoms and if so whether this improvement will last at least 2 weeks. To do this, the study will include self-report symptom assessments immediately before and one and two weeks after WBH. In addition blood will be collected at these time points to explore whether WBH changes immune system chemicals that are believed to contribute to fibromyalgia. We intend to conduct the study until 10 individuals with fibromyalgia have received a single treatment of WBH and have completed all pre-treatment and post-treatment assessments. Given scientific evidence from our research group that WBH may improve depression, we anticipate that it may also be of benefit or adults suffering from Fibromyalgia. AN  - NCT02332694 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Whole Body Hyperthermia (WBH) as a Rapid Treatment for Fibromyalgia (Fibro and WBH) TI  - Whole Body Hyperthermia (WBH) as a Rapid Treatment for Fibromyalgia
Mechanisms Explaining Psychological Distress In CErvical Cancer Patients and Partners (DICE): a Population-based Prospective Study; Objective: Gain insight into the mechanisms explaining psychological distress (i.e. anxiety, depression, cancer worry, perceived stress) in a prospective population-based sample of cervical cancer patients. Factors to be studied include characteristics of the individual (demographical and clinical, including comorbidities), characteristics of the environment ((sexual) relationships), biological function (cortisol, melatonin and sex hormone production assessed in scalp hair, inflammation and telomere length assessed in blood, overall quality of life (EORTC QLQ-C30), symptoms (EORTC QLQ-CX24), functional status (physical activity and sleep measured using the Actigraph activity tracker, and food intake measured using the online 'Eetmeter'), and general health perceptions (B-IPQ). The second aim is to assess the impact of cervical cancer on partners' distress (cancer worry, illness perceptions, relationship quality, dyadic coping). AN  - NCT04475354 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Distress In CErvical Cancer Patients and Partners (DICE) TI  - Mechanisms Explaining Psychological Distress In CErvical Cancer Patients and Partners (DICE): a Population-based Prospective Study
Antibiotic Stewardship Through CRP-guided Antibiotic Treatment for Patients With Acute Exacerbation of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (AECOPD); The intervention group will exhibit reduction in antibiotic duration at 4-weeks, without negatively impacting on COPD health status, compared with the control group. AN  - NCT05286918 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Antibiotic Stewardship in AECOPD Through CRP-Guided Management TI  - Antibiotic Stewardship Through CRP-guided Antibiotic Treatment for Patients With Acute Exacerbation of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (AECOPD)
BARIcitinib Cognitive Emotional and Neural signaTuRE (BARICENTRE); Phase 4 study, Double-blind randomized control study with patients receiving placebo or baricitinib for 7 days, then open label study until day 42 with all patients receiving baricitinib during 5 weeks. AN  - NCT05238896 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - BARIcitinib Cognitive Emotional and Neural signaTuRE (BARICENTRE) TI  - BARIcitinib Cognitive Emotional and Neural signaTuRE (BARICENTRE)
Effects of Acetaminophen on Pain Response Among Overweight or Obese Women Exposed to Weight Stigmatization; The purpose of this study is to evaluate the influence of acetaminophen on pain response and inflammation. AN  - NCT04573426 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Pain and Acetaminophen in Women Study (PAWS) TI  - Effects of Acetaminophen on Pain Response Among Overweight or Obese Women Exposed to Weight Stigmatization
Effect of Transversus Abdominis Plan Block and Recto-Intercostal Fascial Plan Block in Laparoscopic Cholecystectomy; Recently, the use of interfascial plane blocks under ultrasound guidance (USG), considered easy and safe, has increased in LC surgery. The TAP block, first described by Rafi in 2001 and later refined by McDonnell et al. in 2004 as a field block for abdominal surgeries, provides analgesia by blocking the 7th-11th intercostal nerves (T7-T11), the subcostal nerve (T12), and the ilioinguinal (IIN) and iliohypogastric nerves (IHN) (L1-L2). Hebbard et al. later described an ultrasound-guided approach to the TAP block. The recto-intercostal fascial plane block (RIFPB) was introduced in 2023 by Tulgar et al. as an alternative to parasternal intercostal blocks for parasternal surgeries and is reported to block almost the entire upper abdomen. In a case series by Ömür et al., RIFPB was shown to provide both lower sternal and epigastric blockade and sensory block across the upper anterolateral abdomen. AN  - NCT06673524 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effect of Transversus Abdominis Plan Block and Recto-Intercostal Fascial Plan Block in Laparoscopic Cholecystectomy TI  - Effect of Transversus Abdominis Plan Block and Recto-Intercostal Fascial Plan Block in Laparoscopic Cholecystectomy
Low-dose Dobutamine Infusion and Single-dose Tocilizumab in Acute Myocardial Infarction Patients With High Risk of Cardiogenic Shock Development - a 2x2 Multifactorial, Double-blinded, Randomized, Placebo Controlled Trial; The rationale behind the current study is that inflammatory and neurohormonal responses are associated with subclinical hemodynamic instability in patients with AMI with high risk of CS have worse outcomes. The potentially unstable condition may be targeted pharmacologically as an add-on to existing therapy. This is investigated in patients at elevated risk of CS by sampling biomarkers reflecting the inflammatory and neurohormonal responses, as well as determining effects on patient outcomes and infarct size. AN  - NCT05350592 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Low-Dose Dobutamine and Single-Dose Tocilizumab in Acute Myocardial Infarction With High Risk of Cardiogenic Shock (DOBERMANN) TI  - Low-dose Dobutamine Infusion and Single-dose Tocilizumab in Acute Myocardial Infarction Patients With High Risk of Cardiogenic Shock Development - a 2x2 Multifactorial, Double-blinded, Randomized, Placebo Controlled Trial
Evaluation of Brain Activity and Oxygenation Using Near-infrared Spectroscopy (NIRS) in Inflammatory Bowel Disease (IBD) Patients; Symptoms such as fatigue, sleep disturbances, anxiety and depression are common in patients with IBD, but the cause is unknown. Understanding how these behaviors occur in IBD and their role in symptoms may help improve management of IBD. How IBD leads to changes in brain function remains unclear. Inflammation and dysfunction of blood flow may occur in patients with IBD, which may be linked to these symptoms. Patients with IBD also have an alteration or imbalance of gut bacteria which may play a role in the development of the disease, but the exact mechanism remains poorly understood;as a result, there are limited therapeutic options available clinically to address this issue. An approved therapy, anti-TNF α, may be useful in improving brain and gut activity as well as quality of life. The purpose of this research study is to better understand brain and gut activity in the context of IBD to possibly improve treatments for the disease. In patients taking anti-TNFα therapy as prescribed clinically as standard of care, the investigators will measure brain activity using NIRS; gut microbiome using stool analysis and quality of life using various questionnaires. AN  - NCT04733456 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Brain Activity and Oxygenation Inflammatory Bowel Disease (IBD) Patients TI  - Evaluation of Brain Activity and Oxygenation Using Near-infrared Spectroscopy (NIRS) in Inflammatory Bowel Disease (IBD) Patients
The Feasibility & Effectiveness of Virtual Reality in Reducing Pain for Older Adults With Knee Osteoarthritis; At the Brigham and Women's Hospital (BWH) Pain Management Center (PMC), knee OA is one of the most common conditions causing older adults to experience chronic pain. At this site, the core treatments of education, physical activity, and weight management are addressed, and then both pharmacological and nonpharmacological treatment options are available for patients living with chronic pain. Pharmacological treatments, such as topical and oral nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), acetaminophen, steroidal and non-steroidal injections, and prescription medications are currently the most commonly used treatments for chronic pain, but are also associated with limited benefits and dangerous side effects, such as addiction. Clients can also opt for nonpharmacological pain treatments at the PMC, such as acupuncture, reiki, physical therapy, and yoga, which are currently being researched at the clinic as well. The critical gap addressed with this pilot study is the need for additional safe and feasible treatment options for the growing population of older adults with chronic knee OA, as there is limited existing research on the effects of nonpharmacological treatments on this population. While past studies at the PMC have looked at the physiological mechanisms involved with chronic knee OA and the older adult population, the site has had limited funding to research nonpharmacological treatments such as virtual reality. In fact, there is limited evidence in the literature on the effects of virtual reality in reducing pain specifically for the older adult population. AN  - NCT04951661 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Virtual Reality and Older Adult Knee OA TI  - The Feasibility & Effectiveness of Virtual Reality in Reducing Pain for Older Adults With Knee Osteoarthritis
The Effects of Epinephrine and Cortisol on Emotion in Depression; This study investigates the effects of two hormones called epinephrine and cortisol on how the brain processes emotional material using functional MRI to measure brain activity. The study hopes to learn how epinephrine and cortisol affect the brain differently in depressed and non-depressed individuals. AN  - NCT04148261 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Epinephrine and Cortisol in Depression TI  - The Effects of Epinephrine and Cortisol on Emotion in Depression
A Randomized, Double-blind, Double Dummy, Multicenter Study to Assess the Safety, Tolerability and Long-term Efficacy of Intravenous (10mg/kg) and Subcutaneous (300mg) Secukinumab in Subjects With Moderate to Severe Chronic Plaque-type Psoriasis Who Are Partial Responders to Secukinumab; The study will assess the safety and efficacy of intravenous (10mg/kg) and subcutaneous (300mg) secukinumab in moderate to severe chronic plaque-type psoriasis who are partial responders to secukinumab. AN  - NCT01412944 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Efficacy and Safety of Intravenous and Subcutaneous Secukinumab in Moderate to Severe Chronic Plaque-type Psoriasis (STATURE) TI  - A Randomized, Double-blind, Double Dummy, Multicenter Study to Assess the Safety, Tolerability and Long-term Efficacy of Intravenous (10mg/kg) and Subcutaneous (300mg) Secukinumab in Subjects With Moderate to Severe Chronic Plaque-type Psoriasis Who Are Partial Responders to Secukinumab
Étude randomisée, contrôlée, de Phase II, Effets d'un Supplement d'oméga-3 (EPA) Sur l'Inflammation, la prolifération Cellulaire et la qualité de Vie Chez Des Patients Avec Cancer de la Prostate traités Par Prostatectomie Radicale; This project proposes a simple intervention by dietary supplementation that could eventually help to reduce the incidence and/or progression of prostate cancer, and the consequences of its treatment, and thus could contribute to diminish the heavy individual and societal burden of prostate cancer. The clinical data generated by this trial will serve as solid basis for a large-scale phase III clinical trial. AN  - NCT02333435 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effects of EPA on Prostate Cancer Cells Proliferation and Quality of Life (RCT-EPA) TI  - Étude randomisée, contrôlée, de Phase II, Effets d'un Supplement d'oméga-3 (EPA) Sur l'Inflammation, la prolifération Cellulaire et la qualité de Vie Chez Des Patients Avec Cancer de la Prostate traités Par Prostatectomie Radicale
The Pediatric Intermed: A New Clinical Decision Making Tool for Proactive Evaluation of Psychosocial Stress in Children With Inflammatory Bowel Disease; The investigators have recently developed a paediatric adaptation of the INTERMED tool to address the unique developmental and social contexts of children and youth. The Pediatric INTERMED adopts a life-chart methodology to structure and organize complex case material in time, colour-coding domains to facilitate identification of areas of high need and risk for each patient. The focus of the present study is to examine the characteristics and usefulness of the tool in identifying psychosocial stress in children/youth diagnosed with Inflammatory Bowel Disease (IBD), as well as identifying overall case complexity. Children and parents will participate in a semi-structured structured interview with a clinical nurse who will then rate the 34-PIM items. To examine the construct validity of each of the Pediatric INTERMED domains (biological, psychological, social, caregiver/family, health care system) participants will complete questionnaires assessing social and psychological functioning, parent and family stress, quality of life and adaptive functioning. Information about disease status, and health care utilization will be obtained from medical chart review. It is hypothesized that greater case complexity will be predictive of more complex disease course/treatment, poorer quality of life, and increased health care utilization. AN  - NCT01781481 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Pediatric Intermed: A New Clinical Decision Making Tool TI  - The Pediatric Intermed: A New Clinical Decision Making Tool for Proactive Evaluation of Psychosocial Stress in Children With Inflammatory Bowel Disease
A RANDOMIZED COMPARATIVE STUDY ASSESSING THE SWITCHING BETWEEN PF-06410293 AND HUMIRA (REGISTERED) IN COMBINATION WITH METHOTREXATE IN PARTICIPANTS WITH MODERATELY TO SEVERELY ACTIVE RHEUMATOID ARTHRITIS; The study will assess the impact of pharmacokinetics (PK), safety and immunogenicity after switches between PF-06410293 and adalimumab and with continuous dosing with adalimumab in combination with methotrexate in subjects with moderately to severely active rheumatoid arthritis. AN  - NCT04230213 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Comparative Study Between PF-06410293 and Humira® in Combination With Methotrexate in Participants With Active Rheumatoid Arthritis TI  - A RANDOMIZED COMPARATIVE STUDY ASSESSING THE SWITCHING BETWEEN PF-06410293 AND HUMIRA (REGISTERED) IN COMBINATION WITH METHOTREXATE IN PARTICIPANTS WITH MODERATELY TO SEVERELY ACTIVE RHEUMATOID ARTHRITIS
Intra-operative Magnesium Sulphate for Post-operative Pain in Patients Undergoing Total Abdominal Hysterectomy Under General Anesthesia; So, in this study the investigators aim to evaluate the efficacy of intra-operative intravenous magnesium sulphate for post-operative pain and opioid use in patients undergoing abdominal hysterectomy under general anaesthesia. AN  - NCT06026527 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Intra-operative Magnesium Sulphate for Post-operative Pain in Patients Undergoing Total Abdominal Hysterectomy Under General Anesthesia TI  - Intra-operative Magnesium Sulphate for Post-operative Pain in Patients Undergoing Total Abdominal Hysterectomy Under General Anesthesia
Effects of Intraoperative Local Steroid Utilization in a Single-Level Minimally Invasive Transforaminal Lumbar Interbody Fusion; The purpose of this study is to determine if the frequency and duration of postoperative pain are improved in participants receiving a local steroid injection (methylprednisolone) plus a systemic (intravenous (IV, by vein)) steroid (dexamethasone) when compared to those receiving a systemic (IV) steroid (dexamethasone) alone. Both of these steroid injections are already currently used at Rush and are considered standard of practice. It is well established that steroids have an anti-inflammatory (decreased swelling) effect on the soft tissue and it is routinely used in many types of surgery, but it is not known whether two steroids are better than one. The medications provided in this study are approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA). AN  - NCT03308084 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Use of Local Intraoperative Steroid in MIS TLIF TI  - Effects of Intraoperative Local Steroid Utilization in a Single-Level Minimally Invasive Transforaminal Lumbar Interbody Fusion
A Placebo-controlled Trial of D-cycloserine Augmentation of Cognitive Remediation in Schizophrenia; This study seeks to examine the effects of D-cycloserine augmentation on cognitive remediation for patients diagnosed with schizophrenia. We will test the hypotheses that D-cycloserine will significantly improve cognitive performance, negative symptoms, and measures of functioning compared to placebo when combined with eight weeks of cognitive remediation. We expect that these effects will persist when assessed at six-month follow up. AN  - NCT00963924 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - D-cycloserine Augmentation of Cognitive Remediation in Schizophrenia TI  - A Placebo-controlled Trial of D-cycloserine Augmentation of Cognitive Remediation in Schizophrenia
The Analgesic Effect of Single Shot Anterior Quadratus Lumborum Block Versus Erector Spinae Plane Block After Elective Cesarean Section: A Randomized Controlled Douple Blinded Trial; To the best of our knowledge, there is no published data comparing the analgesic effect of QLB3 (anterior QL) and ESPB after elective cesarean delivery. AN  - NCT05254093 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Anterior Quadratus Lumborum Block Versus Erector Spinae Plane Block After Elective Cesarean Section TI  - The Analgesic Effect of Single Shot Anterior Quadratus Lumborum Block Versus Erector Spinae Plane Block After Elective Cesarean Section: A Randomized Controlled Douple Blinded Trial
A Multicenter, Randomized, Double-Blind, Active and Placebo-Controlled 24-Week Study Followed by Long Term Evaluation of Efficacy and Safety of Ixekizumab (LY2439821) in Biologic Disease-Modifying Antirheumatic Drug-Naive Patients With Active Psoriatic Arthritis; This study will assess the safety and efficacy of ixekizumab (LY2439821) compared to placebo in participants with active psoriatic arthritis. AN  - NCT01695239 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study of Ixekizumab in Participants With Active Psoriatic Arthritis (SPIRIT-P1) TI  - A Multicenter, Randomized, Double-Blind, Active and Placebo-Controlled 24-Week Study Followed by Long Term Evaluation of Efficacy and Safety of Ixekizumab (LY2439821) in Biologic Disease-Modifying Antirheumatic Drug-Naive Patients With Active Psoriatic Arthritis
Curcumin as add-on to Antipsychotic Treatment in Chronic Schizophrenia Patients: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-controlled Study; Schizophrenia is still remained one of the disabling disorders despite progress in treatment of mental disturbances. Ten to thirty percents of patients have a little or no benefit from treatment with all kinds of antipsychotics using adequate dosages and duration. Treatment of these patients has remained a persistent public health problem since medication-resistant patients are often highly symptomatic. Curcumin is one of the main curcuminoids isolated from this perennial herb. It possesses a variety of pharmacological activities, including anti-inflammatory, antiproliferative, antioxidant, and neuroprotective effects and crosses the blood-brain barrier. The purpose of our suggested study is to examine the efficacy of curcumin as add-on the conventional antipsychotic psychopharmacotherapy in chronic schizophrenia patients. AN  - NCT02298985 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Curcumin Addition to Antipsychotic Treatment in Chronic Schizophrenia Patients TI  - Curcumin as add-on to Antipsychotic Treatment in Chronic Schizophrenia Patients: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-controlled Study
The Clinical and the Functional Impact of Central Sensitization On Patients With Axial Spondyloarthritis; The term axial spondyloarthritis (axSpA) describes a group of chronic inflammatory diseases that characterized with spinal involvement. AxSpA is one of the most common rheumatic diseases and chronic pain and morning stiffness are the main complaints of these patients. Central sensitization is defined as increased response to normal or sub-threshold stimuli of central nervous system and its close relationship with many rheumatological diseases has been demonstrated in several studies. Pain in axSpA patients is generally considered as a result of increased inflammatory burden and structural changes, However, failure to adequate analgesia in every patient whose inflammation is suppressed with anti-inflammatory treatment suggests new pain mechanisms. Central sensitization (CS) is one of these mechanisms and its recognition is only possible by detailed evaluation of the patient. There is no method for the diagnosis of central sensitization is accepted as a gold standard. clinical scales and quantitative sensory testing (QST) widely is used for this purpose widely. The most commonly used QST types include pressure pain threshold (PPT), temporal summation (TS) and conditioned pain modulation (CPM). The well-known scale used for the evaluation of central sensitization is the Central Sensitization Inventory , developed by Mayer et.al in 2011 for detect central sensitization in chronic pain patients. The aim of this study is to evaluate the frequency of central sensitization (CS) in patients with axSpA by means of clinical scales and quantitative sensory testing (QST), to examine related comorbidities and the parameters associated with the development of sensitization in these patients. AN  - NCT04485078 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Investigation of Central Sensitization Frequency and Related Factors in Axial Spondyloarthritis Patients TI  - The Clinical and the Functional Impact of Central Sensitization On Patients With Axial Spondyloarthritis
Efficacy of Nasal-sprayed Probiotics Containing Bacillus Subtilis and Bacillus Clausii (LiveSpo Navax) in the Supportive Treatment of Pneumonia in Children Infected With Viral Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV) and Bacterial Co-infections; Study duration: 12 months. AN  - NCT05929599 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Efficacy of LiveSpo Navax in Supportive Treatment of Pneumonia in Children With RSV and Bacterial Co-infections TI  - Efficacy of Nasal-sprayed Probiotics Containing Bacillus Subtilis and Bacillus Clausii (LiveSpo Navax) in the Supportive Treatment of Pneumonia in Children Infected With Viral Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV) and Bacterial Co-infections
Assessment of Cognitive Function and Gut Microbiota Analysis in Real World Patients With Lupus Cerebrovascular Disease: a Retrospective and Prospective Cohort Study; Based on clinical manifestations, laboratory data and intestinal microflora detection, the cognitive function characteristics of patients with systemic lupus erythematosus and cerebrovascular disease and its relationship with intestinal microflora were analyzed to explore the possible pathogenesis of lupus cerebrovascular disease. AN  - NCT05636670 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Assessment of Cognitive Function and Gut Microbiota Analysis in Real World Patients With Lupus Cerebrovascular Disease TI  - Assessment of Cognitive Function and Gut Microbiota Analysis in Real World Patients With Lupus Cerebrovascular Disease: a Retrospective and Prospective Cohort Study
The Acute and Chronic Effects of Resveratrol Supplementation on Inflammation and Cognitive Performance in Healthy Adults; This study will investigate the effects of 4 weeks daily consumption of resveratrol on inflammation and cognitive function in healthy adults. AN  - NCT04314739 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Effects of Resveratrol Supplementation on Inflammation and Cognitive Performance in Healthy Adults TI  - The Acute and Chronic Effects of Resveratrol Supplementation on Inflammation and Cognitive Performance in Healthy Adults
Neurophysiological, Biomolecular and Psychological Aspects of Erenumab Treatment in Chronic Migraine: an Open Label, Hypothesis Generator Study; The aim of this open label, hypothesis generating study is the evaluation of the impact of erenumab treatment on neurophysiological, biomolecular and psychological aspects in a representative cohort of CM patients who had previously failed at least 2 preventive treatments. AN  - NCT04361721 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Neurophysiological, Biomolecular and Psychological Aspects of Erenumab Treatment in Chronic Migraine TI  - Neurophysiological, Biomolecular and Psychological Aspects of Erenumab Treatment in Chronic Migraine: an Open Label, Hypothesis Generator Study
Erector Spinae Plane Block Versus Traditional Pain Management for Enhanced Recovery After Surgery; We suggest performing erector spinae plane block for intraoperative and postoperative pain management due to the ease of use and better analgesic effect. What remains is hard proof for the clinical efficacy and safety of this block, followed by a demonstration of the uptake of it in the hands of non-regional anaesthetists. AN  - NCT04299035 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - ESP Block vs. Traditional Pain Management for ERAS TI  - Erector Spinae Plane Block Versus Traditional Pain Management for Enhanced Recovery After Surgery
Cost-utility and Biological Underpinnings of Mindfulness-Based Stress Reduction (MBSR) in Fibromyalgia Syndrome: A Three-arm Randomized, Controlled Trial (EUDAIMON Project); Sample: 180 adults with FMS according to the ACR 1990 criteria (N=60 for each study arm) will be recruited from from the Parc Sanitari Sant Joan de Déu Rheumatology Service, Sant Boi de Llobregat, Spain. Half of the participants will be randomly selected to participate in the neurobiological pre-post evaluation (N= 30 each group). All patients will be assessed at baseline, post-intervention and 12-month follow-up for clinical variables, prep-post intervention for biomarkers study, and baseline and 12-month follow-up for cost-related variables. AN  - NCT02561416 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Cost-utility and Biological Underpinnings of MBSR in Fibromyalgia Syndrome (EUDAIMON) TI  - Cost-utility and Biological Underpinnings of Mindfulness-Based Stress Reduction (MBSR) in Fibromyalgia Syndrome: A Three-arm Randomized, Controlled Trial (EUDAIMON Project)
The Effect of Gluten-free Diet on Clinical Symptoms, Immune Parameters and Metabolome in Neurodegenerative Diseases With Alfa-synucleinopathy; Recent data suggest that the brain-gut axis, chronic intestinal inflammation and microbiome may contribute to the pathogenesis of neurodegenerative diseases with alfa-synucleinopathy, which include Parkinson's disease (PD) and Multiple system atrophy (MSA). Environmental factors e.g. diets, microbiome, metabolites and immune mechanisms may play important role in pathogenesis of these diseases. In the human arm of this project, the investigators will address effects of an anti-inflammatory gluten-free diet (GFD) on motor and non-motor symptoms as well as its effects on immune and metabolomic characteristics in patients with PD and MSA. In the mouse arm, the investigations will focus on the effects of GFD in chronic MPTP-induced mouse model of PD in various settings (e.g. in young or aged animals, with respect to the lengths of exposure to GFD). The chronic MPTP model will be used to assess the effects of GFD on adaptive and immune characteristics, and metabolic signatures. Using germ-free animals, the microbiome-dependency of the GFD-mediated effects may be determined. The anti-inflammatory gluten-free diet and its related mechanisms represent novel, promising and relatively straightforward approach in a search to improve symptoms of PD as well as MSA or even in their prevention. AN  - NCT05238545 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Effect of Gluten-free Diet on Parkinsonism (GFREEPARK) TI  - The Effect of Gluten-free Diet on Clinical Symptoms, Immune Parameters and Metabolome in Neurodegenerative Diseases With Alfa-synucleinopathy
GSK 2132231A Antigen-Specific Cancer Immunotherapeutic as Adjuvant Therapy in Patients With Resected Melanoma; This Protocol Posting has been updated following Amendments 1 of the Protocol, March 2010. The impacted sections are outcome measures and entry criteria. AN  - NCT00796445 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Phase III Study to Test the Benefit of a New Kind of Anti-cancer Treatment in Patients With Melanoma, After Surgical Removal of Their Tumor TI  - GSK 2132231A Antigen-Specific Cancer Immunotherapeutic as Adjuvant Therapy in Patients With Resected Melanoma
Partial Oral Antibiotic Treatment for Bacterial Brain Abscess: An Open-label Randomised Non-inferiority Trial; The investigators aim to determine if oral antibiotics are clinically acceptable as treatment of brain abscess. Following 2 weeks of standard intravenous antibiotic therapy, half of patients will continue with this treatment for another 4 weeks or longer while the other half will be assigned to oral antibiotics for the remaining duration of treatment. AN  - NCT04140903 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Partial Oral Antibiotic Treatment for Bacterial Brain Abscess (ORAL) TI  - Partial Oral Antibiotic Treatment for Bacterial Brain Abscess: An Open-label Randomised Non-inferiority Trial
Non-Interventional, Prospective Observational Cohort Study to Investigate the Effectiveness and Sustained Disease Control of an Upadacitinib Therapy in Moderate to Severe Atopic Dermatitis Patients Over Two Years; Participants will attend regular visits per routine clinical practice. The effect of the treatment will be checked by medical assessments, checking for side effects, and questionnaires. AN  - NCT05139836 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study to Assess Disease Activity in Adolescent and Adult Participants With Atopic Dermatitis Who Receive Oral Upadacitinib Tablets in a Real-World Setting (UP-TAINED) TI  - Non-Interventional, Prospective Observational Cohort Study to Investigate the Effectiveness and Sustained Disease Control of an Upadacitinib Therapy in Moderate to Severe Atopic Dermatitis Patients Over Two Years
Prospective, Multi-centers, Investigator Sponsored, Randomized Controlled Trial Towards Identifying the Effect of Somatostatin Treatment in Early Postoperative Simple Small Bowel Obstruction; To investigate whether an early fixed Somatostatin treatment will bring much benefit to EPSSBO pts compared with the common daily practice,for this purpose,the study will investigate the endpoints below. AN  - NCT01082627 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Identifying the Effect of Somatostatin Treatment in Early Postoperative Simple Small Bowel Obstruction TI  - Prospective, Multi-centers, Investigator Sponsored, Randomized Controlled Trial Towards Identifying the Effect of Somatostatin Treatment in Early Postoperative Simple Small Bowel Obstruction
Using the LyfeMD Application for Effective Maintenance of Remission and Improved Quality of Life in Crohn's Disease and Ulcerative Colitis: A Randomized Controlled Trial; In addition to delivering personalized and interactive support, the app uses behavior science to help patients change their habits, improve their health and reduce the burden IBD places on their lives. With proprietary research and a team made up of internationally recognized leaders in the gastrointestinal field, LyfeMD is poised to be the trusted digital health solution for people living with IBD. AN  - NCT04653259 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Digital Nutrition Therapy for Patients With IBD (LYFEMD) TI  - Using the LyfeMD Application for Effective Maintenance of Remission and Improved Quality of Life in Crohn's Disease and Ulcerative Colitis: A Randomized Controlled Trial
An Investigation of the Efficacy of the Glutamate Transporter GLT 1 in the Treatment of Bipolar Depression; At the end of the study patients are offered free treatment for up to 3 months with standard medications for bipolar depression and a referral to a community physician for long-term treatment will be made. AN  - NCT00512616 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Glutamate Transporter GLT1, in the Treatment of Bipolar Disorder TI  - An Investigation of the Efficacy of the Glutamate Transporter GLT 1 in the Treatment of Bipolar Depression
The Role of Dopamine in Fronto-striatal Activation in Emotional-motivational Pain Processing in Patients With Chronic Pain; Pain is a powerful motivator of behavior and it is more than the perception of nociceptive input. It is a complex experience that comprises different components: sensory discriminative, emotional-motivational and cognitive components. In chronic pain, a negative hedonic shift has been proposed that is characterized by disproportionally increased emotional-motivational compared to sensory-discriminative pain components. Such a negative hedonic shift is mirrored in a high comorbidity of chronic pain with affective disorders like depression and anxiety. However, the neurobiological mechanisms underlying such a negative hedonic shift i remain elusive. Animal work suggests an involvement of neuroinflammation, caused by chronic pain, which in turn is related to impaired release of the neurotransmitter dopamine. In line with this observation, impaired dopamine functioning has been described in chronic pain. Importantly, dopamine acts also as a neuromodulator, regulating functional connectivity between brain regions. Therefore, dysfunctional dopamine in chronic pain, possibly caused by neuroinflammation, might lead to altered blood oxygen level dependent (BOLD) response and functional connectivity. Correspondingly, altered functional connectivity in fronto-striatal brain networks has been shown to be predictive of transition from subacute to chronic pain. The aim of this study is to investigate the psychobiological mechanisms underlying the negative hedonic shift in chronic pain with a focus on the role of dopamine in functional connectivity of fronto-striatal brain networks, BOLD response of frontostriatal regions and their relation to heightened emotional-motivational pain processing. AN  - NCT04674670 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Psychobiological Mechanisms Underlying Chronic Pain TI  - The Role of Dopamine in Fronto-striatal Activation in Emotional-motivational Pain Processing in Patients With Chronic Pain
A Prospective, Randomized, Controlled, Open Label, Assessor-blinded, Parallel-group Phase III Clinical Trial to Evaluate the Impact of Tapering Systemic Immunosuppressive Therapy in a Treat-to-target Approach on Maintaining Minimal Disease Activity in Adult Subjects With Psoriatic Arthritis; The rationale for this study is to investigate whether in psoriatic arthritis (PsA) patients in stable remission a reduction or complete discontinuation of immunosuppressive therapy can be achieved in a treat-to-target approach while maintaining in remission. Due to the lack of reliable data that answers the question of how to safely reduce medication in which patients, this study will test a pragmatic treatment algorithm that can be applied in clinical practice and that offers a gradual reduction with escape strategies in order to facilitate the maintenance of remission. AN  - NCT04610476 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Impact of Tapering Immunosuppressants on Maintaining Minimal Disease Activity in Adult Subjects With Psoriatic Arthritis TI  - A Prospective, Randomized, Controlled, Open Label, Assessor-blinded, Parallel-group Phase III Clinical Trial to Evaluate the Impact of Tapering Systemic Immunosuppressive Therapy in a Treat-to-target Approach on Maintaining Minimal Disease Activity in Adult Subjects With Psoriatic Arthritis
Pain Control in Breast Surgery: Analgesia, Opioid Consumption and Inflammatory Response Evaluation; The serratus anterior muscle plane (SAM) block associated with pectoral nerve block type I (PEC I) may be a safe and effective alternative for the intraoperative of breast surgery, since there is evidence of pain reduction. However, correlation between regional anesthesia, postoperative pain and inflammatory response in breast surgery has not been demonstrated. The aim of this study is to compare the standard intravenous analgesia versus systemic analgesia associated with the SAM block and PEC I during breath cancer surgery. The following parameters will be evaluated: consumption of opioid intra and post-operative; post-operative pain and release of plasma inflammatory cytokines. It is a clinical prospective, randomized and controlled study. 50 individuals will be randomly divided into two groups. A group of patients receive general anesthesia during surgery and intravenous analgesia after the surgery and another group will receive general anesthesia associated with SAM and PEC I block during intraoperative and postoperative systemic analgesia. The postoperative pain will be assessed using the Visual Analogue Scale pain in the recovery room and 24 hours after surgery. Blood sample will be collected for determination of serum cytokines before surgery and 24 hours after the surgery. Also, it will be evaluated the development of chronic neuropathic pain 12 months after mastectomy, the use of analgesic medication, quality of life, depressive symptoms, and the levels of interleukin (IL)-1 beta, IL-6, and IL-10 as predictors of pain and depression. AN  - NCT02647385 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Pain Control in Breast Surgery: Analgesia, Opioid Consumption and Inflammatory Response Evaluation TI  - Pain Control in Breast Surgery: Analgesia, Opioid Consumption and Inflammatory Response Evaluation
Safety and Efficacy of Medical Cannabis Oil in the Treatment of Patients with Chronic Pain: a Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Pilot Study, Followed by an Open-Label Extension Phase; Seeking for effective therapeutic strategies, the investigators are proposing to test the effectiveness of different formulations of medical cannabis oil to alleviate chronic pain, which was partially relieved with conventional prescriptions. Furthermore, the investigators would like to assess the effect of different formulations of medical cannabis oil on other symptoms associated to chronic pain like anxiety and depression, as well as insomnia and appetite. Finally, as recently recommended for clinical studies on medical cannabis, the investigators will examine the safety profile of different cannabis formulations focusing on the following elements: a real chronic administration with more than two weeks of treatment, a larger number of patients, and the clinical relevance of medical cannabis oil to change the amount and type of concomitant medications used to control chronic non-cancer and cancer pain. AN  - NCT03337503 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Safety and Efficacy of Medical Cannabis Oil in the Treatment of Patients with Chronic Pain TI  - Safety and Efficacy of Medical Cannabis Oil in the Treatment of Patients with Chronic Pain: a Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Pilot Study, Followed by an Open-Label Extension Phase
Digital Therapeutics to Scale up Rehabilitation to Reach People in Need: the DANCEREX Proof-of-Concept Study for Chronic Neurological Disorders - Aim 2; Participants will be randomized (with an allocation ratio of 2:1:1) into the experimental group (DANCEREX - 12 sessions of multidimensional dance-based program integrated with an innovative motivational system), active comparator group (12 sessions of multidimensional dance-based program) and placebo group (12 sessions of educational program). Researchers will compare the experimental group to other two groups to see if a digital therapeutic solution integrating a multidimensional dance-based program and motivational system is effective in increasing adherence to rehabilitation treatment. AN  - NCT06112639 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The DANCEREX Proof-of-Concept Study for Chronic Neurological Disorders (DANCEREX-DTx) TI  - Digital Therapeutics to Scale up Rehabilitation to Reach People in Need: the DANCEREX Proof-of-Concept Study for Chronic Neurological Disorders - Aim 2
The Neural Immune Mechanisms and Genetic Influences on Chronic Pelvic Pain in Women With Endometriosis; -Follow-up evaluations. Two weeks after surgery, patients return to NIH to discuss the surgical findings and treatment options. Follow-up visits are then scheduled at 1, 3, and 6 months after surgery to complete questionnaires and determine if the treatment is working. Blood samples are drawn at each visit. AN  - NCT00073801 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Pelvic Pain in Women With Endometriosis TI  - The Neural Immune Mechanisms and Genetic Influences on Chronic Pelvic Pain in Women With Endometriosis
A Comparison of Ultrasound Guided Transversus Abdominis Plane Nerve Block Technique Versus Laparoscopic Transversus Abdominis Plane Nerve Block Technique Versus No Block on Postoperative Opioid Consumption After Major Colorectal Surgery; The investigators are purposing a prospective, patient-blinded, randomized study of patients undergoing major colorectal surgery to compare TAP block under ultrasound guidance versus laparoscopic visualization versus no TAP block. The investigators hypothesize that laparoscopic-guided TAP block is non-inferior to ultrasound-guided TAP block with respect to perioperative pain control and either technique is superior to no TAP. In addition the investigators will measure procedural time, any adverse events related to the block, overall postoperative analgesic requirement, analgesic duration, postoperative pain scores, length of postoperative hospital stay, incidence of postoperative ileus, and overall patient satisfaction between the three groups. AN  - NCT02538679 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Comparison of Ultrasound Guided Transversus Abdominis Plane Nerve Block Techniques TI  - A Comparison of Ultrasound Guided Transversus Abdominis Plane Nerve Block Technique Versus Laparoscopic Transversus Abdominis Plane Nerve Block Technique Versus No Block on Postoperative Opioid Consumption After Major Colorectal Surgery
Prospective Evaluation of Prognosis of Pci Patients Using Network Data in SHengjing Hospital of China Medical University; Coronary heart disease (CHD) has a serious health threaten to population. PCI is a well-proved measure in CHD management. However, the knowledge about the real-life PCI use and how evidence-based therapies in routine clinical practice is limited. By consecutively recruiting PCI patients in a large-scale hospital in in Northeast China,this study will examine various real-life factors, that may affect patients recovery after the procedure. Practical guidelines, appropriateness criteria and quality evaluative system for PCI will be established based on the findings, to improve patients outcomes in future finally. AN  - NCT02667548 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Prospective Evaluation of Prognosis of Pci Patients Using Network Data in SHengjing Hospital (P-PUSH) TI  - Prospective Evaluation of Prognosis of Pci Patients Using Network Data in SHengjing Hospital of China Medical University
A Prospective, Open-label, Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Tolerability of the Food Supplement CELERGEN in Patients With Fibromyalgia; Celergén® is a dietary supplement with anti-inflammatory and antioxidant properties composed of marine sperm extract, hydrolyzed collagen, CoQ10, lutein and selenium. This is an open-label, prospective, study to evaluate the efficacy and tolerability of Celergen in 90 patients with Fibromyalgia. The study duration was 90 days and patients were evaluated by the: FIQ-R Fibromyalgia Impact Questionnaire Revised, Questionnaire of Health SF-12, Scale Clinical Global Impression Improvement assessed by the patient (PGI), and the Brief Pain Inventory (BPI). Blood samples were obtained at weeks 0 and 12 order for serum levels of Substance P and Tumor Necrosis Factor to measured blindly. Statistical analysis will be performed by analysis of variance for paired data. AN  - NCT03911882 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Efficacy and Tolerability of CELERGEN in Fibromyalgia TI  - A Prospective, Open-label, Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Tolerability of the Food Supplement CELERGEN in Patients With Fibromyalgia
Multi-Component Behavioral Activation, Nutrition, and Activity Intervention for Persons Aging With HIV; This study will explore if a behavioral intervention program to assist people aged 50 and older with HIV is practical. The program includes a coach who talks with participants, encouraging them to be more active, reduce loneliness, and eat healthier. AN  - NCT06239961 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Behavioral Activation, Nutrition, and Activity Intervention TI  - Multi-Component Behavioral Activation, Nutrition, and Activity Intervention for Persons Aging With HIV
Cardiovascular Risk and Chronic Inflammatory Rheumatism; Chronic inflammatory rheumatism and inflammation can increase the risk of cardiovascular problems. Indeed, these diseases can increase the risk of myocardial infarction. The objective of this project is a better understanding and preventing the risk of cardiovascular problems in chronic inflammatory rheumatism through the study on the long-term flexibility of the arteries, blood markers of cardiovascular risk and muscle mass. AN  - NCT03187444 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Cardiovascular Risk and Chronic Inflammatory Rheumatism (RCVRIC) TI  - Cardiovascular Risk and Chronic Inflammatory Rheumatism
Biobehavioral Effects of Tai Chi Qigong (TCQ) for Male Cancer Survivors With Fatigue (HERO); Project HERO is a 12-week study of the efficacy of Body Mind Training (BMT, i.e. Tai Chi and Qigong in this project) for reducing fatigue in male cancer survivors. This 3-arm randomized clinical trial will examine inflammatory biology and selected gene-expression pathways that are hypothesized to contribute to the intervention's effect. AN  - NCT03345563 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Project HERO: Health Empowerment & Recovery Outcomes (HERO) TI  - Biobehavioral Effects of Tai Chi Qigong (TCQ) for Male Cancer Survivors With Fatigue (HERO)
Outcomes of Surgical Treatment of Osteoarticular Infections Using Bioactive Bone Substitute Impregnated With Antibiotics: Prospective Study; This prospective research project aims to evaluate the effectiveness and clinical outcomes of utilizing antibiotic-impregnated bioactive bone substitute (PerOssal®) in the surgical management of osteoarticular infections. Osteoarticular infections pose significant challenges in orthopaedic surgery due to the risk of persistent infection, bone loss, and functional impairment. Traditional treatment approaches involve extensive debridement followed by systemic antibiotic therapy and bone grafting. However, antibiotic-impregnated bioactive bone substitutes offer a promising alternative by providing local antibiotic delivery and promoting bone regeneration simultaneously. This study will prospectively enrol patients undergoing surgical intervention for osteoarticular infections and assess their clinical outcomes, including infection resolution, bone healing, functional recovery, and complication rates. Comprehensive data collection will include preoperative patient characteristics, intraoperative details, postoperative outcomes, and long-term follow-up assessments. Statistical analyses will be performed to compare outcomes between patients treated with antibiotic-impregnated bioactive bone substitute and those past managed with traditional methods. The findings of this study are expected to contribute valuable insights into the effectivennes and safety of this novel approach, potentially informing future clinical practices and optimizing patient care in the management of osteoarticular infections. AN  - NCT06402292 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Surgical Treatment of Osteoarticular Infections Using Bioactive Bone Substitute TI  - Outcomes of Surgical Treatment of Osteoarticular Infections Using Bioactive Bone Substitute Impregnated With Antibiotics: Prospective Study
Randomized Controlled Trial in Nepal: Introducing Point-of-care Tests and Identifying Barriers to Reduce Antibiotics for Vaginal Discharge; - POCT result based treatment plus patient education and addressing of psycho social vulnerabilities AN  - NCT05977491 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Point-of-care Tests for Vaginal Discharge in Nepal (POCT-BRA) TI  - Randomized Controlled Trial in Nepal: Introducing Point-of-care Tests and Identifying Barriers to Reduce Antibiotics for Vaginal Discharge
Evaluation of TWEAK in Plaque Psoriasis and Psoriatic Arthritis Patients Treated With Adalimumab and Methotrexate: Case Control Study; To enhance quality of life and potentially lower the risk of concomitant disease in psoriasis patients, effective treatment of this immune-mediated systemic inflammatory disease is required AN  - NCT06370156 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Evaluation of TWEAK in Plaque Psoriasis and Psoriatic Arthritis Patients TI  - Evaluation of TWEAK in Plaque Psoriasis and Psoriatic Arthritis Patients Treated With Adalimumab and Methotrexate: Case Control Study
Impact of Nutrition, Dietary Pattern, Obesity, Physical Activity, Depression, Diabetes, Aspirin Use and Vitamin Supplement in Colorectal Cancer in China; China has the largest gastric cancer patients population all over the world. Recent reports concluded nutrition status and lifestyle factors were associated with gastric cancer risk, however, the influence of nutrition and lifestyle factors on cancer outcome in gastric cancer survivors is largely unknown.The investigators will explore the impact of nutrition status, life style, dietary pattern, obesity, physical activity, depression, diabetes, aspirin use and vitamin supplement on gastric cancer outcome. The investigators will recruit approximately 50,000 patients as a prospective study cohort. During follow up, the investigators will explore the association of these factors with disease-specific survival, disease-free survival and overall survival of patients. The investigators believe that this project will facilitate the establishment of domestic nutrition and lifestyle data of gastric cancer of China, and the improvement of the quality of clinical management of patients with gastric cancer. AN  - NCT02216955 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Nutrition and Lifestyle Study Cohort of Gastric Cancer in China TI  - Impact of Nutrition, Dietary Pattern, Obesity, Physical Activity, Depression, Diabetes, Aspirin Use and Vitamin Supplement in Colorectal Cancer in China
Impact of Nutrition, Dietary Pattern, Obesity, Physical Activity, Depression, Diabetes, Aspirin Use and Vitamin Supplement in Colorectal Cancer in China; Colorectal cancer incidence is increasing at an alarming rate in China. Recent reports concluded nutrition status and lifestyle factors were associated with colorectal cancer risk, however, the influence of nutrition and lifestyle factors on cancer outcome in colorectal cancer survivors is largely unknown.The investigators will explore the impact of nutrition status, life style, dietary pattern, obesity, physical activity, depression, diabetes, aspirin use and vitamin supplement on colorectal cancer outcome. The investigators will recruit approximately 50,000 patients as a prospective study cohort. During follow up, the investigators will explore the association of these factors with disease-specific survival, disease-free survival and overall survival of patients. The investigators believe that this project will facilitate the establishment of domestic nutrition and lifestyle data of colorectal cancer of China, and the improvement of the quality of clinical management of patients with colorectal cancer. AN  - NCT02215642 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Nutrition and Lifestyle Study Cohort of Colorectal Cancer in China TI  - Impact of Nutrition, Dietary Pattern, Obesity, Physical Activity, Depression, Diabetes, Aspirin Use and Vitamin Supplement in Colorectal Cancer in China
Efficacy and Safety of add-on Apremilast Versus add-on Methotrexate in Patients With Oral Lichen Planus: A Randomized Controlled Trial; Among the various treatment options, there is a lack of head-on trials. Methotrexate is an immunosuppressant with various systemic adverse effects and requires close monitoring. Whereas apremilast is a non-immunosuppressive drug with a better safety profile, it does not show such adverse effects. These drugs can be used as an add-on to low-dose steroids in view of reducing the adverse effects associated with steroid therapy. To the best of our knowledge, there is no randomized controlled trial comparing these two drugs to date. Hence, the present study has been planned to evaluate the safety and efficacy of methotrexate versus apremilast as an add-on to the standard steroid therapy in OLP patients. AN  - NCT06260904 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Efficacy and Safety of add-on Apremilast Versus add-on Methotrexate in Patients With Oral Lichen Planus TI  - Efficacy and Safety of add-on Apremilast Versus add-on Methotrexate in Patients With Oral Lichen Planus: A Randomized Controlled Trial
A Double-Blind, Randomised, Placebo Controlled, Adaptive Design Study of the Efficacy, Safety and Pharmacokinetics of NT-814 in Female Subjects With Moderate to Severe Vasomotor Symptoms Associated With the Menopause; The purpose of this study is to determine the effectiveness of BAY3427080 (NT-814), taken once a day, in the treatment of troublesome post-menopausal symptoms. AN  - NCT03596762 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study of BAY3427080 (NT-814) in the Treatment of Moderate to Severe Post-menopausal Vasomotor Symptoms (SWITCH-1) TI  - A Double-Blind, Randomised, Placebo Controlled, Adaptive Design Study of the Efficacy, Safety and Pharmacokinetics of NT-814 in Female Subjects With Moderate to Severe Vasomotor Symptoms Associated With the Menopause
Therapeutic Effects of Jing Si Herbal Tea for Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease: A Comprehensive Investigation From Clinical to Basic Research; Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), a leading cause of global mortality, significantly impairs health-related quality of life (HRQL). COPD is characterized by airway inflammation and lung tissue damage. Jing Si herbal tea (JSHT) is known to have anti-inflammatory effects but has not been explored for treating COPD. This study investigated the potential of JSHT as an adjuvant therapy for COPD. This randomized controlled study focused on patients with COPD in the exacerbation and stable phases. The control group received the standard treatment, and the JSHT group received the standard treatment plus JSHT. Both groups underwent HRQL assessments, blood tests, and cellular studies involving five different groups to assess the effect of JSHT on damage-associated molecular patterns (DAMPs) and inflammatory markers. AN  - NCT06584786 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Therapeutic Effects of Jing Si Herbal Tea for COPD TI  - Therapeutic Effects of Jing Si Herbal Tea for Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease: A Comprehensive Investigation From Clinical to Basic Research
Effectiveness of Standardised Ido-BR1 Cucumber Extract (Q-ActinTM) on Mild to Moderate Joint Pain: A Randomized Double-blind Placebo-Controlled Study; Study Purpose To conduct a 8 week randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trial to examine the effectiveness of daily use of Q-ActinTM supplementation compared to placebo on joint pain, stiffness, function, mood, sleep, daytime activity, and health-related quality of life in adults with a history (>3 months) of mild to moderate joint pain. AN  - NCT06246383 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effectiveness of Cucumber Extract on Joint Pain TI  - Effectiveness of Standardised Ido-BR1 Cucumber Extract (Q-ActinTM) on Mild to Moderate Joint Pain: A Randomized Double-blind Placebo-Controlled Study
Phase II Study of Avelumab Plus Intermittent Axitinib in Previously Untreated Patients With Metastatic Renal Cell Carcinoma (Tide-A Study); This study aims to test if patients achieving a tumor response with the combination of axitinib plus avelumab, can discontinued the axitinib in order to delay the resistance to the anti VEGFR-TKI and decrease the related toxicity of the combination therapy. AN  - NCT04698213 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Avelumab Plus Intermittent Axitinib in Previously Untreated Patients With Metastatic Renal Cell Carcinoma (TIDE-A) TI  - Phase II Study of Avelumab Plus Intermittent Axitinib in Previously Untreated Patients With Metastatic Renal Cell Carcinoma (Tide-A Study)
Effect of Electroacupuncture Treatment on Pain, Mechanical Hyperalgesia, Quality of Life and Expression of Mu+ B Cells in Patients With Fibromyalgia: A Prospective Observational Study; Recent European guidelines on FM treatment emphasize that there should be a comprehensive assessment of patient's pain, function and psychosocial context. It is recognized that there are profound and fundamental problems associated with the pain assessment tools in common use, as most of these represent an attempt to reduce a multidimensional experience to a coarse unidimensional measure. Use of multiple tools for sub- jective and objective assessment of pain may reflect more accurately patient's pain experience. Furthermore, tracing a biologic pain marker in FM patients would facilitate both the initial assessment of pain and the re- sponse to treatment. Management of pain in FM patients should focus first on non-pharmacological modalities. Acupuncture therapy is an effective and safe treatment and exerts its analgesic effect through activation of pe- ripheral and central pain control systems with the release of β-endorphins, enkephalins, dynorphins, serotonin, norepinephrine, γ-aminobutyric acid or ATP. The aim of our study is to assess initially reported pain and evaluate the effectiveness of electroacupuncture (with or without diet modifications) on the "whole experience of pain" in FM patients in a multimodel assessment frame. AN  - NCT05357157 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Electroacupuncture Pain Treatment, Mechanical Hyperalgesia, Quality of Life & Expression of Mu+ B Cells in Fibromyalgia TI  - Effect of Electroacupuncture Treatment on Pain, Mechanical Hyperalgesia, Quality of Life and Expression of Mu+ B Cells in Patients With Fibromyalgia: A Prospective Observational Study
Rituximab in Chronic Inflammatory Demyelinating Polyneuropathy: A Phase II Study; CIDP is a heterogeneous disease with variable responses to therapy. Recently, a distinctive subgroup of patients with serum autoantibodies to the paranodal proteins contactin and neurofascin have been identified. Although they present with active and serious disease, multiple clinical reports suggest that these patients can be cured with a treatment that depletes B cells and presumably eliminates pathogenic autoantibodies. However, beyond that subgroup of CIDP patients, which CIDP patients might benefit from Rituximab and B cell depletion is unknown. This Phase II study will treat 3 homogenous groups of 16 CIDP patients each with Rituximab in order to determine if there are subgroups that can be taken off current medications and put into long-term remission. The results from this study will be used to design a future larger trial. Biomarkers including paranodal antibodies, serum neurofilament light chains, anti-ganglioside antibodies will be obtained in order to learn about disease pathogenesis and possibly target therapy AN  - NCT04480450 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Rituximab in Chronic Inflammatory Demyelinating Polyneuropathy TI  - Rituximab in Chronic Inflammatory Demyelinating Polyneuropathy: A Phase II Study
Treatment of Iron Deficiency Anaemia in Adults and Adolescents With Inflammatory Bowel Disease Using Ferrous Sulphate: Tolerance and Effects on Haemoglobin, Mood, Quality of Life and Fatigue; To address these questions, the investigators propose a comparative study of 6 weeks of oral iron supplementation in adolescents and adults with iron deficiency anaemia in IBD. Patients will be given oral iron supplementation. Before and after iron therapy, the investigators shall assess haemoglobin concentrations; IBD activity; quality of life (QOL), perceived stress, mood and fatigue; iron metabolism, including serum hepcidin. AN  - NCT01991314 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Treatment of Iron Deficiency Anaemia in Inflammatory Bowel Disease With Ferrous Sulphate TI  - Treatment of Iron Deficiency Anaemia in Adults and Adolescents With Inflammatory Bowel Disease Using Ferrous Sulphate: Tolerance and Effects on Haemoglobin, Mood, Quality of Life and Fatigue
Prospective Study of Deep Anterior Lamellar Keratoplasty Using Acellular Porcine Cornea; Use of APC in LK has been shown promise in many preclinical animal studies and initially in human clinic trail. However, to optimize APC biological and biomechanical properties, the strategies for its preparation has evolved extensively over recent years, like various decellularization approaches (e.g. detergents, enzymes, human sera, hypertonic solutions and et al) and additional procedures (e.g. collagen re-crosslinking and repeated frozen-dry). Therefore, in the current study, the investigators analyzed the early surgical outcomes of deep anterior lamellar keratoplasty (DALK) using the APC that was very recently approved by the National Institutes for Food and Drug Control (NIFDC) of China for clinic practice, for management of infective keratitis, including fungal, viral and acanthamoeba keratitis. Here major concern of this study was to clarify the behavior of APC after implantation in participants. AN  - NCT03105466 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Prospective Study of Deep Anterior Lamellar Keratoplasty Using Acellular Porcine Cornea TI  - Prospective Study of Deep Anterior Lamellar Keratoplasty Using Acellular Porcine Cornea
Resistance Training to Improve Fatigue and Physical Function in Postmenopausal Breast Cancer Survivors; This study will begin to fill a knowledge gap by determine whether changes in kynurenine metabolism occur following Resistance Training (RT) and relate to reductions in inflammation and improved behavioral and physical function as this may identify potential targets for interventions to promote cancer recovery. AN  - NCT03539835 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Resistance Training to Improve Fatigue and Physical Function in Postmenopausal Breast Cancer Survivors TI  - Resistance Training to Improve Fatigue and Physical Function in Postmenopausal Breast Cancer Survivors
A Proof-of-Concept Trial on the Effect of Ketamine on Fatigue; Drug side effects can include vivid dreams, seeing colors, perceiving time as moving slower or faster than normal, dizziness, headache, restlessness, nausea, or vomiting, among others. AN  - NCT04141696 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Proof-of-Concept Trial on the Effect of Ketamine on Fatigue TI  - A Proof-of-Concept Trial on the Effect of Ketamine on Fatigue
Correlation of Timing of Pegfilgrastim Administration and PIBP(Pegfilgrastim-induced Bone Pain); Based on previous literature, it appears that delaying the administration of pegfilgrastim may be associated with a lower incidence of PIBP. Therefore, our study aims to investigate the correlation between the timing of pegfilgrastim administration and the occurrence of PIBP. AN  - NCT05841186 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Correlation of Timing of Pegfilgrastim Administration and PIBP. TI  - Correlation of Timing of Pegfilgrastim Administration and PIBP(Pegfilgrastim-induced Bone Pain)
Enhancing Innate Anti-Viral Resistance Through A Community-Based Intervention - Generation Xchange; This randomized controlled trial will test whether a recently developed community-based intergenerational mentoring program known as Generation Xchange (GenX) can enhance antiviral resistance in older African-American women and men in a low-SES urban community. Additional studies will identify the biological processes that promote resistance to respiratory virus infections and viral disease in older African-American women and men. AN  - NCT05534425 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Enhancing Innate Anti-Viral Resistance Through A Community-Based Intervention - Generation Xchange (GenX) TI  - Enhancing Innate Anti-Viral Resistance Through A Community-Based Intervention - Generation Xchange
Long-term Cognitive and Cerebral Changes in Sepsis Survivors and Their Predictors; The main goals of this study are to provide a cognitive, neurological, brain morphological, and serological profile of sepsis survivors in order to make long-term prognosis of recovery and estimate the need for rehabilitation measures in order to help patients reintegrate into normal daily life. AN  - NCT02339649 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Long-term Cognitive and Cerebral Changes in Sepsis Survivors and Their Predictors (BonSEP) TI  - Long-term Cognitive and Cerebral Changes in Sepsis Survivors and Their Predictors
Prospective Open Randomized Monocentric Two-armed Controlled Clinical Trial in Parallel Groups to Investigate the Influence of Complementary Medicine (CAM) Interventions on Quality of Life and The Treatment Process of Patients Undergoing Allogenic Stem Cell Transplantation; The allogenic stem cell transplantation (aSCT), the only curative approach for many hematological diseases, often leads to severe diseases or chronic conditions, leaving patients with physical disabilities and severe depression and impacting their quality of life in many cases. These consequences are still not adequately addressed by conventional therapies. In this study, the investigators examine the influence of the three complementary medicine methods (CAM) namely acupuncture according to Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM), music therapy according to the TaKeTiNa method and the psychological disease processing by theatrical clown performance on the quality of life and the therapy process of patients before and after aSCT. AN  - NCT02976558 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Influence of TaKeTiNa Music Therapy, Traditional Chinese Acupuncture and Clown Theatrical Performance on Quality of Life and the Therapeutic Process of Patients Undergoing Allogenic Stem Cell Transplantation (TriCAM) TI  - Prospective Open Randomized Monocentric Two-armed Controlled Clinical Trial in Parallel Groups to Investigate the Influence of Complementary Medicine (CAM) Interventions on Quality of Life and The Treatment Process of Patients Undergoing Allogenic Stem Cell Transplantation
A Pilot RCT on the Effect of Resveratrol on Mood, Memory Deficits, Hippocampal Inflammation and Neurogenesis in Veterans With Gulf War Illness; Since their return from military service in the 1990-1991 Gulf War, many Veterans have been affected by debilitating symptoms that are not easily explained. A leading hypothesis states that the combination of exposure to toxic chemicals and environmental stressors are responsible for a cluster of debilitating symptoms known as Gulf War Illness (GWI). Research has found that over-the-counter antioxidant supplements such as resveratrol may reverse the damage that causes these debilitating symptoms. Resveratrol is a nutrient found abundantly in the skin of red grapes that is known to have robust antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties. The investigators predict that resveratrol treatment will improve memory issues, difficulties with thinking and mood problems in Veterans with GWI and that resveratrol will do so with minimal risk. AN  - NCT03665740 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Multimodal Investigation of the Neuroprotective Effects of Resveratrol (MINER) (MINER) TI  - A Pilot RCT on the Effect of Resveratrol on Mood, Memory Deficits, Hippocampal Inflammation and Neurogenesis in Veterans With Gulf War Illness
Transcutaneous Auricular Vagus Nerve Stimulation: Comparison of Effectiveness of In-ear and Behınd-ear Stimulation; The use of vagus nerve stimulation (VSS), one of the examples of neuromodulation therapies, continues to increase in the medical field. Basically, invasive (iVSS) and transcutaneous VSS (tVSS) can be performed. tVSS is more preferred because of its advantages such as easy application, not requiring surgical procedure and having fewer side effects. VSS has long been an approved treatment modality in the treatment of epilepsy and refractory depression. tVSS can be administered from the auricular-auricular or posterior ear region. The vagus nerve (VS) belongs to the parasympathetic branch of the autonomic nervous system and has an effect on vital functions. There are also studies in the literature showing that VS stimulation reduces inflammation. In addition to this effect, the vagus nerve may also show analgesic activity through pain-related pathways. Due to its anti-inflammatory and analgesic effects, VSS has become a new treatment method in diseases in which various inflammatory processes are shown in the etiology such as inflammatory bowel diseases, musculoskeletal system diseases and central nervous system diseases. AN  - NCT06312293 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Comparison of Effectiveness In-ear and Behind-ear Vagus Nerve Stimulation TI  - Transcutaneous Auricular Vagus Nerve Stimulation: Comparison of Effectiveness of In-ear and Behınd-ear Stimulation
Randomised Control Trial of Patient Specific Instrumentation vs Standard Instrumentation of the GMK-Sphere (Global Medacta Knee) Total Knee Arthroplasty; This study will look at whether patient-specific instrumentation improves implant position and if it leads to improved patient function so that we know what to recommend in the future. AN  - NCT05579951 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Bespoke vs Standard Instrumentation in TKR (SPHERE) TI  - Randomised Control Trial of Patient Specific Instrumentation vs Standard Instrumentation of the GMK-Sphere (Global Medacta Knee) Total Knee Arthroplasty
Intraoperative Lidocaine Infusion as a Sole Analgesic Versus Morphine in Laparoscopic Gastric Bypass Surgery; Lidocaine has been studied as part of an opioid-free multimodal analgesia in morbidly obese patients. Also, its use in bariatric surgery showed a decrease in postoperative opioid use and improvement in the quality of recovery. AN  - NCT05150756 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Intraoperative Lidocaine Infusion as a Sole Analgesic Versus Morphine in Laparoscopic Gastric Bypass Surgery TI  - Intraoperative Lidocaine Infusion as a Sole Analgesic Versus Morphine in Laparoscopic Gastric Bypass Surgery
Impact of Thermotherapy During Childbirth on Postpartum Perineal Pain: a Multicenter Factorial Randomized Controlled Trial; Perineal pain is common after vaginal birth. Thermotherapy might be effective to limit postpartum perineal pain, thanks to the effects of local heating or cooling application. This study aims to evaluate the impact of thermotherapy during childbirth on postpartum perineal pain. AN  - NCT04778631 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Impact of Thermotherapy During Childbirth on Postpartum Perineal Pain (PERISAFE) (PERISAFE) TI  - Impact of Thermotherapy During Childbirth on Postpartum Perineal Pain: a Multicenter Factorial Randomized Controlled Trial
Bromfenac Ophthalmic Solution 0.1% for Postoperative Ocular Pain and Inflammation Related To Pterygium Surgery; To evaluate the efficacy and ocular safety of bromfenac ophthalmic solution (bromfenac) 0.1% dosed twice daily for the treatment of ocular inflammation and pain after pterygium excision with amniotic membrane transplantation(AMT). AN  - NCT04022811 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effect of Bromfenac on Pain Related to Pterygium Surgery TI  - Bromfenac Ophthalmic Solution 0.1% for Postoperative Ocular Pain and Inflammation Related To Pterygium Surgery
Pneumonia in Children: Aetiology, Ideal Antibiotic Duration, Quality of Life; 2. Investigate the depression, anxiety and stress scores (DASS21) and quality of life scored (QOL) by parents of the children during admission, pre-discharge and post discharge and at follow-ups. AN  - NCT02258763 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Trial on the Ideal Duration of Oral Antibiotics in Children With Pneumonia TI  - Pneumonia in Children: Aetiology, Ideal Antibiotic Duration, Quality of Life
Comparison Between Breathing and Aerobic Exercises on Clinical Control, Psychosocial Morbidity, Thoracoabdominal Kinematics, and Airway Inflammation in Patients With Moderate-to-severe Asthma: a Randomized Trial; Background: Asthma is a chronic inflammatory airway disease characterized by reversible obstruction, inflammation and hyperresponsiveness to different stimulus. Aerobic and breathing exercises have been demonstrated to benefit asthmatic patients; however, there is no evidence comparing the effectiveness of the treatments. Objective: To compare the effects of aerobic and breathing exercises on clinical control (primary outcome), psychosocial morbidity and daily life physical activity (secondary outcome) in patients with moderate-to-severe persistent asthma. In addition, thoracoabdominal kinematics, heart rate variability and airway and systemic inflammation will be evaluated. The initial hypothesis will be that both exercises present improved clinical control of asthma. Methods: Forty-eight asthmatic adults will be randomly divided into 2 groups: aerobic (AG) and breathing exercises (BG). All treatments will be performed twice a week for 3 months, totalizing 24 sessions of 40 minutes each. Both groups will complete an educational program consisting of 2 classes at the beginning of the interventions. Before and after interventions, the following parameters will be quantified: clinical control, health related quality of life, levels of anxiety and depression, maximal exercise capacity, autonomic nervous imbalance, daily living physical activity, thoracoabdominal kinematics, inflammatory cells in the sputum, fraction of exhaled nitric oxide (FENO) and systemic inflammatory cytokines. Asthma symptoms will be quantified monthly using diaries. Kolmogorov-Smirnov test will be used to analyze the data normality, and a two-way ANOVA with repeated measures with appropriate post hoc test (Student Newman Keuls) will be used to compare the inter and intra-groups differences AN  - NCT02065258 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Breathing Versus Aerobic Exercises on Asthma Control TI  - Comparison Between Breathing and Aerobic Exercises on Clinical Control, Psychosocial Morbidity, Thoracoabdominal Kinematics, and Airway Inflammation in Patients With Moderate-to-severe Asthma: a Randomized Trial
Comparison of Transversus Abdominis Plane Block Versus Patient-controlled Epidural Analgesia for Patients on Buprenorphine or Methadone, After Cesarean Section; More and more women are on buprenorphine or methadone during pregnancy for a history of opioid addiction. Currently, pain control after cesarean section for women already on these medications, if they need operative delivery, is a challenge due to the pharmacology of those drugs. They have higher pain scores and 45-47% higher opiates requirement. To improve pain control, some unique regional anesthesia techniques have been employed, besides opioid and non-opioid medication management through the oral, intravenous, and/or neuraxial (spinal or epidural) route. One is a TAP block ( transversus abdominis plane block), a regional anesthesia procedure in which long acting local anesthetic, such as ropivacaine, is injected on both sides of the patient's abdomen to numb the nerves supplying the abdominal wall, or the surgical site. Another is a patient - controlled epidural, a small flexible catheter that is inserted in the back into the epidural space near the spine, which bathes the spinal nerve roots with long acting local anesthetic, such as bupivacaine, and with an opioid, such as fentanyl, to numb the nerves going to the surgical site. Through an epidural pump, the patient receives a continuous infusion of local anesthetic and can delivery more medication as needed through a bolus feature. There have case reports, or case by case accounts, of these techniques, and it is suspected these techniques result in better pain control with minimal side effects. No clinical, human or animal, has evaluated these techniques in a controlled and through manner, either comparing the two techniques to each other or comparing them to the common care of opioid and non-opioid medication management through the oral, intravenous, and/or neuraxial route, including neuraxial hydromorphone or morphine. AN  - NCT02091297 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Comparison of Different Methods of Pain Control After Cesarean Section for Patients on Buprenorphine or Methadone TI  - Comparison of Transversus Abdominis Plane Block Versus Patient-controlled Epidural Analgesia for Patients on Buprenorphine or Methadone, After Cesarean Section
Dynamic Evolution of Pulmonary Nodules and Influence Factors of Its Clinical Decision-making: A Prospective Cohort Study; The researchers are aimed to investigate the dynamic evolution of indeterminate pulmonary nodules by a long-term follow-up of patients with different characteristics. Influence factors of clinical decision-making that might contribute to overtreatment or delayed treatment will also be studied. AN  - NCT04857333 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Dynamic Evolution of Pulmonary Nodules and Influence Factors of Its Clinical Decision-making (DEPICT) TI  - Dynamic Evolution of Pulmonary Nodules and Influence Factors of Its Clinical Decision-making: A Prospective Cohort Study
Reducing Diagnostic Errors in Primary Care Pediatrics; The investigators propose to conduct a multisite, prospective, stepped wedge cluster randomized trial testing a quality improvement collaborative (QIC) intervention within the American Academy of Pediatrics' Quality Improvement Innovation Networks (QuIIN) to reduce the incidence of pediatric primary care diagnostic errors. QuIIN is a national network of over 300 primary care practices, ranging from tertiary care academic medical centers to single practitioner private practices, interested in and experienced with QICs. Because many processes are likely to be common across diagnostic errors in outpatient settings, a multifaceted intervention, such as a QIC, has a high likelihood of success and broad applicability across populations. Preparatory inquiries to QuIIN primary care providers suggest high interest in reducing these 3 diagnostic errors and provider agreement with randomization to evaluate diagnostic error interventions. Practices will be randomized to one of three groups, with each group collecting retrospective baseline data on one error above, and then intervening to reduce that error during the first eight months. Each group will concurrently collect control data on an error they are not intervening on during those eight months. Following those eight months, the groups will continue intervening on their first error, begin intervening on the error they were a control site for, and begin collecting data on the third error for which they will be a control site for. Finally, in the final eight months, all groups will intervene on all three errors. A second wave of practices will be recruited to join the groups after eight months and will only intervene on two of the three errors. AN  - NCT02798354 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Reducing Diagnostic Errors in Primary Care Pediatrics (Project RedDE) TI  - Reducing Diagnostic Errors in Primary Care Pediatrics
Comparison of Povidone-Iodine and Chlorhexidine in the Management of Iatrogenic Wounds in Surgical Patients; This comparison examines the effectiveness of povidone-iodine and chlorhexidine in managing iatrogenic wounds in surgical patients. Both antiseptics are commonly used to prevent postoperative infections, but they differ in mechanism, efficacy, and safety profiles. Povidone-iodine releases iodine, which acts broadly against bacteria, viruses, and fungi, while chlorhexidine disrupts cell membranes, providing rapid bactericidal action. Studies suggest that chlorhexidine may offer longer-lasting antibacterial effects, but povidone-iodine has a wider antimicrobial range. Optimal choice depends on patient needs, wound type, and potential for adverse reactions, emphasizing the need for tailored antiseptic strategies in wound care. AN  - NCT06667089 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Povidone-Iodine Versus Chlorhexidine in Surgical Wound Care TI  - Comparison of Povidone-Iodine and Chlorhexidine in the Management of Iatrogenic Wounds in Surgical Patients
The Effect of Aspalathus Linearis on Muscle Soreness and Post-exercise Recovery in Young, Physically Inactive Women; Exercise has been found to exert beneficial effect on overall health. However, it also induces muscle damage at the same time. This then leads to muscle pain, temporary inflammation and reduced muscle function. These symptoms can persist for up to 72 hours after physical exertion and thus have a negative impact on a speedy recovery. Research has previously shown that antioxidants play an important role in muscle recovery after physical exertion. For example, antioxidants are known to have a positive effect on muscle damage and muscle soreness, and they also provide an anti-inflammatory effect. An important group of antioxidants are the flavonoids, which are abundantly present in rooibos (aspalathus linearis) tea. Previous research has shown that rooibos tea has a performance-enhancing effect during physical exertion. Despite these positive findings during physical exertion, the effect of rooibos tea on muscle recovery is not yet well known. Moreover, the effects of antioxidants during and after physical exertion have almost only been studied in men. Therefore, the current study will investigate the effects of rooibos tea on inflammation, muscle damage and muscle pain in a female population, and whether the muscle recovery capacity can ultimately be accelerated. AN  - NCT06561750 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Effect of Aspalathus Linearis on Muscle Soreness and Post-exercise Recovery in Young, Physically Inactive Women TI  - The Effect of Aspalathus Linearis on Muscle Soreness and Post-exercise Recovery in Young, Physically Inactive Women
Cognitive and Negative Symptoms in Schizophrenia Trial (CONSIST); This study will determine the effectiveness of treatment with glycine or d-cycloserine in addition to a normal antipsychotic regimen in improving negative symptoms and cognitive impairments in patients with schizophrenia. AN  - NCT00222235 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Adjunctive Treatment for Decreasing Symptoms of Schizophrenia TI  - Cognitive and Negative Symptoms in Schizophrenia Trial (CONSIST)
A Phase 3 Randomized, Open-label Trial of Selinexor, Pomalidomide, and Dexamethasone (SPd) Versus Elotuzumab, Pomalidomide, and Dexamethasone (EloPd) in Patients With Relapsed or Refractory Multiple Myeloma (RRMM); This phase 3 randomized, open-label multicenter trial will compare the efficacy, safety and the impact on health-related quality of life (HR-QoL) of SPd versus EloPd in pomalidomide-naïve patients with MM who have received 1 to 4 prior anti-MM regimens and been treated with an immunomodulatory imide drug (IMiD), proteasome inhibitor (PI) and an anti-CD38 monoclonal antibody (mAb). AN  - NCT05028348 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study of Combination of Selinexor, Pomalidomide, and Dexamethasone (SPd) Versus Elotuzumab, Pomalidomide, and Dexamethasone (EloPd) in Subject With Previously Treated Multiple Myeloma TI  - A Phase 3 Randomized, Open-label Trial of Selinexor, Pomalidomide, and Dexamethasone (SPd) Versus Elotuzumab, Pomalidomide, and Dexamethasone (EloPd) in Patients With Relapsed or Refractory Multiple Myeloma (RRMM)
Controlled Study of Humira in Subjects With Chronic Plaque Psoriasis of the Hands and/or Feet; Evaluate the efficacy and safety of a 16-week course of Humira (adalimumab) compared to placebo in adults with chronic plaque psoriasis of the hands and/or feet and the sustainability of response for 12 additional weeks. AN  - NCT00735787 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Controlled Study of Humira in Subjects With Chronic Plaque Psoriasis of the Hands and/or Feet TI  - Controlled Study of Humira in Subjects With Chronic Plaque Psoriasis of the Hands and/or Feet
An Open-label, Multi-center, 6-month Extension Study Comparing the Long-term Efficacy and Safety of Lucentis (Ranibizumab) Intravitreal Injections Versus Ozurdex (Dexamethasone) Intravitreal Implant in Patients With Visual Impairment Due to Macular Edema Following Branch Retinal Vein Occlusion (BRVO) or Central Retinal Vein Occlusion (CRVO) Who Have Completed the Respective Core Study (CRFB002EDE17 or CRFB002EDE18); The study is intended to characterize the clinical benefit regarding safety and efficacy of a long term treatment with Lucentis in comparison with Ozurdex over an additional 6 months and a 3-month follow-up period, following the initial 6-month treatment in the respective core studies CRFB002EDE17 (NCT01396057) and CRFB002EDE18 (NCT01396083). AN  - NCT01580020 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Extension Study to Compare Long-term Efficacy and Safety of Ranibizumab Intravitreal Injections Versus Dexamethasone Intravitreal Implant in Patients With RVO TI  - An Open-label, Multi-center, 6-month Extension Study Comparing the Long-term Efficacy and Safety of Lucentis (Ranibizumab) Intravitreal Injections Versus Ozurdex (Dexamethasone) Intravitreal Implant in Patients With Visual Impairment Due to Macular Edema Following Branch Retinal Vein Occlusion (BRVO) or Central Retinal Vein Occlusion (CRVO) Who Have Completed the Respective Core Study (CRFB002EDE17 or CRFB002EDE18)
Fecal Microbiome Transplantation From Healthy Donors to Individuals With Fibromyalgia: A Prospective Randomized, Controlled Double-Blind Study; This study aims to investigate if a fecal microbiome transplantation (FMT) from healthy donors can reduce symptoms of fibromyalgia, a condition causing chronic pain that is difficult to treat and diagnose. Changes in the gut bacteria of women with fibromyalgia were previously reported, which might be linked to their symptoms. In mice studies, transferring gut bacteria from individuals with fibromyalgia was shown to increase sensitivity to pain, while treatment with antibiotics and transferring bacteria from healthy individuals reversed this effect. In a small open label trial in women, improvements in pain, fatigue, and sleep problems were observed after FMT. The investigators aim to perform a larger trial following a similar path. The study aims to conduct a double-blinded, randomized, placebo-controlled trial involving 80 women diagnosed with severe fibromyalgia. Half of the participants (40) will receive the active treatment, while the other half (40) will receive a sham treatment. The allocation to either group will be randomized. Throughout the study period, both the caregivers and the participants will remain unaware of their assigned groups until the study conclusion. Participants' symptoms will be documented and their blood and stool will be tested for changes in certain metabolites. If this treatment works, it could be a significant breakthrough in managing fibromyalgia and might provide new insights into its causes. AN  - NCT06424041 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Fecal Microbiome Transplantation From Healthy Donors to Individuals With Fibromyalgia (FM-FMT-RCT) TI  - Fecal Microbiome Transplantation From Healthy Donors to Individuals With Fibromyalgia: A Prospective Randomized, Controlled Double-Blind Study
Endocannabinoid Activity Remodulation for Psychosis Liability in Youth (EARLY); The trial will unfold through one screening visit, one baseline visit, and two follow-up visits (FUP, 4 weeks and 12 weeks apart). The patient will be administered standardized interviews by a qualified investigating physician; clinical objective examination, collection of blood and urine samples for standard hematochemical investigations, collection of blood and stool samples for analysis of some biological markers of interest, monitoring of adherence to therapy intake, side effects, and adverse effects will also be performed during the follow-up visits. The nutraceutical PEA will be dispensed by the clinical investigators at each follow-up visit. AN  - NCT06037993 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Endocannabinoid Activity Remodulation for Psychosis Liability in Youth (EARLY) TI  - Endocannabinoid Activity Remodulation for Psychosis Liability in Youth (EARLY)
The Comparison of the Analgesic Effects of Dezocine and Sufentanil in Patient-controlled Analgesia After Laryngectomy; Laryngeal cancer is one of the most common tumors in otolaryngology. In China, it accounts for 1-5% of all malignancies and has an incidence of 1.13 per 100,000. Surgical resection is the most important treatment for patients who are not candidates for chemoradiotherapy or refuse chemoradiotherapy. The types of surgery include total and partial laryngectomy. Patients with laryngeal cancer often face multiple physical and psychiatric changes after surgery, such as daily large sputum production accompanied by cough, cleaning care of the air incision, fatigue, and sleep disturbances. Some patients do not actively exclude secretions due to pain, and the formation of sputum plugs causes lung inflammation, which is not conducive to postoperative recovery. Good postoperative pain management is beneficial to shorten the length of hospital stay and reduce mortality. Sufentanil is most commonly used for postoperative analgesia and has good analgesic effect, but there are some adverse effects, such as dizziness, nausea and vomiting, urinary retention, skin itching, respiratory depression, etc. As a new type of analgesic, dezocine has been widely used in clinical practice with few adverse reactions to the respiratory and circulatory system, and its application to postoperative analgesia can significantly improve the immune activity. At present, there are not many studies on continuous analgesia of dezocine, mostly single-dose analgesia studies, this study for different doses of dezocine for the postoperative analgesic effect of laryngeal cancer patients, compared with the current classic opioid analgesics, to provide a new scheme for clinical medication. AN  - NCT06000137 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Comparison of the Analgesic Effects of Dezocine and Sufentanil in Patient-controlled Analgesia After Laryngectomy TI  - The Comparison of the Analgesic Effects of Dezocine and Sufentanil in Patient-controlled Analgesia After Laryngectomy
Treatment of Chronic Pelvic Pain Due to Endometriosis by Transcutaneous Auricular Vagus Nerve Stimulation; Vagus nerve stimulation is a non-invasive technique that includes an anti-inflammatory effect and a modulation of neurotransmitter production (adrenaline, norepinephrine; serotonin, acetylcholine). Yuan and Silberstein published a general review on the technique. Migraine and depression are one of the selected indications. In addition, Napadow et al. published favourable results in a short series of patients with chronic pelvic pain. The Investigators of this study have treated some patients with this technique with a result deemed satisfactory which leads to propose a randomized study to confirm this impression. AN  - NCT04177511 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Treatment of Chronic Pelvic Pain Due to Endometriosis by Transcutaneous Auricular Vagus Nerve Stimulation (Stim-Endom) TI  - Treatment of Chronic Pelvic Pain Due to Endometriosis by Transcutaneous Auricular Vagus Nerve Stimulation
Impact of Chiropractic Care on Opioid Use Among Adults With Chronic Non-Cancer Spinal Pain: A Pilot Cluster Randomized Controlled Trial (ACCESS-DC Pilot); The investigators hypothesize that a full-scale (definitive) cluster RCT on the impact of chiropractic care on prescription opioid use for chronic non-cancer spinal pain will be feasible within the Ontario CHC context. AN  - NCT06160947 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Effect of Chiropractic Care on Opioid Use for Chronic Spinal Pain: A Feasibility Study (ACCESS-DC) TI  - Impact of Chiropractic Care on Opioid Use Among Adults With Chronic Non-Cancer Spinal Pain: A Pilot Cluster Randomized Controlled Trial (ACCESS-DC Pilot)
Pulsed ElectroMagnetic Field Therapy With Square Wave Forms and Artificial Intelligence Within the Software Interface for Individualised, Bespoke Bio-Electromagnetic Therapy to Treat Symptoms of Chronic Lyme Disease Remaining After Antibiotics Treatment; Muscle ache, myalgia, muscle pain that is acutely located and/or 'wandering' (different location on different days) Aching joints Headache Fatigue, general tiredness, loss of energy, general exhaustion Mild, recurrent fever and/or chills occurring regularly Lack of oxygen in blood, feelings of 'air hunger', too high carbon dioxide levels in blood AN  - NCT04577053 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - PEMF Therapy to Treat Lingering Symptoms of Lyme Disease After Treatment With Antibiotics (PEMF) TI  - Pulsed ElectroMagnetic Field Therapy With Square Wave Forms and Artificial Intelligence Within the Software Interface for Individualised, Bespoke Bio-Electromagnetic Therapy to Treat Symptoms of Chronic Lyme Disease Remaining After Antibiotics Treatment
Satisfaction With Pain Relief After Carpal Tunnel Release Surgery; Our aim is to determine if there is a difference in satisfaction with pain relief between patients advised to take opioids compared to patients advised to use over the counter acetaminophen after carpal tunnel release under local anesthesia. A secondary aim is to determine if personal factors account for more of the variability in satisfaction with pain relief than opioid strategy. AN  - NCT01588158 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Patient Satisfaction With Pain Relief After Ambulatory Hand Surgery TI  - Satisfaction With Pain Relief After Carpal Tunnel Release Surgery
Combining Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation and Yoga for Improved Pain Management for Knee Osteoarthritis: A Pilot and Feasibility Trial; The research project wants to change how the arthritis pain is being managed by focusing on how it works. The investigators plan to test this combo in a study comparing real tDCS plus yoga with fake tDCS plus yoga. The investigators will look not only at pain but also at other measures related to pain and how the nervous system works. This new mix could be a meaningful way to reduce pain for people with knee arthritis. AN  - NCT06228573 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation and Yoga for Knee Osteoarthritis TI  - Combining Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation and Yoga for Improved Pain Management for Knee Osteoarthritis: A Pilot and Feasibility Trial
A Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled, Parallel Group, Phase II, 24-week Study Investigating the Efficacy, Safety and Tolerability of AIN457 in Patients With Active Overuse Tendinopathy Refractory to Oral NSAIDs/Acetaminophen, Physiotherapy or Corticosteroid Injections; This was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multi-center, Phase II study of s.c. secukinumab 300 mg in 98 randomized patients with overuse rotator-cuff tendinopathy without systemic inflammatory disease. AN  - NCT03344640 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study of Efficacy, Safety and Tolerability of AIN457 in Patients With Active Overuse Tendinopathy TI  - A Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled, Parallel Group, Phase II, 24-week Study Investigating the Efficacy, Safety and Tolerability of AIN457 in Patients With Active Overuse Tendinopathy Refractory to Oral NSAIDs/Acetaminophen, Physiotherapy or Corticosteroid Injections
Investigation of Cannabis for Chronic Pain and Palliative Care; The goal is to investigate the effects of high CBD/low THC cannabis on symptoms such as pain, nausea/vomiting, and quality of life in seriously ill participants. While there is data beginning to emerge that cannabis may have a beneficial effect on these symptoms, there are few placebo controlled, double-blind studies. Additionally, the administration of cannabis to medically ill patients may be limited by its subjective effects, such as anxiety, intoxication, or paranoia. Most cannabis available today has high levels of Δ-9-THC (about 15%). By using cannabis that is high in CBD, but low in - Δ-9-THC, it is hypothesized that some of these effects can be avoid, while maximizing the therapeutic effects, if any. AN  - NCT02683018 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Investigation of Cannabis for Chronic Pain and Palliative Care TI  - Investigation of Cannabis for Chronic Pain and Palliative Care
A Randomized, Open-labelled, Controlled Trial Evaluating the Efficacy of a Physical Therapy-yoga-patient Educational Program for Breast Cancer Patients With Pain Due to Hormonal Therapy Treatment.; Furthermore, in order to examine whether yoga interventions may influence inflammation through their effects on the level of a wide range of pro- and anti-inflammatory cytokines (30), the investigators will Change in circulating cytokines' level between baseline level (T0) and post-treatment level (T2) in both groups will be analyzed and if so correlation will be established. AN  - NCT04457895 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Evaluation of the Efficacy of a Physical Therapy-yoga-patient Educational Program for Breast Cancer Patients With Pain Due to Hormonal Therapy Treatment. (SKYPE2) TI  - A Randomized, Open-labelled, Controlled Trial Evaluating the Efficacy of a Physical Therapy-yoga-patient Educational Program for Breast Cancer Patients With Pain Due to Hormonal Therapy Treatment.
Exploring Novel Uses of Microbiota Therapy for Managing the Side Effects of Psychiatric Pharmaceutical Interventions: An N-of-1 Pilot and Feasibility Study; - To identify and define other potential confounders or effect modifiers of our primary and secondary objectives that should be considered in future study designs AN  - NCT05022524 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Exploring Novel Uses of Microbiota Therapy for Managing the Side Effects of Psychiatric Pharmaceutical Interventions TI  - Exploring Novel Uses of Microbiota Therapy for Managing the Side Effects of Psychiatric Pharmaceutical Interventions: An N-of-1 Pilot and Feasibility Study
Efficacy of Photobiomodulation for Oral Lichen Planus Treatment; The aim of this study was to compare the efficacy of PBM (660nm) and corticosteroid therapy with clobetasol propionate 0.05% in the treatment of OLP. This is a protocol for a randomized, controlled, double blind clinical trial. Fourty-four patients will be randomized in two experimental groups. Control group will be treated with clobetasol propionate 0.05% for 30 consecutive days and with placebo PBM twice a week. The experimental group will be treated with placebo gel for 30 consecutive days to mask the treatment and patients will receive PBM twice a week during 1 month (laser λ = 660±10 nm; power 100mW; radiant energy 177J/cm2; 5-s exposure time per point and 0.5J of energy per point. The primary variable (pain) and the secondary variables including clinical scores and functional scores as well as patient anxiety and depression (The Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale-HADS), will be evaluated at the baseline, once a week during treatment and after 30 and 60 days of follow up. Evaluation of clinical resolution will be performed at the end of the treatment (30 days). Evaluation of recurrence will be performed after 30 and 60 days of follow up. Serum and salivary levels of IL-6, IL-10, IL-1β, INF-γ and TNF-α will be evaluated at baseline and at the end of treatment (30 days). Quality of life will be evaluated by OHIP-14 questionnaire at baseline, at the end of treatment and after 30 and 60 days of follow up. The chi-square test, Student's t-test and ANOVA will be used and the level of significance of 5% will be considered (p < 0.05). AN  - NCT03320460 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Photobiomodulation in Oral Lichen Planus TI  - Efficacy of Photobiomodulation for Oral Lichen Planus Treatment
A Multicenter, 48-week, Open-label Extension Study to Assess the Long-term Safety, Tolerability, and Efficacy of Bimekizumab in Adult Subjects With Moderate to Severe Chronic Plaque Psoriasis.; This is a study to assess the long-term safety, tolerability, and efficacy of bimekizumab. AN  - NCT03230292 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study to Evaluate the Long-term Safety, Tolerability and Efficacy of Bimekizumab in Adult Patients With Chronic Plaque Psoriasis TI  - A Multicenter, 48-week, Open-label Extension Study to Assess the Long-term Safety, Tolerability, and Efficacy of Bimekizumab in Adult Subjects With Moderate to Severe Chronic Plaque Psoriasis.
Intravenous Lidocaine Infusion in the Management of Post-operative Pain in Colorectal Patients; The purpose of this study is to determine if an intravenous lidocaine infusion (compared to placebo) intraoperatively will decrease time to return of bowel function postoperatively, decrease postoperative pain, diminish postoperative opioid requirement, minimize inflammatory markers and shorten time to discharge after colorectal surgery. AN  - NCT01836614 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Intravenous Lidocaine Infusion in the Management of Post-operative Pain in Colorectal Patients TI  - Intravenous Lidocaine Infusion in the Management of Post-operative Pain in Colorectal Patients
A Study on Genetic Alterations (Polymorphism) in Key Genes in the Kynurenine Pathway on Suicidal Behavior; Current research has shown that an imbalance in the Kinurenine pathway plays a role in the physiopathology of neurogenerative and mental disorders (with a decrease in neuroprotective metabolites and an increase in neurotoxic products). So far the research has concentrated on the enzymes IDO, KAT, KMO, 3HAO and QPRT which are the key players in this pathway. Several polymorphisms affecting these enzymes have been associated with certain disorders characterized by a deregulation of the inflammation and immune response (McCauley et al 2009,Tardito et al 2013, Lee et al 2014), but no studies have ever tried to find a link between these enzymes and suicidal behavior. The investigators hypothesize that people who have attempted to commit suicide will have pro-inflammatory genetic variations affecting the kynurenine pathway. AN  - NCT04565834 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effect of Genetic Alterations in Key Genes in the Kynurenine Pathway on Suicidal Behavior (SuiKYN) TI  - A Study on Genetic Alterations (Polymorphism) in Key Genes in the Kynurenine Pathway on Suicidal Behavior
Cohort Study of Newly Diagnosed Moderate to Severe Ulcerative Colitis in Tertiary Referral Hospital Setting in Korea; The purpose of this study is to describe clinical course of newly diagnosed moderate to severe ulcerative colitis (chronic inflammatory disease of the colon) in tertiary referral hospitals in Korea for 5-year follow-up under usual care. AN  - NCT02229344 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study of Clinical Course of Newly Diagnosed Moderate to Severe Ulcerative Colitis in Korea (MOSAIK) TI  - Cohort Study of Newly Diagnosed Moderate to Severe Ulcerative Colitis in Tertiary Referral Hospital Setting in Korea
Personalized, CT-guided Antithrombotic Therapy Versus Lifelong Single Antiplatelet Therapy to Reduce Thromboembolic and Bleeding Events in Non-atrial Fibrillation Patients After Transcatheter Aortic Valve Implantation: a Pragmatic, International, Multicentre, Randomized Clinical Trial; After 3 months, a CT scan will be conducted to assess the presence of thrombosis on the newly implanted TAVI valve. Based on the results of a 4D CT scan, the decision will be made whether the patient should receive no anticoagulant or antithrombotic therapy with apixaban. CT-guided antithrombotic therapy holds the potential for a greater reduction in thromboembolic events without increasing the bleeding risk. AN  - NCT06168370 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Personalized, CT-guided Antithrombotic Therapy Versus Lifelong Single Antiplatelet Therapy to Reduce Thromboembolic and Bleeding Events in Non-atrial Fibrillation Patients After Transcatheter Aortic Valve Implantation (POP ATLANTIS) TI  - Personalized, CT-guided Antithrombotic Therapy Versus Lifelong Single Antiplatelet Therapy to Reduce Thromboembolic and Bleeding Events in Non-atrial Fibrillation Patients After Transcatheter Aortic Valve Implantation: a Pragmatic, International, Multicentre, Randomized Clinical Trial
Efficacy of Gralise® for Chronic Pelvic Pain; This study is done to investigate the pain relieving effects of the study drug Gralise (a novel long acting gabapentinoid) for people who experience chronic pelvic pain. Subjects with Irritable Bowel Syndrome, Interstitial Cystitis, Ulcerative Colitis, and Prostatitis will be recruited. The purpose of this research is to look at how the study drug can be used to benefit people who experience this type of pain. This is a phase IV study done to study the safety and effectiveness of the drug. At this point the drug has been approved by the Food and Drug Administration and has been reported to be well tolerated and effective in the treatment of various chronic pain conditions, particularly in neuropathic pain. About 36 subjects will take part in this study. AN  - NCT01678911 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Efficacy of Gralise® for Chronic Pelvic Pain TI  - Efficacy of Gralise® for Chronic Pelvic Pain
Multi-dimensional Clinical and Pathophysiological Profiles of Patients With Functional Dyspepsia and Effect of Gut Microbiota Manipulation Using Rifaximin for Its Treatment: A Randomized Controlled Trial; Functional dyspepsia (FD) is a common condition associated with significant morbidity, healthcare expenditure, work absenteeism and productivity, and reduced quality of life. The prevalence of this condition is as high as 15% in the rural (Jaunpur district, Uttar Pradesh) and 30% of the urban (Mumbai) Indian population. Pathophysiologically, FD is an enigmatic condition that may be contributed by a variable combination of psychosocial issues like anxiety, depression, insomnia, and micro-organic issues like Helicobacter pylori infection, gastritis, duodenitis, hypersecretion of acid, degree of gastric atrophy, gastric microbiota dysbiosis. Accordingly, investigators want to study these factors among patients with FD. Rifaximin has been shown to be useful in the treatment of FD in a recent randomized controlled trial from Hong Kong. Since microbiota dysbiosis may be an important issue in FD, investigators want to treat them with rifaximin in a randomized placebo-controlled trial and repeat the parameters such as dyspepsia score, hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS) score, Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI). Investigators wish to study the pathogenetic mechanism of FD and evaluate baseline factors that may help to predict response to gut microbiota manipulation in these patients. Objectives: a. To study the patients with FD for gut microbiota including gastric H. pylori, gastric atrophy (by PG-1 PG-II ratio), hospital anxiety and depression score, and sleep disorders b. To see the effect of treatment of these patients with rifaximin vs. placebo in a randomized controlled trial not only for the improvement in symptoms but also for improvement in HADS score and sleep quality c. To study whether any pre-treatment factors including gut microbiota predict the response of symptoms to treatment with rifaximin. AN  - NCT04302402 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Multi-dimensional Clinical and Pathophysiological Profiles of Patients With Functional Dyspepsia and Effect of Gut Microbiota Manipulation Using Rifaximin for Its Treatment TI  - Multi-dimensional Clinical and Pathophysiological Profiles of Patients With Functional Dyspepsia and Effect of Gut Microbiota Manipulation Using Rifaximin for Its Treatment: A Randomized Controlled Trial
A Study Comparing the Efficacy of Two Ibuprofen Formulations; This is a study of healthy volunteers to compare how quickly different ibuprofen products relieve dental pain. AN  - NCT00740857 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study Comparing the Efficacy of Two Ibuprofen Formulations TI  - A Study Comparing the Efficacy of Two Ibuprofen Formulations
Incident Chronic Obstructive pulmoNary dIsease Cohort Study (ICONIC); The premise is that with systematic screening in general medicine, it is possible to identify the evolution of newly diagnosed COPD patients, to distinguish the different possible evolutions according to the initial phenotype and the management. AN  - NCT04252781 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Incident Chronic Obstructive pulmoNary dIsease Cohort Study (ICONIC) (ICONIC) TI  - Incident Chronic Obstructive pulmoNary dIsease Cohort Study (ICONIC)
Cognitive and Psychiatric Effects of Linaclotide on Patients With Irritable Bowel Syndrome-Constipation Predominant and Chronic Idiopathic Constipation; Anti depressant medication is widely used in the treatment of IBS. Linaclotide is a novel medication for IBS that is also effective at relieving pain associated with IBS, which may be in part to signalling between the gut and the brain. However, the impact of Linaclotide on the psychiatric symptoms of anxiety and depression on IBS has not been investigated. AN  - NCT03342287 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Cognitive and Psychiatric Effects of Linaclotide on Patients With Constipation TI  - Cognitive and Psychiatric Effects of Linaclotide on Patients With Irritable Bowel Syndrome-Constipation Predominant and Chronic Idiopathic Constipation
A Phase III Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo- and Active-Comparator-Controlled, Multiple-Dose, Clinical Trial to Study the Safety and Efficacy of MK0663/Etoricoxib and Ibuprofen in the Treatment of Postorthopedic Knee Replacement Surgery Pain; The purpose of this study was to evaluate the efficacy and safety of Etoricoxib compared to placebo and ibuprofen in the treatment of postoperative pain associated with unilateral total knee replacement surgery. The hypotheses for this study were that the average pain intensity difference (at rest) in participants treated with Etoricoxib (120 mg, 90 mg) is superior to placebo, the average total daily dose of morphine in participants treated with Etoricoxib (120 mg, 90 mg) is less than in participants treated with placebo, and that Etoricoxib (120 mg, 90 mg) will be generally safe and well tolerated by participants treated for pain following total knee replacement orthopedic surgery. AN  - NCT00820027 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study of MK-0663/Etoricoxib in Postorthopedic Knee Replacement Surgery Pain (MK-0663-098) TI  - A Phase III Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo- and Active-Comparator-Controlled, Multiple-Dose, Clinical Trial to Study the Safety and Efficacy of MK0663/Etoricoxib and Ibuprofen in the Treatment of Postorthopedic Knee Replacement Surgery Pain
Efficacy and Safety of tobRamycin Inhalation Solution for Pseudomonas AeruginoSa Eradication in Bronchiectasis (ERASE): Study Protocol for a Multi-center, 2×2 Factorial Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled Trial; People with bronchiectasis are prone to Pseudomonas aeruginosa (PA) infections, which can become chronic and lead to increased death rates and disease severity. Studies from cystic fibrosis suggest that eradication therapy aimed at PA can successfully transition patients to a culture-negative status, providing long-term benefits. Current guidelines for managing bronchiectasis in adults recommend eradicating PA when it is first or newly isolated; however, there is a lack of randomized controlled trials supporting such recommendations. The researchers hypothesize that both oral ciprofloxacin combined with Tobramycin inhalation solution and Tobramycin inhalation solution alone are superior to no eradication (inhaled saline) in terms of the eradication rates of PA, defined as a negative sputum culture of PA at both 24 weeks and 36 weeks. AN  - NCT06093191 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Tobramycin Inhalation Solution for Pseudomonas Aeruginosa Eradication in Bronchiectasis (ERASE) TI  - Efficacy and Safety of tobRamycin Inhalation Solution for Pseudomonas AeruginoSa Eradication in Bronchiectasis (ERASE): Study Protocol for a Multi-center, 2×2 Factorial Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled Trial
Stroke Minimization Through Additive Anti-atherosclerotic Agents in Routine Treatment; The overarching objective of the Stroke Minimization through Additive Anti-atherosclerotic Agents in Routine Treatment (SMAART) trial is to assess whether a polypill containing fixed doses of (2/3) antihypertensives, a statin and antiplatelet therapy taken once daily orally would result in carotid intimal thickness regression-a surrogate marker of atherosclerosis, improved adherence, and tolerability compared with 'usual care' group on separate individual secondary preventive medications among Ghanaian first time stroke survivors. Our ultimate objective is to design of a future multi center, double-blinded, placebo-controlled, parallel-group, randomized trial comparing the clinical efficacy of the polypill strategy vs 'usual care' in the African context to derive locally relevant, high-quality evidence for routine deployment of polypill for CVD risk moderation among stroke survivors in LMICs. In this current study, we plan to recruit 120 recent ischemic stroke survivors randomized 1:1 to the polypill or usual care arms. AN  - NCT03329599 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Stroke Minimization Through Additive Anti-atherosclerotic Agents in Routine Treatment TI  - Stroke Minimization Through Additive Anti-atherosclerotic Agents in Routine Treatment
Effect of Atorvastatin on the Frequency of Ventilator-associated Pneumonia in Patients With Ischemic Stroke; In addition there is no prospective study to investigate the role of statins in VAP in the patients with ischemic stroke. The investigator hopes that this study can approve the relationship between statins and reduced risk of VAP in the patients with ischemic stroke. And it can improve the processes,outcomes and costs of critical care as well. AN  - NCT01550419 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effect of Atorvastatin on the Frequency of Ventilator-associated Pneumonia in Patients With Ischemic Stroke TI  - Effect of Atorvastatin on the Frequency of Ventilator-associated Pneumonia in Patients With Ischemic Stroke
A Randomised, Observer Blinded, Controlled Trial Of Femoral Nerve Block Versus Local Infiltration Analgesia for Post Operative Analgesia Following Total Knee Arthroplasty; Pain after a knee replacement can impair recovery and use of the new knee. Having an injection to numb the femoral nerve is known to give good pain relief after the operation but may lead to slower mobilisation as it also prevents the patient from moving the knee. Recent studies have shown that infiltration of local anaesthetic (LIA) within the new knee joint may also give good pain relief. The null hypothesis is that there is no difference in primary or secondary outcome measures between femoral nerve block and LIA, as anaesthetic techniques for knee replacement. AN  - NCT02288923 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Trial to Compare Femoral Nerve Block With Local Anaesthetic Injection for Post-operative Pain After Knee Replacement. (LIFT) TI  - A Randomised, Observer Blinded, Controlled Trial Of Femoral Nerve Block Versus Local Infiltration Analgesia for Post Operative Analgesia Following Total Knee Arthroplasty
Effects of Intensive Multidisciplinary Rehabilitation and Identification of New Biomarkers in Response to an Integrated Motor-Cognitive and Aerobic Exercises Approaches in People With Parkinson's Disease; Based on validated clinical assessments of intensive multidisciplinary rehabilitation treatment, the project will test the ability of a new set of biomarkers to evaluate rehabilitative outcomes in a cohort of people with PD. AN  - NCT05452655 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Intensive Multidisciplinary Rehabilitation and Biomarkers in Parkinson's Disease TI  - Effects of Intensive Multidisciplinary Rehabilitation and Identification of New Biomarkers in Response to an Integrated Motor-Cognitive and Aerobic Exercises Approaches in People With Parkinson's Disease
Pre-emptive Infiltration of the Scalp With Diprospan Plus Ropivacaine for Pain After Craniotomy in Children; Thus, investigators suppose that pre-emptive scalp infiltration with steroid (Diprospan) plus local anesthetic (ropivacaine) could relieve postoperative pain after craniotomy in children. AN  - NCT06321354 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Pre-emptive Infiltration of the Scalp With Diprospan Plus Ropivacaine for Pain After Craniotomy in Children TI  - Pre-emptive Infiltration of the Scalp With Diprospan Plus Ropivacaine for Pain After Craniotomy in Children
Topical Silymarin Cream Versus Salicylic Acid Peeling in Treatment of Acne Vulgaris: Split Face Study; Topical therapies are considered one of the mainstay treatments for patients with mild-to-moderate acne. AN  - NCT04490967 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Silymarin Cream Versus Salicylic Acid in Treatment of Acne Vulgaris TI  - Topical Silymarin Cream Versus Salicylic Acid Peeling in Treatment of Acne Vulgaris: Split Face Study
Phase 2 Study, Multicenter, Open-Label Extension (OLE) Study in Rheumatoid Arthritis Subjects Who Have Completed a Preceding Phase 2 Randomized Controlled Trial (RCT) With Upadacitinib (ABT-494); The primary objective of the study is to evaluate the long-term safety, tolerability, and efficacy of upadacitinib in adults with rheumatoid arthritis (RA) who have completed a preceding randomized controlled trial with upadacitinib. AN  - NCT02049138 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - An Open-label Extension Study Evaluating the Safety and Efficacy of Upadacitinib (ABT-494) in Adults With Rheumatoid Arthritis (BALANCE-EXTEND) TI  - Phase 2 Study, Multicenter, Open-Label Extension (OLE) Study in Rheumatoid Arthritis Subjects Who Have Completed a Preceding Phase 2 Randomized Controlled Trial (RCT) With Upadacitinib (ABT-494)
Efficacy of Microparticle Geniculate Artery Embolization in Total Knee Prosthesis Patients With Pain Resistant to Medical Treatment. A Prospective Randomized Controlled Trial; After verification of eligibility criteria, patients with painful total knee prosthesis will be randomized to either the embolization group or the control group. Embolization will be performed using microparticles (Embozene® Microspheres 100 microns from Varian), for the treatment group. For the "sham " group, only diagnostic arteriography will be performed without injection of microparticles. Subjects will be followed up at 1, 3, 6 and 12 months. AN  - NCT06466330 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Efficacy of Microparticle Geniculate Artery Embolization in Total Knee Prosthesis Patients With Pain Resistant to Medical Treatment. A Prospective Randomized Controlled Trial (EPROGE) TI  - Efficacy of Microparticle Geniculate Artery Embolization in Total Knee Prosthesis Patients With Pain Resistant to Medical Treatment. A Prospective Randomized Controlled Trial
Preemptive Analgesic Efficacy of Parecoxib for Reducing Postoperative Pain in Gynecological; The research is to test the preemptive analgesic efficacy of Parecoxib drug in gynecological surgery by comparing Parecoxib drug and NSS administration 15 min before starting the surgery which the result of postoperative pain score is interpret by visual analog scale index AN  - NCT06140238 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Preemptive Analgesic Efficacy of Parecoxib for Reducing Postoperative Pain in Gynecological Surgery TI  - Preemptive Analgesic Efficacy of Parecoxib for Reducing Postoperative Pain in Gynecological
Eefficacy of Diadynamic Currents Associated Exercise in Patients With Knee Osteoarthritis; Although the analgesic impact of TENS therapy is well known, Diadynamic currents therapies have not been studied in knee osteoarthritis pain conditions. Therefore, the aim of the present study was to investigate the medium-term effects of Diadynamic currents combined with exercise on pain and disability in patients with osteoarthritis of the knee. AN  - NCT05159986 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Diadynamic and Exercises in Knee Osteoarthritis TI  - Eefficacy of Diadynamic Currents Associated Exercise in Patients With Knee Osteoarthritis
Are Opioids Needed: A Double-Blinded, Randomized Controlled Trial and Examination of Predictors of Opioid Use Following ACL Reconstruction; As the public health sector continues to confront the opioid epidemic, orthopaedic surgeons must revisit pain management protocols to reduce unnecessary opioid prescriptions. The long-term goal is to reduce opioid use and residual opioids in circulation. AN  - NCT04285853 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Are Opioids Needed After ACL Reconstruction TI  - Are Opioids Needed: A Double-Blinded, Randomized Controlled Trial and Examination of Predictors of Opioid Use Following ACL Reconstruction
Acne and Mood: Impact of Treatment on Depression, Anxiety, and Sexual Function; This study seeks to examine if there is any relationship between spironolactone use prescribed for acne vulgaris and depression, anxiety, and/or sexual function. AN  - NCT03921476 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Acne and Mood: Impact of Treatment on Depression, Anxiety, and Sexual Function TI  - Acne and Mood: Impact of Treatment on Depression, Anxiety, and Sexual Function
International Multicenter, Randomized, Double-blind, Double-masked, Placebo-controlled Study of the Efficacy and Safety of BCD-132 Using an Active Reference Drug (Teriflunomide) for the Treatment of Patients With Multiple Sclerosis; International multicenter, randomized, double-blind, double-masked, placebo-controlled study of efficacy and safety of BCD-132 (JSC BIOСAD, Russia) using an active reference drug (teriflunomide) for the treatment of patients with multiple sclerosis AN  - NCT04056897 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Comparative Study of the Efficacy and Safety of BCD-132 With Teriflunomide and Placebo in Multiple Sclerosis TI  - International Multicenter, Randomized, Double-blind, Double-masked, Placebo-controlled Study of the Efficacy and Safety of BCD-132 Using an Active Reference Drug (Teriflunomide) for the Treatment of Patients With Multiple Sclerosis
Safety and Immunogenicity of GSK Biologicals' HPV-16/18 L1 VLP AS04 Vaccine (GSK-580299) in Healthy Female Children 4-6 Years Old; The current study evaluates the immunogenicity and safety in 4-6 years old female subjects (experimental group) receiving Cervarix according to a 2-dose schedule (Month 0, 6), as compared to 4-6 years old female subjects (control group) receiving sequentially Priorix (Month 0) and Infanrix (Month 6) vaccines. AN  - NCT01627561 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Safety and Immunogenicity of GSK Biologicals' HPV-16/18 L1 VLP AS04 Vaccine (GSK-580299) in Healthy Female Children 4-6 Years Old TI  - Safety and Immunogenicity of GSK Biologicals' HPV-16/18 L1 VLP AS04 Vaccine (GSK-580299) in Healthy Female Children 4-6 Years Old
Effect of Bifidobacterium Bifidum (Bf-688) on Clinical Characteristics and Gut Microbiota in Attention-deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder: a Double-blind Randomized-control Trial; Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) is a common neurodevelopmental disorder. Gut microbiome dysbiosis may be associated with the pathophysiology of ADHD. Investigators previously found the relative abundance of Sutterella stercoricanis were increased and Bifidobacterium bifidum were decreased in the ADHD group. Investigators hypothesize that ADHD patients receiving supplementary Bifidobacterium bifidum (Bf-688) is able to increase the proportion of Bf-688; inhibit the proportion of Sutterella; and improve ADHD symptoms. AN  - NCT04958460 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effect of Probiotics on ADHD TI  - Effect of Bifidobacterium Bifidum (Bf-688) on Clinical Characteristics and Gut Microbiota in Attention-deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder: a Double-blind Randomized-control Trial
Oral Antibiotic Outpatient Therapy vs. Placebo in the Treatment of Uncomplicated Acute Appendicitis: a Randomized Double-blind Placebo-controlled Noninferiority Trial APPAC IV; APPAC IV, a randomized double-blind multicenter clinical trial comparing once daily oral moxifloxacin with placebo in an outpatient setting aims to evaluate whether antibiotics and hospitalization or both can be omitted in the treatment of uncomplicated appendicitis further significantly increasing cost savings and patient satisfaction. This is a direct research continuum to the previous trial triad: APPAC, APPAC II and APPAC III, which have already established that the majority of patients with uncomplicated acute appendicitis can be safely treated without surgery. The APPAC IV trial is based on a novel concept and approach to further optimize the nonoperative treatment of uncomplicated acute appendicitis with a high potential in resulting in major health care cost savings and potentially also in significant reduction of antibiotic use in an extremely common surgical emergency. AN  - NCT06210269 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Oral Antibiotic Outpatient Therapy vs. Placebo in the Treatment of Uncomplicated Acute Appendicitis (APPAC IV) TI  - Oral Antibiotic Outpatient Therapy vs. Placebo in the Treatment of Uncomplicated Acute Appendicitis: a Randomized Double-blind Placebo-controlled Noninferiority Trial APPAC IV
Health Outcomes of Parents With Cystic Fibrosis-Aim 2; Participants will complete quarterly surveys during the first year of parenthood and biannual surveys, thereafter, using the computer-based survey system on an iPad protected for infection control or via personal device or computer via emailed survey link. AN  - NCT06296394 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Health Outcomes of Parents With Cystic Fibrosis-Aim 2 (HOPeCF) TI  - Health Outcomes of Parents With Cystic Fibrosis-Aim 2
The Effect of Low Dose Pregabalin and Etoricoxib Combination on Pain in Comparison to Etoricoxib Alone in Patients Suffering From Chronic Low Back Pain; - Patients with the history of suicidal ideation, severe depression, anxiety disorder psychosis, and cognitive impairment Data collection Participants will be divided into two study groups. Group A (n=70) participant will receive 60mg Etoricoxib once daily along with a placebo and Group B (n=70) participants will also receive etoricoxib 60mg once daily(15) along with a placebo for 4 weeks. At the start of week 5 the group B will start taking Pregabalin 75mg along with Etoricoxib 60mg once daily for next 4 weeks, while, group A will continue same treatment as before. At Weeks 0 and 4 and 8 of the study, participants will be evaluated. Liver enzyme levels will be measured both at the beginning and end of the trial. The pain will be measured using numeric rating scale (NRS). CLBP-related impairment will be evaluated using the self-reported 24-item Roland-Morris impairment Questionnaire (RMDQ) AN  - NCT06401499 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Effect of Pregabalin and Etoricoxib on Pain Alone Versus in Combination TI  - The Effect of Low Dose Pregabalin and Etoricoxib Combination on Pain in Comparison to Etoricoxib Alone in Patients Suffering From Chronic Low Back Pain
Multimodal Nonopioid Pain Protocol Following Shoulder Arthroplasty Surgery; This randomized, single blinded, clinical trial aims to investigate the efficacy of a multimodal pain control regimen for shoulder arthroplasty. Patients who receive a multimodal pain control regimen alone (study group) will be compared to patients who receive a multimodal pain control regimen plus a standard prescription of an opioid containing medication (comparison group). The primary outcome is average daily Numerical Rating Scale (NRS) pain score in the first 10 days after surgery. We hypothesize that there will be no significant difference in the primary outcome between the two groups. AN  - NCT05488847 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Opioid-Free Pain Protocol After Shoulder Arthroplasty TI  - Multimodal Nonopioid Pain Protocol Following Shoulder Arthroplasty Surgery
Clinical Study on Circadian Genes Dysregulation in Patients With Glucocorticoid Disorders; This is a multicentric, prospective, intervention study on circadian genes expression in peripheral blood mononuclear cells as biomarkers of circadian rhythm derangement in patients affected by alterations of endogenous glucocorticoids secretion (Cushing's Syndrome during active phase, treatment and under remission and newly or on established glucocorticoid replacement therapy adrenal insufficiency) AN  - NCT04374721 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Clinical Study on Circadian Genes Dysregulation in Patients With Glucocorticoid Disorders (CHROnOS) TI  - Clinical Study on Circadian Genes Dysregulation in Patients With Glucocorticoid Disorders
Prednisone for the Early Treatment of Complex Regional Pain Syndrome After Distal Radius Fracture - a Pilot Randomized Trial; Wrist fractures are the most prevalent adult fracture. Complex regional pain syndrome (CRPS) is a common complication that can occur, leading to permanent disability and is costly to the patient and healthcare system. In addition, amidst the opioid epidemic, the risk of increased opioid use in patients with CRPS prompts the need to find viable treatment strategies. This study aims to evaluate an anti-inflammatory medication, prednisone, in the early treatment of CRPS. Patients with wrist fractures who undergo surgical treatment will be randomized to receiving placebo vs prednisone for 2 weeks. Clinical assessments in the follow up period will be compared. AN  - NCT06453447 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Prednisone for CRPS in Distal Radius Fracture TI  - Prednisone for the Early Treatment of Complex Regional Pain Syndrome After Distal Radius Fracture - a Pilot Randomized Trial
18-Month Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Study of Curcumin; FDDNP-PET scans will be used to measure the amount of abnormal amyloid plaque- and tau tangle-proteins in the brain; the MRIs will be used to monitor supplement side effects and measure brain structure; the neuropsychological assessments will monitor rates of cognitive decline; the blood draws will be used to determine genetic risk and to test levels of inflammatory markers. AN  - NCT01383161 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - 18-Month Study of Memory Effects of Curcumin (Curcumin) TI  - 18-Month Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Study of Curcumin
The Relative Energy Deficiency in Sports (REDs) in Swedish Athletes Study; Background: Relative Energy Deficiency in Sport (REDs) describes impairment of health and performance due to problematic (long-term/severe) low energy availability (LEA), with or without eating disorders. LEA is frequently reported in sports with high training volumes, especially in leanness demanding sports, and 20% of female and 9% of male Norwegian national team athletes have been reported to have eating disorders. Potential trigger factors are e.g., dieting, injuries, coaching behavior, and subculture aspects e.g., focus on low body weight. The main questions that will be addressed are: 1. What is the prevalence of eating disorders and REDs among Swedish elite athletes and controls? 2. What is the impact of problematic LEA on health and performance aspects in both male and female athletes? Methods: National team athletes and gender and matched controls will be invited to an anonymous on-line survey. Elite athletes who agree to participate, will be invited to assessment of eating disorders, nutritional and physiological status (e.g., metabolic and endocrine markers, bone health, microbiota, dietary intake, energy availability, and performance). AN  - NCT06371963 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Relative Energy Deficiency in Sports (REDs) in Swedish Athletes (REDs-Sweden) TI  - The Relative Energy Deficiency in Sports (REDs) in Swedish Athletes Study
Psychoeducation For BMT Caregivers: Biobehavioral Markers and Outcome; PURPOSE: This randomized phase III trial is studying a stress management intervention for caregivers of patients undergoing bone marrow transplant. AN  - NCT00833898 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Stress Management Intervention for Caregivers of Patients Undergoing Bone Marrow Transplant (BMT) TI  - Psychoeducation For BMT Caregivers: Biobehavioral Markers and Outcome
Impact of Photobiomodulation on Objective, Physiological Measures of Brain Function in Individuals With Post-Concussion Syndrome; The purpose of this exploratory investigation, therefore, is to examine efficacy of BioFlex laser therapy on measures of brain function in patients suffering from PCS after mild-moderate, closed-head, traumatic brain injury cases. AN  - NCT05097222 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Impact of Photobiomodulation on Objective, Physiological Measures of Brain Function in Individuals With Post-Concussion Syndrome TI  - Impact of Photobiomodulation on Objective, Physiological Measures of Brain Function in Individuals With Post-Concussion Syndrome
Short or Long Antibiotic Regimes in Orthopaedics (SOLARIO): A Randomised Open Label Multi-Centre Clinical Trial; Patients will be asked questions at their usual clinic visits, and will be given a questionnaire at the start of treatment and 1 year later. AN  - NCT03806166 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Short or Long Antibiotic Regimes in Orthopaedics (SOLARIO) TI  - Short or Long Antibiotic Regimes in Orthopaedics (SOLARIO): A Randomised Open Label Multi-Centre Clinical Trial
Neurocognitive Impairment Assessment in Symptomatic Carotid Occlusion Recanalized Endovascularly; Symptomatic COICA subjects are at increased risk of developing cognitive impairment and progressive development of vascular dementia and AD with time. Our proposal leverages several compelling retrospective and prospective preliminary data from human to perform this exploratory trial with go/no-go criteria to proceed to a phase 3 based on the data generated AN  - NCT04219774 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - NeuroCognition After Carotid Recanalization (NIA-SCORE) TI  - Neurocognitive Impairment Assessment in Symptomatic Carotid Occlusion Recanalized Endovascularly
A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Parallel Group, Multi-Centre Study To Investigate The Safety And Efficacy Of CP-690,550 For Induction Therapy In Subjects With Moderate To Severe Crohn's Disease; This study investigates safety and efficacy of CP-690,550 in adult patients with moderate to severe Crohn's disease. The study hypothesis is that at least one dose of the tested drug is more effective than placebo (inactive drug). AN  - NCT01393626 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study To Investigate Safety And Efficacy Of CP-690,550 For Induction Therapy In Subjects With Moderate To Severe Crohn's Disease TI  - A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Parallel Group, Multi-Centre Study To Investigate The Safety And Efficacy Of CP-690,550 For Induction Therapy In Subjects With Moderate To Severe Crohn's Disease
Comparison of Rib Fixation With Medical Analgesia in Patients With Uncomplicated Rib Fractures on Pain Control: a Multi-center Randomized Clinical Trial; In this context, the aim of our randomized study is to compare pain at 2 months between operated and non-operated patients with uncomplicated rib fractures. AN  - NCT04745520 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Randomized Clinical Trial of Rib Fixation Versus Medical Analgesia in Uncomplicated Rib Fractures on Pain Control. (PAROS) TI  - Comparison of Rib Fixation With Medical Analgesia in Patients With Uncomplicated Rib Fractures on Pain Control: a Multi-center Randomized Clinical Trial
The Effect of Pilates Based Exercise Practice on Physical and Psychological Parameters in Patients With Behçet and Familial Mediterranean Fever.; Behcet's disease (BD) is a chronic systemic inflammatory disease which is characterized by oral and genital ulcers, uveitis and skin lesions. Musculoskeletal involvement such as arthritis, arthralgia, enthesitis and sacroiliitis can be seen in the course of BD. Familial Mediterranean fever (FMF) is the most frequent autoinflammatory disease (AID) and characterized by selflimited episodes of fever and polyserositis. It is the most common monogenic periodic fever syndrome that affects mainly the people of Mediterranean descent. Regular physical activity involving aerobic and strengthening programs in inflammatory rheumatic diseases has a long-term anti-inflammatory effect. Eccentric exercises cause an acute increase in TNF alpha level and should be avoided especially at the beginning. It has been stated that patients should be encouraged about aerobic exercise programs where the intensity is gradually increased, starting with low intensity. Pilates method is the mind and body centering technique developed by Joseph Hubertus Pilates, based on providing lumbopelvic stability. FMF and BH have common characteristics such as ethnicity, etiopathogenetic mechanisms, symptoms, and treatment. When we look at the literature, there is no study on the effectiveness of exercise applications in FMF and Behçet patients. The purpose of our study; It is the comparison of the effectiveness of physical activity in patients diagnosed with Behçet and FMF and healthy individuals. In this context, with the short form of the International Physical Activity Evaluation Questionnaire, Behçet's patients whose physical activity level is inactive will be Group 1, FMF patients Group 2 and healthy controls with similar demographic characteristics will be Group 3. Pilates based exercise program will be applied to all 3 groups for 8 weeks, 2 times a week. AN  - NCT04402255 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Pilates Based Exercises in Patients With Behçet and Familial Mediterranean Fever. TI  - The Effect of Pilates Based Exercise Practice on Physical and Psychological Parameters in Patients With Behçet and Familial Mediterranean Fever.
Intramedullary Calcium Sulfate Antibiotic Depot for Prevention of Open Fracture Related Infection: A Randomized Clinical Trial; The goal of this randomized clinical trial is to study the best treatment for open lower leg fractures to prevent infection. The main questions it aims to answer is if treating tibia fracture patients with a calcium sulfate antibiotic depot is better at preventing infection that the standard of care. AN  - NCT05766670 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Intramedullary Calcium Sulfate Antibiotic Depot TI  - Intramedullary Calcium Sulfate Antibiotic Depot for Prevention of Open Fracture Related Infection: A Randomized Clinical Trial
Canadian Humira Post Marketing Observational Epidemiological Study: Assessing Effectiveness in Psoriasis; This was a Canadian post-marketing observational study (PMOS) utilizing a prospective cohort design that compared the real - life effectiveness of adalimumab to topical and traditional systemic agents in the management of psoriasis and its impact on the patient's quality of life and societal burden of illness. AN  - NCT01387815 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Canadian Humira Post Marketing Observational Epidemiological Study: Assessing Effectiveness in Psoriasis (Complete-PS) TI  - Canadian Humira Post Marketing Observational Epidemiological Study: Assessing Effectiveness in Psoriasis
A Randomized, Controlled Trial to Evaluate the Role of Oral Azithromycin in the Treatment of Symptomatic Meibomian Gland Disease and Its Effect on the Ocular Surface Microbiome; This study aims to elucidate the effectiveness of oral azithromycin in treating symptomatic dry eye syndrome secondary to Meibomian gland dysfunction. AN  - NCT03953118 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Azithromycin for Meibomian Gland Disease TI  - A Randomized, Controlled Trial to Evaluate the Role of Oral Azithromycin in the Treatment of Symptomatic Meibomian Gland Disease and Its Effect on the Ocular Surface Microbiome
A Phase 3 Randomized Study Comparing Talquetamab in Combination With Pomalidomide (Tal-P), Talquetamab in Combination With Teclistamab (Tal-Tec), and Investigator's Choice of Either Elotuzumab, Pomalidomide, and Dexamethasone (EPd) or Pomalidomide, Bortezomib, and Dexamethasone (PVd) in Participants With Relapsed or Refractory Myeloma Who Have Received 1 to 4 Prior Lines of Therapy Including an Anti-CD38 Antibody and Lenalidomide; The purpose of this study is to compare the effectiveness of either talquetamab plus pomalidomide (Tal-P) or talquetamab plus teclistamab (Tal-Tec) with elotuzumab, pomalidomide, and dexamethasone (EPd) or pomalidomide, bortezomib, and dexamethasone (PVd). AN  - NCT06208150 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study Comparing Talquetamab Plus Pomalidomide, Talquetamab Plus Teclistamab, and Elotuzumab, Pomalidomide, and Dexamethasone or Pomalidomide, Bortezomib, and Dexamethasone in Participants With Relapsed or Refractory Myeloma Who Have Received an Anti-CD38 Antibody and Lenalidomide (MonumenTAL-6) TI  - A Phase 3 Randomized Study Comparing Talquetamab in Combination With Pomalidomide (Tal-P), Talquetamab in Combination With Teclistamab (Tal-Tec), and Investigator's Choice of Either Elotuzumab, Pomalidomide, and Dexamethasone (EPd) or Pomalidomide, Bortezomib, and Dexamethasone (PVd) in Participants With Relapsed or Refractory Myeloma Who Have Received 1 to 4 Prior Lines of Therapy Including an Anti-CD38 Antibody and Lenalidomide
Rehabilitation Improved by Early Detection of Fisyulas Post (Pharyngo) -Total Laryngectomy by Cytokine Measurement on Drainage Fluid on the Second Post-Operative Day; Any medical condition deemed incompatible with the study by the investigator. Refusal to participate. Body mass index less than 18.5 kg/m2 AN  - NCT06604494 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Rehabilitation Improved by Early Detection of Fisyulas Post (Pharyngo) -Total Laryngectomy by Cytokine Measurement on Drainage Fluid on the Second Post-Operative Day (RADEFILAC) TI  - Rehabilitation Improved by Early Detection of Fisyulas Post (Pharyngo) -Total Laryngectomy by Cytokine Measurement on Drainage Fluid on the Second Post-Operative Day
Operative vs Non-operative Management of Posterior-medial Meniscal Root Tears: A Randomized Multicenter Trial (RCT); The purpose of this study is to determine differences in pain, functional patient reported outcomes, and objective imaging parameters following non-operative and meniscus root repair treatment. Furthermore, the long-term goal of this research proposal is to understand the natural history of meniscal root tears and their subsequent repair, in order to better determine risk factors for inferior outcomes and progression to osteoarthritis (OA). AN  - NCT05985772 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Operative vs Non-operative Management of Posterior-medial Meniscal Root Tears: A Randomized Multicenter Trial (RCT) TI  - Operative vs Non-operative Management of Posterior-medial Meniscal Root Tears: A Randomized Multicenter Trial (RCT)
Vitamin D3 - Omega3 - Home Exercise - Healthy Ageing and Longevity Trial (Acronym: DO-HEALTH); website DO-HEALTH: http://do-health.eu/wordpress/ AN  - NCT01745263 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - DO-HEALTH / Vitamin D3 - Omega3 - Home Exercise - Healthy Ageing and Longevity Trial (DO-HEALTH) TI  - Vitamin D3 - Omega3 - Home Exercise - Healthy Ageing and Longevity Trial (Acronym: DO-HEALTH)
Smart Care for Older Persons Recovering From Hip-fracture Surgery; This mixed-method study will include a quantitative component (a randomized control trial) and a qualitative component. Data will be collected and analyzed using an embedded type of mixed method, i.e., a small qualitative component will be embedded in a larger quantitative study. Before the study, we will seek institutional review board approval. The quantitative component, a randomized experimental design, will examine the effectiveness of the Smart Care Model. The control group will receive only usual care, and the experimental group will receive Smart Care. Subjects will be recruited from the trauma wards of Chang Gung Memorial Hospital (CGMH) at Linkou and New Taipei Tucheng hospital. The sample will include 158 subjects, with 79 in each group. Patients and caregivers in both groups will be assessed 8 times: at admission, before discharge, 1, 3, 6, 12, 18, and 24 months following hospital discharge. Outcomes will include (a) patient outcomes (clinical outcomes, self-care ability, adherence, service utilization, health-related quality of life [HRQoL] and cost of care), and (b) family caregiver outcomes (preparedness, perceived balance between competing needs, depressive symptoms and HRQoL). Analyses will follow an intention-to-treat principle. The effects of the Smart Care Model on health outcomes will be analyzed by hierarchical linear models. The qualitative component will follow the collection of quantitative data. A subset of 10 patients and their family caregivers will be chosen from participants who receive Smart Care, and 10 who receive routine care for in-depth personal interviews consisting of open-ended questions. Interviews will be transcribed verbatim and analyzed as suggested by Miles and Huberman (1994). After both quantitative and qualitative data are collected, the quantitative and qualitative results will be integrated, compared, and contrasted to fully explore the study aims. AN  - NCT04675411 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Smart Care for Older Persons Recovering From Hip-fracture Surgery TI  - Smart Care for Older Persons Recovering From Hip-fracture Surgery
Two-arm, Interventional, Prospective, Open-label, Multi-center Trial to Evaluate the Safety & Effectiveness of FMT for Treatment of Adult Patients With Primary or Recurrent CDI, Using a Novel, Standardized Microbiota Transplantation System; This study is a two-arm, interventional, prospective, open-label, multi-center clinical trial with randomized and non-randomized study groups to evaluate the safety and effectiveness of faecal microbiota transplantation (FMT) for the treatment of adult patients suffering from primary or recurrent Clostridium difficile infection (CDI), using a novel, standardized microbiota transplantation system. AN  - NCT03053505 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Novel Faecal Microbiota Transplantation System for Treatment of Primary and Recurrent Clostridium Difficile Infection (FMTREAT) TI  - Two-arm, Interventional, Prospective, Open-label, Multi-center Trial to Evaluate the Safety & Effectiveness of FMT for Treatment of Adult Patients With Primary or Recurrent CDI, Using a Novel, Standardized Microbiota Transplantation System
Painful Inflammatory Carpometacarpal-1 Osteoarthritis Treated With Intraarticular Steroids, Saline or an Occupational Therapy Intervention: the PICASSO Trial.; A placebo-controlled randomized controlled trial exploring the effect of intraarticular steroids, saline or an occupational therapy intervention in inflammatory carpometacarpal-1 osteoarthritis AN  - NCT06084364 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Intraarticular Steroids, Saline and Occupational Therapy in People With CMC1 Osteoarthritis (PICASSO) TI  - Painful Inflammatory Carpometacarpal-1 Osteoarthritis Treated With Intraarticular Steroids, Saline or an Occupational Therapy Intervention: the PICASSO Trial.
Evaluation of the Effect of Probiotic Supplementation on Cognitive, Emotional and Related Status on Alzheimer's Dementia Patients; The present studies demonstrated that pro-inﬂammation, systemic oxidative stress and dysfunction in the brain-gut microbiota axis were involved in Alzheimer's disease (AD) pathogenesis. These results implied the decreased regulation of inflammation-associated risk and microbiota in AD patients could provide the novel strategies for combating the disease. This study was designed to assess the addition of Wismemo in treatment of cholinesterase inhibitors (such as donepezil, rivastigmine, galantamine) in the AD patients. AN  - NCT04094129 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Evaluation of the Effect of Wismemo on Alzheimer's Dementia Patients TI  - Evaluation of the Effect of Probiotic Supplementation on Cognitive, Emotional and Related Status on Alzheimer's Dementia Patients
A Standardized Patient Education Video Program for Improvement of Post-Operative Recovery After Outpatient Upper Extremity Surgery; Adult patients undergoing elective outpatient, upper extremity, orthopedic surgeries will be randomized to view one of two educational programs: 1) a 2-video series regarding post-operative pain management or 2) a video regarding wound care and activity. The effect of this educational program on pain medications used, pain control efficacy, and other measures of satisfaction and recovery will be assessed. AN  - NCT03366805 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Patient Education Video Program for Post-Operative Recovery After Upper Extremity Surgery TI  - A Standardized Patient Education Video Program for Improvement of Post-Operative Recovery After Outpatient Upper Extremity Surgery
Randomized Comparative Trial of Pre-surgical Lumbar Epidural Analgesia With Bilateral Erector Spinae Block for Perioperative Pain Management in Lumbar Spine Surgery; Therefore, a prospective, randomized study was designed to compare the analgesic and side effects of the epidural analgesia with the Erector Spinae block in patients undergoing lumbar spine surgery. To our knowledge, this is the first clinical trial that compares the Erector Spinae block with the epidural analgesia in a variety of lumbar spine surgeries. AN  - NCT04320212 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Lumbar Epidural Analgesia With Bilateral Erector Spinae Block for Pain Management in Lumbar Spine Surgery TI  - Randomized Comparative Trial of Pre-surgical Lumbar Epidural Analgesia With Bilateral Erector Spinae Block for Perioperative Pain Management in Lumbar Spine Surgery
A Randomised Study Comparing No Mechanical Bowel Preparation With Oral Antibiotics Alone in Patients Undergoing Elective Colon Surgery (REaCT-NSQIP); The REaCT NSQIP will compare oral antibiotics vs. no antibiotics, which are two standards of care treatments for preoperative preparation of the bowel prior to colorectal surgery AN  - NCT03663504 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Comparing No Mechanical Bowel Preparation With Oral Antibiotics Alone in Patients Undergoing Elective Colon Surgery (REaCT-NSQIP) TI  - A Randomised Study Comparing No Mechanical Bowel Preparation With Oral Antibiotics Alone in Patients Undergoing Elective Colon Surgery (REaCT-NSQIP)
Does Radiofrequency Ablation of the Articular Nerves of the Knee Prior to Total Knee Replacement Improve Pain Outcomes? A Prospective Randomized Sham-Control Trial With 6 Month Follow Up; The aim of this study is to determine if patients undergoing unilateral total knee replacement obtain any post-operative pain relieving benefits from C-RFA of the articular sensory nerve supply when performed prior to surgery, as compared to sham controls who receive only local anesthetic injections of these same nerves without the benefit of ablation treatment. AN  - NCT02746874 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Does Radiofrequency Ablation of the Articular Nerves of the Knee Prior to Total Knee Replacement Improve Pain Outcomes TI  - Does Radiofrequency Ablation of the Articular Nerves of the Knee Prior to Total Knee Replacement Improve Pain Outcomes? A Prospective Randomized Sham-Control Trial With 6 Month Follow Up
A Randomized-Controlled Trial With the Adjunctive CB1 Agonist Nabilone in Inpatients With Active Suicidal Ideation; Suicide is a major crisis worldwide with rates projected to continue to increase. There is currently a dearth of novel pharmacologic treatment options for suicide available on the market. The endocannabinoid system has been recently shown to be associated with mood disorders including suicidality. The aim of the study is to determine whether treatment with Nabilone is capable of reducing suicidal ideation in adults after 3 days. AN  - NCT04807829 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Adjunctive CB1 Agonist Nabilone in Inpatients With Active Suicidal Ideation TI  - A Randomized-Controlled Trial With the Adjunctive CB1 Agonist Nabilone in Inpatients With Active Suicidal Ideation
Biofilm in Chronic Wound - Clinical Implications and Diagnostic Possibilities; Chronic wounds are important economic and health-care problem. Biofilm has been recognized as a major factor in wound chronicity, delayed healing, and persistent infections, increasing the need for frequent dressing changes, painful debridement and systemic antimicrobial treatments influencing quality of life. In the presence of "un-cultivating" bacteria and limitations of clinical indicators of biofilm presence, there is a need for simple "screening" diagnostic method for biofilm detection. Chronic wounds of different etiology often associated with chronic pain reduce working abilities and cause restrictions in everyday living diminishing patient's quality of life. Efficacy of hyperbaric oxygenation therapy (HBOT) in treating chronic wound and associated infection has been suggested. This observational prospective cohort study will be conducted at the Department of undersea and hyperbaric medicine and Department of dermatovenereology, Clinical Hospital Center Rijeka during 3-year period from 2021. to 2024. including all patients treated due to chronic wound irrespective of the ethology. The patients will be evaluated upon enrolment, after 2, 4, 6 weeks, and 3, 6, 9, 12 months period, to clinically evaluate the wound characteristics, evaluate clinical healing rate, clinical indicators of biofilm and/or infection, need for additional diagnostic or treatment procedures. The patients in both groups (control and HBOT group) will be treated with standard treatment (dressings, debridement, antibiotics, infection control), in addition HBOT sessions will be performed (HBOT group). Impact of chronic wound and both treatment options to patient related outcome measures will be evaluated assessing intensity and pain characteristics, quality of life, depression, and anxiety by means of standardized questionnaires (visual analogue scale, McGill Pain questionnaire, Wound Quality of Life Index, Health Quality of Life Questionnaire, Beck depression and anxiety inventory). Microbiological analyses of swabs/biopsies will be evaluated to determine microbial profile and resistance. Detection and objectivization of biofilm will be evaluated by standard methods on microbiological isolates (Congo red agar, tube method, tissue culture plate method) and confocal scanning laser microscopy, and on clinical samples by light microscopy. Primary and secondary objective will be assessed after 1 year follow-up. AN  - NCT05054244 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Clinical Implications of Biofilm in Chronic Wound TI  - Biofilm in Chronic Wound - Clinical Implications and Diagnostic Possibilities
A Randomized, Triple-blind, Placebo-controlled Study on the Effect of Rifaximin on Psychobiological Functions in Healthy Men; A randomized, triple-blind, placebo-controlled study on the effect of rifaximin on psychobiological functions in healthy men. AN  - NCT05587036 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effects of Rifaximin on Gut Microbiota and Emotion TI  - A Randomized, Triple-blind, Placebo-controlled Study on the Effect of Rifaximin on Psychobiological Functions in Healthy Men
The Effects of Fludrocortisone on Information Processing in Healthy Female Volunteers; Female participants were selected because the haplotype MRI180V is related to depression vulnerability in women, not in men. If the effects of fludrocortisone are comparable to the effects of antidepressants on the same tests and the same population, it might be a first indication that fludrocortisone may function as an antidepressant. AN  - NCT01648998 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Fludrocortisone and Information Processing in Healthy Volunteers TI  - The Effects of Fludrocortisone on Information Processing in Healthy Female Volunteers
Conservative Versus Surgical Treatment of Native Vertebral Osteomyelitis: a Randomized Multicentre Trial; The clinical impact of this study is enormous since it will generate evidence for rational treatment guidelines. We hypothesize that the conservative treatment of uncomplicated NVO is non-inferior to surgical therapy regarding infection outcome. If the conservative treatment of NVO demonstrate non-inferiority, patients may benefit from avoiding unnecessary surgical intervention. AN  - NCT04436328 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Conservative Versus Surgical Treatment of Native Vertebral Osteomyelitis TI  - Conservative Versus Surgical Treatment of Native Vertebral Osteomyelitis: a Randomized Multicentre Trial
A Canadian Open-Label Access Program to Evaluate the Safety and the Effectiveness of Adalimumab When Added to Inadequate Therapy for the Treatment of Psoriasis; To evaluate the safety profile, the effectiveness and the economic impact of adalimumab when used for the treatment of subjects with active plaque psoriasis who have not adequately responded to prior psoriasis therapy. AN  - NCT00513370 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Canadian Open-Label Access Program to Evaluate Adalimumab When Added to Inadequate Therapy for the Treatment of Psoriasis (PRIDE) TI  - A Canadian Open-Label Access Program to Evaluate the Safety and the Effectiveness of Adalimumab When Added to Inadequate Therapy for the Treatment of Psoriasis
MISSION COPD - Modern Innovative SolutionS in Improving Outcomes iN - COPD - A Comparison of Clinical Outcomes Before and After the MISSION Clinic.; MISSION is a new and novel way of delivering highly specialised Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) care and has the potential to change the way COPD care across the UK is delivered as well as services for other long term health conditions. The MISSION model has been piloted in asthma which is the subject of an ongoing research study. This is the first model of this type in COPD and the current research study aims to evaluate the outcomes of the project. This will be done in several different ways. The study is a mixed methods evaluation of the new service comparing outcomes before and after the clinic using retrospective data analysis and prospective qualitative interview. The study will be conducted at Portsmouth Hospitals NHS Trust and will recruit patients who attend MISSION COPD clinics as well as staff who attended MISSION clinics in a professional capacity. AN  - NCT02534766 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - MISSION COPD - Modern Innovative SolutionS in Improving Outcomes iN COPD (MISSION-COPD) TI  - MISSION COPD - Modern Innovative SolutionS in Improving Outcomes iN - COPD - A Comparison of Clinical Outcomes Before and After the MISSION Clinic.
Efficacy of Cannabinoids to the Current Standard Treatments on Symptom Relief in Persons With Multiple Sclerosis: Randomized Controlled Trial; For this study, investigators hypothesize that administering different doses of THC alone, CBD alone, and THC and CBD combined will result in a significant beneficial effect on spasticity relief compared to placebo. AN  - NCT05092191 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Cannabis as a Complementary Treatment in Multiple Sclerosis (CANSEP) TI  - Efficacy of Cannabinoids to the Current Standard Treatments on Symptom Relief in Persons With Multiple Sclerosis: Randomized Controlled Trial
Phase II, Randomized, Single Blind Sham Controlled Trial Investigating Scrambler Therapy for Neuropathic Pain Caused by Neuromyelitis Optica Spectrum Disorder; This trial will recruit twenty-two adult patients diagnosed with NMOSD who have chronic neuropathic pain despite empiric treatment with an anti-epileptic, antidepressant, opioid and/or an NSAID medication. Patients will be randomized 1:1 to undergo Scrambler Therapy or blinded sham daily for 10 days. The primary outcomes will be acceptability and feasibility. The secondary outcome will be efficacy measured as a change in pain scores of more than two points recorded daily by the patient using an 11-point visual analog scale; quality of life (QoL), neurologic function, anxiety, depression, sleep disturbance and pain will also be evaluated at baseline, at the end of therapy, and at 4 & 8 weeks following completion of treatment. Investigators hypothesize that Scrambler Therapy will be an acceptable, feasible and efficacious intervention that significantly reduces pain in patients with neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder. AN  - NCT03452176 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Scrambler Trial for Pain in NMOSD TI  - Phase II, Randomized, Single Blind Sham Controlled Trial Investigating Scrambler Therapy for Neuropathic Pain Caused by Neuromyelitis Optica Spectrum Disorder
Fecal Microbiota Transplantation Versus Vancomycin or Fidaxomicin in Clostridioides Difficile Infection First Episode or First Recurrence: A Randomized Controlled, Open-label, Multicenter Phase III Clinical Trial; Control Arm: vancomycin or fidaxomicin as initially prescribed per SoC continued for 10 days. AN  - NCT05266807 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Fecal Microbiota Transplantation in Clostridioides Difficile Infection First Episode and First Recurrence (FENDER) TI  - Fecal Microbiota Transplantation Versus Vancomycin or Fidaxomicin in Clostridioides Difficile Infection First Episode or First Recurrence: A Randomized Controlled, Open-label, Multicenter Phase III Clinical Trial
A Phase 2a, Multicenter, Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo Controlled and Active-controlled, Parallel-group Study Evaluating the Analgesic Efficacy and Safety of VM902A in Subjects With Moderate to Severe Chronic Pain Due to Osteoarthritis of the Knee; The purpose of this study is to evaluate the analgesic efficacy, safety, and tolerability of VM902A twice daily compared to placebo in subjects with moderate to severe chronic pain due to OA of the knee. AN  - NCT02847702 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study to Evaluate the Analgesic Efficacy and Safety of VM902A in Subjects With Osteoarthritis (OA) of the Knee TI  - A Phase 2a, Multicenter, Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo Controlled and Active-controlled, Parallel-group Study Evaluating the Analgesic Efficacy and Safety of VM902A in Subjects With Moderate to Severe Chronic Pain Due to Osteoarthritis of the Knee
Effect of Transcutaneous Electrical Auricular Stimulation of the Vagus Nerve in Kidney Transplant Recipients; Successful completion of this study will allow for future studies in organ transplant recipients. AN  - NCT04256837 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effect of Transcutaneous Electrical Auricular Stimulation of the Vagus Nerve in Kidney Transplant Recipients (VNS-KTx) TI  - Effect of Transcutaneous Electrical Auricular Stimulation of the Vagus Nerve in Kidney Transplant Recipients
Effect of Dexmedetomidine on Postoperative Delirium Inflammasome Activation Inhibition; The purpose of this study was to investigate the effect of DEX on the inflammatory pathway during nighttime after ICU admission and to observe the quality of sleep and the prognosis of delirium. AN  - NCT03588988 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effect of Dexmedetomidine on Postoperative Delirium Inflammasome Activation Inhibition TI  - Effect of Dexmedetomidine on Postoperative Delirium Inflammasome Activation Inhibition
A Phase 3, Multi-Center, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, 104-Week Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Belimumab Administered in Combination With Rituximab to Adult Subjects With Systemic Lupus Erythematosus (SLE); The purpose of this study is to assess whether co-administration of belimumab and a single cycle of rituximab will optimize treatment with belimumab, which will result in improvements of clinical status with a favorable safety profile, by comparing subjects randomized to belimumab plus rituximab versus belimumab plus rituximab-placebo. Approximately 292 subjects will be randomized in a 1:2:1 ratio to 1 of 3 treatment arms; belimumab plus rituximab-placebo (Arm A, control), belimumab plus rituximab (Arm B, combination), or belimumab plus standard therapy (Arm C, reference). Belimumab will be administered as subcutaneous (SC) and rituximab-placebo or rituximab will be administered by intravenous (IV) infusions. The total duration of the study is for 104 weeks. AN  - NCT03312907 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Belimumab Administered in Combination With Rituximab to Adult Subjects With Systemic Lupus Erythematosus (SLE) - BLISS-BELIEVE TI  - A Phase 3, Multi-Center, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, 104-Week Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Belimumab Administered in Combination With Rituximab to Adult Subjects With Systemic Lupus Erythematosus (SLE)
"Antiinflammatoriska läkemedels Effekt för Att Minska Suicidalitet Hos Deprimerade Patienter Som Nyligen Har Gjort självmordsförsök"; The purpose of this study is to determine whether diclofenac is effective in the treatment of depressed patients with a recent suicide attempt. AN  - NCT01413854 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Diclofenac add-on to Treatment as Usual for Suicidal Patients TI  - "Antiinflammatoriska läkemedels Effekt för Att Minska Suicidalitet Hos Deprimerade Patienter Som Nyligen Har Gjort självmordsförsök"
Evaluation of Efficacy of Combination of Pregabalin and Antioxidant in Reducing Pain in Chronic Pancreatitis: a RCT; In this study, the investigators will study the efficacy of the combination of antioxidants and pregabalin in reducing pain and compare that with placebo. The investigators will randomize patients with documented chronic pancreatitis with recurrent/persistent pain after undergoing endotherapy and ductal clearance into three groups: Group A- antioxidants + pregabalin; Group B- Placebo. The primary outcome will be change in pain score and the secondary outcomes will be change in the number of painful days, analgesic requirements, quality of life and depression scale. Pain score will be quantified by the Izbicki pain score and visual analog scale; while quality of life and depression will be measured by the EORTC QLQ-C30/PAN26 and Beck depression inventory respectively. Comparison between Group A vs B will be made by the Chi square test/Fischer Exact and the Student's 't' tests respectively and analysis will be done on a intention to treat and per protocol basis. With an expected improvement of pain by 40% (at 80% power and alpha of 0.05) and adjusting for a presumed 10% drop out rate, the required sample size in each group will be at least 40. AN  - NCT01528540 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Evaluation of Efficacy of Combination of Pregabalin and Antioxidant in Reducing Pain in Chronic Pancreatitis: a Randomized Control Trial TI  - Evaluation of Efficacy of Combination of Pregabalin and Antioxidant in Reducing Pain in Chronic Pancreatitis: a RCT
Randomized Autologous heMatopoietic Stem Cell Transplantation Versus Alemtuzumab, Cladribine or Ocrelizumab for Patients With Relapsing Remitting Multiple Sclerosis (RAM-MS); The aim of the study is to assess the effectiveness and side effects of a new treatment intervention in RRMS; HSCT, and, thereby, the value of HSCT in clinical practice. Data from recently published patient series indicate that HSCT may have a significantly higher treatment effect than currently registered RRMS immunomodulatory treatments. This study will determine the relative role of HSCT versus alemtuzumab, cladribine or ocrelizumab. AN  - NCT03477500 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Randomized Autologous heMatopoietic Stem Cell Transplantation Versus Alemtuzumab, Cladribine or Ocrelizumab for RRMS (RAM-MS) (RAM-MS) TI  - Randomized Autologous heMatopoietic Stem Cell Transplantation Versus Alemtuzumab, Cladribine or Ocrelizumab for Patients With Relapsing Remitting Multiple Sclerosis (RAM-MS)
A Randomized Controlled Trial of Oral Analgesic Utilization for Pain Management of CHildhood Musculoskeletal Injuries; The investigators strongly believe that children's pain should be optimally treated in the ED. Adequately relieving children's pain is crucial, as inadequate pain treatment can have both short and longterm effects on the child. It also generates unnecessary stress for both the child and their caregivers/parents. Given this knowledge, the investigators feel that their study has the potential to impact care provided in EDs, and improve pain management safely, for children. AN  - NCT02064894 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Oral Analgesic Utilization for CHildhood Musculoskeletal Injuries TI  - A Randomized Controlled Trial of Oral Analgesic Utilization for Pain Management of CHildhood Musculoskeletal Injuries
A Comparison of Endoscopic Surgery and Conservative Treatment in Patients With Longstanding Mid-portion Achilles Tendinopathy; In this study, the effect of non-open surgery and conservative treatment (physiotherapy and exercises) will be compared. AN  - NCT03025412 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Comparison of Endoscopic Surgery and Exercise Therapy in Patients With Longstanding Achilles Tendinopathy TI  - A Comparison of Endoscopic Surgery and Conservative Treatment in Patients With Longstanding Mid-portion Achilles Tendinopathy
Low Dose Caudal VS Dorsal Penile Nerve Block for Postoperative Analgesia After Circumcision; Patients and Methods: Our study was carried out to compare the effectiveness, duration of post-operative analgesia, and the complications among dorsal penile nerve block (DPNB), caudal nerve block (CNB) and the combination of both. This study will carrey out on 81 male patients, aged from 3-12 years old & undergoing circumcision. The patients were divided into 3 groups, each is composed of 27 patients; group 1 including DPNB patients, group 2 including CNB patients and group 3 for combined block. This study compared between the three groups regarding the intra-operative vital data (HR,BP), post-operative VAS scores and the complications (nausea, vomiting, urinary retention, itching, constipation & CNS depression). AN  - NCT05342259 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Low Dose Caudal VS Dorsal Penile Nerve Block for Postoperative Analgesia After Circumcision TI  - Low Dose Caudal VS Dorsal Penile Nerve Block for Postoperative Analgesia After Circumcision
Effects of a Brown Seaweed Extract and Tart Cherry Blend Cardiometabolic Outcomes in Participants With Mild-moderate Hypertension an Ex-vivo Optimized Pilot Feasibility Trial; The primary purpose of the proposed investigation is to test the ability of a seaweed - tart cherry supplementation blend to improve cardiometabolic parameters in participants with mild-moderate hypertension using a pilot/ feasibility study. AN  - NCT06559982 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effects of a Brown Seaweed Tart Cherry Blend in Mild-moderate Hypertension TI  - Effects of a Brown Seaweed Extract and Tart Cherry Blend Cardiometabolic Outcomes in Participants With Mild-moderate Hypertension an Ex-vivo Optimized Pilot Feasibility Trial
Combination of Nalbuphine and Dexmedetomidine Versus Sufentanil and Dexmedetomidine on Patients After Laparoscopic Gastrointestinal Surgery: A Double-blind, Randomized, Controlled Clinical Study; So, the investigators performed a nalbuphine and dexmedetomidine dose finding study, for the patient controlled anaesthesia (PCA) after the laparoscopic gastrointestinal surgery, to establish their 95% effective dose (ED95). The investigators then compared the clinical effect and adverse events of the newly established dosing regimen of nalbuphine combined with dexmedetomidine, to the equivalent dosing of sufentanil combined with dexmedetomidine, in the same patient population. AN  - NCT05445024 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Combination of Nalbuphine and Dexmedetomidine Versus Sufentanil and Dexmedetomidine on Patients TI  - Combination of Nalbuphine and Dexmedetomidine Versus Sufentanil and Dexmedetomidine on Patients After Laparoscopic Gastrointestinal Surgery: A Double-blind, Randomized, Controlled Clinical Study
Maternal OutcoMes (MOMs) Program: Testing Integrated Maternal Care Model Approaches to Reduce Disparities in Severe Maternal Morbidity; The purpose of this pragmatic, randomized clinical trial designed to test the effectiveness of an integrated care model approach at two different levels of intensity designed to facilitate timely, appropriate care for high-risk Black birthing people and reduce risk for severe maternal morbidity (SMM). Eligible Black birthing people (n = 674) will be recruited and randomized to one of two study arms: MOMs High-Touch (MOMs-HT) vs. MOMs Low-Touch (MOMs-LT). The two study arms will be compared on incidence of SMM at labor and delivery (Aim 1), incidence rate of SMM-related hospitalizations at 1-month and 1-year postpartum (Aim 1a), time to preeclampsia diagnosis and initiation of treatment (Aim 2), change in perceived social support domains (Aim 3), and physical activity trajectories (exploratory Aim 4). Mixed methods will also be used to examine facilitators and barriers to implementation (Aim 5). Findings from this study will help to determine how to feasibly implement an effective and sustainable integrated care approach to address SMM disparities. AN  - NCT06335381 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - MOMs Chat and Care Study (MOMs-CC) TI  - Maternal OutcoMes (MOMs) Program: Testing Integrated Maternal Care Model Approaches to Reduce Disparities in Severe Maternal Morbidity
A Non-invasive, Multimodal Approach to Restore Functional Networks and Cognition in Alzheimer's Disease and Frontotemporal Dementia; This pilot study aims to test clinical and connectivity changes following non-invasive stimulation of disease-specific networks in Alzheimer's disease (AD) and behavioral variant frontotemporal dementia (bvFTD). Brain network stimulation will be carried out with transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS). Target networks will be the default mode network (DMN) and salience network (SN). Twenty AD and 20 bvFTD patients will be recruited and assessed with a comprehensive clinical, behavioral and cognitive battery, and 3 Tesla MRI scan (including resting-state functional MRI, arterial spin labeling, diffusion tensor imaging, structural MRI) at three time-points: baseline, after tDCS, and after 6 months. Patients will be randomized to 2 arms: anodal stimulation of the disease-specific network (DMN in AD, SN in bvFTD) or cathodal stimulation of the anti-correlated network (SN in AD, DMN in bvFTD). The intervention will consist of 10 tDCS sessions over two weeks. Cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) samples will be collected at baseline for biomarker's assessment; blood samples will be collected at each time-point to assess changes in peripheral inflammatory markers. Blood and CSF collection will be optional. A sample of 20 elderly controls will be included for baseline comparisons. AN  - NCT03422250 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Non-invasive Stimulation of Brain Networks and Cognition in Alzheimer's Disease and Frontotemporal Dementia (NetCogBs) TI  - A Non-invasive, Multimodal Approach to Restore Functional Networks and Cognition in Alzheimer's Disease and Frontotemporal Dementia
Pain, Sleep and Gut Microbiota; Finally, systemic inflammation could be a factor modulated by sleep and gut microbiota, influencing pain perception and susceptibility to sensitization. For this reason, systemic pro- and anti-inflammatory cytokines will be measured in the blood sample. AN  - NCT05494983 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Pain, Sleep and Gut Microbiota TI  - Pain, Sleep and Gut Microbiota
The Effect of Perioperative Systemic Lidocaine on Quality of Recovery After Outpatient Gynecologic Laparoscopy; The research question for the study is; does the use of systemic perioperative lidocaine improve quality of recovery after outpatient laparoscopy? AN  - NCT01250002 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Lidocaine and Outpatient Gynecologic Laparoscopy TI  - The Effect of Perioperative Systemic Lidocaine on Quality of Recovery After Outpatient Gynecologic Laparoscopy
The Effect of OMM in the Treatment of Primary Dysmenorrhea Symptoms; Primary dysmenorrhea or simply painful menstruation is a disorder that 45-90% of women experience to varying degrees. The most prominent symptom of dysmenorrhea is crampy suprapubic pain occurring prior to menstruation, closely followed by low back pain, headache, depression, diarrhea, fatigue, nausea, and vomiting. Primary dysmenorrhea cannot be attributed to a specific physiological reason, whereas secondary dysmenorrhea may be due to other gynecological disorders. For symptom management, most patients self-medicate with over the counter nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs. While most non-pharmacological treatments for dysmenorrhea such as heat therapy, yoga, acupuncture and massage do not show promising data on reducing symptoms, neuromuscular manipulation has been shown to improve pain intensity and duration of dysmenorrhea. In this study, the investigator's primary outcome is to assess whether Osteopathic Manipulative Medicine (OMM) is effective at reducing the musculoskeletal complaints of dysmenorrhea especially pain in the back, abdominal, lower extremity and head regions. In addition, secondary outcomes include any changes in nausea, bloating, diarrhea, fatigue/general malaise, depressed/anxious mood, irritability and mental fog with OMM treatment. Since OMM involves manipulation of various parts of the body, the investigators hypothesize that OMM will assist in freeing tissue tension and promoting adequate blood and lymphatic flow to decrease stasis and inflammatory mediators present in the tissues to relieve pain. Female subjects with dysmenorrhea will be enrolled in this study. During the initial phase (first menstrual cycle), a baseline of participants' dysmenorrhea symptoms will be established. In the next phase (2nd menstrual cycle), participants will be given Osteopathic Manipulative Treatment (OMT) according to findings on Osteopathic structural exams twice a week for 4 weeks. In the final phase (3rd menstrual cycle), participants will be monitored for the duration of symptom relief with OMT. Throughout the study, participants will be using the "Menstrual Distress Questionnaire" to document complaints. A MYOTON will be utilized to measure any musculoskeletal correlations with symptoms and pre- and post- OMM treatment effects. Description analysis will be done using participant responses to see the effect of OMT on musculoskeletal complaints and associated symptoms of primary dysmenorrhea. AN  - NCT05208476 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Effect of OMM in the Treatment of Primary Dysmenorrhea Symptoms TI  - The Effect of OMM in the Treatment of Primary Dysmenorrhea Symptoms
A Phase 3, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Study Of The Efficacy And Safety Of 2 Doses Of Tofacitinib (CP-690,550) Or Adalimumab In Subjects With Active Psoriatic Arthritis; This is a 12-month study investigating the effectiveness and safety of tofactinib in treating the signs and symptoms of active psoriatic arthritis and improving physical function and preserving bone structure in patients with an inadequate response to a traditional, nonbiologic disease-modifying antirheumatic drug. Adalimumab is used as a comparator. AN  - NCT01877668 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Efficacy And Safety Of Tofacitinib In Psoriatic Arthritis: Comparator Study (OPAL BROADEN) TI  - A Phase 3, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Study Of The Efficacy And Safety Of 2 Doses Of Tofacitinib (CP-690,550) Or Adalimumab In Subjects With Active Psoriatic Arthritis
A Phase 3, Randomized, Multicenter, Double-Blind, Placebo- and Active Comparator-Controlled Study to Evaluate the Efficacy, Safety, and Tolerability of TAK-279 in Subjects With Moderate-to-Severe Plaque Psoriasis; The main aim of this study is to show how well TAK-279 reduces the skin plaques compared to placebo, in participants with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis. Participants will be assigned to one of the 3 study treatments (TAK-279, apremilast (an approved treatment), or a placebo). Participants will be in the study for up to 61 weeks. AN  - NCT06088043 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study About How Well TAK-279 Works and Its Safety in Participants With Moderate-to-severe Plaque Psoriasis During 52 Weeks of Treatment TI  - A Phase 3, Randomized, Multicenter, Double-Blind, Placebo- and Active Comparator-Controlled Study to Evaluate the Efficacy, Safety, and Tolerability of TAK-279 in Subjects With Moderate-to-Severe Plaque Psoriasis
Pre-emptive Scalp Infiltration With Dexamethasone Plus Ropivacaine vs. Ropivacaine for Relief of Postoperative Pain After Craniotomy in Adults; A majority of patients would suffer from moderate-to-severe postoperative pain after undergoing craniotomy. As a result, adequate pain control is essential for patients' prognosis and their postoperative life quality. Although opioids administration is regarded as the first-line analgesic for post-craniotomy pain management, it may be associated with delayed awakening, respiratory depression, hypercarbia and it may interfere with the neurologic examination. For the avoidance of side-effects of systemic opioids, local anesthetics administered around the incision have been performed clinically. However, some studies revealed that the analgesic effect of local anesthetics was not unsatisfactory due to its short pain relief duration. As is reported that postoperative pain of craniotomy is mainly caused by skin incision and reflection of muscles, preventing the liberation of inflammatory mediators around the incision seems to be more effective than simply blocking nerve conduction. Thus, Investigators suppose that pre-emptive scalp infiltration with steroid (dexamethasone) plus local anesthetic (ropivacaine) could relieve postoperative pain after craniotomy in adults. AN  - NCT03618264 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Pre-emptive Scalp Infiltration With Dexamethasone Plus Ropivacaine for Postoperative Pain After Craniotomy TI  - Pre-emptive Scalp Infiltration With Dexamethasone Plus Ropivacaine vs. Ropivacaine for Relief of Postoperative Pain After Craniotomy in Adults
Use of Audio Recordings of Self-Hypnosis and Meditation for Fatigue Management in Multiple Sclerosis; The purpose of this study is to assess the effectiveness of two self-guided psychological treatments, Self-Hypnosis (HYP) and Mindfulness Meditation (MM) compared to Treatment as Usual (TAU) for people with multiple sclerosis (MS) and clinically significant fatigue. AN  - NCT04688710 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Use of Audio Recordings of Self-Hypnosis and Meditation for Fatigue Management in Multiple Sclerosis (AUDIO) TI  - Use of Audio Recordings of Self-Hypnosis and Meditation for Fatigue Management in Multiple Sclerosis
PTSD Prevention Using Oral Hydrocortisone in the Immediate Aftermath of Trauma; It is hypothesized that HCORT treatment will result in an accelerated decline in the presence and severity of PTSD and related mental health symptoms compared to the placebo group. Blood samples will be collected for analysis of potential biomarkers to obtain more information about the mechanisms of action of this intervention. The information obtained will be relevant in determining whether early intervention with a single dose of HCORT, compared to placebo, administered within several hours following trauma exposure, will reduce the risk of developing PTSD in trauma survivors. AN  - NCT04924166 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - PTSD Prevention Using Oral Hydrocortisone TI  - PTSD Prevention Using Oral Hydrocortisone in the Immediate Aftermath of Trauma
The Effects of a Modified Muscle Sparing Posterior Technique (SPAIRE) in Hip Hemiarthroplasty for Displaced Intracapsular Fractures on Post-operative Function Compared to a Standard Lateral Approach; a Randomised Controlled Trial; Which technique is best for partial hip replacement? AN  - NCT04095611 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Modified Muscle Sparing Posterior Technique (SPAIRE) in Hip Hemiarthroplasty for Displaced Intracapsular Fractures. (HemiSPAIRE) TI  - The Effects of a Modified Muscle Sparing Posterior Technique (SPAIRE) in Hip Hemiarthroplasty for Displaced Intracapsular Fractures on Post-operative Function Compared to a Standard Lateral Approach; a Randomised Controlled Trial
Clinical Study to Investigate the Possible Efficacy and Safety of Montleukast in Parkinson Disease; Parkinson's disease (PD) is the second most common neurodegenerative disorder after Alzheimer's disease (AD). Clinical manifestations of PD can vary, but a formal diagnosis relies on the presence of bradykinesia with rigidity and/or rest tremor according to Movement Disorder Society (MDS) criteria for PD. Non-motor symptoms, such as hyposmia, constipation, depression, and rapid eye movement (REM) sleep behavior disorder, are common and can in many cases manifest before classical motor symptoms. In later years, more emphasis has been put on non-motor symptoms, especially in the early stages of PD and which is evident in the proposed prodromal PD criterion by MDS. AN  - NCT06113640 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Montelukast in Parkinson Disease TI  - Clinical Study to Investigate the Possible Efficacy and Safety of Montleukast in Parkinson Disease
Frail Old Patients With Clostridioides Difficile Infection: Improvement of Quality in Treatment and Care; The overall aim of the present project is to investigate whether a multimodal geriatric assessment, treatment and follow-up of frail older patients with CDI can improve patient survival compared with standard care. In particular, it is explored whether an expanded collaboration between the geriatric wards, early clinical assessment and home treatment with FMT contribute to increased patient survival rates. AN  - NCT05447533 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Clostridioides Difficile and Frailty (CLODIFRAIL) TI  - Frail Old Patients With Clostridioides Difficile Infection: Improvement of Quality in Treatment and Care
Early Resuturing Versus Expectant Management Following Perineal Wound Dehiscence: a Randomised Controlled Trial; Women who deliver their baby vaginally often suffer from a perineal wound. The wound is after being sutured sometimes dehisced after days up to a few weeks and this study will investigate whether it is better to resuture early or leave the rupture for secondary healing. AN  - NCT03806348 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Early Resuturing Versus Expectant Management Following Perineal Wound Dehiscence Among Women Who Had a Vaginal Delivery TI  - Early Resuturing Versus Expectant Management Following Perineal Wound Dehiscence: a Randomised Controlled Trial
Ketamine and Dexametasone in the Management of Pain in Lumbar Arthrodesis; KETAMINE AND DEXAMETASONE IN THE MANAGEMENT OF PAIN IN LUMBAR ARTHRODESISPhase IV prospective randomized controlled single-center clinical trial to determine the effect of intravenous ketamine and dexamethasone administration perioperatively in patients undergoing lumbar arthrodesis. AN  - NCT04751175 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Management of Pain in Lumbar Arthrodesis (KETASONA) TI  - Ketamine and Dexametasone in the Management of Pain in Lumbar Arthrodesis
Effect of Selective iNOS Inhibition During Human Endotoxemia; Sepsis or endotoxemia is manifested by hypotension, resistance to vasopressors, myocardial depression,and altered organ blood flow distribution. The mechanisms underlying the cardiovascular dysfunction during sepsis are complex; however, they are partially mediated by an uncontrolled production of NO by inducible NO synthase (iNOS).Control subjects received 2 ng/kg E. coli endotoxin, whereas the active intervention group received endotoxin in the presence of selective iNOS-inhibitor aminoguanidine. Hemodynamics, vascular responses to norepinephrine, acetylcholine and sodium nitroprusside, as well as circulating cytokines and other mediators of inflammation were measured. We tested the hypothesis that inhibition of NO-synthesis prevented the LPS-mediated insensitivity to noradrenalin and endothelial-dependent vasorelaxation. Furthermore, we tested whether NO participates in occurrence of the endotoxin tolerance in humans by using the iNOS inhibitor aminoguanidine on healthy volunteers with endotoxemia. At 0; 2 and 4 hours after the LPS challenge whole blood was stimulated with five TLR agonists in vitro and pro- and anti-inflammatory cytokines were measured. AN  - NCT00184990 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effect of Selective iNOS Inhibition During Human Endotoxemia TI  - Effect of Selective iNOS Inhibition During Human Endotoxemia
A Randomized, Open Label, Multicenter Study of Cabazitaxel Versus an Androgen Receptor (AR)-Targeted Agent (Abiraterone or Enzalutamide) in mCRPC Patients Previously Treated With Docetaxel and Who Rapidly Failed a Prior AR-targeted Agent (CARD); - To evaluate safety in the 2 treatment arms. AN  - NCT02485691 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Cabazitaxel Versus the Switch to Alternative AR-targeted Agent (Enzalutamide or Abiraterone) in Metastatic Castration-resistant Prostate Cancer (mCRPC) Patients Previously Treated With Docetaxel and Who Rapidly Failed a Prior AR-targeted Agent (CARD) TI  - A Randomized, Open Label, Multicenter Study of Cabazitaxel Versus an Androgen Receptor (AR)-Targeted Agent (Abiraterone or Enzalutamide) in mCRPC Patients Previously Treated With Docetaxel and Who Rapidly Failed a Prior AR-targeted Agent (CARD)
Pain Modulation in RA - Influence of Adalimumab. A Randomized, Placebo-controlled Study Using Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (PARADE); The purpose of this study is to obtain increased knowledge concerning central pain and fatigue processing in rheumatoid arthritis, and how these conditions are influenced by treatment with Tumor Necrosis Factor (TNF) blockade with adalimumab. AN  - NCT01197144 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Pain Modulation in Rheumatoid Arthritis (RA) - Influence of Adalimumab (PARADE) TI  - Pain Modulation in RA - Influence of Adalimumab. A Randomized, Placebo-controlled Study Using Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (PARADE)
Evaluation of Molecular Mechanisms of Non-response to Treatments, Relapses and Remission in Ulcerative Colitis and Crohn's Disease Patients Receiving First Time Standard of Care Biological Treatment; The investigators have decided to include patients with inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) in which targeted therapies are administered as part of standard helathcare and which aims at identifiyng solid biomarker signatures as well as molecular pathways and mechanisms linked to response and non-response to therapy. Choice od medications (which are all approved for first line use) is by treating physicians. All follow-up procedures are according to standards of care. AN  - NCT05733845 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Evaluation of Molecular Mechanisms of Non-response to Therapy in Patients With Inflammatory Bowel Disease (3TR) TI  - Evaluation of Molecular Mechanisms of Non-response to Treatments, Relapses and Remission in Ulcerative Colitis and Crohn's Disease Patients Receiving First Time Standard of Care Biological Treatment
A Randomized Controlled Pilot Trial of Phenylephrine Versus Norepinephrine for Septic Shock in Critically Ill Patients; 4. Decreasing the number of cardiac complications AN  - NCT02203630 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Phenylephrine Versus Norepinephrine for Septic Shock in Critically Ill Patients TI  - A Randomized Controlled Pilot Trial of Phenylephrine Versus Norepinephrine for Septic Shock in Critically Ill Patients
High-intensity Exercise and Fall Prevention Boot Camp for Parkinson's Disease; Participants will be randomly assigned into either an 8-week HIBC group or an 8-week usual care control group (standard, low intensity group therapy class) under the direction of physical therapists. Each group will have 15 participants with a 1:5 patient-to-therapist ratio. The HIBC will be 1.5 hours daily, Monday through Friday. Participants will be required to attend 3 out of the 5 days. The protocol of the HIBC will include the following exercise components: A. 30 minutes of moderate-high intensity aerobic exercise; B. 15 minutes of strengthening the major muscle groups; C. 15 minutes of balance training; and, D. 15 minutes of interspersed rest and stretching. Participants will rotate through these four exercise components. Participants will have one baseline test and assessments at the 2-week, 4 week, 8-week, and 6-month points. Outcomes of the primary aims (Aim 1 and Aim 2) will be frequency counts of participation, adverse events, and compliance with exercise. The outcomes for the secondary aims will include measures of balance and falls, physical capacity, fatigue, exercise/physical activity behavior, and biological assays. AN  - NCT02230267 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - High-intensity Exercise and Fall Prevention Boot Camp for Parkinson's Disease TI  - High-intensity Exercise and Fall Prevention Boot Camp for Parkinson's Disease
Effective and Safe Morphine Dose for Patient Controlled Anesthesia in Supratentorial Craniotomies; An optimal analgesic therapy is very important for postoperative recovery. In recent years, several studies showed that the prevalence of the moderate to severe pain after craniotomy ranged from 69 to 87% of patients. The investigators showed that the use of morphine based patient controlled analgesia prevented moderate to severe postoperative pain in patients undergoing supratentorial craniotomy. Morphine related side effects such as sedation, miosis, respiratory depression, nausea and vomiting produce a general reluctance for their use in neurosurgery. Therefore, all patients were closely observed to detect opioid related side effects in the intensive care unit for 24 hours following surgery in our previous study. The Integrated Pulmonary Index (IPI) is a new tool that calculates respiratory and hemodynamic parameters noninvasively. In the present study the investigators will use different doses of morphine based patient-controlled analgesia and the IPI system to determine more effective and safer morphine dose for postoperative analgesia following supratentorial craniotomy. AN  - NCT04313374 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Integrated Pulmonary Index and Opioid Based Patient Controlled Analgesia TI  - Effective and Safe Morphine Dose for Patient Controlled Anesthesia in Supratentorial Craniotomies
Comparative Analysis of Outcomes Among Patients Initiating Xeljanz in Combination With Oral MTX Who Withdraw MTX Versus Continue MTX Using a United States Healthcare Claims Database; To address the objectives, a retrospective cohort design will be employed to evaluate patient characteristics, treatment patterns, medication effectiveness, and health care cost and utilization in RA patients newly initiating tofacitinib in combination with oral methotrexate (MTX) AN  - NCT03975790 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Comparative Analysis of Outcomes Among Patients Initiating Xeljanz in Combination With Oral MTX Who Withdraw MTX Versus Continue MTX TI  - Comparative Analysis of Outcomes Among Patients Initiating Xeljanz in Combination With Oral MTX Who Withdraw MTX Versus Continue MTX Using a United States Healthcare Claims Database
A Pilot Study Examining the Efficacy of Biomodulator Treatment for Chronic Low Back Pain; The purpose of this study is to determine the efficacy of self treatment with the Biomodulator device to decrease chronic low back pain (LBP) in active duty service members. In addition, the study will track the use of pain medication and the impact of pain on symptoms of anxiety, depression and Post Traumatic Stress Syndrome (PTSD). AN  - NCT02707094 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Pilot Study Examining the Efficacy of Biomodulator Treatment for Chronic Low Back Pain TI  - A Pilot Study Examining the Efficacy of Biomodulator Treatment for Chronic Low Back Pain
The Psychobiological Effects of a One-Month Insight Meditation Retreat, a Sub-study of The Shamatha Project: A Longitudinal, Randomized Waitlist Control Study of Cognitive, Emotional, and Neural Effects of Intensive Meditation Training; The purpose of this study was to examine how participation in a 1 month intensive Insight (vipassana) Meditation retreat (a) affects biological markers of cellular aging, social affiliation, and inflammation, which are important for physical health, longevity, and behavior, and (b) to relate observed biological changes to baseline levels and changes in psychological traits, which may underlie improvements in personal adaptive functioning. AN  - NCT03056105 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Psychobiological Effects of Participation in a One-Month Insight Meditation Retreat TI  - The Psychobiological Effects of a One-Month Insight Meditation Retreat, a Sub-study of The Shamatha Project: A Longitudinal, Randomized Waitlist Control Study of Cognitive, Emotional, and Neural Effects of Intensive Meditation Training
Electroencephalographic Characteristics of Chronic Pain in Patients With Spinal Cord Injury: an Exploratory, Interventional, Non-randomized Controlled Study; The diagnosis of chronic pain currently lacks objective and quantifiable biomarkers. This study aims to observe the EEG characteristics of patients with chronic pain following spinal cord injury and subsequently administer analgesic interventions with remifentanil, esketamine, flurbiprofen, and spinal cord stimulation. The correlation between EEG features and pain intensity will be examined. The research aims to advance the objectification of chronic pain diagnosis and treatment. AN  - NCT06531837 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Electroencephalographic Characteristics of Chronic Pain in Patients With Spinal Cord Injury TI  - Electroencephalographic Characteristics of Chronic Pain in Patients With Spinal Cord Injury: an Exploratory, Interventional, Non-randomized Controlled Study
A Phase 3, Multicenter, Randomized, Open, Prospective, Controlled, Parallel Group Study of Reduction of Therapy in Patients With Rheumatoid Arthritis in Ongoing Remission.; This is a phase 3, multicenter, randomized, open, prospective, controlled, parallel-group intervention study in 318 patients with Rheumatoid Arthritis. The study is composed of 3 phases: a pre-randomization phase for up to 10 days followed by a 1-year randomized, open three arm treatment phase for each patient, followed by a 5-year observational phase for all patients still in remission. AN  - NCT02779114 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - RETRO (REduction of Therapy in RA Patients in Ongoing Remission) (RETRO) TI  - A Phase 3, Multicenter, Randomized, Open, Prospective, Controlled, Parallel Group Study of Reduction of Therapy in Patients With Rheumatoid Arthritis in Ongoing Remission.
A Phase 3b, Multi Center, Open-label, Long-term Extension Study of Apremilast (CC-10004) in Pediatric Subjects From 6 Through 17 Years of Age With Moderate to Severe Plaque Psoriasis; The study will consist of up to 208 weeks of long-term treatment followed by an 8-week observational follow-up phase. AN  - NCT04175613 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Long-term Extension Study of Apremilast (CC-10004) in Pediatric Subjects From 6 Through 17 Years of Age With Moderate to Severe Plaque Psoriasis TI  - A Phase 3b, Multi Center, Open-label, Long-term Extension Study of Apremilast (CC-10004) in Pediatric Subjects From 6 Through 17 Years of Age With Moderate to Severe Plaque Psoriasis
Missing Microbes in Infants Born by Caesarean Section: Antenatal Antibiotics and Mode of Delivery; - To identify bacterial strains that can be further developed into probiotic products to help replenish depleted microbiota in the infant gut, born by C Section and or treated with antibiotics AN  - NCT04134819 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Missing Microbes in Infants Born by Cesarean Section (MiMIC) TI  - Missing Microbes in Infants Born by Caesarean Section: Antenatal Antibiotics and Mode of Delivery
A Randomized, Double-blind Placebo-controlled Phase III Trial of Coenzyme Q10 in Gulf War Illness; The primary objective of this clinical trial is to determine if treatment with ubiquinol, a form of coenzyme Q10, improves the physical function of men and women Veterans suffering from Gulf War Illness (GWI). The primary outcome measure is a change from baseline on the Short Form Health Survey 36-item (SF-36), with respect to physical functioning and symptoms. Secondary outcome measures include changes from baseline levels on GWI-associated biomarkers in peripheral blood and GWI-associated symptoms of chronic pain, fatigue, insomnia, activity level, and cognitive and mental functioning. AN  - NCT02865460 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Coenzyme Q10 Phase III Trial in Gulf War Illness TI  - A Randomized, Double-blind Placebo-controlled Phase III Trial of Coenzyme Q10 in Gulf War Illness
Effect of Perioperative Opioid Education on Outcomes After Total Knee Arthroplasty: A Randomized Study; Group 3 (video): Patients will receive two video education sessions (1st session before surgery and 2nd session after surgery). Patients will also receive pdf handouts about opioid and pain management. AN  - NCT05593341 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Opioid Education in Total Knee Arthroplasty TI  - Effect of Perioperative Opioid Education on Outcomes After Total Knee Arthroplasty: A Randomized Study
the Association Between Metabolic Syndrome and Its Components With Lupus Nephritis in Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Patients; Compared with patients without Metabolic syndrome, SLE patients from the multinational, multiethnic Systemic Lupus Erythematosus International Collaborating Clinics (SLICC) cohort with the diagnosis of Metabolic syndrome were older, had a higher disease activity, an increased number of recent disease flares, and had accrued more organ damage . Mok et al report that Metabolic syndrome is significantly associated with new organ damage, vascular events, and mortality in patients with SLE . AN  - NCT05964751 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - the Association Between Metabolic Syndrome and Its Components With Lupus Nephritis in Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Patients TI  - the Association Between Metabolic Syndrome and Its Components With Lupus Nephritis in Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Patients
NON-INTERVENTIONAL STUDY TO REVIEW THE CHANGES OF DEPRESSION AFTER FIRST-YEAR OF TOFACITINIB TREATMENT IN RHEUMATOID ARTHRITIS (XELJANZ (Registered)); 12-month, single arm, prospective, non-interventional, multi-center study according to Czech legal definitions (Law 378/2007 Sb.).The primary objective of this study is to describe and evaluate the changes of depression level within 12 months from the start of tofacitinib therapy in patients with RA and at least minimal level of depression. Primary goal is to find out if treatment by tofacitinib reduces the depression by at least 10% during 12 months. AN  - NCT03992781 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Changes of Depression After First-year of Tofacitinib in RA Patients TI  - NON-INTERVENTIONAL STUDY TO REVIEW THE CHANGES OF DEPRESSION AFTER FIRST-YEAR OF TOFACITINIB TREATMENT IN RHEUMATOID ARTHRITIS (XELJANZ (Registered))
Comparison of Efficacy and Safety of the Postoperative Analgesia Methods for Supratentorial Craniotomy by Integrated Pulmonary Index (IPI); An optimal analgesic therapy is very important for postoperative recovery. In recent years, several studies showed that the prevalence of the moderate to severe pain after craniotomy ranged from 69 to 87% of patients. In a previous study, the investigators showed that the use of morphine based patient controlled analgesia prevented moderate to severe postoperative pain in patients undergoing supratentorial craniotomy. Morphine related side effects such as sedation, miosis, respiratory depression, nausea and vomiting produce a general reluctance for their use in neurosurgery. Therefore, all patients were closely observed to detect opioid related side effects in the intensive care unit for 24 hours following surgery in the previous study. The Integrated Pulmonary Index (IPI) is a new tool that calculates respiratory and hemodynamic parameters noninvasively. In the present study the investigators will use different doses of morphine based PCA and the IPI system to determine more effective and safer morphine dose for postoperative analgesia following supratentorial craniotomy. AN  - NCT02929147 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Comparison of Efficacy and Safety of the Postoperative Analgesia Methods TI  - Comparison of Efficacy and Safety of the Postoperative Analgesia Methods for Supratentorial Craniotomy by Integrated Pulmonary Index (IPI)
TTI-0102, a Cysteamine Precursor for Mild to Moderate TBI: Dosing and Feasibility Study; Traumatic brain injury (TBI) is a signature wound of the recent wars. How chronic TBI symptoms develop after a mild brain injury is not fully understood, but it is now thought that injury results in damage that reduces brain energy production, increases inflammation, and results in a leaky blood-brain barrier. Difficulties in daily function may persist in areas such as thinking (e.g., attention, learning, memory, planning, and problem-solving), pain (e.g., headache) and behavior (e.g., sleep, posttraumatic stress disorder, depression). No medications for TBI have been developed, so evidence-based cognitive rehabilitation interventions such as Compensatory Cognitive Training (CCT) are the mainstay of treatment. The investigators are proposing to study a medication, TTI-0102, that shows anti-inflammatory activity, as a potential adjunct treatment with CCT for Veterans with TBI-related symptoms. The investigators plan to first determine the best dose of TTI-0102 to use, and then to conduct a pilot study to test the feasibility and acceptability of combining TTI-0102 with CCT in Veterans with mild to moderate TBI and PTSD. AN  - NCT04262895 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - TTI-0102 for Veterans With TBI TI  - TTI-0102, a Cysteamine Precursor for Mild to Moderate TBI: Dosing and Feasibility Study
Role of Innate Lymphoid Cells in the Immunosuppression of Septic Shock; In this prospective work, the investigators will compare ILCs phenotyping in ICU patients managed for a septic shock, comparing them to ICU patients without any infectious disease on their inclusion. The investigators will also make a large immune mapping in all patients, to place ILCs in the global immune depressed state observed in septic patients. AN  - NCT03297203 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Innate Lymphoid Cells in Septic Shock (CriSIs) TI  - Role of Innate Lymphoid Cells in the Immunosuppression of Septic Shock
Vascular Inflammation in Psoriasis - Extension Study; VIP-E is a one-arm, open-label, 40-52 week extension study to continue or cross over subjects of the VIP study (# 814278) to active drug (adalimumab) to determine if there is sustained improvement in vascular inflammation, lipid metabolism, and inflammatory markers. VIP-E extends VIP study procedures for 40-52 weeks including questionnaires, physical exams, blood and urine samples, lab tests, one additional FDG-PET/CT scan, and adalimumab injections following FDA-approved psoriasis treatment regimen. AN  - NCT01866592 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Vascular Inflammation in Psoriasis - Extension Study (VIP-E) TI  - Vascular Inflammation in Psoriasis - Extension Study
Classical Conditioning to Treat Allergic Airway Diseases; These data will help define parameters for classical conditioning in humans, establish a model to investigate mechanisms and serve as the basis for development of future interventional protocols for severe inflammatory diseases involving classical conditioning. AN  - NCT00032526 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Classical Conditioning to Treat Allergic Airway Diseases TI  - Classical Conditioning to Treat Allergic Airway Diseases
Efficacy and Safety of Black Seed Oil as Adjunctive Therapy in Pediatrics With Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder; Black seed oil (BSO) has shown anti-inflammatory and antioxidant properties in several human studies. Also numerous in-vitro studies have shown that nigella sativa possesses neuroprotective effects that are attributed to its antioxidant and anti-inflammatory effects. Thymoquinone (TQ) possesses the majority of nigella sativa oil (NSO) therapeutic benefits with the ability to target the central nervous system owing to its low molecular weight and lipophilic nature. In rats, thymoquinone administration significantly improved cognition by enhancing cholinergic function, synaptic plasticity, and attenuating oxidative damage and neuroinflammation, as shown by increased SOD and TAC and reduced MDA, NO, TNF-α immunoreactivity, and AChE activities. Previous human studies suggested that nigella sativa can stabilize mood, reduce anxiety, and regulate cognition, attention, and memory. In a previous animal study on ADHD mice model, Nigella sativa oil showed a reduction in inattention and hyperactivity with lower glutamate levels, and also showed higher recognition memory, glutathione peroxidase levels, dopamine levels, and neuronal density compared to the ethanol group only. AN  - NCT06542887 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Black Seed Oil in ADHD TI  - Efficacy and Safety of Black Seed Oil as Adjunctive Therapy in Pediatrics With Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder
Vielight Neuro RX Gamma Photobiomodulation Device for Moderate to Severe Alzheimer's Disease; The active Neuro RX Gamma device uses non-invasive near-infrared energy delivered to the brain with the intention to improve cognitive functioning and quality of life in patients with moderate to severe Alzheimer's Disease. Treatment will occur at home-based treatment sessions with the device. AN  - NCT03484143 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Neuro RX Gamma - Pivotal Phase TI  - Vielight Neuro RX Gamma Photobiomodulation Device for Moderate to Severe Alzheimer's Disease
Comparison of the Postoperative Effects of Opioid-Free Anesthesia and Opioid-Based Anesthesia in Patients Undergoing Open-Heart Surgery With Cardiopulmonary Bypass; In this study, our primary aim is to compare the effects of opioid anesthesia and opioid-free anesthesia on postoperative recovery in patients who are provided with multimodal analgesic control through fascial plane blocks and continuous local infiltration anesthesia during the perioperative period. Our secondary objectives are to investigate the effects of opioid-free anesthesia on intensive care and hospital stays, postoperative delirium, inflammation parameters, postoperative surgical complications, arrhythmia, total drug doses used, cost, and patient satisfaction. AN  - NCT06683911 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Opioids Continue to Play a Primary Role in the Management of Perioperative Pain Due to Their Superior Efficacy in Analgesia, Due to Adverse Effects. we Aimed to Compare the Effects of Opioid-based Anesthesia and Opioid-free Anesthesia on Postoperative Recovery After Open Heart Surgery. (Opioid-Free) TI  - Comparison of the Postoperative Effects of Opioid-Free Anesthesia and Opioid-Based Anesthesia in Patients Undergoing Open-Heart Surgery With Cardiopulmonary Bypass
Open -Label Placebo for Non-specific Pain in the Emergency Department: Study Protocol for a Mixed-method Randomised Control Feasibility Study; The aim of this study is to assess whether an intervention with open-label placebo (OLP) for non-specific pain in the emergency department is feasible. AN  - NCT06408519 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Open-Label Placebo for Non-Specific Pain in the ED (OLP_EM) TI  - Open -Label Placebo for Non-specific Pain in the Emergency Department: Study Protocol for a Mixed-method Randomised Control Feasibility Study
Extracorporeal Shockwave Treatment in the Greater Trochanteric Pain Syndrome. Multicenter, Randomized, Controlled Clinical Trial; Acknowledging the unpredictable response and frequent recurrences associated with traditional non operative treatment, the risks and prolonged rehabilitation associated with surgery, and the favorable results from prior studies involving radial pressure waves as a treatment for GTPS, the aim of this study is to investigate the dose-related effect of focalized shockwave treatment at different total energy influx in patients with chronic GTPS. AN  - NCT03338465 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Extracorporeal Shockwave Treatment for Greater Trochanteric Pain Syndrome (ESTATE) TI  - Extracorporeal Shockwave Treatment in the Greater Trochanteric Pain Syndrome. Multicenter, Randomized, Controlled Clinical Trial
Effectiveness and Implementation of Self-management Strategies for Low Back Pain Among Horticulture Workers; The primary purpose of this hybrid Type II comparative effectiveness and implementation study is to compare two self-management strategies in nursery and landscape workers. This randomized pragmatic study will compare interventions with different degrees of support to determine if self-management videos plus multimodal personalized support is more effective than self-management videos alone for improving LBP among horticulture workers. Both groups will review short self-management video modules to introduce general pain concepts and the importance of managing pain without medication, risks of opioid use, self-management of pain, and simple ergonomic strategies for both groups. Both groups will choose 1 self-management strategy to manage pain at home and 1 ergonomic workplace strategy to limit pain. The video+support group will receive 1) check-list guidance, 2) review videos of their work tasks, and 3) receive text reminders to support implementation. Surveys will include instruments reflecting low back pain disability, pain, work ability, and affective or cognitive characteristics (self-efficacy, pain anxiety, depression, coping), collected at baseline, pre- and post-intervention, with follow-ups at 3- and 6-months. Workers will be videoed pre- and post-intervention for calculation of work risk and to compare any changes after the intervention. Specific aim 2 will identify contextual factors impacting engagement, adoption, effectiveness, and implementation. Interviews, focus groups, and field notes will be used to explain results and establish patterns to inform future translation. AN  - NCT06153199 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Self-management of Low Back Pain in Horticulture Workers TI  - Effectiveness and Implementation of Self-management Strategies for Low Back Pain Among Horticulture Workers
A Nutritional Supplement Epigenome Antivir Combined With Acupuncture for the Treatment of Osteoarthritis Who Are Overweight or Obese; The study evaluates analgesic, antiinflammatory and metabolic effects of a supplement Epigenome-Antivir (extracts of glycyrrhiza roots, hippophae rhamnoides leaves, curcumin, green tea, and vitamin C) combined with acupuncture in patients with knee osteoarthritis (OA) and metabolic syndrome. AN  - NCT03540186 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Epigenorm Antivir Combined With Acupuncture for the Treatment of Osteoarthritis Patients Who Are Overweight or Obese TI  - A Nutritional Supplement Epigenome Antivir Combined With Acupuncture for the Treatment of Osteoarthritis Who Are Overweight or Obese
Using Flexible Carbon Fiber Insoles for 1st Metatarsophalangeal Arthritis Lead to Pain Reduction and High Compliance Rate: A Randomized Controlled Trial; VKTRY insoles were initially designed to increase ground force leading to a harder push off for faster running or higher jumping. To enable energy return the insole needed to be extremely rigid and therefore consists out of a full-length Carbon-Fiber base. Unexpectedly the Carbon fiber base makes this a highly rigid construct which will likely benefit those patients with MTP arthritis as it will take away much movement of the MTP joint, without having an uncomfortable shape, i.e. patients can use this insole in their own shoes, possibly leading to a higher patient compliance and, simultaneously, to better outcome. Even though this insole is being widely used by athletes, no one has explored its role for treating patients with MTP joint arthritis. Therefore, the aim of this study is to compare the VKTRY insole to the current Morton extension insoles in a blinded randomized controlled trial AN  - NCT04833608 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Managing Pain in Patients With MTP Arthritis TI  - Using Flexible Carbon Fiber Insoles for 1st Metatarsophalangeal Arthritis Lead to Pain Reduction and High Compliance Rate: A Randomized Controlled Trial
A Randomized Double Blind Placebo Controlled Proof of Concept Study to Evaluate Safety, Tolerability and Efficacy of Daily Oral THX-110 in Treating Adults With Tourette Syndrome ("Entourage"); This study evaluates the efficacy and safety of THX-110 in the management of tics and other symptoms (e.g. rage attacks, anxiety, depression, sleep difficulties) in patients with Tourette syndrome. In the first part of the study, half of the patients will receive THX-110, while the other half will receive a placebo. After completion of the first study part, patients will have the opportunity to continue into the second part of the study. In this part, all participants will receive THX-110. AN  - NCT03651726 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study to Examine the Efficacy of a Therapeutic THX-110 for Tourette Syndrome TI  - A Randomized Double Blind Placebo Controlled Proof of Concept Study to Evaluate Safety, Tolerability and Efficacy of Daily Oral THX-110 in Treating Adults With Tourette Syndrome ("Entourage")
Stool Biobanking and Impact of Antimicrobials on the Gut Microbiota in Patients With Bone and Joint Infection; The main objective of this study is to constitute biobanking of stools and perform DNA sequencing of the gut microbiota in patients with acute or sub-acute implant-related Bone and Joint Infection (BJI), caused by Staphylococcus aureus. AN  - NCT03633188 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Stool Biobanking and Impact of Antimicrobials on the Gut Microbiota in Patients With Bone and Joint Infection (GUMIBONE) TI  - Stool Biobanking and Impact of Antimicrobials on the Gut Microbiota in Patients With Bone and Joint Infection
Clinical and Economic Effectiveness of Testing Chronic Wounds for BPA (Bacterial Protease Activity) Using WOUNDCHEK Bacterial Status: A Pragmatic Randomised Clinical Trial; 100 chronic wounds asymptomatic for infection that test positive for bacterial protease activity (BPA) on initial screening (approx 250 wounds in total to be tested) will be randomized to intervention or control. 50 patients will receive intervention (silver antimicrobial dressing) in addition to standard care and 50 will receive standard care only (control). Wound healing at 12 weeks will be compared in addition to costs, patient quality of life, referrals to secondary care, surgical interventions, rates of infection and antibiotic use. AN  - NCT03678636 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - WOUNDCHEK Bacterial Status Benefits Evaluation TI  - Clinical and Economic Effectiveness of Testing Chronic Wounds for BPA (Bacterial Protease Activity) Using WOUNDCHEK Bacterial Status: A Pragmatic Randomised Clinical Trial
A Phase 1/2 Multicenter Study Evaluating the Safety and Efficacy of KTE-C19 in Adults With Refractory Aggressive Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma; Subjects who received an infusion of KTE-C19 will complete the remainder of the 15 year follow-up assessments in a separate long-term follow-up study, KT-US-982-5968. AN  - NCT02348216 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study Evaluating the Safety and Efficacy of KTE-C19 in Adult Participants With Refractory Aggressive Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma (ZUMA-1) TI  - A Phase 1/2 Multicenter Study Evaluating the Safety and Efficacy of KTE-C19 in Adults With Refractory Aggressive Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma
Cognitive Improvement After cARotid stEnting in HyperBaric Oxygen Therapy Trial (CARE-HBOT); The purpose of CARE-HBOT study is to evaluate whether patients with symptomatic severe carotid artery stenosis with cognitive impairment who underwent hyperbaric oxygen therapy plus standard medical treatment after stent implantation could improve their cognitive function compared with those who underwent standard postoperative medical treatment. AN  - NCT05980195 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Cognitive Improvement After Carotid Stenting in Hyperbaric Oxygen Therapy Trial TI  - Cognitive Improvement After cARotid stEnting in HyperBaric Oxygen Therapy Trial (CARE-HBOT)
Impact of Transcutaneous Electric Nerve Stimulation (TENS) on Postoperative Pain and Quality of Life (QoL) After Inguinal Hernia Repair; Aim#4 To determine whether a psychological condition (depression, anxiety and pain catastrophisation) is somehow associated with TENS effectiveness. AN  - NCT03739060 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Impact of TENS on Postoperative Pain and Quality of Life After Inguinal Hernia Repair (TENS1) TI  - Impact of Transcutaneous Electric Nerve Stimulation (TENS) on Postoperative Pain and Quality of Life (QoL) After Inguinal Hernia Repair
The Effects of a Novel Probiotic Supplement on Menopausal Symptoms and Bone Health: A Randomized, Double-blind, Parallel, Placebo-Controlled, Multi-Centre Study; This Phase II study is designed to evaluate the potential effects of a novel probiotic supplement on the severity of global menopause symptoms (e.g., psychological, somatic, urogenital symptoms) and on bone health in postmenopausal women. AN  - NCT04001088 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Effects of a Novel Probiotic Supplement on Menopausal Symptoms and Bone Health (MPS) TI  - The Effects of a Novel Probiotic Supplement on Menopausal Symptoms and Bone Health: A Randomized, Double-blind, Parallel, Placebo-Controlled, Multi-Centre Study
An Early Stress-Reduction Intervention in Patients With Newly Diagnosed Breast Cancer: A Randomized Pilot Study; Up to 140 participants will be enrolled in this study. All participants will be recruited at MD Anderson. AN  - NCT03429907 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - An Early Stress-Reduction Intervention in Patients With Newly Diagnosed Breast Cancer TI  - An Early Stress-Reduction Intervention in Patients With Newly Diagnosed Breast Cancer: A Randomized Pilot Study
A Phase IV Trial of Neuroprotection With ACTH in Acute Optic Neuritis; The primary outcome will be the average RNFL thickness at 6 months. Additional pre-specified statistical analyses will compare the difference in the mean RNFL thickness at 6 months in the affected eye between the IV methylprednisolone- and Acthar-treated groups, and the mean 6-month affected eye RNFL thicknesses adjusted for the baseline unaffected eye RNFL. The secondary outcome measure will examine the frequency of optic nerves with RNFL swelling between the IV methylprednisolone- and Acthar-treated groups at 1 and 3 months. A predefined exploratory outcome will compare the ganglion cell plus inner plexiform layer (GC+IPL) thickness at 6 months between treatment groups. Additional tertiary outcome will be the assessment of changes in fatigue, mood, visual function depression, and quality of life in patients with AON. Assessment will be completed by administration of the following questionnaires: Modified Fatigue Impact Scale, Multiple Sclerosis Quality of Life 54 Instrument, 25-item Visual Function Questionnaire with 10-item supplement, Beck's Depression Inventory. These questionnaires have been validated for the MS (AON) population. Descriptive and correlative analysis will be done at each visit time point to assess for QOL for this study population. AN  - NCT01838174 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Trial of Neuroprotection With ACTH in Acute Optic Neuritis (ACTHAR) TI  - A Phase IV Trial of Neuroprotection With ACTH in Acute Optic Neuritis
Feasibility Study of the "SKYPE" Educational Project in Patients With Breast Cancer Treated With Hormonotherapy; With this project, the investigators will assess the feasibility of a therapeutic yoga program with home practice for patients with breast cancer treated with hormonotherapy. The investigators will measure adhesion of the patients to perform yoga postures in an autonomous manner. Our study will also allow collection of data on the effect of such a program on quality of life, in view of setting-up an intervention study. AN  - NCT04001751 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Feasibility Study: Yoga Educational Project (SKYPE) TI  - Feasibility Study of the "SKYPE" Educational Project in Patients With Breast Cancer Treated With Hormonotherapy
Effect of S-ketamine Anesthetic on Inflammatory Response in Septic Patients Undergoing Abdominal Surgery:a Single Center, Randomized, Controlled Trial; This study is a randomized, double-blinded, controlled design. In this study, low doses of S-ketamine were selected for surgury treatment in septic patients under general anesthesia , Meanwhile, activity of HO-1 protein , oxidative stress and inflammatory markers in serum are measured to evaluating the effects of S-ketamine Anesthetic on inflammatory response in septic patients undergoing abdominal surgury. In addition,It is very necessary to make use of the advantages of low-dose S-ketamine in anti-inflammation, and avoid the side effects of mental symptoms, so as to guide the new direction of perioperative clinical application of S-ketamine. AN  - NCT04873479 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effect of S-ketamine Anesthetic on Inflammatory Response in Septic Patients Undergoing Abdominal Surgery TI  - Effect of S-ketamine Anesthetic on Inflammatory Response in Septic Patients Undergoing Abdominal Surgery:a Single Center, Randomized, Controlled Trial
Effects of Cranial Electrotherapy Stimulation on Anesthetics Consumption, Perioperative Cytokines Response, and Postoperative Pain in Patients Undergoing Colonic Surgery; Cranial electrotherapy stimulation (CES) is a non-invasive intervention to treat anxiety, depression, insomnia, and pain. But clinical studies and applications of CES in relation to acute postoperative pain are few. tThe investigators investigate a double-blind, randomized controlled trial to figure out if intraoperative CES could decrease dosage of intraoperative anesthetics and patient-controlled analgesia (PCA) consumption in patients undergoing colon cancer surgery. AN  - NCT03825471 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Cranial Electrotherapy Stimulation on Anesthetics Consumption and Postoperative Pain TI  - Effects of Cranial Electrotherapy Stimulation on Anesthetics Consumption, Perioperative Cytokines Response, and Postoperative Pain in Patients Undergoing Colonic Surgery
A Prospective Observational Study of Patients Suffering From Prolonged Critical Illness Treated by Patient Centered Multidisciplinary Teams at a Specialized Unit: Patient Characteristics, Treatment and Follow-up Results; This prospective observational study aims to describe the outcome for patients with persistent or chronic critical illness treated at Remeo, a clinic specialized for patients in need of prolonged intensive care and intensive care rehabilitation in Sweden. Patients' disease characteristics and the treatment in multidisciplinary patient centered teams for intensive care, weaning from mechanical ventilation and simultaneous rehabilitation will be described. Patients will be followed one year after discharge to document health related quality of life, physical function, frailty, mental illness and used health care resources. AN  - NCT04247607 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Specialized Treatment, Rehabilitation and Outcome in Patients With Prolonged Critical Illness (CritillPro) TI  - A Prospective Observational Study of Patients Suffering From Prolonged Critical Illness Treated by Patient Centered Multidisciplinary Teams at a Specialized Unit: Patient Characteristics, Treatment and Follow-up Results
A Phase 3, Randomized, Multicenter, Double-Blind, Placebo- and Active Comparator-Controlled Study With a Randomized Withdrawal and Retreatment Period to Evaluate the Efficacy, Safety, and Tolerability of TAK-279 in Subjects With Moderate-to-Severe Plaque Psoriasis; The main aim of this study is to show how well TAK-279 reduces the skin plaques compared to placebo, in participants with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis. Participants will be assigned to one of the 3 study treatments (TAK-279, apremilast (an approved treatment), or a placebo). Participants will be in the study for up to 69 weeks. AN  - NCT06108544 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study About How Well TAK-279 Works and Its Safety in Participants With Moderate-to-severe Plaque Psoriasis During 60 Weeks of Treatment With a Withdrawal and Retreatment Period TI  - A Phase 3, Randomized, Multicenter, Double-Blind, Placebo- and Active Comparator-Controlled Study With a Randomized Withdrawal and Retreatment Period to Evaluate the Efficacy, Safety, and Tolerability of TAK-279 in Subjects With Moderate-to-Severe Plaque Psoriasis
An Observational Study Designed to Investigate the Utilisation and Effectiveness of Originator and Biosimilar Anti-TNF Agents in Australian Rheumatology; An observational study investigating the utilisation and effectiveness of originator and biosimilar anti-TNF agents in patients with rheumatoid arthritis, psoriatic arthritis, or ankylosing spondylitis. AN  - NCT03470688 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Investigating the Utilisation and Effectiveness of Originator and Biosimilar Anti-TNF Agents TI  - An Observational Study Designed to Investigate the Utilisation and Effectiveness of Originator and Biosimilar Anti-TNF Agents in Australian Rheumatology
Evaluation of iMmune Function in Post-surgical and AuToimmune HYpoparathyroidism: The EMPATHY Study; This is an observational pilot study for the evaluation of immune function, infectious diseases, psychometric status and quality of life in patients with hypoparathyroidism compared to healthy controls. AN  - NCT04059380 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Evaluation of iMmune Function in Post-surgical and AuToimmune HYpoparathyroidism (EMPATHY) (EMPATHY) TI  - Evaluation of iMmune Function in Post-surgical and AuToimmune HYpoparathyroidism: The EMPATHY Study
Comparison of Two Prophylactic Photobiomodulation Protocols in Chemoinduced Oral Mucositis in Pediatric and Adolescent Oncology Patients: a Randomized, Controlled, Blinded Clinical Trial; Childhood cancers represent less than 1% of the malignant diseases diagnosed worldwide. Treatment modalities for childhood malignancies will differ depending on the diagnosis. The main treatments may include chemotherapy (QT), radiation therapy (RT), and surgery. The toxicity caused by QT and RT generates adverse effects in the mouth, among them oral mucositis (MO). MO is damage that occurs to the oral mucosa and these lesions are extremely painful, uncomfortable, and cause great morbidity for patients. The main treatment of MO is intraoral photobiomodulation therapy (TBMI), this therapy has been widely used, reducing the severity and pain of MO in patients. The use of extraoral photobiomodulation therapy (TFBME) has been employed in some recent studies and has shown efficacy for reducing and improving the severity of OM. The present study aims to compare the effect of two protocols of photobiomodulation therapy (TFBM) using intraoral and extraoral low power laser in the prevention and treatment of OM in pediatric oncology patients receiving treatment with high dose metrotexate (MTX-HD) and its chemotherapy combinations. Initially, 34 pediatric and adolescent oncology patients receiving intravenous (IV) QT from risk protocols will be selected. Participants will be allocated into 2 groups: Group I: TFBMI (n=17) and Group II: TFBME (n=17). The study will be conducted by a dental surgeon who will perform the initial assessment and reassessments (blinded to the groups) and another who will apply the TFBM. Patients will be evaluated daily from day 1 (D1 - beginning of the chemotherapy cycle) until D10 or until healing of the lesions. The evaluation will consist of oral mucosa examination for grading of OM, pain assessment, quality of life, oral health, depressionand saliva evaluation of patients to assess. The analyses will be performed in the PASW 18.0 program, initially the evaluation of the data distribution will be performed by applying the Shapiro-Wilk and Kolmogorov-Smirnov tests. If, after applying these tests, the data show a normal distribution (p>0.05), the t-test will be used. If the distribution is non-normal after the application of the tests (p<0.05), the Wilcoxon test will be used. The p value will be set at 5%. Logistic regression will be used in adjusted models to estimate the probability of occurrence of OM. AN  - NCT05811195 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Comparison of Prophylactic Photobiomodulation Protocols in Chemoinduced Oral Mucositis in Oncology Patients TI  - Comparison of Two Prophylactic Photobiomodulation Protocols in Chemoinduced Oral Mucositis in Pediatric and Adolescent Oncology Patients: a Randomized, Controlled, Blinded Clinical Trial
A Multicenter, Randomized, Double-dummy, Double-blind Study Evaluating Two Doses of Adalimumab Versus Methotrexate (MTX) in Pediatric Subjects With Chronic Plaque Psoriasis (Ps); This study will compare how well adalimumab works versus methotrexate (MTX) in children with moderate to severe psoriasis in the short term. It will also study how safe and how well adalimumab works in the long term and how long disease response can be maintained after stopping therapy. AN  - NCT01251614 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Double Blind Study in Pediatric Subjects With Chronic Plaque Psoriasis, Studying Adalimumab vs. Methotrexate TI  - A Multicenter, Randomized, Double-dummy, Double-blind Study Evaluating Two Doses of Adalimumab Versus Methotrexate (MTX) in Pediatric Subjects With Chronic Plaque Psoriasis (Ps)
Comparison Between 2 Pain Analgesic Protocols Following Vaginal Delivery; Untreated postpartum pain has been associated with increased risk of opioid use, postpartum depression and development of persistent pain. In this study the investigators will investigate whether a scheduled administration of analgesics is superior to administration of analgesics based on patient request following a vaginal delivery. AN  - NCT04087317 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Vaginal Postpartum Pain Management Protocol Comparison TI  - Comparison Between 2 Pain Analgesic Protocols Following Vaginal Delivery
A Novel Behavioral Intervention to Promote Adherence in Heart Failure; The focus of this study is to test the efficacy of a 12-week, phone-delivered Positive Psychology-Motivational Interviewing (PP-MI) intervention, with additional twice weekly PP and health behavior text messages for a total of 24 weeks (with interactive, algorithm-driven, goal-focused text messages in the final 12 weeks), compared to an attention-matched MI-based educational condition, in a randomized trial (NIH Stage II) of 280 patients with New York Heart Association class I-III Heart Failure (HF). AN  - NCT04829617 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Promoting Well-being and Health in Heart Failure TI  - A Novel Behavioral Intervention to Promote Adherence in Heart Failure
A Multicenter, Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled, Parallel-group Study To Evaluate The Efficacy, Safety, And Tolerability Of Anisodine Hydrobromide For The Preventive Treatment Of Episodic Migraine; In this study,288 adult migraine patients aged 18-65 years (diagnosed with migraine without aura and/or migraine with aura, with at least a 1-year history)will be collected to evaluate the efficacy, safety and tolerability of Anisodine Hydrobromide in preventing migraine attacks in episodic migraine in adults. AN  - NCT05416476 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Anisodine Hydrobromide For The Preventive Treatment Of Episodic Migraine (ATEM) TI  - A Multicenter, Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled, Parallel-group Study To Evaluate The Efficacy, Safety, And Tolerability Of Anisodine Hydrobromide For The Preventive Treatment Of Episodic Migraine
Effect of Serum Magnesium Level on the Success of Transforaminal Epidural Steroid; Transforaminal epidural steroid injection (TFESE) is an interventional method frequently used in the treatment of radicular pain due to disc herniation. TFESE, which is applied under sterile conditions and under fluoroscopy guidance, increases its effectiveness when applied in the early period (first 3 months). Inflammation and increase in neurotransmitters in the nerve root due to disc herniation trigger pain. Steroids and local anesthetics applied to the nerve root with TFESE exhibit strong anti-inflammatory effects. Factors affecting the success of TFESE include the type and dose of drugs, the age of the patient, any accompanying comorbidities, the level of injection administered and other musculoskeletal problems. Studies on the effect of these parameters on the effectiveness of TFESE are limited.Cardiac arrhythmia, muscle spasms, tetany, fasciculation paresthesia, widespread body pain, impaired bone mineralization, electrolyte disorders such as hypokalemia, hypocalcemia, hypophosphatemia, depression, and seizures may occur due to magnesium deficiency. One of the most important causes of low back pain is degenerative disc disease, and magnesium deficiency has been shown to be associated with low back pain. AN  - NCT06551792 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effect of Serum Magnesium Level on the Success of Transforaminal Epidural Steroid Injection TI  - Effect of Serum Magnesium Level on the Success of Transforaminal Epidural Steroid
3TR (Taxonomy, Treatment, Targets and Remission) Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Study Protocol 2; The 3TR project (funded by the Innovative Medicines Initiative 2 Joint Undertaking under grant agreement No 831434, and supported by European Union's Horizon 2020 research and innovation programme and EFPIA) is a transdisciplinary consortium that primary aims at identifying biosignatures as predictors of response and non-response to therapy in seven different autoimmune, allergic and inflammatory diseases, including SLE. 3TR will perform a longitudinal multi-dimensional molecular analysis in patients with these diseases. A molecular profiling approach is a modern and innovative way to investigate and stratify heterogeneous diseases on the basis of their common biomolecular pathways. The main hypothesis of the 3TR project is that data obtained from multiomic analysis across the seven different diseases will identify shared biological pathways that better predict the response or non-response to therapy despite their differences in terms of clinical phenotypes and pathogenetic mechanisms. Therefore patients from multiple European centers participating in 3TR will be recruited for a longitudinal clinical follow-up and collections of several samples that will be used to perform multi-omic analysis. AN  - NCT05747651 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - 3TR (Taxonomy, Treatment, Targets and Remission) Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Study Protocol 2 (3TR-SLE2) TI  - 3TR (Taxonomy, Treatment, Targets and Remission) Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Study Protocol 2
The Effects of EXOPULSE Mollii Suit on Low Back Pain (EXOBACK)" / EXOPULSE Mollii Suit and Low Back Pain (EXOBACK); Low back pain is a common musculoskeletal problem. It is the main cause of activity limitation and work absence and carries a huge medical burden and economic cost. Low back pain is considered "chronic" when it persists for more than 3 months. Chronic low back pain affects daily activities and constitutes a psychological burden, which could lead to anxiety and/or depression. Prevention of low back pain is recognized as a pivotal challenge in high-risk populations to help tackle high healthcare costs related to therapy and rehabilitation. Current pharmacological drugs, namely anti-inflammatory and narcotics medications, have limited efficacy and numerous side effects. In addition, most available treatment options only address single, targeted causes; however, given the complexity of low back pain, a multi-modal interdisciplinary approach is highly needed. Transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation (TENS) is a safe alternative to current treatments. Many studies have shown its efficacy and benefit in reducing pain. However, it only targets a limited number of muscles. For this reason, transcutaneous stimulation using the EXOPULSE Mollii suit might help reduce pain and related outcomes in this context since it simultaneously targets several muscle groups. AN  - NCT06702189 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Effects of EXOPULSE Mollii Suit on Low Back Pain (EXOBACK) TI  - The Effects of EXOPULSE Mollii Suit on Low Back Pain (EXOBACK)" / EXOPULSE Mollii Suit and Low Back Pain (EXOBACK)
Rapidity of Onset of Response to Adalimumab in Luminal Crohn's Disease (RAPIDA Study); The purpose of this study is to evaluate the rapidity of onset of clinical response to adalimumab therapy in patients with luminal Crohn's disease. AN  - NCT02148718 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Rapidity of Response to Adalimumab Treatment in Patients With Crohn´s Disease (RAPIDA) TI  - Rapidity of Onset of Response to Adalimumab in Luminal Crohn's Disease (RAPIDA Study)
Prophylactic Nutritional Support During Treatment for Head and Neck Cancer: A Single-Center, Open-label, Prospective, Randomized, Controlled Trial Comparing Feeding With Percutaneous Endoscopic Gastrostomy Tubes and Nasogastric Tubes; Eligible patients will be enrolled consecutively from the gastroenterology outpatient clinics at Shaukat Khanum Memorial Cancer Hospital and Research Center (SKMCH&RC), Lahore and randomly assigned to receive either PEG tube or NG tube placement prior to commencement of treatment. Patients will receive counseling from a trained nutritionist regarding adequate nutrition during treatment and enteral feeding tube care. Detailed information regarding demographics, cancer location, type and staging, clinical status, nutritional status, quality of life, mental and emotional health, and cost of care will be obtained at baseline (time at which cancer treatment is initiated) and on 21st day (3 weeks), 42nd day (6 weeks), 84th day (12 weeks) and 168th day (24 weeks) after initiating chemoradiation. The primary endpoint will be to compare the nutritional status between the two treatment groups on an intent-to-treat basis on 168th day (24 weeks) after initiating chemoradiation. AN  - NCT01985438 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Trial Comparing Two Modalities of Prophylactic Nutritional Support During Treatment for Head and Neck Cancer (PRONUS) TI  - Prophylactic Nutritional Support During Treatment for Head and Neck Cancer: A Single-Center, Open-label, Prospective, Randomized, Controlled Trial Comparing Feeding With Percutaneous Endoscopic Gastrostomy Tubes and Nasogastric Tubes
Impact of Nurse Case Management on Diabetes Co-morbidities; Outcomes - Over a three-year period the investigators will evaluate clinical response (improvements in A1C, BP, LDL, and depression when present) as well as a series of other measures that will be obtained by surveys (patient satisfaction, quality of life, self-management behaviors). Provider satisfaction will be measured using a standardized tool. Finally, cost effectiveness of the intervention and evaluation of the potential barriers to implementation will be studied. AN  - NCT00308386 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - DYNAMIC Study: (Diabetes Nurse Case Management And Motivational Interviewing for Change) TI  - Impact of Nurse Case Management on Diabetes Co-morbidities
A Phase 2a, Multicenter, Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled and Active-controlled, Parallel-group Study Evaluating the Analgesic Efficacy and Safety of V120083 in Subjects With Moderate to Severe Chronic Pain Due to Osteoarthritis of the Knee; The purpose of this study is to evaluate the analgesic efficacy of V120083 twice daily compared to placebo in subjects with moderate to severe chronic pain due to OA of the knee. AN  - NCT03028870 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study to Evaluate the Analgesic Efficacy and Safety of V120083 in Subjects With Osteoarthritis (OA) of the Knee TI  - A Phase 2a, Multicenter, Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled and Active-controlled, Parallel-group Study Evaluating the Analgesic Efficacy and Safety of V120083 in Subjects With Moderate to Severe Chronic Pain Due to Osteoarthritis of the Knee
Fractional Carbon Dioxide Laser: A Novel Therapeutic Option for Lichen Simplex Chronicus: A Randomized Controlled Trial; improve more in which group of patients after treatment. AN  - NCT06267066 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Fractional Carbon Dioxide Laser: A Novel Therapeutic Option for Lichen Simplex Chronicus TI  - Fractional Carbon Dioxide Laser: A Novel Therapeutic Option for Lichen Simplex Chronicus: A Randomized Controlled Trial
Effectiveness and Implementation of a Digital Intervention for Pediatric Chronic Pain Co-designed With Patients; Participants will: participate in individual and group interviews, respond to questionnaires online and try a smartphone app (adolescents) or a website (parents). AN  - NCT05917626 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effectiveness and Implementation of a Digital Intervention for Pediatric Chronic Pain Co-designed With Patients (Digital SPA) TI  - Effectiveness and Implementation of a Digital Intervention for Pediatric Chronic Pain Co-designed With Patients
A Phase 3, Double-Blind, Randomized, Safety And Efficacy Study Comparing A Single Oral Dose Of Ibuprofen (IBU) 250 Mg/Acetaminophen (APAP) 500 Mg (Administered As Two Tablets Of IBU/APAP 125 Mg/250 Mg) To Each Active Drug Monocomponent Alone And To Placebo In The Treatment Of Post-Surgical Dental Pain; This is a randomized, double blind, placebo-controlled, parallel group, single-center study in approximately 560 subjects to determine the overall analgesic efficacy and safety of a fixed-dose ibuprofen 250 mg / acetaminophen 500 mg formulation compared to ibuprofen 250 mg alone, acetaminophen 650 mg alone, and to placebo. Subjects will be healthy males and females aged 18-40 years, inclusive, who are experiencing post-operative pain following surgical extraction of 3 or more third molar teeth. Following extraction, subjects must experience, within 5 hours, post-surgical pain of at least moderate severity (on a 4-point categorical scale), confirmed by a Visual Analog Pain Severity Rating Scale (VAS PSR) of at least 50 mm on a 100 mm VAS PSR scale. Eligible subjects will be randomized to receive a single oral dose of study medication under double-blind conditions and then evaluated on site for 12 hours following administration of study medication. Subjects will provide self-ratings of pain severity and pain relief at various time points using categorical and numerical scales. Additionally, subjects will also evaluate the time to first perceptible relief and time to meaningful relief using a double stopwatch method. Finally, at 12 hours, subjects will complete a categorical Global Evaluation of the study medication. A review of any reported adverse events will also be completed. AN  - NCT02912650 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Safety And Efficacy Study of Ibuprofen 250 mg / Acetaminophen 500 mg In The Treatment Of Post-Surgical Dental Pain (SDDP) TI  - A Phase 3, Double-Blind, Randomized, Safety And Efficacy Study Comparing A Single Oral Dose Of Ibuprofen (IBU) 250 Mg/Acetaminophen (APAP) 500 Mg (Administered As Two Tablets Of IBU/APAP 125 Mg/250 Mg) To Each Active Drug Monocomponent Alone And To Placebo In The Treatment Of Post-Surgical Dental Pain
Deciphering the Impact of Exposures From the Gut Microbiome-derived Molecular Complex in Human Health and Disease; Besides a one time crossectional study of healthy participants, patients with RA and PD a longitudinal fasting study with two arms (RA and PD) is planned. AN  - NCT04847011 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Deciphering the Impact of Exposures From the Gut Microbiome-derived Molecular Complex in Human Health and Disease (ExpoBiome) TI  - Deciphering the Impact of Exposures From the Gut Microbiome-derived Molecular Complex in Human Health and Disease
Phase 3 Randomized, Double-Blind, Active Comparator, Placebo-Controlled Study Of The Efficacy And Safety Of 2 Doses Of CP 690,550 In Patients With Active Rheumatoid Arthritis On Background Methotrexate; This is a comparative study of CP 690,550, Humira (adalimumab) and placebo on background methotrexate in patients with Rheumatoid Arthritis. The study is intended to provide evidence of the efficacy and safety of CP 690,550 when dosed 5 mg and 10 mg twice a day on background methotrexate in adult patients with moderate to severe Rheumatoid Arthritis. It is intended to confirm the benefits of CP-690,550 in improving signs and symptoms and physical function that were observed in Rheumatoid Arthritis. An active comparator, adalimumab, is also included. AN  - NCT00853385 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Phase 3 Study Comparing 2 Doses Of CP-690,550 And The Active Comparator, Humira (Adalimumab) Vs. Placebo For Treatment Of Rheumatoid Arthritis TI  - Phase 3 Randomized, Double-Blind, Active Comparator, Placebo-Controlled Study Of The Efficacy And Safety Of 2 Doses Of CP 690,550 In Patients With Active Rheumatoid Arthritis On Background Methotrexate
A Prospective Observational Non Interventional Study of Reactogenicity and Safety of the BNT162b2 Messenger Ribonucleic Acid (mRNA) Covid-19 Vaccine in Cancer Patients on Active Treatment; In this Italian observational study the antibody titer reactogenicity to Pfizer Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) - Coronavirus (CoV-2) RNA vaccine in cancer patients under active antitumor treatment will be evaluated at 21 and 42 days and after 6 months. Furthermore patients safety will be monitored. Factors affecting immunogenicity (or lack of), including cancer treatment, will be the primary aim of the study. AN  - NCT04932863 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - BNT162b2 Messenger Ribonucleic Acid (mRNA) Covid-19 Vaccine in Cancer Patients on Active Treatment (UNICO) TI  - A Prospective Observational Non Interventional Study of Reactogenicity and Safety of the BNT162b2 Messenger Ribonucleic Acid (mRNA) Covid-19 Vaccine in Cancer Patients on Active Treatment
Wake-sleep Cycle and Melatonin Secretion Dynamics Associated With 12 Hours Shift Work in French Nurses; Nonstandard time-schedules work are widespread in the world of work. Shift and night work have been shown to be responsible for a desynchronization of biological rhythms, associated with melatonin secretion impairment and sleep disturbances. However, while health consequences of night and shift work are widely recognized and represent a major public health concern (High Authority of Health 2012 Recommendations and National Agency for Public Health Food, Environment and Work 2016 Report), the mechanisms by which the circadian system is affected by shift work remain poorly understood. Indeed most of the studies in the fields are cross-sectional, based on few blood or urinary samples in a single work position, in workers whose shift work patterns are often misidentified and heterogeneous. Moreover, few studies have assessed melatonin secretion alterations in relation to objective sleep measurement (actigraphy). The aim of this study is to assess the dynamics of melatonin secretion adaptation in 12-hour shift work and to correlate these data to sleep-wake cycle recording. AN  - NCT03153917 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Biological Rhythms Impact of 12 Hours Shift Work (MELACTI-12) TI  - Wake-sleep Cycle and Melatonin Secretion Dynamics Associated With 12 Hours Shift Work in French Nurses
Influence of Macrolide Maintenance Therapy and Bacterial Colonisation on Exacerbation Frequency and Progression of COPD, a Randomized Double-blind Placebo-controlled Trial; To assess whether maintenance treatment with macrolide antibiotics in COPD patients with three or more exacerbations in the preceding year of inclusion can decrease the exacerbation rate in the year of treatment. AN  - NCT00985244 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Macrolide Maintenance Therapy in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COLUMBUS) TI  - Influence of Macrolide Maintenance Therapy and Bacterial Colonisation on Exacerbation Frequency and Progression of COPD, a Randomized Double-blind Placebo-controlled Trial
Reparixin 1200 mg TID as add-on to SoC to Limit Disease Progression in Hospitalised Patients With COVID-19 and Other Community-Acquired Pneumonia. A Multicentre, Randomised, Double-blinded, Placebo-controlled, Phase III Trial (REPAVID-22); - To evaluate the safety of oral reparixin versus placebo in the specific clinical setting. AN  - NCT05254990 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Reparixin add-on Therapy to Std Care to Limit Progression in Pts With COVID19 & Other Community Acquired Pneumonia TI  - Reparixin 1200 mg TID as add-on to SoC to Limit Disease Progression in Hospitalised Patients With COVID-19 and Other Community-Acquired Pneumonia. A Multicentre, Randomised, Double-blinded, Placebo-controlled, Phase III Trial (REPAVID-22)
Post Marketing Observational Study to Assess Quality of Life Changes in Swedish Patients With Moderate or Severe Hidradenitis Suppurativa (HS) After 6 Months on Adalimumab Treatment (HOPE Study); The objective of this study is to assess quality of life (QoL), skin pain, work productivity/activity and health related problems in Swedish patients with moderate to severe HS before and after 6 months treatment with Adalimumab. Participants will be treated in accordance with normal routine clinical care. AN  - NCT02739828 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Post Marketing Observational Study (PMOS) to Assess Quality of Life in Swedish Hidradenitis Suppurativa (HS) Patients (HOPE) TI  - Post Marketing Observational Study to Assess Quality of Life Changes in Swedish Patients With Moderate or Severe Hidradenitis Suppurativa (HS) After 6 Months on Adalimumab Treatment (HOPE Study)
Evaluation of a Multidisciplinary Care Pathway on the Evolution of Renal Function in Patients With Advanced Chronic Kidney Disease; In order to reduce the number of dialysis patients, the French state has induced a national program proposing a multidisciplinary care pathway including the nephrology visits and at least one consultation with a dietitian and a specialist renal nurse in all patients with Chronic Kidney Disease stage 4 and 5. AN  - NCT06495385 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Evaluation of a Multidisciplinary Care Pathway on the Evolution of Renal Function in Patients With Advanced Chronic Kidney Disease TI  - Evaluation of a Multidisciplinary Care Pathway on the Evolution of Renal Function in Patients With Advanced Chronic Kidney Disease
Effects of Supervised Exercise During Gestation on Maternal and Foetal Health Markers. The GESTAFIT Project; Methods/Design: The present study is a Randomized Controlled Trial. Sixty overweight pregnant interested in participate in the intervention program will be randomly assigned to either exercise (3 sessions/week), or to usual care (control) group (30 pregnant per group). The primary outcome measures are maternal weight gain, and maternal and neonatal glycaemic profile. Secondary outcomes measure are: i) body composition; ii) dietary patterns; iii) physical fitness; iv) objectively measured physical activity and sedentary behaviour; v) sleep quality; vi) mental health, quality of life and positive health; vii) haematology and biochemical analysis; viii) oxidative stress; ix) pro- and anti-inflammatory markers; x) bone health biomarkers; xi) adiposity-related proteins expression. The data will be analysed on an intention-to-treat basis and per protocol. AN  - NCT02582567 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effects of Exercise During Gestation on Maternal and Foetal Health (GESTAFIT) TI  - Effects of Supervised Exercise During Gestation on Maternal and Foetal Health Markers. The GESTAFIT Project
Rapamycin - Effects on Alzheimer's and Cognitive Health (REACH); This study will evaluate the safety, tolerability, and feasibility of 12 month oral rapamycin treatment in older adults with amnestic mild cognitive impairment (aMCI) and early stage Alzheimer's disease (AD). AN  - NCT04629495 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Rapamycin - Effects on Alzheimer's and Cognitive Health (REACH) TI  - Rapamycin - Effects on Alzheimer's and Cognitive Health (REACH)
A Multicenter, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Study of Upadacitinib (ABT-494) for the Induction of Symptomatic and Endoscopic Remission in Subjects With Moderately to Severely Active Crohn's Disease Who Have Inadequately Responded to or Are Intolerant to Immunomodulators or Anti-TNF Therapy; To determine the efficacy and safety of multiple doses of ABT-494 in subjects with moderately to severely active Crohn's Disease with a history of inadequate response to or intolerance to Immunomodulators or anti-Tumor Necrosis Factor (TNF) therapy. AN  - NCT02365649 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Multicenter, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Study of ABT-494 for the Induction of Symptomatic and Endoscopic Remission in Subjects With Moderately to Severely Active Crohn's Disease Who Have Inadequately Responded to or Are Intolerant to Immunomodulators or Anti-TNF Therapy TI  - A Multicenter, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Study of Upadacitinib (ABT-494) for the Induction of Symptomatic and Endoscopic Remission in Subjects With Moderately to Severely Active Crohn's Disease Who Have Inadequately Responded to or Are Intolerant to Immunomodulators or Anti-TNF Therapy
Comparing Impacts of Donor Human Milk to Formula Supplementation on the Gut Microbiome of Full-term Infants Exposed to Antibiotics in Labour: A Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial; The hypothesis of this study is: that replacing formula with DHM supplementation will minimize gut microbiome dysbiosis and foster homeostasis following supplementation. In addition, it is hypothesized that improved homeostasis will promote improved sleep and growth outcomes in participant infants. Finally, mothers whose infants receive DHM will have lower depression and anger scores and high breastfeeding self-efficacy and exclusive breastfeeding rates compared to mothers whose infants receive formula. AN  - NCT05815433 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Comparing Impacts of Donor Human Milk to Formula Supplementation on the Gut Microbiome of Full-term Infants (PPDHM) TI  - Comparing Impacts of Donor Human Milk to Formula Supplementation on the Gut Microbiome of Full-term Infants Exposed to Antibiotics in Labour: A Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial
A Comparison Between a Standardized (GLA:D Canada) and an Individualized (JointEffort) Exercise Program on Functional Mobility, Quality of Life, Pain Management, and Inflammatory Biomarkers in Knee Osteoarthritis Patients; 3. Do the improvements in functional mobility, quality of life, pain management, and inflammatory biomarkers in knee OA patients differ between those enrolled in the GLA:DTM and the JointEffort education and exercise programs? AN  - NCT03406767 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Comparison Between GLA:D Canada and an Individualized JointEffort Exercise Program in Knee Osteoarthritis Patients TI  - A Comparison Between a Standardized (GLA:D Canada) and an Individualized (JointEffort) Exercise Program on Functional Mobility, Quality of Life, Pain Management, and Inflammatory Biomarkers in Knee Osteoarthritis Patients
A Pilot Study Examining the Safety and Efficacy of Early Fecal Transplant in Patients Infected With Clostridium Difficile at High Risk of Relapse; - that costs incurred by the experimental group will be less than the control group AN  - NCT02465463 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Early FMT for C.Difficile TI  - A Pilot Study Examining the Safety and Efficacy of Early Fecal Transplant in Patients Infected With Clostridium Difficile at High Risk of Relapse
Immune System, Inflammation, Migraine - The Role of Cytokines and Regulatory T Lymphocytes in Migraine Pathophysiology; In this study, the investigators will compare Treg levels, as well as identify Treg subpopulations and measure cytokine levels in migraine and migraine-free participants with and without an autoimmune/inflammatory disorder (MS, RA, CD, SLE, T1DM and endometriosis). AN  - NCT06426316 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Role of Cytokines and Regulatory T Lymphocytes in Migraine Pathophysiology. (SIIM) TI  - Immune System, Inflammation, Migraine - The Role of Cytokines and Regulatory T Lymphocytes in Migraine Pathophysiology
Evaluation of the Current Care Processes for Stroke Care in Flemish Hospitals Via a Breakthrough Improvement Collaborative; The aim of this study is to map the variation in stroke care in Flemish hospitals and to get an overview about the variation within and between these hospitals. During this study, electronic patient records will be analyzed to check which interventions are performed in a specific patient and of which no information could be found in de patient record. AN  - NCT05218135 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - BIC: Evaluation of the Current Care Processes for Stroke Care in Flemish Hospitals TI  - Evaluation of the Current Care Processes for Stroke Care in Flemish Hospitals Via a Breakthrough Improvement Collaborative
Phase Four Study of Intravenous Parecoxib on Post-craniotomy Pain; Post-operative analgesia with intravenous parecoxib in combination with intravenous paracetamol will be superior to intravenous paracetamol alone. AN  - NCT00455117 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effect of Parecoxib on Post-craniotomy Pain TI  - Phase Four Study of Intravenous Parecoxib on Post-craniotomy Pain
Remote and In-person Supervised Exercise in Patients With Knee Osteoarthritis (RISE-KOA): a Single Blinded, Randomized, Non-inferiority Trial.; Exercise supervision via telehealth resources is an alternative to the in-person modality with similar therapeutic effectiveness across different clinical profiles. Especially in the context of knee osteoarthritis (OA), exercise is recommended by international guidelines. However, it is necessary to elucidate the comparability of remote and in-person supervised exercise effectiveness for these patients. Therefore, the study's objective is to investigate the responses of a remote compared to the in-person supervised exercise program on patient-reported outcomes measures (PROMs), muscular architecture, and the functional performance of patients with knee OA. Sixty-eight patients with symptomatic and radiographic knee OA will be randomly assigned to remote or in-person exercise programs. The intervention will last 12 weeks, encompassing muscle-strengthening exercises for the lower extremities, with a frequency of twice a week for the initial two weeks and three sessions per week from the third week onwards. Supervision will be conducted remotely via video calls in one group, while the other will receive in-person supervision at a physiotherapy clinic. Program sessions will comprise six exercises. In the first session treatment block, exercises will be guided for the muscle groups of the knee extensors, hip adductors, and plantar flexors, and in the second block, for knee extensors, hip abductors, and knee flexors. After the 12-week supervised treatment period, participants will be encouraged to continue the same exercise program at home without a physiotherapist in the following six weeks. PROMs related to the joint condition will be measured, such as pain, symptoms, daily activities, sports and leisure activities, and quality of life. The psychological domain will also be evaluated, including pain catastrophizing, symptoms of depression, anxiety and stress, and sleep quality. Additionally, measurements of the muscular architecture of the quadriceps femoris, including muscle thickness, pennation angle, fascicle length, and echo intensity, will be taken. Functional performance will be assessed through tests that include the skills of standing and sitting, walking and going up, and down stairs. PROMs will be measured at weeks 0, 6, 12, and 18. Muscular architecture and functional parameters will be measured at weeks 0 and 12. Data analysis will be conducted using Linear Mixed Models, and analysis will be presented by intention to treat and per protocol. The significance level adopted for this study will be α = 0.05. AN  - NCT06101797 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Remote and In-person Supervised Exercise in Patients With Knee Osteoarthritis (RISE-KOA) TI  - Remote and In-person Supervised Exercise in Patients With Knee Osteoarthritis (RISE-KOA): a Single Blinded, Randomized, Non-inferiority Trial.
Effect of Acupoint Application With Herbal Medicine in Patients With Stable Angina Pectoris: Randomized, Controlled,Double Blind Clinical Study; Hypothesis: acupoint application is effective for managing chronic stable angina pectoris. Aim: to evaluate the efficacy and safety of acupoint application on the specific acupoints for chronic stable angina pectoris. Design: A Randomized, Controlled,Double Blind trial. 200 participants will be included. Four arms: herbal medicine application on acupoint group , placebo application on acupoint group , herbal medicine application on non-acupoint group and placebo application on non-acupoint group. AN  - NCT02029118 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Acupoint Application in Patients With Stable Angina Pectoris (AASAP) (AASAP) TI  - Effect of Acupoint Application With Herbal Medicine in Patients With Stable Angina Pectoris: Randomized, Controlled,Double Blind Clinical Study
A Placebo-Controlled Trial of D-Cycloserine and Exposure Therapy for Combat-PTSD; The primary aim of this project is to examine whether administration of D-Cycloserine (DCS), a partial N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptor agonist that has been shown to facilitate fear extinction, enhances the therapeutic benefit of exposure-based cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) in OEF/OIF veterans with PTSD. AN  - NCT00371176 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Placebo-Controlled Trial of D-Cycloserine and Exposure Therapy for Combat-PTSD TI  - A Placebo-Controlled Trial of D-Cycloserine and Exposure Therapy for Combat-PTSD
A Blinded, Non-inferiority Phase III Trial of 5 Versus 7 Days of Oral Flucloxacillin in Primary Care Patients With Lower Limb Cellulitis; To determine whether a short course of oral flucloxacillin (5 days) is non-inferior to a standard course (7 days) in terms of pain over days 6-14 (indicative of persistence or recurrence associated with the symptoms of most importance to patients) in adults with cellulitis of the leg presenting in primary care. AN  - NCT05584007 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Cellulitis Optimal Antibiotic Treatment (COAT) TI  - A Blinded, Non-inferiority Phase III Trial of 5 Versus 7 Days of Oral Flucloxacillin in Primary Care Patients With Lower Limb Cellulitis
Patient-reported Outcomes With Etoricoxib in Real Life; The purpose of this study is to collect disease burden of OA and the effectiveness and patient satisfaction of treatment by Etoricoxib in the normal practice setting. AN  - NCT00757627 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Patient-Reported Effectiveness and Safety of Etoricoxib in Osteoarthritis (OA)(0663-113) TI  - Patient-reported Outcomes With Etoricoxib in Real Life
Evaluation of Frankincense Essential Oil Supplements on Markers of Inflammation and Cellular Health; - Complete weekly subjective health assessments from home AN  - NCT06488417 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Frankincense Supplements and Inflammation TI  - Evaluation of Frankincense Essential Oil Supplements on Markers of Inflammation and Cellular Health
A Multicenter, Randomized, Double-blind, Parallel Controlled Clinical Study on the Efficacy and Safety of Compound E Jiao Jiang(cEJJ）in the Treatment of Postpartum Anemia; Participants will be randomly assigned (like flipping a coin) to either the trial group or the control group (with a 50% chance of being assigned to either group), where the trial group will receive the compound E Jiao Jiang(cEJJ） + ferrous succinate tablet, and the control group will receive the compound E Jiao Jiang(cEJJ）placebo + ferrous succinate tablet. The compound E Jiao Jiang(cEJJ）placebo is the same/similar to the compound E Jiao Jiang(cEJJ） in terms of appearance, smell and taste, but has no therapeutic effect.And participants need to return to the research center on time for relevant examinations according to the protocol requirements. AN  - NCT06175117 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Clinical Study on the Treatment of Postpartum Anemia With Compound E Jiao Jiang(cEJJ） TI  - A Multicenter, Randomized, Double-blind, Parallel Controlled Clinical Study on the Efficacy and Safety of Compound E Jiao Jiang(cEJJ）in the Treatment of Postpartum Anemia
Dementias and Microbiota Composition: Is Possible to Revert the Dementia Symptoms Reverting the Microbiota Composition?; The main objective of DEM-BIOTA project is to improve the knowledge of the relationship between microbiota and dementia. DEM-BIOTA will explore the microbiota differences between dementias: AD, LBDs, that includes: Parkinson disease dementia (PDD) and Lewy Body Dementia (LBD) and FTD-behavioral variant, also in Mild Cognitive Impairment (MCI) to study the progression; in our context (Mediterranean diet and lifestyle) and characterize them in relation to neurocognitive and neuropsychiatric symptoms as well as patient functionality (dependency level). Moreover, the capacity of a probiotic compound in reverting or improving neurocognitive and neuropsychiatric symptoms and patient functionality in a sample of AD patients will be also studied. AN  - NCT05943925 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Dementias and Microbiota Composition: Is Possible to Revert the Dementia Symptoms Reverting the Microbiota Composition? (DEM-BIOTA) TI  - Dementias and Microbiota Composition: Is Possible to Revert the Dementia Symptoms Reverting the Microbiota Composition?
Assessment of Comorbidities in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) in European Symptomatic Subjects From Primary Care; This is a prospective, observational, non-drug interventional, non-randomized study to compare the rate of moderate-severe COPD exacerbations in patients of all Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) severities with and without cardiovascular diseases. A total study population of 3330 subjects will be recruited by general practitioners (GPs) and assessed over a 27 month time frame. AN  - NCT01516528 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Assessment of Comorbidities in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) in European Symptomatic Subjects From Primary Care (ACCESS) TI  - Assessment of Comorbidities in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) in European Symptomatic Subjects From Primary Care
Antibiotic Treatment foLlowing Surgical drAinage of Perianal abScess; the ATLAS Trial, a Double-blind, Placebo-controlled, Randomized Trial; For this study, patients are asked to take part in a study comparing the addition of antibiotic treatment to surgical drainage of perianal abscess. Patients will not be burdened by extra hospital visits. At baseline participants will complete PRO questionnaires. Also at 1 week and 3, 6 and 12 months participants will fulfill the PRO questionnaires. These will be send to them by email and will take approximately 10 minutes each time. AN  - NCT05385887 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Antibiotic Treatment foLlowing Surgical drAinage of Perianal abScess; the ATLAS Trial (ATLAS) TI  - Antibiotic Treatment foLlowing Surgical drAinage of Perianal abScess; the ATLAS Trial, a Double-blind, Placebo-controlled, Randomized Trial
Characterization of Circulating Extracellular Vesicles/Exosomes as New Predictive Biomarkers in Stroke Patients; The combination of rehabilitation protocols and regenerative therapies offers the outstanding opportunity to promote and enhance the endogenous regenerative and repair processes occurring in tissues damaged or lost due to injury, disease, or age. Still, one of the main hurdles in the clinical approach to regenerative rehabilitation is the lack of easily accessible and sensitive biomarkers for the evaluation of rehabilitation and therapy efficacy. Extracellular vesicles (EVs) are nanoscaled vesicles that mediate intercellular communication among organs. EVs were shown to be involved in the onset, progression and resolution of many disorders, being also used as valuable tool in the regenerative medicine field. However, the initial enthusiastic approach to EVs has been hindered in its transfer to clinics because of technological obstacles related to their dimensions and to their limited amount. The present project proposes the application of a Surface Plasmon Resonance imaging (SPRi)-based biosensor for the detection and characterization of blood EVs from stroke patients, before and after rehabilitation. After the successful SPRi detection of EVs of different cellular origin (brain and non-brain cells), the quantification of specific surface molecules related to pathological or regeneration processes will be accomplished. If successful, the project will 1) demonstrate the ability of the SPRi biosensor to reveal differences in the relative amount of specific cell-derived EV subpopulations and in their cargo during disease progression and rehabilitation induced recovery, 2) provide support for using the proposed SPRi-based biosensor for the detection and characterization of circulating EVs in order to evaluate the efficacy of rehabilitation protocols and regenerative therapies, 3) identify new biomarkers for the profiling of stroke patients to personalize the rehabilitation therapies. AN  - NCT05370105 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Extracellular Vesicles as Stroke Biomarkers (EXO4STROKE) TI  - Characterization of Circulating Extracellular Vesicles/Exosomes as New Predictive Biomarkers in Stroke Patients
Proof of Concept Assessment of the Performance of Artificial Intelligence-driven Transcutaneous Vagal Nerve Stimulation (tVNS) Algorithm for Somatic Pain; We hypothesised that the development of pain, including somatic pain and visceral pain, could be predicted by analysing heart rate pattern by artificial intelligence (AI). In this proof of concept study, we evaluate the detection rate of pain by the AI analysis of heart rate pattern. We also evaluate the effect of tVNS on the pain threshold. AN  - NCT05215756 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Accuracy and Efficacy of AI-driven tVNS Algorithm TI  - Proof of Concept Assessment of the Performance of Artificial Intelligence-driven Transcutaneous Vagal Nerve Stimulation (tVNS) Algorithm for Somatic Pain
Eosinophil-driven Corticotherapy for Patients Hospitalized for COPD Exacerbation: a Double-blind, Randomized, Controlled Trial; Finally, in prevision of further exploratory studies, a biological collection and an imaging library will be created in association with this protocol. The biological collection will be used to explore the genetic basis and physiology linked with treatment response, gender and patient trajectories. The image library will be used as a platform for the exploration of new imaging markers developed, for example, via machine learning and affiliated techniques. AN  - NCT04234360 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Eosinophil-driven Corticotherapy for Patients Hospitalized for COPD Exacerbation (eo-Drive) TI  - Eosinophil-driven Corticotherapy for Patients Hospitalized for COPD Exacerbation: a Double-blind, Randomized, Controlled Trial
Performance of Antibiotic Impregnated Calcium Sulfate: A Prospective Randomized Controlled Trial; This is a multi-centered, prospective, randomized controlled trial comparing current standard of care for defect management to placement of antibiotic loaded Stimulan as a bone void filler in patients undergoing treatment of infected tibial defects or infected tibial nonunions. AN  - NCT03875963 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Antibiotic Loaded Calcium Sulfate RCT TI  - Performance of Antibiotic Impregnated Calcium Sulfate: A Prospective Randomized Controlled Trial
Prosthesis Versus Active Exercise Program in Patients With Glenohumeral Osteoarthritis Eligible For Shoulder Arthroplasty: the ProAct Multicenter, Randomized Controlled Trial; Anatomical total shoulder arthroplasty (TSA) is a well-established treatment for pronounced glenohumeral osteoarthritis. However, the effectiveness of TSA has not been compared to non-surgical treatment in a randomised controlled trial. Shoulder exercises may be an effective treatment for reducing pain and improving function in glenohumeral osteoarthritis. The primary aim of this trial is to examine if TSA followed by standard postsurgical rehabilitation is superior to a 12-week exercise programme in patients with primary glenohumeral OA eligible for unilateral TSA. We hypothesise that surgical intervention followed by standard rehabilitation, results in clinically relevant (18-point, on a scale from 0-100) improvement compared to the exercise intervention. AN  - NCT04845074 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Prosthesis Versus Active Exercise Program in Patients With Glenohumeral Osteoarthritis (PROACT) TI  - Prosthesis Versus Active Exercise Program in Patients With Glenohumeral Osteoarthritis Eligible For Shoulder Arthroplasty: the ProAct Multicenter, Randomized Controlled Trial
A Comparative Study of Efficacy and Safety of Lornoxicam Versus Etoricoxib After Total Knee Arthroplasty; The purpose of this study is to assess efficacy and safety of lornoxicam compared with that of etoricoxib after total knee replacement. AN  - NCT02750917 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Lornoxicam Versus Etoricoxib in Postoperative Pain After Total Knee Arthroplasty TI  - A Comparative Study of Efficacy and Safety of Lornoxicam Versus Etoricoxib After Total Knee Arthroplasty
Efficacy of Dezocine for the Prevention of Catheter-related Bladder Discomfort; This study evaluates the efficacy of dezocine in preventing the catheter-related bladder discomfort (CRBD) in a postanesthesia care unit (PACU). AN  - NCT03147066 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Dezocine for Prevention of Catheter-related Bladder Discomfort TI  - Efficacy of Dezocine for the Prevention of Catheter-related Bladder Discomfort
Effects of a Long-term Home-based Exercise Training Program Using Minimal Equipment vs Usual Care in COPD Patients: A Multicenter Randomized Controlled Trial; The aim of this study is to assess the effectiveness of a home-based exercise training program in COPD patients who did not participate in an inpatient or outpatient rehabilitation program within the last 2 years. AN  - NCT03654092 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Home-based Exercise Training for COPD Patients (HOMEX-2) TI  - Effects of a Long-term Home-based Exercise Training Program Using Minimal Equipment vs Usual Care in COPD Patients: A Multicenter Randomized Controlled Trial
Is There Any Analgesic Benefit From Preoperative vs. Postoperative Etoricoxib Administration in Total Knee Arthroplasty?; Evaluation of the efficacy of preemptive versus postoperative administration of etoricoxib in total knee arthroplasty (TKA). AN  - NCT02534610 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Analgesic Benefit of Preoperative vs. Postoperative Etoricoxib in Total Knee Arthroplasty TI  - Is There Any Analgesic Benefit From Preoperative vs. Postoperative Etoricoxib Administration in Total Knee Arthroplasty?
Granulocyte Colony Stimulating Factor Therapy In Decompensated Cirrhosis Of Liver: A Double Blinded Single Centre Randomised Controlled Trial; In view of the conflicting results of the above studies and no studies on the use of multiple courses of GCSF in patients with decompensated cirrhosis in a double blind manner, the present study was undertaken to assess the safety and efficacy of G-CSF in patients with decompensated cirrhosis in the form of a double blinded RCT. AN  - NCT03911037 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - GCSF Therapy in Decompensated Cirrhosis - A Double Blinded RCT TI  - Granulocyte Colony Stimulating Factor Therapy In Decompensated Cirrhosis Of Liver: A Double Blinded Single Centre Randomised Controlled Trial
Evaluation of Efficacy and Tolerance of Fludrocortisone (Flucortac) in the Treatment of Orthostatic Neurogenic Hypotension; To evaluate the efficacy of a 4-week fludrocortisone (FLU) treatment on systolic blood pressure depression after 5 minutes of active orthostatism in patients with neurogenic orthostatic hypotension (HON) symptomatic, despite treatment with non-drug measures with or without midodrine. AN  - NCT04128137 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Efficacy and Tolerance of Flucortac in Patients With Orthostatic Neurogenic Hypotension TI  - Evaluation of Efficacy and Tolerance of Fludrocortisone (Flucortac) in the Treatment of Orthostatic Neurogenic Hypotension
Phenol Neurolysis of Genicular Nerves for Chronic Knee Pain Following Total Knee Arthroplasty: a Pilot Prospective, Randomized, Crossover Trial; Chemical neurolysis of genicular nerves with phenol will provide equal or superior pain relief than corticosteroid genicular nerve injections at 3 months, as measured by the Oxford Knee Score. AN  - NCT03973177 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Phenol Neurolysis of Genicular Nerves for Chronic Knee Pain TI  - Phenol Neurolysis of Genicular Nerves for Chronic Knee Pain Following Total Knee Arthroplasty: a Pilot Prospective, Randomized, Crossover Trial
Biofeedback and Hydrogen Water as Treatments for Chronic Fatigue Syndrome; The aim of this 10-week pilot study is to explore the potential benefit of two recently developed non-invasive interventions, heart rate variability biofeedback (HRV-BF) and OTC supplement hydrogen water, for the symptoms of chronic fatigue syndrome (CFS). Symptom measures and heart monitoring information will be generated by this study. Given the lack of effective treatments in this illness, these two non-invasive home-based treatments may help patients feel and function better. AN  - NCT05397626 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Biofeedback and Hydrogen Water as Treatments for Chronic Fatigue Syndrome TI  - Biofeedback and Hydrogen Water as Treatments for Chronic Fatigue Syndrome
A Phase 2, Open-Label, Randomized Trial Evaluating the Impact of Enhanced Versus Standard Dermatologic Management on Selected Dermatologic Adverse Events Among Patients With Locally Advanced or Metastatic EGFR-Mutated NSCLC Treated First-Line With Amivantamab + Lazertinib; The purpose of this study is to evaluate whether enhanced dermatologic management can reduce incidence of grade greater than or equal to (>=) 2 dermatologic adverse events of interest (DAEIs) when compared with standard-of-care skin management in participants with locally advanced or metastatic stage IIIB/C-IV epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)-mutated non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) treated first-line with amivantamab and lazertinib. AN  - NCT06120140 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Enhanced Dermatological Care to Reduce Rash and Paronychia in Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor (EGRF)-Mutated Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) Treated First-line With Amivantamab Plus Lazertinib (COCOON) TI  - A Phase 2, Open-Label, Randomized Trial Evaluating the Impact of Enhanced Versus Standard Dermatologic Management on Selected Dermatologic Adverse Events Among Patients With Locally Advanced or Metastatic EGFR-Mutated NSCLC Treated First-Line With Amivantamab + Lazertinib
Multicenter, Open-Label Study to Assess the Effectiveness and Safety of FLECTOR Patch for Treatment of Acute Back Strain; Although approved for minor strains, sprains and contusions, FLECTOR Patch has not been studied extensively in the setting of acute back strain. This study is being conducted as an initial step in demonstrating the benefit of FLECTOR Patch specifically for back strain. In particular, this study is expected to provide information about the amount of improvement in back strain among subjects using the FLECTOR Patch, which may then be used to inform subsequent studies. AN  - NCT01054820 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study to Assess the Effectiveness and Safety of FLECTOR Patch for Treatment of Acute Back Strain TI  - Multicenter, Open-Label Study to Assess the Effectiveness and Safety of FLECTOR Patch for Treatment of Acute Back Strain
BonE and Joint Infections - Simplifying Treatment in Children Trial; This is a multi- centre trial of children with bone and joint infections (BJIs) at eight major paediatric hospitals in Australia and New Zealand. The primary objective is to establish if in children with acute, uncomplicated BJIs, entirely oral antibiotic treatment is not inferior to initial intravenous (IV) treatment for 1 to 7 days followed by an oral antibiotic course in achieving full recovery 3 months after presentation. Children will be randomly allocated to the 'entirely oral antibiotic' group or the 'standard treatment' group. AN  - NCT04538053 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - BonE and Joint Infections - Simplifying Treatment in Children Trial (BEST) TI  - BonE and Joint Infections - Simplifying Treatment in Children Trial
A Placebo-controlled, Randomized, Double-blind Comparison of Placebo vs Short Course Low Dose Corticosteroids on Posttraumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD); The purpose of this study is to investigate if a 2-wk course of 20mg/day of oral prednisone in addition to standard care will result in reduced PTSD symptoms or symptom severity compared to placebo AN  - NCT00204737 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Short Course Glucocorticoid Treatment for PTSD TI  - A Placebo-controlled, Randomized, Double-blind Comparison of Placebo vs Short Course Low Dose Corticosteroids on Posttraumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD)
Use of Peripheral Blood Mononuclear Cells as biOmarkers of diaBetic cardIomyopathy; Type 2 diabetes (T2D), especially when associated with metabolic syndrome (MS) is at high risk to develop heart failure with preserved ejection fraction (HFpEF) or heart failure with mildly reduced ejection fraction (HFmrEF), and the specific impact of T2D+MS in cardiac function impairment is usually known as "diabetic cardiomyopathy" (DC). Cardiac remodelling (ie hypertrophy) and subtle myocardial dysfunction are highly prevalent in T2D+MS but not specific enough to predict further HFpEF or HFmrEF. Also, current biomarkers can identify but do not predict HFpEF or HFmrEF in T2D patients; Furthermore, specific biomarkers are needed. Peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) obtained from a peripheral blood sample can provide insights from calcic and inflammatory pathways, and may identify more specific molecular signatures shared between T2D+MS and HFpEF. AN  - NCT05651919 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - PBMC as Biomarkers of Diabetic Cardiomyopathy (MOBI) TI  - Use of Peripheral Blood Mononuclear Cells as biOmarkers of diaBetic cardIomyopathy
A Phase 2 Open-Label Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Ustekinumab, a Human Monoclonal Anti-IL-12/IL-23 Antibody, in Patients With Behçet Disease; The purpose of this study is to evaluate the proof of concept of efficacy of ustekinumab in subjects with Behçet disease, including patients with oral ulcers (STELABEC-1) and patients with active posterior uveitis or panuveitis (STELABEC-2) AN  - NCT02648581 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Efficacy and Safety of Ustekinumab, a Human Monoclonal Anti-IL-12/IL-23 Antibody, in Patients With Behçet Disease (STELABEC) TI  - A Phase 2 Open-Label Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Ustekinumab, a Human Monoclonal Anti-IL-12/IL-23 Antibody, in Patients With Behçet Disease
A Randomized, Open-label, Pilot Study to Evaluate the Fecal Microbiota Transplantation (FMT) in the Treatment of Ulcerative Colitis; The study is to evaluate the safety, feasibility, and preliminary efficacy of frozen FMT delivery via retention enema compared to lyophilized powder given in oral capsules as induction FMT in subjects with active UC. This study will also determine changes in microbiome (diversity and genera) and proportion of antibody-coated microbiota from baseline to after completion of FMT. AN  - NCT05786404 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study to Evaluate the Fecal Microbiota Transplantation (FMT) in the Treatment of Ulcerative Colitis TI  - A Randomized, Open-label, Pilot Study to Evaluate the Fecal Microbiota Transplantation (FMT) in the Treatment of Ulcerative Colitis
Pre-emptive Scalp Infiltration With Dexamethasone Plus Ropivacaine for Post-Craniotomy Pain in Children; At present, pediatric postoperative analgesia has not been fully understood and controlled, particularly craniotomy surgery. On the one hand, professional evaluation of postoperative pain for young children is difficult; on the other hand, the particularity of craniotomy adds (such as consciousness obstacle, sleepiness, et al) disturbance to the pain assessment in children. Although opioids administration is regarded as the first-line analgesic for post-craniotomy pain management, it may be associated with delayed awakening, respiratory depression, hypercarbia and it may interfere with the neurologic examination. For the avoidance of side-effects of systemic opioids, local anesthetics administered around the incision have been performed clinically. However, some studies revealed that the analgesic effect of local anesthetics was unsatisfactory due to its short pain relief duration, steroid as adjuvant can enhance postoperative analgesia and prolong postoperative analgesia time. As is reported that postoperative pain of craniotomy is mainly caused by skin incision and reflection of muscles, preventing the liberation of inflammatory mediators around the incision seems to be more effective than simply blocking nerve conduction. Researchers have clarified that the addition of dexamethasone to local infiltration of analgesia could provide significant analgesic effects and significantly prolong the duration of analgesic effects without obvious complications for various types of surgeries. To date, no studies have evaluated the addition of dexamethasone to local infiltration for patients receiving craniotomy. Thus, investigators suppose that pre-emptive scalp infiltration with steroid (Dexamethasone) plus local anesthetic (ropivacaine) could relieve postoperative pain after craniotomy in children. AN  - NCT04051723 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Pre-emptive Scalp Infiltration With Dexamethasone Plus Ropivacaine for Post-Craniotomy Pain in Children TI  - Pre-emptive Scalp Infiltration With Dexamethasone Plus Ropivacaine for Post-Craniotomy Pain in Children
Short-term Astaxanthin Supplementation Enhances Cycling Performance and Attenuates Exhaustive Exercise-induced Muscle Damage and Oxidative Stress in Young Healthy Adults: A Randomized Controlled Trial; Ten young, healthy, physically active male college students were crossed over for AST or placebo supplements randomized into placebo or AST trials and orally consumed placebo or AST (28 mg/d) supplements for four days. Short-term AST supplementation enhanced endurance performance and effectively reversed cycling challenge-induced muscle damage and lipid peroxidation. AN  - NCT06593535 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Evaluation of Astaxanthin Properties on Anti-fatigue TI  - Short-term Astaxanthin Supplementation Enhances Cycling Performance and Attenuates Exhaustive Exercise-induced Muscle Damage and Oxidative Stress in Young Healthy Adults: A Randomized Controlled Trial
A Phase 2 Open-Label, Multicenter Study Evaluating The Safety And Efficacy of Axicabtagene Ciloleucel Concomitant With Prophylactic Steroids In Subjects With Relapsed Or Refractory Large B-Cell Lymphoma In The Outpatient Setting; The goal of this clinical study is to learn more about the study drug, axicabtagene ciloleucel, in participants with relapsed or refractory large B-cell lymphoma (LBCL) in the outpatient setting. AN  - NCT05459571 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study of Axicabtagene Ciloleucel Given With Steroids In Participants With Relapsed Or Refractory Large B-Cell Lymphoma (ZUMA-24) TI  - A Phase 2 Open-Label, Multicenter Study Evaluating The Safety And Efficacy of Axicabtagene Ciloleucel Concomitant With Prophylactic Steroids In Subjects With Relapsed Or Refractory Large B-Cell Lymphoma In The Outpatient Setting
A Double-Blind, Double-Dummy, Two-Way Cross-Over, Randomised, Phase II Study of Efficacy, Safety and Tolerability of Modified-Release Hydrocortisones: Chronocort® Versus Plenadren®, in Adrenal Insufficiency; This study is a double-blind, double-dummy, two-way cross-over, randomised, Phase II study to be conducted at approximately 6 investigational sites in 2 countries. The study will compare the efficacy, safety and tolerability of twice daily Chronocort, a modified-release hydrocortisone, with once daily Plenadren, a modified-release hydrocortisone, over a treatment period of up to 2 months in participants aged 18 years and over, diagnosed with primary Adrenal Insufficiency (AI). AN  - NCT05222152 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Chronocort Versus Plenadren Replacement Therapy in Adults With Adrenal Insufficiency (CHAMPAIN) TI  - A Double-Blind, Double-Dummy, Two-Way Cross-Over, Randomised, Phase II Study of Efficacy, Safety and Tolerability of Modified-Release Hydrocortisones: Chronocort® Versus Plenadren®, in Adrenal Insufficiency
Psychosocial Factors and Postoperative Pain in Aesthetic Breast Surgery: a Prospective Observational Study; This study seeks to enhance understanding of psychological influences on postoperative pain, potentially improving pain management protocols for aesthetic surgery patients. AN  - NCT06707818 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Psychosocial Factors and Postoperative Pain in Aesthetic Breast Surgery TI  - Psychosocial Factors and Postoperative Pain in Aesthetic Breast Surgery: a Prospective Observational Study
Effect of Probiotics on Central Nervous System Functions in Humans; The gut-brain axis is described as being important in both, gut functions and central nervous system (CNS) functions. The microbiota in the gut plays an important role in this axis through neural, immune and endocrine systems. Previous studies have found altered gut microbiota (GM) composition could change the CNS functions in animals and humans. Probiotics were shown having positive effect on improving stress response in animals and stress related psychiatry in humans. The current study will investigate if probiotics can improve response to social stress in healthy participants and patients with irritable bowel syndrome (IBS), which is a stress-related disease, and whether this probiotic action can be counteracted by the locally acting antibiotic, Rifaximin. The investigators will use the Cyberball paradigram to induce social stress and magnetoencephalography (MEG) to record neural responses related to the social stress. The administration of the probiotics will be a new strategy for both the mental health management and treatment of gastrointestinal (GI) disorders in the future. AN  - NCT02793193 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effect of Probiotics on Central Nervous System Functions in Humans TI  - Effect of Probiotics on Central Nervous System Functions in Humans
Mechanisms of Psychosocial Treatments for Chronic Pain; Exploratory Objective: Researchers will test if (1) higher baseline levels of catastrophizing are associated with a positive response to the CT intervention, (2) lower baseline levels of activity are associated with a positive response to AS, and (3) higher baseline levels of non-judgment are associated with a positive response to MM. AN  - NCT03687762 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Back on Track to Healthy Living Study (BOT) TI  - Mechanisms of Psychosocial Treatments for Chronic Pain
Comparative Study of the Efficacy of a Cognitive-Behavioral Therapy for Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder With or Without D-Cycloserine; The purpose of this study is to investigate if the effectiveness of cognitive-behavioral therapy for post-traumatic stress disorder can be increased by combining it with D-cycloserine (TCC/D-cycloserine) by comparing with a placebo (TCC/placebo). AN  - NCT00452231 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - RCT of CBT Combined With D-Cycloserine for Treating PTSD TI  - Comparative Study of the Efficacy of a Cognitive-Behavioral Therapy for Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder With or Without D-Cycloserine
Cuantificación de la Disfunción Inmunitaria Inducida Por la Enfermedad Crítica Mediante el Estudio de un Panel de Genes y Moléculas Implicadas en la Sinapsis Inmunológica y su Utilidad Pronóstica; To answer these questions, the investigators will prospectively study a population of critically ill patients, defined by the presence of organ failure. The investigators will analyse a panel of genes and molecules involved in immunological synapse, using peripheral blood samples at different moments of the evolution of critical illness. Based on the analysis, the investigators will classify the patients' functional immune status and correlate it with the outcomes. AN  - NCT05954260 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Immune Dysfunction in Critical Illness: Utility of a Panel of Genes and Molecules Involved in the Immunological Synapse (EFIMERO) TI  - Cuantificación de la Disfunción Inmunitaria Inducida Por la Enfermedad Crítica Mediante el Estudio de un Panel de Genes y Moléculas Implicadas en la Sinapsis Inmunológica y su Utilidad Pronóstica
A PHASE 3, RANDOMIZED, DOUBLE BLIND, CONTROLLED, MULTI CENTER STUDY OF THE ANALGESIC EFFICACY AND SAFETY OF TANEZUMAB ADDED ON TO DICLOFENAC SR IN PATIENTS WITH OSTEOARTHRITIS OF THE KNEE OR HIP; The purpose of this study is to investigate the analgesic efficacy and safety of tanezumab added on to diclofenac SR in patients with osteoarthritis of the knee or hip currently experiencing partial benefit from, and are tolerating, diclofenac 150 mg/day therapy. AN  - NCT00864097 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Analgesic Efficacy And Safety of Tanezumab Added On To Diclofenac SR In Patients With Osteoarthritis Of The Knee Or Hip TI  - A PHASE 3, RANDOMIZED, DOUBLE BLIND, CONTROLLED, MULTI CENTER STUDY OF THE ANALGESIC EFFICACY AND SAFETY OF TANEZUMAB ADDED ON TO DICLOFENAC SR IN PATIENTS WITH OSTEOARTHRITIS OF THE KNEE OR HIP
Faecal Microbiota Transplantation as Means of Preventing Recurrent Urinary Tract Infections; This study investigates Faecal microbiota transplantation (FMT) in prevention of recurrent urinary tract infections (UTIs) caused either by sensitive E. coli or ESBL-E. coli. AN  - NCT06050148 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Faecal Microbiota Transplantation as Means of Preventing Recurrent Urinary Tract Infections (FMT-UTI) TI  - Faecal Microbiota Transplantation as Means of Preventing Recurrent Urinary Tract Infections
Prophylactic Antibiotic Coated Nail to Prevent Infection: A Clinical Trial; This prospective randomized clinical trial will compare outcomes between patients treated primarily with a prophylactic antibiotic coated nail and those treated with traditional standard of care intramedullary (IM) nailing. AN  - NCT05421741 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Prophylactic Antibiotic Coated Nail to Prevent Infection: A Clinical Trial TI  - Prophylactic Antibiotic Coated Nail to Prevent Infection: A Clinical Trial
A Phase II Study of Lenalidomide, Ixazomib, Dexamethasone, and Daratumumab in Transplant-Ineligible Patients With Newly Diagnosed Multiple Myeloma; Arm B: 12 cycles of lenalidomide, ixazomib, daratumumab and dexamethasone, followed by lenalidomide, ixazomib, and daratumumab until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity or a maximum of 2 years maintenance therapy. AN  - NCT04009109 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study of Lenalidomide/Ixazomib/Dexamethasone/Daratumumab in Transplant-Ineligible Patients With Newly Diagnosed MM TI  - A Phase II Study of Lenalidomide, Ixazomib, Dexamethasone, and Daratumumab in Transplant-Ineligible Patients With Newly Diagnosed Multiple Myeloma
Cardiovascular Improvements With Minute Ventilation-targeted ASV Therapy in Heart Failure (CAT-HF); The aim of the study is to compare the effects of MV targeted ASV in addition to optimized medical therapy versus optimized medical therapy alone at 6 months in patients with acute decompensated HF. The study will also assess changes in functional parameters, biomarkers, quality of life (QOL), and sleep. AN  - NCT01953874 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Cardiovascular Improvements With MV ASV Therapy in Heart Failure (CAT-HF) TI  - Cardiovascular Improvements With Minute Ventilation-targeted ASV Therapy in Heart Failure (CAT-HF)
Pre-emptive Scalp Infiltration With Ropivacaine Plus Methylprednisolone vs Ropivacaine Alone for Relief of Postoperative Pain After Craniotomy in Children (RP/MP vs RP); At present, pediatric postoperative analgesia has not been fully understood and controlled, particularly craniotomy surgery. On the one hand, professional evaluation of postoperative pain for young children is difficult; on the other hand, the particularity of craniotomy adds (such as consciousness obstacle, sleepiness, et al) disturbance to the pain assessment in children. Although opioids administration is regarded as the first-line analgesic for post-craniotomy pain management, it may be associated with delayed awakening, respiratory depression, hypercarbia and it may interfere with the neurologic examination. For the avoidance of side-effects of systemic opioids, local anesthetics administered around the incision have been performed clinically. However, some studies revealed that the analgesic effect of local anesthetics was unsatisfactory due to its short pain relief duration, steroid as adjuvant can enhance postoperative analgesia and prolong postoperative analgesia time. As is reported that postoperative pain of craniotomy is mainly caused by skin incision and reflection of muscles, preventing the liberation of inflammatory mediators around the incision seems to be more effective than simply blocking nerve conduction. Thus, investigators suppose that pre-emptive scalp infiltration with steroid (Methylprednisolone) plus local anesthetic (ropivacaine) could relieve postoperative pain after craniotomy in children. AN  - NCT03636165 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Scalp Infiltration With Methylprednisolone Plus Ropivacaine for Post-Craniotomy Pain in Children TI  - Pre-emptive Scalp Infiltration With Ropivacaine Plus Methylprednisolone vs Ropivacaine Alone for Relief of Postoperative Pain After Craniotomy in Children (RP/MP vs RP)
Impact of Adrenal IncidenTalomas and Possible Autonomous Cortisol Secretion on Cardiovascular and Metabolic Alterations (ITACA Study); The investigators hypothesize that cardiovascular and metabolic alterations can occur in patients with adrenal adenomas and possible Autonomous Cortisol Secretion (pACS). Investigators hypothesize that adrenalectomy in selected patients, following the 2016 ECE guidelines, can improve metabolic parameters and cardiovascular risks and features. AN  - NCT04127552 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Impact of Adrenal IncidenTalomas and Possible Autonomous Cortisol Secretion on Cardiovascular and Metabolic Alterations (ITACA) TI  - Impact of Adrenal IncidenTalomas and Possible Autonomous Cortisol Secretion on Cardiovascular and Metabolic Alterations (ITACA Study)
The Effect of Central Sensitization on the Treatment Success of Ultrasound-Guided Caudal Epidural Steroid Injection in Radicular Pain in Patients With Failed Back Surgery Syndrome; The Effect of Central Sensitization in Radicular Pain in Patients with Failed Low Back Surgery Syndrome on Treatment Success of Ultrasound-Guided Caudal Epidural Steroid Injection AN  - NCT06508918 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Effect of Central Sensitization in Radicular Pain in Patients With Failed Low Back Surgery Syndrome TI  - The Effect of Central Sensitization on the Treatment Success of Ultrasound-Guided Caudal Epidural Steroid Injection in Radicular Pain in Patients With Failed Back Surgery Syndrome
A Phase 2b, Randomized, Double Blind, Placebo Controlled Active Comparator, Multicenter Study To Compare 5 Dose Regimens Of CP- 690,550 And Adalimumab Versus Placebo, Administered For 6 Months In The Treatment Of Subjects With Active Rheumatoid Arthritis; The purpose of this study is to determine the effectiveness and safety, over 6 months, of 5 doses of CP-690,550 for the treatment of adults with active rheumatoid arthritis. Five out of seven subjects will receive CP-690,550. One out of seven will receive adalimumab (Humira®) and one out of seven will only receive inactive substances (placebo.) AN  - NCT00550446 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Phase 2 Study For Patients With A Physician's Diagnosis Of Rheumatoid Arthritis TI  - A Phase 2b, Randomized, Double Blind, Placebo Controlled Active Comparator, Multicenter Study To Compare 5 Dose Regimens Of CP- 690,550 And Adalimumab Versus Placebo, Administered For 6 Months In The Treatment Of Subjects With Active Rheumatoid Arthritis
A Prospective Randomized Trial to Assess Fixation Strategies for Severe Open Tibia Fractures:Modern Ring External Fixators Versus Internal Fixation; The purpose of this study is to compare the use of modern ring external fixation versus internal fixation for fracture stabilization of severe open tibia fractures. AN  - NCT01494519 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Assessment of Fixation Strategies for Severe Open Tibia Fractures (FIXIT) TI  - A Prospective Randomized Trial to Assess Fixation Strategies for Severe Open Tibia Fractures:Modern Ring External Fixators Versus Internal Fixation
The Evaluation of Injection Site Pain and Adherence in Patients Switching From a Low To High Concentration Adalimumab (AVT-02) Across Multiple Indications.; The phase IV study is an observational, pan-Canadian, multidisciplinary study aiming to enroll 600 patients across 50-70 sites across 3 different Therapeutic Areas (GI, Rheum, Derm). AN  - NCT05913817 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Evaluation of Injection Site Pain and Adherence in Patients Switching From a Low To High Concentration Adalimumab (AVT-02) Across Multiple Indications. (EASE PAIN) TI  - The Evaluation of Injection Site Pain and Adherence in Patients Switching From a Low To High Concentration Adalimumab (AVT-02) Across Multiple Indications.
Mechanisms of Psychosocial Treatments on Opioid Use in Chronic Pain; This project will increase our understanding of the mechanisms underlying changes in opioid medication use associated with three psychosocial chronic pain (CP) treatments. These treatments are: (1) Cognitive Therapy (CT), (2) Mindfulness Meditation (MM), and (3) Activation Skills (AS). The sample will be adults with CP who are at risk of opioid misuse. The purpose of this study is to understand the specific ways these treatments work for reducing opioid use. In addition, the investigators are interested in examining moderators of treatment response. The findings will potentially inform the future streamlining of psychosocial treatments, as well as the development of algorithms for matching individuals with CP who are at risk for opioid misuse to the specific treatment most likely to efficiently optimize benefit. AN  - NCT03916276 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Living in Full Even With Pain Study (LIFE) TI  - Mechanisms of Psychosocial Treatments on Opioid Use in Chronic Pain
Comparison of the Efficacy of Dry Needling and Balneotherapy in the Treatment of Myofascial Pain Syndrome; The aim of this study is to compare the effectiveness of dry needling and balneotherapy, which has been used in the treatment of myofascial pain syndrome for many years. AN  - NCT04261296 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Comparison of the Efficacy of Dry Needling and Balneotherapy in the Treatment of Myofascial Pain Syndrome TI  - Comparison of the Efficacy of Dry Needling and Balneotherapy in the Treatment of Myofascial Pain Syndrome
A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo- and Active-Controlled, Phase 3 Study Evaluating the Efficacy and Safety of Baricitinib in Patients With Moderately to Severely Active Rheumatoid Arthritis Who Have Had an Inadequate Response to Methotrexate Therapy; The purpose of this study is to determine whether baricitinib is superior to placebo in the treatment of participants with moderately to severely active Rheumatoid Arthritis (RA) who have had an inadequate response to methotrexate (MTX) treatment. AN  - NCT01710358 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study in Moderate to Severe Rheumatoid Arthritis (RA-BEAM) TI  - A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo- and Active-Controlled, Phase 3 Study Evaluating the Efficacy and Safety of Baricitinib in Patients With Moderately to Severely Active Rheumatoid Arthritis Who Have Had an Inadequate Response to Methotrexate Therapy
The AP-GELP Study: A Randomized, Placebo-Controlled Clinical Trial on the Effects of Phosphodiesterase 4-Inhibitor Apremilast in Female Genital Erosive Lichen Planus; Genital erosive lichen planus (GELP) is a chronic inflammatory disease causing painful genital sores and scarring in women. Treatment options are limited and often unsatisfactory. This trial will study the effects of treatment with apremilast and quality of life and sexual function in women with GELP. AN  - NCT03656666 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The AP-GELP Study: A Clinical Trial on the Effects of Apremilast in Female Genital Erosive Lichen Planus TI  - The AP-GELP Study: A Randomized, Placebo-Controlled Clinical Trial on the Effects of Phosphodiesterase 4-Inhibitor Apremilast in Female Genital Erosive Lichen Planus
Post-marketing Observational Study to Evaluate the Effect of HUMIRA (Adalimumab) Treatment With AbbVie's Patient Support Program on Patient Reported Outcomes and Health Resource Utilization in Inflammatory Arthritis, Psoriasis and Inflammatory Bowel Diseases in Hungary in a Real-life Setting: VALUE; The objective of this post-marketing observational study (PMOS) was to evaluate the effectiveness of adalimumab plus the AbbVie Care 2.0 patient support program in participants with rheumatoid arthritis (RA), ankylosing spondylitis (AS), psoriatic arthritis (PsA), psoriasis (Ps), Crohn's disease (CD) or ulcerative colitis (UC) in the routine clinical setting in Hungary. AN  - NCT02750800 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Post-marketing Observational Study to Evaluate the Incremental Impact of AbbVie's Patient Support Program on Patient Reported Outcomes and Health Resource Utilization in Inflammatory Arthritis, Psoriasis and Inflammatory Bowel Diseases in Hungary (VALUE) (VALUE) TI  - Post-marketing Observational Study to Evaluate the Effect of HUMIRA (Adalimumab) Treatment With AbbVie's Patient Support Program on Patient Reported Outcomes and Health Resource Utilization in Inflammatory Arthritis, Psoriasis and Inflammatory Bowel Diseases in Hungary in a Real-life Setting: VALUE
Gag Therapy for Recurrent Urinary Tract Infection Assessing Comparability to International Nitrofurantoin Gold Standard Study; The GT RACING is a study comparing the efficacy of HA-CS bladder installations with prophylactic antibiotics in the prevention of recurrent urinary tract infections (rUTI). AN  - NCT05652374 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Gag Therapy for Recurrent Urinary Tract Infection Assessing Comparability to International Nitrofurantoin Gold Standard Study (GT RACING) TI  - Gag Therapy for Recurrent Urinary Tract Infection Assessing Comparability to International Nitrofurantoin Gold Standard Study
WISE Ancillary Study Data Analyses: Efficacy of Hormone Replacement on Myocardial Ischemia in Postmenopausal Women With Normal/Minimal Coronary Artery Disease: Data Analysis; The ancillary data analysis project duration: April 2006 - March 2010. AN  - NCT00600106 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Data Analyses for Ancillary WISE Femhrt Hormone Replacement Study TI  - WISE Ancillary Study Data Analyses: Efficacy of Hormone Replacement on Myocardial Ischemia in Postmenopausal Women With Normal/Minimal Coronary Artery Disease: Data Analysis
Mannitol Cream in the Treatment of Post-herpeticNeuralgia;a Randomized Placebo-Controlled Crossover Pilot Study; 30% mannitol cream has shown its ability to reduce the activation of the Capsaicin (TRPV1) (Transient Receptor Potential Vanilloid 1) receptor, a likely cause of the pain of post-herpetic neuralgia (PHN). This randomized placebo-controlled crossover study compares PHN pain one week before, for one week on the randomly assigned mannitol versus placebo cream and, after a three day washout, for one week on the other cream. Following this crossover study, participants receive mannitol cream for three months. Pain levels will be checked to assess whether continued use of this cream significantly reduces the pain levels associated with PHN. If pain persists beyond 3 months, participants will be offered mannitol and menthol cream for one month following which their pain levels will be checked. AN  - NCT02484170 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Mannitol Cream for Post Herpetic Neuralgia (MannitolPHN) TI  - Mannitol Cream in the Treatment of Post-herpeticNeuralgia;a Randomized Placebo-Controlled Crossover Pilot Study
Differential Health Effects on Inflammatory, Immunological and Stress Parameters in Professional Soccer Players and Sed-entary Individuals After Consuming a Synbiotic. A Triple Blind-ed, Randomized, Placebo-controlled Pilot Study; The main objective of this research was to carry out an experimental study, triple blind, on the possible immunophysiological effects of a nutritional supplement (Synbiotic, Gasteel Plus®, Heel España S.A.U.), containing a mixture of probiotic strains, such as Bifidobacterium lactis CBP-001010, Lactobacillus rhamnosus CNCM I-4036, Bifidobacterium longum ES1, as well as prebi-otic fructooligosaccharides, in both professional athletes and sedentary people. The effects on some inflammatory/immune (IL-1β, IL-10, and immunoglobulin A) and stress (epinephrine, nore-pinephrine, dopamine, serotonin, CRH, ACTH, and cortisol) biomarkers were evaluated, determined by flow cytometer and ELISA. The effects on metabolic profile and physical activity, as well as on various parameters that could affect physical and mental health, were also evaluated via the use of accelerometry and validated questionnaires. AN  - NCT04776772 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Health Parameters in Soccer Players and Sedentary Individuals After Consuming a Synbiotic TI  - Differential Health Effects on Inflammatory, Immunological and Stress Parameters in Professional Soccer Players and Sed-entary Individuals After Consuming a Synbiotic. A Triple Blind-ed, Randomized, Placebo-controlled Pilot Study
Outcomes Mandate National Integration With Cannabis as Medicine; This will be a multistate, multicenter clinical study to determine the efficacy and safety of medical cannabis for a wide variety of chronic medical conditions. AN  - NCT03944447 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Outcomes Mandate National Integration With Cannabis as Medicine (OMNI-Can) TI  - Outcomes Mandate National Integration With Cannabis as Medicine
A Phase III Randomized Open-label Multi-center Study of Ruxolitinib vs. Best Available Therapy in Patients With Corticosteroid-refractory Chronic Graft vs Host Disease After Allogeneic Stem Cell Transplantation (REACH3); The purpose of this study is to assess the efficacy of ruxolitinib against best available therapy in participants with steroid-refractory chronic graft-versus-host disease (SR cGvHD). AN  - NCT03112603 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study of Ruxolitinib vs Best Available Therapy (BAT) in Patients With Steroid-refractory Chronic Graft vs. Host Disease (GvHD) After Bone Marrow Transplantation (REACH3) TI  - A Phase III Randomized Open-label Multi-center Study of Ruxolitinib vs. Best Available Therapy in Patients With Corticosteroid-refractory Chronic Graft vs Host Disease After Allogeneic Stem Cell Transplantation (REACH3)
Physical Rehabilitation of Older Persons Following a Community-Acquired Infection Hospitalization: a Feasibility Study; The aim of the feasibility study is to evaluate a patient-centered and individualized exercise intervention that is kick-started during hospitalization and continued for 3 months after discharge with video-supervised home-based exercise training to patients hospitalized with CAP or UTI compared to standard care with regard to safety, clinical outcomes, patients' perception, functional ability, organizational aspects, and economic aspects. AN  - NCT06689280 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Physical Rehabilitation of Older Persons Following a Community-Acquired Infection Hospitalization: a Feasibility Study (REHAB-CAI) TI  - Physical Rehabilitation of Older Persons Following a Community-Acquired Infection Hospitalization: a Feasibility Study
Recovery From Acute Immune Failure in Septic Shock by Immune Cell Extracorporeal Therapy; This may contribute to the improvement of the impaired organ function of septic shock patients by assisting the impaired immune system (immune competence enhancement = ARTICE) AN  - NCT05442710 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Recovery From Acute Immune Failure in Septic Shock by Immune Cell Extracorporeal Therapy (ReActiF-ICE) TI  - Recovery From Acute Immune Failure in Septic Shock by Immune Cell Extracorporeal Therapy
A Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo- and Active-controlled, Multicenter, Phase 3 Study to Assess the Efficacy and Safety of Filgotinib Administered for 52 Weeks in Combination With Methotrexate to Subjects With Moderately to Severely Active Rheumatoid Arthritis Who Have an Inadequate Response to Methotrexate; The primary objective of this study is to evaluate the effects of filgotinib versus placebo for the treatment of signs and symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis (RA) as measured by the percentage of participants achieving an American College of Rheumatology 20% improvement response (ACR20) at Week 12. AN  - NCT02889796 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Filgotinib in Combination With Methotrexate in Adults With Moderately to Severely Active Rheumatoid Arthritis Who Have an Inadequate Response to Methotrexate (FINCH 1) TI  - A Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo- and Active-controlled, Multicenter, Phase 3 Study to Assess the Efficacy and Safety of Filgotinib Administered for 52 Weeks in Combination With Methotrexate to Subjects With Moderately to Severely Active Rheumatoid Arthritis Who Have an Inadequate Response to Methotrexate
A Randomised, Double Blind, Placebo-Controlled Study to Investigate the Analgesic Efficacy of a Single Dose of AZD1940, in Patients Undergoing Impacted Mandibular Third Molar Extraction; The primary aim of this study is to investigate if AZD1940 can relieve the pain induced by the surgical removal of one lower wisdom-tooth. This will be done by comparing the effect of AZD1940 to placebo ("inactive substance") on pain. A number of patients will instead receive the common painkiller naproxen for comparison purposes. Rescue medication, acetaminophen, will be allowed if a need for additional painkillers would arise. A number of patients will receive Naproxen as control. AN  - NCT00659490 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study to Investigate the Analgesic Efficacy of a Single Dose of AZD1940 TI  - A Randomised, Double Blind, Placebo-Controlled Study to Investigate the Analgesic Efficacy of a Single Dose of AZD1940, in Patients Undergoing Impacted Mandibular Third Molar Extraction
Treatment of Subacromial Shoulder Pain by Individual or Group Physiotherapy Following Corticosteroid Injection; The aim of this study is therefore to examine the clinical effectiveness and provide an economic analysis of individual versus group physiotherapy, following corticosteroid injection, for management of Subacromial Impingement (SAI) of the shoulder. AN  - NCT04058522 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Treatment of Subacromial Shoulder Pain by Individual or Group Physiotherapy Following Corticosteroid Injection TI  - Treatment of Subacromial Shoulder Pain by Individual or Group Physiotherapy Following Corticosteroid Injection
A Prospective Study of Enhanced Recovery After Surgery in Orthopaedic Spine Surgery: Administration of Preoperative Oral Versus Intravenous Medications; This study aims to determine the impact and effect of enhanced recovery after surgery (ERAS) principles in the recovery and rehabilitation of patients following elective orthopaedic spine surgery with a specific emphasis on oral versus intravenous preoperative medication administration and the resultant cost differences. AN  - NCT04562610 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Enhanced Recovery After Surgery in Orthopaedic Spine Surgery (ERAS) TI  - A Prospective Study of Enhanced Recovery After Surgery in Orthopaedic Spine Surgery: Administration of Preoperative Oral Versus Intravenous Medications
A Randomized, Double-blind, Crossover, Placebo-controlled Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Hydrogen-oxygen Mixed Gas in the Treatment of Insomnia; The purpose of this study is to evaluate the efficacy and safety of hydrogen-oxygen mixed gas inhalation in the treatment of insomnia. AN  - NCT05248360 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Hydrogen-oxygen Mixed Gas in the Treatment of Insomnia TI  - A Randomized, Double-blind, Crossover, Placebo-controlled Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Hydrogen-oxygen Mixed Gas in the Treatment of Insomnia
A Multi-center Randomized Controlled Trial of Efficacy and Safety of Intravenous Ketamine for Chronic Daily Headaches: The KetHead Study; Our study aims to prospectively assess the efficacy and safety of high-dose intravenous ketamine infusions compared to saline infusions in participants with CDH syndrome. AN  - NCT05306899 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Multi-center RCT of IV Ketamine Efficacy and Safety in Chronic Daily Headaches (KetHead) TI  - A Multi-center Randomized Controlled Trial of Efficacy and Safety of Intravenous Ketamine for Chronic Daily Headaches: The KetHead Study
A Trial to Determine the Effect of Psoriasis Treatment on Cardiometabolic Disease; This study will also assess the effect of adalimumab (Humira), when compared to NB-UVB phototherapy or placebo injection on psoriasis activity and severity. The study will also compare the safety of adalimumab (Humira) to NB-UVB phototherapy or placebo injection. This study will also evaluate subjects' reported outcomes through a questionnaire that will assess quality-of-life in subjects living with psoriasis. AN  - NCT01553058 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Vascular Inflammation in Psoriasis Trial (The VIP Trial) (VIP) TI  - A Trial to Determine the Effect of Psoriasis Treatment on Cardiometabolic Disease
The Effects and Dose Response of Dexamethasone on Intercostal Nerve Blocks With Bupivicaine in Post Thoracic Surgery Patients; The investigators study aims to assess whether the addition of perineural dexamethasone (a steroid) to the current practice of local anaesthetic wound catheters increases the efficacy and duration of analgesia provided. AN  - NCT02936427 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effects and Dose Response of Dexamethasone on Intercostal Blocks With Bupivicaine in Post Thoracic Surgery Patients TI  - The Effects and Dose Response of Dexamethasone on Intercostal Nerve Blocks With Bupivicaine in Post Thoracic Surgery Patients
Intrapapillary Botulinum Toxin Injection for PREvention of Post-surgical PAncREactic Fistula; A recent phase I/II prospective study has shown promising results in this indication, with no clinically relevant pancreatic fistula when botulinum toxin was injected. Based on this observation we hypothesize that intrapapillary botulinum toxin injection during an endoscopic procedure before surgery could be effective for the prevention of post-surgical pancreatic fistula AN  - NCT04220931 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Intrapapillary Botulinum Toxin Injection for PREvention of Post-surgical PAncREactic Fistula (PREPARE) TI  - Intrapapillary Botulinum Toxin Injection for PREvention of Post-surgical PAncREactic Fistula
Study of the Microbiological Profile of Stool in Patients With Anorexia Nervosa; Anorexia nervosa is an eating disorder whose symptomatology induces a modification of the intestinal microbiota. To date, studies have shown variable profiles without linking them to metabolic and neuropsychological energy phenotyping. This intestinal dysbiosis could be involved in the maintenance of the disorders. Bidirectional communication channels exist between the microbiota, the intestine and the brain. Anomalies in these pathways could explain the impact of the microbiota on the pathophysiology of anorexia nervosa. Therapeutic interventions would then be possible to restore the microbiota in anorexia nervosa and influence the treatment of this disease. This study aims to explore the hypothesis of disruption of the microbiota-intestinal-brain axis transversely and measuring the intestinal microbiota, urinary metabolome, biological factors nutritional, immunological and physiological plasma plasma of the intestine, and finally, the psychological dimensions characteristic of anorexia nervosa. AN  - NCT03736642 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study of the Microbiological Profile of Stool in Patients With Anorexia Nervosa (ANOSTOOL) TI  - Study of the Microbiological Profile of Stool in Patients With Anorexia Nervosa
Simultaneous Versus Sequential Fractional CO2 Laser and Subcision Combination for Post-acne Atrophic Scars: A Split-face Comparative Study.; Upon completion of this study, the investigators will have (a) compared the treatment outcome of simultaneously versus sequentially combined fractional CO2 laser plus subcision based on ECCA clinical grading score, patient satisfaction, and skin thickness via high-frequency ultrasonography; and (b) compared the incidence and duration of adverse events in simultaneous versus sequential treatment. Optimizing the combination of different interventions will contribute to more efficacious and economical treatment protocols for post-acne atrophic scars. AN  - NCT05688202 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Simultaneous Versus Sequential Fractional CO2 Laser and Subcision Combination for Post-acne Atrophic Scars: A Split-face Comparative Study. TI  - Simultaneous Versus Sequential Fractional CO2 Laser and Subcision Combination for Post-acne Atrophic Scars: A Split-face Comparative Study.
Investigation of Cannabis for Pain and Inflammation in Lung Cancer; The goal of this study is to perform a double-blind, placebo-controlled study to investigate the efficacy of cannabis, compared to placebo, in participants undergoing RT (Radiation Therapy) for lung cancer. Cannabis that has a high concentration of cannabidiol will be used , which is a cannabinoid that does not change perception or produce intoxication, and low in Δ-9-THC. In this way, the hope is to maximize the benefit of cannabis, while lowering the possible side effects of cannabis in medically ill participants. AN  - NCT02675842 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Investigation of Cannabis for Pain and Inflammation in Lung Cancer TI  - Investigation of Cannabis for Pain and Inflammation in Lung Cancer
Phase 2a, Double-blind, Randomized, Placebo-controlled Trial of Methylprednisolone Versus Placebo in Patients With Cognitive Deficits in Post-COVID-19 Syndrome (PCS); This clinical trial aims to learn about the therapeutic value of Methylprednisolone, a well-known immunosuppressant, on cognitive deficits in patients with post-COVID-19 syndrome (PCS). The main questions it aims to answer are: 1) Does Methylprednisolone improve memory function in PCS patients compared to placebo? 2) Does Methylprednisolone improve other patient centered outcomes in PCS patients such as fatigue, mood and quality of life compared to placebo? 3)What are the side effects of Methylprednisolone in this patient population, and how common are they? Participants in this study will be patients with PCS and cognitive deficits, who will be asked to participate for 52 weeks. They will be randomly assigned to one of two groups: One group will receive Methylprednisolone once daily for six weeks, with a dosage reduction after week 4. The other group will receive a matching placebo once daily for six weeks, following the same titration regimen to ensure blinding. Participants will attend outpatient follow-up visits in weeks 8 and 20, with a final telephone follow-up after 52 weeks. Clinical examinations and safety monitoring will be conducted during the treatment phase. This study's results may help develop more effective therapies for this condition. AN  - NCT05986422 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Methylprednisolone in Patients With Cognitive Deficits in Post-COVID-19 Syndrome (PCS) TI  - Phase 2a, Double-blind, Randomized, Placebo-controlled Trial of Methylprednisolone Versus Placebo in Patients With Cognitive Deficits in Post-COVID-19 Syndrome (PCS)
A Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled Medication Trial With D-Cycloserine for Individuals With Obsessive-compulsive Disorder Currently Receiving Behavior Therapy; This study examines the efficacy of the medication D-Cycloserine in the reduction of obsessions and compulsions in individuals with obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD). All study participants will receive Exposure and Response Prevention, a common form of behavior therapy for individuals with OCD. Half (50%) of the participants will be randomly assigned to the placebo condition and the other half (50%) will be randomly assigned to receive D-Cycloserine. Because all participants will receive 10 sessions of behavior therapy, all participants are expected to improve from this treatment. AN  - NCT00126282 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Medication Trial Combined With Behavior Therapy for Individuals With Obsessive-compulsive Disorder TI  - A Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled Medication Trial With D-Cycloserine for Individuals With Obsessive-compulsive Disorder Currently Receiving Behavior Therapy
Catatonia: Effectiveness of Transcranial Direct Current Electrostimulation (CATATOES); Nearly 10% of people hospitalized in psychiatry have a catatonic syndrome. The treatment of this syndrome is based on lorazepam and electro-convulsive therapy (ECT) in drug-resistant forms. ECT is the reference therapy, very effective in catatonia, but remain difficult to access due to the technical platform required for their realization, leading to delays in the implementation of the treatment responsible for an increase in the morbidity and mortality of catatonia. In this context, a new therapeutic tool available in the treatment of drug-resistant catatonia would improve the prognosis of catatonia. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is an alternative, non-invasive brain stimulation technique that does not require anesthesia, and inexpensive and has been shown to be effective in depression and schizophrenia. A series of clinical cases suggests its potential efficacy in catatonia. Our objective is to evaluate the efficacy of tDCS in catatonia in a clinical trial. AN  - NCT06139432 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Catatonia: Effectiveness of Transcranial Direct Current Electrostimulation (CATATOES) (CATATOES) TI  - Catatonia: Effectiveness of Transcranial Direct Current Electrostimulation (CATATOES)
Use of Home-based Connected Devices to Early Detect and Treat Pulmonary Exacerbations: Feasibility and Clinical Validity in CF Patients; Design: 3 phase multicenter study in 36 CF patients aged >=12 years. Phase 1, patients are equipped during 3 months with CDs. PP and PRP to estimate CUSUM parameters are collected. In phase 2, patient's personalized educational plan to manage alerts is built. In phase 3, PP and PRP are collected during 12 months. Clinical validity, change in patients clinical data, quality of Life/Anxiety-Depression/Satisfaction, patients and teams' acceptance and adherence are assessed. AN  - NCT03304028 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - MUCOviscidose EXacerbation Outils Connectés Education Thérapeutique (MucoExocet) TI  - Use of Home-based Connected Devices to Early Detect and Treat Pulmonary Exacerbations: Feasibility and Clinical Validity in CF Patients
A Pilot Study Examining the Gut Microbiota in Patients With Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder vs. Healthy Controls and Following 12-weeks of Open-label Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitors Treatment; This study will examine the gut microbiota and serum inflammatory markers in patients with Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder vs. healthy controls. Phase II of the study will examine the gut microbiota and cytokine levels following 12-weeks of treatment with Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitors (SSRIs). AN  - NCT02285699 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Gut Microbiota in Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder TI  - A Pilot Study Examining the Gut Microbiota in Patients With Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder vs. Healthy Controls and Following 12-weeks of Open-label Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitors Treatment
The Influence of Epigenetic Modification in OPRM1 on Postoperative Analgesia and Side Effect Induced by μ-opioid Receptor Agonists; To explore the epigenetic mechanism of postoperative analgesia and side effect induced by μ-opioid Receptor Agonists presented with sufentanil among general population. AN  - NCT03135795 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Epigenetic Modification in OPRM1 on Postoperative Analgesia and Side Effect Induced by Sufentanil TI  - The Influence of Epigenetic Modification in OPRM1 on Postoperative Analgesia and Side Effect Induced by μ-opioid Receptor Agonists
Reducing Gastrointestinal Bleeding With Proton Pump Inhibitor Therapy in Acute Venous Thromboembolism: Pilot Randomized Study (RADIANT Study); The investigators are studying whether treatment with a proton pump inhibitor called omeprazole reduces gastrointestinal bleeding in older adults taking blood thinners for a blood clot (venous thromboembolism). The purpose of this study, a pilot study or a feasibility study, is to test the study plan and determine whether enough participants will join a larger study and accept the study procedures. AN  - NCT06393868 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Reducing Gastrointestinal Bleeding With Proton Pump Inhibitor Therapy in Acute Venous Thromboembolism TI  - Reducing Gastrointestinal Bleeding With Proton Pump Inhibitor Therapy in Acute Venous Thromboembolism: Pilot Randomized Study (RADIANT Study)
A Swiss Multi-center, Randomized, Placebo-controlled Trial on the Efficacy of Baloxavir Marboxil to Reduce Time to Clinical Improvement in Adult Patients Hospitalized for Influenza; - Answer to a short quality of life questionnaire on the phone 3 months after receiving the study treatment. AN  - NCT06653569 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Efficacy of Baloxavir Against Influenza in Hospitalized Patients: the INFLUENT Study (INpatients InFLUENza Treatment) (INFLUENT) TI  - A Swiss Multi-center, Randomized, Placebo-controlled Trial on the Efficacy of Baloxavir Marboxil to Reduce Time to Clinical Improvement in Adult Patients Hospitalized for Influenza
5, 6 or 7 Year Follow-up Control After the SCHEDULE Study (SCANDINAVIAN HEART TRANSPLANT EVEROLIMUS DE NOVO STUDY WITH EARLY CNI AVOIDANCE); The major aim of this extension study was to evaluate the long-term effect (i.e. 5 to 7 years) of early initiation of everolimus and early elimination of CsA compared to standard immunosuppressive regimen including CsA on primary and secondary endpoints investigated in the SCHEDULE (NCT01266148) main study. AN  - NCT02864706 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - SCHEDULE Follow Up Visit 5-7 yr (CRAD001ANO05) TI  - 5, 6 or 7 Year Follow-up Control After the SCHEDULE Study (SCANDINAVIAN HEART TRANSPLANT EVEROLIMUS DE NOVO STUDY WITH EARLY CNI AVOIDANCE)
Therapeutic Effects of Mesalamine and Amitriptyline in IBS: a Randomized Clinical Trial; 3. Observation of Helsinki ethical statement AN  - NCT02190526 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effects of Mesalamine and Amitriptyline on Irritable Bowel Syndrome TI  - Therapeutic Effects of Mesalamine and Amitriptyline in IBS: a Randomized Clinical Trial
Efficacy of Preoperative Pregabalin on the Post-caesarean Pain; a Dose-response Study; This placebo-controlled study aims to compare the effects of preoperative administrations of single oral doses of pregabalin 150 mg and 300 mg on the postoperative pain scores, cumulative patient controlled morphine consumptions, neonatal Apgar and neurologic and adaptive capacity scores (NACS), and maternal and neonatal adverse effects in parturients scheduled to elective Cesarean delivery under spinal anesthesia. AN  - NCT01719705 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effects of Pregabalin on Post-cesarean Pain TI  - Efficacy of Preoperative Pregabalin on the Post-caesarean Pain; a Dose-response Study
Effect of Depo-Medrol Application on the Psoas Muscle After Transpsoas LLIF on Post-operative Hip Flexor Weakness, Thigh Pain and Numbness; The goal of this study is to determine the effects of a corticosteroid administered to the psoas muscle following a transpsoas lateral lumbar interbody fusion (LLIF) on postoperative hip flexor weakness and thigh pain and numbness. AN  - NCT05929755 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Depo-Medrol on Psoas After LLIF TI  - Effect of Depo-Medrol Application on the Psoas Muscle After Transpsoas LLIF on Post-operative Hip Flexor Weakness, Thigh Pain and Numbness
Efficacy of Opioid-free Anesthesia in Reducing Postoperative Respiratory Depression in Children Undergoing Tonsillectomy: a Pilot Study; The objective of this trial is to determine whether an opioid-free general anesthetic (OFA) technique utilizing ketamine, dexmedetomidine, lidocaine, and gabapentin can help reduce postoperative respiratory depression in the post-anesthesia care unit and ward in children with sleep-disordered breathing undergoing tonsillectomy when compared with traditional opioid-containing techniques. It is expected that this OFA regimen will have a measurable reduction on postoperative respiratory depression in children with sleep-disordered breathing. AN  - NCT02987985 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Efficacy of Opioid-free Anesthesia in Reducing Postoperative Respiratory Depression in Children Undergoing Tonsillectomy TI  - Efficacy of Opioid-free Anesthesia in Reducing Postoperative Respiratory Depression in Children Undergoing Tonsillectomy: a Pilot Study
Post Operative Analgesia Using the Transverse Abdominal Plan (TAP) Block in Patients Undergoing a Radical Retropubic Prostatectomy (RRP); The researchers propose to investigate a relatively new anesthetic procedure, in order to maximize patient comfort and minimize the use of narcotics after a radical prostatectomy. AN  - NCT00913068 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Postoperative Pain Control for Prostatectomy (TAP) TI  - Post Operative Analgesia Using the Transverse Abdominal Plan (TAP) Block in Patients Undergoing a Radical Retropubic Prostatectomy (RRP)
Prospective Epidemiological Study To Evaluate The Clinical Utility Of Acupuncture In The Treatment Of Back Pain (Study PUCTURE-CV); The purpose of this study is to evaluate prospectively the effectiveness of acupuncture as adjunctive therapy in the treatment of spinal pain is the three backbone areas: cervical, thoracic and lumbar pain, under conditions of usual clinical practice as the medical acupuncturist performed acupuncture, with and without supplementary pharmacological treatment during the first 4 weeks of follow up. AN  - NCT01231425 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Prospective Study of Clinical Utility of Acupuncture in Back Pain (PUCTURE-CV) TI  - Prospective Epidemiological Study To Evaluate The Clinical Utility Of Acupuncture In The Treatment Of Back Pain (Study PUCTURE-CV)
A Prospective, Blinded, Randomised Clinical Trial of Fludrocortisone Compared With Placebo in Critically Ill Patients Presenting With Aneurysmal Subarachnoid Haemorrhage; The study aim is to determine if early administration of enteral fludrocortisone in aneurysmal subarachnoid haemorrhage reduce death and dependency at six months. AN  - NCT06409364 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - FLudrocortisone Administration in Aneurysmal Subarachnoid Haemorrhage (FLASH) TI  - A Prospective, Blinded, Randomised Clinical Trial of Fludrocortisone Compared With Placebo in Critically Ill Patients Presenting With Aneurysmal Subarachnoid Haemorrhage
Effects of an Association of the Two Bifidobacteria Probiotics Bifidobacterium Breve B632 and Bifidobacterium Breve BR03 in Intestinal Bacterial Colonization and in the Prevention and/or Reduction of the Incidence of Colics in Infants; Psychosocial: Infant colics may be more frequent with an instable psychosocial family environment. Maternal stress, anxiety, and depression are important risk factors.8 Breastfeeding: The difference between breastfeeding and bottlefeeding for colicky infants is controversial. Many studies have shown contrasting results,17 but the majority of the authors agree to attribute an important role to bottlefeeding. 9 A melatonin role was assumed too. This hormone is not secreted in infants, but only in adults, and has a hypnotic and relaxing role on the gastrointestinal smooth muscle. Its concentration shows a clear circadian rhythm, with a pick during night hours. Its presence in breast milk may be related to the lower occurrence of colics in breastfed infants compared with the bottle-fed infants.9 Recent literature shows an increasing attention toward probiotics,10 for the intestinal microbiota modulation. Some Lactobacillus reuteri strains were studied, with contrasting results in different studies; other probiotics as bifidobacteria showed in vitro anti-inflammatory properties and the ability to inhibit coliforms growth, whose presence is significant in colicky infants. Some probiotics exert a direct action on the bacterial growth, through bacteriocins production and final fermentation products.11 Bifidobacterium breve was isolated from healthy infants' feces.12 Aloisio et al13 tested in vitro ability of this strain and of other 45 bifidobacteria strains to oppose the growth of several microorganisms such as E. coli, S. enteriditis, C. difficile, K. pneumoniae, and Enterobacter cloacae. B. breve BR03, in a randomized clinical study, proved to have a beneficial effect on constipation in adults, it also seemed effective for the reduction of gas formation and for abdominal distension, and no side effects were shown during the treatment, while the beneficial effects lasted for up to 15 days after the end of the treatment.14,15 Both bifidobacteria strains showed, during an in vitro study, the ability to oppose 4 strains of E. coli; in particular, BR03 displayed an activity against E. coli O157:H7, an enterohemorrhagic strain that through Shiga toxin causes a potentially lethal infection.16 AN  - NCT03219931 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - NEOBIFI: Clinical Trial for the Prevention and/or Reduction of the Incidence of Colics in Infants (NEOBIFI) TI  - Effects of an Association of the Two Bifidobacteria Probiotics Bifidobacterium Breve B632 and Bifidobacterium Breve BR03 in Intestinal Bacterial Colonization and in the Prevention and/or Reduction of the Incidence of Colics in Infants
Clinical Trial to Evaluate the Effect of East-West Collaborative Medicine on Chronic Cervical Pain: a Pilot Study; The purpose of this study is to assess the effect of East-West collaborative medicine on chronic cervical pain. AN  - NCT01205958 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Effect of East-West Collaborative Medicine on Chronic Cervical Pain TI  - Clinical Trial to Evaluate the Effect of East-West Collaborative Medicine on Chronic Cervical Pain: a Pilot Study
A Phase III, Randomized, Open-label, 3-arm Study to Determine the Efficacy and Safety of Lenalidomide(REVLIMID) Plus Low-dose Dexamethasone When Given Until Progressive Disease or for 18 Four-week Cycles Versus the Combination of Melphalan, Prednisone, and Thalidomide Given for 12 Six-week Cycles in Patients With Previously Untreated Multiple Myeloma Who Are Either 65 Years of Age or Older or Not Candidates for Stem Cell Transplantation.; The purpose of this study is to compare the safety and efficacy of Lenalidomide plus low dose dexamethasone to that of the combination of melphalan, prednisone and thalidomide. AN  - NCT00689936 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study to Determine Efficacy and Safety of Lenalidomide Plus Low-dose Dexamethasone Versus Melphalan, Prednisone, Thalidomide in Patients With Previously Untreated Multiple Myeloma (FIRST) TI  - A Phase III, Randomized, Open-label, 3-arm Study to Determine the Efficacy and Safety of Lenalidomide(REVLIMID) Plus Low-dose Dexamethasone When Given Until Progressive Disease or for 18 Four-week Cycles Versus the Combination of Melphalan, Prednisone, and Thalidomide Given for 12 Six-week Cycles in Patients With Previously Untreated Multiple Myeloma Who Are Either 65 Years of Age or Older or Not Candidates for Stem Cell Transplantation.
Weight Loss in Parkinson's Disease and the Potential Role of Small Bowel Bacterial Overgrowth; The potential role of small bowel bacterial overgrowth (SBBO) in weight loss occurring in patients with Parkinson's Disease (PD) has not previously been examined. Our hypothesis was that SBBO is an important contributor to the development of weight loss in individuals with PD. The investigators proposed to 1) examine the role of SBBO in weight loss occurring in patients with PD and 2) determine the response to its treatment with a poorly absorbed antibiotic. The investigators performed a prospective, observational case-control study (Part 1) with an open-label therapeutic component (Part 2). Cases were defined as those PD patients who experienced significant weight loss while Controls were defined as those PD patients who did not experience significant weight loss. AN  - NCT01662791 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Weight Loss in Parkinson's Disease and Role of Small Bowel Bacterial Overgrowth TI  - Weight Loss in Parkinson's Disease and the Potential Role of Small Bowel Bacterial Overgrowth
Characteristics of Cytokine Response in Patients With Temporomandibular Disorders Treated With Occlusal Splint Therapy; - to determine the effect of OS on treatment outcomes, pain intensity, dysfunction, and psychosocial status of patients with painful TMD. Participants will be asked to complete self-assessment questionnaires, and GCF and blood samples will be collected before beginning of the OS therapy and at follow-up examinations one month and two months after. AN  - NCT06043024 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Characteristics of Cytokine Response in Patients With Temporomandibular Disorders Treated With Occlusal Splint Therapy TI  - Characteristics of Cytokine Response in Patients With Temporomandibular Disorders Treated With Occlusal Splint Therapy
Effect of Whole-body Electromyostimulation Combined With Individualized Nutritional Support on Patients With Gynecological Cancer Undergoing Curative and Palliative Treatment; This study evaluates the effects of a 12-week whole-body electromyostimulation (WB-EMS) training combined with individualized nutritional support on body composition, muscle strength and function, quality of life, fatigue and Inflammatory status on patients with gynecological cancer undergoing palliative anti-cancer Treatment. Furthermore, this study assesses the effect of this combined therapeutic approach within a 3 to 4-week pre-operative study Intervention on the period of hospitalization in gynecological patients undergoing curative anti-cancer Treatment. AN  - NCT03570242 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - WB-EMS and Individualized Nutritional Support in Gynecological Cancer Patients TI  - Effect of Whole-body Electromyostimulation Combined With Individualized Nutritional Support on Patients With Gynecological Cancer Undergoing Curative and Palliative Treatment
Pilot RCT Study Using a Fitbit Device to Improve Exercise Tolerance in 80 Patients With Cystic Fibrosis; In this research study the investigators want to learn more about whether using a fitness tracker and accelerometer helps patients with cystic fibrosis exercise more regularly, and in turn whether it increases exercise tolerance over the period of one year. AN  - NCT02700243 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Increase Tolerance for Exercise and Raise Activity Through Connectedness Trial (INTERACT) TI  - Pilot RCT Study Using a Fitbit Device to Improve Exercise Tolerance in 80 Patients With Cystic Fibrosis
Evaluation of Corticosteroid Therapy in Childhood Severe Sepsis (Steroids in Paediatric Sepsis, StePS) - a Randomised Pilot Study; Sepsis plus cardiovascular organ dysfunction (the need for at least 5mcg/kg/min dopamine or dobutamine, or any amount of adrenaline or noradrenaline support), acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS), or 2 or more other organ dysfunctions. AN  - NCT00732277 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Evaluation of Corticosteroid Therapy in Childhood Severe Sepsis - a Randomised Pilot Study (StePS) TI  - Evaluation of Corticosteroid Therapy in Childhood Severe Sepsis (Steroids in Paediatric Sepsis, StePS) - a Randomised Pilot Study
Continuation of a Pilot Open-Label Study of IL 1 Trap in Adult Subjects With Autoinflammatory Diseases: A Therapeutic Approach to Study Pathogenesis; This protocol (from the NIH standpoint) is a continuation of the ongoing protocol 05-AR-0014, with a new change in study sponsor, the NIH replacing Regeneron as sponsor. this protocol therefore still contains background and procedural information that refer to patients with FMF and FCAS and or MWS and Still's disease, however only patients with Still's disease will be newly enrolled from this point on, enrollment for the FCAS and or MWS patients has already been completed and it has been decided to not enroll any more FMF patients because the number of subjects is too low to reach reasonable conclusions, in addition it has been difficult to recruit patients that are eligible. The background section and study procedures have largely been left as in the currently IRB approved protocol. AN  - NCT00094900 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Interleukin-1 Trap to Treat Autoinflammatory Diseases TI  - Continuation of a Pilot Open-Label Study of IL 1 Trap in Adult Subjects With Autoinflammatory Diseases: A Therapeutic Approach to Study Pathogenesis
Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial Comparing Opioid-Sparing and Opioid-Containing Analgesia Regimens Following Trans-sphenoidal Surgery for Pituitary Tumors; A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled intervention trial involving 100 treated subjects undergoing endonasal trans-sphenoidal (ENTS) resection of pituitary lesion. Subjects will be randomized into two groups: 50 treated in the opioid-sparing arm and 50 treated in the standard post-operative medication arm. AN  - NCT02351700 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Analgesia Regimens Following Trans-sphenoidal Surgery for Pituitary Tumors TI  - Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial Comparing Opioid-Sparing and Opioid-Containing Analgesia Regimens Following Trans-sphenoidal Surgery for Pituitary Tumors
A Phase 3 Randomized Study Comparing Teclistamab Monotherapy Versus Pomalidomide, Bortezomib, Dexamethasone (PVd) or Carfilzomib, Dexamethasone (Kd) in Participants With Relapsed or Refractory Multiple Myeloma Who Have Received 1 to 3 Prior Lines of Therapy, Including an Anti-CD38 Monoclonal Antibody and Lenalidomide; The purpose of this study is to compare the efficacy of teclistamab with PVd/Kd in Part 1 and to further characterize safety and efficacy of an alternative dosing for teclistamab in Part 2 in participants with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma. AN  - NCT05572515 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study Comparing Teclistamab Monotherapy Versus Pomalidomide, Bortezomib, Dexamethasone (PVd) or Carfilzomib, Dexamethasone (Kd) in Participants With Relapsed or Refractory Multiple Myeloma (MajesTEC-9) TI  - A Phase 3 Randomized Study Comparing Teclistamab Monotherapy Versus Pomalidomide, Bortezomib, Dexamethasone (PVd) or Carfilzomib, Dexamethasone (Kd) in Participants With Relapsed or Refractory Multiple Myeloma Who Have Received 1 to 3 Prior Lines of Therapy, Including an Anti-CD38 Monoclonal Antibody and Lenalidomide
An Open-Label Study Assessing the Addition of Subcutaneous Golimumab (GLM) to Conventional Disease-Modifying Antirheumatic Drug (DMARD) Therapy in Biologic-Naïve Subjects With Rheumatoid Arthritis (Part 1), Followed by a Randomized Study Assessing the Value of Combined Intravenous and Subcutaneous GLM Administration Aimed at Inducing and Maintaining Remission (Part 2); Part 1 of this trial will assess the safety and effectiveness of subcutaneous (SC) golimumab administered by autoinjector once monthly, when combined with different disease-modifying antirheumatic drug (DMARD) regimens used in daily rheumatology practice. Subsequently, Part 2 will study if a strategy of intravenous (IV) golimumab to induce remission followed by SC golimumab to retain remission is superior to continuing a SC regimen. AN  - NCT00975130 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Subcutaneous Golimumab (GLM) Plus DMARDs for Rheumatoid Arthritis, Followed by Intravenous/Subcutaneous GLM Strategy (P06129 AM2) (GO-MORE) TI  - An Open-Label Study Assessing the Addition of Subcutaneous Golimumab (GLM) to Conventional Disease-Modifying Antirheumatic Drug (DMARD) Therapy in Biologic-Naïve Subjects With Rheumatoid Arthritis (Part 1), Followed by a Randomized Study Assessing the Value of Combined Intravenous and Subcutaneous GLM Administration Aimed at Inducing and Maintaining Remission (Part 2)
Comparing the Analgesic Properties of Intrathecal Pethidine Plus Dexamethasone Versus Intrathecal Bupivacaine Alone for Distal Lower Extremity Orthopedic Surgeries: A Randomized Comparative Study.; Bupivacaine is commonly used as a sole agent for spinal anesthesia unlike pethidine. Pethidine (meperidine) is a unique opioid. In addition to its analgesic activity, it also has significant local anesthetic activity. This property enables it to be used as the sole agent for spinal anesthesia AN  - NCT05303311 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Intrathecal Pethidine Plus Dexamethasone for Distal Lower Orthopedic Surgeries TI  - Comparing the Analgesic Properties of Intrathecal Pethidine Plus Dexamethasone Versus Intrathecal Bupivacaine Alone for Distal Lower Extremity Orthopedic Surgeries: A Randomized Comparative Study.
Evaluation of the Analgesic Efficacy of Free Opioid Anesthesia for Patients Undergoing Colectomies and Rectal Resections: A Prospective, Randomized Controlled Clinical Trial; Methods: A prospective, randomized controlled clinical trial was performed on 98 patients who were anesthetized for colorectal surgery from December 2019 to November 2021. Patients were randomized into 2 groups: Group OA - Opioid anesthesia (n = 49): Intraoperative pain control by fentanyl; FOA group - Free-opioid anesthesia (n = 49): Intraoperative pain control by continuous infusion of lidocaine, bolus doses of ketamine combined with epidural levobupivacaine. AN  - NCT06042816 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Analgesic Efficacy of Free-opioid Anesthesia for Colorectal Surgery TI  - Evaluation of the Analgesic Efficacy of Free Opioid Anesthesia for Patients Undergoing Colectomies and Rectal Resections: A Prospective, Randomized Controlled Clinical Trial
A Non-interventional, Prospective, Cross-sectional Study of Cardiovascular Disease Progression in Survivors of Community Acquired Pneumonia and Lung Infection by Sars-Cov-2; The overall concept underpinning "Homi-lung" is to investigate the time course of host-microbiome interactions during &amp;amp;amp; after pneumonia to i) understand the causal relationship between trained immunity, microbiome dysbiosis and cardiovascular and respiratory diseases (CVRD) progressions, ii) define endotypes of pneumonia associated with response to treatment &amp;amp;amp; CVRD history; iii) develop biomarkers to predict the individual response to the treatment &amp;amp;amp; CVRD progression, and iv) preclinically validate therapeutical approaches for CVRD during &amp;amp;amp; after pneumonia. AN  - NCT06601998 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Cardiovascular Disease Progression in Survivors of Community Acquired Pneumonia and Lung Infection by Covid-19. (HOMI-LUNG CAP) TI  - A Non-interventional, Prospective, Cross-sectional Study of Cardiovascular Disease Progression in Survivors of Community Acquired Pneumonia and Lung Infection by Sars-Cov-2
A Pilot Randomised Controlled Trial to Assess the Impact on Blood Pressure Control of Empowering Patients to Become Involved in Their Own Blood Pressure Management.; While patient held guidelines for the management of chronic diseases have been employed in some countries. There is little evidence of their effectiveness in improving patient outcomes. We hypothesised that a patient held guideline on the management of hypertension combined with a specific exhortation to patients to challenge their medical care where the guidelines did not appear to have been applied would improve blood pressure control, lower average blood pressure, lower average cholesterol, increase the appropriate use of statins and aspirin, and have no impact on patient anxiety. Patients were randomised to the guideline or to standard hypertension information. Measures of anxiety were taken at baseline 2 weeks and one year, blood pressure and cholesterol was measured at one year and case notes examined to determine appropriate statin and aspirin usage. AN  - NCT00148434 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study on Impact of Patient-Held Guidelines on Blood Pressure TI  - A Pilot Randomised Controlled Trial to Assess the Impact on Blood Pressure Control of Empowering Patients to Become Involved in Their Own Blood Pressure Management.
Pilot Evaluation of a Telehealth Motivational Interviewing Intervention Targeting Adherence Behaviors in Youth With Sickle Cell Disease; Sickle cell disease (SCD) is a group of inherited blood disorders affecting 100,000 individuals in the United States. SCD often leads to complications, including pain crises and organ damage. Many individuals with SCD require medications (e.g., Hydroxyurea or Endari) that research has demonstrated reduce risk of complications and improve quality of life. Despite the need for strong medication adherence, adolescents and young adults (AYAs; 13-25 years) have the lowest adherence rates compared to other age groups. Efforts to reduce AYA non-adherence risk should include youth in earlier childhood and persist throughout the AYA developmental period, with the goal of maintaining adherence throughout childhood and young adulthood. Motivational Interviewing (MI) has been effective in increasing pediatric and adult medication adherence via in-person or telehealth delivery; however, researchers have yet to empirically evaluate MI for feasibility, acceptability, and/or efficacy in improving pediatric/AYA SCD medication adherence. The proposed feasibility trial will provide preliminary feasibility data for a newly developed MI+education intervention targeting medication adherence for pediatric and adolescents and young adults (AYA) patients who have sickle cell disease. This trial will also evaluate study design feasibility to inform a future randomized controlled trial (RCT). The investigators are interested in delivering the intervention to AYA patients and to parents of younger children who have sickle cell disease because the investigators anticipate that establishing strong adherence in younger childhood could prevent future non-adherence during the AYA developmental period. Participants will include 13-22 year-old patients with sickle cell disease as well as parents of 0-22 year-old patients with sickle cell disease. The investigators will randomize ten families to a 4-session telehealth MI+education intervention and five families to a one-session education-only control condition. All participants will complete assessments at three times. Intervention participants will complete the T2 assessment at their last intervention session (week 4-8), and the T3 assessment 16-20 weeks after study enrollment. Education arm participants will complete T2 assessments 4-8 weeks after study enrollment and will complete T3 assessments 16-20 weeks after study enrollment. Primary outcomes include intervention feasibility and acceptability and study design feasibility. AN  - NCT04877054 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Pilot Evaluation of a Motivational Interviewing Intervention Targeting Adherence Behaviors in Youth With Sickle Cell Disease TI  - Pilot Evaluation of a Telehealth Motivational Interviewing Intervention Targeting Adherence Behaviors in Youth With Sickle Cell Disease
Fecal Microbiota Transplantation in Initial Clostridioides Difficile Enteritis: a Randomized, Placebo-controlled Trial; The study explores fecal microbiota transfer via retention enema after the first clostridioides difficile episode. AN  - NCT05257538 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - FMT in Initial CDI (FinCDI) TI  - Fecal Microbiota Transplantation in Initial Clostridioides Difficile Enteritis: a Randomized, Placebo-controlled Trial
Exercise Intensity and Immune Function in Multiple Sclerosis; It is hypothesised that high intensity exercise will cause a favourable, anti-inflammatory response which will be associated with greater improvements in physical and psychological outcomes than both moderate intensity exercise and usual care. AN  - NCT02264704 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Exercise Intensity and Immune Function in Multiple Sclerosis TI  - Exercise Intensity and Immune Function in Multiple Sclerosis
Intramedullary Nailing Versus External Ring Fixation for Surgical Treatment of Tibial Shaft Fractures in Adults and Their One Year Outcome on Recovery: Study Protocol for a Pragmatic Randomized Controlled Trial (The IMVEX Trial); This study is a multicenter pragmatic assessor blinded randomized and prospective clinical trial in which standard intramedullary nailing is compared with external ring fixator for patients with tibial shaft fractures. AN  - NCT03945669 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Intramedullary Nailing vs External Ring Fixation for the Treatment of Tibial Shaft Fractures (IMVEX) TI  - Intramedullary Nailing Versus External Ring Fixation for Surgical Treatment of Tibial Shaft Fractures in Adults and Their One Year Outcome on Recovery: Study Protocol for a Pragmatic Randomized Controlled Trial (The IMVEX Trial)
A Phase 3 Randomized Study Comparing Teclistamab in Combination With Daratumumab SC and Lenalidomide (Tec-DR) and Talquetamab in Combination With Daratumumab SC and Lenalidomide (Tal-DR) Versus Daratumumab SC, Lenalidomide, and Dexamethasone (DRd) in Participants With Newly Diagnosed Multiple Myeloma Who Are Either Ineligible or Not Intended for Autologous Stem Cell Transplant as Initial Therapy; The purpose of this study is to compare the efficacy of teclistamab in combination with daratumumab and lenalidomide (Tec-DR) and talquetamab in combination with daratumumab and lenalidomide (Tal-DR) versus daratumumab, lenalidomide, dexamethasone (DRd). AN  - NCT05552222 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study of Teclistamab in Combination With Daratumumab and Lenalidomide (Tec-DR) and Talquetamab in Combination With Daratumumab and Lenalidomide (Tal-DR) in Participants With Newly Diagnosed Multiple Myeloma (MajesTEC-7) TI  - A Phase 3 Randomized Study Comparing Teclistamab in Combination With Daratumumab SC and Lenalidomide (Tec-DR) and Talquetamab in Combination With Daratumumab SC and Lenalidomide (Tal-DR) Versus Daratumumab SC, Lenalidomide, and Dexamethasone (DRd) in Participants With Newly Diagnosed Multiple Myeloma Who Are Either Ineligible or Not Intended for Autologous Stem Cell Transplant as Initial Therapy
Application of Remifentanil Target Controlled Infusion Combined With Ibuprofen Injection in Gynecologic Endoscopic Surgery of Female Motion Sickness Patients; Researchers will compare with use of target-controlled infusion combined with sufentanil to see if the incidence of nausea and vomiting is higher. AN  - NCT06232785 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Gynecologic Endoscopic Surgery of Female Motion Sickness Patients TI  - Application of Remifentanil Target Controlled Infusion Combined With Ibuprofen Injection in Gynecologic Endoscopic Surgery of Female Motion Sickness Patients
High Intensity Training and Energy Management Education vs. Standard Training and Muscle Relaxation, to Improve Quality of Life in Persons With Multiple Sclerosis, a Randomized Controlled Superiority Trial With Six Months' Follow-up; Persons with Multiple Sclerosis (PwMS) often suffer from impaired mobility and reduced aerobic capacity. Moreover, 65% of PwMS recognize fatigue as their most disabling symptom that quickly impacts patients' health-related quality of life (QoL). Systematic reviews that evaluate therapeutic options for MS-neurorehabilitation show good evidence for exercise and energy management/conservation programs to improve fatigue or its impact on daily life. Guidelines recommend a multidisciplinary approach but to date only unimodal interventions are investigated. This study aims to investigate the influence of the combination of two different therapeutic concepts: inpatient energy management education (IEME) + High-intensity interval training (HIIT). This intervention is compared with a control group that undergoes progressive muscle relaxation (PMR) + low-intensity training (ST). IEME or PMR is performed on two days (tue-thur) and HIIT or ST on three days (mo-wed-fr) / week. The primary outcome is the effect on the quality of life after three weeks rehabilitation and after returning home (at 4 and 6 months follow-up) in PwMS. AN  - NCT04356248 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Training and Energy Management Education to Improve Quality of Life in Persons With Multiple Sclerosis TI  - High Intensity Training and Energy Management Education vs. Standard Training and Muscle Relaxation, to Improve Quality of Life in Persons With Multiple Sclerosis, a Randomized Controlled Superiority Trial With Six Months' Follow-up
Randomized, Open Label, Multicenter Study Assessing The Clinical Benefit Of Isatuximab Combined With Carfilzomib (Kyprolis®) And Dexamethasone Versus Carfilzomib With Dexamethasone In Patients With Relapse And/Or Refractory Multiple Myeloma Previously Treated With 1 to 3 Prior Lines; The purpose of this study it to compare the efficacity of isatuximab when combined to carfilzomib and dexamethasone versus carfilzomib and dexamethasone in patients with multiple myeloma already treated with 1 to 3 prior lines of therapy. AN  - NCT03275285 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Multinational Clinical Study Comparing Isatuximab, Carfilzomib And Dexamethasone To Carfilzomib And Dexamethasone In Relapse And/Or Refractory Multiple Myeloma Patients (IKEMA) TI  - Randomized, Open Label, Multicenter Study Assessing The Clinical Benefit Of Isatuximab Combined With Carfilzomib (Kyprolis®) And Dexamethasone Versus Carfilzomib With Dexamethasone In Patients With Relapse And/Or Refractory Multiple Myeloma Previously Treated With 1 to 3 Prior Lines
Association of Telemonitoring With Hospitalization Rates and Quality of Life in Patients With End-stage Heart Failure and Implanted Left Ventricular Cardiac Assist Devices; The current study aims to investigate whether telemedical monitoring in patients with terminal heart failure and an implanted left ventricular assist device (LVAD) has an influence on LVAD-associated complications, hospitalization rates and quality of life. This is a prospective observational study. Patients with terminal heart failure and an implanted LVAD, where the indication for telemonitoring has already been stated by the attending physician are included in the study. Written informed consent is obtained from all patients. The telemedical monitoring is carried out by the West German Center for Applied Telemedicine (WZAT) and includes a standardized telephone interview every 3 days. In addition, all patients are equipped with an INR measuring device, a body scale and a clinical thermometer by WZAT. The data is documented in an electronic case file (medPower®). In the event of abnormalities, the West German Heart and Vascular Center (WHGZ) is contacted, and all necessary measures are initiated. AN  - NCT04613401 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Influence of Telemonitoring on the Management of LVAD-patients TI  - Association of Telemonitoring With Hospitalization Rates and Quality of Life in Patients With End-stage Heart Failure and Implanted Left Ventricular Cardiac Assist Devices
Effects of Pre-emptive Scalp Infiltration With Low-dose Ketorolac and Ropivacaine for Postoperative Pain Relief After Elective Supratentorial Craniotomy (PAINLESS): a Randomized Controlled Pilot Trial; The PAINLESS study is a single-center, prospective, randomized, open-label, blinded-endpoint (PROBE) controlled clinical pilot study to compare the efficacy and safety of pre-emptive scalp infiltration with ropivacaine plus ketorolac and ropivacaine alone for postoperative pain relief in adults undergoing elective supratentorial craniotomies. AN  - NCT04380298 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effects of Pre-emptive Scalp Infiltration With Low-dose Ketorolac and Ropivacaine for Postoperative Pain (PAINLESS) TI  - Effects of Pre-emptive Scalp Infiltration With Low-dose Ketorolac and Ropivacaine for Postoperative Pain Relief After Elective Supratentorial Craniotomy (PAINLESS): a Randomized Controlled Pilot Trial
Comparison of Femoral Nerve Block Versus Fascia Iliaca Compartment Block for Pain Control in Traumatic Femur Fracture Repair in Pediatric Population; (10,11) FICB has a wider range of anesthesia and analgesia in lower limbs compared to FNB. but the use of dilute injectate in FICB may minimize sensory and motor block than FNB. (1,16) This study will be conducted to evaluate the effects of FICB vs FNB in pain control in pediatrics undergoing femoral fracture repair surgery. AN  - NCT05882201 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Comparison of Femoral Nerve Block Versus Fascia Iliaca Compartment Block for Pain Control in Traumatic Femur Fracture Repair in Pediatric Population TI  - Comparison of Femoral Nerve Block Versus Fascia Iliaca Compartment Block for Pain Control in Traumatic Femur Fracture Repair in Pediatric Population
Effectiveness of Virtual Reality (VR) in Non-oncologic Chronic Musculoskeletal Pain: a Randomized Controlled Trial in Fibromyalgia; Comparisons between the two groups of patients will be performed using parametric or non-parametric statistical tests, based on the distribution of the variables, using the Student or Mann-Whitney t test for continuous variables, and Chi-square or Fischer, for variable dichotomous or ordinal. Any correlations will be determined through the calculation of the Odds Ratio. AN  - NCT06100926 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effectiveness of Virtual Reality (VR) in Non-oncologic Chronic Musculoskeletal Pain TI  - Effectiveness of Virtual Reality (VR) in Non-oncologic Chronic Musculoskeletal Pain: a Randomized Controlled Trial in Fibromyalgia
Glasgow Supported Self-Management Randomised Controlled Trial for Patients With Moderate/ Severe COPD - GSuST; Training patients to alter their own therapy early in the course of a developing exacerbation (self-management) has been shown to improve outcomes in asthma, but there is no good evidence on this for patients with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD). Case management, with patients having an identified contact who helps them access care when necessary, has been shown to improve outcomes in recent studies. A combined approach, called supported selfmanagement, may be particularly suitable for this socially and often educationally disadvantaged group of patients.We propose to identify 500 patients at the time of an exacerbation to test this combined strategy in a randomised manner. The primary outcome measure will be readmission to hospital or death due to COPD, important in terms of patient preferences, quality of life and health costs. This will provide important information about intermediate care for COPD patients which should influence service provision within the NHS in Scotland AN  - NCT00706303 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Glasgow Supported Self Management Trial (GSuST) (GSuST) TI  - Glasgow Supported Self-Management Randomised Controlled Trial for Patients With Moderate/ Severe COPD - GSuST
Ibuprofen 600 Mg Extended Release (er) Single-dose Dental Pain Study; The purpose of this study is to assess the efficacy and safety of a single dose of an ibuprofen 600 mg extended release formulation in post-operative dental pain. There is concern that the manufacturing process may affect the performance characteristics of the selected prototype. Therefore, two formulations of this prototype manufactured by two different processes, [roller compaction] and [wet granulation] will be included in this study. The preferred prototype manufactured by two different methods will be compared to placebo and each other. This study will also characterize the pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic relationship with these formulations. AN  - NCT00913627 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study Evaluating Ibuprofen 600 mg Extended Release (ER) For Dental Pain TI  - Ibuprofen 600 Mg Extended Release (er) Single-dose Dental Pain Study
Dexamethasone for the Prevention of Postoperative Cognitive Dysfunction in Elderly Patients Undergoing to General Anesthesia; This study aims to evaluate the possible effect of dexamethasone on prevention of cognitive dysfunction in the postoperative period of elderly patients undergoing to surgery under general anesthesia. AN  - NCT01332812 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Dexamethasone for the Prevention of Postoperative Cognitive Dysfunction TI  - Dexamethasone for the Prevention of Postoperative Cognitive Dysfunction in Elderly Patients Undergoing to General Anesthesia
Prednisolone Addition for Patients With Recent-onset Psychotic Disorder: the Role of Immune-modulating Strategies in the Treatment of Psychosis; Treatment with prednisolone can be used as a proof of concept to investigate the possibility of immune modulation as a treatment for schizophrenia. It is expected that daily treatment with prednisolone in addition to antipsychotic treatment reduces psychotic symptoms and improves cognition, as compared to placebo. The investigators propose to investigate the effects of administering the corticosteroid prednisolone versus placebo in addition to standard antipsychotic medication in patients with early stage schizophrenia or related disorders, hypothesizing that a decrease in the overall low-grade cerebral inflammation due to prednisolon treatment will be expressed as a decrease in overall symptom severity., Secondly, addition of prednisolone is hypothesised to slow down cognitive deterioration in recent-onset psychosis patients. Finally, the investigators aim to determine whether indirect immunological parameters of the hypothesised low grade inflammation status in schizophrenia are shifted due to the addition of prednisolone. AN  - NCT02949232 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Prednisolone Addition for Patients With Recent-onset Psychotic Disorder TI  - Prednisolone Addition for Patients With Recent-onset Psychotic Disorder: the Role of Immune-modulating Strategies in the Treatment of Psychosis
Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-Controlled Study on Efficacy of a Dietary Intervention With Probiotic Bacterial Strains as an Adjunct to Treatment of Small Intestinal Bacterial Overgrowth With Rifaximin; - In addition, at the visits the patient will be asked to fill out an additional questionnaire on other gastrointestinal complaints and mental health. AN  - NCT06223685 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Efficacy of Probiotics as an Adjunct to Treatment of SIBO With Rifaximin TI  - Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-Controlled Study on Efficacy of a Dietary Intervention With Probiotic Bacterial Strains as an Adjunct to Treatment of Small Intestinal Bacterial Overgrowth With Rifaximin
Prosthesis Versus Active Exercise Program in Patients With Rotator Cuff Arthropathy Eligible For Reverse Shoulder Arthroplasty: the ReAct Multicenter, Randomized Controlled Trial; Reverse shoulder arthroplasty (RSA) is a well-established treatment for rotator cuff arthropathy. However, the effectiveness of RSA has not been compared to non-surgical treatment in a randomised controlled trial. Shoulder exercises may be an effective treatment for reducing pain and improving function in glenohumeral osteoarthritis. The primary aim of this trial is to examine if RSA followed by standard postsurgical rehabilitation is superior to a 12-week exercise programme in patients with rotator cuff arthropathy eligible for unilateral RSA. The investigators hypothesise that surgical intervention followed by standard rehabilitation, results in clinically relevant (14-point, on a scale from 0-100) improvement compared to the exercise intervention. AN  - NCT04864158 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Prosthesis Versus Active Exercise Program in Patients With Rotator Cuff Arthropathy (REACT) TI  - Prosthesis Versus Active Exercise Program in Patients With Rotator Cuff Arthropathy Eligible For Reverse Shoulder Arthroplasty: the ReAct Multicenter, Randomized Controlled Trial
PALETTE- Adaptive Platform Trial for Personnalisation of Sepsis Treatment in Children and Adults: a Multi-national, Treatable Traits-guided, Adaptive, Bayesian Basket Trial"; PALETTE is a perpetual adaptive platform to efficiently study sepsis interventions within 'treatable traits' in all-ages patients enabling prompt evaluation of pandemic treatments. Treatable traits, therapeutic targets identified by phenotypes or endotypes (defined by biological mechanism or by treatment response) through validated biomarkers (measurable characteristic reflecting normal or pathogenic processes, or treatment responses), may include multi-omics, cellular, immune, metabolic, endocrine features, or intelligent algorithms. PALETTE Bayesian adaptive design enables parallel investigations of multiple interventions for sepsis, and quick inclusion of pandemic pathogens. PALETTE's new conceptual model will respond to the challenges of standard approaches, i.e. series of sepsis trials, each investigating one or two interventions, expensive, time consuming, and inappropriate in pandemic context. AN  - NCT06381661 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Adaptive Platform Trial for Personnalisation of Sepsis Treatment in Children and Adults: a Multi-national, Treatable Traits-guided, Adaptive, Bayesian Basket Trial (PALETTE) TI  - PALETTE- Adaptive Platform Trial for Personnalisation of Sepsis Treatment in Children and Adults: a Multi-national, Treatable Traits-guided, Adaptive, Bayesian Basket Trial"
The Evaluation of FeNO for Predicting Response to an Inhaled Corticosteroid in Subjects With Non-specific Respiratory Symptoms; Additionally, we would like to determine the suitability of FeNO as a diagnostic tool for asthma in comparison to conventional predictors, e.g. spirometry. AN  - NCT02294279 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Evaluation of FeNO for Predicting Response to ICS in Subjects With Non-specific Respiratory Symptoms (NSRS) TI  - The Evaluation of FeNO for Predicting Response to an Inhaled Corticosteroid in Subjects With Non-specific Respiratory Symptoms
Randomized Trial of Antimicrobials Versus Placebo in Addition to Fecal Microbiota Therapy in for the Induction of Remission in Active Ulcerative Colitis; The investigators will test the hypothesis that giving antibiotics prior to fecal transplant therapy for active UC increases the proportion of patients in remission at the end of treatment. The investigators will randomize patients aged 18 or over with active UC to antibiotics (metronidazole 500mg, doxycycline 100mg, Terbinafine 250 mg, all twice daily for two weeks); or identical placebo. At the end of two weeks the investigators will give all patients fecal transplant therapy twice per week for eight weeks from an anonymous donor stool.). Patients will complete a validated UC questionnaire, have a flexible sigmoidoscopy to assess the degree of inflammation in the colon and complete general and disease specific quality of life questionnaire as well as a questionnaire on anxiety and depression. Patients will complete the same questionnaires again at the end of treatment at week 9 when they will also have a repeat flexible sigmoidoscopy. The main outcome that will be assessed is the proportion of patients in remission from their UC at the end of treatment. AN  - NCT02606032 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Trial of Antimicrobials Versus Placebo in Addition to Fecal Transplant Therapy in Ulcerative Colitis (FMT) TI  - Randomized Trial of Antimicrobials Versus Placebo in Addition to Fecal Microbiota Therapy in for the Induction of Remission in Active Ulcerative Colitis
The Comparison of Efficacy of Manual Acupuncture and Laser Acupuncture on Autonomic Nervous Activity and Quality of Life in Women With Dysmenorrhea.; Investigators intend to investigate the efficacy of laser and manual acupuncture in dysmenorrhea, and whether their mechanism is germane to hormone alternation or autonomic nervous system adjustment. The points in this proposal are 1.evaluate the efficacy of manual/laser acupuncture in dysmenorrhea in respects of symptoms and quality of life 2. compare whether these types acupuncture will alter the prostaglandin or hormone and the relationship between with the efficacy. 3. evaluate whether the mechanism of manual and laser acupuncture is relevant to alternating the autonomic nerve activity and if not correspond to Yin-Yang theory. AN  - NCT04178226 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Efficacy of Two Types of Acupuncture on Autonomic Nervous Activity and Quality of Life in Women With Dysmenorrhea. TI  - The Comparison of Efficacy of Manual Acupuncture and Laser Acupuncture on Autonomic Nervous Activity and Quality of Life in Women With Dysmenorrhea.
A Longitudinal Observational Study of Patients With Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis (NASH) and Related Conditions Across the Entire Spectrum of Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD); TARGET-NASH is a longitudinal observational cohort study of patients being managed for NASH and related conditions across the entire spectrum NAFLD in usual clinical practice. TARGET-NASH is a research registry of patients with NAFL or NASH within academic and community real-world practices maintained in order to assess the safety and effectiveness of current and future therapies. AN  - NCT02815891 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Longitudinal Observational Study of Patients With Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis (NASH) and Related Conditions Across the Entire Spectrum of Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD) TI  - A Longitudinal Observational Study of Patients With Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis (NASH) and Related Conditions Across the Entire Spectrum of Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD)
Physical Therapy for Individuals With Chronic Pain Due to Physical and/or Emotional Trauma: A Comparison of Physical Therapy Interventions; This study will assess the effects of physical therapy (PT) for individuals who are survivors of trauma (SOT) and have chronic pain. While much has been studied about the psychological effects and treatment of trauma, little is known about the PT management of chronic pain and loss of function SOT experience. With over 24 million people in the U.S. suffering from chronic pain there are potentially high numbers of individuals living with resultant disability associated with that pain. Physical therapists are well versed in treating pain and restoring function. However, choice of PT can vary based on therapist years of experience and type or lack of PT specialization. Physical therapy has traditionally focused on a bio-medical (BIOM) approach. Some believe that the BIOM approach is ineffective in reducing chronic pain and functional loss, and that PT requires a biopsychosocial (BPS) approach, targeting central nervous system changes that occur with chronic pain. Pain education (PE) and Graded Motor Imagery (GMI) are PT interventions thought to address these brain changes, and are used by physical therapists to treat patients with phantom limb pain and Complex Regional Pain Syndrome. Most of the studies examining the effects of GMI and PE have methodological issues. Exercise is another common PT treatment and is beneficial in promoting improved function and decreasing disability for many conditions. Although PTs in clinical practice can offer all of these modalities, there is little high quality evidence to support the choice among them. This study will compare two varieties of PT: BIOM-based versus BPS-based care. Individuals with chronic pain who are referred to PT by their primary care provider or self-referred will be screened for trauma history by the PI. SOT who are seen at a community psychology center who experience chronic pain and disability will be referred to PT. Upon referral, SOT who meet the inclusion criteria will be invited to participate. SOT who consent to the study will be randomized to either the BIOM-based or the BPS-based group. All participants will undergo baseline assessment. Participants will complete 6 one-hour PT sessions once a week following their randomly assigned plan. All baseline measures will be repeated by the blinded assessor after the 6th visit; scores will be assessed to determine if there is a difference in the change in functional outcomes between the BIOM- and BPS-based groups after completion of the 6 PT sessions. AN  - NCT03933189 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Physical Therapy to Treat Chronic Pain in Survivors of Trauma TI  - Physical Therapy for Individuals With Chronic Pain Due to Physical and/or Emotional Trauma: A Comparison of Physical Therapy Interventions
Evaluation of Dietary Supplementation With Hesperidin and Proanthocyanidins on Cognitive and Motor Functions in Elderly Subjects; The aim of the study is to evaluate the contribution of dietary supplementation with Altemor® on cognitive function, balance, fatigue, and some domains of quality of life in elderly subjects. AN  - NCT06352099 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Dietary Supplementation and Cognitive Functions in the Elderly (ESPINS) TI  - Evaluation of Dietary Supplementation With Hesperidin and Proanthocyanidins on Cognitive and Motor Functions in Elderly Subjects
A Randomized Controlled Trial Comparing the Clinical and Radiographic Success of 3Mixtatin Versus Modified 3Mix in Lesion Sterilization and Tissue Repair (LSTR) for The Treatment of Necrotic Primary Molars; This randomized clinical study aims to assess the clinical and radiographic success rate of the 3Mixtatin versus the 3Mix in LSTR in necrotic primary molars. AN  - NCT05677945 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - 3Mixtatin Versus Modified 3Mix-MP in Lesion Sterilization and Tissue Repair for Treatment of Necrotic Primary Molars (LSTR) TI  - A Randomized Controlled Trial Comparing the Clinical and Radiographic Success of 3Mixtatin Versus Modified 3Mix in Lesion Sterilization and Tissue Repair (LSTR) for The Treatment of Necrotic Primary Molars
Alternative Therapy for Pain Management in Patients With Renal Colic: Heat Wrap; In the literature, considering the success of heat therapy in patients with renal colic (bath entrance, electric blanket heating) in this study we have aimed to evaluate the efficacy of alternative treatment with pain-relieving alternative treatments with little potential for side effects and to see its applicability in daily treatment plans. AN  - NCT03790514 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Heat Wrap for Renal Colic TI  - Alternative Therapy for Pain Management in Patients With Renal Colic: Heat Wrap
Mechanisms of Neurodynamic Treatments (MONET); METHODS AND ANALYSIS: In this single-blind randomised mechanistic trial, patients with confirmed mild to moderate CTS (n=78) and age and gender-matched healthy controls (n=30) will be included. Patients will be randomly allocated to a 6-week neurodynamic exercise group, steroid injection, or advice group. Outcome measures will be explored at baseline (patients and controls), post-intervention (patients), and 6-month follow-up (patients). Outcomes include diffusion-weighted and anatomical MRI of the median nerve at the wrist, quantitative sensory testing, nerve conduction studies, inflammatory markers in blood and skin biopsies, and validated questionnaires for pain, function, and psychological factors. Two-way repeated measures ANCOVAs (factors time and intervention, adjusted for baseline measurements as a continuous covariate) will be performed to identify differences in MRI parameters, clinical assessment, and inflammatory markers between patients in different groups and healthy controls. AN  - NCT05859412 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Mechanisms of Neurodynamic Treatments (MONET) TI  - Mechanisms of Neurodynamic Treatments (MONET)
A Randomized, Double-blind Controlled Trial of the Efficacy of an Intra-discal Injection of Autologous Platelet-rich Plasma (PRP) Versus Placebo in Chronic Low Back Pain With Active Discopathy (AD); The objective of the study is to evaluate the 3-month efficacy on pain and function (by achieving 30% improvement in Oswestry Disability Index) of one intra-discal PRP injection versus placebo (saline solution) in subjects with LBP associated with AD lasting more than 3 months. AN  - NCT03712527 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Intra-discal Injection of PRP for Low Back Pain (MODI-PRP) TI  - A Randomized, Double-blind Controlled Trial of the Efficacy of an Intra-discal Injection of Autologous Platelet-rich Plasma (PRP) Versus Placebo in Chronic Low Back Pain With Active Discopathy (AD)
The Effect of Perceived Injustice Targeted Pain Neuroscience Education and Motivational Interviewing Compared to Biomedical Focused Education in Breast Cancer Survivors; The secondary objectives of the study are to examine whether perceived injustice-targeted PNE, compared to biomedically-focused pain education, results in improving health-related quality of life, reducing perceived injustice and opioid use after 24 months in breast cancer survivors with perceived injustice and pain, and to conduct a health-care cost analysis which will finally result in a recommendation concerning the use of perceived injustice-targeted PNE in breast cancer survivors with perceived injustice and pain. AN  - NCT04730154 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - PI-targeted PNE+MI Compared to BIOMEDICAL Education in BCS (BCS-PI) TI  - The Effect of Perceived Injustice Targeted Pain Neuroscience Education and Motivational Interviewing Compared to Biomedical Focused Education in Breast Cancer Survivors
The Effect of Sex Difference in Preemptive Analgesic Effects With Flurbiprofen Axetil on Postoperative Pain and Sleep Quality of Patients Under General Anesthesia; In humans and animals, circadian rhythm sleep cycle plays an important role on maintaining and regulating basic physiological homeostasis, such as cognitive function, glucose metabolism, memory consolidation, immune function and growth hormone secretion. The induction of general anesthesia leads to a state of reduced responsiveness, which is often described by anesthesiologists and patients as "sleep". This seems to be a common problem in the case of patients under general anesthesia, besides surgery trauma and general anesthetics may change sleep function and sleep cycle perioperatively, the postoperative complications such as pain, nausea and vomiting etc after general anesthesia may also reduce postoperative sleep quality.Flurbiprofen axetil is a new non-steroidal anti infection analgesic(NSAIDs), which is widely used for analgesia to reduce the dose of opioids and the occurrence of adverse reactions, such as declined sleep quality, respiratory depression, nausea and vomiting . Preemptive analgesia is an analgesic intervention that begins before surgery to prevent the nervous system from becoming sensitive to subsequent stimuli that may aggravate pain. A large number of experimental studies have shown that use flurbiprofen axetil preoperatively is better than use it postoperatively. However, limited information was reported before on the effect of factors such as age, gender, preoperative negative mood such as anxiety and depression, type and length of surgery, which could influence postoperative pain and analgesic consumption and the association between postoperative sleep quality and postoperative pain intensity. At present, there has been less previous evidence for how preemptive analgesic with flurbiprofen axetil affect postoperative sleep quality through its effect on postoperative pain of patients with different sex under general anesthesia. AN  - NCT04627779 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Sex Difference in Preemptive Analgesic Effects With Flurbiprofen Axetil on Postoperative Pain and Sleep Quality TI  - The Effect of Sex Difference in Preemptive Analgesic Effects With Flurbiprofen Axetil on Postoperative Pain and Sleep Quality of Patients Under General Anesthesia
Health Coaching to Reduce Disparities for Patients With Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD); This study examined whether health coaches can improve the management of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) in a population of vulnerable patients cared for in 'safety-net' clinics. The study is designed as a randomized controlled trial for patients with moderate to severe COPD. Patients were randomized into a health coaching group and a usual care group. Those in the health coaching group received 9 months of active health coaching. Outcome variables were measured at baseline and after 9 months AN  - NCT02234284 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Aides in Respiration Health Coaching for COPD (AIR) TI  - Health Coaching to Reduce Disparities for Patients With Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD)
MusiCare: Protecting Cognitive Functions and Wellbeing Using Music Therapy & Innovative Technology With an Aging Population; The study will elucidate relationships between different types of MT and benefits to participants wellbeing, cognitive functions & social engagement, as well as the impact of robotic assistive technologies in public health services and social care. AN  - NCT04851028 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - MusiCare: Music Therapy & Innovative Technology (MusiCare) TI  - MusiCare: Protecting Cognitive Functions and Wellbeing Using Music Therapy & Innovative Technology With an Aging Population
Accelerated Recovery Following Opioid-free Anaesthesia in Supratentorial Craniotomy; This clinical study will take place in neurosurgical operation theatres and neurosurgical intensive care unit (ICU) of University of Malaya Medical Centre (UMMC), Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. AN  - NCT05681429 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Accelerated Recovery Following Opioid-free Anaesthesia in Supratentorial Craniotomy TI  - Accelerated Recovery Following Opioid-free Anaesthesia in Supratentorial Craniotomy
Assesment of Quality of Life and Digestive and Genitourinary Functional Sequelae After Elective Left Colectomy for Sigmoid Diverticulitis. National Multicenter Prospective Observational Study; The aim of this prospective multicenter study is : (i) to evaluate the QOL and functional sequelae at 6 and 12 months in patients operated on for elective left colectomy and, (ii) to compare them to a population of non-operating diverticulitis patients. AN  - NCT04730765 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Quality of Life (QOL) After Elective Sigmoidectomy for Diverticular Diseases (DIVERTI) (DIVERTI-QDV) TI  - Assesment of Quality of Life and Digestive and Genitourinary Functional Sequelae After Elective Left Colectomy for Sigmoid Diverticulitis. National Multicenter Prospective Observational Study
Study of Clinical Efficacy of Antimicrobial Therapy Strategy Using Pragmatic Design in Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis; The purpose of this study is to compare the effect of standard care, versus standard of care plus antimicrobial therapy (co-trimoxazole or doxycycline), on clinical outcomes in patients diagnosed with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF). AN  - NCT02759120 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - CleanUP IPF for the Pulmonary Trials Cooperative (CleanUp-IPF) TI  - Study of Clinical Efficacy of Antimicrobial Therapy Strategy Using Pragmatic Design in Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis
A Phase 3, Multicenter, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Active Reference (Adalimumab) Study Evaluating the Efficacy and Safety of Bimekizumab in the Treatment of Subjects With Active Psoriatic Arthritis; This is a study to demonstrate the clinical efficacy, safety and tolerability of bimekizumab administered subcutaneously (sc) compared with placebo in the treatment of subjects with active Psoriatic Arthritis (PsA). AN  - NCT03895203 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study to Test the Efficacy and Safety of Bimekizumab in the Treatment of Subjects With Active Psoriatic Arthritis (BE OPTIMAL) TI  - A Phase 3, Multicenter, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Active Reference (Adalimumab) Study Evaluating the Efficacy and Safety of Bimekizumab in the Treatment of Subjects With Active Psoriatic Arthritis
Systematic Symptom Identification With Disease Specific PROM to Assess Symptoms of Chronic GVHD in Outpatient Care in Patients Post HSCT - a Two Site Feasibility Study; A two sited feasibility study to test the feasibility of systematic symptom identification with disease specific and clinically developed PROM (Lee Symptom Scale) longitudinally with a 12 month follow up in outpatient care in patients post HSCT to assess symptoms of chronic GVHD (n= 30). AN  - NCT04884204 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Systematic Symptom Identification With Disease Specific PROM to Assess Symptoms of Chronic GVHD in Outpatient Care in Patients Post HSCT (SIMPly-CARE) TI  - Systematic Symptom Identification With Disease Specific PROM to Assess Symptoms of Chronic GVHD in Outpatient Care in Patients Post HSCT - a Two Site Feasibility Study
An Integrated-Delivery-of-Care Approach to Improve Patient Outcomes, Safety, Well-Being After Orthopaedic Trauma; There is currently a lack of comparative efficacy research to determine which delivery approach produces greater improvements in the outcomes that are most desired by patients, specifically, functional QOL and emotional well-being. The proposed research will directly compare these delivery-of-care approaches and measure the patient-reported outcomes that are considered important to patients. AN  - NCT02591472 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - An Integrated-Delivery-of-Care Approach to Improve Patient Outcomes, Safety, Well-Being After Orthopaedic Trauma TI  - An Integrated-Delivery-of-Care Approach to Improve Patient Outcomes, Safety, Well-Being After Orthopaedic Trauma
Improving Cognition and Gestational Duration With Targeted Nutrition; - Will the novel CBT program improve ante- and post-partum depression? AN  - NCT05949190 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Improving Cognition and Gestational Duration With Targeted Nutrition (COGENT) TI  - Improving Cognition and Gestational Duration With Targeted Nutrition
The Efficacy of a Physical Activity Enhancing Programme Using Activity Monitors With Set Targets and Feedback for Enhancing Physical Activity Levels in Patients With COPD Attending Pulmonary Rehabilitation.; Patients with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease are characterised by a sedentary lifestyle. This contributes to increase the number of hospitalizations and mortality. Changing this lifestyle is a major objective of the management of these patients. Pulmonary rehabilitation helps patients to increase their fitness, but modifying a longstanding sedentary habit is more difficult to achieve. This project aims at modifying patients' long term physical activity with a physical activity coaching programme. This will help patients to transform the benefits of pulmonary rehabilitation into a healthier active lifestyle and contribute to reduce hospitalizations, increase quality of life and survival. AN  - NCT02347566 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Physical Activity Enhancing Programme in COPD (PAEP) TI  - The Efficacy of a Physical Activity Enhancing Programme Using Activity Monitors With Set Targets and Feedback for Enhancing Physical Activity Levels in Patients With COPD Attending Pulmonary Rehabilitation.
A Controlled Randomized Open-label Multicenter Study Evaluating if Early Conversion to Everolimus (Certican) From Cyclosporine (Neoral) in de Novo Renal Transplant Recipients Can Improve Long-term Renal Function and Slow Down the Progression of Chronic Allograft Nephropathy; This study is designed to evaluate if early conversion to everolimus from cyclosporine in de novo renal transplant recipients can improve long-term renal function and slow down the progression of chronic allograft nephropathy AN  - NCT00634920 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Evaluation of Early Conversion to Everolimus From Cyclosporine in de Novo Renal Transplant Recipients TI  - A Controlled Randomized Open-label Multicenter Study Evaluating if Early Conversion to Everolimus (Certican) From Cyclosporine (Neoral) in de Novo Renal Transplant Recipients Can Improve Long-term Renal Function and Slow Down the Progression of Chronic Allograft Nephropathy
Open-Label Exploratory Investigation of D-Cycloserine Augmentation to Cognitive Behavioral Therapy With Exposure and Response Prevention for Adults and Adolescents Diagnosed With Obsessive Compulsive Disorder - A Feasibility Study; This is a single site, open-label, feasibility study of cognitive behavioral therapy with exposure and response prevention (CBT/ERP) adding the augmentation of D-cycloserine (DCS) for adolescents ages 12-17 with Obsessive Compulsive Disorder (OCD) who are partial or non-responders to first line treatments of CBT or pharmacotherapy. AN  - NCT01172873 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - D-Cycloserine Augmentation to CBT With Exposure and Response Prevention in Adults and Adolescents With OCD TI  - Open-Label Exploratory Investigation of D-Cycloserine Augmentation to Cognitive Behavioral Therapy With Exposure and Response Prevention for Adults and Adolescents Diagnosed With Obsessive Compulsive Disorder - A Feasibility Study
Multimodal Intrathecal Analgesia for Cesarean Section; Morphine (M) group (30 patients): patients will receive spinal anesthesia with 10-12.5 mg bupivacaine and 1 ml containing 200 µg morphine AN  - NCT05186454 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Postoperative Pain Control by Use of Many Drugs in Small Doses Intrathecally TI  - Multimodal Intrathecal Analgesia for Cesarean Section
A DOUBLE-BLIND, PLACEBO-CONTROLLED, MULTICENTER, PARALLEL GROUP STUDY OF THE EFFECT OF MELOXICAM IN MAINLAND CHINESE SUBJECTS WITH OSTEOARTHRITIS (OA) OF THE KNEE; This study is to validate the Western Ontario and McMaster Universities Osteoarthritis Index (WOMAC) tool in mainland Chinese patients with osteoarthritis of the knee . This study will also evaluate the effects of Mobic versus placebo on reducing the symptoms of osteoarthritis in this population. AN  - NCT01430559 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effect Of Meloxicam Versus Placebo In Mainland Chinese Patients With Osteoarthritis Of The Knee TI  - A DOUBLE-BLIND, PLACEBO-CONTROLLED, MULTICENTER, PARALLEL GROUP STUDY OF THE EFFECT OF MELOXICAM IN MAINLAND CHINESE SUBJECTS WITH OSTEOARTHRITIS (OA) OF THE KNEE
An Open-Label Multicenter Study to Evaluate the Impact of Adalimumab on Quality of Life, Health Care Utilization and Costs of Ulcerative Colitis Subjects in the Usual Clinical Practice Setting; This study evaluated the quality of life (QOL) and economic impact of adalimumab treatment in participants with ulcerative colitis (UC). AN  - NCT01550965 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study to Evaluate the Impact of Adalimumab on Quality of Life, Health Care Utilization and Costs of Ulcerative Colitis Subjects in the Usual Clinical Practice Setting (InspirAda) TI  - An Open-Label Multicenter Study to Evaluate the Impact of Adalimumab on Quality of Life, Health Care Utilization and Costs of Ulcerative Colitis Subjects in the Usual Clinical Practice Setting
Roflumilast or Azithromycin to Prevent COPD Exacerbations (RELIANCE); A multi-center, randomized, 72-month, parallel- group, non-inferiority, phase III study to compare the effectiveness of roflumilast (Daliresp, 500 mcg quaque die (QD) or alternate regimen) therapy versus azithromycin (250 mg QD, 500 mg QD three times per week, or alternate regimen) to prevent hospitalization or death in a patients at high risk for COPD exacerbations. AN  - NCT04069312 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Roflumilast or Azithromycin to Prevent COPD Exacerbations (RELIANCE) (RELIANCE) TI  - Roflumilast or Azithromycin to Prevent COPD Exacerbations (RELIANCE)
A Comparison of the Effects of TAP (Transversus Abdominis Plane) Block and QLB-1 (Lateral Quadratum Lumbarum) Block on Postoperative Pain and Opioid Consumption in Laparoscopic Cholecystectomy; Laparoscopic cholecystectomy is associated with less pain than open surgery and a shorter recovery time. While the type of pain experienced after laparoscopy differs from that experienced after laparotomy, it is predominantly parietal pain (originating from the abdominal wall). However, patients also report visceral pain due to pneumoperitoneum. Various analgesic procedures, including nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), opioids, and regional anesthesia techniques, are employed as part of multimodal analgesia for postoperative pain. Regional anesthesia techniques for abdominal surgery include thoracic epidural analgesia, paravertebral block, and transversus abdominis plane (TAP) block. TAP block, one of the truncal blocks, has been utilized in numerous studies in the literature for the management of postoperative pain following abdominal surgery. TAPB is a nerve block technique that blocks sensory nerves by injecting local anesthetic into the plane between the transverse abdominis and internal oblique muscles. Although TAPB can effectively relieve somatic pain in patients undergoing minimally invasive laparoscopic surgery, it may not be suitable for visceral analgesia. Another truncal block that has gained recent attention is the Quadratus Lumborum Block (QLB). QLB is another nerve block technique that blocks sensory nerves by injecting local anesthetic into the interfascial plane between the quadratus lumborum and psoas muscles. QLB offers several advantages, including the ability to provide both somatic and visceral analgesia. This comprehensive approach can result in more effective postoperative analgesia during laparoscopic surgical procedures. Additionally, the use of TAPB or QLB may reduce opioid consumption, potentially improving analgesia in laparoscopic surgeries. The quadratus lumborum muscle can be blocked in four different ways: lateral, posterior, anterior, and intramuscular. In our study, the lateral quadratus lumborum block was the preferred approach. Opioids are the most commonly used narcotic analgesics for postoperative pain. Patients often require opioids for pain relief in the perioperative period, especially in abdominal surgery. However, the use of opioids can lead to a variety of side effects, including excessive sedation, postoperative nausea and vomiting, urinary retention, constipation, hyperalgesia, respiratory depression and immunosuppression. Opioids may have various effects on immune function, including modulation of cytokines, interaction with immune cells, affecting the neuroendocrine system and vascular permeability. These effects may contribute to postoperative complications such as infections and delayed wound healing due to increased inflammatory response. They may also prolong hospitalization. In order to reduce postoperative opioid consumption and opioid-related side effects, ultrasound-guided trunk block techniques are being developed in abdominal surgeries. Currently, ultrasound-guided multimodal analgesia techniques are widely used. Transversus abdominis plane block (TAPB) and quadratus lumborum block (QLB) are effective analgesic methods employed in conjunction with multimodal analgesia techniques during anesthesia. The objective of this study was to compare the effects of TAPB (transversus abdominis plane block) and QLB-1 (lateral quadratus lumborum block), which are frequently used in our clinic, on postoperative pain scores and the need for additional analgesics. Secondary objectives included postoperative opioid consumption, nausea and vomiting, hospital stay, and patient and surgeon satisfaction. AN  - NCT06663345 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effects of TAP and QLB-1 Blocks on Opioid Consumption TI  - A Comparison of the Effects of TAP (Transversus Abdominis Plane) Block and QLB-1 (Lateral Quadratum Lumbarum) Block on Postoperative Pain and Opioid Consumption in Laparoscopic Cholecystectomy
A Randomized, Double-Blind, Parallel-Group, 24-Week Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of ADVAIR DISKUS (Fluticasone Propionate/Salmeterol Combination Product 250/50mcg Inhalation Powder) BID Plus Spiriva HandiHaler (Tiotropium Bromide Inhalation Powder 18mcg) QD Versus Spiriva QD Plus Placebo DISKUS BID in Subjects With Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD); ADVAIR DISKUS® are registered trademarks of the GSK group of companies. AN  - NCT00784550 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A 24-Week Study to Evaluate the Safety and Efficacy of ADVAIR DISKUS® Inhaler 250/50mcg Plus SPIRIVA HANDIHALER® Inhaler Versus SPIRIVA HANDIHALER® Inhaler Plus Placebo DISKUS® Inhaler in Subjects With Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD). (ADC111114) TI  - A Randomized, Double-Blind, Parallel-Group, 24-Week Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of ADVAIR DISKUS (Fluticasone Propionate/Salmeterol Combination Product 250/50mcg Inhalation Powder) BID Plus Spiriva HandiHaler (Tiotropium Bromide Inhalation Powder 18mcg) QD Versus Spiriva QD Plus Placebo DISKUS BID in Subjects With Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD)
Prospective Studies in School-aged Children and Adolescents With COVID-19 Treated at HCFMUSP; This is a protocol aimed at children and adolescents contaminated with COVID, treated at the Hospital das Clínicas, University of Sao Paulo, Brazil (HCFMUSP), in the recovery phase. The study aims to evaluate the spectrum of pathogenic lesions of the virus not only in the respiratory system, but digestive, immunological, neurological and others. Clinical, evolutionary, laboratory and functional parameters will be used. AN  - NCT04659486 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Adolescents With COVID-19/MIS-C at HCFMUSP TI  - Prospective Studies in School-aged Children and Adolescents With COVID-19 Treated at HCFMUSP
A Phase 3b/4 Randomized Double Blind Study Of 5 Mg Of Tofacitinib With And Without Methotrexate In Comparison To Adalimumab With Methotrexate In Subjects With Moderately To Severely Active Rheumatoid Arthritis; To assess the efficacy of tofacitinib monotherapy or tofacitinib with methotrexate as compared to adalimumab with methotrexate. To compare the efficacy of tofacitinib monotherapy compared to tofacitinib combined with methotrexate. To compare effects on all health outcomes measures in the study. To evaluate the safety and tolerability of tofacitinib and adalimumab. To evaluate the safety of the zoster vaccine given prior to the initiation of tofacitinb or adalimumab. AN  - NCT02187055 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - An Efficacy And Safety Study Evaluating Tofacitinib With And Without Methotrexate Compared To Adalimumab With Methotrexate (ORAL STRATEGY) TI  - A Phase 3b/4 Randomized Double Blind Study Of 5 Mg Of Tofacitinib With And Without Methotrexate In Comparison To Adalimumab With Methotrexate In Subjects With Moderately To Severely Active Rheumatoid Arthritis
Study on the Interaction Between Immune, Autonomic and Central Nervous Systems as a Target of Exercise Therapy in Multiple Sclerosis; This study aims to address the effect of exercise in reducing peripheral inflammation that drives the synaptic pathology and neurodegeneration occurring in the brain of MS patients. Patients will undergo a therapeutic exercise program, consisting of 3 hours of treatment per day, 6 days/week for a total of 6 weeks. The treatment will include both passive and active therapeutic exercises targeted to restore or preserve muscular flexibility, motor coordination and ambulatory function. The day of recruitment (time 0) patients will undergo neurological and mood examination and blood withdrawal to analyze peripheral markers of immune function. Moreover, transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) will be used to measure synaptic transmission, while the heart rate variability (HRV) test will be performed to explore vagal function. The effect of exercise will be evaluated at the end of rehabilitation (after 6 weeks-time 1), on the above parameters. A follow up will be included (time 2, 8 weeks after the end of the treatment) to address long-term effects on neurologic and mood measurements as well as peripheral marker levels. AN  - NCT04294979 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Exercise Therapy in Multiple Sclerosis (RehaMS) TI  - Study on the Interaction Between Immune, Autonomic and Central Nervous Systems as a Target of Exercise Therapy in Multiple Sclerosis
A RANDOMIZED, OPEN-LABEL, MULTICENTER, PHASE 3 STUDY TO EVALUATE THE EFFICACY AND SAFETY OF AVELUMAB IN COMBINATION WITH CHEMOTHERAPY FOLLOWED BY MAINTENANCE THERAPY OF AVELUMAB IN COMBINATION WITH THE POLY (ADENOSINE DIPHOSPHATE [ADP]-RIBOSE) POLYMERASE (PARP) INHIBITOR TALAZOPARIB IN PATIENTS WITH PREVIOUSLY UNTREATED ADVANCED OVARIAN CANCER (JAVELIN OVARIAN PARP100); JAVELIN Ovarian PARP 100 (B9991030) is an open-label, randomized study designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of avelumab in combination with chemotherapy followed by maintenance therapy of avelumab in combination with talazoparib versus an active comparator in treatment-naïve patients with locally advanced or metastatic ovarian cancer (Stage III or Stage IV). On March 19, 2019, Sponsors alliance announced the discontinuation of the ongoing Phase III study, and the decision was based on several factors, including previous announced interim results from JAVELIN Ovarian 100 study (B9991010). Patients who remain in B9991030 study will continue receiving their randomized treatment assigned and will be monitored for appropriate safety assessments until treatment discontinuation. AN  - NCT03642132 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Avelumab and Talazoparib in Untreated Advanced Ovarian Cancer (JAVELIN OVARIAN PARP 100) TI  - A RANDOMIZED, OPEN-LABEL, MULTICENTER, PHASE 3 STUDY TO EVALUATE THE EFFICACY AND SAFETY OF AVELUMAB IN COMBINATION WITH CHEMOTHERAPY FOLLOWED BY MAINTENANCE THERAPY OF AVELUMAB IN COMBINATION WITH THE POLY (ADENOSINE DIPHOSPHATE [ADP]-RIBOSE) POLYMERASE (PARP) INHIBITOR TALAZOPARIB IN PATIENTS WITH PREVIOUSLY UNTREATED ADVANCED OVARIAN CANCER (JAVELIN OVARIAN PARP100)
Nurse-Family Partnership Impact Evaluation in South Carolina; This study evaluates the effects of the Nurse Family Partnership (NFP), an established home-visiting program, using a scientifically rigorous individual-level randomized controlled trial. The study will be based in South Carolina, where a Medicaid waiver in combination with a pay-for-success contract will allow expansion of the program to women on Medicaid. The study plans to enroll 4000 low-income, first time mothers and their children into the intervention group, and another 2000 into the control group. The study will evaluate the program's impacts on outcomes using administrative records. This study aims to yield new evidence on the effect of NFP in a modern context, applied to a new population, across a broad range of outcomes, and financed by a novel public-private partnership based on accountability for outcomes. AN  - NCT03360539 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Nurse-Family Partnership Impact Evaluation in South Carolina (NFP) TI  - Nurse-Family Partnership Impact Evaluation in South Carolina
Pain Coping Skills Training for African Americans With Osteoarthritis; This study will examine the effectiveness of an 11-session, culturally enhanced, telephone-based pain coping skills training program among African Americans with hip or knee osteoarthritis (OA). The study team will enroll n=248 African Americans with hip or knee OA. The participants will be randomized into two groups. One group will take part in an 11-week pain CST intervention. The other group will be a "wait list" that receives the pain CST program after completing all follow-up study measures. All study participants will be able to continue any other usual medical care for their OA during the study period. The pain CST intervention includes 11 individual sessions with a study counselor, delivered via telephone to enhance access and reach. The sessions include the following: general information about why pain coping skills training is important, training in specific pain coping skills (such as progressive muscle relaxation, communication, imagery, and activity pacing), and guided practice with each skill. The CST program will also include information about other behaviors important for OA, such as physical activity and weight management. The main study outcome will be the pain subscale of the Western Ontario and McMasters Universities Osteoarthritis Index (WOMAC). Other outcomes will include the WOMAC function subscale, Coping Strategies Questionnaire, Arthritis Self Efficacy Scale, depressive symptoms, Health-Related Quality of Life, and Patient Global Impression of Change. AN  - NCT02560922 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Pain Coping Skills Training for African Americans With Osteoarthritis (STAART) TI  - Pain Coping Skills Training for African Americans With Osteoarthritis
Associations of Adverse Childhood Experiences, Sleep Disruption, and Vascular Dysfunction in Young Adults: The Iowa ACEs and Sleep Cohort and Manipulating Sleep in Young Adults With ACEs Studies; 3. in vitro determination of endothelial cell inflammation and oxidative stress from biopsied endothelial cells. AN  - NCT06454344 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Iowa ACEs and Sleep Cohort and Manipulating Sleep in Young Adults With ACEs Studies TI  - Associations of Adverse Childhood Experiences, Sleep Disruption, and Vascular Dysfunction in Young Adults: The Iowa ACEs and Sleep Cohort and Manipulating Sleep in Young Adults With ACEs Studies
Intravenous Ibuprofen for Laparoscopic Bariatric Surgery; Primary objective of this study is to test hypothesis that IV ibuprofen decreases 24 hours morphine requirement using IV PCA in patients after laparoscopic bariatric surgery. Secondary objective is to determine if it decreases respiratory depression measured using RD, improves area under curve (AUC) for pain scores at rest (AUCr) and with cough (AUCa) and pressure pain threshold (PPT) (important for mobilization). Tertiary objective is to compare incidence of nausea/vomiting, sedation, itching, blood transfusion, over sedation, urinary retention, GI or surgical bleeding, renal dysfunction, time to clears and baseline activity in ibuprofen and control groups. AN  - NCT01707251 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Intravenous Ibuprofen for Laparoscopic Bariatric Surgery TI  - Intravenous Ibuprofen for Laparoscopic Bariatric Surgery
Optimizing Intralesional Triamcinolone Dosing for Hidradenitis Suppurativa; Currently, there is limited evidence showing increased resolution of HS flares with higher doses of intralesional triamcinolone (ILTAC) as well as a difference in side effect profile between the doses. The goal of this study is to determine the efficacy of treating HS flares with ILTAC-10, ILTAC-20 and ILTAC-40 and to investigate the side effect profile for each dose. AN  - NCT04582669 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Optimizing Intralesional Triamcinolone Dosing for Hidradenitis Suppurativa TI  - Optimizing Intralesional Triamcinolone Dosing for Hidradenitis Suppurativa
Supported Rescue Packs Post-discharge in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease: An Open-label Multicenter Randomised Controlled Trial; A multicentre randomised clinical trial of 1400 patients will be conducted in 30 acute NHS trusts. This will test the hypothesis that a self-supported rescue pack management plan consisting of rescue packs + written self-management plan + twice weekly telephone/text symptom alert assessments in the high-risk 90-day period is better than standard care in reducing 90-day readmission by 20%. If successful, this intervention would be rapidly implementable, improve patient clinical outcomes and have a cost saving of approximately £350 million per annum. AN  - NCT06347536 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Supported Rescue Packs Post-discharge in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (RAPID) TI  - Supported Rescue Packs Post-discharge in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease: An Open-label Multicenter Randomised Controlled Trial
Phase 3, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Randomized Withdrawal Study With Open-label Extension, to Assess the Efficacy and Safety of Rilonacept Treatment in Subjects With Recurrent Pericarditis; The primary objective of this study was to assess the efficacy of rilonacept treatment in participants with recurrent pericarditis. AN  - NCT03737110 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study to Assess the Efficacy and Safety of Rilonacept Treatment in Participants With Recurrent Pericarditis (RHAPSODY) TI  - Phase 3, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Randomized Withdrawal Study With Open-label Extension, to Assess the Efficacy and Safety of Rilonacept Treatment in Subjects With Recurrent Pericarditis
Phase 3, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Study Of The Efficacy And Safety Of 2 Doses Of CP-690,550 Monotherapy In Patients With Active Rheumatoid Arthritis; This Phase 3 study is intended to provide evidence of the efficacy and safety of CP 690,550 when dosed 5 mg and 10 mg twice a day as monotherapy in adult patients with moderate to severe Rheumatoid Arthritis. It is intended to confirm the benefits of CP-690,550 in improving signs and symptoms and physical function that were observed in the Phase 2 Rheumatoid Arthritis studies. AN  - NCT00814307 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Phase 3 Study Comparing 2 Doses of CP-690,550 vs. Placebo for Treatment of Rheumatoid Arthritis TI  - Phase 3, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Study Of The Efficacy And Safety Of 2 Doses Of CP-690,550 Monotherapy In Patients With Active Rheumatoid Arthritis
Polyphenols and Probiotics to Improve Menopausal Symptoms Via the Gut-Brain Axis; To our knowledge, the efficacy of a (poly)phenol based synbiotic targeting the gut microbiome for improvement of menopausal symptoms has not been investigated so far. AN  - NCT06333223 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Polyphenols and Probiotics to Improve Menopausal Symptoms Via the Gut-Brain Axis (SYMPTOGUT) TI  - Polyphenols and Probiotics to Improve Menopausal Symptoms Via the Gut-Brain Axis
Reducing Sedentary Time in Patients With Mild Cognitive Impairment: The Take a STAND for Health Study TS4H-MCI; This research program aims to comprehensively investigate the clinical, physiological, metabolic, and molecular effects of reducing sedentary behavior in patients with mild cognitive impairment. A 4-month parallel-group randomized controlled trial will be conducted aiming to investigate the feasibility and efficacy of a newly developed personalized intervention focused on replacing sedentary time with light-(or very light-) intensity physical activity in patients with mild cognitive impairment. Additionally, a sub-sample of patients will complete a randomised cross-over study aiming to unravel potential mechanisms underlying the metabolic, physiological and molecular effects of breaking up sedentary time with light-intensity physical activity versus carrying out the minimum amount of daily exercise at once and then remaining sedentary versus simply remaining sedentary throughout all sessions, in a well-controlled laboratorial condition. AN  - NCT04507386 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Reducing Sedentary Time in Patients With Mild Cognitive Impairment: The Take a STAND for Health Study TI  - Reducing Sedentary Time in Patients With Mild Cognitive Impairment: The Take a STAND for Health Study TS4H-MCI
A Multiple Dose Dental Pain Study Of An Ibuprofen 600 Mg Extended Release Caplet; The study hypothesis is that single and multiple doses of ibuprofen 600 mg ER caplets provide analgesic efficacy superior to placebo over 12-hour dosing intervals. AN  - NCT01266161 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Multiple Dose Dental Pain Study Of Ibuprofen Extended Release TI  - A Multiple Dose Dental Pain Study Of An Ibuprofen 600 Mg Extended Release Caplet
Effect of Dexmedetomidine and Esketamine on Catheter-related Bladder Discomfort in Patients Undergoing Transurethral Surgery: a 2 x 2 Factorial Randomized Trial; Catheter-related bladder discomfort (CRBD) is common in patients awaking from general anesthesia with an urinary catheter. We suppose that that use of dexmedetomidine and/or esketamine during anesthesia may reduce the occurrence of CRBD. This 2x2 factorial randomized trial is designed to explore the effects of esketamine, dexmedetomidine, and their combination on the occurrence CRBD in patients undergoing transurethral urological surgery. AN  - NCT06399185 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effect of Dexmedetomidine and Esketamine on Catheter-related Bladder Discomfort TI  - Effect of Dexmedetomidine and Esketamine on Catheter-related Bladder Discomfort in Patients Undergoing Transurethral Surgery: a 2 x 2 Factorial Randomized Trial
Effect of Daily Vinegar Ingestion for Four Weeks on Mood State in Healthy College Students; The objective of this research is to record mood states and depression levels in healthy college students before and after 4 weeks of daily vinegar ingestion. AN  - NCT04706806 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effect of Daily Vinegar Ingestion for Four Weeks on Mood State in Healthy College Students (VIN2020) TI  - Effect of Daily Vinegar Ingestion for Four Weeks on Mood State in Healthy College Students
Glucocorticoids After Traumatic Birth and the Associated Risk of Developing Posttraumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD): an Open Label Pilot Trial; This registration will list the observational part (number of participants =100) as well as the clinical trial (number of participants =20). AN  - NCT04852458 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Glucocorticoid Administration After Traumatic Birth TI  - Glucocorticoids After Traumatic Birth and the Associated Risk of Developing Posttraumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD): an Open Label Pilot Trial
Prophylactic Inhaled Steroids to Reduce Radiation Pneumonitis Frequency and Severity in Non-small Cell Lung Cancer Patients; Whether inhaled steroid use modifies the response to radiation therapy treatment compared to patients who do not receive prophylactic inhaled steroids. AN  - NCT03803787 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Prophylactic Inhaled Steroids to Reduce Radiation Pneumonitis Frequency and Severity in Lung Cancer Patients TI  - Prophylactic Inhaled Steroids to Reduce Radiation Pneumonitis Frequency and Severity in Non-small Cell Lung Cancer Patients
STrategies of Scheduled Drug-coated Balloons (DCB) Versus Conventional DES for the interveNTional Therapy of de Novo Lesions in Large Coronary vESSels (STENTLESS) Trial; This is a multicenter, open-label, randomized controlled study meant to compare the safety and efficacy of scheduled drug-coated balloon (DCB) and conventional drug-eluting stent (DES) strategy in the treatment of de novo lesions of large coronary vessel with diameter larger than 2.75 mm. The trial was designed to provide high-quality evidence for expanding the clinical indications of DCB, and to explore a better way for coronary intervention based on DCB. AN  - NCT06084000 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - STrategies of Scheduled Drug-coated Balloons (DCB) Versus Conventional DES for the interveNTional Therapy of de Novo Lesions in Large Coronary vESSels (STENTLESS) Trial (STENTLESS) TI  - STrategies of Scheduled Drug-coated Balloons (DCB) Versus Conventional DES for the interveNTional Therapy of de Novo Lesions in Large Coronary vESSels (STENTLESS) Trial
Effects of Pre-emptive Scalp Infiltration With Ketorolac and Ropivacaine for Postoperative Pain Relief After Elective Supratentorial Craniotomy (PAINLESS); The PAINLESS study is a single-center, prospective, randomized, open-label, blinded-endpoint (PROBE) controlled clinical study to compare the efficacy and safety of pre-emptive scalp infiltration with ropivacaine plus ketorolac and ropivacaine alone for postoperative pain relief in adults undergoing elective supratentorial craniotomies. AN  - NCT04141319 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effects of Pre-emptive Scalp Infiltration With Ketorolac and Ropivacaine for Post-craniotomy Pain TI  - Effects of Pre-emptive Scalp Infiltration With Ketorolac and Ropivacaine for Postoperative Pain Relief After Elective Supratentorial Craniotomy (PAINLESS)
A Phase 3, Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled, Parallel-group, 3-arm, Multinational, Multicenter Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Amlitelimab by Subcutaneous Injection in Participants Aged 12 Years and Older With Moderate-to-severe Atopic Dermatitis (AD) Who Are on Background Topical Corticosteroids and Have Had an Inadequate Response to Prior Biologic Therapy or Oral Janus Kinase (JAK) Inhibitor Treatment; The total treatment duration will be up to 36 weeks. The total number of visits will be up to 13 visits (or 12 visits for those entering the long-term safety study LTS17367 [RIVER-AD] study). AN  - NCT06241118 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Subcutaneous Amlitelimab on Background Topical Corticosteroids Therapy in Participants Aged 12 Years and Older With Moderate-to-severe AD Who Have Had an Inadequate Response to Prior Biologic Therapy or an Oral JAK Inhibitor (AQUA) TI  - A Phase 3, Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled, Parallel-group, 3-arm, Multinational, Multicenter Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Amlitelimab by Subcutaneous Injection in Participants Aged 12 Years and Older With Moderate-to-severe Atopic Dermatitis (AD) Who Are on Background Topical Corticosteroids and Have Had an Inadequate Response to Prior Biologic Therapy or Oral Janus Kinase (JAK) Inhibitor Treatment
Randomized Phase III Study of Oral Cyclophosphamide vs Doxorubicin in 65 Years or Older Patients With Advanced or Metastatic Soft Tissue Sarcoma: a UNICANCER/GERICO Multicenter Program; Thus, the GERICO study aims to compare standard doxorubicin chemotherapy with oral cyclophosphamide for the treatment of elderly patients with STS. AN  - NCT04757337 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Comparison of Oral Cyclophosphamide vs Doxorubicin in ≥65 Years Old Advanced or Metastatic Soft Tissue Sarcoma Patients (GERICO14) TI  - Randomized Phase III Study of Oral Cyclophosphamide vs Doxorubicin in 65 Years or Older Patients With Advanced or Metastatic Soft Tissue Sarcoma: a UNICANCER/GERICO Multicenter Program
Comparison Between Prednisolone and Dexamethasone on D28 Mortality in Patients on Oxygen Therapy, with CoViD-19: Multicenter, Randomized, Open-label Non-inferiority Study; The aim of the study is to evaluate two differents regimens of corticosteroids (prednisolone versus dexamethasone) on D28 mortality in patients with CoViD 19 pneumonia requiring oxygen supplementation AN  - NCT04765371 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Comparison Between Prednisolone and Dexamethasone on Mortality in Patients on Oxygen Therapy, with CoViD-19 (COPreDex) TI  - Comparison Between Prednisolone and Dexamethasone on D28 Mortality in Patients on Oxygen Therapy, with CoViD-19: Multicenter, Randomized, Open-label Non-inferiority Study
A Phase 3 Study Comparing Daratumumab, Lenalidomide, and Dexamethasone (DRd) vs Lenalidomide and Dexamethasone (Rd) in Subjects With Previously Untreated Multiple Myeloma Who Are Ineligible for High Dose Therapy; The purpose of this study is to compare the efficacy of daratumumab in combination with lenalidomide and dexamethasone to that of lenalidomide and dexamethasone in terms of progression-free survival (PFS) in participants with newly diagnosed multiple myeloma (a blood cancer of plasma cells) who are not candidates for high dose chemotherapy (treatment of disease, usually cancer, by chemical agents) and autologous stem cell transplant (ASCT). AN  - NCT02252172 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study Comparing Daratumumab, Lenalidomide, and Dexamethasone With Lenalidomide and Dexamethasone in Participants With Previously Untreated Multiple Myeloma TI  - A Phase 3 Study Comparing Daratumumab, Lenalidomide, and Dexamethasone (DRd) vs Lenalidomide and Dexamethasone (Rd) in Subjects With Previously Untreated Multiple Myeloma Who Are Ineligible for High Dose Therapy
Drug Eluting Stenting and Short Dual Antiplatelet Therapy for Preventing Recurrent Stroke in Vertebral Stenosis Registry Study; Currently, there is no consensus regarding the duration of DAPT after drug-eluting stent treatment for vertebral artery stenosis(VAS). The objective of this study is to standardize clinical medication by shortening the duration of DAPT, thereby reducing the bleeding risk and medication burden for patients, while ensuring that there is no increase in ischemic events. AN  - NCT06683300 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Drug Eluting Stenting and Short Dual Antiplatelet Therapy for Preventing Recurrent Stroke in Vertebral Stenosis Registry Study (M Short DAPT) TI  - Drug Eluting Stenting and Short Dual Antiplatelet Therapy for Preventing Recurrent Stroke in Vertebral Stenosis Registry Study
The Inflammatory Synaptopathy as a Target of Exercise Therapy in the Fight Against Multiple Sclerosis; The aim of this study is to evaluate the effect of exercise in reducing peripheral inflammation that drives the synaptic pathology and neurodegeneration occurring in the brain of MS patients. Recruited patients will be given a therapeutic exercise program, consisting of 3 hours of treatment per day, 6 days/week for 4 weeks. The program will be applied on hospitalised patients to ensure adherence to the program and reducing the risk of abandonment. The rehabilitation program will be planned by a physician specialised in physical and rehabilitation medicine and will consist of both passive and active therapeutic exercises specifically aimed at restoring or maintaining muscular flexibility, range of motion, balance, coordination of movements, postural passages and transfers, and ambulation. The day of recruitment (t0) patients will undergo radiological and neurological examination. The effect of exercise will be evaluated with respect to neurologic function, mood and neurophysiological parameters, autonomic system function, and peripheral marker levels assessed at t0 and after 4 weeks (t1). A second time point will be included (t2, 8 weeks after the end of the treatment) to address long-term effects, with analysis limited to neurologic and mood measurements and peripheral marker levels. AN  - NCT03735524 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Exercise-based Therapy for Multiple Sclerosis Patients TI  - The Inflammatory Synaptopathy as a Target of Exercise Therapy in the Fight Against Multiple Sclerosis
A Phase 3 Randomised, Double Blind, Clinical Trial Investigating the Effectiveness of Repurposed Simvastatin Compared to Placebo, in Secondary Progressive Multiple Sclerosis, in Slowing the Progression of Disability; The results generated from this trial may help to improve the treatment options of people with MS. In addition, taking part in this trial will mean regular review by an experienced neurologist regardless of the drug that patients are randomly allocated to receive. AN  - NCT03387670 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Multiple Sclerosis-Simvastatin Trial 2 (MS-STAT2) TI  - A Phase 3 Randomised, Double Blind, Clinical Trial Investigating the Effectiveness of Repurposed Simvastatin Compared to Placebo, in Secondary Progressive Multiple Sclerosis, in Slowing the Progression of Disability
Pilot and Phase 2 Study of the Efficacy of a Treatment Protocol With Dexamethasone Implant Loading Dose in Patients With Diabetic Macular Edema; The investigators have therefore chosen a pilot study to investigate the impact on efficacy and on the number of intravitreal injections (IVI) of such a scheme. AN  - NCT04116398 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Pilot and Phase 2 Study of the Efficacy of a Treatment Protocol With Dexamethasone Implant Loading Dose in Patients With Diabetic Macular Edema (LOADEX) (LOADEX) TI  - Pilot and Phase 2 Study of the Efficacy of a Treatment Protocol With Dexamethasone Implant Loading Dose in Patients With Diabetic Macular Edema
Observational Study to Assess Frailty of Subjects During ZOSTER-006 and ZOSTER-022 and HZ Efficacy, Immunogenicity and Safety of HZ/su by Frailty Status; The purpose of this study is to allow for the encoding and analysis of questionnaires for all subjects enrolled in ZOSTER-006 and ZOSTER-022. The aim is to assess the baseline frailty of subjects enrolled in these studies and to investigate whether this population is representative of the general population. AN  - NCT03563183 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study to Assess Frailty of Subjects During ZOSTER-006 and ZOSTER-022 TI  - Observational Study to Assess Frailty of Subjects During ZOSTER-006 and ZOSTER-022 and HZ Efficacy, Immunogenicity and Safety of HZ/su by Frailty Status
A Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Dupilumab in Patients With Severe Steroid Dependent Asthma; - To evaluate dupilumab systemic exposure and the incidence of treatment-emergent antidrug antibodies. AN  - NCT02528214 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Evaluation of Dupilumab in Patients With Severe Steroid Dependent Asthma (VENTURE) TI  - A Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Dupilumab in Patients With Severe Steroid Dependent Asthma
REVISITS Trial: Revision Single or Two Stage Surgery for Periprosthetic Hip Infection - a Multicentre Randomized Clinical Trial; There are two types of surgical treatment: a single-stage revision that involves removing the joint, thoroughly cleaning the infected area and implanting a new joint, all in the same surgical procedure; a two-stage revision involves removing the joint, waiting at least 8 weeks while treating the patients with antibiotics and then doing re-implantation of the joint. AN  - NCT03741296 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - REVISITS: Revision Single or Two Stage Surgery (REVISITS) TI  - REVISITS Trial: Revision Single or Two Stage Surgery for Periprosthetic Hip Infection - a Multicentre Randomized Clinical Trial
Impact of Maternal Neuraxial Labor Analgesia on Offspring Neurodevelopment. A Multicenter, Prospective, Longitudinal Cohort Study; How perinatal factors affect the long-term development of children has always been an issue of much concern. This study is designed to explore the potential impact of maternal neuraxial labor analgesia exposure on offspring neurodevelopment. AN  - NCT04964206 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Neuraxial Labor Analgesia and Offspring Neurodevelopment TI  - Impact of Maternal Neuraxial Labor Analgesia on Offspring Neurodevelopment. A Multicenter, Prospective, Longitudinal Cohort Study
A Randomized Controlled Trial of Cognitive Remediation and D-cycloserine for Individuals With Bipolar Disorder; To test this hypothesis, approximately forty subjects will be randomized to one of two study arms: [i] CR + DCS or [ii] CR + placebo. We will examine whether d-cycloserine increases the benefit that individuals with bipolar disorder receive from participation in cognitive remediation. AN  - NCT01934972 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Randomized Controlled Trial of Cognitive Remediation and D-cycloserine for Individuals With Bipolar Disorder (DCS) TI  - A Randomized Controlled Trial of Cognitive Remediation and D-cycloserine for Individuals With Bipolar Disorder
Chronic Airway Disease, Mucus Rheology and Exacerbations: a Randomized Controlled Trial of COPD Patients; The main objective of this trial is to compare the exacerbation number over 12 months of follow-up between a group of patients with COPD treated according to standardized management (azithromycin prescribed in the event of severe sputum according to the CASA-Q score , standardized comparator arm) and a similar group in which azithromycin is prescribed based on mucus rheology (experimental arm) or CASA-Q. AN  - NCT04339270 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Chronic Airway Disease, Mucus Rheology and Exacerbations (COPD-CARhE) TI  - Chronic Airway Disease, Mucus Rheology and Exacerbations: a Randomized Controlled Trial of COPD Patients
Efficacy of Connective Tissue Allograft Versus Steroid Injections in Treatment of Lateral Epicondylitis; In this study, the objective is to evaluate the effectiveness of a single application of human Connective Tissue Allograft (CTA) as a treatment of LET. CTM Biomedical markets and distributes decellularized particulate human placental connective-tissue matrix products, intended solely for homologous use to supplement or replace damaged or inadequate connective-tissue. These are structural tissue allografts processed according to the criteria contained in 21CFR 1271.10(a) for regulation solely under section 361 of the Public Health Service Act. Drug/Device Handling: If the research involves drugs or device, describe your plans to store, handle, and administer those drugs or devices so that they will be used only on subjects and be used only by authorized investigators. AN  - NCT06171555 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Efficacy of CTM for Tennis ELbow TI  - Efficacy of Connective Tissue Allograft Versus Steroid Injections in Treatment of Lateral Epicondylitis
EVALUATION OF THE EFFICACY OF NOVEL IBUPROFEN ACETAMINOPHEN COMBINATION FORMULATIONS IN THE TREATMENT OF POST-SURGICAL DENTAL PAIN; This study will determine the overall analgesic efficacy of three different fixed dose ibuprofen plus acetaminophen formulations compared to ibuprofen alone and to placebo. AN  - NCT01559259 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Evaluation of the Efficacy of Novel Ibuprofen Acetaminophen Combination Formulations in the Treatment of Post-surgical Dental Pain TI  - EVALUATION OF THE EFFICACY OF NOVEL IBUPROFEN ACETAMINOPHEN COMBINATION FORMULATIONS IN THE TREATMENT OF POST-SURGICAL DENTAL PAIN
Effect of Continuous Paravertebral Nerve Block Combined With Dexamethasone Palpitate vs Combined With Dexamethasone Sodium Phosphate on Chronic Postoperative Pain in Patients Undergoing Minimally Invasive Cardiac Surgery; The goal of this single-center, prospective, double-blind randomized controlled clinical trial is to explore preventive interventions for chronic postoperative pain (CPSP) in patients undergoing minimally invasive cardiac surgery. The main questions it aims to answer is: the incidence of CPSP is high and severe, and there is no safe and effective method for prevention and treatment. The participants in the dexamethasone palmitate (DXP) group will receive a single paravertebral space infusion of 21 ml of the first dose of analgesia, consisting of 0.5 percentage ropivacaine 20 ml and dexamethasone palmitate 1ml. The participants in dexamethasone sodium phosphate (DXM) group will receive a single infusion of a paravertebral space first dose of 21 ml of analgesic containing 0.5 percentage ropivacaine 20 ml and dexamethasone sodium phosphate 1ml. Then both groups use a continuous paravertebral nerve block pump for postoperative analgesia. The liquid of the pump is 250 ml 0.2 percentage ropivacaine. The background of the pump is set to 5 ml/h and PCA is set to 5 ml at an interval of 30 min. AN  - NCT05920967 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - PANDORA: Paravertebral AdjuNctive DexamethasOne Palmitate Reducing Chronic Pain After Caridiac Surgery TI  - Effect of Continuous Paravertebral Nerve Block Combined With Dexamethasone Palpitate vs Combined With Dexamethasone Sodium Phosphate on Chronic Postoperative Pain in Patients Undergoing Minimally Invasive Cardiac Surgery
A Multicenter, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Phase 3 Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Baricitinib in Patients With Moderate to Severe Atopic Dermatitis; The purpose of this study is to evaluate the efficacy and safety of baricitinib as monotherapy in participants with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis. AN  - NCT03334422 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study of Baricitinib (LY3009104) in Patients With Moderate to Severe Atopic Dermatitis (BREEZE-AD2) TI  - A Multicenter, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Phase 3 Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Baricitinib in Patients With Moderate to Severe Atopic Dermatitis
A Non-Interventional Study to Evaluate the Effectiveness of Delayed-Release Prednisone (RAYOS) on Clinical Assessments and Serologic Disease Activity in Patients With Active Rheumatoid Arthritis in the Clinical Practice Setting; The overall objective of the study is to assess the effectiveness of switching from immediate-release prednisone (conventional) therapy to delayed-release prednisone (RAYOS) in patients with moderately to severely active Rheumatoid Arthritis (RA), managed according to standard of care in clinical practice settings. AN  - NCT02287610 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Non-Interventional Study of RAYOS in Adult Patients With Rheumatoid Arthritis (SUNRAY) TI  - A Non-Interventional Study to Evaluate the Effectiveness of Delayed-Release Prednisone (RAYOS) on Clinical Assessments and Serologic Disease Activity in Patients With Active Rheumatoid Arthritis in the Clinical Practice Setting
A Blind-adjudication Multi-center Phase II Randomized Clinical Trial of Continuous Low-dose Intravenous Heparin Therapy in Coiled Low-grade Aneurysmal Subarachnoid Hemorrhage Patients With Significant Hemorrhage Burden; A Blind-adjudication Multi-center Phase II Randomized Clinical Trial of Continuous Low-dose Intravenous Heparin Therapy in Coiled Low-grade Aneurysmal Subarachnoid Hemorrhage Patients with Significant Hemorrhage Burden. - STUDY IS TEMPORARILY SUSPENDED WITH PLAN TO RESUME SOON. NO SAFETY CONCERNS AN  - NCT02501434 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Aneurysmal Subarachnoid Hemorrhage Trial RandOmizing Heparin (ASTROH) TI  - A Blind-adjudication Multi-center Phase II Randomized Clinical Trial of Continuous Low-dose Intravenous Heparin Therapy in Coiled Low-grade Aneurysmal Subarachnoid Hemorrhage Patients With Significant Hemorrhage Burden
A Multicenter, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Phase 3 Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Baricitinib in Adult Patients With Moderate to Severe Atopic Dermatitis; The purpose of this study is to evaluate the efficacy and safety of baricitinib in adult participants with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis. AN  - NCT03435081 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study of Baricitinib (LY3009104) in Adult Participants With Moderate to Severe Atopic Dermatitis (BREEZE-AD5) TI  - A Multicenter, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Phase 3 Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Baricitinib in Adult Patients With Moderate to Severe Atopic Dermatitis
Double Blind Atorvastatin Amlodipine Study (DUAAL) Effect Of Amlodipine, Atorvastatin And The Combination On Transient Myocardia Ischemia In Coronary Artery Disease.; Amlodipine's use in angina has been well documented in clinical trials such as the Circadian Anti-Ischemia Program in Europe (CAPE), but the impact on vascular inflammation in clinical practice has not been tested. Furthermore, the potentially synergistic benefit of atorvastatin and amlodipine on inflammation ischemic activity has not been studied. AN  - NCT00159718 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Double Blind Atorvastatin Amlodipine Study (DUAAL) TI  - Double Blind Atorvastatin Amlodipine Study (DUAAL) Effect Of Amlodipine, Atorvastatin And The Combination On Transient Myocardia Ischemia In Coronary Artery Disease.
Comparison of the Analgesic Effects of Scalp Nerve Block and Intravenous Ibuprofen Applications Under the Guidance of Nociception Level Index (NoL) in Patients Undergoing Elective Supratentorial Craniotomy; Blinding: The patients included in the study and the practicing anesthesiologist do not know which patient is included in which group. AN  - NCT05763836 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Comparison of the Analgesic Effects of Scalp Nerve Block and Intravenous Ibuprofen Applications Under the Guidance of Nociception Level Index (NoL) in Patients Undergoing Elective Supratentorial Craniotomy TI  - Comparison of the Analgesic Effects of Scalp Nerve Block and Intravenous Ibuprofen Applications Under the Guidance of Nociception Level Index (NoL) in Patients Undergoing Elective Supratentorial Craniotomy
Critical Illness Related Corticosteroid Insufficiency; the detrimental impact of dysfunction is well recognized. CIRCI may be characterized by any of the following findings with delayed weaning from mechanical ventilation and hypotension refractory to fluids and vasopressors being most common Hypotension Unresponsiveness to catecholamine infusions Ventilator dependence Abdominal or flank pain High fever with negative cultures and unresponsive to antibiotic therapy Unexplained mental changes (i.e., apathy or depression) Electrolyte abnormalities (hypoglycemia, hyponatremia, hyperkalemia) Neutropenia, eosinophilia AN  - NCT03154099 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Critical Illness Related Corticosteroids Insufficiency TI  - Critical Illness Related Corticosteroid Insufficiency
A Multi-center Randomized Controlled Trial of Efficacy and Safety of Perineural Local Anesthetics and Steroids for Chronic Peripheral Post-traumatic Neuropathic Pain: The Resperist Study; The study will compare pain relief and possible adverse effects from these three different solutions. This study will help provide definitive answers regarding pain relief and possible adverse effects of the three solutions. This, in turn, will determine the best possible option for injection in patients with nerve-related injury pain. AN  - NCT03009500 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Randomized Controlled Trial of Efficacy and Safety of Local Anesthetics and Steroids for Chronic Peripheral Post-traumatic Neuropathic Pain (RESPERIST) TI  - A Multi-center Randomized Controlled Trial of Efficacy and Safety of Perineural Local Anesthetics and Steroids for Chronic Peripheral Post-traumatic Neuropathic Pain: The Resperist Study
The DBCG RT Recon Trial: Delayed-immediate Versus Delayed Breast Reconstruction in Early Breast Cancer Patients Treated With Mastectomy and Adjuvant Loco-regional Radiation Therapy. A Multicenter Randomized and Single Arm Clinical Trial; In breast cancer patients treated by mastectomy and adjuvant post-mastectomy radiation therapy (PMRT) reconstruction is often delayed until 6 - 12 month after completion of chemotherapy and PMRT, due to high risk of complication. In this trial the safety of the delayed-immediate reconstruction method is tested, where a skin sparing mastectomy and reconstruction with silicone implant is performed at primary surgery to save the native skin for the final delayed reconstruction. AN  - NCT03730922 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Delayed-immediate Versus Delayed Breast Reconstruction in Breast Cancer Patients With Mastectomy and Radiation Therapy TI  - The DBCG RT Recon Trial: Delayed-immediate Versus Delayed Breast Reconstruction in Early Breast Cancer Patients Treated With Mastectomy and Adjuvant Loco-regional Radiation Therapy. A Multicenter Randomized and Single Arm Clinical Trial
Does Surgery-Induced Trauma Influence Postoperative Safety and Outcome Comparing Total vs. Medial Unicompartmental Knee Arthroplasty (SITA): A Prospective Cohort Study; Participants which are candidates for either a TKA or a UKA will through serial blood test measurement have their postoperative systemic inflammatory response measured. This further will be correlated to the clinical and functional outcomes over a 2-years postoperative follow-up period. AN  - NCT05735847 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Surgery Induced Trauma After Total Versus Medial Unicompartmental Knee Arthroplasty (SITA) (SITA) TI  - Does Surgery-Induced Trauma Influence Postoperative Safety and Outcome Comparing Total vs. Medial Unicompartmental Knee Arthroplasty (SITA): A Prospective Cohort Study
A 2 Arm, Multi-centre, Open Label, Parallel-group Randomised Designed Trial Investigating the Use of Sputum Colour Charts to Guide Antibiotic Self-treatment of Acute Exacerbation of COPD in Patients With COPD - Colour COPD; The primary objective of this study is to determine if a sputum colour chart can aid patient self-management of COPD exacerbations, such that use of the chart is non-inferior to usual care with respect to hospital admissions. There are also a range of other secondary objectives as detailed in the secondary outcomes section. An integral pilot phase, economic evaluation and process evaluation are also included. AN  - NCT04705233 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Sputum Colour Charts to Guide Antibiotic Self-treatment of Acute Exacerbation of COPD (Colour COPD) TI  - A 2 Arm, Multi-centre, Open Label, Parallel-group Randomised Designed Trial Investigating the Use of Sputum Colour Charts to Guide Antibiotic Self-treatment of Acute Exacerbation of COPD in Patients With COPD - Colour COPD
Heat Therapy for Fibromyalgia: The Effect on Chronic Pain and Possible Mechanisms; The purpose of this study is to see if heat therapy intervention via hot water immersion (i.e., a hot tub) is an effective treatment for patients with Fibromyalgia. AN  - NCT03768947 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Heat Therapy for Fibromyalgia TI  - Heat Therapy for Fibromyalgia: The Effect on Chronic Pain and Possible Mechanisms
A Multicenter, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Phase 3 Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Baricitinib in Adult Patients With Moderate to Severe Atopic Dermatitis; The purpose of this study is to evaluate the efficacy and safety of baricitinib as monotherapy in participants with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis. AN  - NCT03334396 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study of Baricitinib (LY3009104) in Patients With Moderate to Severe Atopic Dermatitis (BREEZE-AD1) TI  - A Multicenter, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Phase 3 Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Baricitinib in Adult Patients With Moderate to Severe Atopic Dermatitis
Walking Green: Developing an Evidence-base for Nature Prescriptions; The effects of walking in these different locations will be measured using physiological and psychological outcomes. The study design is a randomized with-in person cross-over trial. Subjects will take six 50-minute walks, one walk per week for six weeks. Three walks will occur in the urban setting and three in the nature setting. The order of the conditions will be randomly assigned to each subject, so that half of the subjects will complete the urban walks first and half the subjects will complete the nature walks first. There will be a two-week washout period between the two sets of walks. Day of the week will be fixed within person, and walks will occur during the mild weather months. In the case of inclement weather, the weekly walk will be skipped and an additional week will be added to the schedule. Limiting the frequency to one walk per week maximizes feasibility of the protocol and minimizes training effects, with any training effects over time being handled primarily by randomization (condition order is balanced), but also in the statistical analysis. AN  - NCT03442998 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Walking Green: Developing an Evidence-base for Nature Prescriptions TI  - Walking Green: Developing an Evidence-base for Nature Prescriptions
Pain Experience in Individuals With Chronic Low Back Pain: a Cohort Study; Based on our findings, future research may use similar clinical assessment to identify people who might be helped to self-manage by using treatment that reduces central sensitisation. AN  - NCT03972332 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Pain Experience in Individuals With Chronic Low Back Pain TI  - Pain Experience in Individuals With Chronic Low Back Pain: a Cohort Study
The DAWN Antivirals Trial: the Efficacy of Antivirals for COVID-19 Infections Presenting to Ambulatory Care: a Randomized Controlled Trial; This is a prospective, placebo controlled, individually randomized controlled phase III trial in Primary Care, assessing the efficacy of antivirals, i.e. camostat and molnupiravir, in accelerating recovery in Covid-19 patients. AN  - NCT04730206 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The DAWN Antivirals Trial for Ambulatory COVID-19 Patients (DAWN) TI  - The DAWN Antivirals Trial: the Efficacy of Antivirals for COVID-19 Infections Presenting to Ambulatory Care: a Randomized Controlled Trial
An Open-Label, Multicenter, Efficacy and Safety Study to Evaluate Two Treatment Algorithms in Subjects With Moderate to Severe Crohn's Disease; The primary objective of this study was to demonstrate that tight control of disease activity, using stringent criteria based on Crohn's disease activity Index (CDAI), biomarkers (high sensitivity C-reactive protein [hs-CRP] and fecal calprotectin), and corticosteroid use, improves the rate of mucosal healing 48 weeks after randomization compared with management using less stringent criteria based only on CDAI and corticosteroid use. AN  - NCT01235689 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Efficacy and Safety of Two Treatment Algorithms in Adults With Moderate to Severe Crohn's Disease (CALM) TI  - An Open-Label, Multicenter, Efficacy and Safety Study to Evaluate Two Treatment Algorithms in Subjects With Moderate to Severe Crohn's Disease
Beneficial Exposome: Investigating Its Effect on Human Health; The purpose of this study is to explore the positive, holistic health outcomes resulting from regular exposure to naturally occurring compounds predicted to have health benefits. The researchers hope to learn how the human body is influenced by regular exposure to these compounds. AN  - NCT06093464 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Beneficial Exposome Study TI  - Beneficial Exposome: Investigating Its Effect on Human Health
The METRIC Study Protocol: an Explanatory Randomized Controlled Trial Investigating the Neurophysiological Mechanisms Underlying the Therapeutic Effects of Spinal Manipulative Therapy for Chronic Primary Low Back Pain; The goal of this clinical trial is to test the effects of spinal manipulative therapy in individuals with chronic primary low back pain and determine the neurophysiological mechanisms underlying pain relief. The main questions it aims to answer are: • Is pain relief produced by spinal manipulative therapy in patients with chronic primary low back pain caused by a reduction of C-fiber-related nociceptive processing? • Are these effects greater when spinal manipulative therapy is applied to the whole spine where it is clinically indicated compared with lumbar spine only? • Are these effects greater after 36 treatments over 3 months compared with 12 treatments over 1 month. Participants will receive spinal manipulative therapy (all clinically indicated spine segments or back only) or a control intervention. A group of healthy volunteers will be recruited to assess secondary outcome measures over the same time period, as reference data for comparisons. Researchers will compare the two groups receiving spinal manipulative therapy to the group receiving the control intervention to see if clinical pain relief and the reduction of temporal summation of second pain (produced experimentally) is significantly greater with spinal manipulative therapy. AN  - NCT05986370 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The METRIC Study Protocol (METRIC) TI  - The METRIC Study Protocol: an Explanatory Randomized Controlled Trial Investigating the Neurophysiological Mechanisms Underlying the Therapeutic Effects of Spinal Manipulative Therapy for Chronic Primary Low Back Pain
Determining the Minimum Clinically Important Difference (MCID) and Patient Acceptable Symptom State (PASS) for Acute Pain and Quality of Recovery After Orthopedic Surgery; This study seeks to define what constitutes an MCID and a PASS in patients undergoing a variety of elective major orthopedic surgery. AN  - NCT04811209 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - MCID and PASS for Acute Pain and Quality of Recovery After Orthopedic Surgery TI  - Determining the Minimum Clinically Important Difference (MCID) and Patient Acceptable Symptom State (PASS) for Acute Pain and Quality of Recovery After Orthopedic Surgery
A Study to Evaluate the Safety, Tolerability, Efficacy, Pharmacokinetics, and Electrophysiology of ANAVEX3-71 in Adult Patients With Schizophrenia in a Multiple Ascending Dose Study (Part A), Followed by a Double-Blind, Randomized, Placebo-Controlled Study (Part B); A study to evaluate the safety, tolerability, efficacy, pharmacokinetics, and electrophysiology of ANAVEX3-71 in patients with Schizophrenia. AN  - NCT06245213 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study of ANAVEX3-71 in Adults With Schizophrenia (SZ-001) TI  - A Study to Evaluate the Safety, Tolerability, Efficacy, Pharmacokinetics, and Electrophysiology of ANAVEX3-71 in Adult Patients With Schizophrenia in a Multiple Ascending Dose Study (Part A), Followed by a Double-Blind, Randomized, Placebo-Controlled Study (Part B)
A Masked, Randomized Controlled Trial Evaluating Locally-applied Gentamicin Versus Saline in Open Tibia Fractures; Local application of antibiotics directly to the traumatic wound is a promising treatment for the prevention of infection after open tibia fractures, which are a significant source of disease burden globally, particularly in low-income countries. This study aims to measure the effect of locally applied gentamicin on risk of infection for open tibial fractures in Tanzania. If proven effective, local gentamicin would be a highly cost-effective strategy to reduce complications and disability from open tibial fractures that could impact care in both high- and low-income countries. AN  - NCT05157126 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Gentamicin Open Tibia Study (GO-Tibia) TI  - A Masked, Randomized Controlled Trial Evaluating Locally-applied Gentamicin Versus Saline in Open Tibia Fractures
Hair Cortisol as Marker of Chronic Stress in Preterm and Term Fathers - Fathair-study; - Are there secondary outcomes associated to the cortisol level of fathers? Participants will give a hair sample to analyse the cortisol level and fill out questionnaires at three time points. At six months of the infant's age, the investigators will also measure the paternal sensitivity. AN  - NCT05969431 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Hair Cortisol as Marker of Chronic Stress in Preterm and Term Fathers - Fathair-study TI  - Hair Cortisol as Marker of Chronic Stress in Preterm and Term Fathers - Fathair-study
Evaluation of Triamcinolone's Efficacy on the Ultrasound- Guided Infiltration in the Quadratus Lumborum Syndrome: a Double Blind, Randomized, Controlled Study; This study has the primary goal of evaluating the efficacy of corticoid infiltration in the quadratus lumborum syndrome, aiming to determine if there are benefits with the use of corticosteroids and if they exist, if this improvement comes only from the systemic effects of corticosteroid administration. AN  - NCT03407027 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Efficacy of Corticoid Infiltration in Quadratus Lumborum Syndrome TI  - Evaluation of Triamcinolone's Efficacy on the Ultrasound- Guided Infiltration in the Quadratus Lumborum Syndrome: a Double Blind, Randomized, Controlled Study
Treatment of Refractory Systemic Lupus Erythematosus by Injection of Allogeneic Mesenchymal Stem Cells Derived From the Umbilical Cord; According to their in vitro immunomodulatory properties and ability to induce tissue repair mechanisms, mesenchymal stem cells (MSC) have been proposed as a new therapy for several AD, including SLE. The use of allogeneic umbilical cord-derived MSC is based on experimental and human clinical data, particularly produced by Nanjing team (Pr Sun) in China. It is also logical to select SLE patients with the same severity criteria as those used worldwide to validate the efficacy of anti-Blys therapies. Similarly, the analysis of the expected results should take into account criteria similar or comparable to those used for the pivotal clinical trials. This trial is a unique opportunity to set up collaboration between Saint-Louis APHP, clinical expert center for cell therapy in AD, and University College London for cell manufacturing. AN  - NCT03562065 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Treatment of Refractory Systemic Lupus Erythematosus by Allogeneic Mesenchymal Stem Cells Derived From the Umbilical Cord (MSC-SLE) TI  - Treatment of Refractory Systemic Lupus Erythematosus by Injection of Allogeneic Mesenchymal Stem Cells Derived From the Umbilical Cord
Tai Chi in Patients With Ankylosing Spondylitis; The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of Tai Chi exercises on functionality, disease activity, functional exercise capacity, spinal mobility, lower extremity strength and quality of life in AS patients with biological agents. AN  - NCT03807180 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effects of Tai Chi in Patients With Ankylosing Spondylitis Receiving Anti-tumor Necrosis Factor Alpha Therapy TI  - Tai Chi in Patients With Ankylosing Spondylitis
The Effect of Low Dose Corticosteroids on Perioperative Markers of Thrombosis and Fibrinolysis in Total Knee Arthroplasty; In this study, investigators recruit patients undergoing total knee arthroplasty surgery. Patients are randomized to receive three 100 mg doses of hydrocortisone or three doses of a saline placebo. In addition to analyzing patients' blood samples for hydrocortisone's effect on clotting factors (i.e. IL-6), investigators record patients' pain scores and patients' oral analgesic use. To assess patients' well-being, patients are contacted one month and 3 months following their surgeries and administered the Patient Health Questionnaire (see reference 23, "The PHQ-9: validity of a brief depression severity measure.") arthroplasty. AN  - NCT01815918 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effect of Low Dose Corticosteroids on Perioperative Markers of Thrombosis and Fibrinolysis in Total Knee Arthroplasty TI  - The Effect of Low Dose Corticosteroids on Perioperative Markers of Thrombosis and Fibrinolysis in Total Knee Arthroplasty
GB34 Acupuncture as Adjuvant in Early Phase of Medical Treatment of Mild Acute Cholecystitis; The purpose of this pilot study is to investigate the effects of GB34 acupuncture, performed as adjuvant to standard medical treatment, on clinical response and laboratory parameters of patients with a diagnosis of acute cholecystitis. AN  - NCT04960189 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - GB34 Acupuncture in Acute Cholecystitis TI  - GB34 Acupuncture as Adjuvant in Early Phase of Medical Treatment of Mild Acute Cholecystitis
Clinically Important Changes in Rheumatoid Arthritis; At the second visit, in addition to the above procedures, participants will complete a questionnaire to rate the importance of changes, if any, in pain, morning stiffness, fatigue, joint swelling, functioning, worry, depression, and overall impressions, since the first visit. AN  - NCT00056602 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Clinically Important Changes in Rheumatoid Arthritis TI  - Clinically Important Changes in Rheumatoid Arthritis
Investigation on Clinical Features of Suspected and Confirmed Patients of 2019 Novel Coronavirus Infection in Isolation Unit; Outbreak of 2019 Novel Coronavirus infection started in Wuhan and quickly spread to the world. Suspected patients were isolated and treated in our department. Clinical data was recorded to investigate the clinical features of patients confirmed and excluded diagnosed of 2019 Novel Coronavirus infection. AN  - NCT04279782 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Clinical Features of Suspected and Confirmed Patients of 2019 Novel Coronavirus Infection TI  - Investigation on Clinical Features of Suspected and Confirmed Patients of 2019 Novel Coronavirus Infection in Isolation Unit
Investigation of the Effect of Central Sensitization on Steroid Injection Response in Patients With Shoulder Pain Secondary to Rotator Cuff Lesion; 2. Do the clinical features of patients with central sensitization differ from those of those without? Participants will be applied a shoulder injection and the treatment response will be monitored. AN  - NCT05926895 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Investigation of the Effect of Central Sensitization (CS) on Steroid Injection Response in Rotator Cuff Lesion (CS) TI  - Investigation of the Effect of Central Sensitization on Steroid Injection Response in Patients With Shoulder Pain Secondary to Rotator Cuff Lesion
An Investigator-initiated and Conducted Multicentre, Prospective, Randomised, Double-blinded Placebo-controlled Clinical Trial to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Chinese Herbal Medicine in Patients With Acute Intracerebral Haemorrhage; TCM is an essential context of the ICH management in Chinese culture. Given the potential benefits of Chinese herbal medicine FYTF-919 in reducing haematoma and bleeding after acute ICH from fundamental research and small clinical studies, more reliable evidence is required to guide ICH treatment using TCM. This study aims to determine the effectiveness and safety of TCM in a larger sample of patients with moderate-severe ICH and provide evidence for TCM clinical guidelines on ICH management. The presumed mechanism of action is in promoting the reabsorption of the haematoma and perihematomal oedema in ICH. AN  - NCT05066620 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Chinese Herbal Medicine in Acute INtracerebral Haemorrhage (CHAIN) Trial TI  - An Investigator-initiated and Conducted Multicentre, Prospective, Randomised, Double-blinded Placebo-controlled Clinical Trial to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Chinese Herbal Medicine in Patients With Acute Intracerebral Haemorrhage
Ibuprofen Sodium Tension Headache Study; This study will compare the ability of a single-dose of a novel ibuprofen formulation to relieve pain compared to placebo and standard ibuprofen in the treatment of tension-type headache AN  - NCT01362491 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Ibuprofen Sodium Tension Headache Study TI  - Ibuprofen Sodium Tension Headache Study
Randomized, Double-blind, Multicenter, Phase III Study Comparing the Efficacy and Safety of Retosiban Versus Placebo for Women in Spontaneous Preterm Labor; The study's primary objective is to demonstrate the superiority of retosiban to prolong pregnancy and improve neonatal outcomes compared with placebo. It is a Phase III, randomized, double-blind, parallel-group, multicenter study and will be conducted in approximately 900 females, aged 12 to 45 years, with an uncomplicated, singleton pregnancy and intact membranes in preterm labor between 24^0/7 and 33^6/7 weeks of gestation. Eligible maternal subjects will be randomly assigned in a 1:1 ratio to receive either retosiban IV infusion or placebo IV infusion over 48 hours. If not previously administered, antenatal corticosteroid treatment should be administered as either (1) two 12-mg doses of betamethasone given intramuscularly 24 hours apart or (2) four 6-mg doses of betamethasone administered intramuscularly every 12 hours. A single rescue course of antenatal corticosteroids is permitted if the antecedent treatment was at least 7 days prior to study enrolment. Investigators have discretion to use a standardized regimen of magnesium sulphate, as well as intrapartum antibiotic prophylaxis for perinatal group B streptococcal infection. Prior to randomization, each subject will be stratified by progesterone treatment and gestational age. The progesterone strata will consist of subjects on established progesterone therapy or subjects not on established progesterone therapy at Screening. The study will comprise 6 phases: Screening, Inpatient Randomized Treatment, Post Infusion Assessment, Delivery, Maternal Post-Delivery Assessment, and Neonatal Medical Review. The duration of any subject's (maternal or neonatal) participation in the study will be variable and dependent on gestational ages (GA) at study entry and the date of delivery. AN  - NCT02377466 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Phase III Efficacy and Safety Study of Intravenous Retosiban Versus Placebo for Women in Spontaneous Preterm Labor (NEWBORN-1) TI  - Randomized, Double-blind, Multicenter, Phase III Study Comparing the Efficacy and Safety of Retosiban Versus Placebo for Women in Spontaneous Preterm Labor
COPD, Inflammation and Rehabilitation; It is important for COPD patients is to prevent exacerbations of the disease, which sometimes requires hospitalization and sometimes treated by their own doctor. It has been proven that inflammation in the lungs is associated with disease severity and exacerbation frequency, and therefore we would like to investigate whether both rehabilitation, close monitoring of patients with time in the pulmonary clinic every 3 months, and instruction in self-administration of medication (antibiotics and corticosteroids) have an effect on especially inflammation in the lungs, number of exacerbations, mortality, lung function and walking capacity. AN  - NCT01700296 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - COPD, Inflammation and Rehabilitation TI  - COPD, Inflammation and Rehabilitation
Evaluation Of The Efficacy Of A Novel Ibuprofen Formulation In The Treatment Of Episodic Tension-Type Headache; This study will compare the ability of a single-dose of a novel ibuprofen formulation to relieve pain compared to placebo and standard ibuprofen in the treatment of episodic tension-type headache. AN  - NCT01077973 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study Evaluating A Novel Ibuprofen Formulation In Episodic Tension-Type Headache TI  - Evaluation Of The Efficacy Of A Novel Ibuprofen Formulation In The Treatment Of Episodic Tension-Type Headache
Effect of the Peri-incisional Multimodal Cocktail Infiltration on Postcraniotomy Headache; Postcraniotomy headache (PCH) has been underestimated for the past decades. However, current treatments for PCH are either considered insufficient or accompanied by severe side-effects. Some studies revealed that peri-incisional injection of a mixed cocktail that contains ropivacaine, epinephrine, ketorolac, and methylprednisolone showed significant efficacy in relieving postoperative pain after total hip or knee arthroplasty. Previous literature reported that the cause of PCH was related to incision of the scalp and dura, which is considered similar to causes to postoperative pain after total hip or knee arthroplasty. Thus, investigators suppose that the cocktail mixture can better relieve PCH in adults. AN  - NCT03915639 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effect of the Peri-incisional Multimodal Cocktail Infiltration on Postcraniotomy Headache TI  - Effect of the Peri-incisional Multimodal Cocktail Infiltration on Postcraniotomy Headache
Ultrasound Guided Emergency Physician Performed Erector Spinae Nerve Block for Rib Fracture Analgesia; The study will be a prospective randomized double blinded placebo controlled clinical trial using ultrasound guided erector spinae plane block as an analgesic adjunct among adult emergency department (ED) patients with rib fractures using mean morphine milligram equivalents as the primary outcome. AN  - NCT04168710 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Ultrasound Guided Emergency Physician Performed Erector Spinae Nerve Block for Rib Fracture Analgesia TI  - Ultrasound Guided Emergency Physician Performed Erector Spinae Nerve Block for Rib Fracture Analgesia
Impact of Local Steroid Application in Extreme Lateral Lumbar Interbody Fusion; Several studies have demonstrated reduced patient reported pain scores following steroid administration, particularly in the early postoperative period. However, few studies have investigated the efficacy of intraoperative local injection of corticosteroid in reducing the incidence and duration of postoperative pain or neurologic injury for XLIF patients. AN  - NCT03327272 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Impact of Local Steroid Application in Extreme Lateral Lumbar Interbody Fusion TI  - Impact of Local Steroid Application in Extreme Lateral Lumbar Interbody Fusion
Serial Response and Biomarker-Guided Steroid Taper for Children With GVHD; The doctors conducting this research have developed a blood test (GVHD biomarkers) that predicts whether a patient will respond well to steroids. The study team found that children who have low GVHD biomarkers at the start of treatment and for the first two weeks of treatment have a very high response rate to steroids. In this study, the study team will monitor GVHD symptoms and biomarkers during treatment and taper steroids quickly in patients who have GVHD that is expected to respond very well to treatment. The study team will assess how many patients respond well to lower steroid dosing and what steroid complications develop. The study team will also use surveys to obtain the patient's own assessment of their quality of life (down to age 5 years). AN  - NCT05090384 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Pediatric GVHD Low Risk Steroid Taper Trial TI  - Serial Response and Biomarker-Guided Steroid Taper for Children With GVHD
A Phase III Randomized Open-label Multi-center Study of Ruxolitinib Versus Best Available Therapy in Patients With Corticosteroid-refractory Acute Graft vs. Host Disease After Allogeneic Stem Cell Transplantation; Assess the efficacy and safety of ruxolitinib compared to Best Available Therapy (BAT) in patients with corticosteroid-refractory acute graft vs. host disease (aGvHD) after allogeneic stem cell transplantation. AN  - NCT02913261 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Safety and Efficacy of Ruxolitinib Versus Best Available Therapy in Patients With Corticosteroid-refractory Acute Graft vs. Host Disease After Allogeneic Stem Cell Transplantation (REACH2) TI  - A Phase III Randomized Open-label Multi-center Study of Ruxolitinib Versus Best Available Therapy in Patients With Corticosteroid-refractory Acute Graft vs. Host Disease After Allogeneic Stem Cell Transplantation
A Multicenter, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Phase 3 Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Baricitinib in Combination With Topical Corticosteroids in Adult Patients With Moderate to Severe Atopic Dermatitis BREEZE-AD7; The purpose of this study is to evaluate the efficacy and safety of baricitinib in combination with topical corticosteroids (TCS) in participants with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis. AN  - NCT03733301 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study of Baricitinib (LY3009104) in Combination With Topical Corticosteroids in Adults With Moderate to Severe Atopic Dermatitis (BREEZE-AD7) TI  - A Multicenter, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Phase 3 Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Baricitinib in Combination With Topical Corticosteroids in Adult Patients With Moderate to Severe Atopic Dermatitis BREEZE-AD7
Patient-Centered Comparative Effectiveness Research (CER) Study of Home-based Interventions to Prevent CA-MRSA Infection Recurrence; The overall goal of the project is to develop and evaluate a home-based intervention to prevent re-infection and transmission of Community-Acquired Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (CA-MRSA) in patients presenting to primary care with skin or soft tissue infections (SSTIs). Centers for Disease Control (CDC) CA-MRSA guidelines include incision and drainage, antibiotic sensitivity testing and antibiogram-directed prescribing. Re-infections are common, ranging from 16% to 43%, and present significant challenges to clinicians, patients and their families. Several decolonization and decontamination interventions have been shown to reduce Hospital-Acquired MRSA (HA-MRSA) re-infection and transmission in intensive care units. Few studies examine the feasibility and effectiveness of these infection prevention interventions into primary care settings, and none employ Community Health Workers (CHWs) or "promotoras" to provide home visits for education and interventions about decolonization and decontamination. This comparative effectiveness research/patient centered outcomes research builds upon a highly stakeholder-engaged community-academic research and learning collaborative, including practicing clinicians, patients, clinical and laboratory researchers, and barbers/beauticians. Clinical Directors Network (CDN), an established, NIH-recognized best practice Federally Qualified Health Center (FQHC) Practice-based Research Network (PBRN), and The Rockefeller University propose to address this question through the completion of four aims: (1) To evaluate the comparative effectiveness of a CHW/Promotora-delivered home intervention (Experimental Group) as compared to Usual Care (Control Group) on the primary patient-centered and clinical outcome (SSTI recurrence rates) and secondary patient-centered and clinical outcomes (pain, depression, quality of life, care satisfaction) using a two-arm randomized controlled trial (RCT). (2) To understand the patient-level factors (CA-MRSA infection prevention knowledge, self-efficacy, decision-making autonomy, prevention behaviors/adherence) and environmental-level factors (household surface contamination, household member colonization, transmission to household members) that are associated with differences in SSTI recurrence rates. (3) To understand interactions of the intervention with bacterial genotypic and phenotypic variables on decontamination, decolonization, SSTI recurrence, and household transmission. (4) To explore the evolution of stakeholder engagement and interactions among patients and other community stakeholders with practicing community-based clinicians and academic laboratory and clinical investigators over the duration of the study period. AN  - NCT02566928 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Patient-Centered Comparative Effectiveness Research (CER) Study of Home-based Interventions to Prevent CA-MRSA Infection Recurrence (CAMP-2) TI  - Patient-Centered Comparative Effectiveness Research (CER) Study of Home-based Interventions to Prevent CA-MRSA Infection Recurrence
Outcomes for Anesthesiologist-Led Care of Analgesic Protocol in Anorectal Surgery; This will be an open, prospective, parallel-group, randomized controlled trial. Patients scheduled for complex anorectal surgery under general anesthesia will be enrolled, and the perioperative analgesia mode led by anesthesiologists will be established. Compared with the perioperative analgesia mode led by surgeons, the efficacy and safety of analgesia, quality of life and satisfaction of patients will be evaluated. This study is aimed at the feasibility and efficiacy of anesthesiologist-led treatment mode in the management of moderate and severe pain in patients after complex anorectal surgery. AN  - NCT06015165 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Outcomes for Anesthesiologist-Led Care of Analgesic Protocol in Anorectal Surgery TI  - Outcomes for Anesthesiologist-Led Care of Analgesic Protocol in Anorectal Surgery
The Role of the Antioxidant Effects of Vitamin C in Improving the Prognosis of Patients With Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease: A Multicenter, Randomized, Double-Blind, Parallel-Group, Placebo-Controlled Study.; 2. Report any adverse events or health changes during the trial. AN  - NCT06664957 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Vitamin C's Antioxidant Effects and COPD Prognosis TI  - The Role of the Antioxidant Effects of Vitamin C in Improving the Prognosis of Patients With Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease: A Multicenter, Randomized, Double-Blind, Parallel-Group, Placebo-Controlled Study.
Clinical Trial to Evaluate the Efficacy of Bee Venom Acupuncture on Chronic Low Back Pain; The purpose of this study is to evaluate the efficacy of bee venom acupuncture on pain intensity, functional status and quality of life of patients with chronic low back pain. AN  - NCT01491321 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Bee Venom Acupuncture for the Treatment of Chronic Low Back Pain TI  - Clinical Trial to Evaluate the Efficacy of Bee Venom Acupuncture on Chronic Low Back Pain
Double-blind Clinical Trial to Evaluate the Safety and Efficacy of Two Doses of Prolonged Release Pirfenidone, Compared Against Placebo Plus Conventional Therapy in Patients With Compensated Liver Cirrhosis.; This will be a multicenter, double-blind clinical trial to evaluate the safety and efficacy of two doses of prolonged release pirfenidone, compared against placebo plus conventional therapy in patients with compensated liver cirrhosis. The study will be conducted in compliance with International Standard good clinical practices (GCPs) and the Declaration of Helsinki. The protocol is approved by a local Institutional Review Board and registered in clinical trials.gov. AN  - NCT06267794 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Prolonged Release Pirfenidone Versus Placebo in Compensated Cirrhosis. (ODISEA) TI  - Double-blind Clinical Trial to Evaluate the Safety and Efficacy of Two Doses of Prolonged Release Pirfenidone, Compared Against Placebo Plus Conventional Therapy in Patients With Compensated Liver Cirrhosis.
A Phase 3, Multicenter, Randomized, Open Label Study of ABBV-383 Compared With Standard Available Therapies in Subjects With Relapsed or Refractory Multiple Myeloma (3L+ RRMM Monotherapy Study); There may be higher treatment burden for participants in this trial compared to their standard of care. Participants will attend regular visits during the study at a hospital or clinic. The effect of the treatment will be checked by medical assessments, blood tests, checking for side effects and questionnaires. AN  - NCT06158841 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study Assessing Activity of Intravenous (IV) ABBV-383 Monotherapy Versus Standard Available Therapies in Adult Participants With Relapsed or Refractory Multiple Myeloma TI  - A Phase 3, Multicenter, Randomized, Open Label Study of ABBV-383 Compared With Standard Available Therapies in Subjects With Relapsed or Refractory Multiple Myeloma (3L+ RRMM Monotherapy Study)
The Epidemiology of Atopic Dermatitis, Associated Comorbidities, and Treatment Patterns in the United Kingdom (UK); Most people with eczema are managed by their general practitioner (GP) with only a few people requiring specialist care. GP records therefore provide an excellent opportunity to explore how common eczema is and which treatments are being used currently. This study aims to provide accurate estimates of the number of people with current eczema (prevalence), number developing new onset eczema (incidence), and the pattern of common comorbidities in people with eczema. It also aims describe current treatment patterns by age groups and other factors. It also will look back over the last decade to identify how the number of people with eczema and treatments changing over time. The study will also explore patterns in the people most commonly affected and in the treatments used. AN  - NCT03823794 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Trends in the Epidemiology and Treatment of Atopic Dermatitis in the United Kingdom (UK) TI  - The Epidemiology of Atopic Dermatitis, Associated Comorbidities, and Treatment Patterns in the United Kingdom (UK)
The Effect of Dexamethasone on Symptoms in Patients With Advanced Cancer; The goal of this clinical research study is to learn if dexamethasone can help to control symptoms such as fatigue, pain, nausea, weight loss, loss of appetite, sleep problems, and/or depression in patients with advanced cancer. AN  - NCT00489307 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Dexamethasone for Symptom Burden in Advanced Cancer Patients TI  - The Effect of Dexamethasone on Symptoms in Patients With Advanced Cancer
Ultrasound-guided Transmuscular Quadratus Lumborum Block for Elective Caesarean Section. A Double Blind, Randomized, Placebo Controlled Trial.; ECS is a very common procedure. A 1-year retrospective survey revealed a vast opioid consumption among the new mothers of approximately (mean±SD) 35±25 mg of oral morphine in the first 24 postoperative hours despite a multimodal analgesic regimen. The adverse effects of morphine are well known and include postoperative nausea and vomiting (PONV), itching, fatigue, constipation, confusion, respiratory depression and delayed mobilization. These adverse effects are unsound for the new mothers as well as the breast-fed, newborn children. This study aims to evaluate the efficacy of bilateral Transmuscular Quadratus Lumborum (TQL) block in reducing postoperative morphine consumption and pain. AN  - NCT03068260 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Ultrasound-guided Transmuscular Quadratus Lumborum Block for Elective Caesarean Section. TI  - Ultrasound-guided Transmuscular Quadratus Lumborum Block for Elective Caesarean Section. A Double Blind, Randomized, Placebo Controlled Trial.
The Effect of Probiotics on Maintenance of Health in Pregnancy and Infants: a Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo Controlled Study; This phase 2 study evaluates the effect of perinatal use of probiotics on the number of diagnosed viral, bacterial and fungal infections in pregnant women and on the maintenance of a health pregnancy. In addition, the effect of probiotics intake during pregnancy and breastfeeding on the infant's overall health status will be evaluated. AN  - NCT03310853 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Effect of Probiotics on Maintenance of Health in Pregnancy and Infants TI  - The Effect of Probiotics on Maintenance of Health in Pregnancy and Infants: a Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo Controlled Study
The Effects of Remimazolam Tosilate Sedation Compared With Midazolam Sedation in Dental Patients: A Double Blind, Prospective , Randomized Controlled Trial; Remimazolam Tosilate is a new short-acting benzodiazepines used in sedation. It has the advantages of rapid metabolism, quick recovery without injection pain. This study aims to compared with Midazolam, study whether Remimazolam Tosilate can achieve the same sedation effect with lower side effects on sedation maintenance period, During the recovery period of anesthesia, can Remimazolam Tosilatebe more stable and rapid. AN  - NCT04602845 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Remimazolam Tosilate Sedation and Midazolam Sedation in Dental Patients TI  - The Effects of Remimazolam Tosilate Sedation Compared With Midazolam Sedation in Dental Patients: A Double Blind, Prospective , Randomized Controlled Trial
NEP-TUNE: Neuropathic Pain - Treatment With Pregabalin Under Real-life Conditions In Denmark; Observational study to assess the effectiveness and use of pregabalin (Lyrica) in the treatment of patients with peripheral neuropathic pain in real-life daily clinical practice. AN  - NCT01524796 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - NEP-TUNE: Neuropathic Pain - Treatment With Pregabalin Under Real-life Conditions in Denmark (NEP-TUNE) TI  - NEP-TUNE: Neuropathic Pain - Treatment With Pregabalin Under Real-life Conditions In Denmark
A Phase 4, Multicenter, Single-Arm, Open-Label Study to Evaluate the Impact of Apremilast (CC-10004) on MRI Outcomes in Subjects With Active Psoriatic Arthritis; This study is designed to assess the efficacy of apremilast, either in monotherapy or with stable methotrexate, on imaging outcomes in adults with active psoriatic arthritis with less than 5 years of disease duration (since diagnosis), and who are naïve to biologic therapies. AN  - NCT03783026 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study to Evaluate the Impact of Apremilast on Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) Outcomes in Adults With Psoriatic Arthritis (MOSAIC) TI  - A Phase 4, Multicenter, Single-Arm, Open-Label Study to Evaluate the Impact of Apremilast (CC-10004) on MRI Outcomes in Subjects With Active Psoriatic Arthritis
A Prospective Real-World Evidence Study Evaluating the Effects of Voltaren Use on Mobility and Quality of Life in Participants With Knee Osteoarthritis (OA) Pain; The purpose of this study is to investigate how topical diclofenac use can improve functional mobility and physical activity primarily, as well as other quality-of-life (QoL) parameters such as sleep, mood, and engagement in daily activities in participants with knee OA. AN  - NCT06379893 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Real-World Evidence Study to Evaluate the Effects of Voltaren Use on Mobility and Quality of Life in Participants With Knee Osteoarthritis Pain TI  - A Prospective Real-World Evidence Study Evaluating the Effects of Voltaren Use on Mobility and Quality of Life in Participants With Knee Osteoarthritis (OA) Pain
A Phase 3, Multicenter, Randomized, Open-Label Trial to Evaluate the Safety and Efficacy of Epcoritamab + Rituximab and Lenalidomide (R2) Compared to Chemoimmunotherapy in Previously Untreated Follicular Lymphoma (EPCORE™FL-2); There may be higher treatment burden for participants in this trial compared to their standard of care. Participants will attend regular visits during the study at a hospital or clinic. The effect of the treatment will be checked by medical assessments, blood tests, checking for side effects and completing questionnaires. AN  - NCT06191744 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study of Subcutaneous Epcoritamab in Combination With Intravenous Rituximab and Oral Lenalidomide (R2) to Assess Adverse Events and Change in Disease Activity in Adult Participants With Previously Untreated Follicular Lymphoma (EPCORE™FL-2) TI  - A Phase 3, Multicenter, Randomized, Open-Label Trial to Evaluate the Safety and Efficacy of Epcoritamab + Rituximab and Lenalidomide (R2) Compared to Chemoimmunotherapy in Previously Untreated Follicular Lymphoma (EPCORE™FL-2)
SELECT2: A Randomized Controlled Trial to Optimize Patient's Selection for Endovascular Treatment in Acute Ischemic Stroke; SELECT 2 evaluates the efficacy and safety of endovascular thrombectomy compared to medical management alone in acute ischemic stroke patients due to a large vessel occlusion in the distal ICA and MCA M1 who have large core on either CT (ASPECTS: 3-5) or advanced perfusion imaging ([rCBF<30%] on CTP or [ADC<620] on MRI: ≥50cc) or both and are treated within 0-24 hours from last known well. AN  - NCT03876457 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - SELECT2: A Randomized Controlled Trial to Optimize Patient's Selection for Endovascular Treatment in Acute Ischemic Stroke (SELECT2) TI  - SELECT2: A Randomized Controlled Trial to Optimize Patient's Selection for Endovascular Treatment in Acute Ischemic Stroke
Bacterial Interference for Preventing Recurrent Urinary Tract Infection - New Ways of Treatment; We intend to strengthen the clinical evidence that it can be used as patient treatment through a clinical, placebo-controlled, double-blind trial at Odense University Hospital. AN  - NCT04846803 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Bacterial Interference for Preventing Recurrent Urinary Tract Infection - New Ways of Treatment (BIrUTI) TI  - Bacterial Interference for Preventing Recurrent Urinary Tract Infection - New Ways of Treatment
A PHASE 3B/4 RANDOMIZED DOUBLE BLIND PLACEBO CONTROLLED STUDY OF METHOTREXATE (MTX) WITHDRAWAL IN SUBJECTS WITH RHEUMATOID ARTHRITIS (RA) TREATED WITH TOFACITINIB 11MG MODIFIED RELEASE (MR) FORMULATION; This study is designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of tofacitinib modified release formulation (11mg QD) versus tofacitinib modified release formulation plus continued methotrexate treatment in subjects with moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis who are insufficiently responding to their stable dose of methotrexate treatment. AN  - NCT02831855 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Methotrexate Withdrawal Study of Tofacitinib Modified Release Formulation in Subjects With Rheumatoid Arthritis TI  - A PHASE 3B/4 RANDOMIZED DOUBLE BLIND PLACEBO CONTROLLED STUDY OF METHOTREXATE (MTX) WITHDRAWAL IN SUBJECTS WITH RHEUMATOID ARTHRITIS (RA) TREATED WITH TOFACITINIB 11MG MODIFIED RELEASE (MR) FORMULATION
Management of Chronic Low Back Pain in Older Adults Using Auricular Point Acupressure; The Ecological Momentary Assessment (EMA) smart phone app will be used to collect real-time cLBP outcomes and adherence to APA practice. Treatment and nonspecific psychological placebo effects will be measured via questionnaires for all participants. Neuro-transmitters is measured by inflammatory biomarkers. Blood samples will be collected for serum collection and a multiplex bead-based immunofluorescence assay performed to check for serum levels. Mini-Mental State Examination will be used to screen for cognitive function, also HRQoL, satisfaction, treatment beliefs and expectations, sleep, relaxation effects, catastrophizing and fear/avoidance, and placebo effects will be measured. AN  - NCT03589703 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Management of Chronic Low Back Pain in Older Adults Using Auricular Point Acupressure TI  - Management of Chronic Low Back Pain in Older Adults Using Auricular Point Acupressure
Patient's Induced Stress and Young Practitioner's Induced Stress During Endodontic Therapy.; The aim of this pilot study is to examine the patient's induced stress and the young dentist's induced stress, during endodontic treatment. This study is carried out using physiologic (cortisol measurement, arterial pressure and heart rate) and psychological data (VAS visual analog scale of stress, pain and discomfort, CORAH and HAD Scales) collected from patients of Brest University Dental Hospital at various stages of root canal treatment. The endodontic treatment is carried out under the usual standards and practices. AN  - NCT03217760 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Stress Factors Induced by Patient and Young Clinicien During Endodontic Treatment (STRESSENDO) TI  - Patient's Induced Stress and Young Practitioner's Induced Stress During Endodontic Therapy.
A Multi-center, Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled Parallel Pilot Study to Evaluate Safety and Efficacy of Oral Idebenone for Preventive Treatment of Migraine in Adult Migraine Patients; This is a multi-center, prospective, double-blind randomized controlled trial on a sample of patients with migraine. Subjects will only be enrolled when a physician or research assistant who is familiar with the study protocol is available to enroll patients. Written, informed consent will be obtained from each patient. Consent will include a discussion of the risks and benefits. AN  - NCT05411978 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Safety and Efficacy of Oral Idebenone for Preventive Treatment of Migraine in Adult Migraine Patients TI  - A Multi-center, Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled Parallel Pilot Study to Evaluate Safety and Efficacy of Oral Idebenone for Preventive Treatment of Migraine in Adult Migraine Patients
Clinical Research on the Efficacy and Safety of East-West Collaborative Treatment Using NSAIDs and BV on Chronic Cervical Pain; A Randomized, Controlled, Parallel, Pilot Study; The purpose of this study is to evaluate the efficacy and safety of east-west collaborative treatment using bee venom acupuncture and NSAIDs on pain intensity, functional status and quality of life of patients with chronic cervicalgia AN  - NCT01922466 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - East-West Collaboration Treatment Using Bee Venom Acupuncture and NSAIDs for Chronic Cervicalgia TI  - Clinical Research on the Efficacy and Safety of East-West Collaborative Treatment Using NSAIDs and BV on Chronic Cervical Pain; A Randomized, Controlled, Parallel, Pilot Study
Consecutive, Randomized Controlled Multicenter Trial, Investigating the Feasibility and Safety of a Telemedicine Based Treatment Regimen in Patients With Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD), Compared to Conventional Hospital Treatment; 6. For this study a telemedical platform has been developed on which it is possible to treat patients in their own homes. The platform consists of a videoconference part that allows the patients to make contact to qualified medical staff and a technology part that can transfer vital indicators of the patients´ health condition (lung function, oxygen saturation, pulse etc.) 175 patients will be included with an expected drop-out of 20 % or 35 patients. The patients will be equally recruited from two hospitals (Frederiksberg and Herlev Hospital). All patients must have an exacerbation in their COPD that requires hospitalization to be included in this study. Each patient participates in the study for 6 months after discharge with follow-up at 1, 3 and 6 months. AN  - NCT01155856 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Virtual Hospital - a Clinical Trial (TVH) TI  - Consecutive, Randomized Controlled Multicenter Trial, Investigating the Feasibility and Safety of a Telemedicine Based Treatment Regimen in Patients With Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD), Compared to Conventional Hospital Treatment
Hyaluronate for the Treatment and Prevention of Recurrent Urinary Tract Infection in Women Suffering Atrophic Vaginitis; This study will compare two groups with differing treatment strategies. One group will be primarily treated for atrophic vaginitis with topical vaginal hyaluronate and the other will be primarily treated for their recurrent UTI with intravesical hyaluronate. AN  - NCT03981458 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Hyaluronate for the Treatment and Prevention of Recurrent Urinary Tract Infection in Women Suffering Atrophic Vaginitis (HATPIN) TI  - Hyaluronate for the Treatment and Prevention of Recurrent Urinary Tract Infection in Women Suffering Atrophic Vaginitis
Implementation of ERAS Protocol for Cesarean Delivery in Clinical Center Vojvodina; This study is designed to help us with ERAS (Enhanced Recovery After Surgery) Protocol for Cesarean Delivery implementation with goal to improve patient satisfaction and decrease length of stay at hospital. This will improve patient treatment and decrease total hospital costs. AN  - NCT04058444 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The First ERAS Protocol for Cesarean Delivery in Serbia at the University Hospital TI  - Implementation of ERAS Protocol for Cesarean Delivery in Clinical Center Vojvodina
Effect of Negative Pressure Wound Therapy After Surgical Removal of Deep-Seated High-Malignant Soft Tissue Sarcomas of the Extremities and Trunk Wall. A Randomized Controlled Trial; The purpose of this research project is to improve the surgical treatment of Soft Tissue Sarcoma (STS) treatment based upon a Randomized Controlled Trial (RCT). We want to evaluate the effect of the use of Negative Pressure Wound Therapy (NPWT) versus a conventional wound dressing on postoperative wound complications after surgical removal of deep-seated high-malignant STS of the extremities or trunk wall. AN  - NCT04960332 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effect of Negative Pressure Wound Therapy After Surgical Removal of Deep-Seated High-Malignant Soft Tissue Sarcomas of the Extremities and Trunk Wall. TI  - Effect of Negative Pressure Wound Therapy After Surgical Removal of Deep-Seated High-Malignant Soft Tissue Sarcomas of the Extremities and Trunk Wall. A Randomized Controlled Trial
Observational Prospective Single Centre Study of the Response to Interventional Pain Management Techniques in Chronic Low Back Pain in Adults. 1 and 6 Months Follow-up. Multivariate Analysis of Predictors of Response. Predictive Model.; The main aim of this study is to identify factors that may be associated with a better or worse response to interventional pain management therapies for the treatment of chronic lumbar pain in adult patients. If several predictive factors are to be identified, a predictive model will be developed. AN  - NCT04451252 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Predicting Response to Interventional Pain Management Techniques in Chronic Low Back Pain in a Prospective Cohort. (PReTI-Back) TI  - Observational Prospective Single Centre Study of the Response to Interventional Pain Management Techniques in Chronic Low Back Pain in Adults. 1 and 6 Months Follow-up. Multivariate Analysis of Predictors of Response. Predictive Model.
Improvement of Acute Pain Treatment With Systemic and Regional Anesthesia; The German Network for acute pain management and Regional Anesthesia (NRA) is a multi-center, non-interventional registry and benchmark project, assessing and analysing clinical and patient-reported procedural and outcome data of systemic analgesia and regional anesthesia hosted by the German Society of Anesthesia and Intensive Care Medicine (DGAI) and professional Society German Anesthetists (BDA) AN  - NCT02846610 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Registry for Acute Pain Treatment TI  - Improvement of Acute Pain Treatment With Systemic and Regional Anesthesia
Nebulized Dexmedetomidine or Lidocaine for Treatment of Post Dural Puncture Headache in Parturients Undergoing Elective Cesarean Section Under Spinal Anesthesia: A Randomized Bicentric Study; Lidocaine nebulized is a novel method used recently for PDPH. Intranasal lidocaine can offer sphenopalatine ganglion block which can facilitate acute pain reduction in PDPH. AN  - NCT06607861 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Nebulized Dexmedetomidine or Lidocaine for Treatment of Post Dural Puncture Headache in Parturients Undergoing Elective Cesarean Section Under Spinal Anesthesia TI  - Nebulized Dexmedetomidine or Lidocaine for Treatment of Post Dural Puncture Headache in Parturients Undergoing Elective Cesarean Section Under Spinal Anesthesia: A Randomized Bicentric Study
Clinical Research on the Efficacy of East-West Collaborative Medicine Using Bee-Venom Acupuncture Therapy on Whiplash-Associated Disorders After Traffic Collisions; A Randomized, Controlled, Parallel Trial; 2.3. group 3: Bee-Venom Acupuncture Therapy & zaltoprofen AN  - NCT01369238 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - East-West Collaborative Medicine Using Bee-Venom Acupuncture on Whiplash-Associated Disorders TI  - Clinical Research on the Efficacy of East-West Collaborative Medicine Using Bee-Venom Acupuncture Therapy on Whiplash-Associated Disorders After Traffic Collisions; A Randomized, Controlled, Parallel Trial
Lumbar Belt Benefit Compared to the Usual Care in the Treatment of Non-specific Low Back Pain -an Interventional, Prospective, Multicenter, Randomized, Open and Controlled Study; Lumbar belt benefit compared to the usual care in the treatment of non-specific low back pain -an interventional, prospective, multicenter, randomized, open and controlled.study AN  - NCT04701073 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Lumbar Belt Benefit Compared to the Usual Care in the Treatment of Non-specific Low Back Pain (LOMBACT) TI  - Lumbar Belt Benefit Compared to the Usual Care in the Treatment of Non-specific Low Back Pain -an Interventional, Prospective, Multicenter, Randomized, Open and Controlled Study
Pilot Study of GLY-LOW Supplementation in Postmenopausal Women With Obesity; 11. Safety parameters (also every 2 months during the intervention; ECG at baseline and 2 months only) 12, Compliance measures (pill counts and interviews every 2 months during the intervention) AN  - NCT06242535 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Pilot Study of GLY-LOW Supplementation in Postmenopausal Women With Obesity TI  - Pilot Study of GLY-LOW Supplementation in Postmenopausal Women With Obesity
Effects of a Partially Supervised Conditioning Program in CF: an International Multi-centre, Randomized Controlled Trial; Physical activity and exercise have become an accepted and valued component of Cystic Fibrosis care. Regular physical activity and exercise can slow the rate of decline of pulmonary function, improve physical fitness, and enhance quality of life. However, motivating people to be more active is challenging. Supervised exercise programs are expensive and labor intensive, and adherence falls off significantly once supervision ends. Unsupervised or partially supervised programs are less costly and more flexible, but compliance can be more problematic. The primary objective of this study is to evaluate the effects of a 12-months partially supervised exercise intervention along with regular motivation on forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) in a large international group of cystic fibrosis patients. Secondary endpoints include patient reported quality of life, as well as levels of anxiety and depression, and control of blood sugar. A total of 292 patients with cystic fibrosis 12 years and older with a FEV1 ≥35% predicted will be recruited. Following baseline assessments (2 visits) patients will be randomized into an intervention and a control group. Thereafter, they will be seen every 3 months for assessments in their centre for one year (4 follow-up visits). Along with individual counseling to increase vigorous physical activity by at least 3 hours per week on each clinic visit, the intervention group will document daily exercise and inactivity time and will receive a step counter and they will record their progress with a web-based program. They will also receive monthly phone calls from the study staff. After 6 months, they will continue with the step counter and web-based program for a further 6 months. The control group will receive access to this intervention after 12 months of standardized care. Should this relatively simple program prove successful, this will be made available on a wider scale internationally. AN  - NCT01744561 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effects of a Partially Supervised Conditioning Program in CF (ACTIVATE-CF) TI  - Effects of a Partially Supervised Conditioning Program in CF: an International Multi-centre, Randomized Controlled Trial
Short-term Effects of Lumbar Spine Manipulation Versus Pharmacological Therapy in Young Women With Primary Dysmenorrhea: a Randomized Controlled Trial.; Many treatments like acupuncture, manipulative therapy and pharmacological therapy have been proposed to alleviate symptoms associated with dysmenorrhea. However, no study has previously compared lumbar spine manipulation to pharmacological therapy in the treatment of primary dysmenorrhea. AN  - NCT04866355 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Lumbar Spine Manipulation Versus Pharmacological Therapy in Young Women With Primary Dysmenorrhea TI  - Short-term Effects of Lumbar Spine Manipulation Versus Pharmacological Therapy in Young Women With Primary Dysmenorrhea: a Randomized Controlled Trial.
Transcutaneous Vagal Nerve Stimulation to Treat Pediatric Inflammatory Bowel Disease; The current available therapies for inflammatory bowel disease (IBD), including immunomodulator and biologic medications may have toxicities limiting use or inadequate effect. We propose a novel approach to the treatment of IBD by using transcutaneous vagal nerve stimulation (VNS). Research has previously identified that VNS using a surgically implanted stimulator can improve symptoms and decrease inflammation in people with inflammatory diseases. This study will evaluate the use of non-invasive nerve stimulation through the skin (rather than through an implanted device) as a potential therapy in pediatric patients with Crohn Disease or ulcerative colitis. We will be evaluating how this nerve stimulation affects symptoms, markers of inflammation found in the blood and stool including cytokine levels, and heart rate variability. The primary hypothesis of the study is the use of transcutaneous VNS will decrease inflammation in people with IBD leading to improved signs and symptoms of disease. The primary endpoint of the study is to evaluate the change in fecal calprotectin after 16 weeks of nerve stimulation. Secondary endpoints include changes in symptom scores, blood cytokine levels, and heart rate variability. AN  - NCT03863704 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Transcutaneous VNS to Treat Pediatric IBD (STIMIBD) TI  - Transcutaneous Vagal Nerve Stimulation to Treat Pediatric Inflammatory Bowel Disease
CLinical Evaluation of Adults UNdergoing Elective Surgery Utilizing Intraoperative Incisional Wound Irrigation: A Randomized Controlled Trial (CLEAN Wound); Even with significant advances in medicine over the past decades, there are still many fundamental issues in perioperative care that remain unclear due to lack of evidence. If this trial were to demonstrate that intraoperative wound irrigation reduces the incidence of SSI, these practice-changing findings could greatly benefit patients worldwide. AN  - NCT04548661 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Clinical Evaluation of Adults Undergoing Elective Surgery Utilizing Intraoperative Incisional Wound Irrigation TI  - CLinical Evaluation of Adults UNdergoing Elective Surgery Utilizing Intraoperative Incisional Wound Irrigation: A Randomized Controlled Trial (CLEAN Wound)
Metabolic Effects of Four-week Lactate-ketone Ester Supplementation; Participants will ingest a combined lactate and ketone body ester (LaKe ester) or placebo twice a day for 28 days before experimental days. AN  - NCT05917873 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Metabolic Effects of Four-week Lactate-ketone Ester Supplementation (MetaLaKe) TI  - Metabolic Effects of Four-week Lactate-ketone Ester Supplementation
Branch Chain Amino Acids vs. Rifaximin in Patients With Cirrhosis for Secondary Prophylaxis of Hepatic Encephalopathy: Double-blind Placebo-controlled Multicentric Randomized Controlled Trial; - Creation of a management algorithm based deductive models incorporating etiology and severity of liver disease, cognitive performance, sarcopenia, and ammonia, and neuropsychiatric impact of using BCAA vs Rifaximin will be created. AN  - NCT06538077 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - BCAA vs. Rifaximin in Patients With Cirrhosis for Secondary Prophylaxis of HE (HERB) TI  - Branch Chain Amino Acids vs. Rifaximin in Patients With Cirrhosis for Secondary Prophylaxis of Hepatic Encephalopathy: Double-blind Placebo-controlled Multicentric Randomized Controlled Trial
Effects of a Supervised Progressive Resistance Training With Breast Cancer Patients During Adjuvant Radiotherapy - A Randomised Controlled Intervention Trial; The purpose of this randomized intervention study is to investigate the effects and biological mechanisms of a supervised 12-week progressive resistance training on fatigue and immunological and inflammatory biomarkers in breast cancer patients during adjuvant radiotherapy. To determine the effect of the exercise itself beyond potential psychosocial effects due to attention by trainers or the group support, patients in the control group have a comparable training schedule (i.e. 60 min, twice a week, for 12 weeks) but with relaxation training (Jacobsen method). AN  - NCT01468766 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effects of a Supervised Progressive Resistance Training With Breast Cancer Patients During Adjuvant Radiotherapy (BEST) TI  - Effects of a Supervised Progressive Resistance Training With Breast Cancer Patients During Adjuvant Radiotherapy - A Randomised Controlled Intervention Trial
A Phase 1/2 Study of RO4929097, An Oral Small Molecule Inhibitor of Gamma-Secretase, in Children With Relapsed/Refractory Solid or CNS Tumors, Lymphoma, or T-Cell Leukemia; - Participants will have frequent blood and urine tests and imaging studies to evaluate the progress of treatment, and will be asked to keep a diary to monitor any side effects. AN  - NCT01236586 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - RO4929097 in Children With Relapsed/Refractory Solid or CNS Tumors, Lymphoma, or T-Cell Leukemia TI  - A Phase 1/2 Study of RO4929097, An Oral Small Molecule Inhibitor of Gamma-Secretase, in Children With Relapsed/Refractory Solid or CNS Tumors, Lymphoma, or T-Cell Leukemia
A Multicenter, Prospective, Randomized, Open-label, Blinded End-point Clinical Study to Evaluate the Safety and Efficacy of Intracranial Balloon Angioplasty Plus Aggressive Medical Management for Symptomatic Intracranial Artery Stenosis; Intracranial atherosclerotic disease (ICAD) is the most common cause of ischemical cerebrovascular events. The risk of stroke recurrence or death of ICAD patients remains very high. Even with aggressive medical management including dual antiplatelet therapy and strict management of risk factors, 12.2 percent of patients with 70-99 percent stenosis of intracranial artery had stroke or death during 1 year follow-up. In the real world, the 30-day risk of recurrent stroke of patients with aggressive medical management was as high as 20.2 percent. Balloon angioplasty and stent for intracranial artery have become important alternative treatments to prevent recurrent stroke for patients with severe intracranial atherosclerotic stenosis. Nevertheless, the SAMMPRIS trial has suggested intracranial stenting has higher stroke and death rate than aggressive medication with high peri-procedure complication rate. Previous nonrandomized studies have showed that stroke and death rate of angioplasty for ICAD patients with severe stenosis of intracranial artery is lower than that of aggressive medication. The primary purpose of this trial is to compare intracranial angioplasty plus aggressive medical management with aggressive medical management alone for the treatment of patients with 70-99 percent intracranial artery stenosis because of ICAD and to clarify the efficacy and safety of intracranial angioplasty through a multicenter, prospective, randomized, open-label, blinded end-point trial. AN  - NCT03703635 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Balloon Angioplasty for Symptomatic Intracranial Artery Stenosis (BASIS) TI  - A Multicenter, Prospective, Randomized, Open-label, Blinded End-point Clinical Study to Evaluate the Safety and Efficacy of Intracranial Balloon Angioplasty Plus Aggressive Medical Management for Symptomatic Intracranial Artery Stenosis
A Prospective, Multicentre, Double-Blinded Randomised Controlled Trial Comparing Topical Metronidazole, Diltiazem and Lidocaine on Post-Operative Pain Following Excisional Haemorrhoidectomy; Symptomatic haemorrhoids, or piles, have significant effects on quality of life. The treatment for advanced disease is surgical excision (haemorrhoidectomy) which is extremely effective. However, pain following haemorrhoidectomy is known by all to be a miserable experience and current treatment is not very effective. We have formulated a new cream treatment which targets three theorised mechanisms of pain after haemorrhoidectomy. We will test the effectiveness of the treatments with a multi-centred randomised controlled factorial trial with four parallel double-blinded arms containing different combinations of the active agents. The outcomes include pain scores, amount of analgesia required and time to return to work. The results of our study could provide evidence of an effective treatment for post haemorrhoidectomy pain. The treatment may provide considerable benefit to patients undergoing this surgical procedure. AN  - NCT04276298 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Topical Analgesia Post-Haemorrhoidectomy TI  - A Prospective, Multicentre, Double-Blinded Randomised Controlled Trial Comparing Topical Metronidazole, Diltiazem and Lidocaine on Post-Operative Pain Following Excisional Haemorrhoidectomy
Beta-Blockers for the Prevention of Acute Exacerbations of COPD; This is a multicenter, prospective, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial that will enroll 1028 patients with at least moderately severe COPD over a three year period and follow them at regular intervals for one year. The primary endpoint is time to first acute exacerbation. Secondary endpoints include rates and severity of COPD exacerbations, cardiovascular events, all-cause mortality, lung function, dyspnea, quality of life and metoprolol-related side effects. AN  - NCT02587351 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Beta-Blockers for the Prevention of Acute Exacerbations of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease TI  - Beta-Blockers for the Prevention of Acute Exacerbations of COPD
A 6 Months, Prospective, Open-label, Observational, Non-interventional Clinical Trial to Examine the Efficacy and Safety of Donepezil (Dementis®) Administration in Patients With Dementia.; The severity of symptoms of the disease varies and is determined by premorbid factors such as education, gender, cultural background. Epidemiological studies have shown as protective factors against the onset of dementia, higher education, taking estrogen and anti-inflammatory drugs. On the other hand, age, family history of dementia, head injury, hypertension and Down syndrome are risk factors for developing the disease. Finally, some genetic factors appear to be protective, and other pressures to the disease. AN  - NCT01772095 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - ADVANCE Study: Alzheimer Disease eVAluation iN Clinical PracticE (ADVANCE) TI  - A 6 Months, Prospective, Open-label, Observational, Non-interventional Clinical Trial to Examine the Efficacy and Safety of Donepezil (Dementis®) Administration in Patients With Dementia.
Phase 3 Randomized, Double Blind, Placebo Controlled Study Of The Efficacy And Safety Of 2 Doses Of CP-690,550 In Patients With Active Rheumatoid Arthritis On Background Methotrexate; This study is designed to provide safety and efficacy data to support the development of CP-690,550 in patients with moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis on background of methotrexate. AN  - NCT00847613 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A 2-Year Phase 3 Study Of CP-690,550 In Patients With Active Rheumatoid Arthritis On Background Methotrexate TI  - Phase 3 Randomized, Double Blind, Placebo Controlled Study Of The Efficacy And Safety Of 2 Doses Of CP-690,550 In Patients With Active Rheumatoid Arthritis On Background Methotrexate
An Observational Study of the Real-life Management of Psoriatic Arthritis Patients Treated With Otezla® (Apremilast) in Belgium; The study will include a representative sample of 150 patients with active Psoriatic Arthritis (PsA) for whom the treating rheumatologist has decided to begin treatment with apremilast. This study is non-interventional, drug dosing and treatment duration will be at the sole discretion of the treating rheumatologist, in accordance with the local label and daily clinical practice. APOLO is a national (Belgium), multicentre, prospective, non-interventional, post-marketing study. AN  - NCT03096990 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study of the Real-life Management of Psoriatic Arthritis Patients Treated With Otezla® (Apremilast) in Belgium (APOLO) TI  - An Observational Study of the Real-life Management of Psoriatic Arthritis Patients Treated With Otezla® (Apremilast) in Belgium
Efficacy of Self-administered Hypnosis for the Complementary Management of Anxiety and Dyspnea During Pulmonary Rehabilitation: A 2-armed Randomized Controlled Trial; Patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) are prone to breathlessness, chest tightness and other anxiety-inducing symptoms. Medical therapy for the condition focus on improving these symptoms and preventing exacerbations. However, as the disease progresses, pharmacological therapies become less and less effective. Patients with advanced COPD often feel less benefit from the treatment in terms of relief from their symptoms and relief from anxiety about their breathing. Hypnosis is known to induce immediate changes in how a person thinks and experiences their body. These changes can break vicious cycles of anxiety. Hypnosis has already been used successfully people with breathing problems to reduce anxiety and improve breathing. This trial aims to investigate the effect of hypnosis as a complementary technique for the self-management of breathlessness and anxiety during a Pulmonary Rehabilitation Program (PRP). As a secondary measure, the investigators aim to uncover whether the use of self-hypnosis remains useful during the three months following the PRP, after discharge from hospital. AN  - NCT04868357 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Hypnosis for the Management of Anxiety and Breathlessness During a Pulmonary Rehabilitation Program TI  - Efficacy of Self-administered Hypnosis for the Complementary Management of Anxiety and Dyspnea During Pulmonary Rehabilitation: A 2-armed Randomized Controlled Trial
Effect of Estrogen on the Stress Response for Postmenopausal Women; The study tests the hypothesis that estradiol administration exacerbates the effects of the stress hormone cortisol on cognition and mood for postmenopausal women. This randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind study was designed to examine the effects of an eight-week trial of transdermal estradiol replacement therapy (0.10 mg/day) in combination with 4 days of oral hydrocortisone (90 mg/day in 3 daily doses of 30 mg per dose) in the last week of hormone therapy on cognition and mood in healthy postmenopausal women. Forty cognitively healthy postmenopausal women were randomized to receive either placebo or estradiol skin patches for 8 weeks. In the middle of the 7th week (day 57), subjects in each group were again randomized to receive either a placebo tablet or an oral hydrocortisone tablet 3x/day for 4 days. Memory testing and blood collection occurred at baseline, at week 4, and again at week 8. AN  - NCT00220454 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effect of Estrogen & Stress for Postmenopausal Women TI  - Effect of Estrogen on the Stress Response for Postmenopausal Women
Investigating the Effects of Curcumin and Saffron on Fertility, Sugar, Lipid and Anthropometric Indicators in Women With Diabetes Mellitus of Reproductive Age; 4. **Medication Adherence:** The intervention will be well-received by women with diabetes mellitus of reproductive age, leading to improved medication adherence. AN  - NCT06413238 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Rationale and Design of Diabetes Management With Curcumin and Saffron (DMCS): a Randomised, Three Blind -Blind, Placebo-controlled Study TI  - Investigating the Effects of Curcumin and Saffron on Fertility, Sugar, Lipid and Anthropometric Indicators in Women With Diabetes Mellitus of Reproductive Age
A One-Year Prospective, Randomized, Placebo-Controlled, Double-Blind, Phase II/III Safety Trial of Combination Therapy With IFN Beta-1a (Avonex) and Mycophenolate Mofetil (Cellcept) in Early Multiple Sclerosis; 7. Neuroimmunological studies:At baseline, 6 and 12 months after treatment AN  - NCT00223301 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Safety Study of Combination Therapy With Intramuscular Avonex and Oral Cellcept in Patients With Multiple Sclerosis TI  - A One-Year Prospective, Randomized, Placebo-Controlled, Double-Blind, Phase II/III Safety Trial of Combination Therapy With IFN Beta-1a (Avonex) and Mycophenolate Mofetil (Cellcept) in Early Multiple Sclerosis
Synergistic Effect of Exclusive Enteral Nutrition Formula in Addition to Corticosteroids Therapy to Induce Clinical Remission in Patients With Crohn's Disease: a Pilot Study Involving a Multidimensional Assessment of Potential Mechanisms; This study evaluates the effect of Exclusive Enteral Nutrition (EEN) in addition to different regimes of corticosteroid (CS) therapy (Prednisone) compared to CS alone in adults participants with active Crohn's Disease, on symptoms and inflammation after 6 weeks of treatment. Participants will be randomized to three treatment arms: standard CS, standard CS with EEN, short course CS with EEN. Participants will be assessed through questionnaires for gut symptoms, quality of life, mood changes and dietary patterns and potential mechanisms will be investigated by collecting stool samples for characterization of gut bacterial profiles, collection of blood to determine inflammatory markers and evaluation of gut motility before and after treatment. The investigators hypothesize that six weeks of EEN with CS will be more effective than CS alone in inducing clinical remission in patients with active CD, as well as leading to beneficial changes in the composition and/or metabolic activity of the intestinal microbiota, gastrointestinal transit and inflammatory burden. Furthermore, six weeks of EEN in addition to a short course of CS will have similar efficacy than EEN with standard course of CS and reduced number of adverse events. AN  - NCT03833596 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Exclusive Enteral Nutrition and Corticosteroids Therapy in Crohn's Disease (EENCD) (EENCD) TI  - Synergistic Effect of Exclusive Enteral Nutrition Formula in Addition to Corticosteroids Therapy to Induce Clinical Remission in Patients With Crohn's Disease: a Pilot Study Involving a Multidimensional Assessment of Potential Mechanisms
The Influence of Pharmacogenetics on Methadone Dose, Safety, and Outcomes After Spine Fusion; The overall objective is to develop a patient oriented research program to efficiently evaluate the effects of pharmacogenetic variants on the dose-response relationships and safety of opioids and non-opioid analgesics. If an opioid regimen can be created that produces excellent opioid analgesia with minimal toxicity related to supratherapeutic opioid concentrations (i.e., ventilatory depression), other non-opioid analgesics (i.e., gabapentin/pregabalin, ketamine, lidocaine, cyclooxygenase inhibitors, etc.) that may decrease preoperative opioid requirements can be more efficiently and safely evaluated. These interventions may limit the opioid related toxicities related to effect site concentrations that are below those required when opioids are the predominant analgesic, such as opioid related ileus. Methadone's slow elimination clearance and limited pharmacokinetic drug-drug interactions make it an attractive perioperative opioid. The first step towards personalized opioid analgesia is to determine the effect of common pharmacogenetic variants that affect either methadone metabolism (CYP2B6) or opioid elimination. AN  - NCT01677650 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Pharmacogenomics of Methadone in Spine Fusion Surgery TI  - The Influence of Pharmacogenetics on Methadone Dose, Safety, and Outcomes After Spine Fusion
Effects of a Physiotherapy Program in Acute Exacerbation of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease; Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) is projected to be the fifth leading burden of disease worldwide by the year 2020. An acute exacerbation of COPD (AECOPD) is defined as an acute event characterized by a worsening of the patient's respiratory symptoms that requires a modification in the medication. AECOPD are frequent (mean of 1-4 exacerbations each year). It increases in frequency with the severity of the disease. The objective of this study is to examine whether a physical therapy intervention can reduce impairment in patients with COPD during hospitalization due to an acute exacerbation. AN  - NCT02515318 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Physiotherapy in Acute Exacerbation of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease TI  - Effects of a Physiotherapy Program in Acute Exacerbation of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease
Hydrocortisone for Prevention of Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder; Investigators propose a prospective, placebo-controlled, double-blinded trial of administering single-dose oral hydrocortisone or placebo to 100 assault victims seen in the Einstein Medical Center Philadelphia Emergency Department to determine if this approach has efficacy in preventing PTSD. This study is designed as a pilot study, with the hopes that the data gathered in it can be used to design a larger and more robust trial in the future. AN  - NCT02402114 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Hydrocortisone for Prevention of Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (HP-PTSD) TI  - Hydrocortisone for Prevention of Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder
Evaluation of the Effect of Octreotide Compared to Placebo in Patients With Inoperable Bowel Obstruction Due to Peritoneal Carcinomatosis; To evaluate in combination with corticosteroid and local standard medical care the efficacy and safety of long-acting octreotide compared to placebo for the treatment of symptoms of inoperable bowel obstruction in patients with peritoneal carcinomatosis AN  - NCT00332696 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Octreotide Compared to Placebo in Patients With Inoperable Bowel Obstruction Due to Peritoneal Carcinomatosis TI  - Evaluation of the Effect of Octreotide Compared to Placebo in Patients With Inoperable Bowel Obstruction Due to Peritoneal Carcinomatosis
Peri-incisional Local Infiltration to Improve Pain Control After Periacetabular Osteotomy; Researchers will compare three groups. 1.) Patients who do not receive PLIA. 2.) Patients who receive PLIA after their incision is closed. 3.) Patients who receive PLIA throughout PAO. AN  - NCT06519955 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Can PLIA Reduce Early Post-operative Pain After PAO Surgery? (PILA PAO) TI  - Peri-incisional Local Infiltration to Improve Pain Control After Periacetabular Osteotomy
Sex Hormone-specific Cardiovascular Risks in the Gut Microbiome-host Axis - A Longitudinal Cohort Study.; The XCVD study investigates the influence of sex hormones on the composition of the gut microbiome and the possible emergence of cardiovascular risk factors. It will follow 200 healthy transgender individuals for two years during their hormone replacement therapy (HRT) and analyze them for the possible emergence of cardiovascular risk factors in relation to changes in the gut microbiome, metabolome, and immunome. We would also like to phenotype cardiovascular disease. AN  - NCT05334888 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Sex-differential Host-microbiome CVD Risk - A Longitudinal Cohort Approach (XCVD) TI  - Sex Hormone-specific Cardiovascular Risks in the Gut Microbiome-host Axis - A Longitudinal Cohort Study.
Coping Compliance and Adjustment in Adolescents With Cystic Fibrosis; In this research, we will use established surveys to look at the relationship between various styles of coping with a disease, religious coping styles, treatment compliance, locus of control, broad measures of mental health and adjustment, and basic health data (e.g., PFTs, recent hospitalizations or antibiotics within the past year, lung microbiology, CFTR mutations, and co-morbid conditions such as diabetes, depression, and liver disease). While the research is correlational, it should suggest relationships (both positive and negative) between various coping styles and desired outcomes (compliance and well-being). AN  - NCT00577252 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Coping Compliance and Adjustment in Adolescents With Cystic Fibrosis TI  - Coping Compliance and Adjustment in Adolescents With Cystic Fibrosis
A Phase 3, Multicenter, Double-Blind, Randomized, Parallel-Arm, Placebo-Controlled Study to Evaluate the Safety and Efficacy of Adalimumab for Treatment of Nail Psoriasis in Patients With Chronic Plaque Psoriasis; This study is being conducted to assess the safety and efficacy of adalimumab in participants with nail psoriasis. AN  - NCT02016482 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study to Evaluate the Safety and Efficacy of Adalimumab in Subjects With Chronic Plaque Psoriasis and Nail Psoriasis TI  - A Phase 3, Multicenter, Double-Blind, Randomized, Parallel-Arm, Placebo-Controlled Study to Evaluate the Safety and Efficacy of Adalimumab for Treatment of Nail Psoriasis in Patients With Chronic Plaque Psoriasis
"Baricitinib for Treating Hospital-acquired Pneumonia in Critically Ill Patients With a Proinflammatory Phenotype, an International Phase II/Phase III, Randomized, Controlled Trial - TREAT-HAP Study.; The goal of this clinical trial is to determine the safety (phase II), then efficacy (phase III) of baricitinib plus standard of care (SOC) as compared to SOC alone for the treatment of hospital-acquired pneumonia in patients with a pro-inflammatory profile. AN  - NCT05914584 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - "Baricitinib for Treating Hospital-acquired Pneumonia in Critically Ill Patients With a Proinflammatory Phenotype. (TREAT-HAP) TI  - "Baricitinib for Treating Hospital-acquired Pneumonia in Critically Ill Patients With a Proinflammatory Phenotype, an International Phase II/Phase III, Randomized, Controlled Trial - TREAT-HAP Study.
Effects of TNF Blockade on Human BPH/LUTS; Specific Aim 1. To evaluate the efficacy of TNF antagonist action in BPH/LUTS Specific Aim 2. Define the consequences of TNF antagonist therapy on prostate tissue Specific Aim 3. Identify genetic predictors to stratify patients with differential response to TNF-antagonist therapy. AN  - NCT06062875 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effects of TNF Blockade on Human BPH/LUTS TI  - Effects of TNF Blockade on Human BPH/LUTS
A Monocentric Randomized, Controlled, Double Blind, Crossover Phase II Trial to Show Non-inferiority of the Effect of Pyridostigmine Bromide vs. Fludrocortisone on Symptoms of Autonomic Dysregulation in Parkinson's Disease; Therefore the investigators designed a monocentric randomized, controlled, double blind, crossover phase II trial to show non-inferiority of the effect of pyridostigmine bromide vs. fludrocortisone on symptoms of autonomic dysregulation in Parkinson's disease. AN  - NCT01993680 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Orthostatic Dysregulation and Associated Gastrointestinal Dysfunction in Parkinson's Disease -Treatment TI  - A Monocentric Randomized, Controlled, Double Blind, Crossover Phase II Trial to Show Non-inferiority of the Effect of Pyridostigmine Bromide vs. Fludrocortisone on Symptoms of Autonomic Dysregulation in Parkinson's Disease
A Multicenter, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Parallel Group Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Sirukumab in the Treatment of Patients With Giant Cell Arteritis; Approximately 204 subjects with a diagnosis of GCA and active disease within 6 weeks of baseline will be randomized into Part A, the 52-week double-blind treatment phase, to receive one of two doses of sirukumab or placebo, each in addition to a pre-specified prednisone taper. The efficacy and safety of sirukumab in sustaining remission will be assessed at Week 52. Subjects completing Part A of the study will be eligible to enter Part B, the 104-week extension phase, designed to investigate the long-term maintenance of remission and safety following cessation of sirukumab treatment and to assess long-term corticosteroid use. Subjects with active GCA at the end of Part A or those with new onset of GCA flare during the first 52 weeks of Part B will be eligible to receive open-label sirukumab. Subjects will need to have follow-up safety evaluations for at least 16 weeks after receiving the last dose of study drug, applicable only for those who are withdrawn prematurely from the study or whose open-label sirukumab treatment in Part B completes after Week 88. AN  - NCT02531633 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Efficacy and Safety Study of Sirukumab in Patients With Giant Cell Arteritis TI  - A Multicenter, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Parallel Group Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Sirukumab in the Treatment of Patients With Giant Cell Arteritis
An Exploratory Trial of a Multimodal Treatment Strategy for Cancer Cachexia; We postulate that this strategy, together with the simultaneous management of symptoms that decrease appetite (e.g. depression, pain, and nausea), will also accomplish our secondary objectives of improving clinical outcomes such as strength and function between baseline and day 29 (+/- 3 days). AN  - NCT00625742 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Multimodal Treatment Strategy for Cancer Cachexia TI  - An Exploratory Trial of a Multimodal Treatment Strategy for Cancer Cachexia
Uncontrolled Lower Respiratory Symptoms in the World Trade Center Survivor Program; The purpose of this study is to understand why patients in the World Trade Center program have continuing breathing problems. This study will improve investigators understanding of breathing problems among individuals with World Trade Center exposure by allowing them to review and monitor medication use, lung function, and examine other conditions that can contribute to problems with breathing. The findings from the study will help investigators understand why some people have persistent lower respiratory symptoms (breathing problems) after their exposure to World Trade Center dust and fumes, and may help guide better management and treatment of these symptoms. AN  - NCT02024204 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Uncontrolled Lower Respiratory Symptoms in the WTC Survivor Program TI  - Uncontrolled Lower Respiratory Symptoms in the World Trade Center Survivor Program
A Phase 2, Placebo-controlled, Adaptive Design Study to Explore the Safety and Efficacy of Sulindac (HLX-0201) and Gaboxadol (HLX-0206) and Possible Other Treatments in Adolescent and Adult Males With Fragile X Syndrome (FXS); This study is to investigate the safety, tolerability and efficacy of Sulindac (HLX-0201) and Gaboxadol (HLX-0206) in males with Fragile X Syndrome (FXS) with confirmed full FMR1 mutation treated over a 10 week period in an outpatient setting. AN  - NCT04823052 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Investigation of Sulindac (HLX-0201) and Gaboxadol (HLX-0206) in Male Fragile X Syndrome Patients Aged 13-40 (IMPACT-FXS) TI  - A Phase 2, Placebo-controlled, Adaptive Design Study to Explore the Safety and Efficacy of Sulindac (HLX-0201) and Gaboxadol (HLX-0206) and Possible Other Treatments in Adolescent and Adult Males With Fragile X Syndrome (FXS)
Evaluating the Effectiveness of Continuously Improved Pain Management in Knee Osteoarthritis-related Surgeries; In recent years, pain management coordinated with enhanced recovery after surgery (ERAS) has been widely applied and rapidly developed in orthopedics, showing promising prospects. Since 2016, our hospital has used a series of continuously improved pain management schemes for patients with knee OA who underwent total knee arthroplasty (TKA), unicompartmental knee arthroplasty (UKA), and high tibial osteotomy (HTO). Here, we retrospectively analyze these patients' clinical data to compare the effects of different pain intervention measures during the perioperative period on postoperative pain, functional exercise, hospital stay, and prognosis of the three surgical methods in an attempt to provide a feasible solution for pain management of these patients. AN  - NCT06124170 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Improved Pain Management in Knee Osteoarthritis-related Surgeries TI  - Evaluating the Effectiveness of Continuously Improved Pain Management in Knee Osteoarthritis-related Surgeries
Local Open-label Multicenter Study to Assess the Effectiveness of Pirfenidone in Patients With Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis in Russian Clinical Practice; This study is a national, multicenter, interventional, non-randomized, non-controlled, open-label study to assess the effectiveness of pirfenidone in participants with IPF in Russian clinical practice. AN  - NCT03208933 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Open-label Study to Assess the Effectiveness of Pirfenidone in Participants With Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis (IPF). TI  - Local Open-label Multicenter Study to Assess the Effectiveness of Pirfenidone in Patients With Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis in Russian Clinical Practice
Randomized Evaluation to Assess Cognitive Training for the Prevention of Post-operative Cognitive Decline (REACT) - a Pilot Study; The purpose of this open, monocentric randomized, parallel-group, controlled trial is to compare two different computer-based cognitive training programs regarding the efficacy to prevent the 3-months incidence of postoperative cognitive dysfunction in female patients after elective urogynecological or breast cancer surgery. AN  - NCT02747784 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Evaluation to Assess Cognitive Training for the Prevention of Post-operative Cognitive Decline TI  - Randomized Evaluation to Assess Cognitive Training for the Prevention of Post-operative Cognitive Decline (REACT) - a Pilot Study
A Randomized, Open Label, Positive Controlled, Multicenter Phase III Clinical Trial Evaluating the Efficacy and Safety of the Selected Regimen of Rovadicitinib in Moderate to Severe Chronic Graft-versus-host Disease in Third Line and Beyond; The aim of this study is to demonstrate that in subjects with moderate to severe chronic graft-versus-host disease in the third line and beyond, the use of rosuvastatin compared to the protocol chosen by the researchers can significantly improve the objective response rate of subjects at week 24. AN  - NCT06682169 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Evaluation of Rovadicitinib Compared to the Protocol Selected by Researchers in Third Line and Subsequent Studies of Moderate to Severe Chronic Graft-versus-host Disease TI  - A Randomized, Open Label, Positive Controlled, Multicenter Phase III Clinical Trial Evaluating the Efficacy and Safety of the Selected Regimen of Rovadicitinib in Moderate to Severe Chronic Graft-versus-host Disease in Third Line and Beyond
A Pilot Masked, Randomized Controlled Trial Evaluating Locally-applied Gentamicin Versus Saline in Open Tibia Fractures; Local application of antibiotics directly to the traumatic wound is a promising strategy for the prevention of infection after open tibia fractures, which are a significant source of disease burden globally, particularly in low-income countries. This pilot study aims to assess feasibility of a randomized controlled trial to measure the effect of locally applied gentamicin on risk of infection for open tibial fractures in Tanzania. If proven effective, local gentamicin would be a highly cost-effective strategy to reduce complications and disability from open tibial fractures that could impact care in both high- and low-income countries. AN  - NCT03559400 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Pilot RCT Local Gentamicin for Open Tibial Fractures in Tanzania (pGO-Tibia) TI  - A Pilot Masked, Randomized Controlled Trial Evaluating Locally-applied Gentamicin Versus Saline in Open Tibia Fractures
Benefits of Enhanced Recovery After Surgery in Patients Undergoing Endoscopic Sinus Surgery; Enhanced recovery after surgery (ERAS) protocols have been widely applied during perioperative periods for different diseases, there are few reports of ERAS in patients undergoing endoscopic sinus surgery (ESS). This study therefore aimed to evaluate the benefits of ERAS protocol compared to traditional care following ESS. AN  - NCT04048070 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Effect of Enhanced Recovery After Surgery in Endoscopic Sinus Surgery TI  - Benefits of Enhanced Recovery After Surgery in Patients Undergoing Endoscopic Sinus Surgery
A Single-center, Randomized, Double-blind Clinical Study to Evaluate the Effect of Sulfasalazine on Painful Neuropathy; The investigators hypothesize that sulfasalazine, an FDA-approved medication for rheumatoid arthritis and ulcerative colitis, may be beneficial in neuropathic pain conditions. In this study, the investigators will evaluate whether sulfasalazine improves pain due to painful peripheral neuropathy. AN  - NCT01667029 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study of Sulfasalazine in Treating Painful Neuropathy TI  - A Single-center, Randomized, Double-blind Clinical Study to Evaluate the Effect of Sulfasalazine on Painful Neuropathy
A Randomized Study to Evaluate Comparative Effectiveness, Inpatient Resource Utilization, and Cost of Daptomycin vs. Vancomycin in the Treatment of Patients With Complicated Skin and Skin Structure Infections Due to Suspected or Documented Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus Aureus (MRSA); This was a real-world, prospective, open-label, multicenter study in which participants were randomized (1:1) to receive intravenous (IV) vancomycin or IV daptomycin. The purpose of this study is to compare infection-related hospital length of stay, along with a number of participant-reported outcomes, between participants with complicated skin and soft tissue infection treated with daptomycin and vancomycin. AN  - NCT01419184 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Daptomycin Versus Vancomycin in Participants With Skin Infections Due to MRSA (DAPHEOR1006) TI  - A Randomized Study to Evaluate Comparative Effectiveness, Inpatient Resource Utilization, and Cost of Daptomycin vs. Vancomycin in the Treatment of Patients With Complicated Skin and Skin Structure Infections Due to Suspected or Documented Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus Aureus (MRSA)
Breath, Stress and Health: a Biocultural Study of Hatha Yoga Practice; This study aims to contribute uniquely to stress, longevity, and mental health research in two ways: by identifying clear protocols of breath-based yoga-meditative practice based on original materials; that are subsequently assessed with established scientific stress, biochemical immunity and longevity markers, and validated psychological measures that relate to mental health. AN  - NCT03856892 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Breath, Stress and Health: a Biocultural Study of Hatha Yoga Practice (Yoga) TI  - Breath, Stress and Health: a Biocultural Study of Hatha Yoga Practice
Group-based Mindfulness for Patients With Chronic Low Back Pain in the Primary Care Setting; The purpose of this pragmatic clinical trial (PCT) research is to determine whether a group-visit approach modeled on Mindfulness-Based Stress Reduction can improve function for persons with chronic low back pain. This will be done by an embedded PCT within the evidence-based "OPTIMUM" (Optimizing Pain Treatment In Medical settings Using Mindfulness) program. AN  - NCT04129450 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Group-based Mindfulness for Chronic Pain in the Primary Care Setting (OPTIMUM) TI  - Group-based Mindfulness for Patients With Chronic Low Back Pain in the Primary Care Setting
A Randomized, Phase 2, Open Label Study Evaluating Subcutaneous Administration of Isatuximab in Combination With Carfilzomib and Dexamethasone in Adult Participants With Relapsed and/or Refractory Multiple Myeloma (RRMM); The main purpose of this study is to measure the efficacy (Myeloma response) of subcutaneous (SC) isatuximab treatment in combination with carfilzomib and dexamethasone in adult participants with RRMM having received 1 to 3 prior lines of therapy. After confirmation of the feasibility of SC isatuximab by manual administration, patient will be randomized to 1 of the 2 delivery methods of SC isatuximab. AN  - NCT05704049 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study to Investigate Subcutaneous Isatuximab in Combination With Carfilzomib and Dexamethasone in Adult Participants With Relapsed and/or Refractory Multiple Myeloma TI  - A Randomized, Phase 2, Open Label Study Evaluating Subcutaneous Administration of Isatuximab in Combination With Carfilzomib and Dexamethasone in Adult Participants With Relapsed and/or Refractory Multiple Myeloma (RRMM)
Preventing Tobacco Relapse With Omega-3s (PRO-3) Trial; The investigators' hypothesis is that post-partum former smokers randomized to n-3 LCPUFA supplementation will be less likely to relapse and have less nicotine cravings compared to women allocated to placebo. To test this hypothesis they will conduct a 12-week, randomized, double-blind, placebo controlled study of 4 grams/day n-3 LCPUFA supplementation versus placebo. Participants will be enrolled prior to hospital discharge. The primary outcomes of the trial will be time to smoking relapse and change in self-reported nicotine cravings. The secondary outcome will be point prevalence abstinence at 6- and 12-weeks. compliance will be monitored by measuring red blood cell phospholipid fatty acid content and verify smoking cessation through end-expired CO and cotinine. AN  - NCT03113370 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Preventing Tobacco Relapse With Omega-3s Trial (PRO-3) TI  - Preventing Tobacco Relapse With Omega-3s (PRO-3) Trial
Patient Safety Learning Laboratory: Making Acute Care More Patient-Centered; The Brigham and Women's Hospital (BWH) Patient Safety Learning Laboratory (PSLL) focuses on developing health information technology (HIT) tools to engage patients, family, and professional care team members in reliable identification, assessment, and reduction of patient safety threats in real-time, before they manifest in actual harm. AN  - NCT02969343 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Patient Safety Learning Laboratory: Making Acute Care More Patient-Centered (PSLL) TI  - Patient Safety Learning Laboratory: Making Acute Care More Patient-Centered
Glucocorticoid Treatment for Social Phobia; Social phobia is characterized by fear of performance or interaction situations. The strong fear of negative evaluation by others is usually accompanied by a marked avoidance behavior and increased physical symptoms such as blushing, sweating, palpitations, or tremors. The confrontation with a phobic stimulus leads to a retrieval of stimulus-associated aversive memories, resulting in an immediate anxiety response. Several studies had already shown that elevated glucocorticoids impair retrieval of declarative memory contents in healthy subjects. The investigators demonstrated an anxiety-reducing effect after the administration of cortisone before the confrontation with a phobic stimulus in patients with social and spider phobia. AN  - NCT01574014 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Glucocorticoid Treatment for Social Phobia TI  - Glucocorticoid Treatment for Social Phobia
Feasibility of a Digital Medicine Program in Optimizing Opioid Pain Control in Cancer Patients; This is a feasibility study to assess the use of a Digital Medicine Program (consisting of an FDA-approved ingestible sensor co-encapsulated with oxycodone/acetaminophen (5 mg/325 mg), a small wearable patch, and a mobile application) in cancer patients with metastatic disease experiencing uncontrolled pain. AN  - NCT04194528 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - S1916 Digital Medicine Program for Pain Control in Cancer Patients TI  - Feasibility of a Digital Medicine Program in Optimizing Opioid Pain Control in Cancer Patients
Perioperative Regular Usage of Propacetamol to Reduce Post Cesarean Section Uterine Contraction Pain and Opioid Consumption; To evaluate that perioperative regular usage of propacetamol to reduce post cesarean section uterine contraction pain and opioid consumption AN  - NCT03878082 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Propacetamol to Reduce Post Cesarean Section Uterine Contraction Pain TI  - Perioperative Regular Usage of Propacetamol to Reduce Post Cesarean Section Uterine Contraction Pain and Opioid Consumption
Real-world Data of Moderate to Severe Inflammatory Bowel Disease in Argentina: A Non-interventional, Multicenter Study to Evaluate Disease Control, Treatment Patterns, Burden of Disease and Quality of Life; The purpose of this study is to evaluate the percentage of moderate to severe IBD participants with active disease at Day 1. AN  - NCT03488030 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study to Evaluate Disease Control, Treatment Patterns, Burden of Disease and Quality of Life in Participants With Moderate to Severe Inflammatory Bowel Disease (IBD) (RISE AR) TI  - Real-world Data of Moderate to Severe Inflammatory Bowel Disease in Argentina: A Non-interventional, Multicenter Study to Evaluate Disease Control, Treatment Patterns, Burden of Disease and Quality of Life
The Effects of a 12-Week Resistance Exercise Program Plus Vinegar Ingestion on Biomarkers of Intestinal Permeability, Cognition, and Mood State in Healthy Adults; Given its capacity to stimulate exercise-induced neuroplasticity at lower doses compared to aerobic exercise, resistance exercise has become the top-recommended rehabilitation approach for individuals with neurocognitive impairments. Despite a large body of evidence supporting its application in the context of cognition, little work has been done to investigate the role of resistance exercise in modifying the structure and function of the microbiota-gut-brain axis. Likewise, despite a general understanding of the benefits of short chain fatty acids such as acetate for the gut-brain axis, the impact of exogenous acetic acid has not been sufficiently examined in the context of the intestinal barrier. While self-reported mood disturbance responds favorably to vinegar ingestion, it is currently unknown if these effects are also associated with changes in intestinal permeability. AN  - NCT06437405 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Resistance Exercise Plus Vinegar Ingestion on Biomarkers in Healthy Adults TI  - The Effects of a 12-Week Resistance Exercise Program Plus Vinegar Ingestion on Biomarkers of Intestinal Permeability, Cognition, and Mood State in Healthy Adults
A Phase 3 Study Comparing Daratumumab, VELCADE (Bortezomib), Lenalidomide, and Dexamethasone (D-VRd) With VELCADE, Lenalidomide, and Dexamethasone (VRd) in Subjects With Untreated Multiple Myeloma and for Whom Hematopoietic Stem Cell Transplant is Not Planned as Initial Therapy; The purpose of this study to determine if the addition of daratumumab to bortezomib + lenalidomide + dexamethasone (VRd) will improve overall minimal residual disease (MRD) negativity rate compared with VRd alone. AN  - NCT03652064 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study Comparing Daratumumab, VELCADE (Bortezomib), Lenalidomide, and Dexamethasone (D-VRd) With VELCADE, Lenalidomide, and Dexamethasone (VRd) in Participants With Untreated Multiple Myeloma and for Whom Hematopoietic Stem Cell Transplant is Not Planned as Initial Therapy TI  - A Phase 3 Study Comparing Daratumumab, VELCADE (Bortezomib), Lenalidomide, and Dexamethasone (D-VRd) With VELCADE, Lenalidomide, and Dexamethasone (VRd) in Subjects With Untreated Multiple Myeloma and for Whom Hematopoietic Stem Cell Transplant is Not Planned as Initial Therapy
Timing of Elective Caesarean Section and Neonatal Morbidity - a Randomised Multicentre Study; Aim of study: To compare elective caesarean section performed at 38 weeks and 3 days of gestation with 39 weeks and 3 days of gestation. According to this timing to determine the proportion of newborns admitted within 48 hours after birth. AN  - NCT00835003 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Timing of Planned Caesarean Section and Morbidity of the Newborn TI  - Timing of Elective Caesarean Section and Neonatal Morbidity - a Randomised Multicentre Study
Management of Hypertension in the Early Postpartum Period: Randomized Clinical Trial Comparing Two Antihypertensive Medications; In hypertensive mothers, it is common in clinical practice to substitute methyldopa for another medication, such as captopril, immediately after delivery, which may, as a consequence, cause a rebound effect or an initial lack of blood pressure control until the new medication had a more complete action. Thus, the treatment of hypertension in the puerperium is generally guided by expert opinion and recommendations for guidelines, based on non-robust evidence. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the control of blood pressure in postpartum women with hypertensive syndromes during pregnancy with the maintenance of the continued use of previously used methyldopa compared to switching from antihypertensive regimen to the use of captopril. METHOD: Randomized, double-blind, drug controlled clinical trial. EXPECTED RESULT: better pressure control with the continued use of methyldopa. AN  - NCT04835233 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Management of Hypertension in the Early Postpartum: a Randomized Controlled Trial TI  - Management of Hypertension in the Early Postpartum Period: Randomized Clinical Trial Comparing Two Antihypertensive Medications
Comparison of the Opioid-sparing Effect of Preemptive and Preventive Intravenous Acetaminophen/Ibuprofen Fixed-dose Combination After Robot-assisted Radical Prostatectomy: A Double-blind Randomized Controlled Trial; This prospective, randomized, double-blinded study is designed to compare opioid-sparing effect of preemptive and preventive intravenous acetaminophen/ibuprofen fixed-dose combination in patients undergoing robot-assisted radical prostatectomy (RARP). We hypothesize that preemptive administration of intravenous acetaminophen/ibuprofen fixed-dose combination can significantly reduce postoperative opioid consumption and pain severity than preventive administration in patients undergoing RARP. AN  - NCT05685342 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Preemptive and Preventive Acetaminophen/Ibuprofen Fixed-dose Combination After Robot-assisted Radical Prostatectomy TI  - Comparison of the Opioid-sparing Effect of Preemptive and Preventive Intravenous Acetaminophen/Ibuprofen Fixed-dose Combination After Robot-assisted Radical Prostatectomy: A Double-blind Randomized Controlled Trial
Healthy Prebiotic and Postbiotic Effects of Peanuts and Peanut Butter: College Intervention Trial (ARISTOTLE Study); Nuts have a prebiotic effect mainly due to their content of fiber and polyphenols, which provide substrates for the human gut microbiota. It is known that prebiotic substances are metabolized by microbiota generating postbiotics substances (products or metabolic by-products secreted by live bacteria or released after bacterial lysis). These products may improve host health and partly explain the health benefits of nut consumption. However, no study has been performed about the pre- and postbiotic effects of peanut and peanut butter consumption. Therefore, researchers propose a new interventional study to assess the impact of daily peanut and peanut butter intake on the organism, evaluating the pre- and postbiotic effects. The metabolome data generated will be correlated with the beneficial effects and cognitive skills. The final aim of this work is to spread a message of the health benefits of peanut consumption for the general population. AN  - NCT04324749 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Healthy Prebiotic and Postbiotic Effects of Peanuts and Peanut Butter: College Intervention Trial (ARISTOTLE) TI  - Healthy Prebiotic and Postbiotic Effects of Peanuts and Peanut Butter: College Intervention Trial (ARISTOTLE Study)
Randomized Double-blind Study on the Benefit of Spironolactone for Treating Acne of Adult Woman.; In that context, it seemed clearly interesting to perform the first double-blind randomized study spironolactone vs cyclines which remains the moderate acne reference treatment and to demonstrate the superiority of spironolactone's efficacy in order to establish it as alternative way to cycline. AN  - NCT03334682 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Randomized Double-blind Study on the Benefit of Spironolactone for Treating Acne of Adult Woman. (FASCE) TI  - Randomized Double-blind Study on the Benefit of Spironolactone for Treating Acne of Adult Woman.
Glucocorticoids Versus Placebo for the Treatment of Acute Exacerbation of Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis: a Randomized Controlled Trial; Acute exacerbation of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (AE-IPF) is associated with a poor prognosis, with a 3-month mortality rate of over 50%. To date, no treatment has been proven to be effective in AI-FPI. The interest of glucocorticoids is controversial and needs to be confirmed. This confirmation is mandatory to validate the improvement of the prognosis of EA-IPF under this treatment but also to search for unsuspected deleterious effects as it has been shown with immunosuppressants in stable idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis. AN  - NCT05674994 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Glucocorticoids Versus Placebo for the Treatment of Acute Exacerbation of Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis (EXAFIP2) TI  - Glucocorticoids Versus Placebo for the Treatment of Acute Exacerbation of Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis: a Randomized Controlled Trial
A Phase 3, Randomized, Controlled, Open-label, Multicenter, Safety and Efficacy Study of Dexamethasone Plus MLN9708 or Physicians Choice of Treatment Administered to Patients With Relapsed or Refractory Systemic Light Chain (AL) Amyloidosis; The purpose of this study is to provide continued access of ixazomib and/or other study medications and to continue collecting relevant safety data to monitor participant's safety, determine whether dexamethasone plus IXAZOMIB improves hematologic response, 2-year vital organ (that is, heart or kidney) deterioration and mortality rate versus a physician's choice of a chemotherapy regimen in participants diagnosed with relapsed or refractory systemic light chain (AL) amyloidosis. AN  - NCT01659658 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study of Dexamethasone Plus IXAZOMIB (MLN9708) or Physicians Choice of Treatment in Relapsed or Refractory Systemic Light Chain (AL) Amyloidosis TI  - A Phase 3, Randomized, Controlled, Open-label, Multicenter, Safety and Efficacy Study of Dexamethasone Plus MLN9708 or Physicians Choice of Treatment Administered to Patients With Relapsed or Refractory Systemic Light Chain (AL) Amyloidosis
A Randomized, Phase 3, Open Label Study Evaluating Subcutaneous Versus Intravenous Administration of Isatuximab in Combination With Pomalidomide and Dexamethasone in Adult Patients With Relapsed and/or Refractory Multiple Myeloma (RRMM); Participants will be allowed to continue therapy until disease progression, unacceptable adverse events (AEs), participant request to discontinue therapy or any other reason, whichever comes first. AN  - NCT05405166 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - SC Versus IV Isatuximab in Combination With Pomalidomide and Dexamethasone in RRMM (IRAKLIA) TI  - A Randomized, Phase 3, Open Label Study Evaluating Subcutaneous Versus Intravenous Administration of Isatuximab in Combination With Pomalidomide and Dexamethasone in Adult Patients With Relapsed and/or Refractory Multiple Myeloma (RRMM)
Effect of a Low Starch Diet in the Gut Microbiome Modulation, Disease Activity and Quality of Life in Patients With Ankylosing Spondylitis; The aim of this study is to explore the effect of a low starch diet (reduction of at least 40%) in the gut bacteria modulation, especially Klebsiella pneumoniae, and its relation to disease activity, functional impairment and quality of life in patients with Ankylosing Spondylitis (AS). AN  - NCT04386538 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effect of a Low Starch Diet in Patients With Ankylosing Spondylitis TI  - Effect of a Low Starch Diet in the Gut Microbiome Modulation, Disease Activity and Quality of Life in Patients With Ankylosing Spondylitis
Developing a Patient Reported Outcome Measure for Recurrent Urinary Tract Infection; This study aims to develop and validate the first set of patient-reported outcome measures for recurrent urinary tract infection (UTI): the Recurrent UTI Symptom Scale and the Recurrent UTI Impact Questionnaire. These tools could be used in clinical practice, clinical trials and research to gather an insight into a patient's perspective of their recurrent UTI symptom severity and its impact on their life, as well as determining any possible improvement or other change in their condition due to interventions (e.g. antibiotic treatment). AN  - NCT05086900 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Developing a PROM for Recurrent Urinary Tract Infection TI  - Developing a Patient Reported Outcome Measure for Recurrent Urinary Tract Infection
An Evaluation of the Impact of Cotrimoxazole Prophylaxis for HIV-Infected Adults on the Development of Antifolate Resistance Among Plasmodium Falciparum, Streptococcus Pneumoniae, and Escherichia Coli; At least three studies in sub-Saharan Africa have demonstrated a decrease in morbidity or mortality among HIV-infected adults who took daily cotrimoxazole (trimethoprim sulfamethoxazole) [CTX] prophylaxis. Because of the demonstrated beneficial effect, high tolerability and low cost of CTX, the United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS (UNAIDS) recommends that HIV-infected persons with symptomatic HIV or depressed CD4 counts receive daily CTX. The effect of this recommendation on subsequent development of antimicrobial resistance to antifolates among important pathogens needs to be evaluated. The investigators measured the change in the prevalence of markers of antifolate resistance among P. falciparum, and the change in the prevalence of CTX resistance among S. pneumoniae, and E. coli in HIV-infected individuals receiving CTX daily prophylaxis. In addition, the investigators measured the change in the prevalence of naso-pharyngeal or oro-pharyngeal carriage of CTX resistant S. pneumoniae among children living in households where an HIV-infected adult was receiving CTX daily prophylaxis. AN  - NCT00137657 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Impact of Cotrimoxazole Prophylaxis for HIV-Infected Adults on Antifolate Resistance TI  - An Evaluation of the Impact of Cotrimoxazole Prophylaxis for HIV-Infected Adults on the Development of Antifolate Resistance Among Plasmodium Falciparum, Streptococcus Pneumoniae, and Escherichia Coli
The Effectiveness of Cerclage for the Reduction of Extreme Preterm Birth and Perinatal Mortality in Twin Pregnancies With a Short Cervix or Dilatation; Participants will be randomly assigned to the intervention (cerclage) or comparison (no cerclage) group. AN  - NCT05968794 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Cerclage for the Reduction of Extreme Preterm Birth in Twin Pregnancies With a Short Cervix or Dilatation (TWIN Cerclage) TI  - The Effectiveness of Cerclage for the Reduction of Extreme Preterm Birth and Perinatal Mortality in Twin Pregnancies With a Short Cervix or Dilatation
PILO - Comparison of the Effectiveness of the Simple Puncture Compared to the Incision of an Abscess on the piLOnidal Sinus; The research hypothesis is that the two techniques have the same results in terms of recurrence before definitive surgical treatment but that drainage puncture would imply a faster healing time, a lower cost of treatment, a quality of superior support, reduced support time and reduced work stoppage. AN  - NCT06378918 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Comparison of the Effectiveness of the Simple Puncture Compared to the Incision of an Abscess on the piLOnidal Sinus (PILO) TI  - PILO - Comparison of the Effectiveness of the Simple Puncture Compared to the Incision of an Abscess on the piLOnidal Sinus
A Phase 2, Randomized, Open-Label Study Comparing Oral Ixazomib/Dexamethasone and Oral Pomalidomide/Dexamethasone in Relapsed and/or Refractory Multiple Myeloma; If participants cannot attend their clinic for an important reason (for example, due to the COVID-19 pandemic), the clinic will make alternative arrangements using their local procedures. AN  - NCT03170882 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study of Ixazomib, Given With Dexamethasone in Adults With Multiple Myeloma TI  - A Phase 2, Randomized, Open-Label Study Comparing Oral Ixazomib/Dexamethasone and Oral Pomalidomide/Dexamethasone in Relapsed and/or Refractory Multiple Myeloma
Selenium Supplementation Treatment in Euthyroid Pregnant Women With Autoimmune Thyroid Disease: Effects on Obstetrical Complications; The purpose of the present study is performed to establish the effect of Se supplementation in euthyroid women with AIT (pregnant and in whom embryo transfer is expected within 60 days) on Ab trend, thyroid function and structure, implantation rates, pregnancy rates, pregnancy outcome and number of obstetrical, fetal and neonatal complications. AN  - NCT01465867 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Selenium Supplementation in Pregnancy (Serena) TI  - Selenium Supplementation Treatment in Euthyroid Pregnant Women With Autoimmune Thyroid Disease: Effects on Obstetrical Complications
Randomized Multicenter Phase 3 Single-blind Trial Comparing the Efficacy of Corticosteroid Control to Mesenchymal Stem Cell Preparations From Autologous Bone Marrow Concentrate (BMAC), Adipose-derived Stem Cells in the Form of Stromal Vascular Fraction (SVF), and Third-party Human Mesenchymal Stem Cells Manufactured From Umbilical Cord Tissue for the Treatment of Unilateral Knee Osteoarthritis (OA); The study is a multicenter trial conducted to compare the effectiveness of an injection of a corticosteroid control to mesenchymal stem cell (MSC) preparations from autologous bone marrow concentrate (BMAC), adipose derived stem cells in the form of Stromal Vascular Fraction (SVF), and third-party human mesenchymal stem cells manufactured from umbilical cord tissue (UCT) for the treatment of unilateral Knee Osteoarthritis (OA). The study will be conducted in 4 sites in the United States, and a total of 480 participants will be enrolled in this study. AN  - NCT03818737 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Multicenter Trial of Stem Cell Therapy for Osteoarthritis (MILES) (MILES) TI  - Randomized Multicenter Phase 3 Single-blind Trial Comparing the Efficacy of Corticosteroid Control to Mesenchymal Stem Cell Preparations From Autologous Bone Marrow Concentrate (BMAC), Adipose-derived Stem Cells in the Form of Stromal Vascular Fraction (SVF), and Third-party Human Mesenchymal Stem Cells Manufactured From Umbilical Cord Tissue for the Treatment of Unilateral Knee Osteoarthritis (OA)
A Randomized, Double-blind Study Investigating the Efficacy and Safety of Mesalazine With Hydrocortisone Sodium Succinate (100mg QD) Enema for 4-Week Treatment in Patients With Ulcerative Colitis (UC); The research aims to evaluate the efficacy and safety of that mesalazine with hydrocortisone sodium succinate for the induction of clinical remission during a 4-week double-blind treatment period in active UC (define as total Mayo score of greater than or equal to 4 and less than or equal to 10). A total of 528 patients will be randomly divided into three group, one will receive mesalazine 4g with hydrocortisone sodium succinate 100mg enema, and the other two group will respectively to receive mesalazine 4g and hydrocortisone sodium 100mg one times daily for 4 weeks. The end of the study for every patient is the improvement of main symptoms.The primary endpoint is the clinical remission after 2 and 4 weeks double-blind treatment, defined on the basis of a total Mayo score ≤ 2 points, with no subscore > 1 point. The secondary endpoint are endoscopic mucosal healing at week 2 and 4 of double-blind period, defined as an absolute subscore for endoscopy portion of the Mayo score of 0 point and the change from baseline in Quality of Life at week 4 of double-blind period based on the IBDQ. AN  - NCT03110198 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Mesalazine With Hydrocortisone Sodium Succinate Enema for 4-Week Treatment in Patients With Ulcerative Colitis TI  - A Randomized, Double-blind Study Investigating the Efficacy and Safety of Mesalazine With Hydrocortisone Sodium Succinate (100mg QD) Enema for 4-Week Treatment in Patients With Ulcerative Colitis (UC)
StoMakker: Improving the Quality of Life of Children Receiving an Ileostomy, Colostomy or Continent Urostomy by Offering Access to a Peer Support Platform, Age Dependent Information Provision and Games in a Smartphone Application; Participants will be asked to fill in several questionnaires around their surgery. The intervention group of the trial will be given access to the application "StoMakker". The control group of the trial will receive standard care. AN  - NCT06065995 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - StoMakker Mobile Application (StoMakker) TI  - StoMakker: Improving the Quality of Life of Children Receiving an Ileostomy, Colostomy or Continent Urostomy by Offering Access to a Peer Support Platform, Age Dependent Information Provision and Games in a Smartphone Application
MAGICAL BTK: Randomized Controlled Trial of MAGIcTouch - Sirolimus Coated BALloon Versus Standard Balloon Angioplasty in the Treatment of Below the Knee Arterial Disease; 2. Placebo balloon angioplasty in addition to standard balloon angioplasty (PTA). AN  - NCT06182397 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Sirolimus Coated BALloon Versus Standard Balloon Angioplasty in the Treatment of Below the Knee Arterial Disease (MAGICAL BTK) TI  - MAGICAL BTK: Randomized Controlled Trial of MAGIcTouch - Sirolimus Coated BALloon Versus Standard Balloon Angioplasty in the Treatment of Below the Knee Arterial Disease
Prospective Double-Cohort Study: Comparing Efficacy of Budesonide Via MAD or INSI in Post-operative Treatment; Chronic Rhinosinusitis (CRS) is a common disorder in North America, affecting more than 31 million people annually. Common therapy for CRS includes intranasal corticosteroids (INCS) such as budesonide. At our centre , the current practice is to administer budesonide two ways: the mucosal atomization device (MAD), which is a nasal spray or impregnated budesonide in nasal saline irrigation (INSI), which is a nasal rinse. Our study aims to see which method of administering budesonide has the best treatment outcomes after sinus surgery. This study will follow patients over a six-month period of time. AN  - NCT04267042 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Comparing Budesonide Via MAD or INSI Prospective Cohort Study TI  - Prospective Double-Cohort Study: Comparing Efficacy of Budesonide Via MAD or INSI in Post-operative Treatment
The Effect of Intraoperative Nefopam, Ketoprofen and Paracetamol Combination vs Ketoprofen and Paracetamol Combination on Postoperative Morphine Requirements After Laparoscopic Cholecystectomy: A Randomized, Controlled Trial; The goal of this clinical trial is to evaluate the effect of the addition of nefopam to a multimodal analgesic regimen consisting of ketoprofen and paracetamol during sevoflurane- dexmedetomidine-based anesthesia on postoperative morphine requirements in patients undergoing laparoscopic cholecystectomy. AN  - NCT04622813 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Nonopioid Analgesics and Cholecystectomy TI  - The Effect of Intraoperative Nefopam, Ketoprofen and Paracetamol Combination vs Ketoprofen and Paracetamol Combination on Postoperative Morphine Requirements After Laparoscopic Cholecystectomy: A Randomized, Controlled Trial
A Prospective, Multi-center, Random, Open-label Research on Nicorandil Treatment of Patients Diagnosed as CHD (Coronary Heart Disease) With Stable Angina; This study of 402 cases of stable angina subjects who were diagnosed as Coronary Heart Disease (CHD) is a randomized, blank controlled, multi-center clinical study. Subjects who are taking standard treatment with stable symptoms will receive a 24-hour ambulatory electrocardiogram (ECG) (Holter) examination. They will be randomly divided into two groups. The nicorandil group will receive nicorandil 5 milligram (mg) (3 times a day = tid) on top of the standard treatment for 12 weeks, while the control group will stay on standard treatment. Nitrates and beta blockers need to be maintained on a stable dose. Other drugs that do not affect the primary endpoint may be adjusted per investigators decision. AN  - NCT01396395 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Research on Nicorandil Treatment of Patients Diagnosed as CHD (Coronary Heart Disease) With Stable Angina (SIGMART) TI  - A Prospective, Multi-center, Random, Open-label Research on Nicorandil Treatment of Patients Diagnosed as CHD (Coronary Heart Disease) With Stable Angina
A2ALL-Patients Safety System Improvements in Living Donor Liver Transplant; Living donor liver transplantation (LDLT), involves complex systems and processes of care that are particularly vulnerable to medical errors and preventable complications. This ancillary study of the Adult-to-Adult Living Liver Transplantation Cohort Study (A2ALL) will focus on conducting a proactive, systematic, and comprehensive assessment of the vulnerabilities in the systems and process of LDLT care to reduce medical errors and preventable complications thereby improving the safety of LDLT care. This project will address an important gap in the knowledge needed to achieve high quality and safe LDLT care of patients by developing a process to: 1) proactively, systematically and comprehensively identify areas of vulnerabilities in LDLT care that can result in medical errors, 2) design and implement solutions to mitigate these weaknesses, and 3) evaluate the effectiveness of these solutions to improve the safety of LDLT care by measuring clinical and process outcomes before and after solution implementation across four A2ALL participating transplant centers AN  - NCT02073435 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A2ALL-Patients Safety System Improvements in Living Donor Liver Transplantation TI  - A2ALL-Patients Safety System Improvements in Living Donor Liver Transplant
The Potential Therapeutic Effects of add-on Low Dose Memantine to Improve Cognitive Deficits in Middle-to-old Aged Bipolar II Disorder Patients; The investigators hypothesized that add-on memantine (MM) 5 mg/day may reduce chronic inflammation, and subsequently improve neuro-progression process and cognitive function in middle-to-old aged bipolar II disorder (BP-II) patients. In current proposal, the investigators will conduct a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled study. The investigators will recruit 100-120 patients with BP-II who are older than 40 years old in three years, and allocate them to add-on MM or placebo plus standard valproic acid treatment in a 1: 1 ratio. The investigators will follow up the participants for 12 weeks and measure the severity of mood symptoms, neuropsychological tests and inflammatory markers to evaluate the therapeutic effects of add-on MM. AN  - NCT04035798 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - add-on Low Dose Memantine in Middle-to-old Aged Bipolar II Disorder Patients TI  - The Potential Therapeutic Effects of add-on Low Dose Memantine to Improve Cognitive Deficits in Middle-to-old Aged Bipolar II Disorder Patients
PERi-operative Selective Decontamination of the Digestive Tract to Prevent Severe Infectious Complications After Esophagectomy: a Randomized Multicenter Clinical Trial in Patients With Primary Resectable Esophageal Carcinoma (cT1-4, N0-3, M0); The primary aim of the PERSuaDER-trial is to evaluate the effect of SDD on infectious complications after esophagectomy, focussed on the prevention of pneumonia AN  - NCT05865743 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Perioperative SDD to Prevent Infectious Complications After Esophagectomy (PERSuaDER) TI  - PERi-operative Selective Decontamination of the Digestive Tract to Prevent Severe Infectious Complications After Esophagectomy: a Randomized Multicenter Clinical Trial in Patients With Primary Resectable Esophageal Carcinoma (cT1-4, N0-3, M0)
GISEL (Italian Senologic Group for Electrochemotherapy): Prospective Multicenter Registry of Breast Cancer Patients With Skin Metastases Treated by Electrochemotherapy; The aims of this study are to find out how well ECT works in patients with breast cancer that has spread to the skin (cutaneous metastases), and to find out which patients have the best response to the treatment. AN  - NCT06683404 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - GISEL:Registry of Breast Cancer Patients Treated With ECT (GISEL) TI  - GISEL (Italian Senologic Group for Electrochemotherapy): Prospective Multicenter Registry of Breast Cancer Patients With Skin Metastases Treated by Electrochemotherapy
Improvement of the Nutritional Status Regarding Nicotinamide (Vitamin B3) and the Disease Course of COVID-19; Based on the literature, it seems likely that a nutritional intervention with nicotinamide (a form of vitamin B3) can support the therapy of SARS-CoV-2 infection (COVID-19). A pilot phase of the COVit trial showed an effect of nicotinamide on the time to complete resolution of COVID-19 symptoms. In addition, diarrhoea is a common symptom of COVID-19. Therefore, in a second part of the study, 420 symptomatic patients each with confirmed SARS-CoV-2 infection are to take 1,000 mg nicotinamide (500 mg conventional nicotinamide and 500 mg nicotinamide released in a controlled manner in the intestine) or corresponding placebos per day in a blinded fashion for 4 weeks. The primary endpoint of the trial is the occurrence of individual COVID-19 symptoms over time (primary analysis time point: week 2). Secondary endpoints focus on the severity of COVID-19 symptoms, the post-COVID-19 syndrome (PCS), anti-SARS-CoV-2 antibody levels, and the time to resolution of individual or all symptoms. Exploratory endpoints include the WHO clinical scale for COVID-19, development of severe COVID-19, fatigue, quality of life and biomarkers. Patients are approached after positive testing and give their informed consent online. After randomised distribution of the trial supplements, patients are interviewed by telephone about their disease course at baseline (week 0), week 2, week 4, week 6 and after 6 months. Stool samples are collected from up to 400 patients at the same timepoints. In addition to blood count and standard blood profile, various inflammatory markers and the metabolome, in particular tryptophan metabolism, are examined in the blood of up to 20 selected patients. In these patients, the viral strain is determined by sequencing from nasopharyngeal swabs. In selected patients, short-term pharmacokinetics of nicotinamide, nicotinic acid and nicotinuric acid as well as of metabolites of nicotinamide and tryptophan are investigated. In the stool, changes in the microbiome (in 100-300 patients) as well as metagenome and metabolome (in a subgroup) will be analysed. The study is expected to produce rapid results on whether nicotinamide supplementation can alleviate the disease course of COVID-19. Moreover, a follow-up interview, a smell test, a cognitive test and anti-SARS-CoV-2 antibody levels after at least 6 months will be used to investigate whether the supplementation has any influence on PCS as well as the immune reaction against SARS-CoV-2. AN  - NCT04751604 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Improvement of the Nutritional Status Regarding Nicotinamide (Vitamin B3) and the Disease Course of COVID-19 (COVit-2) TI  - Improvement of the Nutritional Status Regarding Nicotinamide (Vitamin B3) and the Disease Course of COVID-19
Disulfiram ("Antabuse"): A Test of Symptom Reduction Among Patients With Previously Treated Lyme Disease; Approximately 10-20% of patients experience ongoing symptoms despite having received standard antibiotic therapy for Lyme disease. Possible explanations for persistent symptoms include persistent infection and/or post-infectious causes. Recent in vitro studies indicate that disulfiram is effective at killing both the actively replicating and the more quiescent persister forms of Borrelia burgdorferi, the microbe that causes Lyme Disease. In this study, the investigators are examining the safety of disulfiram among patients with post-treatment Lyme disease symptoms. The investigators are also conducting a preliminary investigation regarding the relative benefit of 4 vs 8 weeks of treatment with disulfiram. AN  - NCT03891667 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Disulfiram: A Test of Symptom Reduction Among Patients With Previously Treated Lyme Disease TI  - Disulfiram ("Antabuse"): A Test of Symptom Reduction Among Patients With Previously Treated Lyme Disease
CIRcadian Rhythms and CortisoL. Effects on Substrate Metabolism and Clock Gene Expression and Functioning; - Clock gene expression and function in adipose tissue, skeletal muscle and blood leukocytes AN  - NCT06035081 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - CIRcadian Rhythms and CortisoL. Effects on Substrate Metabolism and Clock Gene Expression and Functioning (CIRCLE) TI  - CIRcadian Rhythms and CortisoL. Effects on Substrate Metabolism and Clock Gene Expression and Functioning
An International Multi-centre Prospective Cohort Study in Patients Hospitalized for an Acute Exacerbation of COPD; The CATALINA study is a prospective cohort study embedded within CICERO (Collaboration In COPD ExaceRbatiOns, a European Respiratory Society supported Clinical Research Collaboration), designed to collect standardised, longitudinal clinical data and biological samples in 20 centres across Europe and beyond. AN  - NCT05008081 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The CATALINA Study TI  - An International Multi-centre Prospective Cohort Study in Patients Hospitalized for an Acute Exacerbation of COPD
NMDA Receptors in Motor Learning in Humans; The purpose of this study is to focus on enhancing upper limb recovery in patients post-stroke by using robotic-assisted therapy in combination with a drug to improve learning new motor skills. AN  - NCT02082912 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - NMDA Receptors in Motor Learning in Humans TI  - NMDA Receptors in Motor Learning in Humans
The Stimulation To Induce Mothers (STIM) Study: A Parallel Group Randomized Controlled Trial; The investigators propose a parallel group randomized clinical trial of intrapartum nipple stimulation versus exogenous oxytocin infusion for nulliparous women undergoing induction of labor near term. The central hypothesis is that intrapartum nipple stimulation to induce labor increases spontaneous vaginal delivery, improves patient-centered outcomes such as childbirth satisfaction, labor agentry, and pain scores, and reduces adverse neonatal and maternal outcomes in nulliparous women. The investigators will pursue the following specific aims: 1) Assess the effectiveness of intrapartum nipple stimulation on the rate of spontaneous vaginal delivery in nulliparous women, 2) Breastfeeding as the sole source of nutrition at time of maternal hospital discharge (Primary Aims); 3) Maximal percent newborn weight loss during the birth hospitalization within 72 hours of life, 4) Determine the effect of intrapartum nipple stimulation on the rate of adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes, 5) Determine the impact of intrapartum nipple stimulation on patient-centered outcomes and 6) In a sub-cohort of women who are enrolled in the trial, investigators will measure the change in oxytocin concentration from baseline to time at which patient achieves a regular contraction pattern. AN  - NCT05079841 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Stimulation To Induce Mothers Study (STIM) TI  - The Stimulation To Induce Mothers (STIM) Study: A Parallel Group Randomized Controlled Trial
A Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled, Multicenter, Phase 3 Study of Drotrecogin Alfa (Activated) Administered as a Continuous 96-hr Infusion to Adult Patients With Septic Shock; The purpose of this placebo-controlled study is to determine if drotrecogin alfa (activated) treatment provides significant mortality reduction improvement in patients with septic shock compared with placebo treatment in patients receiving the current standard of care for septic shock. This study will also assess the effectiveness of drotrecogin alfa (activated) in reducing 28-day mortality in patients with septic shock and concomitant severe protein C deficiency. AN  - NCT00604214 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Efficacy and Safety of Drotrecogin Alfa (Activated) in Adult Patients With Septic Shock TI  - A Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled, Multicenter, Phase 3 Study of Drotrecogin Alfa (Activated) Administered as a Continuous 96-hr Infusion to Adult Patients With Septic Shock
A Multi-center, Randomized, Placebo-controlled, Double-blind, Adaptive Clinical Trial of Vitamin C, Thiamine and Steroids as Combination Therapy in Patients With Sepsis.; The VItamin C, Thiamine And Steroids in Sepsis (VICTAS) Study is a double-blind, placebo-controlled, adaptive randomized clinical trial designed to investigate the efficacy of the combined use of vitamin C, thiamine and corticosteroids versus indistinguishable placebos for patients with sepsis. The objective of this study is to demonstrate the efficacy of combination therapy using vitamin C, thiamine and corticosteroids in reducing mortality and improving organ function in critically ill patients with sepsis. AN  - NCT03509350 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Vitamin C, Thiamine, and Steroids in Sepsis (VICTAS) TI  - A Multi-center, Randomized, Placebo-controlled, Double-blind, Adaptive Clinical Trial of Vitamin C, Thiamine and Steroids as Combination Therapy in Patients With Sepsis.
A Phase 2 Randomized Study Comparing Venetoclax and Azacitidine to Induction Chemotherapy for Newly Diagnosed Fit Adults With Acute Myeloid Leukemia; - Cytarabine and idarubicin or daunorubicin (per standard of care) or Liposomal daunorubicin and cytarabine (per standard of care) AN  - NCT04801797 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Venetoclax + Azacitidine vs. Induction Chemotherapy in AML TI  - A Phase 2 Randomized Study Comparing Venetoclax and Azacitidine to Induction Chemotherapy for Newly Diagnosed Fit Adults With Acute Myeloid Leukemia
Effect of Different Physiotherapy Treatments in Hospitalized COPD Patients; The objective of the present study is to examine the effects of a physical therapy program on balance and strength in COPD patients hospitalized due to acute exacerbation. AN  - NCT02509299 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effect of Physiotherapy in Hospitalized COPD Patients TI  - Effect of Different Physiotherapy Treatments in Hospitalized COPD Patients
Erenumab as a Therapeutic Approach for the Management of Painful Chronic Temporomandibular Disorders (TMD); A total of 60 patients (30 per each arm) aged 18-65 years old of either sex, and any race or ethnicity presenting chronic temporomandibular disorders (TMD), (meeting the Diagnostic Criteria for Temporomandibular Disorders (DC/TMD) for Clinical and Research Applications of chronic TMD (myalgia +/- arthralgia) will be randomly assigned in a 1:1 parallel, double-blind clinical trial, to receive either erenumab-aooe or placebo. Participants will attend 6 clinic visits (Visit 0-Visit 5) over a period of 21 weeks (20 +/- 1 weeks). Changes in pain intensity and other pain outcomes related to TMD will be assessed. Blood samples will be collected, and participants will need to keep a daily symptom diary and answer some other questionnaires. AN  - NCT05162027 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Erenumab-aooe for Temporomandibular Disorders Management: TMD Cgrp Antibody RElief (TMD CARE) (TMD CARE) TI  - Erenumab as a Therapeutic Approach for the Management of Painful Chronic Temporomandibular Disorders (TMD)
Persistent Inflammation, Immunosuppression and Catabolism Syndrome (PICS): A New Horizon for Surgical Critical Care Subtitle: Cardiac Dysfunction in Older Sepsis Survivors Subtitle: Development of a Designer Proline-Rich Antimicrobial Peptide Chaperone Protein Inhibitor (DPC) for Treating Sepsis; The purpose of this study is to define the natural history and causes of chronic critical illness (CCI) in surgical intensive care patients who have had sepsis. The investigator also wants to define the long-term physical and cognitive outcomes of this disease. The investigator will be looking at many clinical variables to try to define CCI. AN  - NCT02276417 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - PICS: Subtitle Cardiac Dysfunction in Older Sepsis Survivors (PICS) TI  - Persistent Inflammation, Immunosuppression and Catabolism Syndrome (PICS): A New Horizon for Surgical Critical Care Subtitle: Cardiac Dysfunction in Older Sepsis Survivors Subtitle: Development of a Designer Proline-Rich Antimicrobial Peptide Chaperone Protein Inhibitor (DPC) for Treating Sepsis
A Pragmatic Trial to Evaluate the Intermediate-term Effects of Early, Aggressive Versus Escalation Therapy in People With Multiple Sclerosis; The TRaditional versus Early Aggressive Therapy for MS (TREAT-MS) trial is a pragmatic, randomized controlled trial that has two primary aims: 1) to evaluate, jointly and independently among patients deemed at higher risk vs. lower risk for disability accumulation, whether an "early aggressive" therapy approach, versus starting with a traditional, first-line therapy, influences the intermediate-term risk of disability, and 2) to evaluate if, among patients deemed at lower risk for disability who start on first-line MS therapies but experience breakthrough disease, those who switch to a higher-efficacy versus a new first-line therapy have different intermediate-term risk of disability. AN  - NCT03500328 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Traditional Versus Early Aggressive Therapy for Multiple Sclerosis Trial (TREAT-MS) TI  - A Pragmatic Trial to Evaluate the Intermediate-term Effects of Early, Aggressive Versus Escalation Therapy in People With Multiple Sclerosis
A Single-Dose, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Onset-of-Action Study Utilizing the Double-Stopwatch Method; The study's purpose is to demonstrate the onset of action, i.e., time to meaningful pain relief in patients with pharyngitis, of flurbiprofen 8.75 mg lozenge using the Double-Stopwatch Method (DSW). AN  - NCT01986361 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Placebo-Controlled Onset-of-Action Study of Flurbiprofen Utilizing the Double-Stopwatch Method TI  - A Single-Dose, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Onset-of-Action Study Utilizing the Double-Stopwatch Method
Prognosis Contribution of the 6 Minute Walk Test in Cystic Fibrosis : Prospective Multicenter Study; The purpose of this study is to determine whether the 6-minute walk test (6MWT) could be a prognostic factor for cystic fibrosis patients. AN  - NCT02538575 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - 6 Minute Walk Test in Cystic Fibrosis (MUCO-TM6) TI  - Prognosis Contribution of the 6 Minute Walk Test in Cystic Fibrosis : Prospective Multicenter Study
Multimodal Study of the Emotional Regulation and Impulsivity Among Adolescents With Borderline Personality Disorder : Stress Reactivity and Functional Imaging; This study aims to better understand the behavioral, neurobiological and hormonal underpinnings of stress and reward reactivity of adolescents suffering from borderline personality disorder compared to healthy adolescents by a multimodal approach based on clinical assessments, structural and functional mri and experimental acute stress exposure. AN  - NCT03209102 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Emotional Regulation and Impulsivity Among Adolescents With Borderline Personality Disorder (ADOLIMIS) TI  - Multimodal Study of the Emotional Regulation and Impulsivity Among Adolescents With Borderline Personality Disorder : Stress Reactivity and Functional Imaging
Human Recombinant Interferon Gamma-1b for the Prevention of Hospital-acquired Pneumonia in Critically Ill Patients: a Double-blind, International, Phase 2, Randomized, Placebo-controlled Trial - the PREV-HAP Study; It has been demonstrated that the productions of IFN-γ by immune cells are decreased in critically ill patients, and that these defects are associated with the susceptibility to HAP. rHuIFN-γ has neither been tested nor is recommended as adjunctive treatment of patients with HAP. Based on these specific factors identified in the host response, it is proposed in this study to use rHuIFN-γ as novel preventive approach for HAP. AN  - NCT04793568 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Human Recombinant Interferon Gamma-1b for the Prevention of Hospital-acquired Pneumonia in Critically Ill Patients: a Double-blind, International, Phase 2, Randomized, Placebo-controlled Trial - the PREV-HAP Study (PREV-HAP) TI  - Human Recombinant Interferon Gamma-1b for the Prevention of Hospital-acquired Pneumonia in Critically Ill Patients: a Double-blind, International, Phase 2, Randomized, Placebo-controlled Trial - the PREV-HAP Study
Lidocaine Versus Ketorolac for the Management of Renal Colic; The hypothesis of the study is that lidocaine will be as effective as ketorolac in decreasing patient's perception of pain as measured by the 10 point Visual Analogue Scale (VAS). The aim of the study is to compare the safety & efficacy of lidocaine versus ketorolac for acute pain secondary to renal colic in the Emergency Department (ED). AN  - NCT03137498 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Lidocaine vs Ketorolac for Management of Renal Colic in the Emergency Department TI  - Lidocaine Versus Ketorolac for the Management of Renal Colic
A Study to Compare Bone Marrow Transplantation to Standard Care in Adolescents and Young Adults With Severe Sickle Cell Disease (BMT CTN 1503); This is a clinical trial that will compare survival and sickle related outcomes in adolescents and young adults with severe sickle cell disease after bone marrow transplantation and standard of care. The primary outcome is 2-year overall survival. AN  - NCT02766465 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Bone Marrow Transplantation vs Standard of Care in Patients With Severe Sickle Cell Disease (BMT CTN 1503) (STRIDE2) TI  - A Study to Compare Bone Marrow Transplantation to Standard Care in Adolescents and Young Adults With Severe Sickle Cell Disease (BMT CTN 1503)
Evaluation of Droplet Digital PCR Rapid Detection Method and Precise Diagnosis and Treatment for Suspected Sepsis; Sepsis is a significant public health concern worldwide, with high morbidity and mortality. With regard to a targeted antimicrobial treatment strategy, the earliest possible pathogen detection is of crucial importance. Until now, culture-based detection methods represent the diagnostic gold standard, although they are characterized by numerous limitations. Culture-independent molecular diagnostic procedures may represent a promising alternative. In particular, droplet digital PCR (ddPCR) is a novel one-step PCR assay that achieves higher accuracy and sensitivity in detecting causing pathogens in patients with bloodstream infections. AN  - NCT05190861 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Evaluation of Droplet Digital PCR Rapid Detection Method and Precise Diagnosis and Treatment for Suspected Sepsis TI  - Evaluation of Droplet Digital PCR Rapid Detection Method and Precise Diagnosis and Treatment for Suspected Sepsis
Prospective Randomized Trial of the Optimal Evaluation of Cardiac Symptoms and Revascularization; The study will be a prospective, pragmatic, randomized clinical trial of the comparative effectiveness of diagnostic evaluation strategies for stable CAD, to be performed in outpatient settings, including primary care and cardiology practices. AN  - NCT03702244 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The PRECISE Protocol: Prospective Randomized Trial of the Optimal Evaluation of Cardiac Symptoms and Revascularization (PRECISE) TI  - Prospective Randomized Trial of the Optimal Evaluation of Cardiac Symptoms and Revascularization
Child Developmental Health, Maternal Psychosocial Distress, and Health System Costs at 18 Months Corrected Age: Effectiveness of a Cluster Randomized Controlled Trial of Family Integrated Care in Level II NICUs; In Alberta, one in every twelve babies is born preterm. Compared with their full term counterparts, preterm infants who survive are at higher risk for respiratory problems, jaundice, infections, feeding problems, behavioural problems, and neuro-developmental disabilities, including cognitive delays, and visual and hearing impairments. As a result, parents must leave their preterm babies in the hospital to fully develop enough to care for them at home. When it is time for discharge, parents are often unprepared to look after their baby because they may have limited involvement in the care of their baby in hospital. In addition to the distress and costs to parents of having a baby in hospital, health system costs are also increased the longer a baby is in hospital. The aim of this novel health services study is to assess the longer-term outcomes and costs, to 18 months corrected age, of Family Integrated Care (FICare) for moderate and late preterm infants admitted to a Level II neonatal intensive care unit (NICU). A cluster randomized controlled trial (cRCT) of FICare is currently in progress. FICare is a psycho-educational intervention that empowers parents (mothers and fathers) to sequentially build their knowledge, skill, and confidence so the family is well-prepared to care for their preterm infant before discharge. The FICare cRCT evaluates outcomes related to infant global development and maternal psychosocial distress at 2 months. At 2 months, it is difficult to predict longer term outcomes for moderate and late preterm infants. A follow-up study at 18 months will provide evidence of the sustainability of any effects, and longer-term cost savings upon which to inform policy decisions about full-scale implementation of FICare in Level II NICUs. AN  - NCT03337659 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Cluster Randomized Controlled Trial of FICare at 18 Months TI  - Child Developmental Health, Maternal Psychosocial Distress, and Health System Costs at 18 Months Corrected Age: Effectiveness of a Cluster Randomized Controlled Trial of Family Integrated Care in Level II NICUs
Multicentre International Randomized Clinical Study to Assess the Efficacy of the T-Control® Catheter vs. a Conventional Foley-type Catheter; Be catheterized with T-Control® or Foley catheter. Visit the clinic after 4 weeks for checkups, fullfill questionnaires and tests. Keep a diary of their symptoms and adverse events related to the catheter. AN  - NCT06474845 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Efficacy of the T-Control® Catheter Compared to the Foley-type Catheter in Patients With Long-term Catheterization TI  - Multicentre International Randomized Clinical Study to Assess the Efficacy of the T-Control® Catheter vs. a Conventional Foley-type Catheter
Peanut Consumption on Cognitive Performance, Weight Management, and Inflammation in Young Adolescents; A multi-school, two-arm parallel cluster-randomized controlled trial will be conducted in 200 healthy young adolescents from Barcelona (Spain) to evaluate the effect of peanut consumption on cognitive performance, weight management and inflammation. Schools willing to participate will be randomly assigned to either the intervention or the control group. After the recruitment, the participants will follow a peanut-free diet for two weeks. Both arms will receive a multidimensional educational intervention designed by the Gasol Foundation to promote healthy dietary habits based on Mediterranean diet recommendations, along with exercise performance, healthy sleeping habits and emotional knowledge. Half of the participants (intervention group) will consume 25 g of whole skin roasted peanuts as a daily snack to be incorporated into their diet for six months. AN  - NCT06127511 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Peanut Consumption on Cognitive, Weight, and Inflammation (PEANUTY) TI  - Peanut Consumption on Cognitive Performance, Weight Management, and Inflammation in Young Adolescents
New Treatment Strategy for Patients With Multiple Recurrent Clostridioides Difficile Infection With Bezlotoxumab as First Option; The objective of this trial is to investigate whether a treatment strategy offering bezlotoxumab before FMT in patients suffering from multiple recurrent CDI results in equal efficacy compared with a treatment strategy with initial FMT. Strategy A includes bezlotoxumab as ancillary treatment as first option, and FMT in case of failure. Option B includes FMT as ancillary treatment as first option, and antibiotic treatment with fidaxomicin in case of failure. A secondary objective is to provide a point estimate of recurrence after bezlotoxumab for the treatment of multiple recurrent CDI. AN  - NCT05077085 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Bezlotoxumab Versus FMT for Multiple Recurrent CDI (BSTEP) TI  - New Treatment Strategy for Patients With Multiple Recurrent Clostridioides Difficile Infection With Bezlotoxumab as First Option
The Effect of the Combined Use of Naloxone and Tramacet on Postoperative Analgesia in Elderly Patients Having Joint Replacement Surgery: a Randomized Controlled Study.; Hypothesis: Perioperative naloxone infusion and tramacet provides adequate analgesia in elderly patients undergoing total knee/hip arthroplasty and is associated with 80% reduction in opioid use and reduced opioid-induced side effects. AN  - NCT00679614 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effect of Combined Use of Naloxone and Tramacet on Postop Analgesia in Elderly Patients Having Joint Replacement Surgery TI  - The Effect of the Combined Use of Naloxone and Tramacet on Postoperative Analgesia in Elderly Patients Having Joint Replacement Surgery: a Randomized Controlled Study.
Supplementation With a Next-Generation Synbiotic in Individuals With Overweight or Obesity: A Triple-Blinded Randomized Controlled Clinical Trial; This study plans to evaluate the effect of consuming a symbiotic (probiotic + prebiotic) for 3 months on body weight, body composition, glucose sensitivity, and psychological parameters, as well as on gut and blood microbial composition. Synbiotic consumption is preceded by a 3-day antibiotic course to help ensure the opening of new niches (houses) for the upcoming beneficial bacteria. AN  - NCT06213480 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Next-Generation Synbiotic in Individuals With Overweight or Obesity TI  - Supplementation With a Next-Generation Synbiotic in Individuals With Overweight or Obesity: A Triple-Blinded Randomized Controlled Clinical Trial
Effects of Volume and Dose of Local Anaesthetic Solution in Epidural Steroidal Injections for Patients With Chronic Lower Back Pain; The purpose of this study is to examine 4 different epidural dosing regimes of local anaesthetic solution in a series of 3 epidural injections over a period of 12 months to determine the optimum dose of anaesthetic solution for pain relief and to determine the nature of any adverse events by measuring anxiety and depression, functionality and any side effects of the medication. AN  - NCT00887003 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Epidural Study of Patients With Chronic Lower Back Pain TI  - Effects of Volume and Dose of Local Anaesthetic Solution in Epidural Steroidal Injections for Patients With Chronic Lower Back Pain
A Randomized Phase 2 Study Evaluating Abiraterone Acetate With Different Steroid Regimens for Preventing Symptoms Associated With Mineralocorticoid Excess in Asymptomatic, Chemotherapy-naïve and Metastatic Castration-resistant Prostate Cancer (mCRPC) Patients; The purpose of the study is to determine the safety and clinical benefit of the combinations of abiraterone acetate and prednisone or abiraterone and dexamethasone in prostate cancer patients. Prednisone will be given at one of three different dose schedules. Dexamethasone will be given at one dose schedule. This will include looking at what side effects occur and how often they occur. In addition the impact of the study drug on quality of life and pain will be evaluated. The study will also collect data on subsequent treatment of patients after they come off the study drug (approximately 4.5 years after the start of study treatment of the first subject participating in the study). By analyzing blood samples, the study aims to identify if some markers could help to understand if the treatment with abiraterone is effective and also help to understand if patients can become resistant. AN  - NCT01867710 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Abiraterone With Different Steroid Regimens for Side Effect Related to Mineralcorticoid Excess Prevention in Prostate Cancer Prior to Chemotherapy TI  - A Randomized Phase 2 Study Evaluating Abiraterone Acetate With Different Steroid Regimens for Preventing Symptoms Associated With Mineralocorticoid Excess in Asymptomatic, Chemotherapy-naïve and Metastatic Castration-resistant Prostate Cancer (mCRPC) Patients
A Pilot Study of the Feasibility of Discontinuation of Adalimumab in Stable Rheumatoid Arthritis Patients in Clinical Remission (ADMIRE); The purpose of this pilot study is to investigate the possibility of discontinuing adalimumab therapy in patients with rheumatoid arthritis who are in stable remission after treatment with adalimumab in combination with methotrexate. AN  - NCT00808509 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Pilot Study of the Feasibility of Discontinuation of Adalimumab in Stable Rheumatoid Arthritis Patients in Clinical Remission (ADMIRE) TI  - A Pilot Study of the Feasibility of Discontinuation of Adalimumab in Stable Rheumatoid Arthritis Patients in Clinical Remission (ADMIRE)
A Phase 3, Prospective, Randomized, Parallel-design, Multicenter Study to Evaluate the Safety of Icon Bioscience-10090 for the Treatment of Inflammation Associated With Cataract Surgery; - Prednisolone acetate ophthalmic suspension 1% eye drops administered 1 drop 4 times daily (QID) for 3 weeks Safety will be assessed by adverse events (AEs), slit lamp biomicroscopy, fundus examination, intraocular pressure (IOP), visual acuity, and specular microscopy endothelial cell count. AN  - NCT02547623 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study to Evaluate the Safety for the Treatment of Inflammation Associated With Cataract Surgery TI  - A Phase 3, Prospective, Randomized, Parallel-design, Multicenter Study to Evaluate the Safety of Icon Bioscience-10090 for the Treatment of Inflammation Associated With Cataract Surgery
A Multicenter, Randomized, Double-blind, Parallel-group, Phase 3 Study To Demonstrate Non-inferiority For The Efficacy Of A Once Daily Dose Of Tofacitinib Modified Release Tablet To A Twice Daily Dose Of The Immediate Release Tablet In Adult Patients With Rheumatoid Arthritis On Background Methotrexate; This is a 12 week study that will evaluate the efficacy and safety of the 11 mg tofacitinib modified release tablet taken once a day in patients with rheumatoid arthritis who continue taking methotrexate. Results for the modified release tablets will be compared to the efficacy and safety of the 5 mg tofacitinib immediate release tablets taken twice a day in patients with rheumatoid arthritis who continue taking methotrexate. AN  - NCT02281552 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study To Evaluate The Safety And Efficacy Of Tofacitinib Modified Release Tablets Compared To Tofacitinib Immediate Release Tablets In Adult Patients With Rheumatoid Arthritis TI  - A Multicenter, Randomized, Double-blind, Parallel-group, Phase 3 Study To Demonstrate Non-inferiority For The Efficacy Of A Once Daily Dose Of Tofacitinib Modified Release Tablet To A Twice Daily Dose Of The Immediate Release Tablet In Adult Patients With Rheumatoid Arthritis On Background Methotrexate
A Single Arm, Open-Label, Phase 2 Study of Melflufen in Combination With Dexamethasone in Patients With Relapsed Refractory Multiple Myeloma Who Are Refractory to Pomalidomide and/or an Anti-CD38 Monoclonal Antibody; This study will evaluate melflufen in combination with dexamethasone in adult patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma in whose disease is refractory to pomalidomide and/or an anti-CD38 monoclonal antibody. All patients in the study will be treated with melflufen on Day 1 and dexamethasone on Days 1, 8, 15 and 22 of each 28-day cycle. AN  - NCT02963493 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study of Melphalan Flufenamide (Melflufen) Plus Dexamethasone in Patients With Relapsed or Refractory Multiple Myeloma (HORIZON) TI  - A Single Arm, Open-Label, Phase 2 Study of Melflufen in Combination With Dexamethasone in Patients With Relapsed Refractory Multiple Myeloma Who Are Refractory to Pomalidomide and/or an Anti-CD38 Monoclonal Antibody
Low Dose Versus Normal Dose Ketorolac for Postoperative Pain After Prostatectomy and Hysterectomy: a Double-blind Randomized Controlled Non-inferiority Trial; A monocenter, prospective, double-blind, randomized controlled non-inferiority trial will be designed to investigate if ketorolac 10 mg is as effective for pain relief as the standard dose of 30 mg in patients undergoing robot assisted radical prostatectomy (RARP) or hysterectomy by laparoscopic assisted vaginal hysterectomy (LAVH) or total laparoscopic hysterectomy (TLH). It is hypothesised that the postoperative pain score at rest at 8 hours after surgery when receiving ketolorac 10 mg is non-inferior to the pain score at rest when receiving ketolorac 30mg. AN  - NCT05206110 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Low Dose Versus Normal Dose Ketorolac for Postoperative Pain After Prostatectomy and Hysterectomy TI  - Low Dose Versus Normal Dose Ketorolac for Postoperative Pain After Prostatectomy and Hysterectomy: a Double-blind Randomized Controlled Non-inferiority Trial
Developing a Positive Psychology Intervention to Improve Cardiac Health Behaviors: Qualitative Research Phase; The purpose of the study is to understand peoples' positive emotions, like how optimistic or grateful they feel, after they have had a heart problem. The investigators want to determine whether positive emotions affect peoples' ability to follow recommendations, like following a healthy diet, exercising, and taking medication. AN  - NCT01807442 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Positive Psychology to Improve Cardiac Health Behaviors (PEACE) TI  - Developing a Positive Psychology Intervention to Improve Cardiac Health Behaviors: Qualitative Research Phase
The Bronchiolitis Follow-up Intervention Trial; This study evaluates the value of routine follow-up with a child's pediatrician after hospitalization for bronchiolitis. Parents of half of participants will be instructed to follow-up with the child's pediatrician regardless of symptom resolution, while the other half will be instructed to follow-up on an as-needed basis (only if the child worsens, doesn't improve, or other concerns develop). AN  - NCT03354325 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Bronchiolitis Follow-up Intervention Trial (BeneFIT) TI  - The Bronchiolitis Follow-up Intervention Trial
Evaluation of the Role of Hydrocortisone Either Alone or Combined With Fludrocortisone in the Outcome of Septic Shock in Adults; Corticosteroids attenuate inflammation in various organs an effect partly related to inhibition of nuclear factor NF-κB. Improve cardiovascular function by restoring effective blood volume through increased mineralocorticoid activity and by increasing systemic vascular resistance through vascular α-Adrenergic responsiveness and reduces inflammation-mediated vasodilation . AN  - NCT04492280 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Evaluation of the Role of Hydrocortisone Either Alone or Combined With Fludrocortisone in the Outcome of Septic Shock in Adults TI  - Evaluation of the Role of Hydrocortisone Either Alone or Combined With Fludrocortisone in the Outcome of Septic Shock in Adults
The Guidance on the Gravitationally Assisted Lactation Influences the Occurrence of Lactational Mastitis: a Clinical Cohort Study; Lactation is the instinct of almost all mammals, including human beings. With the development of human society, the function of lactation has gradually deviated from nature instinct. Breastfeeding related industries, such as milk bottles, formula and breast pumps, have formed a vast consumer market, leading to a transition from breastfeeding mothers' individual instinct to the social division of labor. Previous studies found that the incidence of lactational mastitis remains largely unchanged post World War II with some reporting an increase, suggesting the hazards of lactational mastitis still exist under the background of social division of labor. Breast milk contains ingredients that improve the immunity of newborns. By affecting mothers' breastfeeding, lactational mastitis pose a hazard for newborns, increasing the chances of developing respiratory and gastrointestinal diseases. For breastfeeding mothers, severe mastitis may develop into breast abscess due to improper treatment in the early stage. In addition to antibiotic treatment, incision, drainage and even surgery may be required. These potentially increase the risk of developing postpartum depression, type II diabetes, breast cancer and ovarian cancer. Compared with other mammals, humans and cows have a higher incidence of lactational mastitis, indicating that human intervention in breastfeeding may be the cause of the high incidence. On the other hand, as a result of walking upright, humans' hands are liberated, forming complex and diverse breastfeeding position. According to the Sakra World Hospital, these positions are classified into eight types: cradle, cross cradle, supine, football, Australian hold, inverted lateral, lateral cradle, and lateral. The pilot study demonstrated that different breastfeeding positions are closed related to the occurrence of lactational mastitis, and to the location of mastitis. Assuming that the baby's sucking factors remain the same, there must be differences in the milk drainage in different breastfeeding positions under the influence of gravity. Researchist speculate that breastfeeding women who opt to a position that cause an anti-gravitational expulsion of milk are more likely to develop lactational mastitis. Therefore, this study aims to investigate how the scientific guidance on the gravitationally assisted breastfeeding positions will reduce the occurrence of mastitis. AN  - NCT05207241 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Effect of Gravity on the Occurrence of Lactational Mastitis TI  - The Guidance on the Gravitationally Assisted Lactation Influences the Occurrence of Lactational Mastitis: a Clinical Cohort Study
Vulnerability and Therapeutic Changes in Older Patients With Multiple Myeloma.; The aim of this study is to determine whether the presence of vulnerability detected by geriatricians is associated with treatment discontinuation in older patient. During the comprehensive geriatric assessment realized before the decision-treatment, the following data are recorded and their impact in the therapeutic changes will also be analysed: comorbidity, age, depression, functional status, the cognitive impairment and malnutrition. AN  - NCT02063113 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Vulnerability and Therapeutic Changes in Older Patients With Multiple Myeloma. (MYELOME-PA) TI  - Vulnerability and Therapeutic Changes in Older Patients With Multiple Myeloma.
Prospective, Multicenter, Non-interventional Study to Characterize Profile of Patient With Psoriatic Arthritis Depending on Whether Their Disease is Managed by a Dermatologist or by a Rheumatologist, and Starting Ustekinumab; The primary purpose of this study is to describe the Psoriatic Arthritis (PsA) participant profiles depending on whether their disease is managed by a dermatologist or by a rheumatologist in routine practice. AN  - NCT03336281 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study to Characterize Profile of Participant With Psoriatic Arthritis Depending on Whether Their Disease is Managed by a Dermatologist or by a Rheumatologist, and Starting Ustekinumab (PROUST) TI  - Prospective, Multicenter, Non-interventional Study to Characterize Profile of Patient With Psoriatic Arthritis Depending on Whether Their Disease is Managed by a Dermatologist or by a Rheumatologist, and Starting Ustekinumab
Comparative, Randomized Trial of SPI-directed Intravenous Analgesia Using Metamizole With Tramadol Versus Preemptive Wound Infiltration Using 0,2 % Ropivacaine With Fentanyl or 0,2 % Bupivacaine With Fentanyl for Lumbar Discectomy; Patients received either preemptive local tissue infiltration at surgical site using either 0,2% ropivacaine with fentanyl or 0,2% bupivacaine with fenthanyl or preemptive intravenous infusion using metamizole and tramadol. AN  - NCT02971540 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - SPI-directed Analgesia for Lumbar Discectomy (SPI) TI  - Comparative, Randomized Trial of SPI-directed Intravenous Analgesia Using Metamizole With Tramadol Versus Preemptive Wound Infiltration Using 0,2 % Ropivacaine With Fentanyl or 0,2 % Bupivacaine With Fentanyl for Lumbar Discectomy
A Phase 3, Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled Study Of The Efficacy And Safety Of 2 Doses Of Tofacitinib (Cp-690,550) In Subjects With Active Psoriatic Arthritis And An Inadequate Response To At Least One Tnf Inhibitor; To examine the safety and efficacy of tofacitinib in subjects with active psoriatic arthritis who have previously had an inadequate response to at least one TNF inhibitor either due to lack of efficacy or an adverse event. AN  - NCT01882439 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Tofacitinib In Psoriatic Arthritis Subjects With Inadequate Response to TNF Inhibitors (OPAL BEYOND) TI  - A Phase 3, Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled Study Of The Efficacy And Safety Of 2 Doses Of Tofacitinib (Cp-690,550) In Subjects With Active Psoriatic Arthritis And An Inadequate Response To At Least One Tnf Inhibitor
Feasibility and Effectiveness of a Home Monitored Rehabilitation Intervention Using an Exergaming Approach in COPD Patients - a Randomized, Controlled Clinical Study; Population and study size The study will include a total of 92 subjects, 46 in the intervention- and 46 in the control arm. For each participant, the total study participation time will be 12 weeks. A randomization list will be produced with random assignment of treatment groups in a ratio of 1:1 AN  - NCT04816825 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Home-monitored Telerehabilitation in COPD Patients TI  - Feasibility and Effectiveness of a Home Monitored Rehabilitation Intervention Using an Exergaming Approach in COPD Patients - a Randomized, Controlled Clinical Study
Transforaminal Epidural Injection in Acute Sciatica; Patients suffering from sciatica are treated conservatively for the first 8 weeks due to the favourable prognosis. This period is preferably extended up to 14-16 weeks after which patients may opt for surgery. However, patients may experience severe discomfort due to pain in the leg which can lead to decreased physical activity and socio-economic problems. An adequate therapy to alleviate symptoms during this period of 'wait-and-see' is lacking. In this study, patients will be randomized to treatment with transforaminal epidural injections or standard oral pain medication. AN  - NCT03924791 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Transforaminal Epidural Injection in Acute Sciatica (TEIAS) TI  - Transforaminal Epidural Injection in Acute Sciatica
Effects of Physical Activity Plus Short Course of Dexamethasone for Cancer-Related Fatigue in Advanced Cancer; This randomized phase II trial studies how well physical activity and dexamethasone work in reducing cancer-related fatigue in patients with cancer that has spread to other places in the body and usually cannot be cured or controlled with treatment (advanced). Dexamethasone is approved for the treatment of tiredness, pain, and nausea. Physical activity may help improve cancer-related fatigue by improvement in symptoms, distress, and overall well-being. It is not yet known whether high dose or low dose dexamethasone combined with physical activity works better in reducing fatigue in patients with advanced cancer. AN  - NCT02491632 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Physical Activity and Dexamethasone in Reducing Cancer-Related Fatigue in Patients With Advanced Cancer TI  - Effects of Physical Activity Plus Short Course of Dexamethasone for Cancer-Related Fatigue in Advanced Cancer
Interventional Ventricular Assist System for PCI in Complicated and High-risk Patient: a Prospective, Multicenter, Randomized Trial; The aim of the study is to evaluate the effectiveness of interventional ventricular assist system (CorVad) compared to the venoarterial extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (VA-ECMO) system in providing circulatory support for complicated and high-risk patient with indications for PCI. AN  - NCT06373120 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Interventional Ventricular Assist System for PCI in CHIP Patients (REC-CHIPMCS) TI  - Interventional Ventricular Assist System for PCI in Complicated and High-risk Patient: a Prospective, Multicenter, Randomized Trial
A Clinical Approach to Validate the Biological Significance of LPC16:0 as a Discriminating and Pathogenic Biomarker of Fibromyalgia; In this study, the investigators use tailored questionnaires to evaluate fibromyalgia and associated symptoms, including numeric rating scale for soreness, widespread soreness index, Fibromyalgia impact questionnaire, Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale, and perceived stress scale. The investigators also use metabolomics and lipidomic approach to probe the potential pathophysiology of fibromyalgia. In our prior translation research (PMID: 32907805), the investigators found that excessive LPC16:0 resulting from lipid oxidization inflicts psychological stress-induced chronic non-inflammatory pain via activating ASIC3. In this content, our prior translational research identified a potential nociceptive ligand that causes fibromyalgia symptoms, which is likely to function as biomarkers for diagnosis or disease monitor. In the current clinical investigation, the investigators aim to reversely translate the novel findings in animal studies and validate the bio-significance of LPC16:0 for fibromyalgia with clinical approaches. AN  - NCT04832100 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Bio-significance of LPC16:0 in Fibromyalgia TI  - A Clinical Approach to Validate the Biological Significance of LPC16:0 as a Discriminating and Pathogenic Biomarker of Fibromyalgia
Exploring the Effects of Cannabinoids on Alcohol Consumption and the Microbiota-Gut-Brain Axis; This observational study aims to improve our understanding of how legal market cannabis use impacts acute and long-term alcohol use, the microbiota-gut-brain-axis (MGBA), and neurobehavioral alcohol use phenotypes such as impulsivity, impaired cognitive functioning, and craving, among individuals who regularly use both alcohol and cannabis. Over a period of one month, subjects will participate in this three-visit study. Blood samples will be collected to allow for the assessment of inflammatory markers and cannabinoids, a fecal sample will be collected to allow for the analysis of the gut microbiome, and participants will complete cognitive and impulsivity tasks and provide craving ratings during the course of an alcohol self-administration procedure. Subjects will also participate in two 14-day daily diary data collection periods between lab sessions. Daily diary data collection will be used to assess the effects of cannabis use on alcohol use and craving longitudinally. AN  - NCT04998006 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Alcohol and Cannabis Co-Use and the Gut-Brain Axis (FRACTAL) TI  - Exploring the Effects of Cannabinoids on Alcohol Consumption and the Microbiota-Gut-Brain Axis
The Effects of Raspberry Leaf Tea on Blood Glucose Control in Healthy Adults; They will be asked to attend a four-study visit after an eight-hour overnight fast. Volunteers will be asked to consume 50 g of carbohydrate powder (sucrose and glucose) with or without 10 g of raspberry leaf tea, which will be dissolved in 300 mL of warm water during four visits (every month). Blood samples will be taken at intervals for a period of two hours after the consumption of raspberry leaf or control. Blood glucose and insulin levels will be tested 15 minutes before, at 15,30,60,90, and 120 minutes after carbohydrate intake. AN  - NCT06385626 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Effects of Raspberry Leaf Tea on Blood Glucose Control (RLT) TI  - The Effects of Raspberry Leaf Tea on Blood Glucose Control in Healthy Adults
Chart Review of Patients With COPD, Using Electronic Medical Records and Artificial Intelligence: BigCOPData; Based on all the above, the aim is to identify the factors potentially associated with hospital admission in patients with AECOPD in English, French, German, and Spanish, speaking countries, and to develop a predictive model that predicts the risk of hospitalization in this group of patients, by using artificial intelligence. In this study proposes to take advantage of SAVANA, a new clinical platform, created in the context of the era of electronic medical records (EMRs), to analyse the information included in the electronic medical files (i.e., big data). This clinical platform is a powerful free-text analysis engine, capable of meaningfully interpreting the contents of the EMRs, regardless of the management system in which they operate. In this context, this machine learning analytical method can be used to build a flexible, customized and automated predictive model using the information available in EMRs. AN  - NCT04206098 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Chart Review of Patients With COPD, Using Electronic Medical Records and Artificial Intelligence (BigCOPData) TI  - Chart Review of Patients With COPD, Using Electronic Medical Records and Artificial Intelligence: BigCOPData
Phase 3 Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo Controlled, Multicenter Study to Compare the Efficacy and Safety of Lenalidomide (CC-5013) Plus R-CHOP Chemotherapy (R2-CHOP) Versus Placebo Plus R-CHOP Chemotherapy in Subjects With Previously Untreated Activated B-cell Type Diffuse Large B-cell Lymphoma; To evaluate the efficacy and safety of lenalidomide, rituximab, cyclophosphamide, doxorubicin, vincristine, and prednisone (R2-CHOP) chemotherapy versus placebo, rituximab, cyclophosphamide, doxorubicin, vincristine, and prednisone (placebo-R-CHOP) chemotherapy in patients who have previously untreated ABC type DLBCL. AN  - NCT02285062 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Efficacy and Safety Study of Lenalidomide Plus R-CHOP Chemotherapy Versus Placebo Plus R-CHOP Chemotherapy in Untreated ABC Type Diffuse Large B-cell Lymphoma (ROBUST) TI  - Phase 3 Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo Controlled, Multicenter Study to Compare the Efficacy and Safety of Lenalidomide (CC-5013) Plus R-CHOP Chemotherapy (R2-CHOP) Versus Placebo Plus R-CHOP Chemotherapy in Subjects With Previously Untreated Activated B-cell Type Diffuse Large B-cell Lymphoma
VIVE Active: avaliação de um Programa de Treino Funcional Nos Cuidados de saúde primários - Estudo Quasi-experimental; This study aims to evaluate the feasibility and effectiveness of a 6-months functional training program (FTP), which includes a group nutrition counseling, in sedentary users of Ponta Delgada Health Center (PDHC), compared to a waiting list control. AN  - NCT04058093 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Evaluation of a Functional Training Program in Primary Health Care (VIVEactive) TI  - VIVE Active: avaliação de um Programa de Treino Funcional Nos Cuidados de saúde primários - Estudo Quasi-experimental
Longitudinal Changes In Fatigue And Health Status (aims2) In Ra Patients Treated With Sc Anti-tnf-alpha Therapy; People affected by rheumatoid arthritis are often suffering from fatigue and decreased QOL. In this study we are measuring the impact of SC biologics on these parameters. AN  - NCT01521884 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study Looking at Longitudinal Changes in Fatigue and Health Status in Rheumatoid Arthritis (RA) Patients Treated With Subcutaneous Anti-TNF-α Therapy TI  - Longitudinal Changes In Fatigue And Health Status (aims2) In Ra Patients Treated With Sc Anti-tnf-alpha Therapy
A Phase 4, Multi-center, Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled Study of the Impact of Apremilast (CC-10004) on Quality of Life, Efficacy, and Safety in Subjects With Manifestations of Plaque Psoriasis and Impaired Quality of Life; The primary objective of the study is to assess the impact of treatment with apremilast 30 mg twice daily for 16 weeks, compared to placebo, on health-related quality of life (QOL) in adults with manifestations of plaque psoriasis and impaired quality of life. AN  - NCT03774875 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study of the Impact of Apremilast (CC-10004) on Quality of Life, Efficacy, and Safety in Adults With Manifestations of Plaque Psoriasis and Impaired Quality of Life (EMBRACE) TI  - A Phase 4, Multi-center, Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled Study of the Impact of Apremilast (CC-10004) on Quality of Life, Efficacy, and Safety in Subjects With Manifestations of Plaque Psoriasis and Impaired Quality of Life
Management of Anger in Patients With ST Segment Elevation Acute Myocadial Infarction: A Randomized Clinical Trial; According to a study performed by our group, anger management was significantly lower among patients with CAD when compared to those without CAD, and the occurrence of major cardiovascular events (MACE) was significantly higher in patients presented with lower anger control. Both associations were independent from traditional risk factors, occurrence of previous events or another anger aspects. Thus, this study was designed in order to evaluate the effect of the "cognitive training to anger management " on endothelium-dependent vasodilation of the arm artery in patients with acute myocardial infarction with ST segment elevation submitted to primary coronary intervention. AN  - NCT02868216 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Management of Anger in Patients With Acute Myocardial Infarction (MAPAMI) (MAPAMI) TI  - Management of Anger in Patients With ST Segment Elevation Acute Myocadial Infarction: A Randomized Clinical Trial
A Randomized, Parallel, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Dose Regimen Finding Study To Evaluate The Safety And Efficacy Of TRU-015 In Subjects With Active Seropositive Rheumatoid Arthritis On A Stable Background Of Methotrexate; This study will evaluate the efficacy and safety of two dosing regimens of a compound known as TRU-015 in combination with methotrexate (MTX) in patients with active rheumatoid arthritis. AN  - NCT00634933 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study Evaluating 2 Dosing Regimens Of TRU-015 In Rheumatoid Arthritis TI  - A Randomized, Parallel, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Dose Regimen Finding Study To Evaluate The Safety And Efficacy Of TRU-015 In Subjects With Active Seropositive Rheumatoid Arthritis On A Stable Background Of Methotrexate
Investigating Fear Of Recurrence as a Modifiable Mechanism of Behavior Change to Improve Medication Adherence in Acute Coronary Syndrome Patients; The primary goal of this project is to identify, measure, and influence fear of cardiac event recurrence, a candidate mechanism of change in medication adherence in patients with suspected acute coronary syndrome (ACS). An intervention will be tested that has been used to reduce fear of cancer recurrence by changing emotion-related patterns of attention allocation and interpretation of neutral stimuli. Secondarily, the study will test whether a reduction in fear of cardiac event recurrence improves medication adherence. AN  - NCT03853213 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Investigating Fear Of Recurrence as a Modifiable Mechanism of Behavior Change (INFORM) TI  - Investigating Fear Of Recurrence as a Modifiable Mechanism of Behavior Change to Improve Medication Adherence in Acute Coronary Syndrome Patients
D-Cycloserine and Virtual Reality Exposure Therapy Delivered on an iPad: Increasing Access to Treatment for Social Anxiety Disorder; The proposed project aims to increase accessibility of exposure therapy, an evidence based treatment for social anxiety disorder, by adapting a therapist-assisted computer-based program to be delivered in a self-guided manner on an iPad. A significant problem with self-guided treatment delivered via computer is compliance. The vast majority of users do not complete treatment, so achieving therapeutic benefit as quickly as possible is essential. D-cycloserine is a drug found to augment response to therapist-guided exposure therapy for anxiety disorders, but has never been tested with self-guided exposure. This study uses a randomized, double-blind methodology to compare D-cycloserine (50 mg; DCS) to placebo in combination with self-guided virtual reality exposure therapy (VRE) delivered via iPad to treat social anxiety disorder. The proposed study tests the hypothesis that patients who receive DCS in combination with the self-guided VRE will show more improvement than those who receive placebo in combination with VRE. Outcome measures include self-reported symptoms of social anxiety, behavioral avoidance, and diagnostic remission. Participants (N=34) are adults with a primary diagnosis of social anxiety disorder. Participants will complete a structured diagnostic interview, standardized self-report measures of social anxiety, and a behavioral avoidance task (i.e., giving a speech) and will be assessed at pre-treatment, at post-treatment and at 3 month follow-up. Hierarchical linear regression and chi-square analyses will be used to test differences between those randomized to DCS versus placebo on the following outcomes: post-treatment scores of self-reported social phobia symptoms, willingness to and anxiety while giving a speech at post-treatment, and diagnostic remission at 3 month follow-up. The proposed project combines technological advances with translational research to develop an innovative and accessible treatment for those with social anxiety disorder. The pilot data generated from this study will be appealing to a variety of funding agencies, including the National Institute of Mental Health's call for exploratory clinical trials of novel interventions for mental illnesses, the Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute's call for effectiveness studies aimed to overcome barriers to treatment, and the National Science Foundation's call for innovation-technology translation research. AN  - NCT02933684 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - D-Cycloserine and Virtual Reality Exposure Therapy TI  - D-Cycloserine and Virtual Reality Exposure Therapy Delivered on an iPad: Increasing Access to Treatment for Social Anxiety Disorder
Dexamethasone as an Immediate Intervention to Reduce Long-Term Stress Responses; To determine if a single dose of dexamethasone (5 mg) administered in the first 12 hours following a potentially traumatic event alters a) cortisol and FKBP5 RNA the next day in the periphery measured in saliva; b) FKBP5 methylation by 1 month; c) executive functioning and emotion regulation functioning; d) psychophysiological (heart rate, respiration, skin conductance) in response cued reminders of the trauma; e) enhances the likelihood of remission of PTSD symptom severity. AN  - NCT02753166 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Dexamethasone as an Immediate Intervention TI  - Dexamethasone as an Immediate Intervention to Reduce Long-Term Stress Responses
Efficacy and Toxicity of Cabazitaxel in Men 75 Years of Age or Older With Castration-Resistant Prostate Cancer With Progression After Treatment With Docetaxel; Cabazitaxel is already approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for use in patients with advanced prostrate cancer, following docetaxel therapy. The purpose of this study is to better understand the response and toxicity of cabazitaxel of elderly men (age 75 years and older) with advanced prostate cancer who have progressed during or after treatment with docetaxel. All patients on this study will receive cabazitaxel by intravenous (through a vein) infusion plus prednisone by mouth twice daily, and following the chemotherapy infusions, an injection of a granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (G-CSF). G-CSF will help the body produce more white blood cells, which should help decrease the risk of getting an infection while being treated with cabazitaxel. AN  - NCT01750866 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Cabazitaxel in Men 75 Years of Age or Older With Castration-Resistant Prostate Cancer TI  - Efficacy and Toxicity of Cabazitaxel in Men 75 Years of Age or Older With Castration-Resistant Prostate Cancer With Progression After Treatment With Docetaxel
Comparing the Effect of Dexmedetomidine With Midazolam on Sedation, Oxidative Stress, and Microcirculation in Intensive Care Unit; In intensive care unit, patients suffered pain and anxiety from mechanical ventilation, presence of endotracheal tube, central venous catheter, postoperative wound, and invasive procedures. Adequate analgesia and sedation can reduce pain and anxiety. However, traditional sedatives carry the risk of unstable hemodynamic status, respiratory depression, increased mechanical ventilation time, incidence of delirium, and length of ICU stay. Dexmedetomidine is a highly selec¬tive α2-adrenergic receptor agonist which causes sedative effects and reduces opioid requirements in the perioperative period. Memis et al had found that dexmedetomidine may prevent inflammatory effects in sepsis patients during sedation. Oxidative stress status is related to the inflammatory response. Moreover, oxidative stress may result in dysfunction of microcirculation. Dysfunction of microcirculation may cause vasoconstriction or microthrombosis, and it will impair tissue perfusion and result in organ dysfunction. The goal of this study is to compare the effects of dexmedetomidine and midazolam on requirement of analgesics, weaning parameter, hemodynamic status, time of extubation, incidence of delirium, and length of ICU stay, oxidative stress status, and microcirculation. AN  - NCT00886275 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Comparing the Effect of Dexmedetomidine With Midazolam on Sedation, Oxidative Stress, and Microcirculation in Intensive Care Unit TI  - Comparing the Effect of Dexmedetomidine With Midazolam on Sedation, Oxidative Stress, and Microcirculation in Intensive Care Unit
Impact of Advance Care Planning on Care for Patients With Advanced Heart Failure: A Randomized Controlled Trial; Clinical Significance: If benefits of ACP are shown to add value through this trial, then this study will help to promote acceptance of ACP among patients and health care providers across Singapore and elsewhere. AN  - NCT02299180 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Impact of Advance Care Planning on Care for Patients With Advanced Heart Failure TI  - Impact of Advance Care Planning on Care for Patients With Advanced Heart Failure: A Randomized Controlled Trial
An Evaluation of Lung Function and Symptoms in Patients With Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) on Long-Acting Bronchodilator Monotherapy; A multicenter study to evaluate lung function and symptoms in subjects with COPD who have been on regular use of only one long-acting bronchodilator. AN  - NCT00791518 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Evaluation of Lung Function and Symptoms in Patients Diagnosed With Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) on Long-Acting Bronchodilator Monotherapy (LABD) TI  - An Evaluation of Lung Function and Symptoms in Patients With Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) on Long-Acting Bronchodilator Monotherapy
The Effect of Preoperative Information and Education in the Clinical Outcome of Total Hip Arthroplasty; Preoperative patient information and education is an essential aspect of modern surgical care, particularly for patients undergoing total hip arthroplasty (THA). This prospective, randomized trial aims to assess the effects of structured preoperative education and information on clinical outcomes in patients undergoing THA. AN  - NCT06662981 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Effect of Preoperative Information and Education in the Clinical Outcome of Total Hip Arthroplasty TI  - The Effect of Preoperative Information and Education in the Clinical Outcome of Total Hip Arthroplasty
Using CERS to Optimize Quality of Life for Persons With Diabetes and Chronic Pain; As many as 75% of people with diabetes report chronic pain. While cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) improves pain and functioning in individuals with chronic pain, many rural and underserved communities lack resources for such programs. The investigators tested the hypothesis that a CBT-based program delivered by community health workers (CHW) can improve quality of life in individuals with diabetes and chronic pain. AN  - NCT02538055 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Using CERS to Optimize Quality of Life for Persons With Diabetes and Chronic Pain (Living Healthy) TI  - Using CERS to Optimize Quality of Life for Persons With Diabetes and Chronic Pain
Imatinib for Multiple Sclerosis (MS) Relapses - a Phase II, Randomised Study; To investigate if treatment with Imatinib results in a better outcome than standard care in form of Methylprednisolone(MP) after MS-associated relapses. AN  - NCT03674099 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Imatinib for Multiple Sclerosis (MS) Relapses TI  - Imatinib for Multiple Sclerosis (MS) Relapses - a Phase II, Randomised Study
Preventing Adverse Cardiac Events in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease; A double-blind, randomised controlled trial in participants with COPD to assess the efficacy of proactive treatment of cardiac risk in people with COPD. We hypothesise that treating known and undiagnosed CVD in COPD participants will improve both cardiac and respiratory outcomes. AN  - NCT03917914 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Preventing Adverse Cardiac Events in COPD TI  - Preventing Adverse Cardiac Events in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease
Nasal High-Flow Therapy to Treat COPD Exacerbations: a Matter of Monitoring and Controlling Settings?; Main study parameters/endpoints: The primary outcome will be improvement in HRQoL after 90 days. AN  - NCT03564236 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Nasal High-Flow in COPD (High-TeC) TI  - Nasal High-Flow Therapy to Treat COPD Exacerbations: a Matter of Monitoring and Controlling Settings?
A Randomized, Parallel-group, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled, Multicenter Phase 2 Trial to Investigate the Safety and Efficacy of Secukinumab (AIN457) in Patients With Giant Cell Arteritis (TitAIN); This study was designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of secukinumab compared to placebo to maintain disease remission up to 28 weeks including corticosteroid tapering, as well as up to 1 year (52 weeks) in patients with newly diagnosed or relapsing giant cell arteritis (GCA) who were naïve to biological therapy. AN  - NCT03765788 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Placebo-controlled Phase 2 Trial to Investigate the Safety and Efficacy of Secukinumab in Giant Cell Arteritis (TitAIN) TI  - A Randomized, Parallel-group, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled, Multicenter Phase 2 Trial to Investigate the Safety and Efficacy of Secukinumab (AIN457) in Patients With Giant Cell Arteritis (TitAIN)
A Comparative Study Assessing Improvement in Cognitive Deficit Secondary to CRS in Patients Treated With Medical Vs Surgical Management: A Prospective Trial; Chronic rhinosinusitis presents with a plethora of symptoms including non-rhinologic symptoms such as depression, sleep disturbances & the more recently recognized cognitive dysfunction. It has recently been identified that sinus specific treatments such as endoscopic sinus surgery can improve cognitive outcomes in patients with cognitive deficit secondary to chronic inflammation in the upper and lower airway. However, it remains to be seen whether or not offering surgery to these patients at an earlier date has an impact on the degree of improvement on cognitive function in comparison to patients who have to wait long periods for their treatment. AN  - NCT04291118 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Assessing Improvement in Cognitive Deficit in CRS in Patients Treated With Medical Vs Surgical Management TI  - A Comparative Study Assessing Improvement in Cognitive Deficit Secondary to CRS in Patients Treated With Medical Vs Surgical Management: A Prospective Trial
Burden of Disease Among Patients With Eosinophilic COPD in Spain: Multicentre Observational Study; This observational study is designed to more specifically describe the burden of the disease and the use of healthcare resources of subjects with eosinophilic COPD that may be eligible in the future for a biologic treatment. Subjects who attend a routine follow-up visit and fulfill the inclusion/exclusion criteria defined provide a signed informed consent will be invited by the investigator to participate in this study. Subjects will be recruited in hospital Pulmonology Services across Spain. It is planned to include approximately 20 centers. To select the final participating centers, a feasibility study has been carried out in approximately 50 potential participating centers. It has been estimated that each investigator will include 18 subjects during the 4-month inclusion period. Total 354 subjects will be required: 250 subjects with an eosinophil level >=150 cells per microliter and 104 subjects with an eosinophil level <150 cells per microliter. The study inclusion period will be 4 months (expected to be from November 2017 to March 2018) and the retrospective data collection period will be 12 months prior to the inclusion visit. AN  - NCT03436511 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Burden of Disease Among Subjects With Eosinophilic Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) TI  - Burden of Disease Among Patients With Eosinophilic COPD in Spain: Multicentre Observational Study
A Phase 3 Randomized Study Comparing Daratumumab, Bortezomib, Lenalidomide and Dexamethasone (DVRd) Followed by Ciltacabtagene Autoleucel Versus Daratumumab, Bortezomib, Lenalidomide and Dexamethasone (DVRd) Followed by Autologous Stem Cell Transplant (ASCT) in Participants With Newly Diagnosed Multiple Myeloma Who Are Transplant Eligible; The purpose of this study is to compare the efficacy of Daratumumab, Bortezomib, Lenalidomide and Dexamethasone (DVRd) followed by Ciltacabtagene Autoleucel versus Daratumumab, Bortezomib, Lenalidomide and Dexamethasone (DVRd) followed by Autologous Stem Cell Transplant (ASCT) in newly diagnosed multiple myeloma patients. AN  - NCT05257083 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study of Daratumumab, Bortezomib, Lenalidomide and Dexamethasone (DVRd) Followed by Ciltacabtagene Autoleucel Versus Daratumumab, Bortezomib, Lenalidomide and Dexamethasone (DVRd) Followed by Autologous Stem Cell Transplant (ASCT) in Participants With Newly Diagnosed Multiple Myeloma (CARTITUDE-6) TI  - A Phase 3 Randomized Study Comparing Daratumumab, Bortezomib, Lenalidomide and Dexamethasone (DVRd) Followed by Ciltacabtagene Autoleucel Versus Daratumumab, Bortezomib, Lenalidomide and Dexamethasone (DVRd) Followed by Autologous Stem Cell Transplant (ASCT) in Participants With Newly Diagnosed Multiple Myeloma Who Are Transplant Eligible
Incidence of Postoperative Delirium After Cardiac Surgery in Adults - a Prospective Observational Cohort Study; Postoperative delirium is an acute syndrome of mental deterioration characterized by acute onset and fluctuating course during the day. Very frequent delirium is a presage of other serious comorbidities i.e.: sepsis, acute kidney injury, circulatory and/or respiratory failure. A detailed knowledge of symptoms and early diagnose of delirium increase the chances of early therapy. To what extent the occurrence of postoperative delirium influences hospital therapy in the Cardiac Surgical Postoperative ICU in University Clinical Centre in Gdańsk is unknown so far. AN  - NCT04828902 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Incidence of Postoperative Delirium After Cardiac Surgery in Adults. TI  - Incidence of Postoperative Delirium After Cardiac Surgery in Adults - a Prospective Observational Cohort Study
Augmentation of Exposure Therapy With D-Cycloserine in Patients With Agoraphobia With or Without Panic Disorder; Since decades, D-Cycloserine (DCS, drug class: Oxazolidinone) is proven to be an effective antibiotic agent in the treatment of tuberculosis. Furthermore it takes action in the central nervous system as an partial agonist on NMDA receptors. Because of glutamate mediated neuronal long-term potentiation in long-term memory DCS has an augmenting effect on emotional learning, as it occurs in exposure therapy of anxiety disorders. In this context we use DCS in addition to exposure therapy as a part of cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) in patients suffering from agoraphobia with or without panic disorder. Thereby DCS is applicated oral as a capsule of 50mg, on three consecutive therapy sessions. AN  - NCT01928823 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Augmentation of Psychotherapy With D-Cycloserine in Agoraphobia (Exposure-DCS) TI  - Augmentation of Exposure Therapy With D-Cycloserine in Patients With Agoraphobia With or Without Panic Disorder
Curcumin, Resveratrol, and Stinging Nettle as Treatments for Gulf War Illness; This project's objective is to identify effective treatments for Gulf War Illness (GWI). The project tests three potential treatments: curcumin, stinging nettle, and resveratrol. The project uses a decentralized clinical trial (DCT) design in which individuals can participate from anywhere in the United States. Recruitment efforts will be designed to obtain a geographically and demographically diverse study sample. AN  - NCT05377242 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Curcumin, Resveratrol, and Stinging Nettle as Treatments for GWI TI  - Curcumin, Resveratrol, and Stinging Nettle as Treatments for Gulf War Illness
Congenital Adrenal Hyperplasia: Innovative Once Daily Dual Release Hydrocortisone Treatment; This is a controlled, open study designed to compare the effects of dual-release hydrocortisone preparations versus conventional glucocorticoid therapy on clinical, anthropometric parameters, metabolic syndrome, hormonal profile, bone status, quality of life, reproductive, sexual and psychological functions and treatment compliance in patients affected by congenital adrenal hyperplasia due to 21 OH deficiency. AN  - NCT03760835 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Congenital Adrenal Hyperplasia Once Daily Hydrocortisone Treatment (CareOnTIME) TI  - Congenital Adrenal Hyperplasia: Innovative Once Daily Dual Release Hydrocortisone Treatment
Corticosteroid Treatment for Community-Acquired Pneumonia to Improve Long-term Cognition: A Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial; This is a single-center, blinded, placebo-controlled pilot RCT evaluating corticosteroids for the treatment of Community Acquired Pneumonia (CAP) that will enroll 100 adults hospitalized with community-acquired pneumonia. The primary goal is to assess the feasibility of proposed trial procedures for use in a subsequent phase III trial powered on 6-month cognitive outcome (MOCA-Blind score). Key outcomes are six-month cognitive and functional status, duration and severity of symptoms, and mortality. AN  - NCT04652414 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Corticosteroids in Community Acquired Pneumonia TI  - Corticosteroid Treatment for Community-Acquired Pneumonia to Improve Long-term Cognition: A Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial
A Phase IV Single Blind Placebo-controlled Cross Over Study to Investigate the Efficacy of Greater Occipital Nerve Block With Local Anesthetic and Steroid in Patients With Chronic Migraine; Greater occipital nerve block ("GON block") is carried out extensively in the treatment of chronic migraine, but more research is required to understand the effectiveness of the procedure. It consists of a superficial injection of local anaesthetic and steroid around a nerve at the back of the head that supplies sensation to part of the scalp. This study intends to provide more detailed information on the effectiveness, safety and tolerability of GON block with local anaesthetic and steroid in patients with chronic migraine. It does this by comparing it to a dummy (placebo) procedure (a needle is inserted near the nerve, but no therapeutic substance is injected). It is a "cross-over study": all patients will receive both the GON block and the dummy procedure (not necessarily in that order), with a period in between to assess the response to the first injection. The GON block will entail an injection of 2 mls of 2% lidocaine (a local anaesthetic) and 80 mg of DepoMedrone (a steroid) through a fine needle (a total of 4 mls). The dummy procedure will consist of an injection of 4 mls of normal saline (a solution of common salt and water) through a fine needle. Patients will be followed up at various time points throughout 6 months whilst being enrolled on the study. AN  - NCT04017741 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study Investigating the Efficacy of GON Blocks. TI  - A Phase IV Single Blind Placebo-controlled Cross Over Study to Investigate the Efficacy of Greater Occipital Nerve Block With Local Anesthetic and Steroid in Patients With Chronic Migraine
D-cycloserine for the Treatment of Chronic, Refractory Low Back Pain; The purpose of this study is to evaluate the efficacy and safety of D-cycloserine versus placebo in relieving the signs and symptoms of patients with chronic lower back pain. AN  - NCT03535688 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - D-cycloserine for the Treatment of Chronic, Refractory Low Back Pain TI  - D-cycloserine for the Treatment of Chronic, Refractory Low Back Pain
A Comparison of Exercise Capacity, Arterial Stiffness, and Cognitive Function Between Adults With Cystic Fibrosis and Healthy Individuals; No studies in the literature have investigated the simultaneous effects of cognitive function, exercise capacity and arterial stiffness in adult patients with CF. The study aims to compare the cognitive function, exercise capacity, exercise muscle oxygenation, and arterial stiffness of adult patients with CF and healthy subjects. AN  - NCT06175182 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Assessment of Cognitive Function and Exercise Capacity in Cystic Fibrosis TI  - A Comparison of Exercise Capacity, Arterial Stiffness, and Cognitive Function Between Adults With Cystic Fibrosis and Healthy Individuals
Physical Activity in Bed Rest Hospitalized High-Risk Pregnant Women. A Pilot Study; This pilot study aims to evaluate the impact of a specifically designed exercise program for hospitalized high-risk pregnant individuals on bed rest. The exercise program, focused on resistance and strength training, is adapted for execution while in bed and seeks to address physical and emotional health challenges during hospitalization. The study will compare outcomes between participants who follow the exercise program and those receiving standard care. Primary outcomes include physical and emotional health parameters, quality of life, and sleep quality. Secondary outcomes focus on feasibility, adherence, and participant satisfaction. This research addresses the gap in physical activity guidelines for pregnant individuals on bed rest and explores the potential benefits of exercise to improve maternal well-being and postpartum recovery. AN  - NCT06713083 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Physical Activity in Bed Rest Hospitalized High-Risk Pregnant Women (BedRest) TI  - Physical Activity in Bed Rest Hospitalized High-Risk Pregnant Women. A Pilot Study
The Effects of Thalidomide on Symptom Clusters; The goal of this clinical research study is to learn if thalidomide can improve symptoms such as pain, fatigue,anxiety, poor appetite, depression, and sleep problems in patients with advanced cancer. AN  - NCT00379353 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Effects of Thalidomide on Symptom Clusters TI  - The Effects of Thalidomide on Symptom Clusters
A Randomised Double-Blind Placebo Controlled Cross Over Trial of the Impact on Quality of Life of Continuing Dexamethasone Beyond 24 Hours Following Moderately Emetogenic Chemotherapy; Significance: This study will provide data to evaluate whether the benefits of dexamethasone for delayed nausea and vomiting outweigh potential side effects in patients receiving chemotherapy with a moderate risk of causing nausea and vomiting. This addresses a problem that is important to a majority of patients receiving anticancer chemotherapy. If overall QOL is improved on dexamethasone, then it should be prescribed more frequently, but if QOL is reduced on dexamethasone, and patients prefer the placebo, then its use as an anti-nausea medication for delayed nausea after moderately nauseating chemotherapy should be limited to patients with poor initial control of nausea/vomiting. AN  - NCT00152867 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Dexamethasone Study: Impact on Quality of Life of Continuing Dexamethasone Following Emetogenic Chemotherapy TI  - A Randomised Double-Blind Placebo Controlled Cross Over Trial of the Impact on Quality of Life of Continuing Dexamethasone Beyond 24 Hours Following Moderately Emetogenic Chemotherapy
Crossover Trial of Gluten and Gluten With Amylase-trypsin Inhibitors as Triggers of Gastrointestinal Symptoms in Patients With Irritable Bowel Syndrome; This crossover randomized controlled trial will evaluate the effects of gluten and gluten combined with amylase-trypsin inhibitors (ATIs) on inducing intestinal and extra-intestinal symptoms in irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) patients. All participants will be put on a gluten-free diet and then challenged with muesli bars containing either purified gluten, gluten with ATIs, or nocebo. AN  - NCT03664531 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Dietary Triggers of Gastrointestinal Symptoms in IBS Patients TI  - Crossover Trial of Gluten and Gluten With Amylase-trypsin Inhibitors as Triggers of Gastrointestinal Symptoms in Patients With Irritable Bowel Syndrome
Real-World Outcome of Adalimumab on Rheumatoid Arthritis Patients in China (ROCKI Study); The objective of this study was to assess the effectiveness of adalimumab on health and disability outcomes in participants with rheumatoid arthritis (RA) in China. AN  - NCT02668640 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Real-World Outcome of Adalimumab on Rheumatoid Arthritis Patients in China TI  - Real-World Outcome of Adalimumab on Rheumatoid Arthritis Patients in China (ROCKI Study)
Task-specific Training for Patients With Acute Exacerbation of COPD; Patients with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) experience a progressive deterioration in their quality of life. Task-specific training is a type of approach focused on chronic patients that allows the acquisition of new skills or improvement of lost skills. The overall objective of this project is to evaluate the effectiveness of a task-specific training program during hospitalization of patients with acute exacerbation of COPD. A randomized clinical trial will be conducted in patients hospitalized for COPD. Participants after signing informed consent will be randomized between the control group (standard treatment) and the intervention group (task-specific training program in addition to standard treatment). The task-specific training program is a multidisciplinary program divided into three blocks where specific tasks will be performed on symptom education, education of activities of daily living and improvement of physical capacity with the aim of reinforcing skills necessary for the self-management of COPD patients in the short, medium and long term. AN  - NCT06224075 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Task-specific Training for Patients With Acute Exacerbation of COPD (COPD) TI  - Task-specific Training for Patients With Acute Exacerbation of COPD
Predicting and Monitoring Outcomes in Autoimmune Encephalitis; This study aims to find ways of predicting and monitoring which people with AE are at greatest risk of these outcomes, so we can better direct them towards appropriate treatments. We will collect clinical information and samples of blood and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF, fluid surrounding the brain and spinal cord) from people with AE and 'control' participants with other neurological illnesses. Samples will be analysed for markers which may help predict or correlate with outcomes in AE and better understand this condition. AN  - NCT05711563 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Predicting and Monitoring Outcomes in Autoimmune Encephalitis (POTA) TI  - Predicting and Monitoring Outcomes in Autoimmune Encephalitis
Gut-Brain-Axis/Lung-Brain-Axis and Mental Ill Health in Critical Illness; This knowledge will provide the potential to create interventions that alter the gut environment and microbiome both during and following a critical illness in order to reduce long-term adverse psychological effects. Examples of such potential interventions include dietary modifications with the use of prebiotics or probiotics. AN  - NCT05580367 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Gut-Brain-Axis/Lung-Brain-Axis and Mental Ill Health in Critical Illness TI  - Gut-Brain-Axis/Lung-Brain-Axis and Mental Ill Health in Critical Illness
Veterans Affairs Seamless Phase II/III Randomized Trial of STAndard Systemic theRapy With or Without PET-directed Local Therapy for OligoRecurrenT Prostate Cancer (VA STARPORT); This is a prospective, open-label, multi-center seamless phase II to phase III randomized clinical trial designed to compare SST with or without PET-directed local therapy in improving the castration-resistant prostate cancer-free survival (CRPC-free survival) for Veterans with oligometastatic prostate cancer. Oligometastasis will be defined as 1-10 sites of metastatic disease based on the clinical determination of the LSI which incorporates all imaging, clinical, and pathologic data available. AN  - NCT04787744 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Veterans Affairs Seamless Phase II/III Randomized Trial of STAndard Systemic theRapy With or Without PET-directed Local Therapy for Oligometastatic pRosTate Cancer (VA STARPORT) TI  - Veterans Affairs Seamless Phase II/III Randomized Trial of STAndard Systemic theRapy With or Without PET-directed Local Therapy for OligoRecurrenT Prostate Cancer (VA STARPORT)
Mindfulness Based Couples Therapy for Breast Cancer Survivors: A Pilot Study; The goal of this study is to explore the effects of a Mindfulness Based Couples Intervention on relationship satisfaction with quality of life and immune system function among breast cancer survivors and their partners. AN  - NCT02349217 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Mindfulness Based Couples Therapy TI  - Mindfulness Based Couples Therapy for Breast Cancer Survivors: A Pilot Study
Study of the Adherence to Chest Physiotherapy in Patients With Cystic Fibrosis (CF) at the Adult CF Center in Lyon; - Feeling of physiotherapy burden AN  - NCT04217889 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Cystic Fibrosis Adherence Study (KINOBS) TI  - Study of the Adherence to Chest Physiotherapy in Patients With Cystic Fibrosis (CF) at the Adult CF Center in Lyon
A Phase III Extension Study of Efficacy, Safety and Tolerability of Chronocort® in the Treatment of Congenital Adrenal Hyperplasia; Subjects completing study DIUR-005 and those who have already completed study DIUR-003 will be offered the opportunity either to continue Chronocort® therapy or to switch from their current glucocorticoid therapy to Chronocort® in this open-label study. AN  - NCT03062280 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study of the Efficacy, Safety and Tolerability of Chronocort in Treating CAH TI  - A Phase III Extension Study of Efficacy, Safety and Tolerability of Chronocort® in the Treatment of Congenital Adrenal Hyperplasia
A Phase II, Single Arm, Multicenter Trial to Determine the Efficacy and Safety of CTL019 in Pediatric Patients With Relapsed and Refractory B-cell Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia; This is a single arm, open-label, multi-center, phase II study to determine the efficacy and safety of CTL019 in pediatric patients with r/r B-cell ALL. AN  - NCT02435849 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study of Efficacy and Safety of CTL019 in Pediatric ALL Patients (ELIANA) TI  - A Phase II, Single Arm, Multicenter Trial to Determine the Efficacy and Safety of CTL019 in Pediatric Patients With Relapsed and Refractory B-cell Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia
When to INDuce for OverWeight? - a Randomised Controlled Trial (WINDOW); The rate of overweight and obese women becoming pregnant is increasing. Obesity in pregnancy along with delivery by cesarean section in obese women is associated with several complications as compared to normal weight women. The longer the woman is pregnant, the longer she is at risk. In an otherwise low-risk pregnant woman at term, it is an ongoing clinical dilemma, whether the benefits of elective induction of labor and termination of the pregnancy will outweigh the potential harms from concomitant induction and delivery process. The proposed study is a randomized controlled study of elective induction versus expectant management in obese women. The study will be carried out as a national multicenter study with inclusion of 1900 participants from Danish delivery wards. The null hypothesis is that the caesarean section rate is similar with elective induction of labor at 39 weeks of gestation, compared with expectant management among pregnant women with pre- or early pregnancy BMI≥30. AN  - NCT04603859 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - When to INDuce for OverWeight? (WINDOW) (WINDOW) TI  - When to INDuce for OverWeight? - a Randomised Controlled Trial (WINDOW)
Does Intensive Life Style Intervention Reduce the Need for Glucose Lowering Medications in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes? The U-TURN Project; This study evaluates the effect of a lifestyle intervention maintenance of glycemic control while reducing glucose lowering drugs in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. The intervention group receives an intensive lifestyle intervention including exercise and diet lifestyle modifications. The reference group receives diabetes educational advice. Both groups will have their pharmacological treatment regulated across the study. The primary hypothesis is that lifestyle change is sufficient to maintain glycemic control while decreasing the anti-diabetic medication in a sample patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. AN  - NCT02417012 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Lifestyle and Glucose Lowering Medication in T2DM TI  - Does Intensive Life Style Intervention Reduce the Need for Glucose Lowering Medications in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes? The U-TURN Project
A Phase 3, Multicenter, Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled, Parallel-group, Outpatient Study Evaluating the Pharmacokinetics, Efficacy, and Safety of Baricitinib in Pediatric Patients With Moderate to Severe Atopic Dermatitis; The reason for this study is to see if the study drug called baricitinib works and is safe in children and teenage participants with atopic dermatitis. AN  - NCT03952559 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study of Baricitinib (LY3009104) in Children and Adolescents With Atopic Dermatitis (BREEZE-AD-PEDS) TI  - A Phase 3, Multicenter, Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled, Parallel-group, Outpatient Study Evaluating the Pharmacokinetics, Efficacy, and Safety of Baricitinib in Pediatric Patients With Moderate to Severe Atopic Dermatitis
An Initial Clinical Study to Treat Postictal Symptoms; This study will evaluate the effect of ibuprofen or nifedipine on post-seizure hypoperfusion and neurological deficits in patients with epilepsy. One group will receive ibuprofen, another will receive nifedipine, and anther placebo. AN  - NCT03949478 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Treating Postictal Symptoms Using Ibuprofen and Nifedipine TI  - An Initial Clinical Study to Treat Postictal Symptoms
"Super Rehab": A Novel Approach to Reverse Atrial Fibrillation (a Randomised Controlled Trial); As the main driver behind the selection of a rhythm-control strategy for patients with AF, the primary outcome will be an improvement in AF-related symptoms with Super Rehab versus Usual Care only. Key secondary outcomes will include the burden of AF, change in stroke risk, biochemical and cardiac functional and structural changes, and markers of quality-of-life and health economic costs. AN  - NCT05596175 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Super-Rehab: a Novel Approach to Reverse Atrial Fibrillation (SuRe-AF) TI  - "Super Rehab": A Novel Approach to Reverse Atrial Fibrillation (a Randomised Controlled Trial)
A Single-centre, Randomised, Double-blind, Placebo Controlled Phase I Study in Two Parts: Part A to Assess a Safe and Tolerable Supratherapeutic Dose of TC-5214 After Single Ascending Oral Doses in Healthy Male Subjects, Followed by Part B: A Four-period Double-dummy Crossover Study to Investigate the Effect of 2 Single Doses (Therapeutic and Supratherapeutic) of TC-5214 on the QT/QTc Interval, Compared to Placebo, Using Moxifloxacin (Avelox®) as a Positive Control, in Healthy Male Subjects; This is a two part study. Part A will determine the maximum tolerated dose of TC-5214 administered to healthy male subjects in single ascending oral doses. This part of the study will define the highest dose of TC-5214 to be administered in Part B. Part B of this study will investigate the effect of TC-5214 on the electrical activity of the heart following single oral administration. The study will be carried out healthy male subjects in a four period crossover study with TC-5214 compared to placebo and oral moxifloxacin as a positive control. The safety, tolerability and pharmacokinetics of TC-5214 will also be evaluated. AN  - NCT01359618 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Determining Highest Dose Administration of TC-5214 and Evaluating Effect on the Electrical Activity in the Heart TI  - A Single-centre, Randomised, Double-blind, Placebo Controlled Phase I Study in Two Parts: Part A to Assess a Safe and Tolerable Supratherapeutic Dose of TC-5214 After Single Ascending Oral Doses in Healthy Male Subjects, Followed by Part B: A Four-period Double-dummy Crossover Study to Investigate the Effect of 2 Single Doses (Therapeutic and Supratherapeutic) of TC-5214 on the QT/QTc Interval, Compared to Placebo, Using Moxifloxacin (Avelox®) as a Positive Control, in Healthy Male Subjects
Prednisolone Administration in Patients With Unexplained REcurrent MIscarriages, PREMI Trial; Results of the study will be implemented in (inter) national guidelines, to effect everyday practice. AN  - NCT05725512 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Prednisolone Administration in Patients With Unexplained REcurrent MIscarriages (PREMI) TI  - Prednisolone Administration in Patients With Unexplained REcurrent MIscarriages, PREMI Trial
Phase 3, Randomized, Double Blind, Placebo Controlled Study Of The Safety And Efficacy Of 2 Doses Of CP 690,550 In Patients With Active Rheumatoid Arthritis On Background DMARDS; This Phase 3 study is intended to provide evidence that CP-690,550 dosed 5 mg BID and 10 mg BID is safe and effective when used in combination with a variety of traditional disease modifying antirheumatic drugs in adult patients with rheumatoid arthritis. It is intended to confirm the benefits of CP-690,550 in improving signs and symptoms and physical function that were observed in the Phase 2 rheumatoid arthritis studies. AN  - NCT00856544 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study Comparing 2 Doses Of CP-690,550 Vs. Placebo For The Treatment Of Rheumatoid Arthritis In Patients On Other Background Arthritis Medications TI  - Phase 3, Randomized, Double Blind, Placebo Controlled Study Of The Safety And Efficacy Of 2 Doses Of CP 690,550 In Patients With Active Rheumatoid Arthritis On Background DMARDS
A Randomised Prospective Open Label Pilot Trial Comparing Mycophenolate Mofetil (MMF) With no Immunosuppression in Adults With Limited Cutaneous Systemic Sclerosis; The MINIMISE-Pilot trial would be an important first step to evaluate the risk and potential benefit to this disease group. MMF as the intervention of choice is both appropriate and timely, as it has been routinely used in the management of dcSSc. The aim of this pilot trial is to explore whether the immunosuppressive agent MMF can slow down disease progression in patients with lcSSc compared to the current standard of care alone. This pilot trial will also provide critical information for the development of a future large trial that could potentially transform lcSSc patient management. AN  - NCT04927390 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Mycophenolate in Limited Cutaneous Systemic Sclerosis (MINIMISE-Pilot) (MINIMISE) TI  - A Randomised Prospective Open Label Pilot Trial Comparing Mycophenolate Mofetil (MMF) With no Immunosuppression in Adults With Limited Cutaneous Systemic Sclerosis
Efficacy and Mode of Action of Mesalazine in the Treatment of Diarrhoea-predominant Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS-D).; The investigators will therefore evaluate symptoms (primarily bowel frequency) and markers reflecting mast cell activation and small bowel tone. AN  - NCT01316718 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Mesalazine for the Treatment of Diarrhoea-predominant Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS-D) (MIBS) TI  - Efficacy and Mode of Action of Mesalazine in the Treatment of Diarrhoea-predominant Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS-D).
A Randomized Two Period Two-Way Crossover Study To Evaluate Patient Preference, Satisfaction And Efficacy Of A Nasal Aerosol Versus An Aqueous Nasal Spray Used For The Treatment Of Allergic Rhinitis; This is a randomized, multicenter, 2-way crossover study in subjects 12 years or older with perennial allergic rhinitis (PAR) to evaluate patient preference, satisfaction and efficacy of ciclesonide nasal aerosol versus mometasone aqueous nasal spray. A novel patient-administered assessment, developed and validated to measure patient satisfaction with and preference of intranasal corticosteroids (INCS) for the treatment of allergic rhinitis (AR), is utilized in this study. AN  - NCT01401465 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study To Evaluate Patient Preference, Satisfaction And Efficacy Of a Nasal Aerosol Versus an Aqueous Nasal Spray TI  - A Randomized Two Period Two-Way Crossover Study To Evaluate Patient Preference, Satisfaction And Efficacy Of A Nasal Aerosol Versus An Aqueous Nasal Spray Used For The Treatment Of Allergic Rhinitis
Healthy Lifestyle Intervention in Patients With Systemic Lupus Erythematosus With High Cardiovascular Risk: The Living Well With Lupus Study; This research program aims to investigate the clinical, physiological, metabolic and molecular effects of lifestyle change in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus with high cardiovascular risk. This 6-month parallel-group randomized controlled trial aims to investigate the feasibility and efficacy of a newly developed lifestyle change intervention - through recommendations for structured and unstructured physical activity and healthy eating - on increasing physical activity level and improving eating habits. Potential effects of the intervention on cardiovascular and cardiometabolic risk factors, health-related quality of life, symptoms of anxiety and depression, sleep quality and immune function will be investigated. Gold-standard techniques and a variety of analyses will be performed to access the potential mechanisms involved in response to this intervention. AN  - NCT04431167 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Healthy Lifestyle Intervention in Patients With Systemic Lupus Erythematosus: The Living Well With Lupus Study TI  - Healthy Lifestyle Intervention in Patients With Systemic Lupus Erythematosus With High Cardiovascular Risk: The Living Well With Lupus Study
Trauma-sensitive Yoga for Female Veterans With PTSD Who Experienced Military Sexual Trauma; In this study, we are evaluating the effectiveness of a yoga intervention to treat posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD), its associated symptoms of chronic pain and insomnia, and biological and physiological responses to trauma and PTSD in women Veterans who experienced military sexual trauma (MST). If effective, this yoga intervention could reduce PTSD symptoms and chronic pain, improve sleep quality, and decrease the body's automatic "fight or flight" stress response and the damage this stress response causes in the body, including heart disease and diabetes. This intervention could improve these women Veterans' quality of life and social functioning, for example, going to work and having satisfying relationships with family and friends. This study may support an innovative, complementary and alternative PTSD treatment for women Veterans who experienced MST. This new, evidence-based PTSD treatment could supplement current PTSD treatments. Clinical guidelines for this yoga intervention could be implemented nationally in the VA health care system. AN  - NCT02640690 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Trauma-Sensitive Yoga for Female Veterans With PTSD Who Experienced Military Sexual Trauma (PSLII) TI  - Trauma-sensitive Yoga for Female Veterans With PTSD Who Experienced Military Sexual Trauma
A 24-week Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Fluticasone Furoate/Vilanterol Inhalation Powder Delivered Once Daily Via a Dry Powder Inhaler Compared With Placebo in Subjects of Asian Ancestry With Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease; The purpose of the study is to investigate the efficacy and safety of fluticasone furoate/vilanterol Inhalation Powder compared with placebo over a 24 weeks treatment period in subjects of Asian ancestry with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD). AN  - NCT01376245 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A 24-week Study of Fluticasone Furoate/Vilanterol Inhalation Powder in Subjects of Asian Ancestry With COPD TI  - A 24-week Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Fluticasone Furoate/Vilanterol Inhalation Powder Delivered Once Daily Via a Dry Powder Inhaler Compared With Placebo in Subjects of Asian Ancestry With Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease
Erenumab as a Therapeutic Approach for the Management of Trigeminal Neuropathic Pain (TNP); A total of 40 patients (20 each arm) aged 18-65 years old of either sex, and any race or ethnicity, presenting trigeminal neuropathic pain will be randomly assigned in a 1:1 parallel, double-blind clinical trial, to receive either Erenumab or placebo. Participants will attend 6 clinic visits (Visit 0-Visit 5) over a period of 21 weeks. Changes in pain intensity and other pain related outcomes of trigeminal neuropathic pain will be assessed. Blood samples will be collected, and participants will need to keep a daily symptom diary and answer some other questionnaires. AN  - NCT05142228 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Erenumab-aooe for the Management of Trigeminal Neuropathic Pain. TI  - Erenumab as a Therapeutic Approach for the Management of Trigeminal Neuropathic Pain (TNP)
A Randomized Clinical Trial of Transcatheter Edge-to-edge Repair for Mitral Regurgitation Under Fully Echocardiographic Guidance Compared with Under Combined Guidance of Both Echocardiography and Fluoroscopy (ECHO-CLIP Study); Mitral regurgitation (MR) is a common valvular heart disease in the elderly population, frequently associated with poor prognosis if not treated. Transcatheter edge-to-edge repair (TEER) has recently emerged as a popular strategy due to minimal invasiveness. What's more, previous studies, such as EVEREST II and COAPT study, have demonstrated its efficacy in high-risk patients with primary or secondary MR. Conventional TEER procedure, however, is performed under combined guidance of both echocardiography and fluoroscopy, which potentially results in high radiation exposure and limits its application. Since 2021 2021, the investigators have changed the procedural methodology by performing TEER under full echocardiographic guidance on accumulated dozens of MR patients successfully. To confirm the efficacy of a fully echo-guided TEER procedure, the investigators conduct the ECHO-CLIP study to compare its outcomes with the conventional TEER procedure, as well as evaluate the outcomes of this novel methodology in special populations with radiation contraindications. ECHO-CLIP study is a prospective, multicenter, open-label, noninferior, randomized controlled trial of TEER by two different methodological strategies in treating severe primary or secondary MR. It is anticipated to enroll a total of 200 patients as well to complete the enrollment before Dec 31, 2025 and the follow-up before Dec 31, 2026. This work will potentially demonstrate the feasibility and efficacy of the fully echo-guided TEER procedure, thereby revolutionizing the TEER methodology and benefiting more patients. AN  - NCT06684171 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Comparison of Transcatheter Edge-to-edge Repair Using Echo Only with Echo Combined with X Ray for Mitral Regurgitation (ECHO-CLIP) TI  - A Randomized Clinical Trial of Transcatheter Edge-to-edge Repair for Mitral Regurgitation Under Fully Echocardiographic Guidance Compared with Under Combined Guidance of Both Echocardiography and Fluoroscopy (ECHO-CLIP Study)
A Phase 3 Randomized Study Comparing JNJ-68284528, a Chimeric Antigen Receptor T Cell (CAR-T) Therapy Directed Against BCMA, Versus Pomalidomide, Bortezomib and Dexamethasone (PVd) or Daratumumab, Pomalidomide and Dexamethasone (DPd) in Subjects With Relapsed and Lenalidomide-Refractory Multiple Myeloma; The purpose of this study is to compare the efficacy of JNJ-68284528 (ciltacabtagene autoleucel [cilta-cel]) with standard therapy, either Pomalidomide, Bortezomib and Dexamethasone (PVd) or Daratumumab, Pomalidomide and Dexamethasone (DPd). AN  - NCT04181827 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study Comparing JNJ-68284528, a CAR-T Therapy Directed Against B-cell Maturation Antigen (BCMA), Versus Pomalidomide, Bortezomib and Dexamethasone (PVd) or Daratumumab, Pomalidomide and Dexamethasone (DPd) in Participants With Relapsed and Lenalidomide-Refractory Multiple Myeloma (CARTITUDE-4) TI  - A Phase 3 Randomized Study Comparing JNJ-68284528, a Chimeric Antigen Receptor T Cell (CAR-T) Therapy Directed Against BCMA, Versus Pomalidomide, Bortezomib and Dexamethasone (PVd) or Daratumumab, Pomalidomide and Dexamethasone (DPd) in Subjects With Relapsed and Lenalidomide-Refractory Multiple Myeloma
Oral Probiotic Supplementation in Pregnancy to Reduce Group B Streptococcus Colonization; This is a double-blind randomized placebo controlled trial that will investigate whether the use of three specific species of probiotics taken orally in pregnancy from 25 weeks gestation will reduce the incidence of Group B Streptococcus (GBS) colonization. Participants will take 2 capsules and 1 lozenge per day of either probiotic or placebo from 25 weeks gestation. The primary outcome will be the study-specific vaginal/rectal swab collected after 35 weeks gestation and before delivery. A reduction in women testing positive for GBS would lead to a decrease risk to infants of GBS infection and a reduction in the use of antibiotics leading to less maternal and neonatal antibiotic exposure. AN  - NCT03407157 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Oral Probiotic Supplementation in Pregnancy to Reduce Group B Streptococcus Colonization (OPSiP) TI  - Oral Probiotic Supplementation in Pregnancy to Reduce Group B Streptococcus Colonization
A Randomized Phase III Trial Assessing the Benefit of the Addition of Isatuximab to Lenalidomide / Bortezomib / Dexamethasone (RVd) Induction and Lenalidomide Maintenance in Patients With Newly Diagnosed Multiple Myeloma; Trial in patients with newly diagnosed myeloma to evaluate the effect of isatuximab in induction therapy with lenalidomide/bortezomib/dexamethasone (RVd) and in lenalidomide maintenance treatment AN  - NCT03617731 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Trial on the Effect of Isatuximab to Lenalidomide/Bortezomib/Dexamethasone (RVd) Induction and Lenalidomide Maintenance in Patients With Newly Diagnosed Myeloma (GMMG HD7) TI  - A Randomized Phase III Trial Assessing the Benefit of the Addition of Isatuximab to Lenalidomide / Bortezomib / Dexamethasone (RVd) Induction and Lenalidomide Maintenance in Patients With Newly Diagnosed Multiple Myeloma
Assessment of Clinical Effectiveness and Safety of Adalimumab and High Dose Methotrexate in Routine Clinical Practice (Combo Study; Adalimumab With High Dose MTX); This was a single-arm, multicenter, open label, prospective cohort study (post-marketing observational study) to determine the effectiveness and safety of adalimumab in combination with high-dose methotrexate (≥12 mg/week) in participants with rheumatoid arthritis in a routine clinical setting in Japan. AN  - NCT01736189 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Assessment of Clinical Effectiveness and Safety of Adalimumab and High Dose Methotrexate in Routine Clinical Practice TI  - Assessment of Clinical Effectiveness and Safety of Adalimumab and High Dose Methotrexate in Routine Clinical Practice (Combo Study; Adalimumab With High Dose MTX)
A Phase 3 Randomized Study Comparing Teclistamab in Combination With Daratumumab SC (Tec-Dara) Versus Daratumumab SC, Pomalidomide, and Dexamethasone (DPd) or Daratumumab SC, Bortezomib, and Dexamethasone (DVd) in Participants With Relapsed or Refractory Multiple Myeloma; The purpose of this study is to compare the efficacy of teclistamab daratumumab (Tec-Dara) with daratumumab subcutaneously (SC) in combination with pomalidomide and dexamethasone (DPd) or daratumumab SC in combination with bortezomib and dexamethasone (DVd). AN  - NCT05083169 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study of Teclistamab in Combination With Daratumumab Subcutaneously (SC) (Tec-Dara) Versus Daratumumab SC, Pomalidomide, and Dexamethasone (DPd) or Daratumumab SC, Bortezomib, and Dexamethasone (DVd) in Participants With Relapsed or Refractory Multiple Myeloma (MajesTEC-3) TI  - A Phase 3 Randomized Study Comparing Teclistamab in Combination With Daratumumab SC (Tec-Dara) Versus Daratumumab SC, Pomalidomide, and Dexamethasone (DPd) or Daratumumab SC, Bortezomib, and Dexamethasone (DVd) in Participants With Relapsed or Refractory Multiple Myeloma
Efficacy and Safety of Methylprednisolone Versus Dexamethasone in Caudal Block for Children Undergoing Hypospadias Surgical Repair: A Bi-center Randomized Controlled Study; This randomized, double-blind, controlled bi-center study was designed to compare the postoperative analgesic efficacy of dexamethasone and methylprednisolone in caudal block for children undergoing hypospadias surgical repair using the duration of analgesia as the primary outcome. We hypothesize that methylprednisolone will provide superior postoperative analgesia than dexamethasone when added to bupivacaine for caudal block. This study will be conducted on 80 male patients of American Society of Anesthesiologists physical status I-II of with their age ranging from 1 to 6 years scheduled for surgical repair of hypospadias. The patients will be randomly assigned into 2 groups:- Group D: will receive 0.5 ml/kg volume (bupivacaine 0.25 % + dexamethasone 0.1mg/kg) Group M: will receive 0.5 ml/kg volume (bupivacaine 0.25% + methylprednisolone 0.5mg/kg) The main collected data will be the duration of analgesia (first need for rescue analgesia ), the severity of postoperative pain according to FLACC and the side effects like nausea and vomiting, respiratory depression. AN  - NCT05717374 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Methylprednisolone Versus Dexamethasone in Pediatric Caudal Block TI  - Efficacy and Safety of Methylprednisolone Versus Dexamethasone in Caudal Block for Children Undergoing Hypospadias Surgical Repair: A Bi-center Randomized Controlled Study
Developing a Positive Psychology Intervention to Promote Health Behaviors in Heart Failure: Qualitative Research Phase; The purpose of the study is to understand how positive emotions (e.g., optimism, happiness) are associated with health behavior adherence in patients with heart failure (HF), as well as whether performing exercises to improve positive emotions may help to improve health behavior adherence as well. AN  - NCT02737761 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Researching Emotions And Cardiac Health (REACH) TI  - Developing a Positive Psychology Intervention to Promote Health Behaviors in Heart Failure: Qualitative Research Phase
Changes in Plasma Cortisol, Brain-derived Neurotrophic Factor, and Nitrites in Patients With Acute Ischemic Stroke; Acute ischemic stroke (AIS) represents an economical challenge for health systems all over the globe. Despite increasing knowledge of the pathophysiology of AIS, there is no satisfactory treatment to revert the resulting brain damage. Changes of neuroactive steroids have been found in different neurological diseases. In this regard, the investigators have previously demonstrated that old patients with AIS show changes of plasma cortisol and estradiol concentrations, in that increased steroid levels are associated with a deterioration of neurological status and a worse cognitive decline. The present study assessed in patients with AIS if changes of behavior, brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) and nitrites (NO-2) (nitric oxide soluble metabolite) bear a relationship with the degree of hypercortisolism. To this purpose, the investigators recruited patients hospitalized at the Central Military Hospital emergency room within the first 24 hours of AIS. Subjects were divided into two groups, each one composed of 40 control subjects and 40 AIS patients, including men and women. The neurological condition was assessed using the NIHSS and the cognitive status with the Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA test). The emotional status was evaluated using the Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS), whereas the Modified Rankin Scale (MRS) was used to determine the functional condition. BDNF and NO-2 plasma levels were measured by ELISA and the Griess reaction method, respectively. AN  - NCT03242304 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Neuroactive Steroids in Acute Ischemic Stroke (Cortisol) TI  - Changes in Plasma Cortisol, Brain-derived Neurotrophic Factor, and Nitrites in Patients With Acute Ischemic Stroke
The Kinetics of Autophagy During Periodic Fasting in Healthy People and Patients With Rheumatoid Arthritis or Metabolic Syndrome - an Exploratory Clinical Study; Autophagy is considered one of the key molecular mechanisms for the broad preventive and therapeutic effects of periodic fasting. While it is generally known that fasting induces autophagy, there are no human studies that focus on the size and temporal kinetics of autophagy and its association with fasting specific signaling pathways. The kinetics of autophagy in patients with chronic diseases will now be compared with the kinetics of autophagy in healthy subjects, who both fast according to the same scheme; and further changes in metabolic and inflammatory parameters will be investigated. AN  - NCT04739852 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - An Exploratory Clinical Study on Autophagy During Fasting TI  - The Kinetics of Autophagy During Periodic Fasting in Healthy People and Patients With Rheumatoid Arthritis or Metabolic Syndrome - an Exploratory Clinical Study
A Phase 3, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Study of Maintenance Pemetrexed Plus Best Supportive Care Versus Best Supportive Care Immediately Following Induction Treatment With Pemetrexed + Cisplatin for Advanced Non-squamous Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer.; This study will compare progression-free survival in patients with advanced non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer. Patients who do not progress following 4 cycles of induction treatment with pemetrexed and cisplatin will be randomized 2:1 to receive either maintenance pemetrexed or placebo. AN  - NCT00789373 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study of Induction and Maintenance Treatment of Advanced Non-squamous Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer TI  - A Phase 3, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Study of Maintenance Pemetrexed Plus Best Supportive Care Versus Best Supportive Care Immediately Following Induction Treatment With Pemetrexed + Cisplatin for Advanced Non-squamous Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer.
Shared Decision Making and Patient Engagement Program During AECOPD Hospitalization; Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is a leading cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide. Patients require good communication with the physician to improve control illness. Shared decision making is a promising opportunity for chronic disease management due to the relative cost, medicine optimization and decreases hospital admissions/re-admissions AN  - NCT03772639 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Shared Decision Making in Hospitalized AECOPD TI  - Shared Decision Making and Patient Engagement Program During AECOPD Hospitalization
Effect of Acupuncture in Patients With Stable Angina Pectoris: an Open Label, Randomized, Controlled,Multi-center Clinical Study; This trail aims to evaluate the efficacy of acupoints on the specific meridian for chronic stable angina pectoris, compared with acupoints on the other meridian, sham acupoints and waiting-list. And to confirm the specificity of acupoints on meridian. AN  - NCT01686230 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Acupuncture in Patients With Stable Angina Pectoris (ASAP) TI  - Effect of Acupuncture in Patients With Stable Angina Pectoris: an Open Label, Randomized, Controlled,Multi-center Clinical Study
Phase II: Physiological Effects of Nutritional Support in Patients With Parkinson's Disease; The overall goal of this study will be to further our understanding of how N Acetyl Cysteine (NAC) can help to support dopaminergic function in patients with Parkinson's disease (PD). We plan to use pre and post Positron emission tomography magnetic resonance imaging (PET-MRI) with [F-18] Fluorodopa (FDOPA) to measure dopamine function, and neurological measures to assess clinical symptoms, in patients with PD who are given oral capsules plus IV infusions of NAC in addition to standard of care for PD for 6 ±3 months in an open label cross over design. Serum measures of NAC concentrations, magnetic resonance spectroscopy (MRS) to measure inflammatory and oxidative stress markers, may be conducted. AN  - NCT04459052 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - FDOPA PET and Nutritional Support in Parkinson's Disease (FdopaPD2) TI  - Phase II: Physiological Effects of Nutritional Support in Patients With Parkinson's Disease
Pilot Study Evaluating the Feasibility and Potential Benefits of a Novel Approach of COPD Self-management That Includes a Phone Assessment/Reporting System (Tele-system); To evaluate the safety of this approach; this is in terms of the delay in starting prednisone and an unfavourable outcome (ER visits and/or hospitalization). AN  - NCT02275078 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Innovations in Treating COPD Exacerbations: Pilot Project on Action Plans Using New Technology. TI  - Pilot Study Evaluating the Feasibility and Potential Benefits of a Novel Approach of COPD Self-management That Includes a Phone Assessment/Reporting System (Tele-system)
Role Of Sensitivity to neuroEndocrine Systems in Social Decisions; This study has two components. First, there will be an online session that participants complete to consent into the study, complete self-report surveys and a cognitive assessment, and confirm their eligibility for the second part of the study. If eligible to continue, participants will complete one in-person experiment session, during which they will complete self-report measures and a decision-making task. During the in-person session, participants will be randomly assigned (like flipping a coin) to ingest either a placebo (non-active) or the combination of hydrocortisone and yohimbine. AN  - NCT06018727 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Role Of Sensitivity to neuroEndocrine Systems in Social Decisions (ROSES) TI  - Role Of Sensitivity to neuroEndocrine Systems in Social Decisions
Opioid-Sparing Protocol Using for Postoperative Pain Management Comparing With Opioid-based Patient Control Analgesia After Simultaneous Bilateral Total Knee Arthroplasty: a Randomized Controlled Trial; The concern for the opioid use in the total knee arthroplasty continues to rise in recent decades. Historically, the total knee arthroplasty consumed high doses opioids in the postoperative periods. Compared to the Opioid-Based patient controlled analgesia(PCA), the opioid-sparing protocol may have benefits to decrease the concerns of the opioid use and opioid-related complication and provides the equivalent efficacy for pain control. The purpose of this trial in to provide a novel opioid-sparing protocol (OSP) to evaluate the efficacy for pain control and reducing the immediate postoperative opioid consumption. AN  - NCT04314505 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Opioid-Sparing Protocol Comparing With Opioid-based Protocol After Bilateral Total Knee Arthroplasty TI  - Opioid-Sparing Protocol Using for Postoperative Pain Management Comparing With Opioid-based Patient Control Analgesia After Simultaneous Bilateral Total Knee Arthroplasty: a Randomized Controlled Trial
Mechanisms of COPD Exacerbation Recurrence; To our knowledge, no previous study has fully investigated both the social and clinical risk factors associated with these types of patients. The investigators want to prospectively and comprehensively explore the possible causes, whether clinical or social factors, that cause rehospitalisation. The investigators will be collecting demographic and clinical information including daily physical activity level, lung function, blood and sputum samples. These measurements will be collected at patient admission, discharge and at follow-up of 30 and 90 days. This process could lead to a better understanding of the reasons which prevent early hospital readmission for those patients. AN  - NCT04024735 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Mechanisms of COPD Exacerbation Recurrence TI  - Mechanisms of COPD Exacerbation Recurrence
Platysma Trial - a Randomized Controlled Trial of Platysma Suturing Versus no Sutures for Wound Closure After Primary Thyroid Surgery; Influence of the platysma suture on postoperative pain and wound healing. AN  - NCT02951000 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Platysma Trial - Platysma Suturing Versus no Sutures for Wound Closure After Primary Thyroid Surgery (Platysma) TI  - Platysma Trial - a Randomized Controlled Trial of Platysma Suturing Versus no Sutures for Wound Closure After Primary Thyroid Surgery
A Multicenter, Phase 3, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Study Evaluating the Efficacy and Safety of Bimekizumab in the Treatment of Subjects With Active Psoriatic Arthritis; This is a study to demonstrate the clinical efficacy, safety and tolerability of bimekizumab administered subcutaneously (sc) compared with placebo in the treatment of tumor necrosis factor alpha-inadequate responders (TNFα-IR) subjects with active Psoriatic Arthritis (PsA). AN  - NCT03896581 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Bimekizumab in the Treatment of Subjects With Active Psoriatic Arthritis (BE COMPLETE) TI  - A Multicenter, Phase 3, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Study Evaluating the Efficacy and Safety of Bimekizumab in the Treatment of Subjects With Active Psoriatic Arthritis
Association of Health Outcomes With Severity of OSA Symptomatology- a Correlation Study.; The purpose of this study is to investigate the correlation between health outcomes associated with the severity of obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) symptomatology, the findings will guide the design of interventional studies. AN  - NCT01481636 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Assessing the Symptoms of Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA) TI  - Association of Health Outcomes With Severity of OSA Symptomatology- a Correlation Study.
Prevention of Exacerbations in Patients With COPD Through Vitamin D Supplementation: a Randomized Controlled Trial; Vitamin D has an immunomodulatory role. the aim of the present study is to assess the effect of vitamin D supplementation on exacerbation rate of COPD patient with a vitamin D deficiency. AN  - NCT02122627 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Vitamin D Supplementation in Patients With COPD (PRECOVID) TI  - Prevention of Exacerbations in Patients With COPD Through Vitamin D Supplementation: a Randomized Controlled Trial
Understanding the Impact of Radical Changes in Diet and the Microbiome on Brain Function and Structure: the EMBRACE Study; Emerging evidence suggests that dietary and metabolic interventions could potentially target prevention and supportive therapies as well as treatments that may slow the clinical deterioration of neurodegenerative disorders. Though certain dietary patterns can impair specific cognitive domains, e.g., declines in reasoning and global cognition, there is still no consensus on the optimal diet to maintain brain health. Studies have also shown an association between the gut microbiome and neurocognition, as the microbiota can affect neuronal function through neurotransmitters and neuroactive microbial metabolites. Furthermore, studies indicate that diet may strongly influence the gut microbiota. However, the mechanisms for these complex relationships are still poorly understood. Bariatric procedures [i.e., weight loss surgeries] create a unique environment, in which a fast change in gut microbiota composition and dietary patterns occurs through surgery-induced intestinal and metabolic modifications, leading to changes in gut-brain communication. Interestingly, improvements in neurocognitive domains including memory and executive function have been reported post-bariatric surgery. However, there is large variability in these outcomes, indicating that the benefits are not universal. The goal of the current study is to explore the associations between dietary patterns and gut microbiota with cognition and brain structure, using bariatric surgery as an efficient naturalistic experimental design. This project will also explore potential mediators of diet-microbiome alterations as they relate to improvements in brain function and structure. A total of 120 adult patients (> 30y yrs.) scheduled to undergo a first bariatric surgery along with 60 age-, sex-, and BMI-matched waitlist control group will be recruited from the bariatric surgery clinic at the CIUSSS du Nord-de-l'Île-de-Montréal. These individuals will undergo assessments 3 months before surgery, as well as 6- and 12-months post-surgery, or an equivalent time for those on the waitlist. This study will also include 60 age-and sex-matched individuals who are not eligible for bariatric surgery as an additional healthy Canadian comparison group (only one assessment time point). Assessments taken during the data collection period will include: self-report information [e.g., sociodemographic and background information, health and diet behaviours]; information from medical records [e.g., medications usage, peri- and post-surgical complications, etc.]; physiological measures [i.e., blood, urine and fecal samples collection]; cognitive assessment [i.e., neuropsychological tests battery]; and brain imaging [i.e., structural MRI]. Collectively, this study is designed to provide critical information about potential individually targeted diet-based preventative strategies to reduce the development and progression of neurodegenerative disorders. Moreover, this project will explore potential mediators of diet-microbiome alterations as they relate to improvements in brain function and structure, and as such, it will provide essential information on key mechanisms, stimulating further research and the creation of parallel non-dietary therapeutic options. AN  - NCT05318781 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Impacts of Bariatric Surgery on the Microbiome and Brain Function (EMBRACE) TI  - Understanding the Impact of Radical Changes in Diet and the Microbiome on Brain Function and Structure: the EMBRACE Study
Effects of a Physiotherapy Program in Patients Hospitalized Due to Pneumonia; Acute respiratory infections are the fourth cause of hospitalization in elderly. Various studies have examined the impact of hospitalization in patients with respiratory pathology, showing the need of interventions in order to reduce the impact of hospitalization. The objective of this study is to examine whether a physical therapy intervention can reduce impairment in patients hospitalized due to pneumonia. AN  - NCT02515565 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Physiotherapy in Patients Hospitalized Due to Pneumonia. TI  - Effects of a Physiotherapy Program in Patients Hospitalized Due to Pneumonia
A Phase 2, Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled, Multicenter Study to Confirm Dose Responsiveness Following 12 Weeks of the Administration of CP-690,550 (4 Doses) or Placebo in Subjects With Active Rheumatoid Arthritis Inadequately Controlled With Methotrexate Alone; The purpose of this study is to determine the effectiveness and safety, over 3 months, of 4 dose regimens of CP-690,550, combined with methotrexate, for the treatment with active rheumatoid arthritis. AN  - NCT00603512 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Comparison Of 4 CP-690,550 Doses Vs. Placebo, Each Combined With Methotrexate, For The Treatment Of Rheumatoid Arthritis in Japan TI  - A Phase 2, Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled, Multicenter Study to Confirm Dose Responsiveness Following 12 Weeks of the Administration of CP-690,550 (4 Doses) or Placebo in Subjects With Active Rheumatoid Arthritis Inadequately Controlled With Methotrexate Alone
A Phase 2 Trial of Nivolumab Plus Ipilimumab, Ipilimumab Alone, or Cabazitaxel in Men With Metastatic Castration-Resistant Prostate Cancer; The purpose of this study is to evaluate the effectiveness, safety and tolerability of nivolumab followed by ipilimumab, in subjects with metastatic castration resistant prostate cancer (mCRPC). AN  - NCT02985957 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study of Nivolumab Plus Ipilimumab, Ipilimumab Alone, or Cabazitaxel in Men With Metastatic Castration-Resistant Prostate Cancer (CheckMate 650) (CheckMate 650) TI  - A Phase 2 Trial of Nivolumab Plus Ipilimumab, Ipilimumab Alone, or Cabazitaxel in Men With Metastatic Castration-Resistant Prostate Cancer
Efficacy of the Oncoxin-Viusid® Oral Solution in Reducing the Adverse Reactions of Chemotherapy and Radiotherapy in Patients Diagnosed With Cervical Cancer and Endometrial Adenocarcinoma.; The purpose of this study is to evaluate the efficacy of oral solution Oncoxin-Viusid in the reduction of acute toxicity of Radiotherapy (RTP) and Chemotherapy (QTP) in patients with histological diagnosis of cervical cancer and endometrial adenocarcinoma. This is a phase II, prospective, randomized and double blind clinical trial, which will include 66 patients assigned to 2 treatment arms: 33 patients will receive conventional treatment, plus a placebo of the nutritional supplement and another 33 patients will receive along with the conventional treatment the Oncoxin-Viusid nutritional supplement produced by the Catalysis Laboratories of Spain. Patients will receive oral treatment throughout the onco-specific treatment and up to 3 weeks after completion. AN  - NCT03540407 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Evaluation of Oncoxin-Viusid® in Cervical Cancer and Endometrial Adenocarcinoma. TI  - Efficacy of the Oncoxin-Viusid® Oral Solution in Reducing the Adverse Reactions of Chemotherapy and Radiotherapy in Patients Diagnosed With Cervical Cancer and Endometrial Adenocarcinoma.
A Phase 2, Open-Label, Single-Arm, Multidose Study to Investigate the Effects of Orteronel on the QT/QTc Interval in Patients With Metastatic Castration-Resistant Prostate Cancer; The purpose of this phase 2, open-label, single-arm, multidose, multicenter study is to investigate the effects of Orteronel plus Prednisone on the QT/QTc interval in patients with Metastatic Castration-Resistant Prostrate Cancer AN  - NCT01549951 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study to Investigate the Effects of Orteronel on the QT/QTc Interval in Patients With Metastatic Castration-Resistant Prostate Cancer TI  - A Phase 2, Open-Label, Single-Arm, Multidose Study to Investigate the Effects of Orteronel on the QT/QTc Interval in Patients With Metastatic Castration-Resistant Prostate Cancer
Intramedullary Nailing Versus External Fixation in the Treatment of Open Tibia Fractures in Tanzania - Results of a Randomized Controlled Trial; The investigators propose to undertake a randomized, controlled trial which will generate Level 1 evidence concerning optimal fixation methods for the treatment of severe open tibia fractures in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania. The investigators hope to determine the optimal management of severe open tibial fractures in Sub-Saharan Africa in order to reduce long-term disability, limit the economic impact of injury, and avoid resource costs of reoperation. The investigators plan to compare the all-cause reoperation rate for AO/Orthopaedic Trauma Association (OTA) Type 42 open tibial shaft fractures treated with initial intramedullary nailing versus external fixation at Muhimbili Orthopaedic Institute in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, to compare rates of secondary clinical endpoints including postoperative superficial and deep infection, clinical union, radiographic union, malunion, and health-related quality of life with minimum one year follow-up, and identify prognostic factors related to the patient, injury, or management protocol that impact the reoperation rate, return to work, and health-related quality of life. AN  - NCT03861624 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Intramedullary Nailing Versus External Fixation in Open Tibia Fractures in Tanzania TI  - Intramedullary Nailing Versus External Fixation in the Treatment of Open Tibia Fractures in Tanzania - Results of a Randomized Controlled Trial
A Phase 3 Randomized Study Comparing Bortezomib, Lenalidomide and Dexamethasone (VRd) Followed by Ciltacabtagene Autoleucel, a Chimeric Antigen Receptor T Cell (CAR-T) Therapy Directed Against BCMA Versus Bortezomib, Lenalidomide, and Dexamethasone (VRd) Followed by Lenalidomide and Dexamethasone (Rd) Therapy in Participants With Newly Diagnosed Multiple Myeloma for Whom Hematopoietic Stem Cell Transplant is Not Planned as Initial Therapy; The purpose of this study is to compare the efficacy of Bortezomib, Lenalidomide and Dexamethasone (VRd) induction followed by a single administration of ciltacabtagene autoleucel (cilta-cel) versus VRd induction followed by Lenalidomide and Dexamethasone (Rd) maintenance in newly diagnosed multiple myeloma participants for whom ASCT is not planned as initial therapy in terms of Progression Free Survival (PFS). AN  - NCT04923893 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study of Bortezomib, Lenalidomide and Dexamethasone (VRd) Followed by Cilta-cel, a CAR-T Therapy Directed Against BCMA Versus VRd Followed by Lenalidomide and Dexamethasone (Rd) Therapy in Participants With Newly Diagnosed Multiple Myeloma for Whom ASCT is Not Planned as Initial Therapy (CARTITUDE-5) TI  - A Phase 3 Randomized Study Comparing Bortezomib, Lenalidomide and Dexamethasone (VRd) Followed by Ciltacabtagene Autoleucel, a Chimeric Antigen Receptor T Cell (CAR-T) Therapy Directed Against BCMA Versus Bortezomib, Lenalidomide, and Dexamethasone (VRd) Followed by Lenalidomide and Dexamethasone (Rd) Therapy in Participants With Newly Diagnosed Multiple Myeloma for Whom Hematopoietic Stem Cell Transplant is Not Planned as Initial Therapy
Efficacy and Safety of Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in Treatment of Insomnia with Subjective Cognitive Decline: a Randomized Controlled Trail; Insomnia is the most common form of sleep disorder, and subjective cognitive decline (SCD) in patients with insomnia may be an ultra-early manifestation of AD. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has emerged as a promising tool for the treatment of insomnia by modulating neural excitability and inducing plasticity. However, there is a lack of studies on rTMS treatment of cognitive impairment associated with insomnia. The efficacy and safety of rTMS for cognitive impairment in insomnia patients with SCD will be assessed by a randomized controlled trial. AN  - NCT06710652 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Efficacy and Safety of Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in Treatment of Insomnia with Subjective Cognitive Decline TI  - Efficacy and Safety of Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in Treatment of Insomnia with Subjective Cognitive Decline: a Randomized Controlled Trail
Investigation of Pregabalin Therapy and Complex Rehabilitation in Treating Chronic Fatigue Associated With Post-COVID Syndrome; Patients will be recruited during an outpatient medical consultation with a general practitioner or neurologist, psychiatrist, psychologist or other specialists, as well as with the use of information materials in the form of leaflets and advertisements on the Internet. AN  - NCT05967052 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Investigation of Treating Chronic Fatigue Syndrome After COVID With Pharmacotherapy (Pregabalin) or Complex Rehabilitation (POSTCOVID) TI  - Investigation of Pregabalin Therapy and Complex Rehabilitation in Treating Chronic Fatigue Associated With Post-COVID Syndrome
Comparing Two Approaches to Care Coordination for High-Cost/High-Need Patients in Primary Care; Throughout the project, we will communicate our findings to clinics and health systems. As a result, many people may receive better care. AN  - NCT04957979 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Minnesota Care Coordination Effectiveness Study (MNCARES) TI  - Comparing Two Approaches to Care Coordination for High-Cost/High-Need Patients in Primary Care
Phase 3, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Study Of The Safety And Efficacy Of 2 Doses Of CP-690,550 In Patients With Active Rheumatoid Arthritis On Background Methotrexate With Inadequate Response To TNF Inhibitors; This study will test if CP-690,550 is safe and effective in rheumatoid arthritis patients taking methotrexate who have an inadequate response to tumor necrosis factor inhibitor treatment. AN  - NCT00960440 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study of CP-690,550 Versus Placebo In Rheumatoid Arthritis Patients On Background Methotrexate With Inadequate Response To Tumor Necrosis Factor (TNF) Inhibitors TI  - Phase 3, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Study Of The Safety And Efficacy Of 2 Doses Of CP-690,550 In Patients With Active Rheumatoid Arthritis On Background Methotrexate With Inadequate Response To TNF Inhibitors
Comparison of the Efficacy of Intra-Articular Corticosteroid Injections Versus Saline Solution for Thumb Osteoarthritis: Multicentric Double-Blind Pragmatic Randomized Pilot Study; Thumb osteoarthritis or trapeziometacarpal osteoarthritis (TMO) is a common and painful form of hand arthritis that limits thumb mobility and hand function, affecting patients' quality of life. Although corticosteroids injections are a typical treatment, their effectiveness has been challenged, and side effects have been reported. Recent studies suggest that saline injections, usually considered inactive, might be a viable treatment option. The primary goal of this study is to compare the effectiveness of saline injections versus corticosteroids injections in reducing TMO-related pain and improving hand function. In this study, 40 people with TMO will be randomly assigned to receive either a corticosteroids or a saline injection, without them or the doctors performing the injection knowing which one was administered (double blind). If saline injections prove more effective, they could provide a less harmful and cheaper therapeutic alternative for TMO patients. AN  - NCT06401317 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Corticosteroid Against Saline Injections for Thumb Osteoarthritis (CASITOA) (CASITOA) TI  - Comparison of the Efficacy of Intra-Articular Corticosteroid Injections Versus Saline Solution for Thumb Osteoarthritis: Multicentric Double-Blind Pragmatic Randomized Pilot Study
A Phase II Randomised Study of Oral Prednisolone in Early Diffuse Cutaneous Systemic Sclerosis (Initially Double-blind, Then Switched to Open-label Because of Covid-19); Please note: From August 2020, the trial was re-started following halt due to Covid-19 as open-label. The placebo arm is the 'no treatment' arm and there is no longer a code-break at study exit. AN  - NCT03708718 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Prednisolone in Early Diffuse Systemic Sclerosis (PRedSS) TI  - A Phase II Randomised Study of Oral Prednisolone in Early Diffuse Cutaneous Systemic Sclerosis (Initially Double-blind, Then Switched to Open-label Because of Covid-19)
Immune Profiles in CF Fungal Infection; This study is investigating the role of allergic (Th2) inflammation in patients with Cystic Fibrosis (CF) and history of fungal infection and/or Allergic Bronchopulmonary Aspergillosis. Little is known about fungal infection in CF and conflicting results exist on whether this results in worse lung function over time. There is concern that persistent fungal infection can result in worse clinical outcome measures in patients with CF. Also, it is unclear how ABPA develops, but may be related to the amount of fungus a patient with CF is infected with. This study looks at inflammatory patterns and allergic responses to fungal elements to help identify biomarkers and signs of allergic disease in fungally infected patients with CF. AN  - NCT04476758 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Immune Profiles in CF Fungal Infection TI  - Immune Profiles in CF Fungal Infection
An Open Feasibility Study to Investigate the Impact of A Digitally Delivered Asthma Service for Patients in Primary Care (IDEAL-001: Integrated Digitally EnhAnced Care for Long-term Conditions-001; Patients will be provided with this digital asthma service for a period of 6 months of 2018 and outcomes will be measured using a combination of questionnaires (quality of life, patient satisfaction, level of activation) and quantitative measures such as Forced Expired Volume over 1 second (FEV1)(measure of airway obstruction), Fractional Exhaled Nitric Oxide (FENO) (measure of airway inflammation) and Asthma Control Test Scores (measure of symptom control). Feedback from NHS professionals hosting the study and online doctors will also be sought. A Health economic model will be generated comparing the digitally enhanced model versus usual care. The main outcome of this study is looking at whether this new model of service delivery can provide an improvement in asthma control test scores. AN  - NCT03511482 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Integrated Digitally Enhanced Care for Long-term Conditions- Asthma (IDEAL) TI  - An Open Feasibility Study to Investigate the Impact of A Digitally Delivered Asthma Service for Patients in Primary Care (IDEAL-001: Integrated Digitally EnhAnced Care for Long-term Conditions-001
Controlled, Randomized, Double-blind Clinical Trial, 24 Months Duration, to Compare the Efficacy, Safety and Tolerability of Andrographolide Versus Placebo in Patients With Progressive Forms of Multiple Sclerosis; The principal outcome is to determine the efficacy, of andrographolide in retarding the progression of brain atrophy in patients with progressive forms of MS. AN  - NCT02273635 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Efficacy, Safety and Tolerability of Andrographolides Versus Placebo in Patients With Progressive Forms of MS TI  - Controlled, Randomized, Double-blind Clinical Trial, 24 Months Duration, to Compare the Efficacy, Safety and Tolerability of Andrographolide Versus Placebo in Patients With Progressive Forms of Multiple Sclerosis
Comparison Between Ultrasound Guided Subacromial and Systemic Injection of Steroid for Frozen Shoulder: a Double Blind Multicenter Pilot Study for Randomized Control Trial; - Perform home rehabilitation exercises AN  - NCT06626568 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Comparison of Ultrasound-Guided Subacromial Vs. Systemic Steroid Injections for Frozen Shoulder: a Multicenter Pilot Study (CUSIS-FS-Pilot) TI  - Comparison Between Ultrasound Guided Subacromial and Systemic Injection of Steroid for Frozen Shoulder: a Double Blind Multicenter Pilot Study for Randomized Control Trial
Plasma Exchange and Glucocorticoid Dosing in the Treatment of Anti-neutrophil Cytoplasm Antibody Associated Vasculitis: an International Randomized Controlled Trial; The FDA-OOPD is one of the funding sources for this study. AN  - NCT00987389 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Plasma Exchange and Glucocorticoids for Treatment of Anti-Neutrophil Cytoplasm Antibody (ANCA) - Associated Vasculitis (PEXIVAS) TI  - Plasma Exchange and Glucocorticoid Dosing in the Treatment of Anti-neutrophil Cytoplasm Antibody Associated Vasculitis: an International Randomized Controlled Trial
Dietary Strategies for Remission of Type 2 Diabetes - a Randomized Controlled Trial (CARBCOUNT); In this project, the investigators will perform a multicenter randomised controlled trial to determine whether advice to consume a moderate, whole food-based low-carbohydrate high-fat (LCHF) ad libitum diet (CarbCount program) can produce and maintain equal remission rates of type 2 diabetes (T2D) as a nutritionally complete very-low-calorie formula diet followed by a energy-restrictive (i.e., calorie counting) diet (DiRECT principles). Within the principles of each approach, the dietary goals and change will be adjusted according to individual needs/capabilities conducive to long-term adherence. Furthermore, the investigators aim to determine whether the rate of diet-induced remission is reflected in/can be predicted by baseline or diet-induced changes in glucose variability (e.g., time-in-range measured by continuous glucose monitoring) and other factors such as anthropometric changes and genetic susceptibility. Each center will also conduct locally-lead standalone mechanistic research, including analyses of intra-abdominal/hepatic fat accumulation, adipose tissue biopsies and/or measurements of energy metabolism. Additionally, changes in medication use, nutritional status, cardiovascular disease risk, as well as adverse events, will be monitored. AN  - NCT04943926 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Dietary Strategies for Remission of Type 2 Diabetes (CARBCOUNT) TI  - Dietary Strategies for Remission of Type 2 Diabetes - a Randomized Controlled Trial (CARBCOUNT)
A Phase 3b, Prospective, Open-label, Multicenter, Single Treatment Arm, Continuation Study of the Safety and Efficacy of TAK-755 (rADAMTS13, Also Known as BAX 930/SHP655) in the Prophylactic and On-demand Treatment of Subjects With Severe Congenital Thrombotic Thrombocytopenic Purpura (cTTP; Upshaw-Schulman Syndrome, or Hereditary Thrombotic Thrombocytopenic Purpura); Participants in the prophylactic cohort will receive treatment in the clinic or at home for up to approximately 3 years. They will visit the clinic at least every 12 weeks. Participants in the on-demand cohort will receive daily treatment for the acute TTP event until the flare-up has gotten better. They will have a follow-up visit at the clinic 4 weeks later. AN  - NCT04683003 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study of TAK-755 in Participants With Congenital Thrombotic Thrombocytopenic Purpura TI  - A Phase 3b, Prospective, Open-label, Multicenter, Single Treatment Arm, Continuation Study of the Safety and Efficacy of TAK-755 (rADAMTS13, Also Known as BAX 930/SHP655) in the Prophylactic and On-demand Treatment of Subjects With Severe Congenital Thrombotic Thrombocytopenic Purpura (cTTP; Upshaw-Schulman Syndrome, or Hereditary Thrombotic Thrombocytopenic Purpura)
Reducing Respiratory Symptoms of Pulmonary Irradiation in Interstitial Lung Disease: A 2x2 Factorial Randomized Phase II Trial Testing N-Acetyl Cysteine and Dexamethasone; In this double-blind phase II randomized controlled trial, patients with lung cancer or ≤2 oligometastatic pulmonary lesions and a concomitant diagnosis of ILD who are planned for radical Radiation Therapy (RT) will be randomized using a 2 x 2 factorial design to oral N-acetylcysteine (NAC) versus placebo, and also to short course corticosteroids versus placebo. AN  - NCT05986318 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Reducing Respiratory Symptoms of Pulmonary Irradiation in Interstitial Lung Disease (RESPIRE-ILD) TI  - Reducing Respiratory Symptoms of Pulmonary Irradiation in Interstitial Lung Disease: A 2x2 Factorial Randomized Phase II Trial Testing N-Acetyl Cysteine and Dexamethasone
A Phase 2B, Randomized, Double Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Multicenter Study To Compare 6 Dose Regimens Of CP-690,550 Vs. Placebo, Each Combined With Methotrexate, Administered For 6 Months In The Treatment Of Subjects With Active Rheumatoid Arthritis Who Have Had An Inadequate Response To Methotrexate Alone; The purpose of this study is to determine the effectiveness and safety, over 6 months, of 6 dose regimens of CP-690,550, combined with methotrexate, for the treatment of adults with active rheumatoid arthritis. AN  - NCT00413660 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Comparison Of 6 CP-690,550 Doses Vs.Placebo, Each Combined With Methotrexate, For The Treatment Of Rheumatoid Arthritis TI  - A Phase 2B, Randomized, Double Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Multicenter Study To Compare 6 Dose Regimens Of CP-690,550 Vs. Placebo, Each Combined With Methotrexate, Administered For 6 Months In The Treatment Of Subjects With Active Rheumatoid Arthritis Who Have Had An Inadequate Response To Methotrexate Alone
Clinical Outcomes in Patients With Infection by Resistant Microorganism; - Are common infections caused by drug-resistant pathogens associated with an increase health burden, when compared with individuals without the infection under study (associated burden)? AN  - NCT05880069 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Clinical Outcomes in Patients With Infection by Resistant Microorganism TI  - Clinical Outcomes in Patients With Infection by Resistant Microorganism
Effects and Mechanisms of Intensive Robot-Assisted Therapy in Patients With Subacute Stroke: Outcomes in Brain/Movement Reorganization, Sensorimotor and Daily Functions, and Physiological Markers.; This trial is to examine (1) the immediate effects of treatment intensity in RT on sensorimotor impairments and functional performance in patients with subacute stroke; (2) the long-term benefits of treatment intensity in RT by conducting a 6-month follow up evaluation; and (3) the effects of RT on cortical/movement reorganization as well as on the physiological markers of inflammation, oxidative stress, and erythrocyte deformability. These overall findings will help better understanding of the efficacy of RT on functional outcomes, brain and movement reorganization, and physiological markers. AN  - NCT01767480 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effects of Intensive Robot-assisted Therapy in Patients With Subacute Stroke (RT) TI  - Effects and Mechanisms of Intensive Robot-Assisted Therapy in Patients With Subacute Stroke: Outcomes in Brain/Movement Reorganization, Sensorimotor and Daily Functions, and Physiological Markers.
Patient-Centered Physical Activity Coaching in COPD: A Pragmatic Trial; While practice guidelines recommend regular physical activity for all patients with COPD, health systems are challenged in operationalizing an effective and sustainable approach to assist patients in being physically active. The investigators propose a pragmatic randomized controlled trial to determine the effectiveness of a 12-month physical activity coaching intervention (Walk On!) compared to standard care for 1,650 COPD patients from a large integrated health care system. AN  - NCT02478359 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Walk On! Physical Activity Coaching TI  - Patient-Centered Physical Activity Coaching in COPD: A Pragmatic Trial
A Randomized, Placebo-controlled, Crossover Trial of Cycloserine Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Plasticity Enhancement in the Healthy Motor System.; Transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an investigational and therapeutic modality that impacts the connection strength between neurons by delivering patterned energy. In response to this patterned energy neurons fire and adapt by changing their connection strengths. This change in connection strengths is believed to be the underlying mechanism whereby this intervention has therapeutic benefit for this intervention in conditions such as depression. The purpose of this study is to test a means of enhancing the effect of rTMS using a medication (cycloserine) that has been shown to augment and stabilize activity dependent neuronal changes. The investigators wish to use the motor system, where the associated muscle response to brain stimulation can be measured, to probe activity dependent changes in connection strength between neurons. AN  - NCT03432689 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Cycloserine rTMS Plasticity Augmentation TI  - A Randomized, Placebo-controlled, Crossover Trial of Cycloserine Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Plasticity Enhancement in the Healthy Motor System.
NC Works4Health: Reducing Chronic Disease Risks in Socioeconomically Disadvantaged, Unemployed Populations; The proposed study, NC Works4Health (NCW4H), builds on the strengths of long-standing academic-community research partnerships between this UNC at Chapel Hill (UNC) team of investigators and key stakeholders across health, social service, employment, and economic development sectors. The overall goal of this study is to test the effectiveness of a multilevel intervention that can be readily adopted by communities to reduce chronic disease risks in socioeconomically disadvantaged populations by (a) embedding prevention efforts in DSS-E programs at the individual level, and (b) enhancing supervisor supports for DSS-E hires at the employer level. Interventions at each level, and their joint effects, are designed to mitigate the psychological, behavioral, and clinically relevant risks for chronic disease onset, morbidity, and comorbidity that accrue with unemployment and the employment-entry transition. AN  - NCT04815278 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - NC Works4Health: Reducing Chronic Disease Risks in Socioeconomically Disadvantaged, Unemployed Populations (NCW4H) TI  - NC Works4Health: Reducing Chronic Disease Risks in Socioeconomically Disadvantaged, Unemployed Populations
A 5-year Cohort Observational Study to Evaluate Frequency of Exacerbations, Respiratory Symptoms, Physical Exercise Intolerance and Abnormal Lung Functions Among Participants Who Use IQOS With Heatsticks Compared to Smokers of Conventional Cigarettes; This study evaluates frequency of exacerbations, respiratory symptoms, physical exercise intolerance and abnormal lung functions among participants who use IQOS with heatsticks compared to smokers of conventional cigarettes AN  - NCT03383601 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Сohort Study to Evaluate Exacerbations, Respiratory Symptoms, Physical Exercise Intolerance and Lung Functions Among Participants Who Use IQOS With Heatsticks Compared to Smokers of Conventional Cigarettes TI  - A 5-year Cohort Observational Study to Evaluate Frequency of Exacerbations, Respiratory Symptoms, Physical Exercise Intolerance and Abnormal Lung Functions Among Participants Who Use IQOS With Heatsticks Compared to Smokers of Conventional Cigarettes
Investigating Methods to Enhance the Excitatory Effects of Transcranial Direct Stimulation (tDCS); tDCS has been shown to be an effective treatment for depression. However, tDCS is a relatively new clinical tool and more needs to be understood about its use. This study hopes to further the field of knowledge by examining how tDCS should be optimally used. Application of tDCS in clinical trials of depression is typically to the prefrontal cortex, but in this project, tDCS application will be to the motor cortex as it provides a more ready measure of excitability. Excitability will be measured using Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) to the motor cortex and electromyography (EMG) recordings from peripheral muscles stimulated. Using a cross-over three-arm design this study aims to investigate whether daily tDCS administered in increasing intensity across sessions leads to greater and lasting effects on brain excitability than keeping the intensity at a same dose across the days and whether the excitatory effect could be enhanced with D-cycloserine, a medication known to prolong the excitatory effects of a single session of tDCS. This in turn will inform on how to optimize tDCS for therapeutic applications, e.g treatment of depression. The study hypothesis is that 5 sessions of tDCS with a dose of D-cycloserine given on the Monday and Thursday sessions will result in more sustained effect on motor cortex excitability than 5 sessions of tDCS alone. The second hypothesis is that the gradational increases in tDCS intensity over 5 sessions will result in greater motor cortex excitability than 5 sessions of tDCS where intensity is kept constant across sessions. AN  - NCT01135953 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Methods to Enhance Transcranial Direct Stimulation (tDCS) TI  - Investigating Methods to Enhance the Excitatory Effects of Transcranial Direct Stimulation (tDCS)
Intestinal Microbiota Transplant Prior to Allogeneic Stem Cell Transplant (MAST) Trial; Researchers will compare IMT capsules and Placebo to investigate the change in gut microbiota diversity. AN  - NCT06355583 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Intestinal Microbiota Transplant Prior to Allogeneic Stem Cell Transplant (MAST) Trial (MAST) TI  - Intestinal Microbiota Transplant Prior to Allogeneic Stem Cell Transplant (MAST) Trial
Integrating Palliative Care Education in Pulmonary Rehabilitation; This study will provide an evidence-based insight into personalised PR with palliative care education for people with COPD or ILD and informal caregivers. AN  - NCT06046547 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Integrating Palliative Care Education in Pulmonary Rehabilitation TI  - Integrating Palliative Care Education in Pulmonary Rehabilitation
A Phase-3, Multi-Center, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Parallel-Group Study to Compare Efficacy and Safety of Pomalidomide in Subjects With Myeloproliferative Neoplasm-Associated Myelofibrosis and Red Blood Cell-Transfusion-Dependence; The objective of this study is to determine whether pomalidomide is safe and effective in reversing red blood cell (RBC)-transfusion-dependence in persons with myeloproliferative neoplasm (MPN)-associated myelofibrosis (global study) and in reversing anemia in Chinese with MPN-associated myelofibrosis and severe anemia not receiving RBC-transfusions (China extension study only) AN  - NCT01178281 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study of Pomalidomide in Persons With Myeloproliferative-Neoplasm-Associated Myelofibrosis and RBC-Transfusion-Dependence (RESUME) TI  - A Phase-3, Multi-Center, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Parallel-Group Study to Compare Efficacy and Safety of Pomalidomide in Subjects With Myeloproliferative Neoplasm-Associated Myelofibrosis and Red Blood Cell-Transfusion-Dependence
Quality of Life and Stress in Parents of Children With Developmental Disabilities and Chronic Disease; The investigators assume that parents of children with developmental disabilities and chronic diseases have higher level of stress and lower quality of life compared to the parents of healthy children. AN  - NCT03602378 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - QoL and Stress in Parents of Children With Developmental Disabilities and Chronic Disease TI  - Quality of Life and Stress in Parents of Children With Developmental Disabilities and Chronic Disease
The Effect of a Single-dose of D-cycloserine on the Basic Effects of Cognitive-behaviour Therapy for Panic Disorder - a Randomized Placebo-controlled Trial; The purpose of this study is to determine whether d-cycloserine augments the clinical effects of exposure-based cognitive-behaviour therapy for panic disorder. AN  - NCT01680107 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - D-cycloserine Augmented CBT for Panic Disorder TI  - The Effect of a Single-dose of D-cycloserine on the Basic Effects of Cognitive-behaviour Therapy for Panic Disorder - a Randomized Placebo-controlled Trial
A Feasibility Study to Assess a &#34;Virtual&#34; (vEUA) Technology to Improve the Management of Perianal Crohn&#39;s Disease; Any patient taking part in the trial will be randomly allocated to have the 3D model utilised in their care or standard care. We will use pre- and post-surgical patient questionnaires, surgical questionnaires and MRI imaging to establish if vEUA is safe and effective in improving the care of patients with perianal Crohn&#39;s. AN  - NCT06587646 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - VirtuAl Technology to Improve the Management of Perianal Crohn&#39;s (VAMP) - PROSPECTIVE (VAMP-PROSPECT) TI  - A Feasibility Study to Assess a &#34;Virtual&#34; (vEUA) Technology to Improve the Management of Perianal Crohn&#39;s Disease
A Phase 1B/2 Randomized, Multicenter, Open-Label Study Of Iberdomide (CC-220) In Combination With Polatuzumab Vedotin Plus Rituximab Or Tafasitamab Or Rituximab Plus Chemotherapy For Subjects With Relapsed Or Refractory Aggressive B-Cell Lymphoma; This is a Phase 1b/2 randomized study of Iberdomide (CC-220) added to 3 different combination regimens (polatuzumab vedotin plus rituximab (Cohort A), tafasitamab (Cohort B), rituximab plus gemcitabine and platinum-based chemotherapy (Cohort C)) for participants with relapsed or refractory aggressive B-cell lymphoma (R/R a-BCL). All 3 cohorts will be open for enrollment at study start. Part 1 (dose escalation) will be followed by Part 2 (dose expansion), in which participants will be randomized to one of three cohorts, with CC-220 at the recommended Phase 2 Dose in combination with the Cohorts A, B and C treatment that is compared to their individual standard of care regimen. AN  - NCT04882163 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study to Evaluate Tolerability of Iberdomide (CC-220) in Combination With Polatuzumab Vedotin Plus Rituximab or Tafasitamab or Rituximab Plus Chemotherapy in B-cell Lymphoma TI  - A Phase 1B/2 Randomized, Multicenter, Open-Label Study Of Iberdomide (CC-220) In Combination With Polatuzumab Vedotin Plus Rituximab Or Tafasitamab Or Rituximab Plus Chemotherapy For Subjects With Relapsed Or Refractory Aggressive B-Cell Lymphoma
Phase IV Study of Oral Prednisone Taper vs. Placebo Following Intravenous Steroids for the Treatment of Acute Relapses in Multiple Sclerosis Within the Ticino Cohort; The primary analysis will test whether placebo is equivalent to oral prednisone taper on the recovery status as measured by EDSS change from baseline to 3 months after baseline. AN  - NCT01411514 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Oral Prednisone Taper Versus Placebo for the Treatment of Acute Relapses in Multiple Sclerosis TI  - Phase IV Study of Oral Prednisone Taper vs. Placebo Following Intravenous Steroids for the Treatment of Acute Relapses in Multiple Sclerosis Within the Ticino Cohort
The Effect of Early Stabilization of Rib Fractures on Patient-Centered Outcomes: A Randomized Clinical Trial; The purpose of this study is to compare the usual care alone to usual care plus early surgical stabilization in adult trauma patients who have been admitted with rib fractures, to evaluate for heterogeneity of treatment effect in high risk subgroups and to determine the the impact of multiple rib fractures on post-discharge health status and time to return to work or usual physical activity. AN  - NCT04081233 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Surgical Stabilization for Rib Fractures (SSRF) TI  - The Effect of Early Stabilization of Rib Fractures on Patient-Centered Outcomes: A Randomized Clinical Trial
Effects of a Multiple Sclerosis Relapse Therapy With Methylprednisolone (MP) During Pregnancy on Offspring Cognitive Function, Stress Sensitivity, Behaviour and Functional and Structural Brain Development; Introduction: Fetal exposure to glucocorticoids (GCs) used to induce fetal lung maturation in women threatened by premature labour is known to induce aberrations in brain development and stress sensitivity, cognitive dysfunction and neuro-psychiatric disorders in later life which all predict early brain ageing. Another common source of fetal GC exposure is the treatment of relapses in multiple sclerosis (MS), the most common neurological disease in young women. Despite the lack of studies, the 300-fold higher dosage of GCs for MS relapse treatment compared to obstetric indications is considered harmless for the fetus . Objectives: To examine the effects of GCs for MS relapse treatment during pregnancy on offspring structural and functional brain development, stress sensitivity, and cognitive and behavioural performance. Methods: Epidemiological multi-centre cohort study in 80 children and adolescents aged 8 to 18 years whose mothers received GCs to treat a MS relapse during pregnancy compared to unexposed participants. Expected Impact: Creating a guideline-changing evidence-based risk-benefit assessment regarding benefits of the MS relapse therapy for the mother and potential harm to the child. AN  - NCT04832269 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effects of a Multiple Sclerosis Relapse Therapy on Offspring Neurocognitive Development and Behaviour (MS-Children) TI  - Effects of a Multiple Sclerosis Relapse Therapy With Methylprednisolone (MP) During Pregnancy on Offspring Cognitive Function, Stress Sensitivity, Behaviour and Functional and Structural Brain Development
China Headache and Vertigo Registry Study; In the Chinese Headache and Vertigo Registration Study, patients aged 4-99 years with headache (primary headache and secondary headache such as migraine and tension type headache), vertigo (vertigo diseases such as vestibular migraine) and chronic pain (fibromyalgia and other diseases) were collected. The biomarkers, imaging features, right-to-left shunt of the heart (lung), genetic characteristics, treatment, and outcome (in relation to other diseases) of headache-related diseases were studied, and long-term follow-up was planned. AN  - NCT04939922 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - China Headache Registry Study (CHRS) TI  - China Headache and Vertigo Registry Study
Randomized Cross-over Trial in Patients Treated With Both Insulin & Hydrocortisone; The aim of INS.CORT trial is, by studying glycemic variability in a well-defined patient group with both insulin & hydrocortisone (patients with concomitant insulin-treated diabetes & Addison's disease) and collecting information about the administration -time point and doses- of insulin, hydrocortisone and food intake with the help of new technology to improve the treatment in all patients treated with both insulin & glucocorticoids. AN  - NCT05716607 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Treatment Study in Patients Treated With Both Insulin & Hydrocortisone (INSCORT) TI  - Randomized Cross-over Trial in Patients Treated With Both Insulin & Hydrocortisone
A Phase 3, Prospective, Randomized, Controlled, Open-label, Multicenter, 2 Period Crossover Study With a Single Arm Continuation Evaluating the Safety And Efficacy of BAX 930 (rADAMTS13) in the Prophylactic And On-demand Treatment of Subjects With Severe Congenital Thrombotic Thrombocytopenic Purpura (cTTP, Upshaw-Schulman Syndrome [USS], Hereditary Thrombotic Thrombocytopenic Purpura [hTTP]); 1 month after all treatment has been completed, participants will visit the clinic for a final check-up. AN  - NCT03393975 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study of BAX 930 in Children, Teenagers, and Adults Born With Thrombotic Thrombocytopenic Purpura (TTP) TI  - A Phase 3, Prospective, Randomized, Controlled, Open-label, Multicenter, 2 Period Crossover Study With a Single Arm Continuation Evaluating the Safety And Efficacy of BAX 930 (rADAMTS13) in the Prophylactic And On-demand Treatment of Subjects With Severe Congenital Thrombotic Thrombocytopenic Purpura (cTTP, Upshaw-Schulman Syndrome [USS], Hereditary Thrombotic Thrombocytopenic Purpura [hTTP])
A Prospective, Randomized, Single-Blind Study to Evaluate the Efficacy of Transversus Abdominis Plane Versus Paravertebral Regional Blockade in Patients Undergoing Laparoscopic Colectomy; The purpose of this study is to assess the effectiveness of transversus abdominal plane (TAP) block, thoracic epidural or paravertebral block (PVB) for controlling postoperative pain when compared with opioid you self-administer in your vein using a PCA device. The primary outcome will be postoperative opioid consumption within 24 hours after surgery. A total of 120 subjects will be randomized in a 1:1:1:1 ratio to receive a TAP block, PVB, TEA or no block (PCA alone).Patients in all groups will be cared for using an established enhanced recovery after surgery (ERAS) pathway incorporating a multimodal analgesic regimen using IV acetaminophen and postoperative PCA fentanyl. AN  - NCT02164929 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Comparison Study of Transversus Abdominal Plane, Paravertebral and Epidural Blocks in Laparoscopic Colectomy TI  - A Prospective, Randomized, Single-Blind Study to Evaluate the Efficacy of Transversus Abdominis Plane Versus Paravertebral Regional Blockade in Patients Undergoing Laparoscopic Colectomy
Prepare to Care, A Supported Self-Management Intervention for Head and Neck Cancer Caregivers; This pilot clinical trial studies how well Prepare to Care kit works in improving caregiver support in patients with stage I-IV head and neck cancer that is new or has come back. Prepare to Care kit may increase knowledge about head and neck cancer and enhance stress-management skills. AN  - NCT03032250 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Prepare to Care, A Supported Self-Management Intervention for Head and Neck Cancer CaregiversHead and Neck Cancer TI  - Prepare to Care, A Supported Self-Management Intervention for Head and Neck Cancer Caregivers
Treatment With Methylprednisolone in Acute Exacerbations of Multiple Sclerosis: Enhanced Effect With Nighttime Treatment?; The Immunological system is showing a diurnal rhythmicity. The Mediators that enhances inflammation are at highest level during the night. At the same time the endogenous production of cortisol is at its lowest. We want to study if there is a better effect of treatment with Methylprednisolone for acute MS-attacks if given at nighttime. The effect will be measured in relation to neurological deficits and function with Kurtzkes Expanded Disability Status Score (EDSS) and Multiple Sclerosis Functional Composite (MSFC). We want to see if the mean improvement in EDSS is greater in the group receiving treatment at night opposed to the group that get treatment during the daytime. AN  - NCT00764413 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Chronotherapy in Acute Multiple Sclerosis (MS) Attack TI  - Treatment With Methylprednisolone in Acute Exacerbations of Multiple Sclerosis: Enhanced Effect With Nighttime Treatment?
Early Screening for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in a Low Risk Population; This new feasibility pilot study aims to refine the design and protocols for a larger trial that will investigate the potential benefits of early oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) screening in a population traditionally defined as low-risk for development of gestational diabetes. The study will evaluate its potential effectiveness in reducing the risks of neonatal morbidity/mortality and obstetric complications. Additionally, a machine learning algorithm to predict gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) risk based on routinely obtained clinical information at pregnancy booking, and minimally invasive methods, such as continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) and gingival crevicular fluid (GCF) sampling, are being explored to predict the risk of hyperglycaemia. This study aims to investigate the utility of early pregnancy screening to enable timely detection and management of early gestational diabetes development in a low-risk population, ultimately promoting better health outcomes for mothers and their babies. AN  - NCT06704035 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Early Screening for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in a Low Risk Population (EaGeR) TI  - Early Screening for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in a Low Risk Population
A Multicentre Double-blind Randomised Controlled Trial to Assess the Clinical- and Cost-effectiveness of Facet-joint Injections in Selected Patients With Non-specific Low Back Pain: a Feasibility Study; Criteria for the study to be considered successful (and a definitive trial feasible) include the abilities to standardise the methods for injection and to recruit and retain sufficient participants, and the acceptability of the study design to participants and clinicians. AN  - NCT03339362 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - FAcet-joint Injection Clinical and Cost-effective Trial (FACET) TI  - A Multicentre Double-blind Randomised Controlled Trial to Assess the Clinical- and Cost-effectiveness of Facet-joint Injections in Selected Patients With Non-specific Low Back Pain: a Feasibility Study
The Impact of Retropubic Lidocaine vs Saline on Postoperative Urinary Retention Following Midurethral Sling: A Randomized Placebo Controlled Trial; Several recent studies have reported varying rates of postoperative voiding trial success depending on the type of local anesthetic used for hydrodissection; however the data is sparse and invites a more thorough investigation. Furthermore, to the investigators knowledge, no studies have systematically explored dosage or type of agent used intraoperatively on postoperative voiding function. Based on the preliminary data, the investigators hypothesize that patients receiving normal saline compared to a local anesthetic (e.g., lidocaine) will have a reduction in duration of postoperative urinary retention following retropubic midurethral sling placement. AN  - NCT03913845 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Impact of Retropubic Lidocaine vs Saline on Postoperative Urinary Retention Following Midurethral Sling TI  - The Impact of Retropubic Lidocaine vs Saline on Postoperative Urinary Retention Following Midurethral Sling: A Randomized Placebo Controlled Trial
Can Continuous Infusion Coupled With Therapeutic Drug Monitoring Optimize Flucloxacillin and Cefazolin Target Attainment Compared to Standard Intermittent Bolus Dosing in Patients With Complicated Staphylococcus Aureus Infections? A Randomized, Controlled Interventional Pilot Trial.; This prospective randomized, controlled interventional pilot trial, aims to compare the achievement of the optimal target concentration with continuously administered flucloxacillin (FLU) or cefazolin (CZO) coupled with TDM and subsequent dose adjustment versus standard of care (intermittent bolus application without TDM-guidance) in patients with complicated Staphylococcus aureus (S. aureus) infections (CSAI). The overall goal is to individualize and optimize antibiotic treatment in a very vulnerable group of patients overcoming the standard strategy of "one-dose-fits-all". AN  - NCT05655091 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Target Attainment of Continuous Infusion Flucloxacillin and Cefazolin Coupled With TDM vs. Standard of Care Treatment in Patients With Complicated S. Aureus Infection (TARGET III) TI  - Can Continuous Infusion Coupled With Therapeutic Drug Monitoring Optimize Flucloxacillin and Cefazolin Target Attainment Compared to Standard Intermittent Bolus Dosing in Patients With Complicated Staphylococcus Aureus Infections? A Randomized, Controlled Interventional Pilot Trial.
Elucidating the Role of the Hypothalamic-Pituitary-Adrenal (HPA) Axis in the Mechanisms Underlying Cocaine Dependence; The goal of this this study is to elucidate the role of the HPA axis in the pathophysiology of cocaine dependence AN  - NCT00451230 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Metabolic Effects of Cocaine TI  - Elucidating the Role of the Hypothalamic-Pituitary-Adrenal (HPA) Axis in the Mechanisms Underlying Cocaine Dependence
H. Pylori Eradication With Argon Plasma During Endoscopy (HEAPE); This two-arm, randomized, pilot, single-center, prospective clinical study is designed to evaluate the safety, tolerability and proof of concept that PAL has the ability to eradicate or reduce the bacterial load of H. pylori in humans. AN  - NCT06529159 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - H. Pylori Eradication With Argon Plasma During Endoscopy (HEAPE) TI  - H. Pylori Eradication With Argon Plasma During Endoscopy (HEAPE)
Exposure, D-Cycloserine Enhancement, and Genetic Modulators in Panic Disorder; This is a 5-year double blind, randomized, controlled, trial conducted at three treatment sites, aimed at showing the acute and longer-term effects of DCS augmentation of exposure-based CBT for panic disorder relative to placebo augmentation. By demonstrating that DCS can enhance the results of even a brief treatment strategy, the investigators are seeking to validate an approach that fits well with the practice limitations and applications of CBT in effectiveness studies. AN  - NCT00790868 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Exposure, D-Cycloserine Enhancement, and Genetic Modulators in Panic Disorder (DCSPanic) TI  - Exposure, D-Cycloserine Enhancement, and Genetic Modulators in Panic Disorder
The Comparison Between Dexamethasone and Morphine as an Adjuvant to Epidural Bupivacaine for Post-operative Analgesia in Lower Extremity Surgery; The study aimed to compare the effectivity of dexamethasone 8 mg and morphine 2 mg as an adjuvant to epidural bupivacaine 0,125% 12,5mg for post-operative analgesia in lower extremities. AN  - NCT03051022 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Comparison Between Dexamethasone and Morphine as an Adjuvant to Bupivacaine for Post-operative Analgesia TI  - The Comparison Between Dexamethasone and Morphine as an Adjuvant to Epidural Bupivacaine for Post-operative Analgesia in Lower Extremity Surgery
Cancer Behavioural Nutrition and Exercise Feasibility Trial - Phase II Randomised Controlled Trial Among Older Adults With Lung Cancer; The next step is to test the developed programme in a small pilot study, to i) see if it is possible and acceptable (to patients, families, and staff) to deliver and ii) see if it helps patients have and cope with anti-cancer treatments and improve patient quality of life. AN  - NCT05404022 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Feasibility Trial of a Personalised Nutrition and Activity Programme for People With Lung Cancer Over 65 Years (CanBenefitII) TI  - Cancer Behavioural Nutrition and Exercise Feasibility Trial - Phase II Randomised Controlled Trial Among Older Adults With Lung Cancer
Randomized Controlled Trial of Young, Empowered &Amp; Strong (YES), a Web-Based Patient-Reported Symptom Monitoring and Self-Management Portal for Adolescent and Young Adult Breast Cancer Survivors; This clinical trial compares a web-based patient-reported symptom monitoring and self management portal, Young, Empowered & Strong (YES), to standard therapy in managing symptoms in adolescent and young adults breast cancer survivors. YES is a web-based portal (website) to help monitor issues or symptoms women with breast cancer may experience. YES portal may improve the quality of life of young breast cancer survivors. YES portal may help manage symptoms and provide useful information/resources. AN  - NCT04906200 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Web-Based Symptom Monitoring and Self-Management Portal (YES) for Adolescent and Young Adult Breast Cancer Survivors (YES) TI  - Randomized Controlled Trial of Young, Empowered &Amp; Strong (YES), a Web-Based Patient-Reported Symptom Monitoring and Self-Management Portal for Adolescent and Young Adult Breast Cancer Survivors
NIH RECOVER: A Multi-site Observational Study of Post-acute Sequalae of SARS-CoV-2 Infection in Children; This is a combined retrospective and prospective, longitudinal, observational meta-cohort of individuals age 0-25 years who will enter the cohort with and without SARS-CoV-2 infection at varying stages before and after infection. Individuals with and without SARS-CoV-2 infection and with or without PASC symptoms will be followed to identify risk factors and occurrence of PASC. This study will be conducted in the United States and participants will be recruited through inpatient, outpatient, and community-based settings. Study data including age, demographics, social determinants of health, medical history, vaccination history, details of acute SARS-CoV-2 infection, overall health and physical function, and PASC symptoms will be reported by participants or collected from the electronic health record using a case report form at specified intervals. Biologic specimens will be collected at specified intervals, with some tests performed in local clinical laboratories and others performed by centralized research centers or banked in the Biospecimen Repository. Advanced clinical examinations and radiologic examinations will be performed at local study sites with cross-site standardization. AN  - NCT05172011 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Understanding the Long-term Impact of COVID on Children and Families TI  - NIH RECOVER: A Multi-site Observational Study of Post-acute Sequalae of SARS-CoV-2 Infection in Children
In Vitro Assessment of Hypersensitivity to TAK-880 Compared to Gammagard S/D in Blood From Patients at Increased Risk of Developing Hypersensitivity Reactions; This study is about collecting data available in the participant's medical record. No study medicines will be provided to participants in this study. Each participant will fill out a study questionnaire during a routine doctor visit. Blood will be taken from participants who have a higher risk of developing hypersensitivity reactions to immunoglobulin products. AN  - NCT05269082 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study to Assess the Hypersensitivity to TAK-880 Compared to Gammagard S/D in Blood of Children, Teenagers and Adults TI  - In Vitro Assessment of Hypersensitivity to TAK-880 Compared to Gammagard S/D in Blood From Patients at Increased Risk of Developing Hypersensitivity Reactions
Study of Ultrasound-guided Thoracic Paravertebral Block Using Ropivacaine With/Without Dexamethasone in Elective Thoracotomy; The procedures of thoracotomy are among the most painful operations. In addition to post-thoracotomy pain, the outcomes of surgery are affected adversely by postoperative discomfort. Therefore, post-thoracotomy pain control can improve the satisfaction of patient and prevent postoperative complications such as pneumonia, atelectasis, or respiratory failure. Thoracic epidural analgesia (TEA) used to be widely considered as a standard technique for providing analgesia after a thoracotomy. However, TEA carries side-effects such as incomplete or failed block, epidural hematoma, abscess, hypotension, respiratory depression, or bradycardia, etc. Recently, thoracic paravertebral block (TPVB) is an alternative technique for TEA that may offer a comparable analgesic effect and a better side -effect profile for post-thoracotomy analgesia. When local anesthetic agents are used as single injection, they can provide analgesia for limited period. Various adjuvants have been tried in the past in order to enhance the duration and quality of postoperative analgesia. Previous studies with perineural dexamethasone demonstrated that it enhanced the duration of local anesthetic block. The mechanism of its action is blocking the nociceptive impulse transmission along the myelinated C fibers. Patient-controlled analgesia (PCA) devices have been shown to provide superior analgesia and greater patient satisfaction compared with intermittent administration. System of wire-less PCA provides remote monitoring, information management and PCA devices with high precision. The purpose of this research is to determine whether dexamethasone might prolong the duration of analgesia and improve the short-time outcomes when administered for TPVB along with local anesthetic agents in elective thoracotomy. AN  - NCT02871193 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Ultrasound-guided Thoracic Paravertebral Block Using Ropivacaine With/Without Dexamethasone in Elective Thoracotomy TI  - Study of Ultrasound-guided Thoracic Paravertebral Block Using Ropivacaine With/Without Dexamethasone in Elective Thoracotomy
Feasibility of a Home-Based Cognitive-Physical Exercise Program in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) Patients: A Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial; Cognitive and physical function impairments are common in patients diagnosed with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD). Research has shown that cognitive and physical exercise training may be a beneficial strategy to improve physical and cognitive performance in COPD patients; however, interventions combining physical and cognitive training have not been evaluated in this population. The objectives of this research are i) to evaluate the feasibility of an 8-week home-based cognitive-physical training program in COPD patients; and ii) to derive preliminary estimates on intervention efficacy with cognitive-physical training on dual-task performance, physical function, activities of daily living, and health-related quality of life. Related to our research objectives, we hypothesize that i) it will be feasible to safely recruit COPD patients into a home-based cognitive physical training program with 75% adherence and high satisfaction ratings with the prescribed training; and that ii) the combination of cognitive and physical training will be superior to physical training alone for improving dual-task and cognitive performance, physical function, activities of daily living, and health-related quality of life. AN  - NCT05140226 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Cognitive and Physical Training in Patients With Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease Patients TI  - Feasibility of a Home-Based Cognitive-Physical Exercise Program in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) Patients: A Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial
Digital Strategies in Primary Cardiovascular Prevention in the Italian Population; The CV-PREVITAL study is a randomised clinical trial (RCT) controlled versus usual-care designed to compare the effectiveness of a mobile health (mHealth) intervention with that of usual care in reducing specific cardiovascular (CV) risk factors (in the short term) and the occurrence of vascular events (in the long term). Promoted by the Italian Network of Cardiology (ICN, a cardiovascular research network promoted by the Italian Ministry of Health), in collaboration with the Consorzio Sanità (Co.S., an Italian consortium of general practitioners), CV-PREVITAL aims to develop an innovative model of cardiovascular primary prevention and to validate it in a very large sample of subjects and in 'real life' conditions. AN  - NCT05339841 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Italian Digital Primary Cardiovascular Prevention Study (CV-PREVITAL) TI  - Digital Strategies in Primary Cardiovascular Prevention in the Italian Population
Geriatrician-performed Comprehensive Geriatric Care in Older Adults Referred to an Outpatient Community Rehabilitation Unit; The outpatient CGC model is developed, implemented and compared with usual care in a pragmatic RCT. AN  - NCT01506219 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Geriatrician-performed Comprehensive Geriatric Care in an Outpatient Community Rehabilitation Unit (GCGCCRU) TI  - Geriatrician-performed Comprehensive Geriatric Care in Older Adults Referred to an Outpatient Community Rehabilitation Unit
Biologic Mechanisms and Dosing of Active Music Engagement in Children With Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia and Parents; Music therapy has become a standard palliative care service in many pediatric and adult hospitals; however, a majority of music therapy research has focused on the use of music to improve psychosocial dimensions of health, without considering biological dimensions. This study builds on prior work examining the psychosocial mechanisms of action underlying an Active Music Engagement (AME) intervention, designed to help manage emotional distress and improve positive health outcomes in young children with cancer and parents, by examining its effects on biomarkers of stress and immune function. The purposes of this two group, randomized controlled trial are to examine biological mechanisms of effect and dose-response relationships of AME on child/parent stress during the consolidation phase of Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia (ALL) treatment. Specific aims are to: Aim 1. Establish whether AME lowers child and parent cortisol during ALL treatment. Aim 2. Examine cortisol as a mediator of AME effects on child and parent outcomes during ALL treatment. Aim 3 (exploratory). Examine the dose-response relationship of AME on child and parent cortisol during ALL treatment. Findings will provide a more holistic understanding about how active music interventions work to mitigate cancer-related stress and its potential to improve immune function, with direct implications for the evidence-based use of music to improve health. AN  - NCT04400071 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Biology and Benefits of Music Play and Stories for Kids/Parents During ALL Treatment TI  - Biologic Mechanisms and Dosing of Active Music Engagement in Children With Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia and Parents
Prospective Double-Cohort Study: Comparing Efficacy of Budesonide Via Delayed Release vs Immediate Release After Administration in the Lying Head Back Position; The aim of this study is to compare the efficacy of intranasal budesonide administration with lying head back position and a 5 mins time to release of medication (5MR) compared to 1 min time to release (1MR) in chronic rhinosinusitis patients (CRS). Participants will be instructed to administer via mucosal automatization device (MAD) with either of the two treatment approaches daily for 5 to 7 days per week and 8 weeks total. This is a crossover study design so each participants will be placed in the other treatment approach for an additional 8 weeks of treatment. Moreover, there will be a "washout" of 2 weeks after baseline assessment and before the first treatment, as well as a second "washout" of 2 weeks between the two treatment approaches. The participants will also complete study related procedures such as endoscopic evaluation, cultures, and two questionnaires throughout the study period. The investigators hypothesize that Budesonide delivered to the sinuses with a 5 minute time to release of medication will be more effective at decreasing inflammation when compared to a 1 minute time to release of medication after administration. AN  - NCT04476628 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Efficacy of Budesonide Via Delayed Release vs Immediate Release TI  - Prospective Double-Cohort Study: Comparing Efficacy of Budesonide Via Delayed Release vs Immediate Release After Administration in the Lying Head Back Position
Role of Genetic Polymorphism in Neuroplasticity Involved in Dysphagia Recovery; The purpose of this study is to assess the association of genetic polymorphism such as the Brain-derived Neurotrophic factor (BDNF), in neurogenic dysphagia in those with brain lesion. AN  - NCT03577444 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Role of Genetic Polymorphism in Neuroplasticity Involved in Dysphagia Recovery TI  - Role of Genetic Polymorphism in Neuroplasticity Involved in Dysphagia Recovery
A LONG-TERM, OPEN-LABEL EXTENSION STUDY OF TOFACITINIB (CP-690,550) FOR THE TREATMENT OF PSORIATIC ARTHRITIS; This study will include a sub-study to evaluate the efficacy, safety and tolerability of tofacitinib 5 mg BID administered as monotherapy after methotrexate withdrawal compared to tofacitinib 5 mg BID continued in combination with methotrexate. The sub-study will be available to subjects who have completed at least 24 months of participation in the open-label extension study and meet eligibility criteria for the sub-study. AN  - NCT01976364 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Open-Label Extension Study Of Tofacitinib In Psoriatic Arthritis (OPAL BALANCE) TI  - A LONG-TERM, OPEN-LABEL EXTENSION STUDY OF TOFACITINIB (CP-690,550) FOR THE TREATMENT OF PSORIATIC ARTHRITIS
Prednisolone and Vitamin B1, B6, and B12 in Patients With Post-COVID-19-Syndrome (PC19S) - a Randomized Controlled Trial in Primary Care; This is a multicenter, randomized, placebo controlled, double-blind phase III trial with four parallel groups studying studying the feasibility of RCT in primary care as well as the effectiveness of treatment with prednisolone and/or vitamin B1/6/12 for PC19S. AN  - NCT05638633 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Prednisolone and Vitamin B1/6/12 in Patients With Post-Covid-Syndrome (PreVitaCOV) TI  - Prednisolone and Vitamin B1, B6, and B12 in Patients With Post-COVID-19-Syndrome (PC19S) - a Randomized Controlled Trial in Primary Care
A Phase 3, Multicenter, Double-Blind, Randomized, Placebo-Controlled Study Evaluating the Safety and Efficacy of Baricitinib in Combination With Topical Corticosteroids in Adult Patients With Moderate-to-Severe Atopic Dermatitis Who Have Experienced Failure to Cyclosporine or Are Intolerant to, or Have Contraindication to, Cyclosporine; The purpose of this study is to determine the efficacy and safety of baricitinib in combination with topical corticosteroids in participants with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis who have experienced failure to cyclosporine or are intolerant to, or have contraindication to cyclosporine. AN  - NCT03428100 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Long-term Study of Baricitinib (LY3009104) With Topical Corticosteroids in Adults With Moderate to Severe Atopic Dermatitis That Are Not Controlled With Cyclosporine or for Those Who Cannot Take Oral Cyclosporine Because it is Not Medically Advisable (BREEZE-AD4) TI  - A Phase 3, Multicenter, Double-Blind, Randomized, Placebo-Controlled Study Evaluating the Safety and Efficacy of Baricitinib in Combination With Topical Corticosteroids in Adult Patients With Moderate-to-Severe Atopic Dermatitis Who Have Experienced Failure to Cyclosporine or Are Intolerant to, or Have Contraindication to, Cyclosporine
Reshaping the Path of Vascular Cognitive Impairment With Resistance Training; The investigators will conduct a proof-of-concept randomized controlled trial study to provide preliminary evidence of efficacy of a resistance exercise training program for maintaining white matter health and improving cognitive function in older adults with vascular cognitive impairment, defined as the presence of cognitive impairment combined with cerebral small vessel disease, compared with a stretch and relaxation program. AN  - NCT02669394 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Reshaping the Path of Vascular Cognitive Impairment (VCI) TI  - Reshaping the Path of Vascular Cognitive Impairment With Resistance Training
RESCUE-COPD 1 Randomised Trial of E-Health Platform Supported Care vs Usual Care After Exacerbation of COPD; The screening visits will comprise of written or verbal consent, Demographics, Medical, exacerbation and healthcare utilisation history, Quality of Life questionnaires, inhaler technique assessment and delivery of either a written self management plan. The telephone visits will comprise of verbal consent and completion of the COPD Assessment Test. The End of Study visit will comprise of verbal consent, Demographics, Medical, exacerbation and healthcare utilisation history, Quality of Life questionnaires and assessment of inhaler technique. AN  - NCT02706600 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Trial of E-Health Platform Supported Care vs Usual Care After Exacerbation of COPD (RESCUE) TI  - RESCUE-COPD 1 Randomised Trial of E-Health Platform Supported Care vs Usual Care After Exacerbation of COPD
The Usage of Neuropsychological Tests and Multi-mode Magnetic Resonance Imaging in Patients With Autoimmune Encephalitis for Cognitive Neural Mechanism; Hence, the goal of this study was to explore cognitive neural mechanism of autoimmune encephalitis by using neuropsychological tests and multi-mode MRIs. AN  - NCT03530462 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - To Explore Cognitive Neural Mechanism of Autoimmune Encephalitis by Using Neuropsychological Tests and Multi-modal MRI TI  - The Usage of Neuropsychological Tests and Multi-mode Magnetic Resonance Imaging in Patients With Autoimmune Encephalitis for Cognitive Neural Mechanism
"Transcutaneous Tibial Nerve Stimulation as a Conservative Treatment for Overactive Bladder Dysfunction -A Randomised Controlled Trial Comparing Home Versus Hospital Based Treatment"; On completion of 6 sessions, all participants will be contacted and asked to do a Patient Global Impression of Improvement Scale (PGIIS) and Patient Perception of Bladder Condition (PPBC). After 12 sessions (the final treatment session) all participants will be reviewed by the investigators in the hospital and the outcome measures repeated. Participants receiving home treatment will be posted out a 3 day bladder diary to complete. At this point the participants receiving home treatment will return the machine. All participants will complete and return a 72-hour bladder diary and validated questionnaires routinely used at the study centre to measure lower urinary tract symptoms - The International Consultation of Incontinence Modular Questionnaire - Female Lower Urinary Tract Symptoms (ICIQ-FLUTS) long form, the International Consultation of Incontinence Modular Questionnaire - Urinary Incontinence questionnaire (ICIQ-UI short-form. The Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS) and the European Quality of Life - 5D Questionnaire (EQ-5D) will also be measured. AN  - NCT03727711 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - TPTNS: Home vs Hospital Treatment for Overactive Bladder TI  - "Transcutaneous Tibial Nerve Stimulation as a Conservative Treatment for Overactive Bladder Dysfunction -A Randomised Controlled Trial Comparing Home Versus Hospital Based Treatment"
Holistic Wellbeing in COPD: The Communication About Sexuality (COSY) Randomized Controlled Trial; The aim of this study is to assess the effectiveness of a communication intervention about sexuality on quality of life and other outcomes like physical activity, exercise capacity and health status in people with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). AN  - NCT05696730 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Holistic Wellbeing in COPD: Communication About Sexuality (COSY) TI  - Holistic Wellbeing in COPD: The Communication About Sexuality (COSY) Randomized Controlled Trial
The MATCH Study: Mindfulness And Tai Chi for Cancer Health A Preference-Based Multi-Site Randomized Comparative Effectiveness Trial (CET) of Mindfulness-Based Cancer Recovery (MBCR) vs. Tai Chi/Qigong (TCQ) in Cancer Survivors; Hypotheses: The investigators theorize that both MBCR and TCQ will improve outcomes amongst survivors relative to treatment as usual, particularly if patients have a strong preference for a particular intervention. Specifically, the investigators hypothesize that MBCR may be superior to TCQ on measures related to stress and mood. Conversely, TCQ may be superior to MBCR in improvement of physical and functional measures. AN  - NCT02801123 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The MATCH Study: Mindfulness And Tai Chi for Cancer Health (MATCH) TI  - The MATCH Study: Mindfulness And Tai Chi for Cancer Health A Preference-Based Multi-Site Randomized Comparative Effectiveness Trial (CET) of Mindfulness-Based Cancer Recovery (MBCR) vs. Tai Chi/Qigong (TCQ) in Cancer Survivors
Randomized Clinical Trial of Exparel vs Pain Pump for Post-operative Pain Control After Total Shoulder Arthroplasty; Both arms will receive the same multimodal analgesia medications preoperatively. Celebrex 400mg PO, Gabapentin 600mg PO, Tylenol 1 gram PO, unless contraindicated. AN  - NCT04364867 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Exparel for Total Shoulder Arthroplasty TI  - Randomized Clinical Trial of Exparel vs Pain Pump for Post-operative Pain Control After Total Shoulder Arthroplasty
A Phase 3 Study Comparing Daratumumab, VELCADE (Bortezomib), Lenalidomide, and Dexamethasone (D-VRd) vs VELCADE, Lenalidomide, and Dexamethasone (VRd) in Subjects With Previously Untreated Multiple Myeloma Who Are Eligible for High-dose Therapy; Background of the study: The combination of daratumumab with VRd is anticipated to further improve response rates in patients and may lead to improved long-term outcomes in newly diagnosed patients with multiple myeloma. Given this potential, and based upon the initial safety and efficacy observed in the ongoing Phase 2 Study MMY2004, as well as continued positive results with daratumumab in various disease settings and combination regimens, this Phase 3 study is designed to demonstrate improved outcomes for patients treated with daratumumab+VRd. The Phase 3 study will utilize the subcutaneous (SC) formulation of daratumumab instead of the IV formulation utilized in the Phase 2 study, which may limit additional toxicity to patients treated with the quadruplet regimen. AN  - NCT03710603 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Daratumumab, VELCADE (Bortezomib), Lenalidomide and Dexamethasone Compared to VELCADE, Lenalidomide and Dexamethasone in Subjects With Previously Untreated Multiple Myeloma (Perseus) TI  - A Phase 3 Study Comparing Daratumumab, VELCADE (Bortezomib), Lenalidomide, and Dexamethasone (D-VRd) vs VELCADE, Lenalidomide, and Dexamethasone (VRd) in Subjects With Previously Untreated Multiple Myeloma Who Are Eligible for High-dose Therapy
Effect of an Individualized Home-based Physical Activity Trial on Carotid Plaque Vulnerability for Asymptomatic Patients; This study has been designed as a monocentric, longitudinal and interventional study. This study will involve one centre: Hopital Louis Pradel (HCL, Lyon). After inclusion tests, patients will be randomly included in the control group, or in the PA group. Patients of the PA group will have connected bracelets to measure daily count of steps. Twice a month, daily goals will be revaluated to increase or maintain the steps per day. The final goal is to reach 6 000 steps per day or increase by 30% the initial count of steps per day. Same tests will be done after 6 months of intervention for comparison. AN  - NCT04053166 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Individualized Physical Activity and Carotid Plaque Instability (PACAPh) TI  - Effect of an Individualized Home-based Physical Activity Trial on Carotid Plaque Vulnerability for Asymptomatic Patients
Contribution of Infectious Pathogens to Acute Respiratory Illness in Adults and Elderly; The aim of this study is to generate epidemiological data to further explore determinants of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) and the contribution of bacterial and viral pathogens to Acute Exacerbation of COPD (AECOPD) episodes. AN  - NCT01360398 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Infectious Pathogens in Acute Respiratory Illness in Adults and Elderly TI  - Contribution of Infectious Pathogens to Acute Respiratory Illness in Adults and Elderly
Multiprofessional Advance Care Planning and Shared Decision-making for End of Life Care MAPS Trial; The aim of this study is to develop, implement and test a complex intervention for improving patients' preparation for and participation in end of life decisions. In cooperation with local, national and international partners, the investigators will focus on strategies to enhance advance care planning and shared decision making on end of life issues, and documentation and transferability of end of life decisions across health care settings in coordinated approach involving patients, their families and care givers (in and out of hospital). AN  - NCT01914848 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Multiprofessional Advance Care Planning and Shared Decision Making for End of Life Care (MAPS) TI  - Multiprofessional Advance Care Planning and Shared Decision-making for End of Life Care MAPS Trial
A Phase 3, Multicenter, Randomized, Controlled, Open-label Study of VELCADE (Bortezomib) Melphalan-Prednisone (VMP) Compared to Daratumumab in Combination With VMP (D-VMP), in Subjects With Previously Untreated Multiple Myeloma Who Are Ineligible for High-Dose Therapy (Asia Pacific Region); The purpose of this study is to determine if the addition of daratumumab to VELCADE-melphalan-prednisone (VMP) will improve very good partial response (VGPR) or better compared with VMP alone. AN  - NCT03217812 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study of VELCADE (Bortezomib) Melphalan-Prednisone (VMP) Compared to Daratumumab in Combination With VMP (D-VMP), in Participants With Previously Untreated Multiple Myeloma Who Are Ineligible for High-Dose Therapy (Asia Pacific Region) TI  - A Phase 3, Multicenter, Randomized, Controlled, Open-label Study of VELCADE (Bortezomib) Melphalan-Prednisone (VMP) Compared to Daratumumab in Combination With VMP (D-VMP), in Subjects With Previously Untreated Multiple Myeloma Who Are Ineligible for High-Dose Therapy (Asia Pacific Region)
A Phase 3 Study Comparing Pomalidomide and Dexamethasone With or Without Daratumumab in Subjects With Relapsed or Refractory Multiple Myeloma Who Have Received at Least One Prior Line of Therapy With Both Lenalidomide and a Proteasome Inhibitor.; The purpose of this study is to evaluate the effects of the addition of daratumumab to pomalidomide and dexamethasone in terms of progression-free survival in subjects with relapsed or refractory Multiple Myeloma. AN  - NCT03180736 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Comparison of Pomalidomide and Dexamethasone With or Without Daratumumab in Subjects With Relapsed or Refractory Multiple Myeloma Previously Treated With Lenalidomide and a Proteasome InhibitorDaratumumab/Pomalidomide/Dexamethasone vs Pomalidomide/Dexamethasone (EMN14) TI  - A Phase 3 Study Comparing Pomalidomide and Dexamethasone With or Without Daratumumab in Subjects With Relapsed or Refractory Multiple Myeloma Who Have Received at Least One Prior Line of Therapy With Both Lenalidomide and a Proteasome Inhibitor.
A Randomized, Open, Parallel-group Study to Evaluate the Efficacy of Three Different Patient Management Strategies During a 12 Weeks Maintenance Phase Following an Initial 4-weeks Acute Treatment Phase in Subjects With Symptoms Thought to be GERD Related; To compare the efficacy of three different long-term treatment strategies of reflux disease in primary care setting. AN  - NCT00444275 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Nexium (Esomeprazole) in Symptom Adapted Therapy in GERD Patients (MAESTRO) TI  - A Randomized, Open, Parallel-group Study to Evaluate the Efficacy of Three Different Patient Management Strategies During a 12 Weeks Maintenance Phase Following an Initial 4-weeks Acute Treatment Phase in Subjects With Symptoms Thought to be GERD Related
A Multicenter Double-blind Randomized Controlled Trial of Systemic Corticosteroid Therapy in AECOPD Patients Admitted to Hospital With Higher Blood Eosinophil Levels; Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) is one of the top three causes of death worldwide now. Acute exacerbations (AEs) of COPD are a risk factor for lung function deterioration, poor quality of life, longer hospitalization, and increased mortality. To date, COPD is associated with a heavy clinical and socioeconomic burden, of which AEs of COPD account for a significant part of the cost of patients with COPD. Although several retrospective cohort studies and post-hoc analyses from randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that AECOPD patients with higher blood eosinophils had a shorter length of hospital stay (LOS), lower doses of corticosteroid use, and better response to systematic corticosteroid treatment than those with lower blood eosinophils, the efficacy of systematic corticosteroids in AECOPD patients with higher blood eosinophils has not been confirmed by RCTs. Therefore, this study aims to evaluate if AECOPD patients admitted to hospitals with higher blood eosinophil levels could benefit from systemic corticosteroid therapy. In this study, all eligible AECOPD participants with peripheral blood eosinophil blood count >2% or > 300 cells/μL will be randomly assigned (1:1) to either a control group or a systemic corticosteroid group. The control group will receive an oral placebo of 40mg/day for five consecutive days in addition to standard treatment during emergency admission or hospitalization. And systemic corticosteroid group will receive oral prednisone 40mg/day for five consecutive days and standard treatment. This study will provide evidence on using peripheral blood eosinophil blood count to guide corticosteroid therapy in AECOPD patients and help the clinician make an individual decision for each patient. AN  - NCT05059873 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Treatment Efficacy of Systemic Corticosteroids in AECOPD Patients With Higher Blood Eosinophil Levels TI  - A Multicenter Double-blind Randomized Controlled Trial of Systemic Corticosteroid Therapy in AECOPD Patients Admitted to Hospital With Higher Blood Eosinophil Levels
A Phase IV Multicentre, Open Label Study of Postmenopausal Women With Oestrogen Receptor Positive Locally Advanced or Metastatic Breast Cancer Treated With Everolimus (RAD001) in Combination With Exemestane, With Exploratory Epigenetic Marker Analysis; Determine the overall response rate (ORR) at 48 weeks to everolimus (RAD001, 10mg daily p.o.) and exemestane (25mg daily p.o.) treatment in postmenopausal women with oestrogen receptor positive breast cancer who have previous experienced recurrence or progression on non-steroidal aromatase inhibitor (NSAI) therapy. AN  - NCT01743560 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - An Open Label Study of Postmenopausal Women With Oestrogen Receptor Positive Locally Advanced or Metastatic Breast Cancer Treated With Everolimus (RAD001) With Exemestane, With Exploratory Epigenetic Marker Analysis (4EVERUK) TI  - A Phase IV Multicentre, Open Label Study of Postmenopausal Women With Oestrogen Receptor Positive Locally Advanced or Metastatic Breast Cancer Treated With Everolimus (RAD001) in Combination With Exemestane, With Exploratory Epigenetic Marker Analysis
Designing Optimal Prevention and Management of Postoperative Nausea and Emesis for Patients Undergoing Laparoscopic Sleeve Gastrectomy; Bariatric surgery remains the most effective therapy for obesity. Postoperative nausea and vomiting (PONV) are commonly reported following bariatric surgery. The proposed study focuses on the most common bariatric procedure performed, laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy (LSG), and aims to assess the effect of a post-operative nausea and vomiting-specific intervention. The investigators hypothesize that the intervention group will experience a reduction of nausea-related prolonged hospital stay and significantly improve patient-reported quality of recovery from surgery and quality of life. AN  - NCT03435003 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Designing Optimal Prevention and Management of Postoperative Nausea and Emesis for Patients Undergoing Laparoscopic Sleeve Gastrectomy TI  - Designing Optimal Prevention and Management of Postoperative Nausea and Emesis for Patients Undergoing Laparoscopic Sleeve Gastrectomy
Robotic Versus Open Pancreaticoduodenectomy for Pancreatic and Periampullary Tumors: A Multicenter Phase III Non-Inferiority Randomized Controlled Trial; This multicenter randomized trial aims to primarily assess and compare the functional recovery of patients who undergo open versus robotic pancreaticoduodenectomy for benign and malignant lesions of the head of the pancreas. AN  - NCT04400357 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Robotic Versus Open Pancreaticoduodenectomy for Pancreatic and Periampullary Tumors (PORTAL) TI  - Robotic Versus Open Pancreaticoduodenectomy for Pancreatic and Periampullary Tumors: A Multicenter Phase III Non-Inferiority Randomized Controlled Trial
Suprafascial Vancomycin Powder for Prevention of Surgical Site Infections After Instrumented Posterior Spinal Fusion; Surgical site infections (SSI) after spine surgery may occur in up to 12% of cases and can lead to increased morbidity, and healthcare costs In this randomized controlled trial the investigators aim to prospectively investigate the efficacy and safety of suprafascial intrawound vancomycin powder in reducing the rate of SSIs after instrumented spinal fusion surgery. Secondary aims of the study are the incidence of vancomycin-related complications, vancomycin-resistant bacterial infections in the treatment arm as well as the rate of revision surgeries due to SSIs. AN  - NCT04017468 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Suprafascial Vancomycin Powder for Prevention of Surgical Site Infections After Instrumented Posterior Spinal Fusion (VANCO) TI  - Suprafascial Vancomycin Powder for Prevention of Surgical Site Infections After Instrumented Posterior Spinal Fusion
The Role of Microbiota-gut-brain Axis as a Mediator in the Association Between Indoor Artificial Light at Night and the Relapse Risk of Schizophrenia: a Randomized, Crossover Trial; The study was divided into two stages. In the first stage, 10 wards were randomly selected as the intervention group (opaque black tape covering part of the light source), and another 10 wards were selected as the control group (no intervention). After a two-week washout interval, the second stage was carried out, with the two groups interchanging interventions. At the end of each intervention, participants completed a structured questionnaire scale to assess the relapse risk of schizophrenia, and then their fecal samples were collected. AN  - NCT05986409 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Indoor Artificial Light at Night and the Relapse Risk of Schizophrenia TI  - The Role of Microbiota-gut-brain Axis as a Mediator in the Association Between Indoor Artificial Light at Night and the Relapse Risk of Schizophrenia: a Randomized, Crossover Trial
Matching Adults to Treatments for Chronic Pain (MATCH) Study; The investigators have initiated a program of research to identify the factors that predict response to psychosocial pain treatments, including HYP-CT, MBCT, and CBT. Preliminary findings suggest that predictive markers such as brain activity (e.g., alpha and beta power, as measured by EEG), and the traits of mindfulness, hypnotizability, and catastrophizing, will predict who benefits most from different treatments. For example, post hoc analyses show that those who are "well-matched" to HYP-CT, based on the identified baseline moderators, achieve twice the amount of pain reduction with treatment, compared to those who are not well- matched. To confirm these findings, prospective research is now needed. The findings from this study will provide a foundation upon which to develop an assessment battery to identify critical values on which to base algorithms for a priori matching of individual patients to different treatments. This has the potential to substantially boost the typically modest average effect sizes that are achieved when using a more traditional "one size fits all" approach. AN  - NCT05699252 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Matching Adults to Treatments for Chronic Pain (MATCH) Study (MATCH) TI  - Matching Adults to Treatments for Chronic Pain (MATCH) Study
Screening for Colorectal Cancer in Average and High Risk Iraqi Population: A Pilot Study; The main objectives of the current pilot CRC screening project, named after "Al-Kindy College of Medicine", was to evaluate and explore the specific aspects of the intended population-based organized CRC screening programme, including: barriers affecting adherence to the programme, performance indicators of the proposed screening programme, the target population in which CRC screening is a legitimate healthcare priority, quality assurance of screening tests and colonoscopy services, and to propose an algorithm that will provide a clinically and logistically acceptable positivity rate. AN  - NCT04017845 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Screening for Colorectal Cancer in Average and High Risk Population TI  - Screening for Colorectal Cancer in Average and High Risk Iraqi Population: A Pilot Study
Effects of Dexamethasone Tapering Schedules on Functional Capacity and Neurocognition in Patients With Newly Diagnosed Glioblastoma Multiforme; All study endpoints will be assessed at three timepoints as follows: (1) initial assessment after surgery in the hospital, (2) second assessment at initial clinical visit at the Preston Robert Tisch Brain Tumor Center (PRT-BTC) at Duke, approximately 1 week post-operatively, and (3) third assessment at second clinical visit in the PRT-BTC at Duke, approximately 10 weeks post-operatively and after completion of radiotherapy. An additional fourth assessment will be obtained at 4 weeks post-operatively if the subject is undergoing radiotherapy here at Duke. AN  - NCT01169415 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effects of Steroid Tapering on Functional Capacity and Neurocognition TI  - Effects of Dexamethasone Tapering Schedules on Functional Capacity and Neurocognition in Patients With Newly Diagnosed Glioblastoma Multiforme
A PHASE 3, MULTICENTER, MULTINATIONAL, RANDOMIZED, OPEN-LABEL, PARALLEL-ARM STUDY OF AVELUMAB (MSB0010718C) PLUS BEST SUPPORTIVE CARE VERSUS BEST SUPPORTIVE CARE ALONE AS A MAINTENANCE TREATMENT IN PATIENTS WITH LOCALLY ADVANCED OR METASTATIC UROTHELIAL CANCER WHOSE DISEASE DID NOT PROGRESS AFTER COMPLETION OF FIRST-LINE PLATINUM-CONTAINING CHEMOTHERAPY; The main purpose of this study is to compare maintenance treatment with avelumab plus best supportive care (BSC) with BSC alone, to determine if avelumab has an effect on survival in patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial cancer that did not worsen during or following completion of first-line chemotherapy. AN  - NCT02603432 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study Of Avelumab In Patients With Locally Advanced Or Metastatic Urothelial Cancer (JAVELIN Bladder 100) TI  - A PHASE 3, MULTICENTER, MULTINATIONAL, RANDOMIZED, OPEN-LABEL, PARALLEL-ARM STUDY OF AVELUMAB (MSB0010718C) PLUS BEST SUPPORTIVE CARE VERSUS BEST SUPPORTIVE CARE ALONE AS A MAINTENANCE TREATMENT IN PATIENTS WITH LOCALLY ADVANCED OR METASTATIC UROTHELIAL CANCER WHOSE DISEASE DID NOT PROGRESS AFTER COMPLETION OF FIRST-LINE PLATINUM-CONTAINING CHEMOTHERAPY
A Randomized, Controlled, Multi-Centre Trial on the Effects of Dual-release Hydrocortisone Preparations Versus Conventional Glucocorticoid Replacement Therapy in Patients Affected by Primary and Secondary Adrenal Insufficiency. DREAM Trial.; This is a randomized, controlled, open, three-armed, multi-centre study designed to compare the effects of dual-release hydrocortisone preparations versus conventional glucocorticoid therapy on anthropometric parameters, metabolic syndrome, infectious, immunological profile, cardiovascular system, bone mass and quality of life in patients affected by primary or secondary adrenal insufficiency. AN  - NCT02277587 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Dual RElease Hydrocortisone Versus conventionAl Glucocorticoid replaceMent Therapy in Hypocortisolism (DREAM) (DREAM) TI  - A Randomized, Controlled, Multi-Centre Trial on the Effects of Dual-release Hydrocortisone Preparations Versus Conventional Glucocorticoid Replacement Therapy in Patients Affected by Primary and Secondary Adrenal Insufficiency. DREAM Trial.
A 12 WEEK RANDOMIZED, DOUBLE-BLIND, DOUBLE DUMMY, PARALLEL GROUP, ACTIVE AND PLACEBO-CONTROLLED, MULTICENTER STUDY TO ASSESS THE EFFICACY AND SAFETY PROFILE OF PF-06650833 IN SUBJECTS WITH ACTIVE RHEUMATOID ARTHRITIS WITH AN INADEQUATE RESPONSE TO METHOTREXATE; This is a Phase 2, multicenter, randomized, double blind, double dummy, placebo and active-controlled, parallel group study to assess the efficacy and safety of PF 06650833 at Week 12 in subjects with moderate-severe, active, RA who have had an inadequate response to MTX. PF-06650833 or matching placebo tablets will be administered orally QD under fasting conditions, and tofacitinib or matching tofacitinib placebo tablets will be administered orally BID for 12 weeks in a blinded fashion. AN  - NCT02996500 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Safety and Efficacy of Pf-06650833 In Subjects With Rheumatoid Arthritis, With An Inadequate Response To Methotrexate TI  - A 12 WEEK RANDOMIZED, DOUBLE-BLIND, DOUBLE DUMMY, PARALLEL GROUP, ACTIVE AND PLACEBO-CONTROLLED, MULTICENTER STUDY TO ASSESS THE EFFICACY AND SAFETY PROFILE OF PF-06650833 IN SUBJECTS WITH ACTIVE RHEUMATOID ARTHRITIS WITH AN INADEQUATE RESPONSE TO METHOTREXATE
A Randomized Comparison Between Perineural Dexamethasone and Perineural Mixture of Dexamethasone-Dexmedetomidine as Adjuvants for Ultrasound-Guided Infraclavicular Block; This study will compare perineural dexamethasone 2mg and perineural mixture of dexamethasone 2mg plus dexmedetomidine 50mcg DX plus DXD as adjuvants to local anesthetics for ultrasound-guided infraclavicular brachial plexus blocks (ICBs). The protocol is designed as a superiority trial and hypothesizes that the mixture of both drugs results in longer block duration. Furthermore, since analgesic and sensory duration can be influenced by the intake of pain medications and surgical trauma to small cutaneous nerves, respectively, motor block duration was selected as the main outcome to better target the action of both adjuvants on the brachial plexus. AN  - NCT04875039 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Dexametasone Versus Dexametasone Plus Dexmedetomidine in Nerve Blocks TI  - A Randomized Comparison Between Perineural Dexamethasone and Perineural Mixture of Dexamethasone-Dexmedetomidine as Adjuvants for Ultrasound-Guided Infraclavicular Block
Groningen Intervention Study for the Preservation of Cardiac Function With Sodium Thiosulfate After ST-segment Elevation Myocardial Infarction; Study design: a multicenter, double blind, randomized controlled clinical trial. A total of 380 patients, aged 18 years and above, undergoing primary PCI for a first STEMI and deemed amenable, by the investigator, to be treated with STS 12.5g intravenously (i.v.) or matched placebo immediately after arrival at the catheterization laboratory (cath-lab) and a repeated dose administered 6 hours after the first dose, on top of standard treatment. Primary endpoint is infarct size as measured with cardiac magnetic resonance imaging (CMR-imaging) 4 months after randomization. AN  - NCT02899364 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Sodium Thiosulfate to Preserve Cardiac Function in STEMI (GIPS-IV) TI  - Groningen Intervention Study for the Preservation of Cardiac Function With Sodium Thiosulfate After ST-segment Elevation Myocardial Infarction
The PREDMETH Trial: Effectiveness of Methotrexate Versus Prednisolone as First-line Therapy for Pulmonary Sarcoidosis - A Randomized Controlled Trial; This is a prospective, randomized, non-blinded, multi-center, non-inferiority trial designed to compare effectiveness and side-effects of methotrexate versus prednisolone as first-line therapy for pulmonary sarcoidosis.. AN  - NCT04314193 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effectiveness of Methotrexate Versus Prednisolone as First-line Therapy for Pulmonary Sarcoidosis (PREDMETH) TI  - The PREDMETH Trial: Effectiveness of Methotrexate Versus Prednisolone as First-line Therapy for Pulmonary Sarcoidosis - A Randomized Controlled Trial
Lycopene or Green Tea a Feasibility Study in Men at Risk of Prostate Cancer; PURPOSE: This randomized phase II trial is studying lycopene to see how well it works compared with green tea in preventing prostate cancer in patients previously enrolled in the ProtecT trial AN  - NCT01105338 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Lycopene or Green Tea for Men at Risk of Prostate Cancer (ProDiet) TI  - Lycopene or Green Tea a Feasibility Study in Men at Risk of Prostate Cancer
Parent-child Interactions, Child Developmental Health, and Health System Costs at 6 Months Corrected Age: Effectiveness of a Cluster Randomized Controlled Trial of Family Integrated Care in Level II NICUs; This follow-up study will enroll infants at 6 months CA (± 1 month) recruited to the original FICare randomized controlled trial (clinicaltrials.gov ID: NCT02879799) from four level II NICU sites; two intervention and two control. AN  - NCT03357458 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Parent-child Interactions, Child Developmental Health, and Health System Costs at 6 Months Corrected Age TI  - Parent-child Interactions, Child Developmental Health, and Health System Costs at 6 Months Corrected Age: Effectiveness of a Cluster Randomized Controlled Trial of Family Integrated Care in Level II NICUs
The Effects of Chiropractic Care on Neurophysiological Function, Immune Markers and Health-Related Quality of Life in Adults With Subclinical Spinal Pain Using AI Modelling; This study aims to investigate long term and retention (in a subgroup) effects of Chiropractic care (CC) on neurological, behavioral, immunological functions and health-related quality of life in adults with subclinical pain. AN  - NCT05369156 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Effects of Chiropractic Care in Adults With Subclinical Spinal Pain TI  - The Effects of Chiropractic Care on Neurophysiological Function, Immune Markers and Health-Related Quality of Life in Adults With Subclinical Spinal Pain Using AI Modelling
A Cluster-randomized Trial of Point-of-care PCR Diagnostics of Respiratory Tract Infections in General Practice; The present study will assess the effect and cost-effectiveness of the availability of point-of-care (POC) PCR testing, in respiratory tract infections (RTIs) in general practice, compared with usual care. AN  - NCT06120153 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Point of Care Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR) Diagnostics of Respiratory Tract Infections in General Practice TI  - A Cluster-randomized Trial of Point-of-care PCR Diagnostics of Respiratory Tract Infections in General Practice
Randomized Phase II Study Evaluating the Feasibility of a Chemotherapy With Docetaxel-Prednisone in a Weekly Schedule or Every 3 Weeks, for Castration-resistant Metastatic Prostate Cancer Elderly Patients (>=75), "Vulnerable" or "Frail" , as Defined by the Criteria of the International Society of Geriatric Oncology (SIOG); Additionally to this primary objective, efficacy will also be evaluated for both protocols as well as tolerance to treatment, quality of life and evolution of geriatric data. AN  - NCT01254513 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Feasibility of a Chemotherapy With Docetaxel-Prednisone for Castration-resistant Metastatic Prostate Cancer Elderly Patients (GERICO10) TI  - Randomized Phase II Study Evaluating the Feasibility of a Chemotherapy With Docetaxel-Prednisone in a Weekly Schedule or Every 3 Weeks, for Castration-resistant Metastatic Prostate Cancer Elderly Patients (>=75), "Vulnerable" or "Frail" , as Defined by the Criteria of the International Society of Geriatric Oncology (SIOG)
Motor Plasticity Enhancement of Spaced iTBS Trains: a Randomized, Placebo-controlled, Crossover Trial of D-cycloserine.; Does the N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor partial agonist D-Cycloserine stabilize motor plasticity across multiple daily sessions of TMS? AN  - NCT05081986 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Repeated iTBS Cycloserine Motor Plasticity TI  - Motor Plasticity Enhancement of Spaced iTBS Trains: a Randomized, Placebo-controlled, Crossover Trial of D-cycloserine.
Determining the Effectiveness of earLy Intensive Versus Escalation Approaches for the Treatment of Relapsing-Remitting Multiple Sclerosis; The DELIVER-MS study seeks to answer the question: Does early treatment with highly effective DMT improve the prognosis for people with MS? This is an area of significant controversy and no data currently exist to guide treatment choices for patients and clinicians. The study results will help guide overall treatment philosophy and will be applicable not only to a wide range of existing therapies but also to new therapies, meeting a significant unmet need in patient decision making and aiding the decision for medication approval by third parties. AN  - NCT03535298 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Determining the Effectiveness of earLy Intensive Versus Escalation Approaches for RRMS (DELIVER-MS) TI  - Determining the Effectiveness of earLy Intensive Versus Escalation Approaches for the Treatment of Relapsing-Remitting Multiple Sclerosis
SCHEDULE - Scandinavian Heart Transplant Everolimus de Novo Study With Early CNI Avoidance; A controlled, randomized, open-label, multicenter study evaluating if early initiation of everolimus and early elimination of cyclosporine in de novo heart transplant recipients can improve long-term renal function and slow down the progression of chronic allograft vasculopathy AN  - NCT01266148 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - SCHEDULE - Scandinavian Heart Transplant Everolimus de Novo Study With Early Calcineurin Inhibitor (CNI) Avoidance (SCHEDULE) TI  - SCHEDULE - Scandinavian Heart Transplant Everolimus de Novo Study With Early CNI Avoidance
Remote Heart Rhythm Monitoring Using Photoplethysmography-based Smartphone Technology for the Early Detection of Atrial Fibrillation and Adverse Events After Cardiac Surgery; The objective of the study is to evaluate the clinical consequences following the detection of postoperative atrial fibrillation or flutter (POAF) using a remote heart rhythm monitoring strategy with a photoplethysmography based smartphone technology in the early postoperative period after discharge. AN  - NCT05509517 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Clinical Trial of the Use of Remote Heart Rhythm Monitoring With a Smartphone After Cardiac Surgery (SURGICAL-AF 2) TI  - Remote Heart Rhythm Monitoring Using Photoplethysmography-based Smartphone Technology for the Early Detection of Atrial Fibrillation and Adverse Events After Cardiac Surgery
Inflammation, Stress and Social Behavior: Using Ecological Assessments and Model Systems to Enhance Relevance to Health Outcomes; The current study has been designed to identify behavioral and physiological mechanisms through which positive social connectivity (PCS) and negative social processes (NSP) interact with psychosocial stress to promote resilience in the context of illness. The investigators model inflammation (a central element of all disease states) through the use of treatment with interferon (IFN)-alpha, which provides a standardized regimen of chronic cytokine exposure known to produce profound behavioral disturbances, including depression, fatigue and sickness, in a high percentage of individuals. To objectively assess social processes, the current project will employ the Electronically Activated Recorder (EAR), which periodically and unobtrusively records snippets of ambient sounds in people's momentary environments. To objectively assess behavioral and physiological responses to psychosocial stress the current project will employ the Trier Social Stress Test (TSST), a standardized laboratory stressor known to reliably activate behavioral, neuroendocrine and inflammatory responses. These novel methodologies and model systems will be employed to test the hypotheses that (a) pre-existing affiliative and prosocial behavior will promote resilience in the context of chronic inflammation and that (b) -conversely-chronic inflammation will reduce affiliative and prosocial behavior via effects on stress reactivity, neuroendocrine function and sleep. Finally, it will explore (c) the potential mediating role of stress physiology. To test these hypotheses, 110 subjects with chronic hepatitis C virus infection will be randomized to receive treatment with pegylated IFN-alpha plus ribavirin or to postpone treatment for 6 weeks: 55 subjects at University of Arizona and 55 subjects at Emory University. Prior to randomization and 6 weeks later all subjects will be evaluated with the EAR and sleep actigraphy in their home environments and will undergo TSST and 14 hour diurnal neuroendocrine and immune measurement. AN  - NCT01625793 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Inflammation, Stress & Social Behavior: Using Ecological Assessments & Model Systems to Enhance Relevance to Health Outcomes TI  - Inflammation, Stress and Social Behavior: Using Ecological Assessments and Model Systems to Enhance Relevance to Health Outcomes
CONNected Electronic Inhalers Asthma Control Trial 2 ("CONNECT 2"), a 24-Week Treatment, Multicenter, Open-Label, Randomized, Parallel Group Comparison, Feasibility Study of Standard of Care Treatment Versus the eMDPI Digital System, to Optimize Outcomes in Patients at Least 13 Years of Age or Older With Asthma; The secondary objective is to describe the asthma management actions by investigational center health care providers (iHCPs) for all participants in both groups, to evaluate short-acting beta2 agonist (SABA) usage and the number of SABA-free days in the DS group, to evaluate adherence patterns to maintenance treatment (FS eMDPI) in the DS group, to assess behavioral correlates of responsiveness to digital health technology among participants for all participants in both groups, to evaluate work productivity and activity impairment in asthma participants in both groups, to assess the usability and acceptability of the DS by participants in the DS group and the investigational center personnel, and to evaluate the safety of FS eMDPI and Albuterol eMDPI. AN  - NCT04677959 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A 24-Week Treatment Study to Compare Standard of Care Versus the eMDPI DS in Participants 13 Years or Older With Asthma (CONNECT2) TI  - CONNected Electronic Inhalers Asthma Control Trial 2 ("CONNECT 2"), a 24-Week Treatment, Multicenter, Open-Label, Randomized, Parallel Group Comparison, Feasibility Study of Standard of Care Treatment Versus the eMDPI Digital System, to Optimize Outcomes in Patients at Least 13 Years of Age or Older With Asthma
A Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial of Efficacy of Perineural Local Anesthetics and Steroids for Chronic Post-traumatic Neuropathic Pain in the Ankle and the Foot: The PREPLAN Study; This is a small-scale study, and information obtained from this study will help in planning and conduct of a larger study with more participants. The larger study will help determine the best possible option for injection in patients with nerve-related injury pain. AN  - NCT02680548 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Pilot RCT of Efficacy of Perineural Local Anesthetics and Steroids for Chronic Post-traumatic Ankle and Foot Pain (PREPLANS) TI  - A Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial of Efficacy of Perineural Local Anesthetics and Steroids for Chronic Post-traumatic Neuropathic Pain in the Ankle and the Foot: The PREPLAN Study
A Randomized Comparison Between Perineural Dexamethasone and Perineural Dexmedetomidine as Adjuvants for Ultrasound-Guided Infraclavicular Blocks; Since analgesic and sensory duration can be influenced by factors different to block, motor block duration is the main outcome. The protocol is designed as an equivalency trial and hypothesize that both drugs result in similar durations. The equivalency margin is set at 3 hrs. AN  - NCT03610893 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Dexamethasone Versus Dexmedetomidine as Adjuvants for Nerve Blocks TI  - A Randomized Comparison Between Perineural Dexamethasone and Perineural Dexmedetomidine as Adjuvants for Ultrasound-Guided Infraclavicular Blocks
Evaluation of clINical reCovery After a Relapse: a Pilot Study assEssing the Neuronal Effects of D-Aspartate in RR-MS Subjects Treated With IntErferon Beta 1a 44 mcg TIW (INCREASE); The purpose of this study was to evaluate the improvement in spontaneous recovery from clinical deficits at the time of an acute relapse in RR-MS participants already receiving interferon (IFN) beta 1a with D-aspartate (versus placebo) as add-on therapy. AN  - NCT03387046 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Pilot Study in Participants With Relapsing Remitting Multiple Sclerosis (RR-MS) (INCREASE) TI  - Evaluation of clINical reCovery After a Relapse: a Pilot Study assEssing the Neuronal Effects of D-Aspartate in RR-MS Subjects Treated With IntErferon Beta 1a 44 mcg TIW (INCREASE)
Evaluation of the Physical and Emotional Effects of the COVID-19 Pandemic on Fibromyalgia Patients; In this study, the effects of the symptoms related to the diseases of patients with fibromyalgia during the COVID-19 pandemic, their limitations in their social and business life, the need for different drugs, stress levels and the effect of the pandemic on the disease activity will be evaluated. AN  - NCT04730934 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effects of the COVID-19 Pandemic on Fibromyalgia Patients TI  - Evaluation of the Physical and Emotional Effects of the COVID-19 Pandemic on Fibromyalgia Patients
A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Medication Trial With D-Cycloserine for Individuals With OCD Currently Receiving Behavior Therapy; This study will assess the effectiveness of Seromycin (D-cycloserine) in enhancing the positive effects of behavior therapy for people with Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder (OCD). AN  - NCT00182000 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effectiveness of D-Cycloserine as an Aid to Enhance Learning for Individuals With OCD Receiving Behavior Therapy TI  - A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Medication Trial With D-Cycloserine for Individuals With OCD Currently Receiving Behavior Therapy
Long-term Safety and Tolerability of TAK-881 in Subjects With Primary Immunodeficiency Diseases (PIDD); Participants will visit the clinic every 12 weeks until the End of Study (EOS) visit. AN  - NCT06076642 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study About the Long-Term Safety of TAK-881 in People With Primary Immunodeficiency Diseases TI  - Long-term Safety and Tolerability of TAK-881 in Subjects With Primary Immunodeficiency Diseases (PIDD)
REspiratory Syncytial Virus Consortium in EUrope (RESCEU) Study: Defining the Burden of Disease of Respiratory Syncytial Virus in Older Adults in Europe.; - RSV related hospitalization. AN  - NCT03621930 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - RESCEU Study, Defining the Burden of Disease of RSV in Older Adults TI  - REspiratory Syncytial Virus Consortium in EUrope (RESCEU) Study: Defining the Burden of Disease of Respiratory Syncytial Virus in Older Adults in Europe.
A Randomized, Double-Blind, Active-Controlled, Phase 3 Study of Chronocort Compared With Immediate-Release Hydrocortisone Replacement Therapy in Participants Aged 16 Years and Over With Congenital Adrenal Hyperplasia; This study is a randomized, double-blind, active-controlled, phase III study of Chronocort® compared with immediate-release hydrocortisone replacement therapy in participants aged 16 years and over with Congenital Adrenal Hyperplasia. AN  - NCT05063994 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Comparison of Chronocort Versus Standard Hydrocortisone Replacement Therapy in Participants Aged 16 Years and Over With Congenital Adrenal Hyperplasia (CONnECT) TI  - A Randomized, Double-Blind, Active-Controlled, Phase 3 Study of Chronocort Compared With Immediate-Release Hydrocortisone Replacement Therapy in Participants Aged 16 Years and Over With Congenital Adrenal Hyperplasia
The ALOHA Trial: Addressing Quality of Life, Clinical Outcomes, and Mechanisms in Uncontrolled Asthma Following the DASH Dietary Pattern; The primary outcome will be asthma-specific quality of life. If the DASH behavioral intervention is found to benefit people with uncontrolled asthma, it would provide a practical, safe, and acceptable public-health intervention in the form of dietary modification to reduce the burden of asthma. AN  - NCT05251402 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Addressing Quality of Life, Clinical Outcomes, and Mechanisms in Uncontrolled Asthma Following the DASH Dietary Pattern (ALOHA) TI  - The ALOHA Trial: Addressing Quality of Life, Clinical Outcomes, and Mechanisms in Uncontrolled Asthma Following the DASH Dietary Pattern
Hyperbaric Oxygen vs. Standard Pharmaceutical Therapies for Fibromyalgia Syndrome - Prospective, Randomized Crossover Clinical Trial; In the current study, the investigators plan to compare HBOT to current standard of care of FMS (pharmacological and non - pharmacological). AN  - NCT03325959 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Hyperbaric Oxygen Compared to Pharmaceutical Therapies for Fibromyalgia Syndrome (FMSRCT) TI  - Hyperbaric Oxygen vs. Standard Pharmaceutical Therapies for Fibromyalgia Syndrome - Prospective, Randomized Crossover Clinical Trial
The Influence of Intraoperative Magnesium Sulfate Administration on Postoperative Morphine Requirement in Living Donor During Orthotopic Liver Transplantation; The aim of study is to assess the effect of intraoperative use of magnesium sulfate in liver donating patients in reducing post-operative morphine requirements in early postoperative 24 hour in adult living liver donor.The authors hypothesize that magnesium sulfate can be used to efficiently reduce postoperative morphine consumption in the early 24 hours postoperatively as evident in other surgery types. AN  - NCT03717467 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Intraoperative Magnesium Sulfate Administration During Orthotopic Liver Transplantation TI  - The Influence of Intraoperative Magnesium Sulfate Administration on Postoperative Morphine Requirement in Living Donor During Orthotopic Liver Transplantation
Cognitive Effects of Androgen Receptor (AR) Directed Therapies for Advanced Prostate Cancer; This clinical trial studies cognitive function in men with prostate cancer treated with androgen receptor directed therapies such as abiraterone acetate and enzalutamide. The investigators use MRI imaging (non-invasive, non-contrast) to see whether there are changes in brain structure or activity related to treatment that may be related to changes in cognitive function. The investigators are also looking for genetic variations that might make patients more or less sensitive to cognitive changes during treatment for prostate cancer. AN  - NCT03016741 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Cognitive Effects of Androgen Receptor Directed Therapies for Advanced Prostate Cancer TI  - Cognitive Effects of Androgen Receptor (AR) Directed Therapies for Advanced Prostate Cancer
Non-Interventional Study Investigating the Use of Golimumab (Simponi®) in Patients With Rheumatoid Arthritis, Psoriatic Arthritis, and Ankylosing Spondylitis; This is a study to assess the use of golimumab (Simponi®) in participants with rheumatoid arthritis, psoriatic arthritis, and ankylosing spondylitis. The study objective is to evaluate the clinical safety of golimumab (Simponi®) under real-life, clinical practice conditions as assessed by the incidence and type of (serious) adverse events and changes in clinical status of participants as assessed by clinical parameters. AN  - NCT01313858 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study to Investigate the Use of Golimumab (Simponi®) in Participants With Rheumatoid Arthritis, Psoriatic Arthritis and Ankylosing Spondylitis (P06554) (GO-NICE) TI  - Non-Interventional Study Investigating the Use of Golimumab (Simponi®) in Patients With Rheumatoid Arthritis, Psoriatic Arthritis, and Ankylosing Spondylitis
Acute Unilateral Vestibulopathy and Corticosteroid Treatment; Vestibular function as well as subjective symptoms will be estimated in the acute stage and regularly up to one year after the debut. AN  - NCT02912182 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Acute Unilateral Vestibulopathy and Corticosteroid Treatment TI  - Acute Unilateral Vestibulopathy and Corticosteroid Treatment
Chinese Nutritional Risk Screening and Intervention Registration Study in Geriatric Patients; This study is a multi-center observational study, led by the Department of Geriatrics, Peking Union Medical College Hospital, with 99 tertiary hospitals as sub-centers. Patients in the geriatrics department from September 2020 to September 2021 are consecutively enrolled .Basic information and nutritional risk assessment is registered and the outcome within 90 days after hospitalization will be recorded.Daily energy, protein and fiber are 75% of the target amount as the standard for feeding. AN  - NCT04751032 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Chinese Nutritional Risk Screening and Intervention Registration Study in Geriatric Patients (CNRSIS) TI  - Chinese Nutritional Risk Screening and Intervention Registration Study in Geriatric Patients
A Study of Thalidomide, Bendamustine and Dexamethasone (BTD) Versus Bortezomib, Bendamustine and Dexamethasone (BBD) in Patients With Renal Failure Defined as a GFR Below 30 Mls/Min; The purpose of this study is to compare the effectiveness of bortezomib versus thalidomide in reducing free light chains in the blood of myeloma patients. In addition participants will receive bendamustine (chemotherapy) and dexamethasone (steroids), which increase the effectiveness of both bortezomib and thalidomide. The trial will also study whether an earlier reduction of free light chains increases the chances of the kidneys recovering. AN  - NCT02424851 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Optimising Renal Outcome in Myeloma Renal Failure (OPTIMAL) TI  - A Study of Thalidomide, Bendamustine and Dexamethasone (BTD) Versus Bortezomib, Bendamustine and Dexamethasone (BBD) in Patients With Renal Failure Defined as a GFR Below 30 Mls/Min
Efficacy and Safety Evaluation of Rifaximin Combined Fecal Microbiota Transplantation in the Treatment of Irritable Bowel Syndrome With Predominant Diarrhea; The purpose of this study is to evaluate the efficacy as well as safety of rifaximin combined fecal microbiota transplantation(Gut microbiota reconstruction) in the treatment of IBS-D. AN  - NCT02651740 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Gut Microbiota Reconstruction in the Treatment of Irritable Bowel Syndrome With Predominant Diarrhea TI  - Efficacy and Safety Evaluation of Rifaximin Combined Fecal Microbiota Transplantation in the Treatment of Irritable Bowel Syndrome With Predominant Diarrhea
Randomized Prospective Multi Center Cohort Study for Primary Diagnosis of Clinically Significant Prostate Cancer with Combination of PSA/DRE and Multi Parametric Magnetic Resonance Imaging; This randomized prospective multi center study is designed to confirm a new diagnostic pathway in primary diagnosis of clinically significant prostate cancer by combination of serum levels of prostate specific antigen (PSA), digitorectal examination (DRE), and multiparametric magnetic resonance imaging (mpMRI). Men at the age of 50 to 75 with an elevated PSA (>= 4 ng/ml) and /or suspicious DRE receive an upfront multi parametric MRI. Only men with MRI results suspicious of clinically significant prostate cancer will be biopsied. Those will be randomized into arm A and arm B. Arm A undergoes only targeted MRI/US fusion-guided biopsies (= TB with a maximum of 3 targets and 2 cores per target). Arm B receives systematic biopsies (= SB with 12 biopsy cores) and TB. Men with normal mpMRI will be observed in a structured manner but will not be biopsied (arms C and D). The primary objective comprises the demonstration of non-inferiority of the detection clinically significant prostate cancer (ISUP grade group 1) of TB (arm A) compared to TB+SB (arm B). Overall, our study aims to improve patient care by reducing the number of patients biopsied, by reducing the number of biopsy cores per patient, and by lowering the risk of overdiagnosis of indolent prostate cancer. The results of this study will directly influence clinical practice, will have a positive impact on patients' lives, and will lower the financial burden due to reduced overdiagnosis and over treatment. AN  - NCT04993508 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Randomized Prospective Multi Center Cohort Study for Primary Diagnosis of Clinically Significant Prostate Cancer with Combination of PSA/DRE and Multi Parametric Magnetic Resonance Imaging (PRIMA) TI  - Randomized Prospective Multi Center Cohort Study for Primary Diagnosis of Clinically Significant Prostate Cancer with Combination of PSA/DRE and Multi Parametric Magnetic Resonance Imaging
A Prospective Pilot Study of Home Monitoring in Adults With Cystic Fibrosis (HOMECF); Subjects will be recruited at the West Midlands Adult CF Centre in Birmingham. The research team are well placed to carry out the study because it is a large regional adult CF centre with an excellent record of conducting clinical research. AN  - NCT02994706 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study of Home Monitoring in Adults With Cystic Fibrosis (HOMECF) (HOME-CF) TI  - A Prospective Pilot Study of Home Monitoring in Adults With Cystic Fibrosis (HOMECF)
PROspective Master-protocol for Evaluation of Systemic THErapeutics in Elderly; - answer three quality of life questionnaires AN  - NCT06646471 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - PROspective Master-protocol for Evaluation of Systemic THErapeutics in Elderly With Thoracic Malignancies (PROMETHEE) TI  - PROspective Master-protocol for Evaluation of Systemic THErapeutics in Elderly
SMART Embedded Intervention for Military Postsurgical Engagement Readiness; The overarching objective of this proposal is to conduct a multi-site Sequential Multiple Assignment Randomized Trial (SMART) across multiple Military Health System (MHS) sites to optimize the sequencing and integration of two intervention strategies in total knee arthoplasty (TKA) patients: a single-session mindfulness-based intervention (MBI) and an intensive 8-week MBI-Mindfulness-Oriented Recovery Enhancement (MORE) designed to simultaneously reduce prolonged pain and chronic opioid use by enhancing self-regulation. Aim 1: Evaluate the extent to which a brief preoperative MBI improves TKA patients' postoperative musculoskeletal health and reduces chronic opioid use. Aim 2: Evaluate the extent to which an intensive MBI (MORE) improves musculoskeletal health and reduces chronic opioid use among patients non-responsive to preoperative intervention. Aim 3: (A) Determine patient baseline characteristics that moderate MBI treatment responses. (B) Quantify the degree to which the impact of Phase 1 and 2 MBIs on musculoskeletal health and opioid dose are mediated by changes in mechanistic autonomic marker of self-regulation: heart-rate variability (HRV). AN  - NCT05050409 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - SMART Embedded Intervention for Military Postsurgical Engagement Readiness (SEMPER) TI  - SMART Embedded Intervention for Military Postsurgical Engagement Readiness
Comparison of the Two Different Doses of Dexamethasone on Persistent Mastectomy Pain; This study evaluates the effect of dexamethasone on persistent surgical pain after mastectomy operations. Half of the participants will receive 0.1 mg/kg dexamethasone and the other half will receive 0.2 mg/kg dexamethasone. AN  - NCT02551133 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Comparison of Dexamethasone Doses on Persistent Postmastectomy Pain TI  - Comparison of the Two Different Doses of Dexamethasone on Persistent Mastectomy Pain
Austrian Myeloid Registry; The Austrian Myeloid Registry (aMYELOIDr) is a non-interventional study. It collects data from patients with the myeloid diseases, primarily myelodysplastic syndromes (MDS), chronic myelomonocytic leukemia (CMML) and acute myeloid leukemia (AML).The aMYELOIDr is multi-center database collecting data at various sites in Austria and potentially also at other centers in other countries in future. The registry has an electronic case report form (eCRF), where all data is entered by clinical trial personnel and/or physicians. It is set up to collect real-world experience in the management of patients with these diseases in Austria. AN  - NCT04438889 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Austrian Myeloid Registry (aMYELOIDr) TI  - Austrian Myeloid Registry
Effect of Muscular Tissue Oxygen Saturation-Guided Management During Laparoscopic Hysterectomy on Postoperative Nausea and Vomiting: A Randomized Controlled Trial (iMODIPONV); This randomized controlled trial is to investigate if SmtO2-guided management on top of the usual care, compared with the usual care only, during laparoscopic hysterectomy significantly reduces the incidence of PONV. AN  - NCT03641625 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effect of SmtO2 Guided Care on PONV (iMODIPONV) (iMODIPONV) TI  - Effect of Muscular Tissue Oxygen Saturation-Guided Management During Laparoscopic Hysterectomy on Postoperative Nausea and Vomiting: A Randomized Controlled Trial (iMODIPONV)
Pulse Dexamethasone in Focal Segmental Glomerulosclerosis; Patients who achieve remission (whose urine protein levels decrease to normal) before completing the 8 months of dexamethasone will take one more dose and then stop therapy, but continue with follow-up. Patients who achieve remission but relapse may be offered a second course of treatment. AN  - NCT00004990 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Once-A-Month Steroid Treatment for Patients With Focal Segmental Glomerulosclerosis TI  - Pulse Dexamethasone in Focal Segmental Glomerulosclerosis
Translational Approach to the Understanding and Treatment of Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder (OCD). Can D-Cycloserine Enhance and Stabilize the Treatment-response in Relapsed and Non-responding OCD-patients? A Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled National Study; The project expects to demonstrate a significant improvement in all groups, and anticipate that a higher proportion of the patients who receive DCS will show a better long-term gain from the treatment, as compared to the placebo group at follow-up (3 mon, 12 mon, and 5 years after treatment). In addition, the project will highlight changes in depression, sleep, global functioning, quality of life, work and social status. Changes in medication and use of health care will be included and related to the main objective of the study. AN  - NCT02656342 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Translational Approach to the Understanding and Treatment of Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder (OCD). Can D-Cycloserine Enhance and Stabilize the Treatment-response in Relapsed and Non-responding OCD-patients? TI  - Translational Approach to the Understanding and Treatment of Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder (OCD). Can D-Cycloserine Enhance and Stabilize the Treatment-response in Relapsed and Non-responding OCD-patients? A Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled National Study
Optimizing Prevention of Hospital-acquired Disability Through Integrated Multidomain Interventions: the Age-IT Project; - Attend outpatient clinics for follow-up assessment at 3 and 6 months. AN  - NCT06611228 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Optimizing Prevention of Hospital-Acquired Disability Through Multidomain Interventions (OPTIMAge-IT) TI  - Optimizing Prevention of Hospital-acquired Disability Through Integrated Multidomain Interventions: the Age-IT Project
In-Home Sensor Monitoring of Older Adults With Cancer: A Pilot Study; The investigators propose a pilot study of monitoring a sample of 6 older patients receiving active cancer treatment over a period of 6 months with in-home sensor monitors installed and maintained by Foresite Healthcare. The investigators also propose exploring the beliefs and attitudes of those who are not willing to allow in-home sensor monitoring by asking them to complete a brief survey related to in-home sensor monitoring. The investigators hypothesize that patients will find the equipment acceptable and unintrusive, that changes in home-monitored patient parameters will precede clinical events and that patient trajectories will be more fully characterized with the in home sensors. AN  - NCT04306783 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - In-Home Sensor Monitoring of Older Adults With Cancer TI  - In-Home Sensor Monitoring of Older Adults With Cancer: A Pilot Study
Impact of Citalopharm and Fluvoxamine on Platelet Response to Clopidogrel, a Randomized, Double-blind, Crossover Trial; Study design: randomized, double blinded, controlled crossover trial. Primary study end point: Change in % platelet aggregation and VASP phosphorylation after treatment with clopidogrel + fluvoxamine or clopidogrel + citalophram as compared to each drug alone. AN  - NCT01396720 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Impact of Citalopharm and Fluvoxamine on Platelet Response to Clopidogrel TI  - Impact of Citalopharm and Fluvoxamine on Platelet Response to Clopidogrel, a Randomized, Double-blind, Crossover Trial
Effect of D-cycloserine on a Short Imagery Rescripting Intervention for Subclinical PTSD; This study aims to investigate the utility of d-cycloserine (DCS) for enhancing the effect of a novel psychosocial intervention, imagery rescripting (ImRs), in adults with mild to moderate PTSD symptoms after experiencing a traumatic event such as sexual or physical assault, serious accident, etc. Participants will receive 4 sessions of either cognitive behavioral therapy with imagery rescripting or cognitive behavioral therapy with imaginal exposure and will receive study medication (DCS or Pill placebo) prior to Session 2 and Session 3. AN  - NCT03216356 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effect of D-cycloserine on a Short Imagery Rescripting Intervention for Subclinical PTSD TI  - Effect of D-cycloserine on a Short Imagery Rescripting Intervention for Subclinical PTSD
Impact of Wild Blueberries (Vaccinium Myrtillus) on the Intestinal Barrier, Microbiome and Inflammation in Chronic Colitis - a Prospective Randomized Crossover Study; - document their intake of blueberry powder as well as their symptoms and stool frequencies in a diary throughout the study participation AN  - NCT06698601 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Wild Blueberries in Colitis (BlueVantage) TI  - Impact of Wild Blueberries (Vaccinium Myrtillus) on the Intestinal Barrier, Microbiome and Inflammation in Chronic Colitis - a Prospective Randomized Crossover Study
Early Diagnostic BioMARKers in Exacerbations of COPD: the MARKED Study; It is anticipated that complex biomarker panels, rather than a single biomarker, will be identified. Since AECOPD are heterogeneous events in terms of origin, trigger, severity, duration, need for treatment and overall clinical presentation (1, 6, 10-15), we expect to identify different biomarker panels for different subtypes of AECOPD. Furthermore, AECOPD diagnosis relies heavily on the exclusion of differential diagnoses (1), which further rules out the potential of a single predictive AECOPD biomarker. AN  - NCT05315674 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Markers of COPD Exacerbations (MARKED) TI  - Early Diagnostic BioMARKers in Exacerbations of COPD: the MARKED Study
Electrochemotherapy With Carboplatinum Plus Bleomycin Versus Bleomycin Alone in Vulvar Cancer: the ElechtraPlatinum Study. A Randomized Controlled Trial; - To compare costs and cost-effectiveness between the two study arms. AN  - NCT05395962 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Electrochemotherapy With Carboplatinum Plus Bleomycin Versus Bleomycin Alone in Vulvar Cancer (Elechtra) TI  - Electrochemotherapy With Carboplatinum Plus Bleomycin Versus Bleomycin Alone in Vulvar Cancer: the ElechtraPlatinum Study. A Randomized Controlled Trial
Prospective Observational Study on Stelara Assessing Efficacy and Healthcare Resource Utilization in Crohn's Disease (PROSE); The main purpose of this study is to assess ustekinumab's ability to induce clinical response and remission ("effectiveness") at Week 16 and remission at Week 52 and Week 104 in participants with Crohn's disease (CD). Response and remission will be assessed using clinical parameters. Retention rate at week 52 and 104 will also be studied. AN  - NCT03495973 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Prospective Observational Study on Ustekinumab (Stelara) Assessing Efficacy and Healthcare Resource Utilization in Crohn's Disease (PROSE) TI  - Prospective Observational Study on Stelara Assessing Efficacy and Healthcare Resource Utilization in Crohn's Disease (PROSE)
Phase II Pilot Study of Brentuximab Vedotin, Rituximab and Dose Attenuated CHP in Elderly Patients With DLBCL; This is a study incorporating brentuximab vedotin and dose attenuated rituximab, cyclophosphamide, doxorubicin, and prednisone (R-CHP) into initial therapy for elderly patients with DLBCL. Vincristine will be omitted from the standard R-CHOP regimen given the overlapping toxicities with brentuximab vedotin. AN  - NCT02734771 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study of Brentuximab Vedotin, Rituximab, and Dose Attenuated CHP in Elderly Patients With Diffuse Large B-Cell Lymphoma (DLBCL) (BV mini CHP) TI  - Phase II Pilot Study of Brentuximab Vedotin, Rituximab and Dose Attenuated CHP in Elderly Patients With DLBCL
A Phase 3, Multicenter, Randomized, Double-blind Study to Compare the Efficacy and Safety of Oral Azacitidine Plus Best Supportive Care Versus Placebo Plus Best Supportive Care in Subjects With Red Blood Cell Transfusion-dependent Anemia and Thrombocytopenia Due to IPSS Lower-risk Myelodysplastic Syndromes.; Evaluation of the Efficacy and Safety of Oral Azacitidine plus Best Supportive care versus Placebo and Best Supportive care in subjects with red blood cell (RBC) transfusion-dependent anemia and thrombocytopenia due to International Prognostic Scoring System (IPSS) lower risk myelodysplastic syndromes (MDS). AN  - NCT01566695 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Efficacy and Safety of Oral Azacitidine Plus Best Supportive Care Versus Placebo and Best Supportive Care in Subjects With Red Blood Cell (RBC) Transfusion-Dependent Anemia and Thrombocytopenia Due to International Prognostic Scoring System (IPSS) Low Risk Myelodysplastic Syndrome (MDS) TI  - A Phase 3, Multicenter, Randomized, Double-blind Study to Compare the Efficacy and Safety of Oral Azacitidine Plus Best Supportive Care Versus Placebo Plus Best Supportive Care in Subjects With Red Blood Cell Transfusion-dependent Anemia and Thrombocytopenia Due to IPSS Lower-risk Myelodysplastic Syndromes.
A Randomized Double-blinded Placebo-controlled Outpatient Clinical Trial in High Risk Population Confirmed COVID-19 Patients Using Ivermectin and Doxycycline to Prevent COVID-19 Illness-related Hospitalization (COVIVER-OUT PLUS); The purpose of this Clinical trial is to explore the therapeutic benefits of Ivermectin and Doxycycline in different combinations in high risk patients diagnosed with COVID-19. AN  - NCT04729140 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - An Outpatient Clinical Trial Using Ivermectin and Doxycycline in COVID-19 Positive Patients at High Risk to Prevent COVID-19 Related Hospitalization TI  - A Randomized Double-blinded Placebo-controlled Outpatient Clinical Trial in High Risk Population Confirmed COVID-19 Patients Using Ivermectin and Doxycycline to Prevent COVID-19 Illness-related Hospitalization (COVIVER-OUT PLUS)
A Randomized Controlled Trial of Dexamethasone for Dyspnea in Cancer Patients; This phase II trial studies how well dexamethasone works in controlling dyspnea in patients with cancer. Dexamethasone may help control dyspnea (shortness of breath) and improve lung function and quality of life in cancer patients. AN  - NCT03367156 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Dexamethasone in Controlling Dyspnea in Patients With Cancer TI  - A Randomized Controlled Trial of Dexamethasone for Dyspnea in Cancer Patients
A Pilot Study Using Gradual Virtual Reality Exposure Therapy and D-Cycloserine (DCS) for Treatment of Combat Related Psychological Trauma in Burn Service Members; 2. By the completion of VRE, Ss will attain scores in the sub-clinical range for measures of clinical depression Hypothesis 2: SMs will report greater life satisfaction following completion of VR+DCS treatment, as measured by scores on the Quality of Life Inventory (QOLI) when compared to pre-treatment scores AN  - NCT00855153 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Virtual Reality and D-Cycloserine in Combat Related Psycological Trauma in Burn Service Members TI  - A Pilot Study Using Gradual Virtual Reality Exposure Therapy and D-Cycloserine (DCS) for Treatment of Combat Related Psychological Trauma in Burn Service Members
D-cycloserine Adjunctive Treatment for PTSD in Adolescents; The purpose of this study is to show whether D-cycloserine in combination with cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) is more effective than CBT plus placebo to reduce symptoms of posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) in 13-18 year-old children. AN  - NCT01157429 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - D-cycloserine Adjunctive Treatment for Posttraumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) in Adolescents TI  - D-cycloserine Adjunctive Treatment for PTSD in Adolescents
Asthma: Phenotyping Exacerbations 3; The study is planned to last for 2.5 years, with a recruitment period of 18 months, and will include 100 participants with acute asthma. AN  - NCT05446090 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Asthma: Phenotyping Exacerbations 3 (APEX3) TI  - Asthma: Phenotyping Exacerbations 3
A Phase 3, Multicenter, Randomized, Open Label Study of Venetoclax and Dexamethasone Compared With Pomalidomide and Dexamethasone in Subjects With t(11;14)-Positive Relapsed or Refractory Multiple Myeloma; A study designed tocompare progression-free survival (PFS) in participants with t(11;14)-positive MM treated with venetoclax in combination with dexamethasone versus pomalidomide in combination with dexamethasone. AN  - NCT03539744 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study Designed to Evaluate the Safety and Efficacy of Venetoclax Plus Dexamethasone (VenDex) Compared With Pomalidomide Plus Dexamethasone (PomDex) in Participants With t(11;14)-Positive Relapsed or Refractory Multiple Myeloma. TI  - A Phase 3, Multicenter, Randomized, Open Label Study of Venetoclax and Dexamethasone Compared With Pomalidomide and Dexamethasone in Subjects With t(11;14)-Positive Relapsed or Refractory Multiple Myeloma
Longitudinal Study Evaluating Postpartum Recovery After Scheduled Cesarean Delivery With the Obstetric Quality of Recovery Tool; The purpose of this research is to describe how patients recover after scheduled C-section for the first 3 months. AN  - NCT04462107 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Longitudinal Study Evaluating Recovery After Scheduled Cesarean Delivery TI  - Longitudinal Study Evaluating Postpartum Recovery After Scheduled Cesarean Delivery With the Obstetric Quality of Recovery Tool
The Skin Microbiome in Graft Versus Host Disease Dynamics of the Skin-microbiota After Allogeneic Stem Cell Transplantation - a Predictive Marker for Graft Versus Host Disease?; Based on the evidence on the impact of the intestinal microbiome on the Graft Versus Host Disease (GVHD) after allogeneic Hematopoietic Stem Cell Transplantation (allo-HSCT), it is hypothesized that the skin-microbiome may play a role in cutaneous GVHD as well. Therefore, this study aims at investigating the skin-microbiota of patients with GVHD after allo-HSCT and of patients without GVHD after allo-HSCT. AN  - NCT04231500 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Skin Microbiome in Graft Versus Host Disease TI  - The Skin Microbiome in Graft Versus Host Disease Dynamics of the Skin-microbiota After Allogeneic Stem Cell Transplantation - a Predictive Marker for Graft Versus Host Disease?
Multicenter Pilot Clinical Study of Adjuvant Chemotherapy for Subjects Over 70 Years: Impact on the Independence and Quality of Life of the Administration of Anthracycline-Based Chemotherapy in Adjuvant Setting for Patients Presenting With Immediately Operable Breast Cancer, Hormone Receptor Negative (RH-), and Lymph Node Positive (pN+) or pN0 But of Scarff-Bloom-Richardson* Grade III and ≥ 2cm [GERICO]; PURPOSE: This phase II trial is studying how well giving doxorubicin together with cyclophosphamide works in treating older women with stage I , stage II, or stage III breast cancer that has been removed by surgery. AN  - NCT00424203 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Doxorubicin and Cyclophosphamide in Treating Older Women With Stage I, Stage II, or Stage III Breast Cancer That Has Been Removed By Surgery TI  - Multicenter Pilot Clinical Study of Adjuvant Chemotherapy for Subjects Over 70 Years: Impact on the Independence and Quality of Life of the Administration of Anthracycline-Based Chemotherapy in Adjuvant Setting for Patients Presenting With Immediately Operable Breast Cancer, Hormone Receptor Negative (RH-), and Lymph Node Positive (pN+) or pN0 But of Scarff-Bloom-Richardson* Grade III and ≥ 2cm [GERICO]
Comparisons of Different Forms of Glucocorticoid on the Recovery of Reproductive Function in Patients With 21α-hydroxylase Deficiency; The purpose of this study is to conduct an open, randomized controlled clinical trial, evaluating the effects of different dosage forms of glucocorticoid on the Recovery of Reproductive Function in Patients With 21α-hydroxylase Deficiency. AN  - NCT04536662 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Comparisons of Different Forms of Glucocorticoid on the Recovery of Reproductive Function in Patients With 21α-hydroxylase Deficiency (CGP21) TI  - Comparisons of Different Forms of Glucocorticoid on the Recovery of Reproductive Function in Patients With 21α-hydroxylase Deficiency
Efficacy Study of a Selective Chest Wall Restriction Belt in Postoperative of Lung Resection. A Multicenter, Prospective, Controlled, Randomized Study With Stratification on the Surgical Approach, Open With a Blind Analysis; The hypothesis is that the use of this medical device would reduce the postoperative pain and increase the efficacy of cough and expectoration. The evolution of the operated patient would be better. AN  - NCT04369118 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Efficacy Study of a Selective Chest Wall Restriction Belt in Postoperative of Lung Resection (CTS-POP) TI  - Efficacy Study of a Selective Chest Wall Restriction Belt in Postoperative of Lung Resection. A Multicenter, Prospective, Controlled, Randomized Study With Stratification on the Surgical Approach, Open With a Blind Analysis
Slow-SPEED-NL: Slowing Parkinson's Early Through Exercise Dosage-Netherlands; Participants will be tasked to achieve an incremental increase of daily steps (volume) and amount of minutes exercised at a certain heart rate (intensity) with respect to their own baseline level. Motivation with regards to physical activity will entirely be communicated through the study specific Slow Speed smartphone app. Primary outcomes will be compliance expressed as longitudinal change in digital measures of physical activity (step count) measured using a Fitbit smartwatch. Exploratory outcomes entail retention rate, completeness of remote digital biomarker assessments, digital prodromal motor and non-motor features of PD, blood biomarkers and brain imaging markers. Using these biomarkers, we aim to develop a composite score (prodromal load score) to estimate the total prodromal load. An international exercise study with fellow researchers in the United States and United Kingdom are currently in preparation (Slow-SPEED). Our intention is to analyse overlapping outcomes combined where possible through a meta-analysis plan, to obtain insight on (determinants of) heterogeneity in compliance and possible efficacy across subgroups AN  - NCT06193252 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Slow-SPEED-NL: Slowing Parkinson's Early Through Exercise Dosage-Netherlands (Slow-SPEED-NL) TI  - Slow-SPEED-NL: Slowing Parkinson's Early Through Exercise Dosage-Netherlands
Bayesian Non-inferiority Trial of Injection Therapies for Acromioclavicular Joint Pain: a Randomized Clinical Trial; This study will compare three different treatment injections for the management of acromioclavicular joint dysfunction (ACJ Dysfunction). Patients that consent and enroll will be randomized to receive (1) a corticosteroid injection, (2) an injection of Platelet Rich Plasma, or (3) a Lidocaine injection. Follow-up will occur over a 1 year period. AN  - NCT05161468 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Platelet-rich Plasma, Corticosteroid, or Lidocaine for Acromioclavicular Joint Pain TI  - Bayesian Non-inferiority Trial of Injection Therapies for Acromioclavicular Joint Pain: a Randomized Clinical Trial
Clinical Evaluation of the Levitation Knee Brace in Patients With Knee Osteoarthritis: A Pilot Study; Osteoarthritis (OA) is a debilitating disease affecting approximately 1/3 of Canadians over the age of 25. Knee OA typically involves at least 2 of 3 compartments in the knee joint. Conservative treatments include knee braces to manage symptoms and improve joint function. Most knee OA braces are designed to offload one knee compartment, but are not usually indicated for multicompartment knee OA. The Levitation Tri-compartment Offloader (TCO) knee brace stores energy during flexion and provides extension assistance to offload all 3 knee compartments. While there is strong preliminary evidence that the TCO can provide pain relief and improved knee function to users, it is critical to determine whether this brace will have similar benefits for patients with multicompartment knee OA. This pilot randomized control trial evaluates the clinical outcomes of using the TCO in comparison to the current conservative standard of care for knee OA patients. AN  - NCT05543486 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Clinical Evaluation of the Levitation Knee Brace TI  - Clinical Evaluation of the Levitation Knee Brace in Patients With Knee Osteoarthritis: A Pilot Study
A Randomised, Double-blind, Double-dummy, Parallel-group Multicentre Study to Assess Efficacy and Safety of Fluticasone Furoate/GW642444 Inhalation Powder and Fluticasone Propionate/Salmeterol Inhalation Powder in the Treatment of Persistent Asthma in Adults and Adolescents; The purpose of the study is to compare the efficacy and safety of fluticasone furoate/vilanterol (GW642444) inhalation powder administered once daily with fluticasone propionate/salmeterol administered twice daily in adolescent and adult subjects 12 years of age and older with persistent bronchial asthma over a 24-week period. AN  - NCT01147848 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - HZA113091 Efficacy and Safety of Fluticasone Furoate/Vilanterol (GW642444) in Adults and Adolescents TI  - A Randomised, Double-blind, Double-dummy, Parallel-group Multicentre Study to Assess Efficacy and Safety of Fluticasone Furoate/GW642444 Inhalation Powder and Fluticasone Propionate/Salmeterol Inhalation Powder in the Treatment of Persistent Asthma in Adults and Adolescents
Induction to Labour With Double Cervical Ballon at Home Versus at Hospital to Improve the Vaginal Delivery Rate, Maternal Satisfaction and Reduce Costs: Multicentric Randomized Clinical Trial; Researchers will compare both labour induction groups to see if the induction to labour at home has better outcomes as described previously. AN  - NCT06053073 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Induction to Labour With Double Cervical Ballon at Home Versus at Hospital (INDOBAMHOS) TI  - Induction to Labour With Double Cervical Ballon at Home Versus at Hospital to Improve the Vaginal Delivery Rate, Maternal Satisfaction and Reduce Costs: Multicentric Randomized Clinical Trial
PROMISE Trial: A PROspective Randomised Double-blind Parallel Group Placebo-controlled Multicentre Trial of Faecal MIcrobiota tranSplantation to Improve the Primary outcomE (First Hospitalisation Due to Infection) in Patients With Cirrhosis Over 24 Months; A feasibility trial called PROFIT has previously shown that FMT administered endoscopically into the jejunum in patients with cirrhosis is safe and feasible and have identified some potential mechanisms of action that warrant further interrogation. The aim of the PROMISE Trial is to evaluate the efficacy and mechanisms of action of encapsulated FMT (versus placebo) to reduce infection and mortality in patients with alcohol-related and metabolic dysfunction-Associated Steatotic Liver (MASLD) cirrhosis. AN  - NCT06461208 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A PROspective Faecal MIcrobiota tranSplantation Trial to Improve outcomEs in Patients With Cirrhosis (PROMISE) TI  - PROMISE Trial: A PROspective Randomised Double-blind Parallel Group Placebo-controlled Multicentre Trial of Faecal MIcrobiota tranSplantation to Improve the Primary outcomE (First Hospitalisation Due to Infection) in Patients With Cirrhosis Over 24 Months
Phase 1, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial of Pulse Dosed Ceftriaxone for Post-Treatment Lyme Disease; - Give blood so we can make sure your body is handling the drug okay or to help us learn more about how the drug is affecting the persistent Lyme disease symptoms. AN  - NCT06611111 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Ceftriaxone Pulse Dose for Post-Treatment Lyme Disease TI  - Phase 1, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial of Pulse Dosed Ceftriaxone for Post-Treatment Lyme Disease
Outcomes in Ovarian Cancer and Fallopian Tube Cancer Patients Using Complementary Alternative Medicine; PURPOSE: This randomized clinical trial is studying how well giving hypnosis, massage therapy and healing touch changes outcomes in women receiving chemotherapy for newly diagnosed epithelial ovarian, fallopian tube or peritoneal cavity cancer. AN  - NCT00293293 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Outcomes in Ovarian Cancer and Fallopian Tube Cancer Patients Using Complementary Alternative Medicine TI  - Outcomes in Ovarian Cancer and Fallopian Tube Cancer Patients Using Complementary Alternative Medicine
Internet-based Cognitive Behavior Therapy in Combination With D-Cycloserine for Obsessive Compulsive Disorder: A Double Blinded Randomized Controlled Trial; The purpose of this study is to examine if D-Cycloserine is an effective adjunct to internet-based cognitive behaviour therapy for patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder. AN  - NCT01649895 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - D-Cycloserine as an Adjunct to Internet-CBT for OCD TI  - Internet-based Cognitive Behavior Therapy in Combination With D-Cycloserine for Obsessive Compulsive Disorder: A Double Blinded Randomized Controlled Trial
Association Between Response to Aggressive Chemotherapy and Doxorubicin Pharmacokinetics in Non Hodgkin's Lymphoma Patients; In a pilot study on 18 patients the investigators could not find the previous association between alopecia, response to chemotherapy and bone marrow depression. However, when analyzing doxorubicin pharmacokinetics, patients who had no remission had 2 fold lower AUC (area under the curve) and 3 fold lower peaks (p=0.06). The investigators' lack to approve the previous findings might be explained by the small study group. AN  - NCT00969462 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Doxorubicin Pharmacokinetics and Response in Non Hodgkin's Lymphoma TI  - Association Between Response to Aggressive Chemotherapy and Doxorubicin Pharmacokinetics in Non Hodgkin's Lymphoma Patients
A Phase 2, Open Label, Multicenter, Single-stage Study to Evaluate the Efficacy of Isatuximab Plus Pomalidomide and Dexamethasone (IPd), in Patients With AL Amyloidosis Not in VGPR or Better After Any Previous Therapy; This phase 2 study ain to evaluate the efficacy of Isatuximab plus Pomalidomide and Dexamethasone (IPd), in patients with AL amyloidosis not in VGPR or better after any previous therapy. It will enrolled 46 patients (34 in France and 12 in Australia) through 15 sites (11 in France and 4 in Australia). AN  - NCT05066607 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Isatuximab Plus Pomalidomide and Dexamethasone Association for Patients With AL Amyloidosis Not in VGPR or Better After Any Previous Therapy (IsAMYP) TI  - A Phase 2, Open Label, Multicenter, Single-stage Study to Evaluate the Efficacy of Isatuximab Plus Pomalidomide and Dexamethasone (IPd), in Patients With AL Amyloidosis Not in VGPR or Better After Any Previous Therapy
Comparative Mixed Study of the Foley Catheter With the T-Control® Catheter in Patients With Long-term Catheterization; This is a comparative, randomized, controlled pilot study. The main objective of this study is to evaluate the efficacy, comfort, and patient experience in people with long-term bladder catheterization with T-Control® versus patients with a conventional Foley-type catheter. AN  - NCT05860231 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Comparative Study Between Foley and T-Control® Catheter in Patients With Long-term Catheterization TI  - Comparative Mixed Study of the Foley Catheter With the T-Control® Catheter in Patients With Long-term Catheterization
A Randomized, Multicenter, Open-label, Phase 3 Study to Compare Daratumumab, Bortezomib, and Dexamethasone (DVd) vs Bortezomib and Dexamethasone (Vd) in Chinese Subjects With Relapsed or Refractory Multiple Myeloma; The primary purpose of this study is to compare the efficacy of daratumumab when combined with Velcade (bortezomib) and dexamethasone (DVd) to that of Velcade and dexamethasone (Vd), in terms of progression free survival (PFS) in Chinese participants with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma (MM). AN  - NCT03234972 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study to Compare Daratumumab, Bortezomib, and Dexamethasone (DVd) vs Bortezomib and Dexamethasone (Vd) in Chinese Participants With Relapsed or Refractory Multiple Myeloma TI  - A Randomized, Multicenter, Open-label, Phase 3 Study to Compare Daratumumab, Bortezomib, and Dexamethasone (DVd) vs Bortezomib and Dexamethasone (Vd) in Chinese Subjects With Relapsed or Refractory Multiple Myeloma
Associations of Serum Total Antioxidant Capacity and Sleep or Psychiatric Symptoms in Employees Experiencing High Levels of Stress Before and After the Intake of Probiotics; Sub-project 2 Information technology (IT) is an industry related to productions of computers, information processing, or telecommunications. Such industry highly relies on the knowledge and solutions provided by professional IT specialists. Literature has described that the subjective stress scores were higher in IT specialists that developed diabetes, hypertension, and depression. Specific probiotics, also known as psychobiotics, may have the effects of alleviating levels of stress and mood symptoms. Therefore this open-label designed, single arm, baseline-controlled trial aiming to examine whether an 8-week intervention of a novel psychobiotic Lactobacillus plantarum PS128TM (PS128TM), may improve self-perceived stress and mood symptoms among high-stress IT specialists. AN  - NCT04452253 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Psychiatric Symptoms in Employees Experiencing High Levels of Stress Before and After the Intake of Probiotics TI  - Associations of Serum Total Antioxidant Capacity and Sleep or Psychiatric Symptoms in Employees Experiencing High Levels of Stress Before and After the Intake of Probiotics
A Prospective, Randomized, Multicenter, Open-label Comparison of Pre-surgical Combination of Trastuzumab and Pertuzumab With Concurrent Taxane Chemotherapy or Endocrine Therapy Given for Twelve Weeks With a Quality of Life Assessment of Trastuzumab, Pertuzumab in Combination With Standard (Neo)Adjuvant Treatment in Patients With Operable HER2+/HR+ Breast Cancer.; This is a prospective, phase IIa, multicenter, randomized, open-label study comparing a pre-surgical combination of trastuzumab and pertuzumab with concurrent weekly paclitaxel chemotherapy or endocrine therapy given for 12 weeks with a quality of life assessment for 40 additional weeks in patients with operable HER2+/HR+ breast cancer. AN  - NCT03272477 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study to Compare Neoadjuvant Combination of Trastuzumab and Pertuzumab With Concurrent Taxane Chemotherapy or Endocrine Therapy and Quality of Life Assessment Under Adjuvant Therapy in Operable HER2+/HR+ Breast Cancer Patients (TP-II) TI  - A Prospective, Randomized, Multicenter, Open-label Comparison of Pre-surgical Combination of Trastuzumab and Pertuzumab With Concurrent Taxane Chemotherapy or Endocrine Therapy Given for Twelve Weeks With a Quality of Life Assessment of Trastuzumab, Pertuzumab in Combination With Standard (Neo)Adjuvant Treatment in Patients With Operable HER2+/HR+ Breast Cancer.
A Phase 3, Three-Arm, Randomized, Open-Label Study Of Interferon Alfa Alone, CCI-779 Alone, And The Combination Of Interferon Alfa And CCI-779 In First-Line Poor-Prognosis Subjects With Advanced Renal Cell Carcinoma.; The primary objective of this study is efficacy. The primary efficacy endpoint of this study is a comparison of the overall survival of subjects treated with CCI-779 [Temsirolimus], administered intravenously [IV] once weekly and the combination of CCI-779, administered IV once weekly with Interferon Alfa [IFN alfa] subcutaneously [SC] three times per week [TIW], compared with the overall survival of subjects treated with IFN alfa (SC TIW) alone, in poor-prognosis subjects with advanced RCC. AN  - NCT00065468 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study Evaluating Interferon And CCI-779 In Advanced Renal Cell Carcinoma (ARCC) TI  - A Phase 3, Three-Arm, Randomized, Open-Label Study Of Interferon Alfa Alone, CCI-779 Alone, And The Combination Of Interferon Alfa And CCI-779 In First-Line Poor-Prognosis Subjects With Advanced Renal Cell Carcinoma.
The Effectiveness of Cervical Transforaminal Epidural Steroid Injection for the Treatment of Cervical Radicular Pain: A Prospective Cohort Study.; 8. Report adverse effects. AN  - NCT04544683 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effectiveness of Cervical Transforaminal Epidural Steroid Injection TI  - The Effectiveness of Cervical Transforaminal Epidural Steroid Injection for the Treatment of Cervical Radicular Pain: A Prospective Cohort Study.
A Phase 3, Randomized, Controlled, Open-label Study of VELCADE (Bortezomib) Melphalan-Prednisone (VMP) Compared to Daratumumab in Combination With VMP (D-VMP), in Subjects With Previously Untreated Multiple Myeloma Who Are Ineligible for High-dose Therapy; The purpose of this study is to determine if the addition of daratumumab to velcade (bortezomib) melphalan-prednisone (VMP) will prolong progression-free survival (PFS) compared with VMP alone in participants with previously untreated multiple myeloma who are ineligible for high dose chemotherapy and autologous stem cell transplant (ASCT). AN  - NCT02195479 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study of Combination of Daratumumab and Velcade (Bortezomib) Melphalan-Prednisone (DVMP) Compared to Velcade Melphalan-Prednisone (VMP) in Participants With Previously Untreated Multiple Myeloma TI  - A Phase 3, Randomized, Controlled, Open-label Study of VELCADE (Bortezomib) Melphalan-Prednisone (VMP) Compared to Daratumumab in Combination With VMP (D-VMP), in Subjects With Previously Untreated Multiple Myeloma Who Are Ineligible for High-dose Therapy
A Phase III Open-label, Multicenter Trial of Maintenance Therapy With Avelumab (MSB0010718C) Versus Continuation of First-line Chemotherapy in Subjects With Unresectable, Locally Advanced or Metastatic, Adenocarcinoma of the Stomach, or of the Gastro-esophageal Junction; The purpose of this study was to demonstrate superiority of treatment with avelumab versus continuation of first-line chemotherapy. AN  - NCT02625610 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Avelumab in First-Line Maintenance Gastric Cancer (JAVELIN Gastric 100) TI  - A Phase III Open-label, Multicenter Trial of Maintenance Therapy With Avelumab (MSB0010718C) Versus Continuation of First-line Chemotherapy in Subjects With Unresectable, Locally Advanced or Metastatic, Adenocarcinoma of the Stomach, or of the Gastro-esophageal Junction
Gentamicin Treatment Prior to Vestibular Schwannoma Surgery in Patients With no Measurable Remaining Vestibular Function; The purpose of the study is to determine whether vestibular and postural compensation following schwannoma surgery is improved by ablating vestibular function prior to surgery, even if vestibular function is absent according to modern assessment techniques AN  - NCT02415257 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Gentamicin Treatment Prior to Schwannoma Surgery - No Residual Function TI  - Gentamicin Treatment Prior to Vestibular Schwannoma Surgery in Patients With no Measurable Remaining Vestibular Function
A Phase III Study for Patients With Newly Diagnosed Acute Promyelocytic Leukemia (APL) Using Arsenic Trioxide and All-Trans Retinoic Acid; This phase III trial studies tretinoin and arsenic trioxide in treating patients with newly diagnosed acute promyelocytic leukemia. Standard treatment for acute promyelocytic leukemia involves high doses of a common class of chemotherapy drugs called anthracyclines, which are known to cause long-term side effects, especially to the heart. Tretinoin may stop the growth of cancer cells by blocking some of the enzymes needed for cell growth. Arsenic trioxide may stop the growth of cancer cells by either killing the cells, by stopping them from dividing, or by stopping them from spreading. Completely removing or reducing the amount of anthracycline chemotherapy and giving tretinoin together with arsenic trioxide may be an effective treatment for acute promyelocytic leukemia and may reduce some of the long-term side effects. AN  - NCT02339740 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Tretinoin and Arsenic Trioxide in Treating Patients With Untreated Acute Promyelocytic Leukemia TI  - A Phase III Study for Patients With Newly Diagnosed Acute Promyelocytic Leukemia (APL) Using Arsenic Trioxide and All-Trans Retinoic Acid
Sirolimus-based Immunosuppression Treatment Regimen for Liver Transplantation: A Multicenter, Open-label, Randomized, Controlled Clinical Trial in Liver Transplant Recipients With Hepatocellular Carcinoma; This is a multicenter, open-label, randomized, controlled clinical trial, in order to compare sirolimus-based (tacrolimus-free) versus tacrolimus-based (sirolimus-free) immunosuppression regimen for Hepatocellular Carcinoma (HCC) patients after liver transplantation. AN  - NCT03500848 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Sirolimus-based Immunosuppression Treatment Regimen for Liver Transplantation TI  - Sirolimus-based Immunosuppression Treatment Regimen for Liver Transplantation: A Multicenter, Open-label, Randomized, Controlled Clinical Trial in Liver Transplant Recipients With Hepatocellular Carcinoma
A Randomized Controlled Trial of Cryotherapy for Prevention and Reduction of Severity of Oral Mucositis in Children Undergoing Hematopoietic Stem Cell Transplantation.; Oral mucositis (OM) is a common adverse effect of chemotherapy, radiotherapy and conditioning regimens before Hematopoietic Stem Cell Transplantation (HSCT). The aim of this study is to effectiveness of cryotherapy as a prophylactic treatment in children undergoing HSCT. AN  - NCT01789658 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Cryotherapy for Prevention of Oral Mucositis in Children Undergoing Hematopoietic Stem Cell Transplantation TI  - A Randomized Controlled Trial of Cryotherapy for Prevention and Reduction of Severity of Oral Mucositis in Children Undergoing Hematopoietic Stem Cell Transplantation.
Evaluation of the Efficacy and Cost-effectiveness of the T-Control® Catheter Versus the Foley Type Catheter in Patients With Acute Urinary Retention. Randomized Controlled Pilot Clinical Trial; The general purpose of this study is to assess the preliminary effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of the T-Control® catheter versus the Foley type catheter in patients with Acute Urine Retention. AN  - NCT05643950 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effectiveness and Cost-effectiveness of the T-Control® Catheter in Patients With Acute Urine Retention TI  - Evaluation of the Efficacy and Cost-effectiveness of the T-Control® Catheter Versus the Foley Type Catheter in Patients With Acute Urinary Retention. Randomized Controlled Pilot Clinical Trial
A Phase 3 Open-Label Extension Study to Evaluate the Long-term Safety and Tolerability of Chronocort in the Treatment of Participants Aged 16 Years and Over with Congenital Adrenal Hyperplasia; This phase III study is an open-label extension study to be conducted at approximately 21 investigational sites across 3 countries. The study will evaluate the long-term safety and tolerability of Chronocort in participants aged 16 years and over when used as treatment for Congenital Adrenal Hyperplasia (CAH). AN  - NCT05299554 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Long-term Safety Study of Chronocort in the Treatment of Participants with Congenital Adrenal Hyperplasia TI  - A Phase 3 Open-Label Extension Study to Evaluate the Long-term Safety and Tolerability of Chronocort in the Treatment of Participants Aged 16 Years and Over with Congenital Adrenal Hyperplasia
The Registry to Observe Clinical Outcomes of Patients With High-risk Metastatic Hormone-naïve Prostate Cancer in Japan; The purpose of this registry study is to longitudinally observe clinical outcomes and patient-reported outcomes (PRO) for participants with high-risk metastatic hormone-naive prostate cancer (mHNPC) in the real-world setting in Japan. AN  - NCT04034095 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Registry Study to Observe Clinical Outcomes of Participants With High-risk Metastatic Hormone-naïve Prostate Cancer in Japan TI  - The Registry to Observe Clinical Outcomes of Patients With High-risk Metastatic Hormone-naïve Prostate Cancer in Japan
The Role of Bacterial Overgrowth and Delayed Intestinal Transit in Hepatic Encephalopathy; Subjects' mental capacity will be assessed at each visit via interview, brief mental status, questionnaires and psychometric evaluation. Any subject who appears to have lost capacity to continue participation, as evidenced by HE grade 2 or higher, a lack of attentiveness, concentration, or understanding of evaluation, will be discontinued from the study. Female subjects of childbearing potential will be asked to comply with the use of contraception during the Phase B study period as well as throughout the time they remain on study drug. AN  - NCT01846806 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Role of Bacterial Overgrowth and Delayed Intestinal Transit in Hepatic Encephalopathy. TI  - The Role of Bacterial Overgrowth and Delayed Intestinal Transit in Hepatic Encephalopathy
Food Exposure Therapy in Anorexia Nervosa; This is a research study to determine whether a medication called D-cycloserine (DCS) in combination with a type of psychotherapy called Exposure Therapy is helpful to patients with anorexia nervosa. AN  - NCT00755820 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Food Exposure Therapy in Anorexia Nervosa TI  - Food Exposure Therapy in Anorexia Nervosa
Phase-2, Multi-centre, Prospective, Randomized, Standard-of-care Plus Placebo-controlled, Patient and Central Evaluator Blinded, Parallel Arm, Clinical Study to Evaluate Safety, Tolerability and Efficacy of the AUP1602-C as Treatment for Non-healing Neuro-ischemic DFU; This is a phase 2 study performed in diabetic foot ulcer (DFU) patients with chronic non-healing, neuro-ischemic wounds to investigate the safety, tolerability and efficacy of AUP1602-C. AN  - NCT06111183 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Evaluation of AUP12602-C as New Topical Treatment for DFUs (DIAMEND STUDY) TI  - Phase-2, Multi-centre, Prospective, Randomized, Standard-of-care Plus Placebo-controlled, Patient and Central Evaluator Blinded, Parallel Arm, Clinical Study to Evaluate Safety, Tolerability and Efficacy of the AUP1602-C as Treatment for Non-healing Neuro-ischemic DFU
Vestibulodynia: Understanding Pathophysiology and Determining Appropriate Treatments; Vestibulodynia (VBD) is a complex chronic vulvar pain condition that impairs the psychological, physical, and sexual health of 1 in 6 reproductive aged women in the United States. Here, the investigators plan to conduct a randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled clinical trial to 1) compare the efficacy of peripheral (lidocaine/estradiol cream), centrally-targeted (nortriptyline), and combined treatments in alleviating pain and improving patient-reported outcomes and 2) determine cytokine and microRNA biomarkers that predict treatment response in women with distinct VBD subtypes. Positive findings from this study will readily translate to improved patient care, permitting the millions of women with VBD, their partners, and their clinicians to make more informed decisions about pain management. AN  - NCT03844412 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Vestibulodynia: Understanding Pathophysiology and Determining Appropriate Treatments TI  - Vestibulodynia: Understanding Pathophysiology and Determining Appropriate Treatments
A Multicenter, Randomized, Double-Blind, Phase 3 Study Of Sunitinib Plus Prednisone Versus Prednisone In Patients With Progressive Metastatic Castration-Resistant Prostate Cancer After Failure Of A Docetaxel-Based Chemotherapy Regimen; This study will compare the safety and efficacy of sunitinib in combination with prednisone versus placebo and prednisone in patients that have metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer that has progressed after treatment with a docetaxel-containing chemotherapy regimen. This is a second-line study. AN  - NCT00676650 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Sunitinib Plus Prednisone In Patients With Metastatic Castration-Resistant Prostate Cancer After Failure Of Docetaxel Chemotherapy (SUN 1120) TI  - A Multicenter, Randomized, Double-Blind, Phase 3 Study Of Sunitinib Plus Prednisone Versus Prednisone In Patients With Progressive Metastatic Castration-Resistant Prostate Cancer After Failure Of A Docetaxel-Based Chemotherapy Regimen
Safety and Efficacy of Velcade in Relapsed and/or Refractory Multiple Myeloma Patients With Impaired Renal Function; The purpose of this study is to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of bortezomib in participants previously treated for multiple myeloma (cancer of plasma cells in bone marrow causing numerous tumors and characterized by the presence of abnormal proteins in the blood) with limited kidney function. AN  - NCT00718640 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - An Efficacy and Safety Study of Bortezomib in Participants Previously Treated for Multiple Myeloma With Limited Kidney Function TI  - Safety and Efficacy of Velcade in Relapsed and/or Refractory Multiple Myeloma Patients With Impaired Renal Function
A Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial of Metformin in Individuals With Fragile X Syndrome (FXS); This study is a controlled trial of metformin in individuals with fragile X syndrome between the ages of 6 and 35 years. Participants will be randomized in a double-blind design to either drug or placebo and will attend three visits to the study site in a 4-month period for a series of tests. The primary objectives are to assess safety, tolerability, and efficacy of metformin in the treatment of language deficits, behavior problems, and obesity/excessive appetite in individuals with fragile X syndrome. AN  - NCT03862950 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Trial of Metformin in Individuals With Fragile X Syndrome (Met) TI  - A Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial of Metformin in Individuals With Fragile X Syndrome (FXS)
Effects of CORtisol Excess and REmission in Cushing's Syndrome Over Time (CORRECT): A Prospective Non-interventional Cohort Study; - These complications partially reverse following disease control. AN  - NCT05521529 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Cushing's Syndrome Before and After Treatment (CORRECT) (CORRECT) TI  - Effects of CORtisol Excess and REmission in Cushing's Syndrome Over Time (CORRECT): A Prospective Non-interventional Cohort Study
Randomized Double-Blind Placebo-Controlled Clinical Trial to Assess the Efficacy of Mycophenolate Mofetil in Subclinical Interstitial Lung Disease Associated With Systemic Sclerosis: a Feasibility Study; The goal of this pilot study is to assess the feasibility of a larger study on the efficacy of mycophenolate mofetil in people diagnosed with systemic sclerosis with mild lung involvement. Participants will be recruited over 12 months at 3 academic centers and assigned randomly to receive either mycophenolate mofetil or placebo, a look-alike substance that contains no active drug, for 96 weeks. AN  - NCT05785065 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Mycophenolate Mofetil in Systemic Sclerosis With Subclinical Interstitial Lung Disease (SSc-mILD) TI  - Randomized Double-Blind Placebo-Controlled Clinical Trial to Assess the Efficacy of Mycophenolate Mofetil in Subclinical Interstitial Lung Disease Associated With Systemic Sclerosis: a Feasibility Study
Effects of Transcranial Static Magnetic Field Stimulation (tSMS) in Progressive Multiple Sclerosis; In multiple sclerosis (MS) brains, inflammation induces specific abnormalities of synaptic transmission, collectively called inflammatory synaptopathy. Such synaptopathy consists in unbalanced glutamatergic and GABAergic transmission and in remarkable changes in synaptic plasticity, causing excitotoxic neurodegeneration and impairing the clinical compensation of the ongoing brain damage, thereby exacerbating the clinical manifestation of the disease. In progressive MS (PMS), synaptopathy is characterized by pathological potentatiation of glutamate-mediated synaptic up-scaling (Centonze et al., 2008; Rossi et al., 2013) and loss of long-term synaptic potentiation [LTP (Weiss et al., 2014)], both caused by proinflammatory molecules (released by microglia, astroglia, and infiltrating T and B lymphocytes) (Malenka et al., 2004; Di Filippo et al., 2017; Stampanoni Bassi et al., 2019). The combination of increased up-scaling and decreased LTP has a significant impact on the clinical manifestations of PMS, often presenting with signs and symptoms indicating length-dependent degeneration of neurons of the corticospinal tract. Altered LTP expression impairs brain ability to compensate ongoing neuronal loss (Stampanoni Bassi et al., 2020), and pathological TNF-mediated up-scaling may directly promote excitotoxic damage and neurodegeneration (Rossi et al., 2014). In addition, up-scaling and LTP are mutually exclusive at a given synapse through a mechanism of synaptic occlusion (i.e., pre-existing up-scaling saturates and prevents subsequent LTP expression), further promoting neurodegeneration by preventing the pro-survival effect of LTP, the induction of which activates intracellular anti-apoptotic pathways (Bartlett & Wang, 2013). It follows that a neuromodulation approach that can chronically (over several months) dampen up-scaling expression in the primary motor cortex (M1) of PMS patients could be beneficial by preventing excitotoxic neurodegenerative damage triggered by up-scaling itself (Centonze et al. 2008, Rossi et al. 2014), and also by promoting LTP induction and LTP-dependent functional compensation of deficits, thereby reducing the speed of the neurodegeneration process through increased LTP-dependent neuronal survival and preservation of dendritic spines (Ksiazek-Winiarek et al., 2015). Our study aims to test whether transcranial static magnetic field stimulation (tSMS) could represent such a therapeutic approach, as recently proposed in patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) (Di Lazzaro et al, 2021). Forty (40) ambulatory patients with PMS, presenting with the ascending myelopathy phenotype of the disease, will be recruited at the MS Center of the Unit of Neurology of the IRCCS Neuromed in Pozzilli (IS). In this randomized, sham-controlled, double-blind, within-subjects, cross-over study (allocation ratio 1:1), we will test the ability of repeated sessions of tSMS applied bilaterally over the M1 to safely reduce disability progression in patients with PMS. Patients will be randomly assigned to either real or sham tSMS. Each patient will participate in two experimental phases (real or sham stimulation). Each patient will self-administer tSMS over right and left M1, two session per day, 60 minutes each. The order will be randomly established and counterbalanced across participants. Both investigators and participants will be blinded to stimulation parameters. In the "real stimulation" phase, tSMS will be applied for 120 minutes each day, at home, for 12 consecutive months. In the "sham stimulation" phase, sham tSMS will be delivered with non-magnetic metal cylinders, with the same size, weight and appearance of the magnets. Clinical evaluations, including the Multiple Sclerosis Functional Composite measure (MSFC) will be performed before, during and after each experimental phase ("real" and "sham"). In addition, blood levels of neurofilaments, excitability and plasticity of M1, and MRI measures of cortical thickness will be measured before, during and after each stimulation phase. AN  - NCT05811013 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effects of Transcranial Static Magnetic Field Stimulation (tSMS) in Progressive Multiple Sclerosis TI  - Effects of Transcranial Static Magnetic Field Stimulation (tSMS) in Progressive Multiple Sclerosis
Immediate Mobilization After Plate Osteosynthesis of Proximal Tibial Fractures - A Cohort Study; The investigators hypothesize immediate weight bearing as tolerated following surgery with plates and screws of the above mentioned fracture, in cases deemed stable by the surgeon, will not lead to any loss of reduction. AN  - NCT03314623 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Immediate Mobilization After Plate Osteosynthesis of Proximal Tibial Fractures - A Cohort Study (IMOP) TI  - Immediate Mobilization After Plate Osteosynthesis of Proximal Tibial Fractures - A Cohort Study
A Phase 3, Open-label, Non-controlled, Multi-dose Study to Evaluate the Pharmacokinetics, Safety and Tolerability, and Efficacy of Immune Globulin Subcutaneous (Human), 20% Solution (IGSC, 20%) in Japanese Subjects With Primary Immunodeficiency Diseases (PID); The main aim of the study is to assess base levels of Immunoglobulin globulin G (IgG) levels in the blood of the participants after weekly and biweekly treatment with IGSC, 20% (in Parts 2 and 3 of the study). Their PID will be treated by their doctor according to their doctor's usual clinical practice. AN  - NCT04346108 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study of Immune Globulin Subcutaneous (Human), 20% Solution (IGSC, 20%) in Japanese Participants With Primary Immunodeficiency Diseases (PID) TI  - A Phase 3, Open-label, Non-controlled, Multi-dose Study to Evaluate the Pharmacokinetics, Safety and Tolerability, and Efficacy of Immune Globulin Subcutaneous (Human), 20% Solution (IGSC, 20%) in Japanese Subjects With Primary Immunodeficiency Diseases (PID)
A Phase 3, Multicenter, Randomized, Open-Label Study of Guadecitabine (SGI-110) Versus Treatment Choice in Adults With Myelodysplastic Syndromes (MDS) or Chronic Myelomonocytic Leukemia (CMML) Previously Treated With Hypomethylating Agents; A Phase 3, randomized, open-label, parallel-group, multicenter study designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of guadecitabine in participants with MDS or CMML who failed or relapsed after adequate prior treatment with azacitidine, decitabine, or both. This global study will be conducted in approximately 15 countries. Approximately 408 participants from approximately 100 study centers will be randomly assigned in a 2:1 ratio to either guadecitabine (approximately 272 participants) or Treatment Choice (approximately 136 participants). The study consists of a 21-day screening period, a treatment period, a safety follow-up visit, and a long-term follow-up period. The study is expected to last more than 2 years, and the duration of individual participant participation will vary. Participants may continue to receive treatment for as long as they continue to benefit. AN  - NCT02907359 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Guadecitabine (SGI-110) vs Treatment Choice in Adults With MDS or CMML Previously Treated With HMAs TI  - A Phase 3, Multicenter, Randomized, Open-Label Study of Guadecitabine (SGI-110) Versus Treatment Choice in Adults With Myelodysplastic Syndromes (MDS) or Chronic Myelomonocytic Leukemia (CMML) Previously Treated With Hypomethylating Agents
A Phase 3, Muticenter, Randomized, Open-label Study to Compare the Efficacy and Safety of Pomalidomide in Combination With Low-dose Dexamethasone Versus High-dose Dexamethasone in Subjects With Refractory or Relapsed and Refractory Multiple Myeloma; The purpose of this study is to compare efficacy and safety of pomalidomide in combination with low-dose dexamethasone versus high-dose dexamethasone in subjects with refractory or relapsed and refractory multiple myeloma. AN  - NCT01311687 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Phase 3, Multicenter, Randomized, Open-Label Study to Compare the Efficacy and Safety of Pomalidomide in Combination With Low-Dose Dexamethasone Versus High-Dose Dexamethasone in Subjects With Refractory Multiple Myeloma or Relapsed and Refractory Multiple Myeloma and Companion Study (NIMBUS) TI  - A Phase 3, Muticenter, Randomized, Open-label Study to Compare the Efficacy and Safety of Pomalidomide in Combination With Low-dose Dexamethasone Versus High-dose Dexamethasone in Subjects With Refractory or Relapsed and Refractory Multiple Myeloma
An International, Multicenter, Prospective Registry to Investigate Treatment Options and Their Outcomes on Post-traumatic Long Bones Defects; In a multi-national approach, the aim of this project is to set up an international, multicenter registry to gather information and details on prevalence or incidence, current treatments, complications and outcome. AN  - NCT04112992 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - An International, Multicenter, Prospective Registry on Post-traumatic Long Bones Defects TI  - An International, Multicenter, Prospective Registry to Investigate Treatment Options and Their Outcomes on Post-traumatic Long Bones Defects
Preference of Life-Sustaining Treatment Among Patients With End Stage Renal Disease; Although patients with kidney disease can rely on dialysis to prolong their lives, the complexity of the disease, the variability of the course of the disease, and the uncertainty of the prognosis often delay the discussion of issues at the end of life, and the deterioration of the condition often makes it impossible for the patient to express clearly or rationally. Treatment thoughts or preferences. Sufficient time is needed to think and discuss issues related to life treatment. Discuss with patients as soon as possible to help draw up end-of-life care plans, help patients realize end-of-life care preferences, assist family members to make complex treatment decisions, and alleviate medical providers' moral distress. Domestic life-sustaining treatment research is mostly signed by DNR for cancer patients and retrospective investigation of medical records, and seldom focuses on kidney disease patients and life-sustaining treatment survey preferences other than DNR content. This study sought to understand patients with kidney disease's preferences for life-sustaining care during disease progression, and to understand whether prognostic perceptions, symptom distress, dementia, and decision conflict affect patients' preferences. Pre-collected convenient sampling is expected to include 200 patients diagnosed with chronic kidney disease stage 5 or end-stage renal disease, including patients who have received regular dialysis. The survey will be conducted with a single questionnaire. There are five questionnaires, including: demographic characteristics, chronic kidney disease prognosis cognition And life-support treatment information questionnaire, short-form recall symptom assessment scale, loss of memory scale and decision-making conflict scale; after the researcher explains, the patient fills in by himself or the researcher fills in after the patient answers. It is expected that the results of the study will help clinical practitioners to understand the changes in the management of medical care for kidney disease patients when the disease worsens and assist in the management of patients' medical care, echoing the importance of advancing medical care planning in this population, for the future development of kidney disease A reference for care guidelines for debilitated patients, thereby improving care quality and satisfaction. AN  - NCT05878171 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Preference of Life-Sustaining Treatment Among Patients With End Stage Renal Disease TI  - Preference of Life-Sustaining Treatment Among Patients With End Stage Renal Disease
Efficacy and Safety of Local Application of Chlorhexidine Gluconate Versus Mupirocin Ointment in the Prevention of Peritoneal Dialysis-Related Infection: A Double-Blind, Stratified Randomized Controlled Trial; This pilot study aims to evaluate effectiveness, safety, and cost-utility of chlorhexidine gluconate (CHG)-soaked cloths compares to mupirocin ointment and exit site usual care (normal saline) with aseptic technique in prevention of PD-related infection. It is a multicenter, double-blind, stratified randomized controlled trial. Participants will be randomized to three arms mupirocin, usual care, or CHG-soaked cloths in a ratio of 1:1:1. They will be followed up 24 months or completion of PD. The primary outcome is PD-related infection (PD-related peritonitis of exit-site and tunnel infection). Secondary outcomes are infection-related catheter removal and technique failure, nasal and exit-site Staphylococcus aureus colonization, health-related quality of life, mental health, medication adherence, safety, adverse events related to treatments such as skin irritation, rash, etc. Costs include providers and patients expenses. The utility is assessed using the EuroQol (EQ), five-dimensional (5D), five-level (5L) version. The results of this study are anticipated nephrologists and health care professional involving to PD in decision-making for a plan to prevent PD-related infection. In addition, the results will lead to clinical guideline development a prevention of PD-related infection. AN  - NCT02547103 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Chlorhexidine Gluconate Versus Mupirocin Ointment in the Prevention of Peritoneal Dialysis-Related Infection (COSMO-PD) TI  - Efficacy and Safety of Local Application of Chlorhexidine Gluconate Versus Mupirocin Ointment in the Prevention of Peritoneal Dialysis-Related Infection: A Double-Blind, Stratified Randomized Controlled Trial
Cytomegalovirus Prophylaxis With Letermovir in Heart Transplant Recipients: A Non-randomized Cohort Pilot Study; - to explore the potential correlation between letermovir-based CMV prophylaxis and restitution of cell-regulated immunity in patients after heart transplantation. AN  - NCT05432778 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Cytomegalovirus Prophylaxis With Letermovir in Heart Transplant Recipients (CYPHER-TXPilot) TI  - Cytomegalovirus Prophylaxis With Letermovir in Heart Transplant Recipients: A Non-randomized Cohort Pilot Study
The LYMPH Trial - Comparing Microsurgical With Conservative Treatment of Chronic Breast Cancer Associated Lymphedema; The aim of this study is to test whether lymphatic surgery provides better QoL (assessed with the Lymph-ICF-UL, (Lymphedema Functioning Disability and health questionnaire for upper limb lymphedema)) 15 months after randomization (and therefore about one year after surgery) compared to conservative treatment only for patients with chronic lymphedema (LE) AN  - NCT05890677 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The LYMPH Trial - Surgical Versus Conservative Complex Physical Decongestion Therapy for Chronic Breast Cancer-Related Lymphedema (LYMPH) TI  - The LYMPH Trial - Comparing Microsurgical With Conservative Treatment of Chronic Breast Cancer Associated Lymphedema
A Randomized Controlled Trial of D-Cycloserine in Autism; This study will determine the effectiveness of D-cycloserine in reducing symptoms of autism in autistic children. AN  - NCT00198120 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Safety and Effectiveness of D-Cycloserine in Children With Autism TI  - A Randomized Controlled Trial of D-Cycloserine in Autism
Cystic Fibrosis- Children and Adults Tai Chi Study: Can Tai Chi Improve Quality of Life for People With Cystic Fibrosis and Their Carers? Second Phase Study; It is hoped that the study may show how Tai Chi can help people with CF to maintain their health through mindful exercise, and improve troublesome symptoms like sleep and anxiety. AN  - NCT02054377 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Cystic Fibrosis- Children and Adults Tai Chi Study (CFCATS2) TI  - Cystic Fibrosis- Children and Adults Tai Chi Study: Can Tai Chi Improve Quality of Life for People With Cystic Fibrosis and Their Carers? Second Phase Study
A PHASE 3, RANDOMIZED, DOUBLE-BLIND, PLACEBO-CONTROLLED STUDY OF THE EFFICACY AND SAFETY OF TOFACITINIB (CP-690,550) IN CHINESE SUBJECTS WITH ACTIVE PSORIATIC ARTHRITIS AND AN INADEQUATE RESPONSE TO AT LEAST ONE CONVENTIONAL SYNTHETIC DMARD; This is a 6 month study investigating the effectiveness and safety of tofacitinib in treating signs and symptoms and improving physical function in Chinese patients with active psoriatic arthritis and had inadequate response to a conventional synthetic disease modifying anti-rheumatic drug. This is a China alone study. AN  - NCT03486457 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Efficacy And Safety Of Tofacitinib In Chinese Subjects With Active Psoriatic Arthritis TI  - A PHASE 3, RANDOMIZED, DOUBLE-BLIND, PLACEBO-CONTROLLED STUDY OF THE EFFICACY AND SAFETY OF TOFACITINIB (CP-690,550) IN CHINESE SUBJECTS WITH ACTIVE PSORIATIC ARTHRITIS AND AN INADEQUATE RESPONSE TO AT LEAST ONE CONVENTIONAL SYNTHETIC DMARD
A Prospective, Single Arm, Multicenter, Observational Assessment of the Long Term Safety and Efficacy of Solesta® Injectable Bulking Agent for the Treatment of Fecal Incontinence (SoFI); The purpose of this observational study is to evaluate the safety and effectiveness of the Solesta Injectable Bulking Agent in the treatment of fecal incontinence through 3 years in a real world setting. AN  - NCT01647906 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Long Term Safety and Efficacy of Solesta® Injectable Bulking Agent for the Treatment of Fecal Incontinence (SoFI) (SoFI) TI  - A Prospective, Single Arm, Multicenter, Observational Assessment of the Long Term Safety and Efficacy of Solesta® Injectable Bulking Agent for the Treatment of Fecal Incontinence (SoFI)
A RANDOMIZED (1:1), DOUBLE-BLIND, MULTI-CENTER, PLACEBO CONTROLLED STUDY EVALUATING INTENSIVE CHEMOTHERAPY WITH OR WITHOUT GLASDEGIB (PF-04449913) OR AZACITIDINE (AZA) WITH OR WITHOUT GLASDEGIB IN PATIENTS WITH PREVIOUSLY UNTREATED ACUTE MYELOID LEUKEMIA; Glasdegib is being studied in combination with cytarabine and daunorubicin for the treatment of adult patients with previously untreated acute myeloid leukemia (Intensive AML population). AN  - NCT03416179 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study Evaluating Intensive Chemotherapy With or Without Glasdegib or Azacitidine With or Without Glasdegib In Patients With Previously Untreated Acute Myeloid Leukemia (BRIGHT AML1019) TI  - A RANDOMIZED (1:1), DOUBLE-BLIND, MULTI-CENTER, PLACEBO CONTROLLED STUDY EVALUATING INTENSIVE CHEMOTHERAPY WITH OR WITHOUT GLASDEGIB (PF-04449913) OR AZACITIDINE (AZA) WITH OR WITHOUT GLASDEGIB IN PATIENTS WITH PREVIOUSLY UNTREATED ACUTE MYELOID LEUKEMIA
Investigating Value-Based Procurement and Patient Reported Outcomes From Adults With Lymphoedema Using a 12-week Home-based Programme of LymphAssistTM (Intermittent Pneumatic Compression); Lymphoedema is a life-long condition causing long-term swelling affecting people physically, mentally and socially. Daily self-management covers four main areas (skin care, activity / movement, compression and massage / light touch). Intensive clinic-based treatments are available alongside usual care, including intermittent pneumatic compression (IPC). Recent studies have explored the feasibility, acceptability and impact of home-based IPC. This study will further our understanding of home-based IPC in a Value-Based procurement study. AN  - NCT05456568 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - LymphAssistTM at Home (LAAH) (LAAH) TI  - Investigating Value-Based Procurement and Patient Reported Outcomes From Adults With Lymphoedema Using a 12-week Home-based Programme of LymphAssistTM (Intermittent Pneumatic Compression)
Gentamicin Treatment Prior to Vestibular Schwannoma Surgery in Patients With Definite Remaining Vestibular Function; The purpose of the study is to determine whether vestibular and postural compensation following schwannoma surgery is improved by ablating remaining vestibular function prior to surgery, through gentamicin injections in the middle ear. AN  - NCT02379754 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Gentamicin Treatment Prior to Schwannoma Surgery - Residual Function TI  - Gentamicin Treatment Prior to Vestibular Schwannoma Surgery in Patients With Definite Remaining Vestibular Function
SunBurst (StUdy oN Burst Fractures) - a National, Multicenter, Register-based, Randomized Controlled Trial on Thoracolumbar Burst Fractures; Thoracolumbar (TL) burst fractures are seen in all ages and usually associated with high-energy trauma. Treatment include both surgical and non-surgical options. In cases without neurological deficit or definite rupture of the posterior ligament complex (PLC) both surgical treatment and non-surgical treatment are considered standard of care. This study aims to compare outcome between surgical and non-surgical in patients with a single level TL burst fracture (AO A3/4) in a randomized controlled trial (RCT). AN  - NCT05003180 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - StUdy oN Burst Fractures (SunBurst) (SunBurst) TI  - SunBurst (StUdy oN Burst Fractures) - a National, Multicenter, Register-based, Randomized Controlled Trial on Thoracolumbar Burst Fractures
Nutritional Support and Prophylaxis Doses of Azithromycin for Pregnant Women to Improve Birth Outcomes in the Peri-urban Slums of Karachi, Pakistan -a Randomized Controlled Trial; This four arm trial envisions to generate robust evidence for use of a fortified balanced energy-protein supplement to pregnant women for at least 6 months, alone versus in combination of Azithromycin (AZM) prophylaxis (two prophylaxis oral doses) versus in combination with both AZM prophylaxis (two prophylaxis oral doses) plus oral Choline and Nicotinamide supplementation; to see the impact on birth weight and length of newborn soon after birth (approximately within 72 hours). This is an open label, community-based, randomized controlled trial in peri-urban settings of Karachi, Pakistan, where the outcome assessor will be blinded. The comparison groups are control arm (only routine ANC care and nutritional counseling), nutrition only arm, nutrition plus AZM arm, and nutrition plus Choline and Nicotinamide arm. AN  - NCT04012177 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Nutritional Support and Prophylaxis Doses of Azithromycin for Pregnant Women - Mumta Pregnant Women Trial (MumtaPW) TI  - Nutritional Support and Prophylaxis Doses of Azithromycin for Pregnant Women to Improve Birth Outcomes in the Peri-urban Slums of Karachi, Pakistan -a Randomized Controlled Trial
A Phase II Study Of Whole-Brain Radiation Therapy With Thalidomide And Temozolomide In Patients With Newly Diagnosed Brain Metastases; PURPOSE: Phase II trial to study the effectiveness of combining whole-brain radiation therapy with thalidomide and temozolomide in treating patients who have newly diagnosed brain metastases. AN  - NCT00049361 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Radiation Therapy Plus Thalidomide and Temozolomide in Treating Patients With Newly Diagnosed Brain Metastases TI  - A Phase II Study Of Whole-Brain Radiation Therapy With Thalidomide And Temozolomide In Patients With Newly Diagnosed Brain Metastases
Long-term Follow-up of Huntington's Disease Patients Treated With Intrastriatal Fetal Neuron Allograft; Long-term follow-up of Huntington's disease patients treated with intrastriatal allografts is essential to assess the benefit/risk ratio of grafts as well as their effectiveness. Indeed, some patients are likely to develop adverse effects and the impact of alloimmunisation phenomena remains to be explored. AN  - NCT06194006 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Long Term Follow-up Grafted Huntington's Disease Patients (Post-MIGHD) TI  - Long-term Follow-up of Huntington's Disease Patients Treated With Intrastriatal Fetal Neuron Allograft
Effects of Chemotherapy on Brain Structure and Function; PURPOSE: This clinical trial is studying the effects of chemotherapy on the brain in women with newly diagnosed early-stage breast cancer. AN  - NCT00755313 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Effects of Chemotherapy on the Brain in Women With Newly Diagnosed Early-Stage Breast Cancer TI  - Effects of Chemotherapy on Brain Structure and Function
Immediate Parent -Infant Skin-to-Skin Study (IPISTOSS); The aim of this study is to investigate whether Skin-to-skin-Contact (SSC) leads to an improved physiological stabilization, altered epigenetic profile and improved longterm psychomotor outcome in neonates born in gestation age between week 28+0 - 32+6. This is a parallel, two-arm, multicentre, randomized controlled superiority trial. The two arms to be compared are a) immediate SSC with one parent/caregiver continous during the first 6 hours after birth and as much as possible during the first 72 hours, and b) conventional method of care during the same time. AN  - NCT03521310 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Immediate Parent -Infant Skin-to-Skin Study (IPISTOSS) TI  - Immediate Parent -Infant Skin-to-Skin Study (IPISTOSS)
A Phase I, Randomized and Placebo-controlled Trial to Evaluate the Safety, Tolerability, and Potential Efficacy of Allogeneic Human MesenchymAl Stem Cells Infusion in Patients With Cystic Fibrosis - HAPI; There will be 3 subjects in the safety run-in phase and 15 subjects in the double-blinded phase. AN  - NCT03058068 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Human MesenchymAl Stem Cells Infusion in Patients With Cystic Fibrosis (HAPI) TI  - A Phase I, Randomized and Placebo-controlled Trial to Evaluate the Safety, Tolerability, and Potential Efficacy of Allogeneic Human MesenchymAl Stem Cells Infusion in Patients With Cystic Fibrosis - HAPI
PRE-Pregnancy Weight Loss And the Reducing Effect on CHILDhood Overweight - Aarhus; The study is a single site parallel randomized controlled study. The study will be assessing the effect of a 10% pre-conceptional weight loss intervention vs a control group among healthy couples where the prospective mother is pregnant and overweight or obese (BMI 27-44.9 kg/m^2). The couples in intervention group will receive dietitian counseling and participate in physical activity sessions to attain the 10% weight loss. The overall objective is to test whether a comprehensive pre-conceptional parental weight loss intervention effectively reduces the risk of offspring overweight, and adiposity and its complications compared to a control group. AN  - NCT05798494 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - PRE-Pregnancy Weight Loss And the Reducing Effect on CHILDhood Overweight - Aarhus (PREPARE CHILD) TI  - PRE-Pregnancy Weight Loss And the Reducing Effect on CHILDhood Overweight - Aarhus
Volatile Anaesthesia and Perioperative Outcomes Related to Cancer: The VAPOR-C Trial; VAPOR-C is a randomised study of the impact of IV versus inhaled anaesthesia (propofol versus sevoflurane) and lidocaine versus no lidocaine on duration of disease free survival inpatients with either colorectal or non small cell lung cancer. AN  - NCT04316013 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Volatile Anaesthesia and Perioperative Outcomes Related to Cancer: The VAPOR-C Trial TI  - Volatile Anaesthesia and Perioperative Outcomes Related to Cancer: The VAPOR-C Trial
Enhancing Patient Ability to Understand and Utilize Complex Information Concerning Medication Self-management; The aim of the proposed project is to compare the effectiveness of two strategies designed to enhance patient understanding of medication risks/benefits: (1) Medication Guides, mandated for many medications by the Food and Drug Administration and (2) Drug Facts Boxes, developed by Woloshin and Schwartz to enhance the usability of consumer medication information. The investigators will also assess whether the effectiveness of these communication strategies can be increased by Gist Reasoning Training, which is designed to enhance patients' ability to extract meaningful gist from complex information.The investigators anticipate enrolling 300 individuals with rheumatoid arthritis. The study will use a randomized controlled trial design with four study arms. Data will be collected primarily via self-administered, Internet-based surveys using REDCap. All participants will be followed for 6 months after the completion of baseline data collection. AN  - NCT02820038 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Enhancing Patient Ability to Understand and Utilize Complex Information Concerning Medication Self-management TI  - Enhancing Patient Ability to Understand and Utilize Complex Information Concerning Medication Self-management
Precision Nutrition to Improve Cardiometabolic Health With Dietary (Poly)Phenols (PRE-CARE-DIET); This chronic study aims at assessing whether the effects of a personalized, plant-based diet rich in (poly)phenols on cardiometabolic health depend on the capability to metabolize dietary (poly)phenols, creating predictive models able to explain, at individual level, the cardiometabolic response. This study presents an observational part, for targeted recruitment and volunteers characterization, and an experimental part for the dietary and deep phenotyping. AN  - NCT06347094 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Precision Nutrition to Improve Cardiometabolic Health With Dietary (Poly)Phenols (PRE-CARE-DIET) TI  - Precision Nutrition to Improve Cardiometabolic Health With Dietary (Poly)Phenols (PRE-CARE-DIET)
Myeloma XIV: A Phase III Trial to Compare Standard and Frailty-adjusted Induction Therapy With Ixazomib, Lenalidomide and Dexamethasone (IRD) and Maintenance Lenalidomide (R) to Lenalidomide Plus Ixazomib (R+I); Exploratory objectives are prospective validation of a novel frailty risk score (UK-MRA Myeloma Risk Profile - MRP), usefulness of Karnofsky Performance Status (PS), and association of molecular subgroups with response, PFS and OS. AN  - NCT03720041 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Myeloma XIV: Frailty-adjusted Therapy in Transplant Non-Eligible Patients With Newly Diagnosed Multiple Myeloma (FiTNEss) TI  - Myeloma XIV: A Phase III Trial to Compare Standard and Frailty-adjusted Induction Therapy With Ixazomib, Lenalidomide and Dexamethasone (IRD) and Maintenance Lenalidomide (R) to Lenalidomide Plus Ixazomib (R+I)
Risk Communication About Post-operative Delirium (POD) and Post-operative Cognitive Dysfunction (POCD); The investigators hypothesize that the awareness for POD/POCD as potential risk in consequence of the surgery is very low in patients, and that therefore easy to use measure for prevention are underutilized by patients. AN  - NCT03953313 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Risk Communication About Post-operative Delirium (POD) and Post-operative Cognitive Dysfunction (POCD) TI  - Risk Communication About Post-operative Delirium (POD) and Post-operative Cognitive Dysfunction (POCD)
A Phase 3, Open-label, Non-controlled Study to Evaluate the Pharmacokinetics, Safety and Tolerability, and Efficacy of TAK-771 in Japanese Subjects With Primary Immunodeficiency Diseases (PID); There will be many clinic visits. The number of visits will depend on the infusion cycles of study drug (every 3, or 4 weeks). AN  - NCT05150340 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study of TAK-771 in Japanese People With Primary Immunodeficiency Diseases (PID) TI  - A Phase 3, Open-label, Non-controlled Study to Evaluate the Pharmacokinetics, Safety and Tolerability, and Efficacy of TAK-771 in Japanese Subjects With Primary Immunodeficiency Diseases (PID)
Open Label, Single Center, Phase 1 Dose Escalation and Extension Trial to Evaluate Safety and Tolerability of Chlorquine as Adjuvant Drug to Standard 4-drug Anti-tuberculosis Therapy in Healthy Volunteers; In vitro and in vivo data show promising results of adjunctive use of Chloroquine to standard tuberculosis therapy as Chloroquine enhances animicrobial effectiveness against intracellular MTB. To date, no safety data of the concurrent use of both treatments is availble. In a phase I trial, the investigators aim to evaluate safety and tolerability of the concurrent use of Chloroquine and standard anti-TB drug in healthy volunteers. AN  - NCT05443178 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Safety and Tolerability of Chlorquine in Addition to Anti-tuberculosis Therapy TI  - Open Label, Single Center, Phase 1 Dose Escalation and Extension Trial to Evaluate Safety and Tolerability of Chlorquine as Adjuvant Drug to Standard 4-drug Anti-tuberculosis Therapy in Healthy Volunteers
A Randomized, Triple-blind, Placebo- and Positive-Controlled, Parallel Group Study of the Effect of Buprenorphine Delivered by the Buprenorphine Transdermal System (BTDS) at Doses up to 80 mcg/Hour and Naltrexone on ECG Intervals in Healthy Adult Subjects; The purpose of this study is to evaluate the ECG effects of 10, 40, and 80 mcg/hr buprenorphine delivered by BTDS alone, or by BTDS dosed with naltrexone, relative to placebo in healthy male and female subjects. AN  - NCT01999114 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Effect of Buprenorphine Delivered by Buprenorphine Transdermal System (BTDS) at Doses up to 80 Micrograms/Hour (mcg/hr) and Naltrexone on Electrocardiogram (ECG) Intervals in Healthy Volunteers TI  - A Randomized, Triple-blind, Placebo- and Positive-Controlled, Parallel Group Study of the Effect of Buprenorphine Delivered by the Buprenorphine Transdermal System (BTDS) at Doses up to 80 mcg/Hour and Naltrexone on ECG Intervals in Healthy Adult Subjects
Incision Management With Prevena After Renal Transplant (IMPART) Trial: Negative Pressure Wound Therapy Versus Standard Dressings for Incision Management After Renal Transplant: a Multicentre, Partially-blinded Randomised Controlled Trial; The primary objective of this study is to determine if the Prevena Incision Management System reduces wound complications at the surgical site following renal transplant, when compared to standard dressings. Secondary: Secondary objectives of this study include identification of risk factors for wound complications at the surgical site, as well as re-operation, prolonged hospital stay, allograft survival, delayed graft function. This study will also assess pain, scar healing and quality of life in each treatment arm, and aim to complete a cost-benefit analysis of the Prevena device in renal transplantation. AN  - NCT03948412 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Negative Pressure Wound Therapy (PREVENA) Versus Standard Dressings for Incision Management After Renal Transplant (IMPART) TI  - Incision Management With Prevena After Renal Transplant (IMPART) Trial: Negative Pressure Wound Therapy Versus Standard Dressings for Incision Management After Renal Transplant: a Multicentre, Partially-blinded Randomised Controlled Trial
A Randomized Multicenter, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Comparison of Chemotherapy Plus Trastuzumab Plus Placebo Versus Chemotherapy Plus Trastuzumab Plus Pertuzumab as Adjuvant Therapy in Patients With Operable HER2-Positive Primary Breast Cancer; This randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, two-arm study will assess the safety and efficacy of pertuzumab in addition to chemotherapy plus trastuzumab as adjuvant therapy in participants with operable HER2-positive primary breast cancer. This study will be carried out in collaboration with the Breast International Group (BIG). AN  - NCT01358877 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study of Pertuzumab in Addition to Chemotherapy and Trastuzumab as Adjuvant Therapy in Participants With Human Epidermal Growth Receptor 2 (HER2)-Positive Primary Breast Cancer (APHINITY) TI  - A Randomized Multicenter, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Comparison of Chemotherapy Plus Trastuzumab Plus Placebo Versus Chemotherapy Plus Trastuzumab Plus Pertuzumab as Adjuvant Therapy in Patients With Operable HER2-Positive Primary Breast Cancer
Precision Medicine Applied to Locally Advanced or Metastatic Poorly Differentiated or Anaplastic Thyroid Cancer Using Tumor Derived Organoids and In-vitro Sensitivity Testing: a Phase 2, Single-center, Open-label, and Non-comparative Study; The current study aims to explore the potential advantages of chemotherapy that is implemented based on drug sensitivity testing. This pertains to individuals with locally advanced or metastatic poorly differentiated or anaplastic thyroid cancer who have undergone conventional therapy in the past or unresectable patients . AN  - NCT06713057 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Efficacy of Organoid-Based Chemotherapy Drug Precision Screening to Guide Treatment for Thyroid Cancer TI  - Precision Medicine Applied to Locally Advanced or Metastatic Poorly Differentiated or Anaplastic Thyroid Cancer Using Tumor Derived Organoids and In-vitro Sensitivity Testing: a Phase 2, Single-center, Open-label, and Non-comparative Study
A Randomised Double-blind Placebo-controlled Trial of Topical Sirolimus in Chemoprevention of Facial Squamous Cell Carcinomas in Solid Organ Transplant Recipients; 01.21 SiroSkin is a phase 3, double-blind, multi-centre, parallel-arm, randomised, placebo-controlled trial to evaluate the use of topical 1% sirolimus in the chemoprevention of skin cancer, versus placebo, applied every night for 24 weeks in solid organ transplant recipients. AN  - NCT05860881 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Topical Sirolimus in Chemoprevention of Facial Squamous Cell Carcinomas in Solid Organ Transplant Recipients (SiroSkin) (SiroSkin) TI  - A Randomised Double-blind Placebo-controlled Trial of Topical Sirolimus in Chemoprevention of Facial Squamous Cell Carcinomas in Solid Organ Transplant Recipients
An Open Label Evaluation of Intralesional Injection of Sodium Thiosulfate in the Treatment of Cutaneous or Tendon Calcinosis in Connective Tissue Disease; The specific objective of this study is to perform a small, open-label study to assess the safety and efficacy of intralesional, subcutaneous injection of STS on calcinosis symptoms and lesion size in systemic sclerosis (SSc), mixed connective tissue disease (MCTD) and dermatomyositis (DM) patients. Injection will be guided by ultrasound, lesion size assessed by ultrasound, and symptom burden by patient-reported outcome measures. AN  - NCT06672822 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Intralesional Injection of STS in Treatment of Calcinosis (STSINJ) TI  - An Open Label Evaluation of Intralesional Injection of Sodium Thiosulfate in the Treatment of Cutaneous or Tendon Calcinosis in Connective Tissue Disease
PRE-Pregnancy Weight Loss And the Reducing Effect on CHILDhood Overweight - a Randomized Controlled Study in Copenhagen; The overall objective is to test whether a comprehensive pre-conceptional parental weight loss intervention effectively reduces the risk of offspring overweight and adiposity and its complications compared to a control group. The investigators hypothesize that parental weight loss intervention, initiated before conception, will facilitate lower parental insulin resistance, inflammation, body weight and adiposity, incretin responses compared to usual care. For the offspring the investigators hypothesize that the intervention will reduce adverse pregnancy outcomes with a reduction in offspring neonatal adiposity, reduced risk of being born large for gestational age (LGA) and with lower BMI z-score at 18 months. AN  - NCT05621109 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - PRE-Pregnancy Weight Loss And the Reducing Effect on CHILDhood Overweight - Copenhagen (PREPARE CHILD) TI  - PRE-Pregnancy Weight Loss And the Reducing Effect on CHILDhood Overweight - a Randomized Controlled Study in Copenhagen
The Effects of Intermittent Epidural Bolus Versus Continuous Epidural Infusion on Fever for Labor Analgesia in Primiparous Women; Epidural analgesia is associated with maternal intra-partum fever during labor. Intermittent epidural injections appear to reduce the incidence of maternal intra-partum fever compared to continuous epidural infusion during labor analgesia. However, the optimal combination of bolus volume and administrating interval has not yet been compared. The purpose of this prospective, randomized, double-blind trial was to determine how intermittent epidural bolus reduced the incidence of maternal intra-partum fever compared with continuous epidural infusion during labor. AN  - NCT01708668 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - The Effects of Intermittent Epidural Bolus on Fever During Labor Analgesia (EIEBFLA) TI  - The Effects of Intermittent Epidural Bolus Versus Continuous Epidural Infusion on Fever for Labor Analgesia in Primiparous Women
A Parallel-arm, Double-blind, Placebo and Positive Controlled Multiple Oral Dose Administration Trial to Evaluate the Effects of OPC-34712 on QT/QTc in Subjects With Schizophrenia or Schizoaffective Disorder; - To examine the concentration-effect relationship of OPC-34712 and moxifloxacin on QTcI AN  - NCT01423916 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Trial to Evaluate the Effects of OPC-34712 on QT/QTc in Subjects With Schizophrenia or Schizoaffective Disorder TI  - A Parallel-arm, Double-blind, Placebo and Positive Controlled Multiple Oral Dose Administration Trial to Evaluate the Effects of OPC-34712 on QT/QTc in Subjects With Schizophrenia or Schizoaffective Disorder
A Randomized, Controlled, Open-Label, Multicenter Phase 3 Study of the Bruton's Tyrosine Kinase (BTK) Inhibitor, Ibrutinib, Versus Temsirolimus in Subjects With Relapsed or Refractory Mantle Cell Lymphoma Who Have Received at Least One Prior Therapy; The purpose of this study is to evaluate the efficacy and safety of ibrutinib versus temsirolimus in patients with relapsed or refractory mantle cell lymphoma who received at least 1 prior chemotherapy regimen. AN  - NCT01646021 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study of Ibrutinib (a Bruton's Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitor), Versus Temsirolimus in Patients With Relapsed or Refractory Mantle Cell Lymphoma Who Have Received at Least One Prior Therapy TI  - A Randomized, Controlled, Open-Label, Multicenter Phase 3 Study of the Bruton's Tyrosine Kinase (BTK) Inhibitor, Ibrutinib, Versus Temsirolimus in Subjects With Relapsed or Refractory Mantle Cell Lymphoma Who Have Received at Least One Prior Therapy
MITO27: Randomized Phase II Study on MK-3475 Plus Chemotherapy Versus Chemotherapy Alone in Recurrent, Platinum-resistant Ovarian Cancer; The study is designed to assess the therapeutic efficacy and toxicity of the combination chemotherapy with pembrolizumab in recurrent, platinum resistant OC patients. The main objective is to test whether the therapeutic intervention benefits the patients evaluating the increase in overall survival with respect to chemotherapy alone. AN  - NCT03539328 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study on MK-3475 Plus Chemotherapy Versus Chemotherapy Alone in Recurrent, Platinum-resistant Ovarian Cancer (MITO27) TI  - MITO27: Randomized Phase II Study on MK-3475 Plus Chemotherapy Versus Chemotherapy Alone in Recurrent, Platinum-resistant Ovarian Cancer
A Double-blind, Randomized, Placebo-controlled, Four-way Crossover Phase 1 Study Including an Open-label Positive Control (Moxifloxacin) to Assess the Effect of Repeated Daily Doses of 10 mg and 30 mg Macitentan on the QT/QTc Interval of the ECG in Healthy Male and Female Subjects; The study is intended to demonstrate that macitentan does not have an effect on cardiac repolarization exceeding the threshold of regulatory concern after repeated administration of daily oral doses of 10 and 30 mg to healthy male and female subjects. AN  - NCT02050802 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study to Assess the Effect of Macitentan on the Electrocardiogram (ECG) in Healthy Male and Female Subjects TI  - A Double-blind, Randomized, Placebo-controlled, Four-way Crossover Phase 1 Study Including an Open-label Positive Control (Moxifloxacin) to Assess the Effect of Repeated Daily Doses of 10 mg and 30 mg Macitentan on the QT/QTc Interval of the ECG in Healthy Male and Female Subjects
A Phase 2, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Multicenter Study To Confirm Dose Responsiveness Following 12 Weeks Of The Administration Of CP-690,550 (5 Doses) Or Placebo In Subjects With Active Rheumatoid Arthritis Inadequately Responding To At Least 1 DMARD; To evaluate the dose-response relationship of 5 dose of CP-690,550, compared to placebo for the treatment of signs and symptoms in patients with active RA who failed an adequate trial of therapy with at least 1 DMARD in a 12-week therapy. AN  - NCT00687193 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Comparison Of 5 CP-690,550 Doses Vs. Placebo, For The Treatment Of Rheumatoid Arthritis In Japan TI  - A Phase 2, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Multicenter Study To Confirm Dose Responsiveness Following 12 Weeks Of The Administration Of CP-690,550 (5 Doses) Or Placebo In Subjects With Active Rheumatoid Arthritis Inadequately Responding To At Least 1 DMARD
A Multi-center Randomized Phase II Study of Doxorubicin Liposome Versus Epirubicin Plus Cyclophosphamide Combined With Trastuzumab and Pertuzumab(HP), Followed by Taxon Plus HP as Neoadjuvant Therapy for HER2-positive Early Breast Cancer; We update protocol in Sep 2020, because Pertuzumab is approveled by Chinese goverment and coverd by national insurance, dual target therapy with Trastuzumab and Pertuzumab is the standard therapy for neoadjuvant therapy of HER2-positive EBC patients. AN  - NCT04172259 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - ACHP-THP vs EC-THP as Neoadjuvant Therapy for HER2-positive EBC TI  - A Multi-center Randomized Phase II Study of Doxorubicin Liposome Versus Epirubicin Plus Cyclophosphamide Combined With Trastuzumab and Pertuzumab(HP), Followed by Taxon Plus HP as Neoadjuvant Therapy for HER2-positive Early Breast Cancer
A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Phase 3 Trial of Doxorubicin Plus Olaratumab Versus Doxorubicin Plus Placebo in Patients With Advanced or Metastatic Soft Tissue Sarcoma; The main purpose of this study is to evaluate the efficacy of the combination of doxorubicin plus the study drug known as olaratumab versus doxorubicin plus placebo in participants with advanced or metastatic soft tissue sarcoma. AN  - NCT02451943 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study of Doxorubicin Plus Olaratumab (LY3012207) in Participants With Advanced or Metastatic Soft Tissue Sarcoma (ANNOUNCE) TI  - A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Phase 3 Trial of Doxorubicin Plus Olaratumab Versus Doxorubicin Plus Placebo in Patients With Advanced or Metastatic Soft Tissue Sarcoma
Vitamin D3 - Omega3 - Home Exercise - HeALTHy Aging and Longevity Cohort; The DO-HEALTH trial will be extended into the cohort including the collection on life style factors such as diet, quality of life and physical activity, as well as health-related data on co-morbid conditions as well as a standardized assessment of multiple organ functions, physical, cognitive and mental function using surveys and standardized health assessments. AN  - NCT05062018 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Vitamin D3 - Omega3 - Home Exercise - HeALTHy Aging and Longevity Cohort (DO-HEALTH-C) TI  - Vitamin D3 - Omega3 - Home Exercise - HeALTHy Aging and Longevity Cohort
AN OPEN-LABEL, RANDOMIZED PHASE 3 STUDY OF INOTUZUMAB OZOGAMICIN COMPARED TO A DEFINED INVESTIGATOR'S CHOICE IN ADULT PATIENTS WITH RELAPSED OR REFRACTORY CD22-POSITIVE ACUTE LYMPHOBLASTIC LEUKEMIA (ALL); This study will compare the efficacy, in terms of complete responses and overall survival, of inotuzumab ozogamicin versus investigator's choice of chemotherapy. AN  - NCT01564784 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study Of Inotuzumab Ozogamicin Versus Investigator's Choice Of Chemotherapy In Patients With Relapsed Or Refractory Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia TI  - AN OPEN-LABEL, RANDOMIZED PHASE 3 STUDY OF INOTUZUMAB OZOGAMICIN COMPARED TO A DEFINED INVESTIGATOR'S CHOICE IN ADULT PATIENTS WITH RELAPSED OR REFRACTORY CD22-POSITIVE ACUTE LYMPHOBLASTIC LEUKEMIA (ALL)
A Study of Patient Preferences and Drivers of Treatment Satisfaction in Patients With Rosacea; To survey patients with rosacea about their rosacea treatment preferences as well as to assess potential drivers of rosacea treatment satisfaction. AN  - NCT02602470 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Preferences & Treatment Satisfaction Drivers in Rosacea Patients TI  - A Study of Patient Preferences and Drivers of Treatment Satisfaction in Patients With Rosacea
A Phase 2 Randomized Open-Label Study Of Letrozole In Combination With Two Dose Levels And Schedules Of Oral Temsirolimus (CCI-779), Or Letrozole Alone, In Postmenopausal Women With Locally Advanced Or Metastatic Breast Cancer; To evaluate the preliminary activity and pharmacokinetics of 2 separate doses and schedules of orally administered Temsirolimus (CCI-779) given in combination with daily letrozole, compared to letrozole alone, in the treatment of locally advanced or metastatic breast cancer in postmenopausal women. All patients must be appropriate to receive endocrine therapy as treatment for advanced disease. AN  - NCT00062751 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study Evaluating Temsirolimus (CCI-779) In Breast Neoplasms TI  - A Phase 2 Randomized Open-Label Study Of Letrozole In Combination With Two Dose Levels And Schedules Of Oral Temsirolimus (CCI-779), Or Letrozole Alone, In Postmenopausal Women With Locally Advanced Or Metastatic Breast Cancer
A Multicenter, Randomized, Double-blind, Active-controlled, Parallel Group, 2-arm Study to Show Superiority of the Oral Contraceptive SH T00658ID Over Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo on Hormone Withdrawal-associated Symptoms After 6 Cycles of Treatment.; The objective of the study is to compare the oral contraceptive (OC) SH T00658ID over Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo administered for 13 cycles to healthy female volunteers between 18 and 50 years of age who request oral contraceptive protection. Subjects on a levonorgestrel (LNG), norgestimate (NGM), norethindrone or norethindrone acetate containing oral contraceptive in a 21-day regimen suffering from hormone withdrawal-associated symptoms such as pelvic pain or headache or both, and willing to continue OC use but to switch to SH T00658ID or Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo. AN  - NCT00754065 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - To Compare SH T00658ID Over Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo (US/Canada) TI  - A Multicenter, Randomized, Double-blind, Active-controlled, Parallel Group, 2-arm Study to Show Superiority of the Oral Contraceptive SH T00658ID Over Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo on Hormone Withdrawal-associated Symptoms After 6 Cycles of Treatment.
AN OPEN-LABEL, RANDOMIZED, PHASE 3 STUDY OF INOTUZUMAB OZOGAMICIN ADMINISTERED IN COMBINATION WITH RITUXIMAB COMPARED TO DEFINED INVESTIGATOR'S CHOICE THERAPY IN SUBJECTS WITH RELAPSED OR REFRACTORY CD22-POSITIVE AGGRESSIVE NON-HODGKIN LYMPHOMA WHO ARE NOT CANDIDATES FOR INTENSIVE HIGH-DOSE CHEMOTHERAPY; The purpose of this study is to evaluate the efficacy of inotuzumab ozogamicin plus rituximab in relapsed/refractory aggressive Non-Hodgkin lymphoma patients who are not candidates for intensive high-dose chemotherapy. Specifically, the goal is to demonstrate the superiority of this combination compared with an active comparator arm (investigator's choice of rituximab+bendamustine or rituximab+gemcitabine) using the primary endpoint of overall survival. AN  - NCT01232556 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Study Of Inotuzumab Ozogamicin Plus Rituximab For Relapsed/Refractory Aggressive Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma Patients Who Are Not Candidates For Intensive High-Dose Chemotherapy TI  - AN OPEN-LABEL, RANDOMIZED, PHASE 3 STUDY OF INOTUZUMAB OZOGAMICIN ADMINISTERED IN COMBINATION WITH RITUXIMAB COMPARED TO DEFINED INVESTIGATOR'S CHOICE THERAPY IN SUBJECTS WITH RELAPSED OR REFRACTORY CD22-POSITIVE AGGRESSIVE NON-HODGKIN LYMPHOMA WHO ARE NOT CANDIDATES FOR INTENSIVE HIGH-DOSE CHEMOTHERAPY
A Retrospective Medical Record Review of First-Line Sunitinib Administration Schedules and Outcomes Among Patients With Metastatic Renal Cell Carcinoma in Latin America; To describe real-world demographic and clinical characteristics, treatment characteristics, and clinical outcomes among patients in Latin America who were treated with first-line sunitinib for metastatic renal cell carcinoma and switched from the 4/2 to 2/1 administration schedule AN  - NCT04115189 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - A Retrospective Medical Record Review of First-Line Sunitinib Administration Schedules and Outcomes Among Patients With mRCC in Latin America (LA) TI  - A Retrospective Medical Record Review of First-Line Sunitinib Administration Schedules and Outcomes Among Patients With Metastatic Renal Cell Carcinoma in Latin America
Efficacy, Safety, Tolerability, Immunogenicity and Pharmacokinetic Evaluation of HYQVIA in Pediatric Subjects With Primary Immunodeficiency Diseases; The purpose of the study is to acquire additional data on efficacy, safety, tolerability, immunogenicity, pharmacokinetic (PK) and other parameters of HYQVIA in pediatric (age ≥ 2 to <16 years) participants with primary immunodeficiency disease (PIDD). AN  - NCT03277313 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Efficacy, Safety, Tolerability, Immunogenicity and Pharmacokinetic Evaluation of HYQVIA in Pediatric PIDD Subjects TI  - Efficacy, Safety, Tolerability, Immunogenicity and Pharmacokinetic Evaluation of HYQVIA in Pediatric Subjects With Primary Immunodeficiency Diseases
Nursing Prehabilitation Intervention Supported With Technology for Vascular Surgery in People With Type 2 Diabetes; Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM) is the most common chronic lifestyle-related disorder with a significant impact on quality and healthcare expenditures. Insufficient glycemic control and low fitness level prior to a surgical intervention results in more postoperative complications which leads to a longer hospitalization, higher costs and mortality. A prehabilitation intervention in persons with T2DM prior to surgery should be aimed to improve glucose regulation and translate into better outcomes. However, the classic interventions such as Combined Lifestyle Intervention are labor-intensive and require a high degree of organization and therefore are not used as standard care. The use of biofeedback can provide a solution to this. Biofeedback with a continuous glucose sensor in combination with lifestyle monitoring by activity trackers and coaching prior to surgery is a promising but unexplored prehabilitation strategy. The Nursing Prehabilitation Intervention Supported with Technology for vascular Surgery in People with Type 2 Diabetes (VITAAAL) intervention is a form of blended care. It focuses on improving vitality and glycemic control before surgery with the Diameter application, using intermittently scanned glucose monitoring, nutrition habits and physical activity blended with coaching from a nurse practitioner (NP) diabetes. Because VITAAAL is a novel intervention, the aim of this pilot study is to investigate its usability and feasibility. The pilot study consists of three phases. After the first phase, a specific prehabilitation module will be designed and programmed in the Diameter app. This module will be based on the results and experiences in phase one. In phase two and three the patients will use the adjusted version of the Diameter app that contains implemented findings of the previous phase. AN  - NCT06248775 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Nursing Prehabilitation Intervention Supported With Technology for Vascular Surgery in People With Type 2 Diabetes (VITAAAL) TI  - Nursing Prehabilitation Intervention Supported With Technology for Vascular Surgery in People With Type 2 Diabetes
A Multicenter, Randomized, Addition to Baseline Treatment, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Phase 3 Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Satralizumab (SA237) in Patients With Neuromyelitis Optica (NMO) and NMO Spectrum Disorder (NMOSD); The objective of this study is to evaluate the efficacy, safety, pharmacodynamic, pharmacokinetic, and immunogenic profiles of satralizumab, compared with placebo, in addition to baseline immunosuppressive treatment in participants with NMO and NMOSD. AN  - NCT02028884 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Efficacy and Safety Study of Satralizumab (SA237) as Add-on Therapy to Treat Participants With Neuromyelitis Optica (NMO) and NMO Spectrum Disorder (NMOSD) TI  - A Multicenter, Randomized, Addition to Baseline Treatment, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Phase 3 Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Satralizumab (SA237) in Patients With Neuromyelitis Optica (NMO) and NMO Spectrum Disorder (NMOSD)
Protocol for the Study and Treatment of Patients With Intraocular Retinoblastoma; In this study, researchers want to investigate how different participants respond to different therapies that are individualized specifically for them. Participants will be divided into three main groups, depending on whether the disease is unilateral or bilateral, and the stage of the disease. One of the main objectives of the study is to investigate how advanced tumors in children with bilateral disease respond to a new combination of chemotherapy with topotecan and vincristine, with G-CSF support. In order to improve results, some children with very advanced disease may receive carboplatin chemotherapy given around the eye at the same time that they receive topotecan by vein. Also, because children with retinoblastoma are diagnosed so early in life and the vision may be significantly impaired, this study will investigate how children develop and how the brain adjusts and compensates for the visual deficits. Finally, this study also investigates the biology of retinoblastoma, in order to understand better how this cancer develops. AN  - NCT00186888 SF  - ClinicalTrials.gov ST  - Study of Treatment for Patients With Cancer of the Eye -Retinoblastoma TI  - Protocol for the Study and Treatment of Patients With Intraocular Retinoblastoma
