The Effect of Minocycline on Relapse After Successful Intravenous Ketamine/Minocycline-induced Symptoms Response in Subjects with Depression; INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Ketamine Panpharma Product Name: Ketamine Panpharma ‐ solution injectable ‐ 50 mg/5 ml Pharmaceutical Form: Solution for injection INN or Proposed INN: KETAMINE HYDROCHLORIDE Other descriptive name: KETAMINE HYDROCHLORIDE Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ Trade Name: Minocin Product Name: Minocin ‐ hard capsule ‐ 100 mg Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule, hard INN or Proposed INN: MINOCYCLINE HYDROCHLORIDE CAS Number: 13614‐98‐7 Other descriptive name: MINOCYCLINE HYDROCHLORIDE Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 100‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Capsule, hard Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use CONDITION: Depressive Disorder ; MedDRA version: 17.0 Level: PT Classification code 10004940 Term: Bipolar II disorder System Organ Class: 10037175 ‐ Psychiatric disorders ; MedDRA version: 17.0 Level: PT Classification code 10057840 Term: Major depression System Organ Class: 10037175 ‐ Psychiatric disorders Therapeutic area: Psychiatry and Psychology [F] ‐ Mental Disorders [F03] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: The primary objective of this study is to assess whether the antidepressant response to IV ketamine can be maintained by minocycline compared to placebo. Primary end point(s): The primary efficacy endpoint will be the proportion of subjects who survive relapse‐free (among responders). Secondary Objective: To investigate the safety and tolerability of the administered study medications (i.e., ketamine and minocycline).; ; To investigate the effect of minocycline on symptoms of depression in ketamine non‐responders. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Day 54 (Week 6) of the 6‐week blinded treatment period. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): 1. The change in MADRS total score among non‐responders from pre‐randomization to end‐of‐study. ; 2. Change in the MADRS total score from baseline during the IV ketamine treatment phase. ; 3. Change in the MADRS total score from baseline after IV ketamine treatment phase. ; 4. Response (reduction = 50% in MADRS total score relative to baseline) rate during the IV ketamine treatment phase. ; 5. Time to relapse (among responders) following completion of the IV ketamine infusion schedule. ; 6. Effect on Columbia Suicide Severity Rating Scale (C‐SSRS). Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 1. From Day 12 to Day 54. ; 2. Days 1, 3, 5, 8, 10, and 12. ; 3. Days 1, 20, 27, 34, 41, 48, and 54. ; 4. Days 1, 3, 5, 8, 10 and 12. ; 5. Day 12 to Day 54. ; 6. Day 1, 12 & 54. ; ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐ Diagnostic criteria for moderate to severe major depressive disorder (MDD), without mood incongruent psychotic features, or Bipolar Disorder Type II ‐ Patients should have an Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology‐Clinician Rated (IDS‐C30) total score = 34 at Screening and at Day 1 (predose) ‐ Patients with major depressive disorder should have failed at least two adequate treatment courses (dose and duration) with antidepressant therapy, one of which is in the current episode ‐ Patients should not have received electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in the current episode but could be those for whom ECT is considered ‐ Patients currently taking an antidepressant(s) must have recei ‐ Patients with bipolar depression (BPD) Type II must have been taking a stable dose of a mood‐stabilizing medication (e.g., lithium, valproate, carbamazepine, lamotrigine, antipsychotic agents) for at least 4 weeks, dosed clinically to target the therapeutic range
The Effect of Minocycline on Relapse After Successful Intravenous Ketamine/Minocycline-induced Symptoms Response in Subjects With Depression; This is a placebo‐controlled (i.e., an inactive substance that is compared with a drug to test whether the drug has a real effect in a clinical trial), double‐blind (neither physician nor patient knows the treatment that the patient receives) randomized (the drug is assigned by chance) study in patients with Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) and Bipolar Disorder Type II. The study is designed to assess whether the antidepressant response to treatment with intravenous (IV) ketamine can be maintained by treatment with minocycline in patients with MDD and Bipolar Depression Type II (compared to placebo). Both hospitalized patients as well as patients being treated as an outpatient for their current episode of depression can qualify for participation in this study. The study has four sequential phases: if eligibility for the study has been confirmed during the 21‐day screening phase, the patients will enter a 12‐day open‐label (ie, patient and physician know the intervention that is being administered) treatment phase during which the patient will receive 6 open‐label IV infusions of 0.5 mg/kg ketamine on Day 1, 3, 5, 8, 10 and 12 in combination with open‐label minocycline, orally administered twice daily. All patients will remain at the study site for at least 4 hours after the IV ketamine administrations. Response to treatment will be assessed using the Montgomery‐Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) which is designed to measure the overall severity of depressive symptoms. Patients responding to ketamine/minocycline treatment will be randomized to receive minocycline or placebo for 6 weeks during a 6‐week blinded treatment phase or until relapse. A patient will be defined as a "ketamine responder" if there is a 50% or more decrease in comparison to baseline values (Day 1 predose) in the MADRS total score performed at 3 to 4 hours postdose on Days 8, 10, or 12, with a 40% or more decrease from baseline in the MADRS total score on Day 12. Patients not responding to treatment with ketamine/minocycline will be given the option to receive 100 mg minocycline twice daily as open‐label treatment for a maximum of 6 weeks. The patients (both responders and non‐responders) will have weekly visits following last dose of ketamine until Day 54 (responders/non‐responders) or until relapse (responders) whichever comes first, to determine the duration of the antidepressant effect and to assess safety and tolerability after completion of treatment. Upon completion of the study (Day 54) or at time of relapse all patients will have an end‐of‐study visit. All patients can return to standard of care treatment at the end of the study. The total study duration for each patient will be maximally 11 weeks.
Minocycline as a new treatment for depression; INTERVENTION: 200 mg/day of oral (1 tablet bidaily) adjunctive minocycline will be trialled against placebo for 12 weeks to determine the efficacy of minocycline for the treatment of unipolar depression. CONDITION: Unipolar depression PRIMARY OUTCOME: Change in depressive symptoms based on the Montgomery‐Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) SECONDARY OUTCOME: Analysis of inflammatory and oxidative biomarkers in peripheral blood samples (pending further funding) Change in Clincial Global Impressions ‐ Severity Scale (CGI‐S) Change in Clinical Global Impressions ‐ Improvement Scale (CGI‐I) Change in anxiety symptoms based on the Hamilton Anxeity Rating Scale (HAM‐A) Change in functioning based on the Range of Impaired Functioning Tool (LIFE/RIFT) Change in functioning based on the Social and Occupational Functioning Assessment Scale (SOFAS) Change in quality of lifre based on the Quality of Life Enjoyment and Satisfaction Questionnaire (Q‐LES‐Q) Changes in MADRS, CGI‐I, CGI‐S, HAM‐A, SOFAS, LIFE/RIFT and Q‐LES‐Q following discontinuation of trial medication. Investigation of safety and tolerability using adverse events (for example, changes in skin pigmentation) INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐Aged 18 or over ‐Capacity to consent to the study and to follow its instructions and procedures ‐Fulfil the DSM‐IV‐TR diagnostic criteria for major depressive disorder, single episode or recurrent, as well as scoring 20 or over on the MADRS, at the baseline visit ‐Participants on antidepressant therapy need to have been on the same treatment for at least two weeks prior to randomisation ‐Utilising effective contraception (other than the contraceptive pill due to drug interactions) if female of child‐bearing age and sexually active
A Study of Infliximab for Treatment Resistant Major Depression; Major depression has become a health crisis of epidemic proportions in the modern world. The prevalence of major depression has risen over the last several generations in every country examined, and age of symptom onset has decreased. Currently the fourth leading health burden worldwide, major depression will rank second after cardiac disease as a cause of international medical morbidity by the year 2020. One in six individuals in the United States will experience an episode of major depression in his or her lifetime, and the risk of subsequent episodes rises dramatically once a person has been depressed. Indeed, depression is now recognized to be a highly chronic and recurrent illness. On average, patients with major depression are symptomatic 60% of the time, even when receiving community‐standard antidepressant treatment. Recent estimates place the economic burden of depression in the United States at 83 billion dollars a year. Depression is associated with greater disability than are most other chronic illnesses and is a risk factor for mortality. Suicide ranks among the top ten causes of death in the United States, and best estimates suggest that 60‐70% of people who kill themselves are clinically depressed. Between 10‐15% of severely depressed people eventually commit suicide. In addition, many studies indicate that depression significantly increases all‐cause mortality independently of suicide. Depression predicts the later development of a number of medical conditions, including cardiac and cerebrovascular disease, hypertension,diabetes,obesity and the metabolic syndrome,dementia, and cancer. Depression also markedly increases mortality in patients who are medically ill and has been associated with decreased responses to pharmacological treatments for cancer and hepatitis C. Unfortunately, most patients with depression do not experience a complete resolution of symptoms with antidepressant treatment and 10‐20% of patients are refractory to all currently available modalities, including electroconvulsive shock (ECT) therapy. ECT is often effective in patients who have failed adequate trials of multiple antidepressants, but is associated with the risk of anesthesia and with significant short term memory impairment. Responses to ECT are short‐lived, and many patients who respond subsequently relapse, even when on maintenance antidepressants. In addition to efficacy issues, many patients are unable to tolerate side effects associated with antidepressants or ECT. The risks of not responding to (or tolerating) treatment have been highlighted by recent studies documenting that partial—but incomplete—response is associated with an increased risk of full symptomatic relapse (even when on therapy) and a worse long term disease course, as well as with significantly impaired quality of life. Treatment resistance also results in a six times increase in direct health care costs. These factors highlight the tremendous need to identify novel treatment strategies, especially for depressed patients who are unresponsive to conventional therapies. One possible mechanism that may contribute to treatment resistance is increased proinflammatory cytokine production and release. Several lines of evidence indicate that proinflammatory cytokines participate in the pathophysiology of major depression and may thus represent a novel target for the pharmacological treatment of the disorder. First, a high percentage of patients who receive cytokine therapies (such as interferon‐alpha for malignant melanoma or hepatitis C infection) develop depressive symptoms, and many patients meet full criteria for major depression. Interferon‐alpha‐induced depressive symptoms can be ameliorated by pre‐treatment with an antidepressant and respond to antidepressants once they have emerged. Second, many studies report that, as a group, medically healthy patients with depression exhibit elevated measures of proinflammatory cytokines, including tumor necrosis factor (TNF)‐alpha, interleukin (IL)‐1 and IL‐6. Moreover, a positive relationship between serum concentrations of proinflammatory cytokines and severity of depressive symptoms has been recently reported. Third, antidepressants have been shown to have anti‐inflammatory activity and may work—at least in part—by reducing inflammatory activity, given evidence that clinical response is associated with reductions in cytokine levels. These data raise the possibility that cytokine antagonists, such as the chimeric anti‐TNF‐alpha antibody infliximab, might have antidepressant efficacy. Of special relevance to this proposal, patients who are treatment resistant have been shown to exhibit increased inflammatory activity (as reflected by increased plasma concentrations of interleukin [IL]‐6 and the soluble IL‐6 receptor [sIL‐6R]), suggesting that cytokine antagonists might be especially effective in these patients. Providing care to patients with inflammatory bowel disease has given us the clear clinical impression that infliximab rapidly improves mood and energy levels in many patients prior to any demonstrable changes in bowel pathology. This impression is in line with a growing body of evidence suggesting that TNF‐alpha antagonists improve emotional functioning and fatigue in patients receiving these agents for rheumatoid arthritis and inflammatory bowel disease. These findings in patients with inflammatory diseases are consistent with the notion that TNF‐alpha antagonists such as infliximab might provide acute symptomatic relief for medically healthy patients with treatment‐resistant major depression and that symptom improvement might result from decreased inflammatory activity. Moreover, medically healthy depressed patients with increased inflammatory activity may be most likely to benefit from anti‐TNF‐alpha therapy.
Efficacy and Safety Curcumin in Depression; Antidepressants generally do not lead to an immediate relief of symptoms. Most people will not see a significant improvement for at least 4 weeks. Studies have generally shown that the full benefits of antidepressant therapy may take as long as 8 to 12 weeks. However, this timeline is variable among individuals.Curcumin is one of the main curcuminoids isolated from this perennial herb. It possesses a variety of pharmacological activities, including anti‐inflammatory, antiproliferative, antioxidant, and neuroprotective effects. Curcumin has been found to possess antidepressant action in various animal models of depression. Chronic administration of curcumin has been reported to exert antidepressant‐like action in olfactory bulbectomy model of depression in rats. Although the mechanism of the antidepressant effect of curcumin is not fully understood, it is hypothesized that it acts through inhibiting the monoamine oxidase enzyme and modulating the release of serotonin and dopamine.In randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled study 40 patients will be randomized to receive either 500 mg/day of curcumin or placebo together with antidepressants for 6 weeks.
DBS of the Lateral Habenula in Treatment-Resistant Depression; This research study includes the following parts: 1. medical, psychiatric, and cognitiveevaluations 2. implantation of the brain stimulation system, and 3. follow up includingprogramming and psychiatric testing after the implantation 1. Medical, psychiatric, and cognitive evaluations:For those subjects that are found to be eligible and agree to participate in thestudy, they will be asked more detailed questions about their symptoms, mood, andthinking on another visit before receiving the implantation. The investigator willask detailed questions about the subject's psychiatric and medical history, and willask for a list of medications along with response to previous treatments. Thesubject will also be asked to fill out several questionnaires.Subjects will be asked to give a sample of both blood and urine for standard labevaluations. All subjects will be tested for the presence of drugs of abuse in theirurine. All women of child bearing potential will also be tested for pregnancy. Ifany of the test results are positive, the subject cannot continue to be part of thisstudy, but can receive other standard clinical care by a treating psychiatrist.As part of the pre‐operative clinical evaluation, all subjects will be evaluated bya neurosurgeon, and, potentially, a medical specialist for surgical optimization, aswell as an anesthesiologist for an intra‐operative risk assessment. Prior tosurgery, an independent evaluator who is not affiliated with the research study willconfirm the diagnosis of MDD and assess the subject's understanding of the risks ofthe surgery and follow‐up care.Additionally, subjects will have two pre‐surgical magnetic resonance imaging (MRI)scans. This is to ensure accurate placement of the system leads and will take placethe the month before surgery. Subjects will also have neuropsychological testing(cognitive tests of memory and thinking skills) before and after surgery. 2. Implantation of the brain stimulation system:The brain stimulation system is implanted inside the subject's body. The implanted systemis made up of three major parts: ‐ The leads are made of four insulated wires with four electrodes at the end. ‐ The extensions connect the lead to the neurostimulator (power source). ‐ The neurostimulator (battery) is the power source of the system.The neurostimulator is a metal "can", which depending on the model the subject receives,will be in the range of about 2 or 3 inches in diameter and about ½ inch thick. Itcontains a small battery and produces the electrical impulses needed for stimulation. Forthis study a rechargeable battery will be used; this battery cannot be replaced withoutreplacing the entire neurostimulator. Replacing the neurostimulator involves minorsurgery. Although battery life varies for each subject depending on the type andintensity of stimulation needed for good symptom relief, the use of a rechargeablebattery will extend the time before it must be replaced. A hand held control magnet isused to turn the therapy on and off.Subjects will have two leads and one neurostimulator implanted,. The surgeon may placethe neurostimulator either near the collarbone or within the abdomen.Devices will be implanted in a staged fashion, meaning that subjects will have each leadplaced in one individual procedure. The lead extensions and neurostimulator will beplaced during the second procedure, after the second lead has been placed. The leadimplant surgeries will take place approximately 1‐2 weeks apart. On the evenings beforesurgeries, subjects may be instructed to stop taking all of their medications. This is sothe effect of the deep brain stimulation on the subject's symptoms can best bedetermined. Subjects will be admitted to the hospital the mornings of each surgery andmay have their head shaved prior to surgery to help prevent infection. Additionally, thesurgical team will assess the subject's emotional and physical status on the morning ofthe second surgery and will notify the study team if there are any concerns.The day of each surgery, the following steps may occur: 1. Pictures of the brain will be taken using computer‐aided tomography (CT) scans and3D imaging. This will be combined with the previous MRI scans and allow the surgeonto determine the area in the brain where the leads will be placed. A CT scan ‐ alsocalled CT or computerized tomography ‐ is an X‐ray procedure where a high‐speedcomputer is used to make multiple images or pictures of the body. Subjects will beasked to lie still on a table and at time may have to hold their breath for a fewseconds in order to avoid blurring the pictures. Subjects may have 1 CT scan beforeand after each surgery to ensure the leads are in the correct locations on thebrain. 2. In the operating room, a metal frame will be attached to the head. The frame is aspecial instrument that allows the surgeon to find the correct path to the targetsite in the brain. Local anesthetic will be given so that the pins, which hold theframe to the head, do not hurt. 3. Subjects will be positioned on the operating table and a catheter will be insertedand antibiotics will be given through an intravenous (IV) line placed in the arm.Vital signs will be monitored. The metal frame attached to the subject's head willalso be attached to the operating table for safety. The subject's head will besterile prepared for the procedure. 4. A small hole will be drilled in the skull, for the lead to be implanted that day (2total leads placed 1 at a time on 2 separate surgery days). The subject will receivelocal anesthesia before this procedure. 5. The lead is then passed into the brain to the desired site. Test stimulation will beperformed to determine if there are unwanted side effects. Once test stimulation iscomplete, the device will be turned "off" until the entire system has been implanted(i.e., both leads, extensions, and neurostimulator) and the subject has recoveredfrom the surgeries. 6. A cap will be placed over the hole in the skull. The cap also holds the lead inposition. 7. The metal frame is then removed from the subject's head. 8. After the implantation procedures, additional CT brain imaging will be performed. 9. The extensions and neurostimulator will be placed during the second surgery (abouttwo weeks following the first surgery), after the second lead has been placed on theother side of the brain. This part is performed under general anesthesia. Someadditional blood tests may be performed to confirm the subject is stable.The subject will be admitted the morning of surgery and stay in the hospital overnightafter each surgery. They will typically be discharged the next day once it is determinedthat they are in stable conditionInterim Clinical Assessment: If the second surgery is to be performed within 2 weeks ofthe first surgery, the subject may not have an interim clinical assessment performed.However, if your second stage surgery is scheduled 2 weeks or more after the first stage,this visit will be performed. During this visit, the subject will be evaluated onrecovery from the first surgery and asked about depressive symptoms. Subjects will alsobe asked to fill out several questionnaires. This visit will take place at the BaylorPsychiatry Clinic and will last approximately one hour.Either way, for both surgeries, standard surgical follow up procedures will be followed.The surgical team will follow up with the subject after each surgery on the day they havesurgery and prior to discharge while they are still in the hospital. The surgical teamwill also follow up with the subject within a week of discharge. They will assess thesubject's emotional and physical status and will bring the subject in as soon as possiblefor further evaluation if there are any concerns. 3) Follow‐up programming and psychiatric assessments The study physician see subjectsfor follow up after surgery. Follow up visits are scheduled after subjects areimplanted. During these visits, the study physicians or other clinicians will assessthe subject's condition using various standardized questionnaires.Frequent, non‐invasive adjustment to the stimulation parameters may be required toachieve optimal symptom response. This adjustment period may take weeks or months.The DBS device will be turned "on" during the first programming visit with the studydoctor, about 2 weeks after the second surgery. 4) Duration of treatment The optimization period generally lasts about 8 weeks, afterwhich modulation appointments are scheduled monthly or on an as needed basis. A CTscan will be performed at Month 3 to check on the placement of the subject's leads.The subject will receive up to 5 total CT scans. 1 CT scan before and after eachsurgery and 1 CT scan at the 3‐month checkup mark. These 5 CT scans are to ensurethe leads are in the correct locations of the subject's brain. If a subject respondsto the treatment, stimulation may be temporarily discontinued between months 12 and18 to find out if the response is because of the treatment. The subject will not betold when this discontinuation occurs and they will be carefully monitored duringthis time (seen approximately every 2 weeks). If symptoms worsen, the subject willbe informed if stimulation was discontinued, and they will have the option to havestimulation restarted. If the subject continues to do well without stimulation, theymay be offered the opportunity to continue without stimulation, consider removingthe device, or to restart stimulation.For subjects that do not respond to the DBS treatment, the system will remain implantedunless the subject desires for it to be removed or it is medically necessary that it beremoved. After the End of the Study (Month 18), the device will remain implanted insubjects that are doing well clinically.Because the battery life is approximately 7‐9 years, every 7‐9 years batteries will needto be replaced. This requires subjects to undergo a brief surgery to have theneurostimulator replaced ‐ the neurostimulator contains a small rechargeable battery andproduces the electrical impulses needed for stimulation. When the battery can no longerbe recharged, the neurostimulator must be replaced. Once a subject has exited the study,their insurance may not pay for device replacements or other medical care related to thedevice.
Elevated macrophage migration inhibitory factor and decreased transforming growth factor-beta levels in major depression--no influence of celecoxib treatment; OBJECTIVES: The involvement of an immune process in the pathophysiology of major depression disorder (MDD) was substantiated by studies demonstrating elevated levels of proinflammatory cytokines and prostaglandin E(2) (PGE(2)). Cyclooxygenase‐2 (COX‐2) inhibitors lead to a reduced production of PGE(2) and have been shown to improve depressive symptoms. We investigated the three immune parameters macrophage migration inhibitory factor (MIF), transforming growth factor‐β (TGF‐β) and soluble CD14 (sCD14) in a randomized, placebo‐controlled trial of the COX‐2 inhibitor celecoxib as add‐on therapy in patients with MDD treated with reboxetine. METHODS: Thirty‐two patients with depression and 20 healthy controls participated in the study. The patients were treated with reboxetine and celecoxib or placebo. Immune parameters were measured from serum at baseline, after three and five weeks using ELISA. RESULTS: Celecoxib as add‐on strategy resulted in a significant reduction of Hamilton Depression Scale scores compared to placebo. Depressed patients showed significantly elevated MIF (p < 0.001) and reduced TGF‐β (p = 0.006) concentrations at baseline. There was no difference in sCD14‐concentrations. There was no difference between the placebo and the celecoxib group and no change over time. LIMITATIONS: Limitations of the study are the relatively small sample size and lack of functional assessment of HPA axis in parallel. CONCLUSIONS: MIF is a promising new candidate in the neuro‐immune interplay that may link depressive symptoms, altered immune state and HPA‐axis dysregulation. Reduced levels of TGF‐β replicate previous findings and support the importance of this regulatory cytokine in major depressive disorder.
A Trial of Inflammatory Markers, Depressive Symptoms, and Heart Disease; Depressive symptoms and inflammatory markers have both been proposed as measures that indicate/precede coronary artery disease (CAD). However, no controlled research study has tested the impact of these two candidate CAD risk factors within the same design to see the directionality of their influence. This study will explore if simvastatin reduces depressive symptoms and if sertraline reduces C‐Reactive protein (CRP). Additionally, the recruitment process will help determine the feasibility of a larger trial, powered for significance testing. Three hundred and seventy‐five participants will be consented and screened for this study. We expect forty‐two otherwise healthy outpatients to have both elevated symptoms and high CRP levels, and be willing to be randomly assigned to sertraline, an antidepressant, simvastatin, a drug with anti‐inflammatory properties, or a placebo for 8 weeks. Depressive symptoms and inflammatory indicators will be assessed before treatment (screening and baseline), mid‐treatment (after 4 weeks), post‐treatment (after 8 weeks), and a follow‐up visit (after 12 weeks), using blood tests and depression interviews. We expect that both inflammation and depressive symptoms may be reduced by both medications, but the number of subjects needed to test this hypothesis is not yet known. Hence, this pilot study will be conducted. Knowledge about the inter‐dependency of these two CAD risk factors allows the most promising future observational/intervention studies to be designed and conducted.
Effect of celecoxib add-on treatment on symptoms and serum IL-6 concentrations in patients with major depressive disorder: randomized double-blind placebo-controlled study; BACKGROUND: It has been proposed that the mechanism of the antidepressant effect of celecoxib is linked to its anti‐inflammatory action and particularly its inhibitory effect on pro‐inflammatory cytokines (e.g. interleukin‐6(IL‐6)). We measured changes in serum IL‐6 concentrations and depressive symptoms following administration of celecoxib in patients with major depressive disorder (MDD). METHODS: In a randomized double‐blind placebo‐controlled study, 40 patients with MDD and Hamilton Depression Rating Scale‐17 items (Ham‐D) score ≥18 were randomly assigned to either celecoxib (200mg twice daily) or placebo in addition to sertraline (200mg/day) for 6 weeks. Outcome measures were serum IL‐6 concentrations at baseline and week 6, and Ham‐D scores at baseline and weeks 1, 2, 4, and 6. RESULTS: The celecoxib group showed significantly greater reduction in serum IL‐6 concentrations (mean difference (95%CI)=0.42(0.30 to 0.55) pg/ml, t(35)=6.727, P<0.001) as well as Ham‐D scores (mean difference (95%CI)=3.35(1.08 to 5.61), t(38)=2.99, P=0.005) than the placebo group. The patients in the celecoxib group experienced more response (95%) and remission (35%) than the placebo group (50% and 5%, P=0.003 and 0.04 respectively). Baseline serum IL‐6 levels were significantly correlated with baseline Ham‐D scores (r=0.378, P=0.016). Significant correlation was observed between reduction of Ham‐D scores and reduction of serum IL‐6 levels at week 6 (r=0.673, P<0.001). LIMITATIONS: We did not measure other inflammatory biomarkers. CONCLUSIONS: We showed that the antidepressant activity of celecoxib might be linked to its capability of reducing IL‐6 concentrations. Moreover, supporting previous studies we showed that celecoxib is both safe and effective as an adjunctive antidepressant (Registration number: IRCT138903124090N1).
The impact of pain and depression on recovery after coronary artery bypass grafting; OBJECTIVE: To describe the relationship between pain and depression on recovery after coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG). METHODS: A secondary data analysis on 453 depressed and nondepressed post‐CABG patients enrolled in a randomized, controlled, effectiveness trial of telephone‐delivered collaborative care for depression. Outcome measures were collected from March 2004 to September 2007 and included pain, physical function, and mood symptoms. RESULTS: Depressed patients (baseline Patient Health Questionnaire‐9 score ≥10) versus those without depression reported significantly worse pain scores on the 36‐Item Short Form Health Survey Bodily Pain Scale at baseline and up to 12 months post‐CABG, p < .05. Among patients with depression, those who received collaborative care reported significantly better pain scores at each time point between 2 and 12 months post‐CABG versus depressed patients randomized to the usual care control group, p < .05. Regardless of intervention status, depressed participants with at least moderate pain at baseline reported significantly lower functional status (measured by the Duke Activity Status Index) at 8 and 12 months versus depressed patients with none or mild pain, p < .05. Depressed patients with at least moderate pain at baseline were also significantly less likely to show improvement of depressive symptoms throughout the course of follow‐up versus depressed patients with little or no pain, p < .05. These findings controlled for age, gender, education, race, comorbid conditions, and baseline pain diagnosis. CONCLUSIONS: Depression and pain seem to influence functional recovery post‐CABG. The relationship between these two conditions and 12‐month outcomes should be considered by clinicians when planning treatment.
Clinical trial of adjunctive celecoxib treatment in patients with major depression: a double blind and placebo controlled trial; BACKGROUND: The pathophysiology of depression is associated with the hyperactivity of immune inflammatory responses. Cyclooxygenase‐2 inhibitors such as celecoxib reduce the production of pro‐inflammatory cytokines. The purpose of the present investigation was to assess the efficacy of celecoxib as an adjuvant agent in the treatment of major depression in a six‐week double blind and placebo controlled trial. METHODS: Forty adult outpatients who met the DSM‐IV‐TR criteria for major depression participated in the trial. Patients have a baseline Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression score of at least 18. Patients were allocated in a random fashion: 20 to fluoxetine 40 mg/day plus celecoxib 400 mg/day (200 mg bid) (morning and evening) and 20 to fluoxetine 40 mg/day plus placebo. Patients were assessed by a psychiatrist at baseline and after 1, 2, 4, and 6 weeks after the medication started. RESULTS: Although both protocols significantly decreased the score of Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression over the trial period, the combination of fluoxetine and celecoxib showed a significant superiority over fluoxetine alone in the treatment of symptoms of major depression. There were no significant differences in the two groups in terms of observed side effects. CONCLUSION: The results of this study suggest that celecoxib may be an effective adjuvant agent in the management of patients with major depression and anti‐inflammatory therapies should be further investigated.
Minocycline, Acetylsalicylic Acid or Pramipexole vs Placebo in Patients With Schizophrenia or Schizoaffective Disorder; Inflammatory processes have been implicated as a cause of schizophrenia (Fan, Goff et al. 2007), and the COX‐2 inhibitor, Celecoxib, has been shown to reduce symptoms of schizophrenia (Muller, Krause et al. 2010). Aspirin, which is also a non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drug(NSAID), irreversibly inhibits Cyclooxygenase‐1 (COX‐1) and modifies the enzymatic activity of Cyclooxygenase‐2 (COX‐2), thus inhibiting the formation of prostaglandins and reduces inflammatory reaction. In a study funded by the Stanley Medical Research Institute (SMRI) recently published, Laan at all (Laan, Grobbee et al. 2010) administered add‐on 1000mg/d of Aspirin to patients with schizophrenia receiving anti‐psychotics, and reported reductions in Positive and negative syndrome scale (PANSS) total and PANSS positive scores without substantial side effects. Minocycline is a second‐generation tetracycline that exerts anti‐inflammatory and antimicrobial effects while having a distinct neuroprotective profile. Minocycline effects the glutaminergic system, through inhibition of neuronal nitric oxide synthase (nNOS) and blocking of nitric oxide (NO)‐ induced neurotoxicity (Du et al, 1998; Jiang et al., 2005), and thus has been suggested as a potential treatment for schizophrenia. One published study (Levkovitz, Mendlovich et al. 2010), and another, unpublished study by Bill Deakin found that add‐on treatment of 200mg/d of Minocycline was beneficial for symptoms and cognition in schizophrenia, and a study by Miayoka et al (Miyaoka, Yasukawa et al. 2008) administered open‐label 450 mg/day Minocycline, and found improvement on positive symptoms. Indirect pharmacological evidence suggests a relative excess of dopaminergic activity as being implicated in the pathogenesis of some of the symptoms of schizophrenia, and all effective antipsychotics effect dopamine D2 receptors. Pramipexole is a pre‐synaptic dopamine auto‐receptor agonist hypothesized to improve in symptoms in schizophrenia patients. In an open label study, Kasper at all (Kasper, Barnas et al. 1997) showed statistically significant improvement in PANSS scores in patients not stabilized on haloperidol. Other data indicate that add‐on Pramipexole improves symptoms of depression and cognition, in patients with affective disorders (Goldberg, Frye et al. 1999; Sporn, Ghaemi et al. 2000; Goldberg, Burdick et al. 2004; Zarate, Payne et al. 2004), and Malhotra et al, unpublished data. All of these studies were relatively small, and were performed by investigators with an interest in the compound. The objective of this study is to replicate them in large trial by investigators with no specific interest in the compounds. This proposed study is a multi‐arm study, in which patients will be randomized to one of the three study drugs: Pramipexole, Minocycline and Aspirin, or placebo as part of the same protocol. A design by which several active compounds are all compared to the same placebo arm has been utilized before for schizophrenia (Meltzer, Arvanitis et al. 2004). This design has several advantages: in addition to reduced costs and time it exposes fewer patients to placebo, and enables direct comparison between the compounds and not only to the placebo.
Youth Depression Alleviation: augmentation with Anti-inflammatory Agent (YoDA-A); INTERVENTION: Arm 1: 10 mg/day rosuvastatin by oral capsule for 12 weeks Arm 2: 100 mg/day aspirin by oral capsule for 12 weeks Arm 3: Placebo by oral capsule for 12 weeks CONDITION: Depression PRIMARY OUTCOME: 12 weeks of adjunctive rosuvastatin or aspirin treatment will be superior to placebo from the participant's perspective, based on the Quick Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology‐Self Report (QIDS‐SR). 12‐weeks of adjunctive rosuvastatin or aspirin treatment will be superior to placebo for reducing symptoms of depression using the Montgomery‐Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS). Analysis of rosuvastatin compared with placebo will be conducted separately to aspirin compared with placebo. Changes in MADRS scores in each medication individually are the primary outcomes. SECONDARY OUTCOME: 12 weeks of adjunctive rosuvastatin or aspirin treatment will be superior to placebo for reducing clinical global status, and improving quality of life (SF‐36 Quality of Life Questionnaire). and functioning (SOFAS) based on validated rating scales. Clinical change will correlate with discernible changes in inflammatory and oxidative stress levels in the peripheral sample. Those taking either rosuvastatin or aspirin treatment will have reduced levels of inflammatory and oxidative stress (lipid peroxidation) levels in peripheral (blood) samples. Those who were taking either rosuvastatin or aspirin treatment will have better outcomes 6 months post‐treatment discontinuation, based on symptomology (as per clinician rating, QIDS‐SR and other measures), quality of life (as per SF‐36 Quality of Life Questionnaire rating) and functioning (as per SOFAS rating) than those taking the placebo. INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐ aged of 15 to 24 years inclusive ‐ have a diagnosis of current Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) using Structured Clinical Interview for DSM‐IV Axis I Disorders (SCID) ‐ a score on the Montgomery‐Asberg Depression Rating Scale of >/=20 ‐ ability to give informed consent and comply with study procedures ‐ female participants are required to use effective contraception if sexually active ‐ established fluency in English ‐ if currently on treatment, that treatment (either pharmacological or psychosocial) needs to be stable treatment for at least two weeks prior to enrolment
Dose Milnacipran Prevent Depressive Symptoms in Patients With Acute Stroke?; First visit (visit 0) will be performed in the first three days after patient is admitted to the neurological ward due to ischemic stroke. The purposes of the initial assessment include demographic data collection (age, gender, stroke location), initial interview to exclude past history of depression, substance abuse or psychosis. In addition, Ham‐D, CGI, NIHSS, Barthel index, MMSE (please refer to the "instruments" listed below) are performed in the first visit. Patients whose MMSE<15 or Ham‐D>10 will be excluded. After being enrolled, patients stratified with stroke locations are randomized assigned to two groups: group A (treatment group with active antidepressant) or group B (placebo group). Variables such as age, gender, severity of the NIHSS, MMSE and Ham‐D will be controlled during assignment and the cytokine level will be checked also as baseline. The cytokine that will be checked includes IL‐1, IL‐6, TNF‐α,IFN‐γ that were considered pro‐inflammatory cytokine. The anti‐inflammatory cytokine of IL‐4 ,IL‐10 and TGF‐β will be checked also .Patients in group A will take Milnacipran (50mg) 1# QD from the first day of being enrolled into the study and will titrate to 1# BID one week later. Patients in both groups will be followed at 1st, 3rd, 6th, 9th, and 12th month after stroke. The Ham‐D, TDQ, NIHSS, Barthel index, CGI, MMSE and cytokines will be assessed in each of the check point. Patients in either group A or group B will be withdrawn from the study and referred to psychiatric clinics for further alternative management if they developed depression (Ham‐D>17). Cytokine levels in depressed patients will be compared with the randomly selected controlled group. All the interviewers are blinded to the patient's medication. If patients drop out, the reason will be clarified and recorded. Patients who suffered from recurrent stroke during study period still keep the same protocol that are followed continuously for one year unless patients request for withdrawal
A randomized controlled trial of the tumor necrosis factor antagonist infliximab for treatment-resistant depression: the role of baseline inflammatory biomarkers; CONTEXT: Increased concentrations of inflammatory biomarkers predict antidepressant nonresponse, and inflammatory cytokines can sabotage and circumvent the mechanisms of action of conventional antidepressants. OBJECTIVES: To determine whether inhibition of the inflammatory cytokine tumor necrosis factor (TNF) reduces depressive symptoms in patients with treatment‐resistant depression and whether an increase in baseline plasma inflammatory biomarkers, including high‐sensitivity C‐reactive protein (hs‐CRP), TNF, and its soluble receptors, predicts treatment response. DESIGN: Double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, randomized clinical trial. SETTING: Outpatient infusion center at Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia. PARTICIPANTS: A total of 60 medically stable outpatients with major depression who were either on a consistent antidepressant regimen (n = 37) or medication‐free (n = 23) for 4 weeks or more and who were moderately resistant to treatment as determined by the Massachusetts General Hospital Staging method. INTERVENTIONS: Three infusions of the TNF antagonist infliximab (5 mg/kg) (n = 30) or placebo (n = 30) at baseline and weeks 2 and 6 of a 12‐week trial. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The 17‐item Hamilton Scale for Depression (HAM‐D) scores. RESULTS: No overall difference in change of HAM‐D scores between treatment groups across time was found. However, there was a significant interaction between treatment, time, and log baseline hs‐CRP concentration (P = .01), with change in HAM‐D scores (baseline to week 12) favoring infliximab‐treated patients at a baseline hs‐CRP concentration greater than 5 mg/L and favoring placebo‐treated patients at a baseline hs‐CRP concentration of 5 mg/L or less. Exploratory analyses focusing on patients with a baseline hs‐CRP concentration greater than 5 mg/L revealed a treatment response (≥50% reduction in HAM‐D score at any point during treatment) of 62% (8 of 13 patients) in infliximab‐treated patients vs 33% (3 of 9 patients) in placebo‐treated patients (P = .19). Baseline concentrations of TNF and its soluble receptors were significantly higher in infliximab‐treated responders vs nonresponders (P < .05), and infliximab‐treated responders exhibited significantly greater decreases in hs‐CRP from baseline to week 12 compared with placebo‐treated responders (P < .01). Dropouts and adverse events were limited and did not differ between groups. CONCLUSIONS: This proof‐of‐concept study suggests that TNF antagonism does not have generalized efficacy in treatment‐resistant depression but may improve depressive symptoms in patients with high baseline inflammatory biomarkers. TRIAL REGISTRATION: clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT00463580.
Pioglitazone as an Adjunct for Moderate to Severe Depressive Disorder; Pioglitazone as a Ppar‐gamma agonist is an anti diabetic drug. It was also shown that, it has certain anti inflammatory and neuro‐protective effects. In recent years it has been proposed that Ppar‐gamma agonists may have effects on mood and cognition. In animal studies and in one human case report as well as a pilot study on human subjects these drugs improved symptoms of depression. A randomized controlled and double blind design will provide further evidence for the efficacy of these drugs in major depressive disorder.
Electrode implantation produces an early response to deep brain stimulation in depression: potential role of regional neuroinflammation; Background: Deep brain stimulation (DBS) is an increasingly popular therapeutic non‐pharmacological approach for diverse neuropsychiatric diseases. Recent studies have shown promising results with the use of DBS in subgenual cingulated gyrus (SCG) for the treatment of refractory major depressive disorder (MDD). In these first clinical trials, the patients experience a reduction in the severity of their symptoms right after surgery, followed by a decay in the first month of treatment with DBS. Given that this technique involves chronic implantation of electrodes in a specific brain structure, this early response has been attributed a possible placebo or to a physiological response to probe insertion in other neurological diseases. Purpose of the study: The aim of this study was to explore the possible contribution of the surgical procedure itself in the antidepressant response of DBS. Thus, we studied the effect of electrode implantation in the rat medial prefrontal cortex (mPFC). And additionally, the results were compared with the early outcome of a controlled clinical trial of DBS procedure in the SCG. Methods: Here we characterized the behavioural antidepressant‐ like effect of electrode implantation and DBS in the infralimbic IL cortex (rodent SCG correlate) by the forced swimming test (FST). The target area was processed to evaluate the role of glial cells, the inflammatory mediators and the p11 implication in the 'insertional effect'. These changes were assessed by immunohistochemical and western blot techniques. In addition, we evaluated the early outcome of DBS in the SCG of 8 patients with MDD involved in a clinical trial. Results were analyzed by one or two‐ways ANOVA followed by Bonferroni test. p<0.05 were considered to be significant. Results: We found similar antidepressant‐like effects in rats implanted with electrodes, irrespective of whether they received electrical brain stimulation or not, and this effect was via a main action on serotonin neurotransmission. The 'insertional effect' was due to a temporally neuroinflammation, and it was correlated with an increase of glial‐fibrillary‐acidic‐protein immunoreactivity. Additionally, neuronal p11 expression and IL‐1b, COX1, COX2, TNFa, as inflammatory mediators, were increased in the mPFC after electrode implantation. These behavioural and neurochemical changes were blocked by anti‐inflammatory drugs. On the other hand, a retrospective study indicated that the early response of MDD patients subjected to DBS was poorer when they received anti‐inflammatory drugs. Conclusions: This study demonstrates that electrode implantation up to the IL cortex is sufficient to produce benefits in animal models of antidepressant activity. This 'insertional effect' could be due to a regional neuroinflammation, and thus was blocked by the treatment with anti‐inflammatory drugs. These findings correlate with the initial effects observed in a series of patients treated for one month with DBS. Overall the results suggest that this early antidepressant effect of DBS is the result of an inflammatory 'insertional effect' provoked by electrode implantation, in addition to the electrical stimulation itself.
Anti-INFLammatory to Address Mood and Endothelial Dysfunction (INFLAMED); Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death, and depression is the leading cause of disability in the United States. Previous research suggests that systemic inflammation may play an important role in the development of both depression and cardiovascular disease. Therefore, Aim #1 of this study is to examine whether adding an anti‐inflammatory medication (pentoxifylline) to standard depression treatment (cognitive‐behavioral therapy) improves both depressive symptoms and endothelial dysfunction, a sign of early cardiovascular disease. Aim #2 is to evaluate candidate mediators of treatment effects by examining whether reductions in multiple markers of systemic inflammation account for treatment‐related improvements in depressive symptoms and endothelial dysfunction. To achieve these aims, a clinical trial of older depressed primary care patients free of cardiovascular disease is being conducted. Patients will be randomized to one of two groups: a standard depression treatment (a cognitive‐behavioral treatment program) plus pentoxifylline or standard depression treatment plus placebo. The treatment phase of the study will be 12 weeks. At baseline, 6 weeks, and 12 weeks, patients will undergo assessments of depressive symptoms, various inflammatory markers, and endothelial function. Our index of endothelial function is brachial artery flow‐mediated dilation, a noninvasive measure of endothelial function. Demonstrating that medications targeting systemic inflammation are effective for concurrently treating late‐life depression and reducing CAD risk would place anti‐inflammatory approaches in the collection of depression treatment strategies, as well as CAD prevention strategies, of the primary care provider. This change to clinical practice should result in improved management of both late‐life depression and cardiovascular risk, which in turn would reduce disability, CAD morbidity, and mortality among older adults.
Minocycline and aspirin in the treatment of bipolar depression: a protocol for a proof-of-concept, randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, 2x2 clinical trial; INTRODUCTION: New medication classes are needed to improve treatment effectiveness in the depressed phase of bipolar disorder (BD). Extant evidence suggests that BD is characterised by neural changes such as dendritic remodelling and glial and neuronal cell loss. These changes have been hypothesised to result from chronic inflammation. The principal aims of the proposed research is to evaluate the antidepressant efficacy in bipolar depression of minocycline, a drug with neuroprotective and immune‐modulating properties, and of aspirin, at doses expected to selectively inhibit cyclooxygenase 1 (COX‐1). METHODS AND ANALYSIS: 120 outpatients between 18 and 55 years of age, who meet DSM‐IV‐TR criteria for BD (type I or II) and for a current major depressive episode will be recruited to take part in a randomised, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, parallel‐group, proof‐of‐concept clinical trial following a 2×2 design. As adjuncts to existing treatment, subjects will be randomised to receive one of the four treatment combinations: placebo‐minocycline plus placebo‐aspirin, active‐minocycline plus placebo‐aspirin, placebo‐minocycline plus active‐aspirin or active‐minocycline plus active‐aspirin. The dose of minocycline and aspirin is 100 mg twice daily and 81 mg twice daily, respectively. Antidepressant response will be evaluated by assessing changes in the Montgomery‐Asberg Depression Rating Scale scores between baseline and the end of the 6‐week trial. As secondary outcome measures, the anti‐inflammatory effects of minocycline and aspirin will be tested by measuring pre‐treatment and post‐treatment levels of C reactive protein and inflammatory cytokines. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: Minocycline has been widely used as an antibiotic in doses up to 400 mg/day. Low‐dose aspirin has been safely used on a worldwide scale for its role as an antithrombotic and thrombolytic. The study progress will be overseen by a Data, Safety and Monitoring Board, which will meet once every 6 months. Results of the study will be published in peer‐reviewed publications. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: Clinical Trials.gov: NCT01429272.
Celecoxib and depression; INTERVENTION: Cap fluoxetine 40 mg/day plus Cap. placebo as control group for 6 weeks Capsule Fluoxetine 40 mg/day plus Capsule Celecoxib 400 mg/day (200 mg bid) as intervention group for 6 weeks Intervention 1: Capsule Fluoxetine 40 mg/day plus Capsule Celecoxib 400 mg/day (200 mg bid) as intervention group for 6 weeks. Intervention 2: Cap fluoxetine 40 mg/day plus Cap. placebo as control group for 6 weeks. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Depressive episode Depressive episode. ; Depressive episode PRIMARY OUTCOME: Severity of depression. Timepoint: Baseline and weeks 2,4 and 6. Method of measurement: Hamiltion Depression Rating Scale 17‐Item. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Presence of Major Depressive Disorder based on DSM‐IV criteria, Baseline Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM‐D) (17‐item) score of at least 18. Exclusion criteria: Presence of Psychosis, any diagnosis in Axis I and II, Receiving psychotropic medications, receiving any antidepressants during past one month or ECT in past two months, Presence of hypothyroidism or cardiovascular problems
Celecoxib or naproxen treatment does not benefit depressive symptoms in persons age 70 and older: findings from a randomized controlled trial; BACKGROUND: Several lines of evidence suggest that inflammatory mechanisms may be involved in the severity and progression of depression. One pathway implicated is the production of prostaglandins via the enzyme cyclooxygenase (COX). Although late‐life depression in particular has been associated with inflammation, we know of no published studies using COX inhibitors, such as nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), in the treatment of depressive syndromes in this population. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the effect of the NSAIDs celecoxib and naproxen on depressive symptoms in older adults. METHODS: The Alzheimer's Disease Anti‐inflammatory Prevention Trial was a randomized, placebo‐controlled, double‐masked clinical trial conducted at six U.S. memory clinics. Cognitively normal volunteers age 70 and older with a family history of Alzheimer‐like dementia were randomly assigned to receive celecoxib 200 mg twice daily, naproxen sodium 220 mg twice daily, or placebo. The 30‐item version of the Geriatric Depression Scale (GDS) was administered to all participants at enrollment and at yearly follow‐up visits. Participants with a GDS score greater than 5 at baseline were classified as depressed. RESULTS: Of 2,528 participants enrolled, 2,312 returned for at least one follow‐up visit. Approximately one‐fifth had significant depressive symptoms at baseline. Mean GDS score, and the percentage with significant depressive symptoms, remained similar over time across all three treatment groups. Furthermore, there was no treatment effect on GDS scores over time in the subgroup of participants with significant depressive symptoms at baseline. In longitudinal analysis using generalized estimating equations (GEE) regression, higher baseline GDS scores, a prior psychiatric history, older age, time in the study, and lower cognition interacting with time, but not treatment assignment, were associated with significantly higher GDS scores over time. CONCLUSION: Treatment with celecoxib or naproxen did not improve depressive symptoms over time compared with placebo. While inflammation has been implicated in late‐life depression, these results do not support the hypothesis that inhibition of the COX pathway with these NSAIDs at these doses alleviates depressive symptoms in older adults.
Prospective study of depressive symptoms and quality of life in acne vulgaris patients treated with isotretinoin compared to antibiotic and topical therapy; There have been recent concerns about the possible association between isotretinoin therapy and depressive symptoms. We conducted a prospective study to evaluate depressive symptoms and quality of life in acne patients having either isotretinoin or antibiotics/topical treatments. There were 215 patients (mean age 20 years) included in the study. Depression, quality of life and acne severity ratings were administered at baseline, 1 month, 3 months and end of treatment or 6 months, and compared between both treatment groups. The changes in the mean depression scores did not differ significantly between both groups (P = 0.62). The incidence of isotretinoin patients with moderate depressive symptoms remained relatively unchanged from baseline. The changes in the quality‐of‐life measures scores between treatment groups showed no significant difference. No correlation between isotretinoin dose and depression score was found. Although five isotretinoin patients were withdrawn during the study because of worsening of mood, no definite causal relationship was established. This pilot study does not appear to support any direct link between depression and isotretinoin, apart from being a rare unpredictable idiosyncratic side‐effect. However, because of the study limitations, a larger study is needed to confirm the findings.
The effect of celecoxib and naproxen treatment on depressive symptoms in persons aged 70 and over: findings from a randomized controlled trial; Introduction: Several lines of evidence suggest that inflammatory mechanisms may be involved in the severity and progression of depression. One pathway implicated is the production of prostaglandins via the enzyme cyclooxygenase (COX). Although late life depression in particular has been associated with inflammation, we know of no published studies using COX‐2 inhibitors in the treatment of depressive syndromes in this population. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of the nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) celecoxib and naproxen on depressive symptoms in older adults. Methods: The Alzheimer's Disease Anti‐inflammatory Prevention Trial (ADAPT) was a randomized, placebocontrolled, double‐masked clinical trial conducted at six U.S. memory clinics. Cognitively normal volunteers aged 70 and over with a family history of Alzheimer‐like dementia were randomly assigned to receive celecoxib 200mg BID, naproxen sodium 220mg BID, or placebo. The 15‐item version of the Geriatric Depression Scale (GDS) was administered to all participants at enrollment and at yearly follow‐up visits. Participants with a GDS score >5 at baseline were classified as depressed. Results: Of 2,528 participants enrolled, 2,312 returned for at least one follow‐up visit. Approximately one‐fifth were depressed at baseline. Mean GDS score, and the percentage depressed, remained similar over time across all three treatment groups. Furthermore, there was no treatment effect on GDS scores over time in the subgroup of participants who were depressed at baseline. In multivariable modeling, higher baseline GDS scores, a prior psychiatric history, older age, time in the study, and lower cognition interacting with time, but not treatment assignment, were all associated with significantly higher GDS scores (more depression) over time. Conclusions: Treatment with celecoxib or naproxen did not improve depressive symptoms over time compared with placebo. While inflammation has been implicated in late life depression, these results do not support the hypothesis that inhibition of the cyclooxygenase pathway with these NSAIDs at these doses alleviates depressive symptoms in older adults.
Association between immune activation and early depressive symptoms in cancer patients treated with interleukin-2-based therapy; The relationship between immune activation and the development of early depressive symptoms were studied in 33 cancer patients undergoing cytokine therapy. Patients were treated either with subcutaneous IL‐2 administered alone (n=13) or in association with IFN‐alpha (n=5), or with IFN‐alpha alone administered subcutaneously at low doses (n=5) or intravenously at high doses (n=10). The intensity of depressive symptoms was assessed during a clinical interview carried out before the start of cytokine therapy and five days later using the Montgomery and Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS). On the same days, blood samples were collected for each patient to measure serum concentrations of cytokines (IL‐6, IL‐10, IL‐1ra) and cytokine‐receptors (sIL‐2R, LIF‐R). Results showed that patients treated with IL‐2 or IL‐2+IFN‐alpha displayed concomitant mood symptoms and increased serum cytokine levels during treatment. In these patients, the intensity of depressive symptoms at endpoint was positively correlated with the increases measured in serum levels of IL‐10 between baseline and endpoint. IL‐10 is an anti‐inflammatory cytokine that is produced in response to the production of pro‐inflammatory cytokines, and thereby reflects an inflammatory response. These results support the hypothesis of close relationship between depressive symptoms and the activation of the cytokine network.
Minocycline for the Treatment of Decreased Mental Function in HIV-Infected Adults; Cognitive impairment, including disabling cognitive, behavioral, and social dysfunction, continues to be a major problem faced by HIV‐infected people taking antiretroviral therapy (ART). Research is needed to develop treatment that can be given alongside ART to prevent or lessen cognitive impairment caused by ART. Minocycline, an antibiotic commonly used for the treatment of acne and rheumatoid arthritis, has demonstrated anti‐inflammatory and neuroprotective properties in previous studies. This study will evaluate the effectiveness of 24‐week therapy with minocycline in lessening the cognitive impairment of HIV infected adults taking ART. This study will last at least 24 weeks and has two steps. Patients will be stratified by HIV viral load and their neurocognitive state at study screening. In Step I, patients will be randomly assigned to one of two groups. Group 1 participants will receive twice‐daily minocycline for 24 weeks; Group 2 participants will receive placebo. At the end of Phase I, study participants will be offered to enter Step II; all participants in Step II will receive twice‐daily minocycline for an additional 24 weeks. There will be a total of 8 study visits: 5 visits for Step I (including the entry visit) and 3 visits for Step II. Medical history will occur at all visits. Blood collection will occur at all visits. Participants who have positive nonreactive rapid plasma regain (RPR) values at screening will have mandatory lumbar punctures; for those with negative serum RPR results lumbar punctures are optional. Participants who test positive for syphilis will also have a lumbar puncture at their discretion to determine if syphilis has affected the brain. A neurological exam, other neuropsychological, dementia, and depression scale assessments, and urine collection will occur at most visits. Patients will be asked to complete a questionnaire on daily living at study entry and Weeks 12 and 24. Patients who have a lumbar puncture at Week 24 will receive a phone call 2 to 5 days after the procedure to report any adverse effects. Some participants may also have an electrocardiogram (ECG) during the study. For participants not on atazanavir some procedures and sample collections are optional.
Minocycline and Aspirin in the Treatment of Bipolar Depression; Abstract: New medication classes are needed to improve treatment effectiveness in the depressed phase of bipolar disorder (BD). Extant evidence suggests that BD is not only characterized by reduced monoaminergic signaling, but also by neural changes such as dendritic remodeling, demyelination, and glial and neuronal cell loss. These changes have been hypothesized to result from chronic inflammation, based partly on convergent evidence that proinflammatory cytokines are elevated in depressed patients with BD. The principal aims of the proposed research is to evaluate the antidepressant efficacy in bipolar depression of minocycline, a drug with neuroprotective and immune‐modulating properties, and of aspirin, at doses expected to selectively inhibit cyclooxygenase 1 (COX‐1), within the context of a randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, parallel‐group clinical trial following a 2 x 2 design. Specific Aims Specific Aim 1: To evaluate the efficacy of augmentation therapy with minocycline and/or aspirin for bipolar depression. The investigators will test the hypothesis that compared with placebo, participants receiving minocycline and/ or aspirin will show a greater treatment response rate (defined as a >50% increase on the MADRS for the final two consecutive visits). Specific Aim 2: To investigate the relationship between the response to minocycline, aspirin and markers of inflammation (serum concentrations of IL‐6 and CRP). The investigators will test the hypotheses that: a) minocycline treatment will reduce inflammation to a greater extent than placebo; b) during minocycline treatment the change in inflammatory cytokine expression will correlate with the change in depression ratings; c) the baseline elevation of inflammatory markers will predict greater antidepressant response to minocycline.
Obstructive sleep apnea/hypopnea syndrome and poor response to sertraline in patients with coronary heart disease; OBJECTIVE: Evidence from several clinical trials in patients with coronary heart disease suggests that depression that does not respond to treatment is associated with a particularly high risk of adverse cardiac outcomes. The purpose of this study was to determine whether obstructive sleep apnea/hypopnea syndrome (OSAHS) is associated with a poor response to antidepressant medication in patients with coronary heart disease. METHOD: This was a secondary analysis of data from a randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled clinical trial of omega‐3 fatty‐acid augmentation of sertraline for depression in patients with coronary heart disease. Patients with documented coronary heart disease were recruited between May 2005 and December 2008 from cardiology practices in St Louis, Missouri, and through cardiac diagnostic laboratories affiliated with Washington University School of Medicine, St Louis, Missouri. One hundred five patients (mean age = 58 years) with coronary heart disease and current major depressive disorder (DSM‐IV) were randomized to receive sertraline plus either omega‐3 or placebo for 10 weeks. Cyclical heart‐rate patterns associated with OSAHS were detected via ambulatory electrocardiography prior to treatment. Symptoms of depression were measured at baseline and follow‐up with the Beck Depression Inventory‐II (BDI‐II) and the 17‐item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS‐17). The primary endpoint was the BDI‐II score at 10 weeks. RESULTS: Thirty of the 105 patients (29%) were classified as having probable moderate to severe OSAHS on the basis of nighttime heart‐rate patterns. These OSAHS patients had significantly higher scores on both the BDI‐II (t = ‐2.78, P = .01) and the HDRS‐17 (t = ‐2.33, P = .02) at follow‐up as compared to the reference group. Adjustment for baseline depression score, treatment arm (omega‐3 vs placebo), body mass index, and inflammatory markers did not change the results. Patients with OSAHS reported higher item scores at follow‐up on all depressive symptoms measured with the BDI‐II compared to those without OSAHS. CONCLUSIONS: Obstructive sleep apnea/hypopnea syndrome is associated with a relatively poor response to sertraline treatment for depression. Future research should determine the contribution of OSAHS to the increased risk of adverse cardiac outcome associated with treatment‐resistant depression.
Pro-inflammatory cytokines and treatment response to escitalopram in major depressive disorder; Alterations in the immune system may have importance for the pathophysiology of depression. Several studies have linked increased production of pro‐inflammatory cytokines to depression and depressive symptoms. There is growing evidence that antidepressive treatment may influence the production of pro‐and anti‐inflammatory cytokines. In the present study we aimed to find associations between the levels of soluble interleukin‐2 receptor (sIL‐2R), interleukin‐8 (IL‐8) and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF‐alpha) and the response to antidepressant treatment in patients with major depression. Our study group consisted of 100 patients (35 males and 65 females) who were treated with escitalopram 10‐20 mg/day for 12 weeks. Responders and non‐responders were identified according to Montgomery‐Asberg's Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) scores. The levels of cytokines were measured at baseline and at 4th and 12th week of the treatment and compared to cytokine concentrations in healthy volunteers (n=45; 19 males and 26 females). Our data indicated that a higher level of TNF‐alpha might predict a non‐response to treatment with escitalopram and that changes in concentrations of sIL‐2R during the treatment were different in responders and non‐responders.
Pro-inflammatory cytokines as predictors of antidepressant effects of exercise in major depressive disorder; Exercise is an efficacious treatment for major depressive disorder (MDD) and has independently been shown to have anti‐inflammatory effects in non‐depressed subjects. Patients with MDD have elevated inflammatory cytokines but it is not known if exercise affects inflammation in MDD patients and whether these changes are clinically relevant. In the TReatment with Exercise Augmentation for Depression (TREAD) study, participants who were partial responders to a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor were randomized to receive one of two doses of exercise: 16 kilocalories per kilogram of body weight per week (KKW), or 4 KKW for 12 weeks. Blood samples were collected before initiation and again at the end of the 12‐week exercise intervention. Serum was analyzed using a multiplexed ELISA for interferon‐γ (IFN‐γ), interleukin‐1β (IL‐1β), interleukin‐6 (IL‐6) and tumor necrosis factor‐α (TNF‐α). Higher baseline levels of TNF‐α were associated with greater decrease in depression symptoms over the 12‐week exercise period (P<0.0001). In addition, a significant positive correlation between change in IL‐1β and change in depression symptom scores was observed (P=0.04). There were no significant changes in mean level of any cytokine following the 12‐week intervention, and no significant relationship between exercise dose and change in mean cytokine level. Results suggest that high TNF‐α may differentially predict better outcomes with exercise treatment as opposed to antidepressant medications for which high TNF‐α is linked to poor response. Our results also confirm findings from studies of antidepressant medications that tie decreasing IL‐1β to positive depression treatment outcomes.
Insulin resistance as a shared pathophysilogy between mood and cardio-metabolic disorders: relevance of PPAR-γ agonism; Background: Longitudinal studies have shown a bidirectional relationship between metabolic illnesses and depression (Pan et al, 2012). Shared pathophysilogy links mood disorders with cardio‐metabolic illnesses, including activated inflammatory signaling cascades, oxidative stress, dysregulation of the hypothalamic pituitary‐ adrenal axis, and insulin resistance. Moreover, resistance to insulin signaling makes neurons energy deficient and vulnerable to oxidizing and other metabolic insults, resulting in impairment of synaptic plasticity. Given these associations, we have previously hypothesized that drugs with insulin sensitizing properties may also exhibit antidepressant efficacy. Pioglitazone is a PPAR‐γ agonist that is an attractive potential candidate for testing this hypothesis and for treatment of depression, given its ability to improve insulin sensitivity, decrease inflammatory gene expression, and induce neuroprotection through mitigation of oxidative stress (Kemp et al., 2012). Methods: Pioglitazone (15‐45 mg/d) was administered (open‐label) to 40 patients with major depressive disorder (MDD) and 34 patients with bipolar disorder (BD) over a 12‐ and 8‐week duration, respectively. Patients with MDD additionally met criteria for metabolic syndrome or abdominal obesity (waist circumference 4 35 in. females, > 40 in. males), and patients with BD met criteria for metabolic syndrome or insulin resistance. In MDD, pioglitazone was administered as monotherapy (n=9) or as an adjunct to conventional antidepressants (n=31). In BD, pioglitazone was administered in combination with a mood stabilizer (n=34). No change in concurrent antidepressant or mood stabilizer therapy was permitted for a minimum of 4 weeks prior to enrollment or during the trial. Diagnosis was confirmed by the Mini International Neuropsychiatric Interview. Symptoms were assessed by the Inventory of Depressive Symptoms (IDS), Quick Inventory of Depressive Symptoms (QIDS), and Hamilton Anxiety Scale (HAMA). Data were pooled to assess the relationship between metabolic or inflammatory biomarkers and symptom improvement. Results: In MDD, treatment with pioglitazone was associated with improvement in depressive symptoms as measured by change in IDS total scores (‐19.1±1.9; p<.001). Likewise, patients with BD experienced a significant decrease in baseline to endpoint IDS total scores (‐16.5±2.6; p<.001). Self‐reported depressive symptoms also decreased in severity as measured by the QIDS in patients with MDD (‐7.3±1.0; p<.001) and BD (‐7.2±1.2; p<.001), respectively. A pooled analysis found that baseline levels of Interleukin‐6 (IL‐6) correlated with improvement on HAM‐A and IDS total scores at study endpoint (r=‐.28, p<.05 and r=‐.35, p=.01, respectively). The change in IL‐6 also correlated with improvement on the HAMA and IDS (r=.37, p=.01 and r=.38, p<.01, respectively). Decreases in HbA1c, a measure of blood glucose control, correlated with reduced depression severity measured by IDS scores (r=.29, p=.03). Decreases in insulin resistance measured by homeostasis model assessment (HOMA‐IR) did not correlate with improvement in mood. Conclusions: Change in IL‐6 was significantly correlated with a reduction in depression severity, suggesting that anti‐inflammatory actions may account for symptom improvement in patients undergoing pioglitazone treatment. In addition, a significant association was observed between higher baseline levels of IL‐6 and greater depressive symptom reduction, suggesting that IL‐6 may represent a pre‐treatment predictor or moderator of antidepressant outcome. Lack of a correlation between HOMAIR and mood outcomes indicates that mechanisms other than insulin sensitization may be responsible for the observed changes in depression severity. These findings are consistent with preclinical studies in which PPAR‐γ agonism, NMDA receptor signaling, and anti‐inflammatory activity accounted for the antidepressant‐like and pro‐cognitive effects of pioglitazone (Sauerbeck et al., 2011; Salehi‐Sadaghiani et al., in press). Our results are consistent with results of a double‐blind trial that found pioglitazone to be superior to placebo in the treatment of MDD even in the absence of metabolic syndrome or diabetes (Sepanjnia et al., 2012). Collectively, these data support the conduct of larger, placebo‐controlled trials to fully delineate the role of PPAR‐γ agonists as novel treatments for unipolar and bipolar depression.
Insulin resistance as a shared pathophysilogy between mood and cardio-metabolic disorders: relevance of PPAR-γ agonism; Background: Longitudinal studies have shown a bidirectional relationship between metabolic illnesses and depression (Pan et al, 2012). Shared pathophysilogy links mood disorders with cardio‐metabolic illnesses, including activated inflammatory signaling cascades, oxidative stress, dysregulation of the hypothalamic pituitary‐ adrenal axis, and insulin resistance. Moreover, resistance to insulin signaling makes neurons energy deficient and vulnerable to oxidizing and other metabolic insults, resulting in impairment of synaptic plasticity. Given these associations, we have previously hypothesized that drugs with insulin sensitizing properties may also exhibit antidepressant efficacy. Pioglitazone is a PPAR‐γ agonist that is an attractive potential candidate for testing this hypothesis and for treatment of depression, given its ability to improve insulin sensitivity, decrease inflammatory gene expression, and induce neuroprotection through mitigation of oxidative stress (Kemp et al., 2012). Methods: Pioglitazone (15‐45 mg/d) was administered (open‐label) to 40 patients with major depressive disorder (MDD) and 34 patients with bipolar disorder (BD) over a 12‐ and 8‐week duration, respectively. Patients with MDD additionally met criteria for metabolic syndrome or abdominal obesity (waist circumference 4 35 in. females, > 40 in. males), and patients with BD met criteria for metabolic syndrome or insulin resistance. In MDD, pioglitazone was administered as monotherapy (n=9) or as an adjunct to conventional antidepressants (n=31). In BD, pioglitazone was administered in combination with a mood stabilizer (n=34). No change in concurrent antidepressant or mood stabilizer therapy was permitted for a minimum of 4 weeks prior to enrollment or during the trial. Diagnosis was confirmed by the Mini International Neuropsychiatric Interview. Symptoms were assessed by the Inventory of Depressive Symptoms (IDS), Quick Inventory of Depressive Symptoms (QIDS), and Hamilton Anxiety Scale (HAMA). Data were pooled to assess the relationship between metabolic or inflammatory biomarkers and symptom improvement. Results: In MDD, treatment with pioglitazone was associated with improvement in depressive symptoms as measured by change in IDS total scores (‐19.1±1.9; p<.001). Likewise, patients with BD experienced a significant decrease in baseline to endpoint IDS total scores (‐16.5±2.6; p<.001). Self‐reported depressive symptoms also decreased in severity as measured by the QIDS in patients with MDD (‐7.3±1.0; p<.001) and BD (‐7.2±1.2; p<.001), respectively. A pooled analysis found that baseline levels of Interleukin‐6 (IL‐6) correlated with improvement on HAM‐A and IDS total scores at study endpoint (r=‐.28, p<.05 and r=‐.35, p=.01, respectively). The change in IL‐6 also correlated with improvement on the HAMA and IDS (r=.37, p=.01 and r=.38, p<.01, respectively). Decreases in HbA1c, a measure of blood glucose control, correlated with reduced depression severity measured by IDS scores (r=.29, p=.03). Decreases in insulin resistance measured by homeostasis model assessment (HOMA‐IR) did not correlate with improvement in mood. Conclusions: Change in IL‐6 was significantly correlated with a reduction in depression severity, suggesting that anti‐inflammatory actions may account for symptom improvement in patients undergoing pioglitazone treatment. In addition, a significant association was observed between higher baseline levels of IL‐6 and greater depressive symptom reduction, suggesting that IL‐6 may represent a pre‐treatment predictor or moderator of antidepressant outcome. Lack of a correlation between HOMAIR and mood outcomes indicates that mechanisms other than insulin sensitization may be responsible for the observed changes in depression severity. These findings are consistent with preclinical studies in which PPAR‐γ agonism, NMDA receptor signaling, and anti‐inflammatory activity accounted for the antidepressant‐like and pro‐cognitive effects of pioglitazone (Sauerbeck et al., 2011; Salehi‐Sadaghiani et al., in press). Our results are consistent with results of a double‐blind trial that found pioglitazone to be superior to placebo in the treatment of MDD even in the absence of metabolic syndrome or diabetes (Sepanjnia et al., 2012). Collectively, these data support the conduct of larger, placebo‐controlled trials to fully delineate the role of PPAR‐γ agonists as novel treatments for unipolar and bipolar depression.
Testing the cytokine hypothesis of depression: trials and tribulations; Background: To determine whether inhibition of the inflammatory cytokine tumor necrosis factor (TNF) reduces depressive symptoms in patients with treatment resistant depression (TRD) and whether increased baseline plasma inflammatory biomarkers predict treatment response, we conducted a randomized double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trial in 60 medically‐stable outpatients with TRD. Methods: Patients were administered 3 infusions of the TNF antagonist infliximab (5mg/kg)(n=30) or placebo (n=30) over 12 weeks. Depression was assessed using the 17‐item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM‐D‐17). Results: No difference in change of HAM‐D‐17 scores between treatment groups across time was found. However, there was a significant interaction between treatment, time and log baseline c‐reactive protein (CRP)(p=0.01), with change in HAM‐D‐17 scores (Baseline to Week 12) favoring infliximab‐treated patients with a baseline CRP>5mg/L. Indeed, patients with a baseline CRP>5 mg/L exhibited a treatment response (≥50% reduction in HAM‐D‐17 at any point during treatment) of 62% (8/13) in the infliximab group versus 33% (3/9) in placebo‐treated patients. In addition, baseline concentrations of TNF‐alpha and its soluble receptors were significantly higher in infliximabtreated responders versus non‐responders (p5 mg/L had a 10‐fold higher concentration of CRP in the CSF than patients with a plasma CRP. Conclusions: Further studies are required to determine whether the efficacy of biologic TNF antagonists is dependent on inflammation‐induced influences on BBB permeability. Nevertheless, the data suggest that TNF antagonism may improve depressive symptoms in patients with high baseline inflammatory biomarkers.
NSAIDs are associated with lower depression scores in patients with osteoarthritis; BACKGROUND: Studies have demonstrated the success of augmentation of antidepressant therapy with nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAID) in decreasing depressive symptoms; however, little is known about the benefit of NSAID therapy on depressive symptoms. METHODS: This study pooled data from 5 postapproval trials, each trial a 6‐week, multicenter, randomized, double‐blinded, placebo‐controlled, active‐comparator, parallel‐group study in subjects with active osteoarthritis. Subjects were randomized to placebo group, ibuprofen 800 mg 3 times daily or naproxen 500 mg twice daily group, or Celebrex 200 mg daily group. Apart from different ethnicities enrolled, these trials had identical study designs. Depression was assessed using the Patient Health Questionnaire‐9 (PHQ‐9). Outcomes measured were change in PHQ‐9 score after 6 weeks of NSAID therapy and change in classification of depression with a PHQ‐9 score ≥10 as a marker of depression. RESULTS: There were 1497 patients included. Median PHQ‐9 score was similar in all 3 groups at baseline and after 6 weeks of treatment. Multivariable regression analysis demonstrated a detectable effect in lowering PHQ‐9 score in the ibuprofen or naproxen group (‐0.31) and Celebrex group (‐0.61) (P = .0390). With respect to the change in classification of depression, logistic regression analysis demonstrated a trend towards significant treatment effect of all NSAIDs compared with placebo. CONCLUSION: Our analysis of pooled data from 5 postapproval trials shows that NSAID usage demonstrates a trend towards reduction of depression symptoms in patients with osteoarthritis based upon PHQ‐9 scores. Future clinical trials should investigate this association with maximum dosage of drugs, increased treatment duration, and monitoring of social and environmental changes.
Statins, depression and the inflammatory hypothesis of depression: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Early evidence from randomized controlled trials indicates that primary or adjunct treatment with anti‐inflammatory medications improves outcomes for some patients with depression. One of the most highly prescribed classes of medications are statins, and evidence is mounting that these have anti‐inflammatory effects. Consequently, we examined whether treatment with statins, compared with placebo, is associated with improved depression outcomes. Random effects meta‐analysis was conducted on studies meeting eligibility criteria: randomized controlled trial of any type of statin vs. placebo, measured depression as a continuous score or binary outcome, in any patient group, published in a peer reviewed journal. Computerised searches of Embase, Medline, PsycInfo, Cochrane Library and Web of Science were undertaken using derivatives of terms related to depression, statins and randomized controlled trial. Two authors independently assessed eligibility and extracted data. Treatment with statins was associated with a significantly greater reduction in depressive symptoms compared with placebo treatment, d = ‐0.11 (95%CI ‐0.20, ‐0.02), p = .02, I2 = 0. Treatment with statins was also significantly associated with fewer depression adverse events, RR = 0.90 (95%CI 0.81, 1.00), p = .05, I2 = 0. Statin use was associated with improved depression outcomes across clinically diverse samples. The small benefits demonstrated may have substantial public health benefits, due to their widespread use. This data provides tentative support for the inflammatory hypothesis of depression. However, measuring inflammatory markers and depression simultaneously in future trials of statin use is warranted.
Pioglitazone in Patients With Mood Disorders; While the association between insulin resistance (IR) and depressive symptoms is well documented (Gold et al., 2005), causal aspects of the relationship are incompletely documented and likely bidirectional. As the current prevalence rates of DM2 and related diseases grow worldwide and its associated metabolic consequences become more salient, it is increasingly critical to understand the role of IR in depressive disorders. Insulin has been shown to alter central nervous system (CNS) concentrations of neurotransmitters such as dopamine (Lozovsky et al., 1981) and norepinephrine (Boyd et al., 1985), by a variety of mechanisms, as well as to have direct electrophysiological effects on neuronal activity (Boyd et al., 1985). Additionally, induced IR in the CNS has been shown to result in cognitive and behavioral alterations in animal models (Kovacs and Hajnal, 2009). Accordingly, when depression manifests as a sequela of metabolic disorders such as obesity and DM2, it is hypothesized to be associated with resistance of CNS structures to the effects of insulin, which may derive from genetic polymorphisms, as well as from long‐term exposure to excess amounts of circulating insulin due to peripheral IR (Okamura et al., 2000b). Thus, "overcoming" central IR," for example by pharmacological interventions, could be an attractive strategy in the treatment and prevention of these disorders. This study aimed to assess mood effects in a 12‐week double‐blind, randomized‐controlled trial of adjuvant treatment with the PPARγ‐agonist pioglitazone, an insulin‐sensitizing agent, compared with treatment with placebo, in participants with non‐psychotic, non‐remitting depression receiving standard psychiatric regimens for unipolar or bipolar depression. Pioglitazone is an FDA‐approved, insulin‐sensitizing treatment for DM2 and has particularly beneficial effects on lipid profile (Goldberg et al., 2005) and rate of cardiovascular events (Lincoff et al., 2007) in this population. Furthermore, in assessing the utility of an additive insulin‐sensitizing agent on mood outcomes in both insulin sensitive and insulin resistant patients, this study attempted to disentangle the role of insulin‐sensitizing and anti‐inflammatory mechanisms. In an a prior manner, this study's aims were twofold: (1) to assess whether treatment with pioglitazone would result in significantly greater mood improvement compared to treatment with placebo among patients with unremitted depression despite treatment as usual (TAU) and (2) to examine mechanisms of proposed effects of a PPARγ‐agonist on mood outcomes by comparing treatment outcomes based on surrogate markers of glucose metabolic status (hereafter referred to IR and IS) between IR and insulin sensitive (IS) participants.
Predictors of relapse in a fixed-dose, randomized, double-blind, 52-week relapse prevention trial of selegiline transdermal system; Purpose: Major depression is a chronic disorder with at least 75% of patients experiencing recurrences and/or relapses. Recurrent episodes and relapses have also been shown to be predictors of treatment resistance in MDD when compared to single episode depression. The variability in treatment relapse in major depressive disorder (MDD) has led to investigations of the relevance of patient characteristics as predictors of relapse. Despite consistent evidence for efficacy, the clinical use of monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOIs) has declined due to safety concerns about food and drug interactions. Selegiline transdermal system (STS), US FDA approved for major depressive disorder, was developed to overcome the limitations of oral MAOIs, in particular, dietary restrictions. Labeling for STS 6 mg/24 hr requires no restrictions, while 9 mg/24 hr and 12 mg/24 hr doses necessitate dietary modifications. In clinical trials without dietary modifications, there were no reports of hypertensive crisis associated with STS. Selegiline transdermal system (STS) has been demonstrated to be an effective and well‐tolerated acute and maintenance treatment for MDD [1], [2]. STS delivers sustained blood levels of monoamine oxidase inhibitor (MAOI) directly into systemic circulation, avoiding the need for a tyramine‐restricted diet at the 6 mg/day dose. To date, predictors of response or relapse with STS have not been assessed. The purpose of this post hoc analysis was to examine clinical characteristics predictive of relapse in a 52‐week controlled, pivotal trial of selegiline transdermal system (STS) [1]. Method: After 10 weeks of open‐label stabilization with STS, 322 remitted patients with MDD were randomized to 52‐weeks of double‐blind treatment with STS (6 mg/24 hrs) or placebo. Relapse was defined as Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD‐17) score of ≥14 and a CGI‐S score of ≥3 with at least 2‐point increase from the beginning of double blind phase on 2 consecutive visits. Pretreatment demographics, illness course, treatment resistance and symptom domains were studied to identify predictors of relapse. Results: Significantly fewer STS patients (16.8%) relapsed compared to placebo (30.7%) (p<0.005) and had a significantly longer time to relapse than did placebo (p<0.005) across the 52 week trial. Baseline total HAMD‐28 score, somatic anxiety, recurrent MDD, atypical depression, and analgesic use (celecoxib, naproxen) predicted relapse. Significant predictors of differential outcome were identified: (1) high baseline HAMD‐28 score (p<0.001), high somatic anxiety (p<0.05) and celecoxib use (p<0.05) predicted relapse with STS; (2) atypical symptoms (p<0.05), recurrent episodes (p<0.05) and naproxen use (p<0.01) predicted relapse with placebo. Conclusions: For patients on STS, higher baseline depression severity, somatic anxiety or receiving celecoxib predicted relapse, while predictors of relapse with placebo were atypical or recurrent depression or naproxen use. The results are in line with previous research on the utility of MAOIs for patients with anxiety and/or atypical symptoms and provide indirect evidence of treatment specificity by identifying characteristics which may be of value in selection of patients for STS treatment.
Cognitive function in post-treatment Lyme disease: do additional antibiotics help?; BACKGROUND: It is controversial whether additional antibiotic treatment will improve cognitive function in patients with post‐treatment chronic Lyme disease (PTCLD). OBJECTIVE: To determine whether antibiotic therapy improves cognitive function in two randomized double‐blind placebo‐controlled studies of patients with PTCLD. METHODS: A total of 129 patients with a physician‐documented history of Lyme disease from three study sites in the northeast United States were studied. Seventy‐eight were seropositive for IgG antibodies against Borrelia burgdorferi, and 51 were seronegative. Patients in each group were randomly assigned to receive IV ceftriaxone 2 g daily for 30 days followed by oral doxycycline 200 mg daily for 60 days or matching IV and oral placebos. Assessments were made at 90 and 180 days after treatment. Symptom severity was measured from the cognitive functioning, pain, and role functioning scales of the Medical Outcomes Study (MOS). Memory, attention, and executive functioning were assessed using objective tests. Mood was assessed using the Beck Depression Inventory and Minnesota Multiphasic Personality Inventory. RESULTS: There were no significant baseline differences between seropositive and seronegative groups. Both groups reported a high frequency of MOS symptoms, depression, and somatic complaints but had normal baseline neuropsychological test scores. The combined groups showed significant decreases in MOS symptoms, higher objective test scores, and improved mood between baseline and 90 days. However, there were no significant differences between those receiving antibiotics and placebo. CONCLUSION: Patients with post‐treatment chronic Lyme disease who have symptoms but show no evidence of persisting Borrelia infection do not show objective evidence of cognitive impairment. Additional antibiotic therapy was not more beneficial than administering placebo.
Can minocycline reverse morphine-induced respiratory depression in obstructive sleep apnea patients?- A pilot study; INTERVENTION: This is a double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, cross‐over study. All subjects will undergo 2 overnight sleep studies separated by an interval of at least 1 week. The Sleep Study measures the effects of the drug on breathing and oxygen levels during sleep. After signed and informed consent is given, participants would be prescribed a 3 day course of either active or placebo oral minocycline, depending on their randomisation. Patients will be asked to take a single loading dose of 200 mg of minocycline/placebo at around 8pm two days before the first sleep study. For the next two days patients take 100 mg minocyclin/placebo twice a day (8am and 8pm approximately), including the sleep testing day. First PSG study: Patient finishes dinner at 5pm, and takes a single dose of 30mg MS Contin (oral slow release morphine)at 5:30pm. At 8pm, the patient takes scheduled 100mg minocycline/placebo. At 9pm, patient will be tested for pain threshold (Von Frey hair test), and a short 10 minute clinical test of breathing, the central ventilatory chemosensitivity test. An indwelling venous catheter will be inserted and 5ml of venous blood will be taken for drug concentration/metabolites analysis. At 10pm, PSG sleep study starts. After awakening the next morning the patient will be discharged with the 3 days dose of cross‐over minocycline/placebo to be taken at home before the next scheduled sleep study. The second arm of the study, the procedure is identical to the first arm except the patient has been provided the opposite treatment according to the randomization schedule. Second PSG study: The procedure is identical to the first PSG night, except that the subject takes 100mg cross‐over minocycline/placebo at 8pm (the second dose of the day). CONDITION: obstructive sleep apnea PRIMARY OUTCOME: %Total sleep time SpO2 <90% during sleep. The parameter is part of the PSG measurement. Central chemosensitivity tested by ventilatory chemoreflex tesing system SpO2 (Oxygen Saturation) nadir during sleep SECONDARY OUTCOME: CO2 recruitment threshold tested by chemoreflex testing system Oxygen desaturation index (ODI) as part of PSG assessment Pain threshold (Mechanical Detection Threshold) tested by Von Frey Hair INCLUSION CRITERIA: Aged between 18‐60 years who have previously been tested by a polysomnography (PSG) study that shows they have sleep apnoea, with Apnea Hypopnea Index >15/hr and SpO2 nadir 90‐70%.
Can minocycline reverse morphineinduced respiratory depression in obstructive sleep apnea patients?; Background: Recent animal studies suggest that the antibiotic minocycline reverses morphine‐induced respiratory depression, while enhancing morphine‐induced analgesia. We conducted a proof of concept double‐blind, cross‐over, placebo‐controlled clinical trial, testing this combination of drugs on mild to moderate obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) patients. Methods: After a screening polysomnography (PSG) study, 10 OSA patients underwent 2 overnight PSG sleep studies separated by an interval of at least 1 week. The patients took a 3 day course of either active or placebo minocycline (100 mg twice a day), in random order, before the two PSG studies. They also took 30 mg oral control‐release morphine 4 hrs before the start of each PSG study. Ventilatory chemoreflexes were tested just before sleep. Results: Compared to baseline, the administration of 30 mg morphine alone did not cause significant respiratory depression in all key PSG parameters (all p > 0.05). However, compared to the use of morphine alone, the combination use of morphine and minocycline tended to have worse mean SpO2 nadir (83.5 ± 7.3 vs 78.9 ± 8.6 SD%, p=0.13) and sleep time with SpO2 < 90% (6.5 ± 6.9 vs 13.7 ± 16.3 SD mins, p=0.12). Mean heart rate was also reduced during awake (73.0 ± 16.4 vs 62.9 ± 15.4 SD/min, p=0.06), during non‐REM sleep (57.6 ± 9.1 vs 53.2 ± 8.1 SD/min, p=0.088) and during REM sleep (62.1 ± 9.6 vs 57.1 ± 8.0 SD/min, p=0.1). Compared to baseline, mean central chemosensitivity was reduced either using morphine alone or in combination with minocycline (2.2 ± 1.3 vs 1.5 ± 0.8 SD, 2.2 ± 1.3 vs 1.4 ± 0.5 SD, l/min/mmHg; p=0.18, p=0.09). Basal minute ventilation was particularly reduced with the combination minocycline (10.4 ± 3.6 vs 12.6 ± 5.3 SD l/min baseline, p=0.02; 10.4 ± 3.6 vs 12.1 ± 4.3 SD l/min morphine alone, p=0.1). Conclusion: A clinically significant protective effect of minocycline on opiate‐induced respiratory depression is unlikely. Conversely, the majority of outcomes tested show a trend towards greater respiratory depression with the addition of minocycline.
Transcriptional signatures related to glucose and lipid metabolism predict treatment response to the tumor necrosis factor antagonist infliximab in patients with treatment-resistant depression; The tumor necrosis factor (TNF) antagonist infliximab was recently found to reduce depressive symptoms in patients with increased baseline inflammation as reflected by a plasma C‐reactive protein concentration >5 mg/L. To further explore predictors and targets of response to infliximab, differential gene expression was examined in peripheral blood mononuclear cells from infliximab responders (n=13) versus non‐responders (n=14) compared to placebo at baseline and 6 h, 24 h, and 2 weeks after the first infliximab infusion. Treatment response was defined as 50% reduction in depressive symptoms at any point during the 12‐week trial. One‐hundred‐forty‐eight gene transcripts were significantly associated (1.2‐fold, adjusted p≤0.01) with response to infliximab and were distinct from placebo responders. Transcripts predictive of infliximab response were associated with gluconeogenesis and cholesterol transport, and were enriched in a network regulated by hepatocyte nuclear factor (HNF)4‐alpha, a transcription factor involved in gluconeogenesis and cholesterol and lipid homeostasis. Of the 148 transcripts differentially expressed at baseline, 48% were significantly regulated over time in infliximab responders, including genes related to gluconeogenesis and the HNF4‐alpha network, indicating that these predictive genes were responsive to infliximab. Responders also demonstrated inhibition of genes related to apoptosis through TNF signaling at 6 h and 24 h after infusion. Transcripts down‐regulated in responders 2 weeks after infliximab were related to innate immune signaling and nuclear factor‐kappa B. Thus, baseline transcriptional signatures reflective of alterations in glucose and lipid metabolism predicted antidepressant response to infliximab, and infliximab response involved regulation of metabolic genes and inhibition of genes related to innate immune activation.
Cimicoxib for the Treatment of Major Depression (SECIM); Adult patients of both gender, aged between 18 and 60 years diagnosed with major depression by a psychiatrist and a HamD‐17 score ≥ 22 will be enrolled. All patients will undergo a wash out period of 3 days (without e.g. medication or antidepressant medication) prior to receiving sertraline combined with cimicoxib or placebo. In the exceptional case where in opinion of the investigator concomitant psychotic treatment is needed, up to 3 mg lorazepam daily can additionally be administrated during this period and the first two weeks of treatment.Assessment of HamD‐17 will be performed by trained psychiatric raters before wash out and at week 0 (baseline) prior to the treatment. If the HamD‐17 score decreases to less than 22 at the second rating patients will be excluded from study.Patient must be in‐patients during the wash out period and the first two weeks of treatment. Upon recommendation of the investigator, participants can become out‐patients with ambulatory care at day clinics after the first two weeks of treatment.At baseline (week 0) patients will be randomised to one of the following treatment arms:· 50 mg of sertraline (one tablet/unblinded) daily plus cimicoxib (one tablet‐50mg) twice daily.· 50 mg of sertraline (one tablet/unblinded) daily plus placebo (one tablet) twice daily If at study visit 3 (i.e. after 3 weeks of treatment) the baseline therapy dose of 50 mg of sertraline daily is considered as not therapeutically sufficient (increase of HamD‐17 by more than 20% compared to baseline), it can be increased to 100 mg daily at the discretion of the investigator. The decision by the investigator to increase sertraline dose to 100 mg daily is allowed only at study visit 3 and is not permitted at any other time during the study.During the double‐blind period, study visits will take place every week until week 6 and clinical psychiatric and safety assessments will be performed. Four weeks after the end of treatment the investigators or their designees will call the patients to capture information on how the patients feel and to assess if the patients experienced any SAE/AEs (e.g. hospitalisations).
The cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitor celecoxib has therapeutic effects in major depression: results of a double-blind, randomized, placebo controlled, add-on pilot study to reboxetine; Signs of an inflammatory process, in particular increased pro‐inflammatory cytokines and increased levels of prostaglandine E(2) (PGE(2)), have repeatedly been described in major depression (MD). As cyclooxygenase‐2 (COX‐2) inhibitors inhibit the PGE(2) production and the production of pro‐inflammatory cytokines, we performed a therapeutic trial with the COX‐2 inhibitor celecoxib. In a prospective, double‐blind, add‐on study, 40 patients suffering from an acute depressive episode were randomly assigned to either reboxetine and celecoxib or to reboxetine plus placebo. After a wash‐out period, 20 patients received 4‐10 mg reboxetine plus placebo and 20 received reboxetine plus 400 mg celecoxib for 6 weeks. The treatment effect was calculated by analysis of variance. There were no significant differences between groups in age, sex, duration or severity of disease or psychopathology, or reboxetine dose or plasma levels. Over 6 weeks, both groups of patients showed significant improvement in scores of the Hamilton Depression Scale. However, the celecoxib group showed significantly greater improvement compared to the reboxetine‐alone group. Additional treatment with celecoxib has significant positive effects on the therapeutic action of reboxetine with regard to depressive symptomatology. Moreover, the fact that treatment with an anti‐inflammatory drug showed beneficial effects on MD indicates that inflammation is related to the pathomechanism of the disorder, although the exact mechanisms remain to become elucidated.
Unmedicated, remitted patients with major depression have decreased serum immunoglobulin A; Patents with major depression have evidence of a proinflammatory state with consistent elevations in acute phase proteins and in the levels of inflammatory mediators such as interleukin‐6 and tumor necrosis factor‐α. We report here a study of the serum levels of immunoglobulin A (IgA) in medication‐free patients with major depression in the remitted state (ruMDD). Selective IgA deficiency is the most common form of immunoglobulin abnormality, and is often associated with a higher than expected incidence of proinflammatory and autoimmune phenomena. We measured serum IgG, IgM, and IgA in 28 ruMDD patients and 27 healthy subjects (Ctrl) at 0 (pretreatment), 7, and 24h following sham depletion and tryptophan (TrpD) depletion conducted at least 8 days apart under balanced, randomized, blinded conditions. Immunoglobulins were measured by automated immunonephelometry. Data were analyzed by repeated measures ANOVA with diagnosis as a fixed effect and drug (TrpD vs. sham), and time as repeated measures factors. Serum IgA was consistently lower in ruMDD patients vs. Ctrl at all time points examined (p<0.04 for main effect of diagnosis). Serum IgG and IgM levels did not show significant differences by diagnosis. Medication‐free patients with major depression in the remitted state have a significant reduction in serum IgA levels measured on multiple occasions. In the light of the fact that IgA serves many immunomodulatory, anti‐inflammatory roles, this finding supports the concept that major depressive illness represents a proinflammatory state.
Effectiveness of infliximab (TNF-alpha antagonist) in the treatment of late-onset depressive spectrum disorder in patients of 60 years and above; INTERVENTION: One intravenous administration of infliximab 3mg/kg or placebo CONDITION: ; Depressive disorders ; ; PRIMARY OUTCOME: Severity of depression according to the Montgomery‐Asberg Depression Rating Scale, 8 weeks after infliximab infusion. SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1. Presence and severity of apathy, 8 weeks after infliximab infusion; ; 2. Change in plasmaconcentration of CRP, from baseline till 8 weeks after infliximab infusion; ; 3. Association of LPS induced production capacity at baseline and outcome of depression, 8 weeks after infliximab infusion; ; 4. Association of circadian cortisol rhythm at baseline and outcome of depression, 8 weeks after infliximab infusion. INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Patients with depressive spectrum disorders (dysthymia, minor and major depression) using Standardised Clinical Interview for DSM‐IV disorders; 2. Age > 60 years; 3. Late onset of depressive spectrum disorder (age > 55 years); 4. Resistant to at least 1 regular antidepressant drug, used for at least 6 weeks and in sufficient doses; or suffering from too many side effects of the antidepressant.
Celecoxib as an adjunct in the treatment of depressive or mixed episodes of bipolar disorder: a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled study; OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether the cox‐2 inhibitor celecoxib has antidepressant effects in bipolar disorder (BD) patients during depressive or mixed phases. METHODS: We studied 28 DSM‐IV BD patients who were experiencing a depressive or mixed episode and were on a stable dose of a mood stabilizer or atypical antipsychotic medication. Subjects were randomized to receive 6 weeks of double‐blind placebo or celecoxib (400 mg/day) treatment. Current mood stabilizer or antipsychotic medication remained at the same doses during the trial. RESULTS: Intention‐to‐treat analysis showed that the patients receiving celecoxib had lower Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HamD) scores after 1 week of treatment compared to the patients receiving placebo, but this difference was not statistically significant (p = 0.09). The improvement in the first week of treatment was statistically significant when the analysis included only the subjects who completed the full 6‐week trial (p = 0.03). The two groups did not differ significantly on depressive or manic symptoms from the second week until the end of the trial. Celecoxib was well tolerated with the exception of two subjects who dropped out of the study due to rash. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggest that adjunctive treatment with celecoxib may produce a rapid‐onset antidepressant effect in BD patients experiencing depressive or mixed episodes.
Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and efficacy of antidepressants in major depressive disorder; BACKGROUND: It has been proposed that non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) may interfere with the efficacy of antidepressants and contribute to treatment resistance in major depressive disorder (MDD). This effect requires replication and a test of whether it is specific to serotonin‐reuptake inhibiting (SRI) antidepressants. METHOD: We tested the effect of concomitant medication with NSAIDs on the efficacy of escitalopram, a SRI antidepressant, and nortriptyline, a tricyclic antidepressant, among 811 subjects with MDD treated for up to 12 weeks in the GENDEP study. Effects of NSAIDs on improvement of depressive symptoms were tested in mixed‐effect linear models. Effects on remission were tested in logistic regression. Age, sex, baseline severity and centre of recruitment were considered as potential confounding factors. RESULTS: Ten percent (n=78) of subjects were taking NSAIDs during the antidepressant treatment. Older subjects were significantly more likely to take NSAIDs. After controlling for age, sex, centre of recruitment and baseline severity, concomitant medication with NSAIDs did not significantly influence the efficacy of escitalopram [β=0.035, 95% confidence interval (CI) ‐0.145 to 0.215, p=0.704] or nortriptyline (β=0.075, 95% CI ‐0.131 to 0.281, p=0.476). Although slightly fewer subjects who took NSAIDs reached remission [odds ratio (OR) 0.80, 95% CI 0.49‐1.31, p=0.383], this non‐significant effect was reversed after controlling for age, sex, baseline severity and recruitment centre effects (OR 1.04, 95% CI 0.61‐1.77, p=0.882). CONCLUSIONS: NSAIDs are unlikely to affect the efficacy of SRI or other antidepressants. Concurrent use of NSAIDs and antidepressants does not need to be avoided.
Effectiveness of infliximab (tumor necrotising factor -alpha antagonist) in the treatment of late-onset depressive spectrum disorder in patients of 60 years and above; INTERVENTION: One intravenous administration of infliximab 3 mg/kg or placebo. CONDITION: Depressive disorders ; Mental and Behavioural Disorders ; Depression PRIMARY OUTCOME: Severity of depression according to the Montgomery‐Asberg Depression Rating Scale, eight weeks after infliximab infusion. SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1. Presence and severity of apathy, eight weeks after infliximab infusion; 2. Change in plasmaconcentration of C‐Reactive Protein (CRP), from baseline till eight weeks after infliximab infusion; 3. Association of LipoPolySaccharide (LPS) induced production capacity at baseline and outcome of depression, eight weeks after infliximab infusion; 4. Association of circadian cortisol rhythm at baseline and outcome of depression, eight weeks after infliximab infusion INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Patients with depressive spectrum disorders (dysthymia, minor and major depression) using Standardised Clinical Interview for Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders Fourth edition (DSM‐IV) disorders 2. Age more than 60 years 3. Late onset of depressive spectrum disorder (age more than 55 years) 4. Resistant to at least one regular antidepressant drug, used for at least six weeks and in sufficient doses; or suffering from too many side effects of the antidepressant
Pain in adolescents and young adults with CF: location, severity, and predictors; Background: Cystic fibrosis (CF) is a progressive disease affecting multiple organ systems, including the lungs, pancreas and gastrointestinal system. Pain is a significant, but under‐studied complication of CF and may be related to disease progression, which can include chronic pulmonary infections and decreased lung function, and increased treatments, such as airway clearance and intravenous antibiotics. The relationship between pain and other outcome variables, such as emotional functioning and health‐related quality of life (HRQOL), is largely unknown in this population. The purpose of this study is to systematically assess pain in adolescents and young adults with CF and evaluate associations between pain, internalizing psychological symptoms, and HRQOL. Methods: The current study is part of an ongoing, NIH SBIR Phase II randomized, controlled trial being conducted at 6 CF centers. Participants complete a battery of measures during four consecutive clinic visits assessing pain, symptoms of anxiety and depression, and HRQOL. Participants also completed supplementary online pain diaries for the 6 days following each clinic visit. Diaries assessed pain intensity, location, duration, affective rating, and coping response. Results: Preliminary results were analyzed from the baseline visit (N=94). Mean age was 15.69 years (SD=2.91), 62% were female; 57% Caucasian, 16% Hispanic, and 9% African American. Mean FEV1% predicted of 79.89% (SD = 25.90) was in the mild range of severity. An average of 4.4 (out of 6 or 73.33%) of pain diaries were completed, with approximately 50% of participants completing all 6 diaries. At least one pain episode was reported by 34% of participants across the 6 days. Of those who experienced pain, mean intensity was 3.81 (out of 10 points). The most frequent location of pain was the stomach (66%), head/neck (50%), and chest (50%). Most frequently used coping mechanisms were: resting (72%) and taking medication (66%). Structural Equation Modeling evaluated the unique contributions of internalizing symptoms on pain and HRQOL. Pain intensity was regressed on age and disease severity (FEV1% predicted) to control for demographic characteristics. Next, internalizing symptoms (anxiety and depression) were included as independent, exogenous variables in the model. The final step included a latent, endogenous HRQOL variable, with indicators from the Cystic Fibrosis Questionnaire‐Revised (CFQ‐R), including Respiratory Symptoms, Treatment Burden, and Social Functioning. The final model fit the data, χ2 (32) = 16.14, p = .097 (RMSEA = .079, SRMR = .07). Results indicated that symptoms of depression and/or anxiety significantly predicted both reports of pain and HRQOL, after controlling for age and disease severity. Conclusions: These results indicate that pain is experienced quite commonly by adolescents and young adults with CF and illustrate the importance of measuring other factors that may affect pain perceptions, such as psychological distress. Analyses indicated that patients with more anxious and depressive symptoms reported more pain and worse HRQOL. Regular assessment of pain, psychological distress, and HRQOL is recommended.
Etanercept and clinical outcomes, fatigue, and depression in psoriasis: double-blind placebo-controlled randomised phase III trial; BACKGROUND: Psoriasis has substantial psychological and emotional effects. We assessed the effect of etanercept, an effective treatment for the clinical symptoms of psoriasis, on fatigue and symptoms of depression associated with the condition. METHODS: 618 patients with moderate to severe psoriasis received double‐blind treatment with placebo or 50 mg twice‐weekly etanercept. The primary efficacy endpoint was a 75% or greater improvement from baseline in psoriasis area and severity index score (PASI 75) at week 12. Secondary and other endpoints included the functional assessment of chronic illness therapy fatigue (FACIT‐F) scale, the Hamilton rating scale for depression (Ham‐D), the Beck depression inventory (BDI), and adverse events. Efficacy analyses were based on the allocated treatment. Analyses and summaries of safety data were based on the actual treatment received. This study is registered with with the identifier NCT00111449. FINDINGS: 47% (147 of 311) of patients achieved PASI 75 at week 12, compared with 5% (15 of 306) of those receiving placebo (p<0.0001; difference 42%, 95% CI 36‐48). Greater proportions of patients receiving etanercept had at least a 50% improvement in Ham‐D or BDI at week 12 compared with the placebo group; patients treated with etanercept also had significant and clinically meaningful improvements in fatigue (mean FACIT‐F improvement 5.0 vs 1.9; p<0.0001, difference 3.0, 95% CI 1.6‐4.5). Improvements in fatigue were correlated with decreasing joint pain, whereas improvements in symptoms of depression were less correlated with objective measures of skin clearance or joint pain. INTERPRETATION: Etanercept treatment might relieve fatigue and symptoms of depression associated with this chronic disease.
Patient-reported outcomes of etanercept in early non-radiographic axial spondyloarthritis: a 12-week, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; Background/Purpose: Limited data are available on the efficacy of anti‐TNF agents in non‐radiographic axial spondyloarthritis (nr‐axSpA). This analysis compares the impact of etanercept (ETN) vs placebo (PBO) on patient‐reported outcomes (PROs), after 12 weeks of double‐blind treatment in patients (pts) with nr‐axSpA who had an insufficient response to NSAIDs. Methods: Enrolled pts satisfied ASAS criteria for axSpA, had symptom duration of 3 months‐5 years and a BASDAI score≥4 despite current NSAID use. Pts were randomized to ETN 50 mg weekly or PBO with concomitant background NSAIDs. The primary clinical endpoint was ASAS40 at week 12. PROs included BASDAI, BASFI, BAS‐G, Work Productivity and Activity Index‐Ankylosing Spondylitis (WPAI‐AS), Multidimensional Fatigue Inventory (MFI), Nocturnal back pain VAS, total back pain VAS, subject assessment of disease activity (SGA), Short Form (SF‐36), Medical Outcomes Study (MOS)‐Sleep, Patient Acceptable Symptom State (PASS), Minimal Clinically Important Improvement (MCII), EuroQol (EQ)‐5D and Hospital Anxiety and Depression Screening (HADS). ANCOVA models were used with baseline score, treatment, region and SI status as variables. LOCF was used for missing data. Results: At baseline, MFI general scores (14.7, 15.0 [ETN, PBO]), EQ‐5D utility scores (0.52, 0.57), EQ‐5D VAS scores (56.5, 56.4) and MOS Sleep Index II scores (45.5, 48.1) were worse than population norms (6.6‐8.01, 0.862, 82.53 and 25.84, respectively). By week 12, more pts achieved ASAS40 with ETN50 than PBO (32% vs. 16%, P=0.006).5 By week 12 significant improvements favoring ETN50 vs. PBO were seen in stiffness, joint pain, ease of standing from an armless chair, ease of physically demanding and full‐day activities, looking over the shoulder, reaching up high, putting on socks and SGA (p<0.05 for all, Table). Mean WPAI presenteeism, SF‐36 bodily pain and MOS‐sleep quantity favored ETN50 (P<0.05), as did the proportion of pts with MCII (p=0.0458). Non‐significant improvements for ETN50 vs. PBO were seen in bending forward from the waist, WPAI, MFI, MOS‐Sleep Problems Index I and II, HADS, EQ‐5D and SF‐36 total scores (P>0.05 for all). Conclusion: The data show substantial improvements in PRO measures for disease specific and functional domains such as BASDAI, BASFI, BAS‐G, and pain, but limited improvement on general PRO measures such as sleep, fatigue and general health. Short disease duration, a short placebocontrolled period, and a wide range of PRO scores at baseline may have influenced relative improvements. (Table Presented).
Celecoxib add on therapy in drug naive depressed women; INTERVENTION: Celecoxib group: 25‐100mg/day Sertraline plus 100mg Celecoxib twice daily for eight weeks. Control group: 25‐100mg/day Sertraline plus 100mg placebo twice daily for eight weeks. Intervention 1: Celecoxib group: 25‐100mg/day Sertraline plus 100mg Celecoxib twice daily for eight weeks. Intervention 2: Control group: 25‐100mg/day Sertraline plus 100mg placebo twice daily for eight weeks. Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Depressive episode major depressive disorder. ; Depressive episode PRIMARY OUTCOME: Anxiety severity. Timepoint: baseline, week 4 and week 8. Method of measurement: Hamilton Anxiety rating scale. Depression severity. Timepoint: baseline, week 4 and week 8. Method of measurement: Hamilton Depression rating scale ‐17 items. SECONDARY OUTCOME: General health level. Timepoint: baseline, week 4 and week 8. Method of measurement: General health questionnair‐28. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. women experiencing first episode of depression according to DSM‐IV‐TR and the Hamilton rating scale (17 items) score was ranged from 18 to 36. 2. None of them had previously received antidepressant treatment. Exclusion criteria: 1. History of taking antidepressant medications. 2. Other psychiatric disorders. 3. Significant suicidal ideation. 4. lactation and pregnancy. 5. Liver and kidney dysfunction and cardiovascular disorders. 6. Drug abuse.
Improvement in depression and anxiety symptoms and clinical remission with etanercept and methotrexate therapy in active early rheumatoid arthritis: one year results of COMET; Presented at the Australian Rheumatology Association in conjunction with Rheumatology Health Professionals Association 50th Annual Scientific Meeting, Adelaide, 17‐21 May 2008
Cytokines and Inflammatory Marker during Therapy in Major Depression with Celecoxib - CITICOX; INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Celebrex Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule, hard INN or Proposed INN: Celecoxib Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 200‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Capsule, hard Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use Product Name: Sertraline Pharmaceutical Form: Coated tablet INN or Proposed INN: Sertraline CAS Number: 79617‐96‐2 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ CONDITION: Major Depression PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To prove or disapprove the hypothesis that an initially raised monocyte COX‐2 (PGE‐2) expression, the RNA monocyte signature expression, and the serum tryptophan/kynurenine ratio identify a subgroup of patients clinically responding better to add‐on COX‐2 inhibitor treatment in terms of improvement of the HamD‐17 score. Primary end point(s): Peripheral monocyte COX‐2 (PGE‐2) expression, the RNA monocyte signature and the serum ratio of tryptophan/kynurenine will be measured.; The HamD‐17 rating scale score and the Montgomery Asperg Depression Rating Scale score will be determined by investigators who will be trained in the use of these rating scales.; The safety assessments include standard parameters (adverse events, clinical laboratory tests and vital signs) as well as additional cardiovascular safety assessment (at screening) in view of the known class effects of COX‐2 inhibitors. Patients with coronary heart disease (CHD) or any other heart disease will be excluded from the study. Secondary Objective: 1) Changes from baseline to endpoint (week 6) in HamD‐17 score.; 2) Changes from baseline to endpoint (week 6) in Montgomery Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) score.; 3) To prove or disapprove the hypothesis that a rapid decline of initially raised RNA monocyte signature or the serum tryptophan/kynurenine ratio during COX‐2 inhibitor treatment identifies a subgroup of patients clinically responding better to add‐on COX‐2 inhibitor treatment in terms of improvement of the HamD‐17 score.; 4) In an exploratory design, serum levels of CRP, IL‐1, IL‐1Ra, IL‐6, IL‐17, TNF‐a, TNF‐R1, TNF‐R2, MIF, TGF‐ß, and neuroactive kynurenine metabolites will be followed up during therapy. INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) Major depression diagnosed by psychiatrist 2) DSM IV TR: 296.2x single depressive episode or 296.3x recurrent depressive episode 3) HamD‐17 score = 22 4) Informed consent 5) Age between 18 and 60 years Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) no F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range
Cyclooxygenase-2-Inhibitor Combination Treatment for Bipolar Depression; This is a placebo‐controlled study of patients with bipolar I disorder (BPD) utilizing a well‐known antidepressant, escitalopram (ESC), in combination with the anti‐inflammatory agent, celecoxib (CBX). The investigators hypothesize that combination treatment will lead to a qualitatively and quantitatively augmented response and will result in greater numbers of remitters compared to ESC monotherapy.
Inflammation control augments antidepressant response in bipolar depression; There is an association between stress, stress‐related mood disorders and inflammation. Control of inflammation in conjunction with antidepressant therapy may augment antidepressant response and convert treatment‐resistant patients to responders. Reports with the use of celecoxib in combination with an antidepressant agent are encouraging based on the hypothesis that inhibition of cyclooxygenase‐ 2 (COX‐2) reduces inflammation and enables antidepressant action to occur. We present preliminary data from a study of treatment‐resistant bipolar depression. Patients were randomized to receive escitalopram + celecoxib, or escitalopram + placebo. Subjects completed assessments at weeks 0, 1, 2, 4 and 8. Severity of depression and anxiety were quantified using the HAM‐D, HAM‐A, and MADRS rating scales. Perceived stress was assessed using the PSS‐14 scale. There was a statistically significant reduction in HAM‐D mean scores in the active group (p = 0.0005) vs. placebo (p = 0.145), MADRS scores in the active group (p < 0.001) vs. placebo (p = 0.172) and HAM‐A scores in the active group (p = 0.047) vs. placebo (p = 0.756). The PSS and HAM‐D scores were positively correlated (r = 0.684, p = 0.02). There was a statistically significant decrease in post‐treatment PSS scores in the active group (p = 0.049) vs. placebo (p = 0.717). The interim analysis of this ongoing study reveals that scores on scales for symptoms of depression, anxiety, and perceived stress significantly improved when subjects were treated with the combination escitalopram + celecoxib. These data suggest that controlling inflammation augments antidepressant response.
No association found between patients receiving isotretinoin for acne and the development of depression in a Canadian prospective cohort; BACKGROUND: There has been concern that the use of isotretinoin to treat acne may lead to depression. To date, research has not conclusively determined if this concern is warranted when contemplating the use of isotretinoin. OBJECTIVE: This study investigated the impact of isotretinoin use for patients with acne on mood status. The hypothesis was that an association exists between the use of isotretinoin and the development of depression, aside from acne severity. METHODS: We studied the relationship between isotretinoin and depression using a prospective, controlled, cohort design. The study was conducted in a community dermatology clinic. The exposed cohort consisted of consenting patients who were initiating isotretinoin treatment for acne. Patients were either treated with isotretinoin (Acutaneï) therapy (study group) (N=100) or by oral (N=41) or topical acne therapy (control group) (N=59). The Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression scale and the Zung Depression Status Inventory were used to assess depression both at baseline and after 2 months of prescribed use of isotretinoin or a control medication (topical or oral antibiotics). RESULTS: There was no correlation between isotretinoin use and the development of depression, based on either the Centre for Epidemiologic Studies Depression scale (Fisherâs exact test, P=0.497) or Zung Depression Status Inventory (ANOVA; F=1.4, P=0.2). CONCLUSION: Isotretinoin does not appear to be associated with the development of depression. Thus, denying patients with significant acne an effective medication for fear of developing depression may not be indicated at this point in time.
Current clinical applications of omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acids; BACKGROUND: Recent years have brought a resurgence of research interest in fatty acids, with studied fields running the gamut of human disease. This movement has run in parallel with an increased interest in using nutrition modalities as therapeutic measures, as opposed to their conventional role as energy sources. The aim of this manuscript is to provide a basic review of current clinical applications of omega‐6 and omega‐3 fatty acids, with a particular focus on the latter. METHODS: A selective review of the voluminous literature, including randomized controlled trials, meta‐analyses, population studies, and case reports, was used to compile data and identify trends in pertinent clinical applications of fatty acid therapy. CONCLUSIONS: There are a myriad of disorders and maladies that seem to benefit from fatty acid supplementation, specifically omega‐3 fatty acids. It has clearly been shown that omega‐3 fatty acid supplementation provides a protective benefit in heart disease, and in particular sudden cardiac death. Rheumatoid arthritis (RA) is another disease entity that has been proven to benefit from this nutrition intervention, with improvement in symptoms and diminished nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drug (NSAID) usage. In addition, many psychiatric disorders, particularly schizophrenia and major depressive disorder (MDD), have shown positive results when supplementation has been used as an adjunct to standard pharmacotherapy. The remainder of clinical applications for omega‐3 fatty acids requires further investigation. Specifically, according to preliminary clinical evidence, parenteral administration of fatty acids warrants further study.
A randomized controlled study to evaluate the efficacy of celecoxib add-on in patients of depression partially responding to escitalopram; Objectives: 1.To study the effect of celecoxib add‐on therapy compared to escitalopram dose escalation in patients of depression partially responding to escitalopram. 2. To study the effect of celecoxib add‐on therapy on serum level of IL‐1 b compared to escitalopram alone in patients of depression partially responding to escitalopram. Materials and Methods: A total of 143 adult outpatients who met the WHO ICD‐10 criteria of depression enrolled in the study initially after satisfying inclusion, exclusion criteria. Patients having Montogmery‐Asberg depression rating scale (MADRS) scores above 20 were prescribed escitalopram 10 mg o.d. for 4 weeks. After four weeks all patients were evaluated for clinical improvement by MADRS. Forty patients responding partially (25‐50% reduction in MADRS from day 0) to escitalopram 10 mg o.d. were allocated in a random fashion in equal number (n = 20) to group A: escitalopram 20 mg/day and group B: escitalopram 20 mg/day plus celecoxib 400 mg/day (200 mg bid) for another four weeks. Serum IL‐1 b levels were done at baseline (at the time of randomization) and at completion of therapy. Results: Although both treatment modalities significantly decreased the MADRS scores over the study period, the combination of escitalopram and celecoxib showed a significant superiority over escitalopram dose escalation in the treatment of symptoms of depression. Additionally celecoxib plus escitalopram therapy caused significantly more lowering of serum IL‐1 b levels as compared to escitalopram dose escalation alone. Conclusion: The results of this study suggest that celecoxib may be an effective augmentation agent in the management of patients of depression partially responding to escitalopram 10 mg and anti‐inflammatory pharmacotherapy should be further explored in these patients.
Imuran (Azathioprine) Dose-Ranging Study in Crohn's Disease; DESCRIPTION: Medical therapy for Crohn's disease is of variable success in ameliorating the cardinal symptoms of the disease (diarrhea, abdominal pain), in treating extraintestinal manifestations (fatigue, anorexia, fever, weight loss, arthralgias, skin, eye, liver and kidney manifestations), and in preventing complications (stricture, fistula, abscess). Currently, therapy is most often implemented in a stepwise fashion, progressing through anti‐inflammatory medications (sulfasalazine, mesalamine), antibiotics (metronidazole, ciprofloxacin), corticosteroids, immunomodulatory or immunosuppressive medications, including thioguanine compounds (6 mercaptopurine or its prodrug azathioprine), methotrexate, and finally, infliximab (anti‐tumor necrosis factor). A common approach is the gradual addition of more potent medications to agents that are believed to be safer, but may also be less effective. Despite the current approach to medical therapy in Crohn's disease, a substantial number of patients—from 20 to 40%—require surgery within 3 years of diagnosis, excluding those requiring surgery at the time of diagnosis. Nearly 80% of patients require surgery by 20 years from the onset of disease. Corticosteroids have long been a mainstay of therapy in Crohn's disease although side effects are frequently observed with both short term and long‐term use. Potential side effects are well‐described, and may include relatively minor problems such as insomnia and acne, as well as more serious adverse effects, including hypertension, narrow‐angle glaucoma, depression, weight gain, adrenal suppression, Cushing's syndrome, diminished bone mineral density, and infections. Azathioprine is often used to treat patients with steroid resistant or dependent Crohn's disease. Azathioprine is used as a steroid sparing agent, as treatment for active, inflammatory disease, for maintenance of remission, as therapy for perforating disease (fistulae), and for specific extraintestinal manifestations. To date, however, randomized, controlled clinical studies assessing a range of doses of azathioprine in Crohn's disease have not been conducted. The optimal weight‐based dose is not known. EXPECTED CONTRIBUTION: This study will identify an optimal weight based dose of azathioprine for treatment of patients with active Crohn's disease requiring treatment with corticosteroids. STUDY HYPOTHESIS: An optimal weight‐based dose of azathioprine will induce and maintain remission in subjects with steroid‐dependent Crohn's disease. COMPARISON: Three different doses of azathioprine will be compared in this study (0.5, 2.5, and 3.5mg/kg/day). Subjects will take the study medication for 9 months.
Improved health outcomes with etanercept versus usual DMARD therapy in an Asian population with established rheumatoid arthritis; BACKGROUND: Patient reported outcomes (PROs) are especially useful in assessing treatments for rheumatoid arthritis (RA) since they measure dimensions of health‐related quality of life that cannot be captured using strictly objective physiological measures. The aim of this study was to compare the effects of combination etanercept and methotrexate (ETN + MTX) versus combination synthetic disease modifying antirheumatic drugs (DMARDs) and methotrexate (DMARD + MTX) on PRO measures among RA patients from the Asia‐Pacific region, a population not widely studied to date. Patients with established moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis who had an inadequate response to methotrexate were studied. METHODS: Patients were randomized to either ETN + MTX (N = 197) or DMARD + MTX (N = 103) in an open‐label, active‐comparator, multicenter study, with PRO measures designed as prospective secondary endpoints. The Health Assessment Questionnaire (HAQ), Functional Assessment of Chronic Illness Therapy Fatigue Scale (FACIT‐Fatigue), Medical Outcomes Short Form‐36 Health Survey (SF‐36), Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS) and the Work Productivity and Activity Impairment Questionnaire: General Health (WPAI:GH) were used. RESULTS: Significantly greater improvements were noted for the ETN + MTX group at week16 for HAQ mean scores and for proportion of patients achieving HAQ score ≤ 0.5, compared to patients in the DMARD + MTX group. SF‐36 Summary Scores for physical and mental components and for 6 of 8 health domains showed significantly greater improvements at week16 for the ETN + MTX group; only scores for physical functioning and role‐emotional domains did not differ significantly between the two treatment arms. Greater improvements at week16 were noted for the ETN + MTX group for FACIT‐Fatigue, HADS, and WPAI:GH mean scores. CONCLUSION: Combination therapy using ETN + MTX demonstrated superior improvements using a comprehensive set of PRO measures, compared to combination therapy with usual standard of care DMARDs plus MTX in patients with established rheumatoid arthritis from the Asia‐Pacific region. TRIAL REGISTRATION: clintrials.gov # NCT00422227.
Self-reported health outcomes in patients with psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis randomized to two etanercept regimens; BACKGROUND: Moderate/severe psoriasis combined with psoriatic arthritis (PsA) impairs health‐related quality of life (QoL). Etanercept, a fully human tumour necrosis factor‐α receptor fusion protein, is approved for treatment of both diseases. OBJECTIVE: To compare patient‐reported health outcomes (PROs) of two etanercept regimens in patients with moderate/severe psoriasis and PsA. METHODS: In this randomized, double‐blind, multicenter study, participants received etanercept 50 mg twice weekly (BIW; n = 379) or 50 mg weekly (QW; n = 373) for 12 weeks and open‐label etanercept 50 mg QW for 12 additional weeks. PROs included: the EuroQOL‐5D (EQ‐5D), which measures general health status and consists of the utility index measuring five dimensions of health, and a visual analogue scale (VAS) allowing patients to assess health status; the Dermatology Life Quality Index (DLQI), which measures the impact of skin disease on QoL; the Health Assessment Questionnaire‐Disability Index (HAQ‐DI), an assessment of physical function; the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS), which screens for anxiety and depression symptoms; and individual questions on general health, disease activity, fatigue, itching, joint pain and morning stiffness. RESULTS: At baseline, patients reported QoL worse than that seen in many chronic medical conditions. Significant within‐group improvements in each PRO occurred from baseline to Week 12 (P < 0.001) in both groups and were maintained at Week 24; DLQI, EQ‐5D, HAQ‐DI and self assessments improved significantly (P < 0.001) from baseline as early as Week 3. At Week 12, but not Week 24, improvement in DLQI, itching and psoriasis activity was greater in the BIW arm (P ≤ 0.004). Improvements in other PROs were always similar between groups. CONCLUSIONS: Greater improvements in PROs specific to skin disorders were seen with etanercept BIW than QW at Week 12, but not at Week 24. Both etanercept regimens led to sustained PRO improvements, starting as early as Week 3.
A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of celecoxib augmentation of sertraline in the treatment of a drug-naive women with major depression; Objectives: A growing body of evidence strongly suggests that inflammatory process and immune responses are involved in the pathophysiology of depression. While depression itself is considered a heterogeneous disorder, the involvement of immune system further complicates the matter. Meanwhile, several antidepressant medications (e.g. fluoxetine) have been reported to exert immunomodulatory properties, which may affect human immune system and may partly contribute to their efficacy. Moreover, it must be noted that immune response/system profoundly varies between the genders due to differences in sex hormones. However, there have been no controlled studies investigating the benefits of celecoxib augmentation therapy in treatment‐naive women with depression. To increase the homogeneity of the study population, the present study was designed to examine the antidepressant effects of celecoxib augmentation of sertraline in the treatment of female drug‐naive patients with depression for 8 weeks. Methods: Forty female patients diagnosed with first episode of major depression according to DSM‐IV‐TR criteria were recruited for this study. The inclusion criteria were: 1. First episode of major depression, 2. Female gender, 3. Antidepressant‐naive, 4. Age between 18 and 50 years, and 5. Hamilton depression rating scale (17 items) score ranging from 18 to 36. The patients with history of other psychiatric disorders, significant suicidal ideation, liver and kidney dysfunction, and cardiovascular disorders were excluded. The patients were randomly assigned into two equal groups receiving either sertraline 50‐100 mg/day plus celecoxib 100 mg twice daily or sertraline 50‐100 mg/day plus placebo twice daily. The participants were assessed by Hamilton depression and anxiety rating scale at baseline, and 4th and 8th weeks of the treatment. The data were analyzed by Mann‐Whitney U test and Fisher's exact test. The trial was registered in Iranian Registry of Clinical Trials (IRCT registration number: IRCT201009043106N3). This study was approved by Azad University Pharmaceutical Sciences Ethics Committee (No: 4114). Results: No significant differences were observed between two groups regarding demographicals characteristics and the Hamilton depression score at baseline. The mean Hamilton depression score decreased from 26.14 (SD=5.51) at baseline to 12.42 (SD=5) at 4th week and from 26.22 (SD=5.38) at baseline to 17.33 (SD=5.24) at 4th week in the celecoxib and placebo groups, respectively. Celecoxib group showed significantly greater decrease in Hamilton scores compared to placebo (P< 0.05) at the end of week 4. The mean decrease in Hamilton score was greater in the treatment group compared to placebo over 8 weeks, although it was not statistically significant. In addition, remission rate (HamD scores <= 7) was significantly higher in the celecoxib group compared to placebo group (57% and 11% respectively, P<0.05). Conclusion: It can be suggested that celecoxib augmentation therapy may accelerate the onset of therapeutic action of sertraline and also result in higher remission rate at the endpoint of treatment. The results of present study substantiate the hypothesis that add‐on treatment with anti‐inflammatory agents can be beneficial in the management of depression.
Patient satisfaction with injection devices: a randomized controlled study comparing two different etanercept delivery systems in moderate to severe psoriasis; BACKGROUND: There is limited information regarding the acceptability of injection devices for biological agents. OBJECTIVES: The primary objective of the study was to investigate patients' perceptions on the acceptability of two devices delivering etanercept. The secondary objectives of the study were to explore whether patients' attributes are associated with preferences. METHODS: This was a multicentre, open‐label, randomized, parallel‐design study. Adult patients with psoriasis were randomized to receive etanercept 50 mg twice‐weekly subcutaneously for 12 weeks, either as a pre‐filled syringe or as a pre‐filled pen. The primary outcome was the patient satisfaction at week 12 with the injection device, as measured on a 0‐10‐point Likert scale. The study was powered to demonstrate non‐inferiority of a pen over a syringe for the primary endpoint. RESULTS: A total of 421 patients were randomized. Mean patient satisfaction at week 12 was 8.9 (±1.9) points in the pen group and 7.6 (±2.6) points in the syringe group. There was a statistically significant advantage for the pen compared with the syringe. Multiple correspondence analysis showed that very satisfied patients were the oldest and had had psoriasis for a longer duration, while less satisfied patients were the most anxious and depressed. PASI 75 response was achieved by 61% of patients in the pen group and 57% in the syringe group at week 12. CONCLUSIONS: This study showed higher patient satisfaction when injecting etanercept with a pen compared with a syringe. Factors associated with lower satisfaction are younger age, anxiety and depression.
Imbalance between pro- and anti-inflammatory cytokines, and between Th1 and Th2 cytokines in depressed patients: the effect of electroacupuncture or fluoxetine treatment; BACKGROUND: An increase in inflammatory response and an imbalance between T‐helper (Th) 1 and 2 functions have been implicated in major depression. The aims of the present study were to 1) study the relationship between pro‐ and anti‐inflammatory cytokines and between Th1 and Th2 produced cytokines in depressed patients and 2) evaluate and compare the effect of treatments with electroacupuncture (EA) and fluoxetine on these cytokines. METHODS: 95 outpatients with major depressive disorder were treated for 6 weeks with EA, fluoxetine or placebo. Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) and Clinical Global Impression (CGI) were used to assess severity and therapeutic effects. 30 volunteers served as controls. Serum cytokine concentrations were measured by ELISA. RESULTS: Increased proinflammatory cytokine interleukin (IL)‐1beta and decreased anti‐inflammatory cytokine IL‐10 were found in the depressed patients. By contract, Th1 produced proinflammatory cytokines, tumor necrosis factor (TNF)‐alpha and interferon (IFN)‐gamma were decreased, and Th2 produced cytokine IL‐4 was significantly increased in depressed patients. The ratio of IFN/IL‐4 was also increased. Both acupuncture and fluoxetine treatments, but not the placebo, reduced IL‐1beta concentrations in responders. However, only acupuncture attenuated TNF‐alpha concentration and INF‐gamma/IL‐4 ratio towards the control level. DISCUSSION: These results suggest that an imbalance between the pro‐ and anti‐inflammatory cytokines (IL‐1 and IL‐10), and between Th1 and Th2 cytokines (INF‐gamma or TNF‐alpha and IL‐4) occurred in untreated depressed patients. Both EA and fluoxetine had an anti‐inflammatory effect by reducing IL‐1beta. EA treatment also restored the balance between Th1 and Th2 systems by increasing TNF‐alpha and decreasing IL‐4.
Pioglitazone adjunctive therapy for moderate-to-severe major depressive disorder: randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trial; Thiazolidinediones have shown antidepressant effect in animal studies, as well as in some uncontrolled studies evaluating human subjects with concurrent major depressive disorder (MDD) and metabolic syndrome. Although these drugs are insulin sensitizers, they also have important anti‐inflammatory, neuroprotective, and anti‐excitotoxic properties. Thus, we hypothesized that they would show antidepressant effect in patients with MDD even if it was not accompanied by metabolic disturbances. In this double‐blind placebo‐controlled study, 40 patients with MDD (DSM‐IV‐TR) and Hamilton depression rating scale‐17 (Ham‐D) score ≥ 22 were randomized to citalopram plus pioglitazone (15 mg every 12 h) (n=20) or citalopram plus placebo (n=20) for 6 weeks. Patients were evaluated using Ham‐D (weeks 0, 2, 4, 6). Repeated‐measure analysis of variance (ANOVA) and analysis of covariance were used for comparison of scores between the two groups. Treatment response (≥ 50% reduction in Ham‐D score), remission (Ham‐D score ≤ 7), and early improvement (≥ 20% reduction in Ham‐D score within the first 2 weeks) were compared between the two groups using Fisher's exact test. Pioglitazone showed superiority over placebo during the course of the trial (F(1, 38)=9.483, p=0.004). Patients in the pioglitazone group had significantly lower scores at all time points than the placebo group (P<0.01). Frequency of early improvement, response (week 6), and remission was significantly higher in the pioglitazone group (95%, 95%, 45%, respectively) than in the placebo (30%, 40%, 15% respectively) group (P<0.001, <0.001, 0.04, respectively). Frequency of side effects was similar between the two groups. Pioglitazone is a safe and effective adjunctive short‐term treatment in patients with moderate‐to‐severe MDD even in the absence of metabolic syndrome and diabetes.
COX-2 Specific Inhibitor and Cognitive Function: a Pilot Study; OBJECTIVE: New nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) with highly selective cyclooxygenase‐2 (COX‐2) inhibition afford protection against gastropathy, but their acute and long‐term effects on the central nervous system are unclear. Our aim was to investigate the influence of COX‐2 specific inhibitor (celecoxib) on cognitive function. METHODS: Within the context of a randomized controlled parallel trial of NSAIDs for osteoarthitis (OA), we performed a battery of neuropsychological tests in consecutive 10 osteoarthritis patients with celecoxib (200 mg/day) and 13 osteoarthritis patients with diclofenac (100 mg/day) before and after 4 weeks by clinical psychologists who were not involoved in the study and unaware of study protocols and treatment allocation. The tests were performed randomly in sequence in order to minimize learning effect. The examed cognitive domains included memory, reasoning/problem solving, simple and complex attention, visual‐spatial processing, and psychomotor speed. RESULTS: Demographic characteristcs (age, sex, disease duration, functional status measured by patient's and physician's global assessment and KWOMAC, CES depression score, education level) were not significantly different between both treatment groups. In all cognitive domains, we did not find out significant cognitive decline before and after treatments either with celecoxib or diclofenac. There was no difference in the change of cognitive function between both treatment groups. CONCLUSION: The short‐term use of COX‐2 specific inhibitor as well as conventional NSAID may not impair cognitive function. The long‐term follow up study using large number of patients is in progress. [By kind permission, KoreaMed, Korean Association of Medical Journal Editors.]
Improvements in patient-reported outcomes in moderate-to-severe psoriasis patients receiving continuous or paused etanercept treatment over 54 weeks: the CRYSTEL study; OBJECTIVE: To assess patient‐reported outcomes (PRO) in patients with moderate‐to‐severe plaque psoriasis receiving continuous or paused etanercept treatment. METHODS: In a multicentre European open‐label study, one group (n = 352) received continuous therapy: 25 mg subcutaneously (SC) twice weekly (BIW) throughout 54‐weeks. The other group (n = 359) received paused therapy: 50 mg SC BIW (<or= 12 weeks) until response was adequate by Physician Global Assessment; after psoriasis returned, retreatment (25 mg BIW) was begun. PRO included the Dermatology Life Quality Index (DLQI), EuroQoL‐5D (EQ‐5D), Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS), and the SF‐36 Vitality subscale. RESULTS: At baseline, mean DLQI for patients in the continuous (12.8) and paused group (13.8), indicated significant quality‐of‐life impairment; mean EQ‐5D utility scores were 0.65 and 0.66 for continuous and paused patients, respectively; 30.0% of continuous and 37.0% of paused patients had at least mild symptoms of depression; 40.2% and 48.6%, respectively, had at least mild symptoms of anxiety. At week 54, both groups showed statistically significant (P < 0.05) and meaningful improvement in DLQI and EQ‐5D scores; improvements in HADS‐D, HADS‐A, and SF‐36 vitality were also significant. Improvements in DLQI and EQ‐5D were significantly greater in the continuous arm than the paused arm, but the differences were not meaningful. Differences between arms in HADS and SF‐36 Vitality at week 54 were not significant. CONCLUSIONS: At baseline, patients exhibited significant quality‐of‐life impairment. Both continuous and paused etanercept treatment provided improvements in PRO measures. Either regimen could be considered and care should be individualized.
Antidepressant, antioxidant and anti-inflammatory effects of curcumin in adults diagnosed with major depression; INTERVENTION: Curcumin capsules containing 500mg of a proprietry blend of curcumin (BCM‐95 'Registered Trademark') will be consumed twice daily for 8 weeks by adults diagnosed with major depression. CONDITION: Depression PRIMARY OUTCOME: Change in anxiety levels as assessed by the Spielberger state‐trait anxiety inventory (STAI) Change in depression score as assessed by the Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology (IDS‐SR30) Change in general health as assessed by SF‐36 Health Survey SECONDARY OUTCOME: Change in salivary cortisol awakening response Changes in inflammatory and oxidative stress markers as assed in blood and urine INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Male or female aged between 18 and 65 years 2. Suffering from major depression (mild to moderate severity) as assesed by the Mini International Neuropsychiatric interview 3. Medication‐free for at least 4 months (except pharmaceutical antidepressants and contraceptive pill) 4. Non‐smoker
Modulation of ethanol-induced central nervous system depression by ibuprofen; We investigated the effect of pretreatment with a prostaglandin synthetase inhibitor, ibuprofen, on the pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of ethanol in six fasting subjects. Ibuprofen caused a 10% decrease in the maximum rate of elimination of ethanol. Visual memory, which is a function primarily mediated by the right cerebral hemisphere, was measured by the Benton Visual Retention test and was more impaired during combined ibuprofen and ethanol dosing than during ethanol dosing alone (P = 0.05). The auditory‐verbal memory of the subjects, which is primarily a function of the left cerebral hemisphere, was assessed by the Selective Reminding Test and showed decreased impairment during combined ibuprofen and ethanol dosing as compared with ethanol dosing alone (P = 0.04). The opposite effect of ibuprofen on ethanol‐induced cognitive impairment as measured by two lateralized functions is consistent with the reports in tissue and animal models that central nervous system effects of ethanol may be mediated at least in part by prostaglandins.
Effects of fluoxetine and escitalopram on C-reactive protein in patients of depression; Objective: To study the anti‐inflammatory activity of fluoxetine and escitalopram in newly diagnosed patients of depression and also to evaluate the association between depression and inflammation. Materials and Methods: Ninety‐eight newly diagnosed patients of depression were recruited as cases. From these, 48 had started treatment with fluoxetine (20 mg/day) and 50 had started treatment with escitalopram (20 mg/day). After 2 months of treatment of these patients, Hamilton rating scale for depression (HRSD scale), C‐reactive protein (CRP), erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR) and white blood cell (WBC) count were measured and compared to their respective baseline values before starting treatment. One hundred healthy volunteers were recruited as controls and their baseline of CRP, ESR and WBC count were measured and compared with their respective baseline values of cases. Severity of depression was measured by HRSD scale and anti‐inflammatory activity was measured by reduction CRP, ESR and WBC count. Results: On baseline comparison between cases and controls, there were significant increases in the levels of CRP (P = 0.014), ESR (P = 0.023) and WBC count (P = 0.020) in cases. In fluoxetine (20 mg/day) treatment group, there was a significant reduction in the levels of CRP (P = 0.046), ESR (P = 0.043) and WBC count (P = 0.021) after 2 months of treatment but no significant reduction in HRSD scale (P = 0.190). Similarly, in escitalopram treatment group, there was a significant reduction in CRP (P = 0.041), ESR (P = 0.030) and WBC count (P = 0.017) after 2 months of treatment but no significant reduction in HRSD scale (P = 0.169). Conclusion: In newly diagnosed patients of depression, inflammatory markers such as CRP, ESR and WBC count were significantly raised and Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors SSRIs such as fluoxetine and escitalopram reduced them independent of their antidepressant effect. So, SSRIs have some anti‐inflammatory activity independent of their antidepressant action.
Role of Exercise in Depression in Middle Aged and Older Adults; Recruitment will occur by phone or in the clinic by the Practice Based Research Network (PBRN) using the attached screener. Prior to contact, patients will have been identified as potentially eligible by having had a current or past diagnosis of depression as indicated in the Regenstrief Medical Records System. These potentially eligible persons must then be approved for the study and moderate‐intensity exercise by their primary care provider before the recruitment call and screener from the PBRN. The telephone screener uses the PHQ 9 (Patient Health Questionnaire‐9) and a modified Stanford Brief Physical Activity Scale. Those with a PHQ‐9 score of 10 or greater and who indicate no current regular physical activity will be eligible for further screening. Following recruitment by the PBRN, study personnel will call and confirm the PHQ‐9 results with the SCID. If the patient passes the follow‐up screening, the staff will arrange to travel to the patient's home. Study staff will obtain informed consent and perform baseline assessments including the Short Form‐36, PHQ‐9, Generalized Anxiety Disorder‐7 (GAD‐7), Medical Outcomes Study Social Support survey, and the ASA 24. The ASA 24 is an online dietary screener that measures energy intake over a 24 hour period. It is posted on the National Cancer Institute's website. Medication adherence and smoking levels will be measured by self report. Height, weight, waist circumference, and blood pressure will also be measured. With the exception of the SCID, each of these measures will be repeated at 3 month follow‐up. The PHQ‐9 will be completed monthly. Also, each month (three different time periods) participants will be asked to wear an armband accelerometer to measure energy expenditure over a 2 week period. The protocol gives details of the accelerometry procedures. Blood will be drawn using a 2 ten ml tubes at base line and 3 month follow‐up using procedures described in the Data Safety and Monitoring Plan. We will ask that the participants fast for eight hours prior to the blood draw, but will note if that was not possible. Appointments for the blood draw will be made within five days of the assessment and also take place within the participant's home.. The blood samples will measure circulating levels of the proinflammatory cytokines IL‐1α, IL‐1β, IL‐6, and TNF‐α; the anti‐inflammatory cytokines IL‐1ra and IL‐10; the acute‐phase reactant CRP; and VEGF and BDNF. All assessments and blood draws will occur in the participant's home. Participants will be randomized to public health or low dose exercise. Randomization will be stratified by baseline use/no use of prescription anti‐depressants. Both low and public health exercise arms will receive supervised one on one instruction via video conference. The exercise will occur five times a week for 10 to 30 minutes each session. During the twelve week intervention, the exercise will increase in intensity and may include wrist and ankle weights. During each session, the participant will rate their perceived exertion using the Borg's Rating of Perceived Physical Exertion (RPE): a 10 Point Scale where 0 is no movement and 10 is maximum effort. Participants will also wear a heart rate monitor. Participants in the low dose exercise arm will be instructed to exercise at an RPE of less than 5 and a heart rate of less than 50% of their age‐adjusted maximum (200 minus participant's age). The participants in the public health dose arm will be instructed to exercise at an RPE of between 5 and 7 and to maintain a heart rate of 55 to 70% of age‐adjusted maximum heart rate.
Improvement in patient-reported outcomes for patients with ankylosing spondylitis treated with etanercept 50 mg once-weekly and 25 mg twice-weekly; OBJECTIVES: The objective of this study was to assess the humanistic impact of ankylosing spondylitis (AS), and compare the effect of etanercept 50 mg once‐weekly (QW), etanercept 25 mg twice‐weekly (BIW) and placebo on patient‐reported outcomes (PROs). METHODS: In a 12‐week, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled multicenter study, 356 patients with active AS received etanercept 50 mg QW, etanercept 25 mg BIW or placebo (3:3:1 randomization, respectively). PROs were assessed using Bath Ankylosing Spondylitis Functional Index, Bath Ankylosing Spondylitis Activity Index fatigue item, EuroQOL‐5D (EQ‐5D) utility, EQ‐5D visual analog scale and the Medical Outcomes Short Form Questionnaire (SF‐36) scores at baseline and at regular intervals. Mean changes from baseline in PROs were analysed using analysis of covariance to assess differences between etanercept and placebo, or between the two etanercept groups. RESULTS: Consistent with earlier reports, AS was associated with quality of life (QOL) impairment and functional limitations, similar to or worse than cancer, congestive heart failure, diabetes or depression. Treatment with etanercept 50 mg QW or 25 mg BIW significantly improved QOL and functional status compared with placebo. High proportions of patients achieved clinically meaningful improvements in all PRO measures, including physical function, fatigue, pain, psychosocial domains and general health status. Improvements were similar with the two etanercept dose regimens. CONCLUSIONS: The more convenient etanercept 50 mg QW dose regimen significantly improves function and QOL in patients with AS, similarly to the standard dosing of 25 mg BIW, supporting its use for AS therapy.
Patient-reported outcomes improve with etanercept plus methotrexate in active early rheumatoid arthritis and the improvement is strongly associated with remission: the COMET trial; OBJECTIVES: To compare the effects of etanercept (ETN) 50 mg once weekly plus methotrexate (MTX) versus MTX alone on patient‐reported outcomes (PROs) and the relationship between remission and PRO improvement. METHODS: In this double‐blind, randomised clinical trial (COMET), PROs included: the Health Assessment Questionnaire (HAQ), EuroQoL health status, fatigue and pain visual analogue scales, Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale, and Medical Outcomes Short‐Form‐36. Mean changes from baseline were analysed by analysis of covariance using the last observation carried forward method. Results from week 52 are presented. RESULTS: Most PROs demonstrated significantly greater improvements with ETN+MTX than MTX alone, including physical functioning, pain, fatigue and overall health status. A significantly greater improvement in HAQ score was observed in the ETN+MTX than the MTX group (‐1.02 vs ‐0.72; p<0.001) and a greater proportion reached the minimal clinically important difference of 0.22 (88% vs 78%; p<0.006). The relationship between PRO score and clinical status indicated that improvement was greatest among patients achieving remission. CONCLUSIONS: Early treatment with ETN+MTX leads to significantly greater improvements in multiple dimensions of PROs than MTX alone. The close relationship between disease activity and PRO improvement suggests that early treatment, with remission as a goal, should maximise the chance of restoring normal functioning and HRQoL.
Patient-reported outcomes and health-care resource utilization in patients with psoriasis treated with etanercept: continuous versus interrupted treatment; OBJECTIVE: The 24‐week Etanercept Assessment of Safety and Effectiveness (EASE) study evaluated the effectiveness and tolerability of continuous versus interrupted etanercept treatment in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. The objective of this analysis was to assess patient‐reported outcomes (PROs) and health‐care resource utilization (HRU) data from the EASE study. METHODS: Patients received open‐label etanercept 50 mg twice weekly for 12 weeks and then received either continued or interrupted (single round of discontinuation and re‐treatment with etanercept) etanercept 50 mg once weekly for the second 12 weeks. PROs included the following: 1) the patient global assessments of psoriasis, joint pain, and itching scores; 2) the Dermatology Life Quality Index; 3) the Medical Outcomes Study Short Form 36 vitality domain; 4) the Beck Depression Inventory; 5) the European Quality‐of‐Life Group Feeling Thermometer; and 6) a patient satisfaction survey. HRU was evaluated using the Economic Implications of Psoriasis patient questionnaire. RESULTS: Continuous treatment with etanercept 50 mg twice weekly for 12 weeks followed by 50 mg once weekly for 12 weeks produced sustained and clinically important improvements in PROs and reductions in HRU. Reductions in some outcome measures after treatment discontinuation at week 12 were observed in the interrupted group; however, most changes did not revert to baseline levels, consistent with some residual clinical effect, and re‐treatment produced improvements similar to week 12 levels. CONCLUSIONS: Continuous etanercept treatment provided greater sustained improvements in PROs than interrupted therapy; however, interrupting etanercept therapy, if needed, has predictable and manageable effects.
Etanercept provides improved quality of life regardless of the presence of psoriatric arthritis in moderate/severe psoriasis subjects from Central and Eastern Europe, Latin America and Asia; Objectives: Some psoriasis patients also have psoriatic arthritis (PsA), which increases disease burden and further reduces quality‐of‐life (QoL). Our objective was to compare QoL of subjects with both psoriasis and PsA to those with psoriasis alone, and to evaluate improvement on etanercept (ETN) therapy in specific countries of Central and Eastern Europe, Latin America, and Asia where data are limited. Methods: Patients with moderate/severe psoriasis were randomized to 50mg ETN QW (once weekly) or 50mg ETN BIW (twice weekly, weeks 1‐12), followed by 50mg QW (weeks 13‐24). The following post‐hoc assessments were included: EuroQoL‐5D (EQ‐5D); Dermatology Quality of Life Index (DLQI); Functional Assessment of Chronic Illness Therapy (FACIT)‐Fatigue; Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS); Medical Outcomes Study (MOS)‐Sleep; and Work Productivity and Activity Impairment (WPAI). Subjects with and without PsA were pooled across ETN groups for comparisons of changes in scores from baseline to week 24, which were based on independent sample t‐tests. Results: Of 171 subjects analysed, 64 (37.4%) had PsA. Baseline demographic characteristics and QoL measures were similar in PsA and psoriasis‐alone groups. EQ‐5D scores improved significantly over time with ETN treatment in both subjects with and without PsA (P< 0.0001) with similar adjusted mean improvement in both groups after 24 weeks (0.2 vs 0.2; P= 0.6202). Improvement in EQ‐5D greater than MID (change = 0.05) at week 24 was observed in a greater proportion of PsA than psoriasis‐alone subjects (74.6% vs 63.8%; P= 0.174). Significant improvements from baseline in both PsA and psoriasis‐alone groups were also observed after 24 weeks in DLQI (both P< 0.0001), FACIT (both P< 0.01) and HADS anxiety (both P< 0.0001) scores. Improvements of other patient‐reported outcomes were also observed at weeks 24 in both disease subgroups. Conclusions: ETN in both dose regimens provided significant improvement in QoL measures in subjects with moderate‐to‐severe psoriasis regardless of the presence of PsA.
Self-management plans in the primary care of patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease; OBJECTIVE AND BACKGROUND: The role of COPD self‐management plans in improving health outcomes remains unclear. The objective of this study was to assess whether self‐management plans administered in primary care have beneficial effects on quality of life, self‐care behaviour and health outcomes in the long term for patients with COPD. MATERIAL, PATIENTS AND METHODS: The study was a prospective, unblinded, randomized controlled trial of usual care vs. usual care plus structured education on the use of a written self‐management plan and patient‐initiated short courses of antibiotics and oral corticosteroids. The study was conducted in general practice, in Christchurch, New Zealand. Participants were 159 patients with COPD randomized by general practice site into control or intervention groups. The primary outcome measure was change in St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire. Secondary variables were frequency of hospital and primary‐care attendance, frequency of use of courses of antibiotics and oral corticosteroids over 12 months, and change in Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale. Self‐management knowledge was assessed using a structured interview, the COPD Self‐Management Interview. RESULTS: Self‐management plans and structured education were associated with higher levels of self‐management knowledge at 12 months, but had no effect on change in St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire, health utilization, mental health or self‐reported outcomes of patients with COPD managed in general practice. CONCLUSIONS: Self‐management knowledge was higher in the intervention group but there was no difference in quality of life or health outcomes due to self‐management plans.
A Screening Strategy for Q Fever Among Pregnant Women; We will conduct a clustered randomized controlled trial among pregnant women within an area of high transmission. The study participants will be recruited by the midwives in high risk areas, defined by postal code from the RIVM. To inform the public in this area about the study we will publish an article in local newspapers. The midwife centers will be randomized to recruit pregnant women for either the control group or the intervention group. The pregnant women will receive study information by mail using the midwives patients file. It is estimated that approximately 10,000 eligible women live in the areas of transmission. After written informed consent, they will start with the strategy for which the midwife center is randomized. Participants will be asked for a blood sample in their second trimester of pregnancy, possibly combined with the routine structural ultrasound around 20 weeks of pregnancy to minimize hospital visit. If participants are enrolled in their third trimester, they will have their blood sampling as soon as possible after inclusion. When taking part in the intervention group the sample will be tested immediately for Q fever. If found positive for acute or chronic Q fever, patients have to be referred, according to local protocol, to a hospital for further pregnancy monitoring and long‐term bacteriostatic treatment. Follow‐up blood samples are required at 14 days, 3, 6 and 12 months after the first blood sampling as part of the standardized control of Q fever disease to diagnose possible chronicity of infection. Furthermore, current routine for pregnant women being treated with antibiotics against Q fever is to perform monthly blood analyses to monitor treatment, and if the serological parameters descend, these controls are brought back to once every two months. According to local protocol patients with Q fever have to deliver in hospital. After pregnancy serology should be continued with check‐ups at 3, 6 and 12 months following the current protocol. Furthermore, after delivery a bacteriocide treatment with doxycycline or an alternative will be started by the specialist as part of regular health care. In the control arm the blood samples will be stored, and analyzed for Q fever after delivery. If tested positive for Q fever after pregnancy antibiotics could be started if needed as part of regular health care. At baseline, a questionnaire will be administered to all participants asking about the current pregnancy , pregnancy outcome of any previous pregnancies and demographics. Further risk factors for pregnancy outcome will also be obtained such as smoking and drinking behavior, risk‐elevating comorbidities and medication use. After delivery all relevant outcome data will be collected by questionnaires filled out by the midwife, GP or specialist after delivery, notably the presence of obstetric complications. One month after delivery or end of pregnancy, a last questionnaire will be administered to the participant to verify potential long‐term consequences of Q fever, potential loss of income, health‐related quality‐of‐life, fatigue and depressive symptoms. Furthermore questions will be asked about the condition of the newborn and risk‐accessing questions for Q fever infection will be asked. In the context of the secondary research questions an extra blood sample will be required, and placentas as well as amniotic fluid will be collected after delivery. The latter will only take place in a limited number of women and only if they gave birth in a hospital. All participants will receive usual care and will be asked to visit the general practitioner if symptoms of Q fever occur. He/she will start diagnostic research and treatment or will refer the patient to the hospital. Furthermore, both arms have access to an expert team for support.
Quality of life and psychological symptoms in patients with severe acne in treatment with isotretinoin; Background: Isotretinoin is a drug prescribed for the management of severe acne. Its adverse effects include psychological symptoms as anxiety and depression, which may or may not affect quality of life. Objective: To determine the relationship between the consumption of isotretinoin and depression, anxiety or quality of life abnormalities, compared with the conventional treatment. Patients and method: We performed an open label, prospective and comparative study that included 30 patients. Subjects were divided into two groups (15 patients each one). On the first group (group A), isotretinoin was administered at 1 mg/kg during 4 months. In the second group (group B), minocycline 1.5 mg/kg daily plus benzoil peroxide were administered. We applied quality life questionnaires, depression and anxiety related and an evaluation for the severity of acne at the basal point, in the 2 and 4 months of treatment. Results: We did not observe differences in the presence of psychological symptoms and in quality of life abnormalities between the two treatments at four months. Severity of acne was modified equally in both treatments. Isotretinoin did not behave as a risk factor for severe depression or suicidal ideation. Conclusion: Isotretinoin is not a risk factor for psychological symptoms or quality of life abnormalities, although more double blinded studies about it are required.
Comparison between of acupuncture and epidural anesthesia in appendectomy; It was a clinic comparative observation of the effects between acupuncture and epidural anesthesia in appendectomy. Eighty patients with appendicitis were randomly divided into two groups, each of 40 Patients. The results were no significant difference between two groups in successful rate. It is convinced that acupuncture on Zusanli points (ST36) has analgesia. There were less respiratory depression, hypotension, cardiac arrhythmia and less amount of liquid infusion needed than that of the epidural block during operation. Furthermore, in the group of acupuncture anesthesia, the intestinal gas excreted earlier, the analgetics and antibiotics administered were less and the rate of the wound infection were reduced after operation. These postoperative effects were significantly better than the controls. As it is of clear‐cut effects of anesthesia by acupuncture with main points Zusanli and auxiliary points Hegu (LI4) and less interfered life sign in the operation, thus it is desirable to use acupuncture anesthesia in appendectomy.
Potentiation of the effect of non-depolarizing muscle relaxants by acylaminopenicillins. Studies on the example of vecuronium; In a prospective controlled clinical study interactions between nondepolarizing muscle relaxants and acylaminopenicillins were investigated electromyographically. Six patients in each group received either apalcillin, azlocillin, mezlocillin or piperacillin during the operation. Muscle relaxation was maintained using the short acting nondepolarizing relaxant vecuronium, which shows no cumulative effect within clinical dosages. The intra‐individual comparison with the control period (100%) showed a significant prolongation of the duration of action after a fixed dose of vecuronium. The mean increase was +26% following apalcillin, +46% after piperacillin, +38% following mezlocillin and +55% following azlocillin. The shortest time of the control periods was 8.6 min and the maximum time was 32.6 min. We also found a significant depression of the EMG‐response. No significant differences could be detected between the four antibiotics. The method described here has proven to be sensitive enough to detect clinically relevant interactions with muscle relaxants. As a result of our study, caution seems to be necessary if acylaminopenicillins are administered in the early postoperative period.
No evidence for an anti-inflammatory effect of escitalopram intervention in healthy individuals with a family history of depression; Inflammation may contribute to the pathogenesis of depression and antidepressants are hypothesised to have an anti‐inflammatory effect. In this randomised double‐blinded trial we investigated the cytokine levels in supernatants of stimulated whole blood samples from first degree relatives to patients with depression randomised to a single daily dose of either 10mg escitalopram or placebo for four weeks. No significant differences were found in any of the cytokine levels between the participants treated with escitalopram (n=21) or placebo (n=23). Our data does thus not support the hypothesis of a global anti‐inflammatory effect of escitalopram on cytokines in healthy subjects.
A study of the acute cognitive and neurocognitive effects of Panax Quinquefolius (American Ginseng) in middle aged volunteers; INTERVENTION: Single dose of 200mg Panax Quinquefolius ( 11.65% saponin content; Rb1 (5.68%), Re (2.05%), Rc (1.86%), Rd (1.47%), Rb2 (.029%), Rg1 (.027%)) administered orally (capsule form). Participants have a 1 week wash‐out between the active treatment and placebo. CONDITION: Cognitive Function Glucoregulatory Function PRIMARY OUTCOME: Cognitive functioning ‐ measured using Cognitive Drug Research (CDR) battery and the Cognitive Demand Battery (CDB). Speed of information processing ‐ measured by Steady State Topography (SST) latency. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Mood measured using Bond‐Lader Visual Analogue Scales, the State‐Trait Anxiety Inventory (STAI) and the Profile of Mood States (POMS) INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Healthy non‐smoking males and females aged between 40 and 60 years. 2. No history of anxiety, depression, psychiatric disorders confirmed using Depression Anxiety Stress Scale) or epilepsy 3. No history of / do not currently suffer from heart disease or high blood pressure or diabetes 4. Not taking any medication, herbal extracts, vitamin supplements or illicit drugs for 4 weeks prior to (and duration of) study 5. Not taking any form of medication within 5 days of admission (except for prophylactic antibiotics, or other routine medications to treat benign conditions, such as antibiotics to treat acne) and agree not to take any medication throughout the study 6. No health conditions that would affect food metabolism including the following: food allergies, kidney disease, liver disease and/or gastrointestinal diseases (e.g. Irritable bowel syndrome, coeliac disease, peptic ulcers) 7. Absence of pregnancy (confirmed using a pregnancy test
The effects of a nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drug (ketoprofen) on morphine respiratory depression: a double-blind, randomized study in volunteers; Nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) decrease the postoperative requirements for opioid analgesic medication. To determine whether NSAIDs potentiate the respiratory effects of opioids, we studied the effects of ketoprofen (K), an NSAID, on respiratory depression induced by morphine (M) in volunteers. After ethics committee approval, 12 healthy male volunteers received infusions of K (1.5 mg/kg), M (0.1 mg/ kg), and KM (1.5 mg/kg + 0.1 mg/kg) in a double‐blind, randomized, three‐treatment, three‐period cross‐over trial. During the three sessions, CO2 rebreathing challenges for ventilatory and occlusion pressure responses to CO2 were performed immediately before and 10, 70, 130, 190, and 250 min after drug infusion over 10 min. Venous blood samples for plasma drug concentrations were withdrawn at the same times. Comparisons were made on slopes of ventilatory and occlusion pressure responses to CO2. Venous blood samples confirmed that morphine plasma concentrations were similar when subjects had received morphine alone and when they had received the combination of drugs. Morphine alone induced a respiratory depression with a decrease in both ventilatory and occlusion pressure responses to CO2. Ketoprofen alone did not produce any respiratory effects. The combination of drugs induced a decrease in ventilatory responses to CO2, but intergroup comparisons showed that this was significantly less marked than the decrease induced by morphine alone. In conclusion, for similar morphine plasma concentrations, respiratory depression was less marked with the combination of drugs than with morphine alone. Therefore, ketoprofen may reduce the respiratory depression induced by morphine.
Leukocyte numbers and function in subjects eating n-3 enriched foods: selective depression of natural killer cell levels; INTRODUCTION: While consumption of omega‐3 long‐chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (n‐3 LCPUFA) has been recommended for those at risk of inflammatory disease such as rheumatoid arthritis, the mechanism of their anti‐inflammatory effect remains to be clearly defined, particularly in relation to the dose and type of n‐3 LCPUFA. The objective of this study was to determine whether varying the levels of n‐3 LCPUFA in erythrocyte membrane lipids, following dietary supplementation, is associated with altered numbers and function of circulating leukocytes conducive to protection against inflammation. METHODS: In a double‐blind and placebo‐controlled study, 44 healthy subjects aged 23 to 63 years consumed either standard or n‐3 LCPUFA‐enriched versions of typical processed foods, the latter allowing a target daily consumption of 1 gram n‐3 LCPUFA. After six months, peripheral blood leukocyte and subpopulation proportions and numbers were assessed by flow cytometry. Leukocytes were also examined for lymphoproliferation and cytokine production, neutrophil chemotaxis, chemokinesis, bactericidal, adherence and iodination activity. Erythrocytes were analyzed for fatty‐acid content. RESULTS: Erythrocyte n‐3 LCPUFA levels were higher and absolute leukocyte and lymphocyte numbers were lower in subjects consuming n‐3 enriched foods than in controls. There were no changes in the number of neutrophils, monocytes, T cells (CD3+), T‐cell subsets (CD4+, CD8+) and B cells (CD19+). However, natural killer (NK) (CD3‐CD16+CD56+) cell numbers were lower in n‐3 supplemented subjects than in controls and were inversely related to the amount of eicosapentaenoic acid or docosahexaenoic acid in erythrocytes. No significant correlations were found with respect to lymphocyte lymphoproliferation and production of IFN‐gamma and IL‐2, but lymphotoxin production was higher with greater n‐3 LCPUFA membrane content. Similarly, neutrophil chemotaxis, chemokinesis, bactericidal activity and adherence did not vary with changes in erythrocyte n‐3 LCPUFA levels, but the iodination reaction was reduced with higher n‐3 LCPUFA content. CONCLUSION: The data show that regular long‐term consumption of n‐3 enriched foods leads to lower numbers of NK cells and neutrophil iodination activity but higher lymphotoxin production by lymphocytes. These changes are consistent with decreased inflammatory reaction and tissue damage seen in patients with inflammatory disorders receiving n‐3 LCPUFA supplementation.
Infliximab improves quality of life in patients with Crohn's disease; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to assess the effect of infliximab on quality of life in patients with active Crohn's disease (CD) inadequately responsive to concomitant therapies. METHODS: We examined responses to the Inflammatory Bowel Disease Questionnaire (IBDQ) from patients enrolled in a previously reported, randomized, placebo‐controlled study. Patients with active CD received a single intravenous infusion of either placebo or infliximab 5, 10, or 20 mg/kg. Most patients received stable doses of mesalamine, corticosteroids, azathioprine, or 6‐mercaptopurine throughout the study. Changes from baseline in overall IBDQ score and individual dimensions at 4 weeks postinfusion were compared. RESULTS: Patients treated with infliximab had a significantly larger improvement in overall IBDQ score than those treated with placebo at 4 weeks (p < 0.001). Infliximab‐treated patients also had larger improvements in all IBDQ dimensions: bowel (p = 0.007), social (p = 0.002), emotional (p < 0.001), and systemic (p < 0.001). A significantly larger proportion of infliximab‐treated patients reported having normal or near‐normal frequency of bowel movements in the past week (p < 0.001), full or a lot of energy (p = 0.019), and no or hardly any difficulty doing leisure or sports activities (p = 0.011), and being extremely or very satisfied with their personal life (p = 0.046). They also significantly differed in responses regarding fatigue, frustration, ability to work, general well‐being, depression, anxiety, and anger resulting from bowel problems. CONCLUSIONS: These results indicate that infliximab significantly improved quality of life in patients with active CD, increasing their ability to work and participate in leisure activities, and decreasing feelings of fatigue, depression, and anger.
ATP-binding cassette sub-family F member 1 (ABCF1) is identified as a putative therapeutic target of escitalopram in the inflammatory cytokine pathway; The inflammatory cytokine pathway may be a potential therapeutic target for major depressive disorder (MDD). Previous reports suggest that antidepressants have anti‐inflammatory properties and can cause a reduction in proinflammatory cytokines. Recent evidence suggests this might be mediated at the level of the transcriptome. The current study investigated the transcription of 86 genes in the inflammatory cytokine pathway both at baseline and after eight weeks of escitalopram treatment in MDD patients who were either clinical responders (n=25) or non‐responders (n=21), using a subset of samples in the Genome‐Based Therapeutic Drugs for Depression project (GENDEP). Changes in expression between baseline and eight weeks of treatment were assessed using two‐tailed t‐tests. To establish if any significant expression changes related to clinical response, the magnitude of the relative expression change between baseline and eight weeks of treatment was established and binary logistic regressions were used to compare differences between responders and non‐responders. ATP‐binding cassette sub‐family F member 1 (ABCF1), a translational regulator of the inflammatory cytokine pathway showed a significant increase in expression after escitalopram treatment which was significantly greater in responders compared to non‐responders, suggesting that ABCF1 may play a role in mediating antidepressant response. © 2013 The Author(s).
SAFETY AND EFFICACY OF CIMICOXIB, A SELECTIVE COX-2 INHIBITOR, IN COMBINATION WITH SERTRALINE COMPARED TO SERTRALINE COMBINED WITH PLACEBO IN TREATMENT OF MAJOR DEPRESSION - SECIM; INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Sertralin Pharmaceutical Form: Film‐coated tablet INN or Proposed INN: Sertralin CAS Number: 79559‐97‐0 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ Product Name: Cimicoxib Product Code: Cimicoxib Pharmaceutical Form: Tablet INN or Proposed INN: Cimicoxib CAS Number: 265114‐23‐6 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Tablet Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use CONDITION: major depression ; MedDRA version: 9.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10057840 Term: Major depression PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: The primary objective of this study is to evaluate the mean change on the total score of the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HamD‐17) items from baseline to endpoint (Week 6).; The main objective of this study is to evaluate whether patients treated with sertraline and cimicoxib have a higher mean HamD‐17 change than patients treated with sertraline and placebo. Primary end point(s): Efficacy will be assessed according to guideline CPMP/EWP/518/97 Rev 1 (Note for guidance on clinical investigation of medicinal products in treatment of depression) using the HamD‐17 rating scale for depression. The investigators will be trained in the use of these rating scales. ; ; Determination of the response rate (i.e. proportion of patients with > 50% improvement of HamD 17), are also consistent with the requirements of the CPMP guideline.; ; The safety assessments include standard parameters (adverse events, clinical laboratory tests, 12‐lead ECGs and vital signs) as well as additional cardiovascular safety assessment (at screening) in view of the known class effects of COX‐2 inhibitors and the finding in non‐clinical studies with cimicoxib. Therefore patients with coronary heart disease (CHD) or any other heart disease will be excluded from the study.; Secondary Objective: • Changes from baseline to interim weekly visits (week 1 to 5) in HamD‐17 score; • Clinical Global Impression (CGI) score; • Montgomery Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) score; • Response rate, remission rate and drop out rate. Response will be defined as a decrease from baseline in total HamD‐17 score of at least 50%. Remission will be defined as a total HamD‐17 score of less than 7; • Onset of action, i.e. percentage of patients with a reduction from baseline in HamD‐17 score of at least 20% within 2 weeks; • Use of concomitant benzodiazepines ; • Sertralin dose increase after 3 weeks; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Major depression diagnosed by psychiatrist 2. DSM IV TR: 296.2x single depressive episode or 296.3x recurrent depressive episode 3. HamD‐17 score = 22 4. Informed consent 5. Age between 18 and 60 years Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) no F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range
Long-term efficacy and safety of celecoxib in Alzheimer's disease; BACKGROUND/AIMS: Cyclooxygenase‐2 (COX‐2) may play an important role in the neuropathology of Alzheimer's disease (AD). The efficacy and safety of celecoxib (200 mg bid), a COX‐2 selective inhibitor, were assessed in patients > or =50 years with established mild‐to‐moderate AD to determine whether treatment was effective in retarding deterioration of cognitive function. METHODS: This was a 52‐week, multicenter, randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, parallel‐group study. The primary efficacy end points were the change from baseline to week 52 in the Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale‐Cognitive Behavior (ADAS‐cog) composite score and the week 52 Clinician's Interview‐Based Impression of Change Plus (CIBIC+). RESULTS: At 52 weeks, change in ADAS‐cog scores from baseline was similar for placebo and celecoxib 200 mg bid groups (5.00 and 4.39, respectively). CIBIC+ scores were also similar (4.83 and 4.92). Two extension studies were conducted but were terminated early based on these efficacy results. Safety data from all 3 studies indicated that celecoxib was generally well‐tolerated. CONCLUSION: Celecoxib 200 mg bid did not slow the progression of AD in this study, and the occurrence of adverse events was as expected for an elderly population with a complex chronic medical condition.
Celecoxib reduces narcotic use and pain following augmentation mammaplasty; Background: Narcotics have traditionally been used to control pain after augmentation mammaplasty, but they have adverse side effects, including addiction potential, clouded sensorium, nausea, and respiratory depression. Alternative strategies for managing postoperative pain are expensive, cumbersome, and also have their own risks. While long‐term use of celecoxib has been associated with an increased risk of serious adverse cardiovascular effects, no problems have been reported with short‐term use. Objective: The purpose of this study was to determine whether the addition of celecoxib, a selective nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory, to an analgesic regimen reduced narcotic use and pain following augmentation mammaplasty. Methods: One hundred patients underwent submuscular augmentation mammaplasty with smooth saline‐filled mammary prostheses using an intravenous sedation technique. Group A (N = 50) used hydrocodone to manage postoperative pain. Group B (N = 50) used celecoxib 400 mg 1 to 2 hours before surgery and then daily in addition to hydrocodone postoperatively. Narcotic use, incidence of nausea, and complications were recorded. Pain was assessed daily with a Likert pain scale from 0 (no pain) to 10 (severe pain). Results: Group A used 110 ± 34 mg hydrocodone during the immediate 7‐day postoperative period and reported an average pain scale score of 5.1. Group B, which used celecoxib, used 34 ± 22 mg hydrocodone during the same period with an average pain scale score of 3.3. These differences were statistically significant (P < .05). Group B experienced 53% less nausea than Group A. There were no significant differences between the groups regarding age, implant size, or complications. Conclusions: Perioperative celecoxib administration in patients undergoing augmentation mammaplasty significantly reduced postoperative narcotic use, pain, and nausea. Its use should facilitate the patient's ability to resume everyday activities following surgery. Copyright © 2006 by The American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery, Inc.
Action Plan to enhance self-management and early detection of exacerbations in patients with COPD; a Randomized Controlled Trial; INTERVENTION: Patients in the intervention group receive and are taught how to use a written and individualized Action Plan (AP) as an addition to care as usual. This AP provides patients, a invidualized and colour‐ coded overview of their stable and deteriorated respiratory related symptoms/signs. In addition, the AP provides individualized treatment prescriptions (both pharmaceutical and non‐pharmaceutical) related to the the colour coded symptom status. The AP is made of double printed A3 size paper, which is folded as a brochure, but can also be attached as a poster. The patient is instructed to bring the AP to every visit to the GP, RP, RN, physiotherapist and dietician. In these visits, the AP can be changed or made complete by one of these healthcare providers. CONDITION: ; Chronic Bronchitis ; Chronic lung disease; COPD ; Emphysema 10006436 PRIMARY OUTCOME: ‐ (Clinical COPD Questionnaire) CCQ Symptom recovery time in the event of an ; exacerbation; number of 3 day CCQ units ; for the CCQ symptom score to have recovered from the exacerbation onset to ; the pre‐exacerbation 3 unit average. ; SECONDARY OUTCOME: ‐ Treatmet delay (Number of days between exacerbation onset and initiation of ; treatment; course of antibiotics and/or ; prednison) ; ‐ Contact delay (Number of days between exacerbation onset and contacting a ; health care provider ; ‐ Health related quality of life I (St.George Respiratory Questionnaire) ; ‐ Health related quality of life II (number of unfavourable days in 6 months ; that the Clinical COPD Questionnaire (CCQ) ; score is >= the individual mean minus 1 standard deviation) ; ‐ Anxiety (Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale) ; ‐ Depression (Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale) ; ‐ Symptoms (Medical Research Counsil scale for dyspnea) ; ‐ Self‐efficacy ( exacerbation‐related self‐efficacy using a self‐developped ; 9‐item questionnaire with a 5 point‐likert scale. ; ‐ Healthcare utilization: ; ; * time to first respiratory related hospital admissions; number of days between ; inclusion and first hospital admission ; * number of respiratory related hospital admissions ; * proportion of patients having >= 1 respiratory related hospital admission ; * number of respiratory related hospital days ; * number of respiratory related emergency room visits (incl. ambulance calls) ; * number of respiratory related scheduled visits to GP, RN and RP. ; * number of respiratory related unscheduled visits to GP, RN and RP. ; * number of telephone calls to GP, RN and RP. ; * number of courses of oral steroids and/or antibiotics ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐ Diagnosis of COPD based on post‐bronchodilatator FEV1 according to the GOLD standards (=NHG standard). ‐ Diagnosis of COPD as the major functionally limiting disease. ‐ Current use of bronchodilator therapy.
Crohn's disease, fatigue, and infliximab: is there a role for cytokines in the pathogenesis of fatigue?; AIM: To study the effect of infliximab on fatigue in relation to cytokine levels in Crohn's disease (CD) patients. METHODS: Fourteen CD patients were blinded for treatment and received placebo at baseline, and infliximab 2 wk later, with a follow‐up of 4 wk. Blood samples were drawn on a regular basis, and questionnaires on fatigue, depression, quality of life, and clinical disease activity were completed at regular intervals. RESULTS: After placebo infusion, fatigue scores decreased within 3 d (3.5 points +/‐ 1.1, P <or= 0.01), but returned to baseline values 14 d after this infusion. The drop of fatigue scores following infliximab infusion sustained until the end of the study (3.8 points +/‐ 1.4, P <or= 0.05). Quality of life was increased at the end of the study compared to baseline values (138.6 +/‐ 9.4 vs 179.4 +/‐ 6.7; P <or= 0.005), whereas depression scores were decreased (20.4 +/‐ 9.4 vs 11.3 +/‐ 2.2; P <or= 0.01). No correlation between the severity of fatigue and the level of cytokines was observed. CONCLUSION: The reduction of fatigue after infliximab infusion is subjective to a placebo effect. The effect of infliximab on fatigue, however, persists while the placebo effect disappears after a short period of time. A clear role of cytokines could not be substantiated.
Sertraline decreases serum level of interleukin-6 (IL-6) in hemodialysis patients with depression: results of a randomized double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial; BACKGROUND: This study was designed to assess the effect of sertraline on serum concentrations of interleukin‐6 (IL‐6), tumor necrosis factor‐alpha (TNF‐α), IL‐10 and high‐sensitivity C‐reactive protein (hs‐CRP) of depressed hemodialysis (HD) patients. METHODS: During a randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trial, fifty depressed HD patients were allocated to receive sertraline or placebo for 12 weeks. Patients' depression was assessed using Beck Depression Inventory‐second edition (BDI‐II). Biochemical parameters (hemoglobin, serum albumin, iron stores, etc.) and serum IL‐6, IL‐10, TNF‐α, and hs‐CRP levels were measured at baseline and at weeks 6 and 12 of the study. RESULTS: Sertraline significantly improved depression symptoms in 47.5% of the patients. Compared with placebo, serum levels of IL‐6 significantly decreased (P<0.01) in the sertraline group at week 12 of the study. Although serum level of TNF‐α decreased and serum level of IL‐10 increased in sertraline group at week 12 versus initiation of the study, no significant differences were found between sertraline and placebo groups. Serum hs‐CRP did not display differences neither for inter‐ nor intra‐group comparisons. Hemoglobin and serum albumin concentrations were significantly lower at week 12 in the placebo versus sertraline group (P=0.012 and P=0.006, respectively). No significant differences were observed in the inflammatory mediators between responders and non‐responders to sertraline. CONCLUSIONS: Compared with placebo, sertraline significantly decreased serum level of IL‐6. The anti‐inflammatory effect of sertraline was independent to its efficacy for depression treatment. Sertraline could be a promising strategy to reduce the systemic inflammation and to treat depression in HD patients.
COPD, Inflammation and Rehabilitation; Patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, also known as COPD or emphysema, is like any other with a chronic illness not only affected by the physical discomfort the illness gives. For COPD patients that is: accelerated loss of lung function, conditioning and increased mortality: 25% of patients hospitalized with COPD exacerbation die 12 months later. Patients are also characterized by various psychological factors such as reduced quality of life, depression, etc. Therefore, everywhere in the country newly diagnosed COPD patients are offered rehabilitation in Region Zealand which consists of 10 weeks of classes 2 hours, 2 times a week with physical exercise, smoking cessation, medication, nutrition education and psychosocial support and patient education based on the National Health Service and international recommendations. In the literature, the effect of rehabilitation on quality of life was measured using a questionnaire (St. George Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ)), and the increase in function has been measured using a walk test, but there are no studies which look at the effect on inflammation lungs. It is important for COPD patients is to prevent exacerbations of the disease, which sometimes requires hospitalization and sometimes treated by their own doctor. It has been proven that inflammation in the lungs is associated with disease severity and exacerbation frequency, and therefore we would like to investigate whether both rehabilitation, close monitoring of patients with time in the pulmonary clinic every 3 months, and instruction in self‐administration of medication (antibiotics and corticosteroids) have an effect on especially inflammation in the lungs, number of exacerbations, mortality, lung function and walking capacity.
The effect of BM 12.531 (azimexon) on natural killer cell activity in myeloma patients; The 2‐cyanaziridin derivative, azimexon (E), has previously been shown to have certain immunomodulatory properties. In particular, the induction of leukocytosis, the stimulation of delayed‐type hypersensitivity reactions and the synergistic effect of azimexon and antibiotics in the control of lethal bacterial and fungal infections in mice prompted us to test azimexon as an adjuvant to chemotherapy in 14 myeloma patients. In a randomized double‐blind cross‐over study 3 X 600 mg of azimexon were added to one of two consecutive, identical chemotherapy courses consisting of melphalan/prednisone (MP) or vincristine/cyclophosphamide/melphalan/prednisone (VCMP). Chemotherapy was given during days 1‐4 and azimexon or placebo were added on days 6, 10 and 14. Blood counts and natural killer (NK) cell testing were performed on days 0 and 21 of each course. With the exception of a transient taste irritation in two patients, azimexon caused no subjective side‐effects. White blood cell counts were not altered by the drug; red blood cells and hemoglobin showed a borderline depression after azimexon. NK activities measured against three target cell lines (K562, IGR3, L1210) tended to increase after azimexon treatment. When added in vitro to NK assays azimexon caused a slight increase of NK activity at concentrations of 0.01‐0.25 mu/ml, whereas concentrations above 1 microgram/ml were inhibitory. The increase of NK activity by azimexon was not due to the induction of interferon in the effector lymphocyte population.
A comparative study on the efficacy of mustakadi avaleha and gojihwadi avaleha in the management of pratishyaya w.S.R. To recurrent upper respiratory tract infections in children; Pratishyaya is a complex disease involving several symptomatologies and diverse pathogenesis. It is well known for its recurrence and chronicity. Recurrence of the disease occurs because the Doshas reside in their latent stage (predisposing stage) & give rise to the same disease when aggravating factors are favourable. The specific features of a child like Dosha Dushya Malalpata, Saukumaryata, Aparipakwa Dhatu, Asampurna Bala etc. lower the immune status of the child & makes him/her more susceptible for repeated infections like Pratishyaya. Recurrent Upper Respiratory Tract Infections (RURTI) are can be corelated with Pratishyaya. URTIs include colds and influenza‐like illnesses having significant impact on the health and academic performance of students.The textbook of modern medicine clearly states that there is no proper standardized treatment for URTIs & has lots of limitations. Injudiciously use of antibiotics & steroid to infants and young children leads to depression of immune system. Therefore, patients are continuously looking with a hope towards Ayurveda to overcome this challenge. In the present study, total 40 patients were registered and randomly divided into two groups. In group A, Mustakadi Avaleha & in group B, Gojihwadi Avaleha was given for 6 weeks.The Nidana, signs & symptoms were observed carefully to get idea about the Samprapti of the disease. The effects of therapy in both groups were assessed by a specially prepared proforma. The result obtained showed striking similarity. In both the groups, an apparent difference in all the sign & symptoms was observed. In Mustakadi Avaleha and Gojihwadi Avaleha group maximum number of patients i.e. 53.33% and 46.67% of patients respectively showed marked improvement.
The hematologic effects of latamoxef sodium when used as a prophylaxis during surgical treatment; Latamoxef sodium, a third generation cephalosporin antibiotic, has been shown to provide good prophylaxis against postoperative infection. It has, however, been implicated as causing disturbances of hemostasis particularly when used in treatment. We have studied 40 patients who required antibiotic prophylaxis prior to surgical treatment randomizing and stratifying them according to age and type of operation, to receive either latamoxef or piperacillin. Five hematologic parameters were studied, prothrombin time, activated partial thromboplastin time, plasma factor II concentration, plasma factor VII concentration and platelet count. Minor differences were noted with latamoxef producing mild persistant elevation of prothrombin time (0.7 second) associated with depression of factor II and factor VII. In our study, we found that, when used as three dose, single agent prophylaxis, there was no difference between latamoxef and piperacillin in producing clinical disturbances of hemostasis. However, attention is drawn to the importance of recognizing that hemostatic disturbances can occur after the use of broad spectrum antibiotics as prophylaxis for surgical treatment Mechanisms of hemostatic disorders are reviewed and alternative hypotheses are suggested.
Effectiveness of prophylactic antibiotic intervention (fosfomycin trometamol) to prevent urinary tract infections due to urodynamic studies in women with urine incontinence or prolapsed: a randomized controlled trial - USA (Urodynamic Studies Antibioprophylaxy); INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Monuril Product Name: fosfomycine trometamol Pharmaceutical Form: Granules for oral suspension INN or Proposed INN: FOSFOMYCIN TROMETAMOL CAS Number: 78964‐85‐9 Concentration unit: % (W/W) percent weight/weight Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 100‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Granules for oral solution Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use CONDITION: The aim of the study is to assess the prophylactic use of antibiotics on urinary tract infection after urodynamic studies in women with incontinence or prolapse PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: The present study, a prospective randomized trial addresses the following question: What is the efficacy of a double 3 g dose of oral fosfomycin (Monuril) administered 2 hours before and after urodynamic investigations (UDS) and compared to placebo in order to prevent de novo urinary tract infection?; ; By answering that question, it will be possible to know whether it is useful to administer prophylactic antibiotics when performing UDS and if 2x 3g of fosfomycin is effective against most of the bacteria that are encountered. ; Primary end point(s): 1. the presence of significant bacteriuria defined by more than 10,000 bacteria per millilitre of clean catch urine on culture obtained on day 3 after the UDS.; 2. Caracterisation of the bacteria strains about their resistance to the standard antibiotic screening in the CHR microbiology Laboratory; Secondary Objective: none INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. women aged 18‐ 80 years 2. attending the urodynamic outpatient clinic of the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology at CHR La Citadelle, Liège for urodynamic investigations 3. without symptoms of urogenital infection at the time of UDS attested by a positive result at stick test of urinary sample 4. intellectually and/or linguistically able to understand the study 5. not suffering from mental disabilities (except depression and anxiety) 6. resident within the surroundings of Liege. 7. willing to give their written consent Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range
Randomized clinical trial investigating effects of a multi-nutrient combination on mood, stress, sleep and cognition in healthy young adults; INTERVENTION: Swisse Women's Ultivite Multi‐Vitamin Mineral & Anti‐Oxidant with Herbs Formula 1 Dietary Supplement (ARTG Entry 134520) is taken by 40 women, and placebo is taken by 40 women. Swisse Men's Ultivite Multi‐Vitamin Mineral & Anti‐Oxidant with Herbs Formula 1 Dietary Supplement (ARTG Entry 134521) is taken by 40 men, and placebo is taken by 40 men. There are hence four treatment groups in total. For all treatment groups 1xTablet is taken daily over a 4 month (16 week) period. A subset of participants (20 females receiving placebo and 20 females receiving Ultivite, as well as 20 males receiving placebo and 20 males receiving Ultivite) will be given mobile phones for weekly cognitive and mood testing from home. Another subset of participants (20 females receiving placebo and 20 females receiving Ultivite, as well as 20 males receiving placebo and 20 males receiving Ultivite) will have EEG/SST brainwave recording at each of the study visits baseline, 2 months and 4 months. CONDITION: Cerebral Blood Flow Cognitive Function Oxidative Stress Sleep quality Stress PRIMARY OUTCOME: General Health Questionnaire (GHQ) SECONDARY OUTCOME: Blood measures: ; Homocysteine, Cytokines, C‐Reactive Protein, Brain Derived Neurotrophic Factor (BDNF), Telomere Length, Total Triglycerides, High‐density Lipoprotein (HDL), Low‐Density Lipoprotein (LDL). Cerebral Blood flow (using transcranial doppler ultrasound) and Artierial Stiffness (using Sphygmocor) Cognitive Tests on Mobile Phones Mood/Stress questionnaires: ; Profile of Mood States (POMS) ; Bond‐Lader Visual Analogue Scales ‐ subjective measure of mood and alertness ; Visual Analogue scales for Stress, Concentration, Fatigue (Mental/Physical) and Anxiety ; State Anxiety (STAI) ; Occupational Stress Inventory (OSI) ; Chalder Fatigue Scale Other cognitive tasks: ; Swinburne University Cognitive Ageing Battery (SUCCAB) ; Purple Multitasking Framework ; Arrow Flankers Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index Saliva Cortisol ‐ measure of chronic stress Steady State Probe Topography (SST) brainwave recording. INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Healthy non‐smoking males and females aged between 25 and 45 years. 2. Currently in at least part‐time employment and/or a student in higher education or TAFE. 3. No history of anxiety, depression, psychiatric disorders or epilepsy 4. No history of / do not currently suffer from heart disease or high blood pressure or diabetes. 5. Not taking any medication, herbal extracts, vitamin supplements or illicit drugs which might reasonably be expected to interfere with cognition or mood for 4 weeks prior to (and duration of) study. 6. Not taking any form of medication within 5 days of admission (except for prophylactic antibiotics, or other routine medications to treat benign conditions, such as antibiotics to treat acne) and agree not to take any medication throughout the study 7. No health conditions that would affect food metabolism including the following: food allergies, kidney disease, liver disease and/or gas
Pathways to Lung Health: a comprehensive Self-Management Programme for Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease in the community; INTERVENTION: Patient participants recruited in practices in the active arm will have an individual management plan developed by the research team in consultation with their general practitioner. Community and practice nurses, trained in a model of behaviour change based on motivational interviewing to improve self‐efficacy, will work in partnership with participants to achieve behavioural change through a cycle of goal setting and action planning during regular telephone contacts over 12 months. Goals will focus on health behaviours identified in the management plan to support patients to develop capacity to self‐manage their chronic illness. CONDITION: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease PRIMARY OUTCOME: Medical Outcomes Study SF‐36 v2 quality of life (generic health related) St George's Respiratory Questionnaire quality of life (respiratory related) SECONDARY OUTCOME: Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression Scale Client Satisfaction Questionnaire (mentoring process) Fidelity of delivery of intervention assessed from sample of recorded mentoring phone calls Health care utilization measured by general practitioner routine and urgent attendances, public hospital admissions and emergency visits for Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease Hospital Anxiety and Depression scale Lung function measured by spirometry (FEV1, FVC, FEF 25‐75%) PTSD Checklist‐Civilian Version (PCL‐C) anxiety measure Partners in Health Scale Physical activity (steps/day) measured with accelerometer Prescriptions for oral steroids and antibiotics for exacerbations of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease recorded in general practitioner records Qualitative assessment of health‐mentoring using semi‐structured interviews with representative sample of 35‐45 participants in intervention arm Satisfaction With Life Survey Self‐efficacy for managing chronic disease (SE MCD) 6‐item questionnaire INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease FEV1/FVC < 0.7 post‐bronchodilator 2. Severity FEV1 30‐80% predicted 3. > 10 pack year smoking history
Acetaminophen (Tylenol) for Mood and Memory Changes Associated With Corticosteroid Therapy; SCIENTIFIC PROPOSAL Aims Primary 1. Determine if patients receiving prescription corticosteroid therapy who are given acetaminophen have smaller declines in declarative memory than those receiving placebo. 2. Determine if patients receiving prescription corticosteroid therapy who are given acetaminophen have smaller increases in manic/hypomanic symptoms than those receiving placebo. Secondary 1. Determine if patients receiving prescription corticosteroid therapy who are given acetaminophen have smaller declines in cognitive domains other than declarative memory such as working memory and executive functioning than those receiving placebo. 2. Determine if patients receiving prescription corticosteroid therapy who are given acetaminophen have smaller increases in depressive symptoms than those receiving placebo. Background/Significance Impact of stress or corticosteroids on the hippocampus: Studies in animals suggest that stress‐induced elevations in endogenous corticosteroids or the administration of exogenous corticosteroids are associated with cognitive deficits and changes in hippocampal structure which can (after extended exposure) include irreversible neuronal loss (Brown et al. 1999, 2004a; McEwen 1997, 2000). These findings have important implications as common psychiatric illnesses including major depressive and bipolar disorders are frequently associated with acute or chronic elevations in cortisol (Brown et al. 1999). In addition, each year approximately 10 million Americans are given prescription corticosteroids, such as prednisone or dexamethasone, for illnesses such as asthma, allergies, arthritis, and dermatological conditions (Brown et al. 1999). The hippocampus is important as it mediates important cognitive processes and provides negative feedback to the hypothalamic‐pituitary‐adrenal (HPA) axis (Jacobson & Sapolsky 1991). Thus, hippocampal impairment could result in both memory loss and potentially even greater cortisol levels due to loss of normal negative feedback. This concept of hippocampal dysfunction leading to greater elevation in cortisol levels and additional hippocampal dysfunction has been termed the "glucocorticoid cascade hypothesis" (Sapolsky et al. 1986). Studies in humans also suggest smaller hippocampal volumes by Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) in people with chronic or recurrent major depressive or bipolar disorders (Sheline et al. 1996; Bremner et al. 2000). Although none of these studies documented elevated cortisol levels at the time of the neuroimaging, mood disorders can be associated with an elevation in cortisol. Therefore, one explanation for these findings is hippocampal atrophy due to an excess of cortisol at some point in the illness. Corticosteroids are associated with deficits in cognitive functioning, which may occur very rapidly after exposure and long before any changes in hippocampal structure could be detected with available imaging techniques. Thus, cognitive instruments may be a sensitive measure of early changes in the hippocampus due to corticosteroids. Declarative memory, assessed with instruments such as word lists or paragraph recall, appears to be particularly sensitive to hippocampal functioning (Squire 1992). Memory deficits have been reported in patients receiving short (days) (Naber et al. 1996, Bender et al. 1988, Newcomer et al. 1994, 1999) or long term (weeks, months or years) (Brown et al. 2004b, Keenan et al. 1996) exposures to exogenous corticosteroids. Several lines of evidence suggest that stress and corticosteroids may impair human hippocampal structure and functioning. Starkman et al. (1992) examined hippocampal volumes using Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) in 12 patients with cortisol elevations of 1‐4 years duration secondary to Cushing's disease. In three patients, hippocampal volumes fell outside the 95% confidence interval reported in the literature. Atrophy correlated with mean cortisol levels. Our group recently reported poorer performance on a declarative memory task (a measure of hippocampal functioning), smaller hippocampal volume and lower levels of N‐acetyl aspartate, a putative marker of neuronal viability, in a group of 17 asthma and arthritis patients receiving long‐term prednisone therapy than in a control group of similar age, education level and medical history not receiving prednisone (Brown et al 2004b). Mood symptom with prescription corticosteroids In addition to cognitive effects, corticosteroids are also associated with changes in mood. Brief courses of prescription corticosteroids are associated primarily with manic or hypomanic symptoms (Brown et al. 2002; Naber et al. 1996) although clinically significant depressive symptoms are reported in some patients (Naber et al. 1996). Longer‐term exposure to lower dosages of prednisone may be associated more strongly with depressive symptoms (Brown et al. 2004b; Keenan et al. 1996). We found lifetime prednisone‐induced mood disorders in 60% of patients receiving chronic prednisone therapy (Bolanos et al. 2004). Interventions to prevent or reverse hippocampal changes secondary to stress or corticosteroids In animal models, pharmacological interventions focusing on agents that directly reduce corticosteroid levels or reduce corticosteroid‐induced elevations in serotonin or glutamate have been explored. A novel antidepressant not currently available in the U.S. for use in humans, tianeptine, appears to prevent and reverse morphological changes in the rat hippocampus during a stress paradigm (Conrad et al. 1996; Watanabe et al. 1992; Magarinos et al. 1999). An additional agent, which appears to prevent stress‐induced hippocampal damage in rats, is the glutamate‐release inhibitor phenytoin (Watanabe et al. 1992; Magarinos et al. 1999). Our group has developed a research program using humans who receive prescription corticosteroids as anti‐inflammatory and immunosuppressant therapy to explore the effects of the stress hormones on the hippocampus. Our current focus is on interventions that may prevent or reverse the effects of stress or corticosteroids on the hippocampus. Acetaminophen as a neuroprotective agent Data suggest that acetaminophen is widely distributed in the central nervous system (Caurad et al. 2001a) and may have neuroprotective properties. Pertinent to the proposed study acetaminophen protects dopaminergic neurons against glutamate excitotoxicity in vitro (Casper et al. 2000) and protects hippocampal neurons from oxidative stress (Bisaglia et al 2002). Acetaminophen also reduces staphylococcal enterotoxin‐induced increases in glutamate release in the rabbit brain (Huang et al 2004). Acetaminophen also alters monoamines in the rat brain (Courad et al. 2001b), and synaptic plasticity in the hippocampus through presynaptic serotonin receptors (Chen and Bazan, 2003). No reports were found on the effect of acetaminophen on mood or memory. If an excess of corticosteroids is associated with memory impairment and eventual hippocampal volume loss, interventions that may prevent or reverse these changes are of great importance. Memory deficits secondary to brief (days to weeks) exposure to corticosteroids are clearly reversible with medication discontinuation. Even hippocampal changes with longer term corticosteroid exposure may be reversible. Starkman et al (1999) reported significant increases in hippocampal volumes, measured on MRI, and improvement in declarative memory in 22 patients with Cushing's disease approximately 3‐18 months (mean 12 months) following successful treatment and normalization of cortisol levels. We reported on the use of lamotrigine, a glutamate release inhibitor, for 12 weeks in a group of 10 patients receiving long‐term prednisone therapy (Brown et al 2003). We found statistically significant improvement in declarative memory, suggestive of a neuroprotective effect on the hippocampus, following lamotrigine therapy. We recently completed a randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trial of phenytoin in patients receiving prednisone therapy (Brown et al 2005). Phenytoin was associated with a significantly smaller increase in hypomanic symptom severity than placebo during the prednisone exposure. However, it appears that phenytoin, not unexpectedly, may have also been associated with some negative effects on cognition. Thus, a medication with few cognitive effects may be a better choice for use in our model system. Interventions to prevent or reverse the mood effects of prescription corticosteroids Only two controlled clinical trials have been conducted in patients with psychiatric symptoms secondary to corticosteroids. Falk et al. (1979) reported that lithium pretreatment might attenuate corticosteroid‐induced mood symptoms. While 14% of patients receiving corticotropin therapy suffered from mood symptoms, none of the patients receiving corticotropin following lithium pretreatment had a mood disturbance. As discussed above, we gave a group of adult asthma patients either phenytoin or placebo at the same time they began a course of oral prednisone therapy. The group receiving phenytoin has a significantly smaller increase in manic symptom severity than the group receiving placebo (Brown et al. 2005, see also preliminary studies section). Case reports and small open‐label studies suggest that lithium and other mood stabilizers including lamotrigine, carbamazepine, gabapentin, valproic acid, traditional neuroleptics (Ahmad and Rasul, 1999) and the newer atypical agents (Brown et al. 2004c) may effectively treat or prevent corticosteroid‐induced mood symptoms after their development (Brown, 2003, Brown et al. 2003). Summary A reliable early effect (beginning 1‐2 days into therapy) of corticosteroids on the human hippocampus is a decline in performance on declarative memory tasks (e.g. word lists). Preclinical data suggest that acetaminophen may have neuroprotective properties. We propose to give patients scheduled to receive prescription corticosteroids either acetaminophen or placebo along with the corticosteroids. Our aim is to determine if the acetaminophen attenuates the decline in declarative memory, and development of hypomanic symptomatology (e.g. insomnia, irritability, agitation) better than placebo. If this pilot study shows promising results we would anticipate conducting a larger, more definitive study, with funding from National Institutes of Health (NIH).
Determinants of the timing of symptomatic treatment in early Parkinson disease: the National Institutes of Health Exploratory Trials in Parkinson Disease (NET-PD) Experience; OBJECTIVE: To assess the predictive value of baseline measures of impairment, disability, and quality of life for the timing of initiation of symptomatic treatment in early Parkinson disease (PD). DESIGN: Inception cohort analysis. SETTING: Ambulatory population from multiple sites in the United States and Canada. PARTICIPANTS: Four hundred thirteen patients with early, untreated PD who participated in 2 double‐blind trials that assessed the potential of experimental drugs to serve as disease‐modifying agents in PD. Intervention Participants were randomized into treatment groups: creatine (n = 67), minocycline (n = 66), coenzyme Q10 (n = 71), GPI‐1485 (n = 71), and placebo (n = 138). Main Outcome Measure Time between baseline assessment and need for the initiation of symptomatic treatment for PD. The following baseline variables were assessed for their relation to the main outcome measure, while adjusting for possible treatment effect: sex; age; level of education; race/ethnicity; disease duration; occupational status; and Unified Parkinson Disease Rating Scale (UPDRS), Medical Outcomes Study Short Form Survey, Modified Rankin Scale, Schwab and England Activities of Daily Living Scale, Total Functional Capacity Scale, 39‐item Parkinson Disease Questionnaire, and Geriatric Depression Scale scores. Variables reaching statistical threshold in univariate analyses (alpha = .15) were entered into a multivariable Cox proportional hazards regression model using time to symptomatic treatment as the dependent variable. RESULTS: Approximately half (48.5%) of the participants reached end point within 12 months. Higher baseline impairment and disability, as determined by UPDRS III (motor section), UPDRS II (activities of daily living section, participant rating), and Modified Rankin Scale scores and level of education were independently associated with an earlier need for symptomatic treatment. CONCLUSIONS: In early PD, greater impairment and disability and higher level of education are independently associated with an earlier need for symptomatic treatment.
The effects of self-treatment on duration of exacerbations, health status and costs of health care in patients with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) and common co-morbidities; INTERVENTION: Intervention: self‐management of COPD patients with comorbidities. Patients will be randomised to receive the intervention will attend two individual one‐hour sessions and two or three 2.0‐hour group sessions guided by the study nurses. One, four, and eight months after completion of the self‐management discussion sessions, the study nurse will contact the patient by phone, to reinforce self‐management skills. During the self‐management course, patients will learn to treat their COPD exacerbations and/or flare‐ups of comorbidities with the help of an action plan linked to the diary. The individual action plan shows the actions a patient has to take with a certain combination of symptoms. It will be repeatedly discussed with the patients during the sessions. Besides training in self‐treatment, the content and emphasis of the self‐management program will be directed towards mastery of skills necessary for successful self‐management, such as correct medication intake, and the early recognition of symptoms of an exacerbation of COPD and/or a flare‐up of potential comorbidities. CONDITION: ; Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease; Chronic Obstructive Airway Disease; 10006436 PRIMARY OUTCOME: The primary outcome measure is the number of COPD exacerbation days (daily ; symptom diary). ; SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary outcome measures are health status (spirometry (FEV1, FVC); ; Health‐Related Quality of Life (SF‐12, Chronic Respiratory Questionnaire); ; subjective fatigue (Fatigue Score); anxiety and depression symptoms (HADS)), ; confidence and competence (COPD Self‐Efficacy Scale); adherence of patients ; with self‐treatment protocol (daily symptom diary); satisfaction and confidence ; of health care providers (semi‐structured interviews) and patients ; (focusgroups); and cost data (cost‐effectiveness analysis). ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) a clinical diagnosis of COPD according to the GOLD criteria (FEV1 < 80% of the predicted value and FEV1/FVC<0.70); 2) >= 1 diagnostic comorbidity: ischaemic heart disease (history of myocardial infarction, angina pectoris (stable or unstable); heart failure (defined according to the ESC guidelines); diabetes (steroid‐induced or stable diabetes type 1 or 2); or active symptoms of depression and/or anxiety (AD) (using a cut‐off score of >= 11 from the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale) (HADS) and/or having AD symptoms that are currently being treated; 3) >= 3 exacerbations, defined as respiratory problems that required a course of oral corticosteroids / antibiotics in the two years preceding study entry; and/or >= 1 hospitalisation for respiratory problems in the two years preceding study entry; and/or Modified MRC (mMRC) score of 3 or 4; 4) >= 40 years of age; 5) stable at the time of inclusion (at least 4 weeks post‐exacerbation, 6 weeks po
CopenHeart IE - Integrated Rehabilitation of Patients Treated for Infective Endocarditis; Infective endocarditis (IE) is among the most serious infectious diseases in the western world. Treatment requires lengthy hospitalization, high dosage antibiotics and possible valve replacement surgery. Studies indicate that patients experience persisting physical symptoms, diminished quality of life and difficulties returning to work, up to a year post‐discharge. No studies investigating the effect of, interventions aimed at relieving these problems, have been published. A randomized clinical trial is conducted to investigate the effect and meaning of an integrated rehabilitation programme on the physical and psychosocial functioning of patients treated for IE. The trial is a multi‐centre, parallel arm design. A mixed methods embedded experimental design is chosen to include both quantitative and qualitative data to evaluate the intervention. The intervention consists of five psycho‐educational consultations provided by specialized nurses and a twelve week individualized exercise training programme provided by physiotherapists. A qualitative and a survey‐based pre‐study will be undertaken, to investigate post‐discharge experiences and rehabilitation needs of patients treated for IE. A qualitative post‐intervention study will explore rehabilitation participation experiences. The hypothesis is, that integrated rehabilitation can improve mental health, physical capacity, self‐rated health, quality of life, nutritional status, sleep‐quality and body‐image and reduce anxiety, depression, fatigue, health care utilisation, work cessation and mortality in patients treated for IE and that it is cost effective. 150 patients treated for leftsided‐ (native‐ or prosthetic valve) or cardiac device endocarditis will be included in the trial Questionnaires, cardiopulmonary testing, 6 minute walking test and qualitative interviews will be used to evaluate the effect and meaning of the programme.
Optimal Management of Rheumatoid Arthritis Patients Requiring Biologic Therapy; Anti‐TNF therapy has become an established part of the treatment of patients with rheumatoid arthritis (RA) who fail to have (or maintain) an adequate response to conventional disease modifying anti‐rheumatic drugs (DMARDs) according to the BSR Biologics guidelines which have been approved by NICE 1,2 Other biologic drugs, such as rituximab, have been approved for use in the NHS in patients who have failed anti‐TNF therapy.3 Rituximab is also effective in patients who have failed conventional DMARDs but have not yet been exposed to anti‐TNF therapy.4 It is possible that rituximab is more or less effective than anti‐TNF therapy in biologic naïve patients but head to head trials have not been carried out. Rheumatologists are faced with the question ‐ which biologic should be used first? All biologics are expensive, and the relative cost effectiveness of available therapies needs to be considered. NICE and the Scottish Medicines Consortium (SMC) are charged with providing guidance to the NHS about the use of biologic drugs, but it is recognised that there is a great deal of uncertainty associated with the health economic modelling that is the basis of NICE/SMC decisions. Currently, randomised controlled trials have shown that anti‐TNF and rituximab therapy are both effective. Whilst the overall response rates appear similar, there were important differences between the trial populations which make comparisons between trials of limited usefulness, and the data are compatible with important clinical differences in efficacy. The financial risk that the NHS is exposed to is considerable: the cost of anti‐TNF therapy is approximately £9‐10,000 per annum; rituximab costs £3,500 per treatment course, which need to be repeated (on average) every 6‐9 months giving an annual cost of £4700 ‐ 7000. In Scotland, there were 450 biologic‐naive RA patients started on an anti‐TNF drug in 2007 (personal communication) which translates to 4‐5000 patients starting anti‐TNF therapy each year in the UK, at an annual cost of £40million. Were rituximab to prove be as effective in biologic‐naive patients as anti‐TNF therapy this could result in savings to the NHS of £9 ‐ 20 million per annum, depending on the frequency of re‐treatment with rituximab that was required. On the other hand, if anti‐TNF therapy is more effective than rituximab therapy, it would be very important to have good evidence to inform NICE/SMC appraisals which might otherwise conclude from the current literature that rituximab affords a more cost‐effective approach. In addition, co‐existing depression is common in patients with severe RA and has been shown to significantly reduce patients' response to, and increase side effects from, anti‐TNF therapy. It is not known whether a similar effect occurs with Rituximab. If the effect of pre‐existing depression on response differs between anti‐TNF and rituximab therapy, this could have a major impact on biologic choice for depressed patients in routine clinical care. The proposed trial is a randomised controlled trial that will compare the efficacy and cost‐effectiveness of two treatment strategies in patients who require biologic treatment according to the BSR guidelines: starting with anti‐TNF therapy first, compared to the use of rituximab first. Treatment will be switched to the alternative technology in the event of toxicity, lack or loss of response. Treatment doses and schedules will be according to the current licensed doses of all medications; rituximab will be used in accordance with recent trials in biologic‐naïve patients which is expected to form the basis of Roche's application for a license extension (personal communication).5,6 A pragmatic approach to anti‐TNF therapy will be taken: there are variations in the choice of anti‐TNF drug (etanercept, infliximab or adalimumab) and there is no consensus (or evidence) that one is superior to another. This fact is recognised by NICE who recommends the use of anti‐TNF therapy but has not identified an anti‐TNF drug of choice. In the UK, the vast majority of patients are treated with one of the two sub‐cutaneous preparations (etanercept or adalimumab) rather than infliximab for logistical reasons. Hence, patients enrolling in the trial and who are randomised to anti‐TNF therapy will be treated with either adalimumab or etanercept, following discussion and advice from their rheumatologist. There is evidence that patients who are sero‐negative for rheumatoid factor and anti‐CCP antibodies are less likely to respond to rituximab therapy,7 and the consensus is that such patients should be treated with anti‐TNF therapy and will be not be eligible for the trial. Safety remains an important concern for patients and clinicians and all adverse events will be carefully recorded, although a trial of this size will not have the power to exclude clinically relevant differences between treatments in the rate of serious adverse events. The side effect profiles for anti‐TNF and rituximab therapy differ, but both treatment modalities are associated with an increased risk of infection. In contrast some adverse effects are associated specifically with anti‐TNF (e.g. demyelination) or rituximab (e.g. Progressive Multifocal Leucoencephalopathy) therapy. The safety of adding anti‐TNF therapy to patients who remain B‐cell depleted is important. The evidence to date suggests that there is no significant increase in the risk of serious infective complications in these patients,8 but a comparison of the rate of adverse events in patients switching from rituximab to anti‐TNF therapy will be compared to the rate seen in those switching form anti‐TNF to rituximab. It is known that only a proportion of patients achieve remission or a low disease activity state (LDAS) with biologic therapy. Partial or non‐response entails significant cost, encompassing an economic burden on the NHS and exposure to potential adverse events for the patient. Predicting those patients in whom clinical responses are most likely to occur would aid decision making for clinicians, reduce unnecessary adverse effects for patients and confer considerable health utility benefits. Patients who agree to participate in ORBIT will be asked to consider whether, in addition, they would consent to undergo synovial biopsy as part of a pilot study that will test the hypothesis that synovial tissue in RA patients carries a molecular and/or cellular signature ('pathotype') that can be captured to optimise the rational choice of biologic agents to thereby enhance the proportion of patients achieving high‐hurdle endpoints. Ultrasound‐guided biopsy is a safe, well‐tolerated technique that renders synovium accessible in a high proportion of patients. Following treatment with a variety of immune‐modulatory agents, certain molecular and cellular features within synovial biopsies (e.g. SL‐CD68 expression) predict subsequent clinical improvement. However, clinical trials and experience indicate heterogeneity of responses to targeting discrete cellular or molecular components of inflammation with biologic therapies such that at present, determining the optimum biologic therapy for a given individual is largely a matter of trial and error. Therefore we aim to investigate whether pathologic features within the synovial membrane (which we propose to call a 'synovial pathotype') could be used to direct the choice of biologic agent a priori and a sub‐group of patients enrolling in the trial will be asked to undergo synovial biopsy. Specifically, we will address the question: does the use of rituximab in patients with synovial biopsies containing features commensurate with ectopic germinal formation, or of TNF blocker to patients with diffuse inflammation, improve the response rates? If successful, this study will provide a novel biopsy‐led rationale for the choice of biologic agent. In addition, samples of serum, RNA and genomic DNA from all patients enrolled in ORBIT will contribute to the MRC‐funded PEAC (Pathobiology of Early Arthritis Cohort) biobank. They will provide a resource for future analysis and separate relevant applications.
Infliximab improves health-related quality of life in the presence of comorbidities among patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis; BACKGROUND: Psoriasis affects patients both physically and psychologically. OBJECTIVES: To investigate the effect of comorbidities on health‐related quality of life (HRQoL) and to determine whether infliximab improved HRQoL in the presence of these conditions. METHODS: In this multicentre, double‐blind study, 835 patients with moderate‐to‐severe plaque psoriasis were randomized to receive infliximab 3 or 5 mg kg(‐1) or placebo at weeks 0, 2 and 6. Infliximab‐treated patients were re‐randomized at week 14 to receive the same treatment every 8 weeks or as needed through week 46; placebo patients crossed over to infliximab 5 mg kg(‐1) at week 16. Disease severity (Psoriasis Area and Severity Index, PASI) and HRQoL (Dermatology Life Quality Index, DLQI; 36‐item Short‐Form Health Survey, SF‐36) were measured at various time points. The effect of patient comorbidities on baseline HRQoL was assessed using multiple regression models. The impact of key comorbidities on infliximab treatment effect was also assessed. RESULTS: Disease severity (PASI), depression and psoriatic arthritis (PsA) were predictors of poor baseline HRQoL. At week 10, infliximab 3 and 5 mg kg(‐1) significantly improved physical and mental health dimensions of the SF‐36 and the DLQI (all P < 0.001). Consistent improvement in HRQoL with infliximab treatment was observed regardless of baseline patient characteristics or comorbidities. Through week 50, HRQoL and PASI scores were most improved with infliximab 5 mg kg(‐1) administered every 8 weeks. CONCLUSIONS: Disease severity, depression and PsA were significant predictors of poor HRQoL. Infliximab significantly improved HRQoL, regardless of these characteristics.
Healthy Body Vitamin Pack: a Randomised Controlled Trial assessing mood and behaviour in adults reporting feeling stressed in the workplace; INTERVENTION: Participants are randomly allocated to receive one of two treatments to be consumed once daily with a meal for a period of 12 weeks: A. Healthy Body Vitamin Pack (containing 2 x 600mg fish oil softgels and 1 x Basic One Iron free multivitamin and mineral oral tablet) OR B. Placebo tablets (2 x softgels and 1 x oral tablet) matched for appearance and flavor. Please note: The daily dosage of 1 Basic One Iron free multivitamin and mineral oral tablet contains: Vitamin A (as natural beta carotene) 2,000IU Vitamin C (ascorbic acid) 150mg Vitamin D (cholecalciferol) 2,000IU Vitamin E (as d‐alpha tocopherol succinate) 200IU Thiamine (Vitamin B1 as HCI) 1.5mg Riboflavin (Vitamin B2) 2mg Niacinamide (niacinamide/Vitamin B3) 20mg Vitamin B6 (pyridoxine hydrochloride) 10mg Folic Acid (Folate/Vitamin B9) 400mcg Vitamin B12 (Cyanocobalamin) 400mcg Pantothenic Acid (as calcium pantothenate) 10mg Magnesium (as magnesium oxide) 200mg Zinc (zinc oxide) 15mg Selenium (as selenium chelate) 100mcg Chromium (as chromium amino acid chelate) 100mcg Lycopene 5mg CONDITION: Workplace stress PRIMARY OUTCOME: Workplace stress (Occupational Stress Inventory Revised) SECONDARY OUTCOME: Cardiovascular parameters: Blood analysis Health: General Health Questionnaire ; Mood: Profile of Moods Questionnaire; Beck Depression Inventory ; Other Stress: Perceived Stress Scale ; ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: Participants who meet the following eligibility criteria will be recruited in the trial: 1. Healthy non‐smoking males and females aged between 30 and 55 years. 2. Currently in full‐time employment. 3. Are not heavy drinkers of alcohol (defined as greater than 14 standard drinks per week for women and 28 standard drinks per week for men). 4. No history of anxiety, depression, psychiatric disorders or epilepsy 5. No history of / do not currently suffer from heart disease or high blood pressure or diabetes. 6. Not taking any medication, herbal extracts, vitamin supplements or illicit drugs which might reasonably be expected to interfere with cognition or mood for 4 weeks prior to (and duration of) study (such as multivitamins, B vitamins, ginkgo biloba, antioxidants or other supplements). 7. Not taking any form of medication within 5 days of admission (except for prophylactic antibiotics, or other routine medications to treat
The effect of resveratrol in red wine on cognitive function in older adults: preliminary study; INTERVENTION: Resveratrol belongs to a class of polyphenolic compounds called stillbenes, found largely in the skins of red grapes and root of Japanese knotweed. It is a fat‐soluble compound typically used in oriental medicine to treat diseases of the blood vessels, heart and liver. An increasing body of evidence from in vitro, animal model and ex vivo studies suggest that resveratrol has the potential to prevent or reduce the risk of certain diseases such as cardiovascular disease, certain cancers (DNA‐protective effects) and cognitive dysfunction or dementias. This study is a placebo‐controlled, double‐blind, randomised, repeated groups study, with a 7‐day washout period between treatments. Participants will be required to attend 2 study visits. Visits will be scheduled to begin in the mornings as participants will be required to fast prior to testing. Each visit will progress in the same fashion and last for approximately 2.5 hours. Participants will complete a baseline 20‐minute cognitive battery comprised of 2 repetitions of the Cognitive Demand Battery which consists of the serial three subtraction task, serial seven subtraction task and the Rapid Visual Information Processing Task. Following this a fasting blood sample will be taken as a baseline measure. Participants will then be given their treatment for the day. Participants will be randomised to receive either: 1) 100mg of grape derived resveratrol in 100ml red wine 2) 100ml red wine, such that at the conclusion of the study all participants will have received both treatments. A 45 minute absorption period is required prior to a second blood sample being taken. Following this, participants will complete a 60 minute cognitive battery comprised of 6 repetitions of the CDB. Following this, participants will be required to give a third blood sample. Finally, following a further 30 minutes, a fourth blood sample will be taken. CONDITION: Absorption rates of resveratrol Cognitive function in older adults PRIMARY OUTCOME: To assess the effects of a daily moderate amount of resveratrol‐enhanced red wine on cognitive performance in older adults using the Cognitive Demand Battery (CDB) which consists of the serial three subtraction task, serial seven subtraction task and the Rapid Visual Information Processing Task SECONDARY OUTCOME: To determine whether the dose of resveratrol (100 mg) is significant enough to reach detectable concentrations in the body. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Participants who meet the following eligibility criteria will be recruited in the trial: 1. Healthy non‐smoking males and females aged 65 or older. 2. No history of anxiety, depression or epilepsy. 3. Not taking any form of medication within 5 days of participation in the study (except for prophylactic antibiotics, or other routine medications to treat benign conditions, such as antibiotics to treat acne) and agree not to take any medication throughout the study. 4. Are willing and able to participate in all scheduled visits, treatment plan, dietary restrictions, tests and other trial procedures according to the protocol. Also comfortable with computers. 5. Understand the rating scales and computer tests (as judged by the study coordinator) 6. Provide a personally signed and dated informed consent indicating that the participant has been informed of all pertinent aspects of the trial.
Effects of a Combination of IV-PCA With Continuous IV Infusion of MO, Versus IV-PCA MO on Postoperative Pain; Study objective To compare the efficacy of two MO administration‐protocols: PCA MO (only) vs combination of continuous background infusion plus PCA MO (combined dosage) in patients after abdominal and thoracic surgery. Methods Inclusion criteria The study will be conducted as a prospective, randomized, double blinded one, into which we will enroll patients aged 18‐80 years undergoing major abdominal procedures (e.g. laparotomy, nephrectomy, gastrectomy, gastric bypass, pancreatectomy, splenectomy, and abdominal aortic aneurysm) or thoracic surgery (segmentectomy, lobectomy or pneumonectomy) in our institution during the years 2008‐9. Exclusion criteria We will exclude from the study patients with a history of drug or alcohol abuse, psychiatric disturbances, senile dementia, Alzheimer's disease, seizures or suicide risk, use of psychotropic drugs, pregnancy or nursing, hypersensitivity to MO, or to non steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) or their excipients, chronic or acute pain of any origin, respiratory failure or insufficiency, uncompensated or congestive heart or hepatic failure and those scheduled for an emergency or palliative procedure. We will also exclude patients using antidepressants, anticonvulsants or muscle relaxants, and patients using any monoamine oxidase inhibitor within 2 weeks of surgery. Post enrollment dropouts Patients will be dropped from the study for one of the following reasons: need for immediate postoperative artificial ventilation lasting over 4 h, lack of coherence (<5/10) or constant sedation (>5/10 VAS), or combative behavior in the PACU, postoperative requirement for re‐intervention and/or transfer to an intensive care unit (ICU). Other suitable patients will be recruited to replace the ones that were dropped. Intra‐study non‐replaced dropouts will include protocol violation, patient's decision to withdraw or ineffective drug protocol (pain >5/10 VAS despite full and evidenced protocol implementation). Intra‐operative management Anesthetics and surgical management will be performed similarly in all patients. All patients will receive prophylactic antibiotics. All will be premedicated with oral 10 mg diazepam the night before surgery and 40‐75 min preoperatively. After a sedative dose of IV midazolam (1.5‐2 mg) and fentanyl (1.5 μg/kg), propofol (1‐2 mg/kg) will be slowly injected IV until the patient losses consciousness. A non‐depolarizing muscle relaxant will enable endotracheal intubation. General anesthesia will be maintained according to institutional protocol, using nitrous oxide/oxygen 2/1 L/min enriched with isoflurane, aiming at delivering 1 MAC anesthesia. A non‐depolarizing muscle relaxant and fentanyl will be continually infused or given by repeated portions to maintain muscle relaxation and analgesia, and hemodynamic and ventilatory stability. Cardiovascular and respiratory parameters will be monitored in the standard manner, and intraoperative fluid administration and blood replacement will follow common cardiovascular, renal and laboratory indices. Towards the end of surgery, all drugs will be turned off and minimal doses of atropine and neostigmine will be administered to reverse muscle relaxation and obtain the return of normal spontaneous respiration. All patients will then be transferred to the PACU for observation. Study design Consented postoperative patients will be randomly assigned to one of two groups (by using a closed‐envelope technique): Group 1 will receive PCA bolus injections of MO, as practiced in our institution, whereas group 2 will receive both a basal (infusion) administration and PCA bolus injections. Dosage of the basal infusion and the PCA combination will be based on a preliminary dose‐response pain control study and data obtained during a previous study, where the technique provided satisfactory reduction or even elimination of pain along with a tolerable level of side effects. For reasons of both safety and efficacy, we will maintain the doses of both basal (infusion) and demand (bolus) portions on a body weight basis. Study phase and drug use Upon arrival in the PACU, each patient will be connected to an oxygen face‐mask and a vital signs monitor. Upon the first complaint of moderate or severe rest pain (≥5/10 on a visual analog scale [VAS]), and after the PACU drug‐blinded attending physician had established that the patient is coherent and cooperative, a PCA system will be connected to the patient's IV line. The physician will start device, and deliver the first bolus. The subsequent drug boluses will be self‐administered by the patient. Group 1 patients will receive MO infusion (10 μg/kg/h) + MO bolus (10 μg/kg/bolus, by request), whereas group 2 will be administered with only boluses of 1.5 mg/bolus of MO. A 7 min lockout time after each bolus will prevent excessive dispensing of the drug. If needed, the physician could administer two extra boluses for optimal pain control within the first 15 min postoperatively. Rescue diclofenac 75 mg IM will be allowed once to help prompt start analgesia instead of opioid titration, and 6h later. No hourly dose limit will be set for the protocols. All patients will be treated according to their designated study protocol for as long as they need; no use for 12 h after will prompt the patients to the standard pain care of the surgical department. The demographic data (age, gender, weight), background characteristics (pre‐study heart and respiratory rates, SpO2, systolic and diastolic blood pressures), patients' American Society of Anesthesiologists (ASA) physical class, duration of surgery and intraoperative fentanyl usage will also be recorded; all will be analyzed at the end of the study. Study hypothesis and benefits The present study aims at assessing whether the addition of MO infusion to the commonly used PCA, although both at a total dose that is inferior to that currently used in our institution, will provide better pain control compared to the commonly used technique. We believe that if this occurs, it will be safer for the patient and possibly allow earlier recovery, rehabilitation and home discharge. Patient assessment Outcome measurements will be assessed and documented every 15 min during the first 2 h of the study and then hourly, until POD3. Primary outcomes will include the demand/delivery ratio for MO and rescue drug (assessed by the hourly activation of the IV‐PCA device, and the 12 h total drug consumption). Secondary outcomes will be: pain intensity (evaluated by both by the patients' self‐rated pain, and via VAS by a blinded assessor), self‐rated levels of sedation and satisfaction, time of dependence of the device and urinary catheter, time to discharge, and time until the patient sits, stand and leaves bed. Adverse effects that we will evaluate are: respiratory depression (respiratory rate, room air saturation, time to extubation in re‐intubated patients); vomiting/nausea; allergic events, severe complications (e.g. morbidity).
Can changing the way people with chronic lung disease think about breathlessness improve and sustain health outcomes?; INTERVENTION: Eight week comprehensive pulmonary rehabilitation (CPR) with a cognitive behavioural therapy program for the sensation of breathlessness (CPR + BREVE). The pulmonary rehabilitation program adheres to the recommendations of the COPD‐X Plan 2008, and includes three exercise sessions (circuit training group therapy) and a two‐hour education session each week (group therapy). The eight week CBT program (BREVE –Breathless. Recognise sensations, Explore thoughts and beliefs, Validate whether thoughts are useful or harmful, Evolve and change behaviour) includes one hour group work facilitated by a psychologist supported by an eight module workbook. Each module includes an educational component, individual reflective activity, practice tasks for the exercise sessions and homework. Interventions and control occur seperately (i.e cycles of pulmonary rehabilation with and without the active intervention occur in randomised sequence) CONDITION: breathlessness PRIMARY OUTCOME: The Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS) The six minute walk test (6MWT) assesses function exercise capacity (metres walked during six minutes) SECONDARY OUTCOME: Accelerometery using the Actigraph GT1X3e to assess participants physical activity (minutes spent in moderate to vigorous physical activity, sedentary behaviours). Frequency of exacerbations and Health care usage. An exacerbation of COPD is defined as a change in self perceived symptomology necessitating a change of management classified as mild (increase in usual therapy), moderate (addition of steroids, antibiotics or both) or severe (requiring hospital attendance). Participants will keep a daily symptom diary including planned and unplanned attendance at health care providers. The Chronic Respiratory Questionnaire (CRQ) ‐a self‐administered respiratory related quality of life questionnaire with four domains: dyspnoea, fatigue, emotional function and mastery. The sensation of dyspnoea assessed via structured interview which includes, volunteered and endorsed descriptors and 10cm visual analogue scales for intensity and unpleasantness (anchored between 0 = no breathlessness / not unpleasant at all and 10cm = worse possible breathlessness / worst unpleasantness imaginable) . Use of time using the Multimedia Activity Recall for Children and Adults (MARCA) ‐a computer‐assisted 24‐hour recall instrument that adopts a time‐diary approach asking respondents to recall their previous day in pre determined time slice INCLUSION CRITERIA: People referred to Repatriation General Hospital to undertake the Comprehensive Pulmonary Rehabilitation (CPR) program will be eligible for inclusion in this study if they have a clinical diagnosis of COPD, intend to undertake the eight week CPR and have a forced expiratory volume (FEV1) < 80 percent predicted and best recorded ratio of FEV1 to forced vital capacity of < 70 percent (FEV1/FVC <70%).
Effect of Erdosteine on inflammatory and oxidative biomarkers in sputum and exhaled breath in patients with COPD - Effect of Erdosteine ion lung inflammation and oxidation in COPD; INTERVENTION: Trade Name: ERDOTIN Product Name: Erdosteine Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule* Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Capsule* Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use CONDITION: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) of different severity ; MedDRA version: 8.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10009033 Term: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To demonstrate that Erdosteine has anti‐oxidative placebo‐different effect that can be demonstrated by measuring the proposed sputum biomarkers ; ; Primary end point(s): 8‐isoprostanes and LTB4 in induced sputum as markers of oxidative stress Secondary Objective: To demonstrate that anti‐oxidative effect of Erdosteine is also reflected by the improvement of phagocytotic activity of peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC), oxidative biomarkers in exhaled breath and condensate, peripheral blood, lung function, symptoms and quality of life; Secondary outcome variables:; 1. exhaled breath condensate (8‐isoprostane, LTB4); 2. exhaled multiple exhalation flow (MEFTeNO, Cal, JNO and DNO); 3. peripheral blood (8‐isoprostanes; GSH; LTB4; total radical trapping antioxidant potential (TRAP) and Trolox equivalent antioxidant capacity (TEAC); 4. spirometry: FEV1, FVC, FEV1/FVC; 5. Borg dyspnoea score; 6. questionnaires (Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale, St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire); 7. fat free mass measurements; 8. pedometer measurements; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. COPD patients with FEV1/FVC <70% predicted defined as either stage moderate and severe diagnosis according to GOLD criteria (Global Strategy for the Diagnosis, Management, and Prevention of COPD) 2. Current (an active smoker with a pack history of >10 pack years) and ex‐smokers 3. Patients will be allowed to use their current bronchodilators (anticholinergics and long‐acting ß2‐agonists) and continued on their current dose of inhaled corticosteroids 4. Aged 38 ‐ 80 years inclusive 5. Body mass index within the range 19‐32 kg/m2 inclusive 6. FEV1 <15% reversibility (not % pred) after inhaled ß2‐agonists (200 µg salbutamol) 7. Stable COPD (no chest infection requiring antibiotics and/or oral steroids in the past 2 months) 8. Capable of giving informed consent, which includes compliance with the requirements and restrictions listed in the consent form 9. Available to complete the study Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number
Efficacy and Safety Study of Celecoxib and Pregabalin Compared With Celecoxib Monotherapy, in Patients With Chronic Low Back Pain Having a Neuropathic Component; The primary objective is to evaluate the efficacy of the concomitant use of pregabalin and celecoxib compared with celecoxib monotherapy for the symptomatic relief of pain in patients with chronic low back pain with a probable neuropathic component. The secondary objectives are: ‐ Demonstrate the additional benefit of adding pregabalin to celecoxib monotherapy. ‐ To evaluate the concomitant use of pregabalin and celecoxib compared to celecoxib monotherapy in a set of patient reported measures (sleep, depression, anxiety, impact of pain in daily functions, patient's global impression of change and patient's perception of the treatment). ‐ To evaluate the safety and tolerability of celecoxib and of the concomitant administration of pregabalin and celecoxib.
Factors associated with disability in a sample of adults with arthritis; BACKGROUND: Arthritis is the most common cause of disability among US adults. Few studies have comprehensively examined factors associated with disability in this population. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the relationship between a number of disease and non‐disease related factors and disability in sample of adults with self‐reported doctor‐diagnosed arthritis. METHODS: Participants (n = 396) taking part in a randomized controlled trial of arthritis self‐management completed a comprehensive survey assessing a number of demographic, arthritis‐specific, health‐related, behavioral, and psychological variables at baseline. Disability, as measured by the Health Assessment Questionnaire (HAQ), was also measured. Hierarchical regression models examined the independent associations between blocks of variables and disability. RESULTS: Demographic variables (R(2) = 0.13), arthritis‐specific demographics (i.e., type, medication use; ΔR(2) = 0.16), physical health‐related variables (ΔR(2) = 0.06), arthritis‐specific symptoms (ΔR(2) = 0.12), health behaviors (ΔR(2) = 0.00), and psychological variables (ΔR(2) = 0.03) explained 50% of the variance in disability score (R(2) = 0.50). With the exception of health behaviors, the addition of each block of variables significantly improved the model, explaining additional variance in HAQ scores (p < 0.0001). In the final model, older age, less than a high school education, rheumatoid arthritis, greater arthritis duration, taking steroids, taking narcotics, greater pain, greater stiffness, greater depressive symptoms, and lower arthritis self‐efficacy were associated with greater disability whereas male gender, fibromyalgia, and excellent/very good health were associated with less disability. CONCLUSIONS: A number of disease and non‐disease related variables were associated with disability. These findings suggest that disability in adults with arthritis may be a complicated phenomenon; such complexity may make decreasing disability in this population challenging.
Randomized control trial of Celecoxib in prevention of complications after partial splenic embolization; INTERVENTION: A:Placebo;B:200mg oral celecoxib 1 day before PSE nd continued on 6 days after PSE; CONDITION: Hyperspleism PRIMARY OUTCOME: complications in patients with PSE / both treatmen;infracted region and volume of spleen / measured by computed tomography after PSE; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Male patients in hospital aged from 18 to 70; 2. History of cirrhosis with splenomegaly dignosed by radiology; 3. Marked depression of circulating erythrocytes, platelets and leucocytes; 4. No contraindications of partial splenic embolization; 5. Participant agreed and signed the informed consent form.
Anti-inflammatory treatment reduces stress perception and augments antidepressant response; Background: There is a close association between stress, mood disorders and inflammation. Control of inflammation in conjunction with antidepressant therapy may augment antidepressant response and convert treatment‐resistant patients to responders. We hypothesized that antidepressant response and perceived stress in treatment resistant bipolar depressed patients would decline significantly post‐treatment with escitalopram and celecoxib vs. escitalopram alone. We also hypothesized that levels of perceived stress would correlate positively to severity of depression and anxiety pre‐treatment and to a decline in severity of depression and anxiety post‐treatment. Methods: Patients were randomized to receive escitalopram + celecoxib, or escitalopram + placebo. Subjects completed assessments at weeks 0, 1, 2, 4 and 8. Severity of depression and anxiety were quantified using the HAM‐D, HAM‐A, and MADRS rating scales. Perceived stress was assessed using the PSS‐14 scale. Results: There was a statistically significant reduction in HAM‐D mean scores in the active group (p=0.0005) vs. placebo (p=0.145), MADRS scores in the active group (p<0.001) vs. placebo (p=0.172) and HAM‐A scores in the active group (p=0.047) vs. placebo (p=0.756) decreased as well. The PSS and HAM‐D scores were positively correlated (r=0.684, p=0.02). There was a statistically significant decrease in post‐treatment PSS scores in the active group (p=0.049) vs. placebo (p=0.717). Conclusions: The interim analysis of this ongoing study reveals that scores on scales for symptoms of depression, anxiety, and perceived stress all significantly improved post‐treatment when subjects were treated with escitalopram + celecoxib versus escitalopram alone. These data suggest that controlling inflammation augments antidepressant treatment response.
Pain assessment in children and adolescents with cystic fibrosis: utilizing an online pain diary; Purpose/Background: Cystic fibrosis (CF) is a progressive disease affecting multiple organ systems including the lungs, pancreas and digestive. Currently, the treatment regimen is palliative and requires multiple medications and treatments, averaging 2‐4 hours per day. Pain is a significant, but an under‐studied complication of CF and may be related to disease progression, which can include chronic pulmonary infections, reduced lung function, and increased treatments, such as airway clearance and intravenous antibiotics. Although pain symptoms are a significant problem for children and adolescents with CF, there is little data on the frequency, intensity and location of their pain. The purpose of the current study is to systematically measure different aspects of pain and examine its relationship to adherence, depression, anxiety and health‐related quality of life (HRQoL). Methods: The current study is part of an ongoing multi‐center NIH SBIR Phase II randomized, controlled trial. Enrollment is open, with a projected sample size of 150 participants ages 11‐20. Participants complete a battery of measures during clinic visits including assessment of pain, HRQoL, adherence to prescribed medications, and symptoms of anxiety and depression. Participants also complete an online pain diary for the six days following their clinic visit that assesses pain location, duration, intensity, affective ratings, and coping response. Data on two sibling participants were analyzed to illustrate the variations in pain experience among patients with CF. Results: Patient A (18 year‐old Hispanic female) and Patient B (19 year‐old Hispanic female) were seen at a CF clinic in South Florida and completed all measures including the online pain diary. Lung function was similar for both patients, at under FEV1% predicted of 70. Patient A reported no pain at the clinic visit and for the 6 subsequent days. In contrast, Patient B reported pain during her clinic visit and for 2 of the 6 days following her visit. Patient B's pain occurred in the stomach and was related to a gastrostomy tube. Mean pain duration lasted one hour. Affective ratings of pain included “aching” and “pressure.” Patient B also reported “resting” as a means of coping with her pain. Conclusions: The current study is the first comprehensive investigation of pain in children and adolescents with CF. The results illustrate the importance of assessing pain in this population on an individual basis. Two patients who were similar in age, gender, and lung function were compared, with data suggesting their pain experience was quite different. Although providers may assume that discomfort is “temporary,” it is clear that pain is a serious enduring challenge for these patients. Recent studies have alluded to pain ratings as the “fifth vital sign,” establishing its clinical relevance for routine care. In order to gain a better understanding of pain in this population, future analyses will include a larger sample with descriptive statistics assessing pain location, duration, frequency, and affective ratings. These results will be informative, both for assessment and treatment of pain in CF.
Effect of glucose on cognitive function in healthy older adults; INTERVENTION: This is a placebo‐controlled, double‐blind, randomized, crossover trial. Conditions will follow a 2 (placebo/glucose) X 2 (+/‐ secondary task) design. Participants will be required to come for 5 visits. The first visit is a practice day where participants complete screening questionnaires and familiarise themselves with the study procedures and tests. The following 4 days are scheduled at least 48 hours apart and participants are randomised to receive one of two treatment drinks (25g glucose/placebo) and +/‐ the secondary tracking task. Participants will be given a glucose drink on two testing days and a placebo drink on two testing days to be consumed orally. The drinks contain 20 ml of orange cordial in 150 ml water containing either 25g of glucose or 30 mg saccharine. These drinks have been used in numerous previous experiments into the effects of glucose on cognition. The two drinks are sensorily indistinguishable. If they are in the secondary tracking task condition, they complete the tracking task on the computer while listening to the words. Following the word presentation, there is a word recognition task where participants are presented with the 20 original words mixed with 20 new words. Participants indicate whether or not the word was in the original list by clicking ‘yes’ or ‘no’. If they indicate yes, they are prompted to indicate whether they (1) remembered it was in the original list, (2) know it was in the original list, or (3) guessed it was in the original list. Drinks will be consumed within 5 minutes, thereafter followed by secondary tracking task and memory encoding. CONDITION: Cognitive Function PRIMARY OUTCOME: Word recognition accuracy and reaction time ; ; During memory encoding, participants will be orally presented with words via headphones connected to a computer screen. Eight of the words will be included as buffers, four at the beginning of the list and four at the end. Participants in the secondary tracking task condition will additionally complete the tracking task while listening to the words. This consists of participants following a moving target using the computer mouse. Following a short delay, there is a word recognition task where participants are presented with some of the original words mixed with some new words, one at a time on the computer screen. Participants indicate whether or not the word was in the original list by clicking 'yes' or 'no' with the mouse. If the participant responded 'yes', they are prompted to indicate their level of confidence of their answer. They click 'remember' to indicate conscious recollection of an item's appearance, 'know' when the item feels familiar but cannot recall its actual occurrence, or 'guess' if they are uncertain whether an item appeared. Standard instructions for this word recognition paradigm will be utilised. SECONDARY OUTCOME: ERP waveforms ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Healthy non‐smoking males and females aged over 65 2. No history of anxiety, depression, psychiatric disorders (confirmed using DASS) or epilepsy 3. No history of / do not currently suffer from heart disease or high blood pressure or diabetes 7. Are willing and able to ; In this study electroencephalagram (EEG) will be recorded from a 64 channel electrode cap using the Neuroscan system during the encoding and response stages of the recognition memory task. Electroculogram (EOG) will be recorded using tin electrodes above (E1) and below (E3) the left eye, above (E2) and below (E4) the right eye, from the outer canthi of the left (E5) and right (E6) eyes. Prior to performing the memory task eye movement data will be recorded from each subject to enable artifact to be removed from the signal during analysis. Event related potential (ERP) responses will be time‐locked to word presentation during the encoding and response stages. ERP components recorded during the response stage of this task for previously unstudied items will be compared to those which participants indicate a 'remember' or 'know' response. Effects of glucose facilitation and effort will be assessed by comparing the averaged ERP components for the gluocose/placebo and tracking/non tracking conditions respectively. 4. Not taking any medication, herbal extracts, vitamin supplements or illicit drugs which might reasonably be expected to interfere with blood glucose levels, for 4 weeks prior to (and duration of) study 5. Not taking any form of medication within 5 days of admission (except for prophylactic antibiotics, or other routine medications to treat benign conditions, such as antibiotics to treat acne) and agree not to take any medication throughout the study 6. No health conditions that would affect food metabolism including the following: food allergies, kidney disease, liver disease and/or gastrointestinal diseases (e.g. Irritable bowel syndrome, coeliac disease, peptic ulcers)
Effect of Ipratropium on Acute Bronchitis in Subjects Without Underlying Lung Disease; METHODS COUGH STOP was an investigator‐initiated study. We conducted a prospective, randomized, double blind, placebo controlled trial to test the hypothesis that ipratropium would improve cough symptoms in otherwise healthy subjects with acute bronchitis. Subjects were enrolled between October 9th 2002 and November 1 2003, and were included if they had a cough with or without sputum production for less than 30 days duration; were age 18 through 65; and were willing to follow up by phone for a brief interview at 2, 4, and 8 days after enrollment. Subjects were excluded if they had a history of COPD; asthma; or other lung disease; had localized lung findings on exam to suggest pneumonia or asthma; chest X‐ray (if done) with evidence of pneumonia; purulent nasal discharge or other evidence of bacterial sinus infection; evidence of streptococcal pharyngitis; temperature greater than 101.5 in the preceding 72 hours; treatment of a respiratory tract infection in the last 30 days; pregnancy; breast feeding; actively trying to become pregnant; history of heart failure; history of renal failure or insufficiency with a creatinine greater than 2.0 mg/dl; history of psychiatric illness other than minor depression; currently incarcerated; or were unwilling to sign the consent form. The study was reviewed and approved by the IRB for our facility, and approved by the FDA by way of an IND application. Subjects were either referred to one of the study investigators by a practicing physician or nurse practitioner at our facility, or were enrolled by a member of our team directly. Subjects were given a copy of the consent form, asked to review it and ask questions. Those who signed the consent form were randomly assigned to treatment with ipratropium or placebo metered dose inhaler (MDI). The assignment key was maintained by the pharmacy and by one of the investigators who had no interaction with the subjects or the data collection process. Subjects received training on how to use an MDI with a spacer device from a member of the study team. Subjects were instructed to take two puffs from the study MDI four times a day for the next 8 days. After the first 8 days they were instructed to use the study MDI on an as needed basis if they thought it was benefiting them. During a structured enrollment interview subjects were asked the following questions: How long have you been coughing (number of days)? What other symptoms do you have? Are you producing sputum? Do you smoke? Are you coughing at night? If "Yes," is it interrupting your sleep? Have you stopped working/daily activities? Are you having fevers? If "Yes," how high are they? What over‐the‐counter medications are you using? Similarly, subjects who had clinic visits in the subsequent sixty‐days had their records audited. Data was again collected in a separate database and reviewed in a blinded fashion by the entire team. Again, all decisions were unanimous, and criteria for inclusion were that the diagnosis at the time of the visit was consistent with that of a URI. Statistical Analysis Power analysis indicated that a sample size of approximately 100 subjects in the treatment and control arms would be sufficient to detect a 33% reduction of cough frequency in the experimental arm receiving ipratropium, assuming a =.05 and b =.20, using a two‐ tailed z‐statistic. Calculation of standard effect size for this power analysis was based upon extrapolation from Hueston's and Melbye's data13 15 on albuterol and fenoterol use in acute bronchitis, assuming a similar effect of ipratropium. Effect size for this calculation was based upon published values of relative risk in the references. Power analysis was not performed for other outcome variables. During the follow up telephone interviews, on days 2, 4, and 8 after enrollment, subjects were asked a similar but shorter set of questions: Are you still coughing? Is your cough better, worse, the same? Are you producing sputum? Is your sputum production better, worse, the same? Are you coughing at night? If "Yes," is it interrupting your sleep? Have you returned to work/daily activities? Has your sense of well being returned? Are you having fevers? If "Yes," how high are they? Are you having any side effects with the medication? If "Yes," what are they? Are you having any problems using your inhaler? If "Yes," please describe. What over‐the‐counter medications are you using? Subjects were not given any medical advice during the follow up interviews and were advised to address any medical questions with their primary care physician. Medical records were reviewed after two months of enrollment for, frequency of return clinic visits, medication prescriptions, especially antibiotics, and complications related to study enrollment. Subjects who had either a subsequent antibiotic prescription or clinic visit for respiratory complaints in the 60 days following study enrollment had an audit of their medical records. Subjects who were prescribed antibiotics in this period had their records reviewed for the following: which antibiotic was prescribed; how long after enrollment it was prescribed; and why it was prescribed. This data was collected in a separate database and reviewed in a blinded fashion by the entire research team for inclusion in the final analysis. All decisions were unanimous, and based on the following factors: the diagnosis at the time of the prescription was consistent with that of an upper respiratory tract infection (URI); the antibiotic prescribed was consistent with treatment for URI; in cases where the diagnosis at the time of prescription could not be determined, the subject was included in the secondary analysis if the antibiotic prescribed was consistent with treatment of a URI. Subjects were excluded from the analysis if their diagnosis at the time of the prescription was not consistent with URI or if the antibiotic prescribed was not consistent with treatment of a URI. Data was analyzed on an intention‐to‐treat basis, according to randomized assignment. The ipratropium and placebo arms were compared for: self‐reported cough severity [same, better, worse]; cough duration [present, not present] for days 2, 4, 8; , well‐being [well, not‐well] for days 2, 4, 8; work absence [attended work, did not work] for days 2, 4, 8. Proportions and rates for non‐continuous grouped variables were compared using chi‐square test. Normally distributed continuous variables, such as cough duration, were compared between treatment arms using a two‐tailed t‐test.
Concord grape juice supplementation improves memory function in older adults with mild cognitive impairment; Concord grape juice contains polyphenol compounds, which have antioxidant and anti‐inflammatory properties and influence neuronal signalling. Concord grape juice supplementation has been shown to reduce inflammation, blood pressure and vascular pathology in individuals with CVD, and consumption of such flavonoid‐containing foods is associated with a reduced risk for dementia. In addition, preliminary animal data have indicated improvement in memory and motor function with grape juice supplementation, suggesting potential for cognitive benefit in ageing humans. In this initial investigation of neurocognitive effects, we enrolled twelve older adults with memory decline but not dementia in a randomised, placebo‐controlled, double‐blind trial with Concord grape juice supplementation for 12 weeks. We observed significant improvement in a measure of verbal learning and non‐significant enhancement of verbal and spatial recall. There was no appreciable effect of the intervention on depressive symptoms and no effect on weight or waist circumference. A small increase in fasting insulin was observed for those consuming grape juice. These preliminary findings suggest that supplementation with Concord grape juice may enhance cognitive function for older adults with early memory decline and establish a basis for more comprehensive investigations to evaluate potential benefit and assess mechanisms of action.
The effects of self-treatment on duration of exacerbations, health status and costs of health care in patients with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) and common co-morbidities; INTERVENTION: A COPD self‐treatment approach for COPD patients with multiple diseases. The intervention group patients will learn to treat their COPD exacerbations and/or flare‐ups of comorbidities with the help of an action plan linked to a daily symptom diary, which they will be asked to complete for a 12‐month period. The self‐treatment training starts after inclusion and consists of 4 sessions which are guided by the trial nurses: two 2.5‐hour group sessions at week 1 and 3 and two individual 1.5‐hour sessions at week 2 and 4. Besides self‐treatment, the program will be aimed at knowledge about COPD and comorbidities, immunisations, inhaler techniques, physical fitness, relaxation and breathing exercises. One, four, and eight months after completion of the training, the trial nurse will contact the patient by phone, to reinforce self‐management skills. Trial nurse act as case‐managers throughout the study. CONDITION: COPD anxiety chronic heart failure depression diabetes mellitus I diabetes mellitus II ischaemic heart disease PRIMARY OUTCOME: Number of COPD exacerbation days measured by daily symptom diary. ; ; The start of the exacerbation will be defined as a clear negative change from baseline in at least two major symptoms (sputum color, sputum production, breathlessness) or one major and one minor symptom (coughing, wheezing, fever) from baseline, for at least two consecutive days. The day that the exacerbation is resolved will be defined as the first day of: 1) three successive days that the patient has returned to his normal health state; or 2) seven consecutive days on which patients continuously report no or only a slight increase in ; symptoms compared to baseline, with no fever or change in sputum colour. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Adherence of patients with the self‐treatment protocol will be retrospectively determined from the daily diary (number of days between start of exacerbation/flare‐up of comorbidity and the initiation of the required action). Adverse events (e.g. Deaths). An external Data and Safety Monitoring Board will be asked to assess adverse events ; each 6 months. Anxiety and depression symptoms (Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale; HADS); Confidence and competence: COPD self‐efficacy (COPD Self‐Efficacy Scale) and mastery domain of the CRQ. The COPD Self‐Efficacy scale measures patient confidence regarding their ability to avoid breathing difficulty while participating in certain activities. The mastery domain of the CRQ measures the feeling of control one has over the disease and its effects. Cost data: intervention, health care interactions, travel, costs of usual care. ). ; ; Australia: Incremental costs of all Australian patients will be estimated by applying Australian Refined Diagnosis Related Groups (AR‐DRG) cost weights, Medicare Benefits Schedule (MBS) and PBS schedule prices and charges for staff time, consumable and overheads current at time of analysis. ; ; ; Australia: data on the frequency and duration of hospital emergency department, in‐patient admissions and out‐patient activity will be obtained from medical records, and PBS and MBS utilisation data will be sought from Medicare to evaluate cost‐effectiveness (following patient or proxy consent). ; ; Netherlands: Data regarding health care resource use (e.g. out‐patient visits, hospitalisations and GP visits) will be retrospectively collected for all patients using the hospital and GP databases. Medication details for all patients will be retrospectively collected from the pharmacists. Resource use will be multiplied by unit prices. Medication costs will be based on market prices. Dyspnoe (mMRC dyspnoea scale) Exacerbation severity of COPD and chronic heart failure (daily symptom diary): number of symptom‐based exacerbations, severity of symptom scores; number of chronic heart failure exacerbation days. Fatigue (Identity‐Consequences Fatigue Scale) Health care utilisations for COPD, all cause respiratory, cardiac and diabetes: GP visits, specialist consultations and other services, number of hospitalizations, number of in‐hospital days, number of emergency hospital presentations, number of days spent in intensive care facility. ; Netherlands: For economic analysis, data regarding health care resource use (e.g. out‐patient visits, hospitalisations and GP visits) will be retrospectively collected for all patients using the hospital and GP databases. Medication details for all patients will be retrospectively collected from the pharmacists. Health‐related Quality of Life (Chronic Respiratory Questionnaire; CRQ) Health‐related quality of life (EuroQol 5D); Satisfaction and confidence of health care providers (case‐managers, nurse practitioners, physicians, and GPs) regarding self‐treatment will be evaluated using semi‐structured one on one interviews. Patients satisfaction and confidence will be evaluated using focus groups. Spirometry (FEV1, FEV6, FVC) INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) a clinical diagnosis of COPD according to the GOLD criteria; 2) >= 1 diagnostic comorbidity: ischaemic heart disease (history of myocardial infarction, angina pectoris); heart failure (defined according to the ESC guidelines; diabetes (stable type 1 or 2); or active symptoms of depression and/or anxiety (using cut‐off scores from the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS); 3) >= 3 exacerbations, defined as respiratory problems that required a course of oral corticosteroids / antibiotics in the two years preceding study entry; and/or >= 1 hospitalisation for respiratory problems in the two years preceding study entry; and/or Modified MRC (mMRC) score of 3 or 4; 4) >= 40 years of age; 5) stable at the time of inclusion (at least 6 weeks post‐hospitalisation or post‐rehabilitation); 6) FEV1 < 80% of the predicted value and FEV1/FVC<0.70; 7) able to understand and read the English or Dutch language; 8) written informed consent from the subject prior to particip
An investigation into the effect of neuromuscular electrical stimulation (NMES) and pulmonary rehabilitation in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD); INTERVENTION: The study design will be a single blind randomised controlled study in which the patients will be randomised to one of two groups: 1. Pulmonary rehabilitation plus NMES 2. Pulmonary rehabilitation plus sham NMES Patients will each be given an identical NMES device and therefore will not be aware which study group they are in. COPD patients will be recruited from those attending for the 8‐week pulmonary rehabilitation (PR) programme at the Lung Investigation Unit, Queen Elizabeth Hospital, University Hospital Trust, Birmingham. Following recruitment and consent patients will undergo a baseline evaluation prior to the exercise training programme that will be repeated at the end of the 8‐week training regime. The assessment pre‐ and post‐pulmonary rehabilitation will require patients to attend the hospital for three visits at each time point in order to complete the baseline and outcome measurements (N.B. patients already undergo two assessment visits at the start and end of the current pulmonary rehabilitation programme, thus participation in the research study will only require them to attend the laboratory for one extra visit at the start and end of the programme). Patients will also be assessed on these occasions as to whether they require additional educational support with regard to medication, inhaler technique, dietary advice and social support. Those measurements highlighted with an asterisk indicate those that are not part of the current protocol for patients undergoing assessment for pulmonary rehabilitation. Assessment Day 1: 1. Anthropometric measurements (weight, height) 2. Peak oxygen uptake 3. Endurance exercise capacity 4. Health status (36‐item short form health survey [SF36], Chronic Respiratory Disease Questionnaire [CRQ], MRC scale* and Hospital Anxiety and Depression [HAD]* questionnaires) 5. Habitual activity (patients will be issued with an activity monitor for use at home) Assessment Day 2: 1. Lung function 2. Body composition (skin fold thi CONDITION: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) ; Respiratory ; Other chronic obstructive pulmonary disease PRIMARY OUTCOME: Improvement in exercise tolerance assessed by the Incremental Shuttle Walking Test. This will be assessed by comparing the magnitude of the improvement in walking distance between patients randomised to receive pulmonary rehabilitation alone and those receiving pulmonary rehabilitation plus NMES. SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1. Changes in peak oxygen uptake; 2. Changes in endurance exercise performance; 3. Changes in health status; 4. Changes in muscle function; 5. Changes in calf muscle blood flow capacity; ; All these will be assessed in terms of firstly, whether there has been an overall improvement in the function in each group and secondly, whether there is a statistically significant difference in the magnitude of the improvement between patients receiving pulmonary rehabilitation alone and those receiving pulmonary rehabilitation plus NMES. INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Diagnosis of COPD 2. Declining functional capacity (Medical Research Council [MRC] grade 3 and above) 3. On optimal pharmacological treatment 4. Clinical stable (no exacerbation within 4 weeks of initial assessment and not taking antibiotics/oral steroids for an acute infection) 5. Smokers will be included 6. Patients receiving long‐term oxygen therapy (LTOT) will be included 7. Evidence of nutritional depletion ‐ body weight less than 90% of ideal body weight (IBW) and/or fat‐free mass (FFM) less than 69% IBW (males) and 67% IBW (females) 8. Evidence of peripheral muscle weakness (quadriceps force less than 80% predicted and/or hand grip strength less than 80% predicted)
Thirteen-year prospective study between fish consumption, long-chain N-3 fatty acids intakes and cognitive function; OBJECTIVES: Because of their structural, anti‐inflammatory and antithrombic properties, long‐chain n‐3 fatty acids may be key factors in the aging process. We sought to elucidate the association between intake of long‐chain n‐3 fatty acids and/or fish and cognitive function evaluated 13 years after dietary assessment. DESIGN: Prospective population‐based study. PARTICIPANTS/SETTING: 3,294 adults from the SU.VI.MAX study (Supplementation with Antioxidant Vitamins and Minerals study). MEASUREMENTS/STATISTICAL ANALYSIS: Subjects underwent a standardized clinical examination which included cognitive tests and self‐reported cognitive difficulties scale (2007‐2009). Poor scores were defined using percentiles as cut‐off. Dietary data were assessed through repeated 24‐h dietary records. Odd ratio (OR), comparing the fourth (Q4) to the first quartile (Q1), of having a poor score were calculated using adjusted logistic regression. RESULTS: Self‐reported cognitive difficulties were less frequent among subjects with higher intakes of total n‐3 long chain fatty acids (OR = 0.72, CI 95%=0.56‐0.92) and eicosapentaenoic acid (OR Q4 versus Q1 = 0.74, CI 95%=0.58‐0.95), even after adjustment for depressive symptoms. A borderline significant association was also found with high fish consumption (OR Q4 versus Q1 = 0.80, CI 95%=0.63‐1.01). CONCLUSION: Cognitive complaints, which may be an early indicator of cognitive decline, are less frequent among the elderly who have a high long‐chain n‐3 acids intake, as assessed 13 years earlier.
Variations in circulating cytokine levels during 52 week course of treatment with SSRI for major depressive disorder; Major depressive disorder (MDD) is a psychiatric condition characterized by hypercortisolism and variations in circulatory cytokines. Previously it has been reported that administration of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRI) in MDD patients modify cortisol and cytokine levels but these studies only evaluated changes over a short time period. This work reports the long‐term effects of administration of SSRI on the cortisol levels and pro‐/anti‐inflammatory cytokine profile in a group of MDD patients treated for 52 weeks. A total of 31 patients diagnosed with MDD received anti depressant treatment with SSRI. HDRS and BDI were administered over a year, and levels of interleukin IL‐1beta, IL‐10, IL‐2, IFN‐gamma, IL‐4, IL‐13, and 24‐h urine cortisol were determined at weeks (W) 0, 5, 20, 36 and 52 of treatment. Before treatment we found high levels of cortisol, IL‐4, IL‐13 (Th2) and IL‐10 in MDD patients when compared with healthy volunteers. At W20 psychiatric scales indicated a remission of the depressive episode concomitantly with increments in IL‐2 and IL‐1beta but without changes in cortisol. Towards the end of the treatment (W52) we observed a significant reduction (p<0.01) in cortisol levels, with an increment in IL‐1beta and IFN‐gamma and a decrease in Th2 cytokines. Our results suggest that depressed patients only reach a partial reestablishment of HPA axis function after the long‐term administration of SSRI.
2013 ACR/ARHP Annual Meeting Late-Breaking Abstracts; The proceedings contain 20 papers. The topics discussed include: efficacy and safety of CT‐P13 (infliximab biosimilar) over two years in patients with rheumatoid arthritis: comparison between continued CT‐P13 and switching from infliximab to CT‐P13; proteome‐wide analysis and CXCL4 as a pathogenic biomarker in systemic sclerosis; a phase 2b, 12‐week study of VX‐509, an oral selective Janus kinase 3 inhibitor, in combination with background methotrexate in rheumatoid arthritis; apremilast in the treatment of DMARD‐naïve psoriatic arthritis patients: results of a phase 3 randomized, controlled trial (PALACE 4); improvement in high density lipoprotein function in early rheumatoid arthritis patients treated with methotrexate monotherapy or combination therapy in the treatment of early rheumatoid arthritis trial; and efficacy and safety of pregabalin in patients with fibromyalgia and co‐morbid depression receiving concurrent antidepressant therapy: a randomized, 2‐way crossover, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled study.
Managing psychiatric disorders with antidiabetic agents: translational research and treatment opportunities; The objective of this paper is to synthesise extant studies describing the neurotherapeutic effects of antidiabetic agents in neuropsychiatric disorders. The authors conducted a MedLine search of all English‐language articles published between 1966 and March 2006. The search terms were the nonproprietary names of established and putative antidiabetic agents (e.g., insulin, insulin secretagogues and sensitisers) cross‐referenced with the individual names of Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM)‐III‐R/IV/‐TR‐defined mood, psychotic, anxiety and dementing disorders. The search was augmented with a manual review of article reference lists. Contemporary models of disease pathophysiology in major depressive disorder, bipolar disorder and several dementing disorders (e.g., Alzheimer's disease) emphasise alterations in cellular plasticity and cytoarchitecture, with associated regional abnormalities in neuronal and glial density and morphology. Antidiabetic treatments (e.g., thiazolidinediones) may be capable of attenuating this pathological process via disparate mechanisms (e.g., neuroprotective, neurotrophic, anti‐inflammatory). Enhanced insulin signalling with antidiabetic treatments may preserve and/or augment cognitive function in several neuropsychiatric disorders. Antidiabetic treatments, which maintain euglycaemia, hold promise as potent and clinically significant therapeutic interventions for several neuropsychiatric disorders.
AntiInflammatory effect of Sertraline in haemodialysis patients; INTERVENTION: Control group: Placebo 50 to 200 mg orally per day Intervention 1: Intervention group: sertraline 50 to 200mg orally per day. Intervention 2: Control group: Placebo 50 to 200 mg orally per day. Intervention group: sertraline 50 to 200mg orally per day Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: depression. ; Depressive episode Depressive episode PRIMARY OUTCOME: Depression. Timepoint: Baseline, 6 and 12 weeks after. Method of measurement: Beck Depression Inventory (BDI). SECONDARY OUTCOME: Inflammation stutus. Timepoint: Baseline, 6 and 12 weeks after. Method of measurement: Inflammatory Cytokines (TNF‐a, IL‐6, IL‐10, hs‐CRP). INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1‐ Age between 18 to 80 years; 2‐ start to Haemodialysis of at least 3 months duration; 3‐ Receiving maintenance haemodialysis, 4 hour three times per week via a low flux polysulphone dialyser using bicarbonate dialysis fluid; 4‐ presence of depression based on Beck Depression Inventory (BDI). Exclusion criteria : 1‐ Patients with major acute infections, autoimmune disease, cancer, severe mental illness, cognitive dysfunction; 2‐ taking immunosuppressive agents like corticoestroieds for at least 1 month; 3‐ taking antiinflammatory drugs such as NSAIDs 3‐Current use of an antidepressant medication; 4‐Intolerance of Sertraline adverse effects.
Effect of home-based quadriceps muscle strengthening and range of motion exercises for knee osteoarthritis, A randomized controlled trial ; motor function in lower extrimities, ADL and mental state; INTERVENTION: NS:Non‐steriodal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) celecoxib, 200mg/day for 12 weeks HA:intra‐articular injecion of hyaluronate acid high molecular weight 2700kDa HA, 5 times with one week interval EX:daily exercise NS+HA::Non‐steriodal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) and intra‐articular injecion of hyaluronate acid CONDITION: osteoarthritis of knee PRIMARY OUTCOME: 1) Japanse Knee Osteoarthritis Measure: JKOM ; ; 2) measurement of values of blood count, ESR, hs‐CRP, HA, IL‐6, IL1ra ; ; 3)Self‐rating Depression Scale:SDS; ; 4)Timed Up and Go Test, Timed one foot standing test INCLUSION CRITERIA: patients with osteoarthritis of the knee (Kellgren/Lawrence stage II III IV )
Evaluation of Ankylosing Spondylitis Quality of Life questionnaire: responsiveness of a new patient-reported outcome measure; OBJECTIVE: To determine the responsiveness and minimal important change (MIC) of Evaluation of Ankylosing Spondylitis Quality of Life (EASi‐QoL), a reliable and valid patient‐reported measure of AS‐specific quality of life with four domains: physical function (PF), disease activity (DA), emotional well‐being (EWB) and social participation (SP). METHODS: A total of 1000 UK AS patients received a postal questionnaire including EASi‐QoL. Comparative responsiveness of EASi‐QoL was assessed against measures reflecting similar health domains in patients self‐reporting an improvement in their AS‐specific health at 6 months on a health transition question. Effect size (ES) statistics were calculated for all measures and MIC was determined for EASi‐QoL. Comparative responsiveness was determined in a randomized trial of AS patients receiving etanercept (ETN) 50 mg weekly or SSZ 3 g daily. RESULTS: Of 470 patients, 80 responding at 6 months reported health improvement. Responsiveness (ES) for EASi‐QoL domains was superior or similar to comparator measures: DA 0.72 vs BASDAI 0.58; SP 0.52 vs SF‐36 social functioning 0.29; PF 0.32 vs BASFI 0.28 and SF‐36 PF 0.24; EWB 0.40 vs HADS‐anxiety 0.13, HADS‐depression 0.21 and SF‐36 mental health 0.35. ES for the ASQoL was 0.40. Superior ES was seen in those improving somewhat. In the randomized trial, all EASi‐QoL domains had superior responsiveness to comparator measures following ETN treatment. Following SSZ treatment, all EASi‐QoL domains were highly responsive, but BASDAI and BASFI was more responsive than EASi‐QoL(DA) and (PF), respectively. CONCLUSION: In patients reporting improvement during routine clinical practice or following treatment with ETN or SSZ, EASi‐QoL domains have superior or comparable responsiveness than comparable measures.
Does a Single Intravenous Dose of Ketamine Reduce the Need for Supplemental Opioids in Post-Cesarean Section Patients?; Eligible women for elective cesarean section admitted to the Labor and Delivery Unit of Prentice Women's Hospital will be approached for study participation immediately after the routine preanesthetic evaluation. This occurs shortly after admission to the Labor and Delivery Unit. Women who agree to participate will give written, informed consent at this time. Subjects will be prepared preoperatively in the usual fashion with intravenous (IV) access, aspiration prophylaxis and intraoperative monitoring. Preincision antibiotics will be given and uterotonic medications will be used as per usual practice after delivery. The anesthesiologist will perform a spinal anesthetic per routine with the subject in the sitting position using sterile technique at the L3‐4 interspace (± one vertebral interspace). The spinal anesthetic will consist of 12 mg of hyperbaric bupivacaine + 15 μg fentanyl + 150 μg of morphine. The subject will be placed supine with left lateral tilt to alleviate aortocaval compression. Cesarean section will commence after adequate anesthesia is assured to a T4 sensory level to pinprick. Vasopressors and IV fluids will be administered at the anesthesiologist's discretion per usual practice. At the time of delivery, subjects will be randomized to one of two groups using a computer generated random number table. Randomization will be blocked based on whether the cesarean procedure is a primary or a repeat procedure. Randomization assignments will be kept in sequentially numbered opaque envelopes. The envelope will be opened by a research nurse who will prepare a 20 mL syringe labeled "study drug". The syringe will be given to the anesthesiologist blinded to the treatment group who will subsequently administer the study drug. Subjects randomized to the treatment group will receive ketamine 10 mg (ketamine 10 mg/mL) diluted to 20 mL with 0.9% preservative free saline. Subjects randomized to the placebo group will receive 20 mL preservative free saline. The study drug will be administered into the intravenous line via an infusion pump over 10 minutes. Five minutes after placebo or drug administration, the anesthesiologist will ask the subject if she has nausea, vomiting and pruritus. Nausea and pruritus will be graded as none, mild, moderate or severe; and vomiting as present or absent. Any spontaneous complaints of psychedelic effects will be noted at this time. Sedation will be assessed via the Richmond agitation‐sedation scale (RASS [see Appendix 1]). Upon completion of the cesarean section, the subject will be transported to the post anesthesia recovery unit. Patients will receive ketorolac 30 mg every 6 hours time 4 doses beginning shortly after admission to the PACU. At 1 h, 4 h, 8 h, 12 h and at 24 h after administration of the study drug, the subject's pain will be assessed using the numeric rating scale for pain NRS 0‐10 (see Appendix 2). Patients may request rescue analgesia if they are experiencing discomfort. The time of first rescue analgesia request will be noted, and the NRS will be determined at the time of request for rescue analgesia. Rescue medication will consist of hydrocodone 10 mg plus acetaminophen 325 mg per os. An additional dose of hydrocodone 10 mg plus acetaminophen 325 mg will be provided after 1 hour if the pain is not relieved to the subject's satisfaction. These are routine oral analgesic medications for postoperative cesarean delivery analgesia. Standard orders will be written for monitoring sedation and respiratory rate, and treatment of side effects (nausea, vomiting, pruritus and respiratory depression). The total amount of rescue medication will be determined for each subject after 24, 48 and 72 hours. The presence of nausea, vomiting, and pruritus will be assessed at the same time intervals as the NRS for pain: 1 h, 4 h, 8 h, 12 h and 24 h after IV infusion of ketamine or placebo. The subjective psychedelic effects of ketamine and morphine will be assessed using a set of true/false questions from the LSD and morphine short form of the Addiction Research Center Inventory, ARCI (Appendix 3). These questions will be administered verbally by the anesthesiologist or researcher blinded to the treatment group upon admission to the PACU and at 4 h. The following data will be collected in addition to the primary and secondary outcome data: maternal age, height, weight, prepregnancy weight, gestational age and IV fluids administered during cesarean section. In addition, all intraoperative and postoperative medications will be recorded, including those administered for the treatment of side effects listed above. Protocol specific analgesia assessment ends 24 hours after administration of the study drug. At 72 hours the subject will be asked about her satisfaction with postoperative analgesia (100 mm scale, 0 mm = not satisfied at all, 100 mm = very satisfied). One telephone follow‐up evaluation 2 weeks after delivery will again, assess for satisfaction with analgesia and average pain (NRS) since the procedure.
N-Acetyl Cysteine and Aspirin as an Adjunctive Treatment for Bipolar Disorder; We propose to conduct a double‐blind placebo‐controlled trial with a widely available and prototypical non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory agent, aspirin, and an antioxidant agent, NAC, involving symptomatic Bipolar Disorder type I and II patients having a depressive or mixed episode currently. This will be the first controlled study to test the hypothesis that aspirin and NAC, by themselves or in combination, will be beneficial in treating depression in bipolar disorder patients and in promoting mood stabilization. Our study has the following Aims: Aim I ‐ Examine efficacy of aspirin in treating depression in bipolar patients in a double‐blind placebo‐controlled add‐on design; Aim II ‐ Examine efficacy of NAC in treating depression in bipolar patients in a double‐blind placebo‐controlled add‐on design; Aim III ‐ Examine efficacy of combined treatment with aspirin and NAC looking for synergistic, potentiating effects; Aim IV ‐ Examine the role of markers of neuroinflammation, as possible mediators or modulators in therapeutic response in the treatment of depression in patients with Bipolar Disorder.
Studies with aspirin: psychopharmacologic and methodologic considerations; The comparative tranquilizing effects of aspirin, a compound containing acetylsalicylic acid, phenacetin, and caffeine, mephenoxalone, and a placebo were measured in 20 male volunteer subjects with the Discomfort and Clyde Mood selfâ € rating scales. A Latinâ € square design was followed with each subject regulating the daily dose of medication according to his subjective reaction. Each subject took each compound during consecutive 2 week periods. These data were subjected to a complex analysiS of variance. Significant mean differences were found for the fearfulness and depression scales. Individual subjects responded differently to each medication but APC was significantly the most effective compound in reducing feelings of depression and fearfulness. Some pitfalls in using the Latinâ € square and crossover designs in psychopharmacologic research are discussed.
COX-2 inhibitor enhances the efficacy of peginterferonalfa 2a and ribavirin combination therapy for chronic hepatitis C; [Background & Aim] We previously demonstrated that concomitant administration of meloxicam, a COX‐2 specific nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drug, prevented dose reduction of peginterferon (PEG‐IFN) by relieving a decline of neutrophil count and raised SVR rate in the treatment of chronic hepatitis C (Hepatol Res 2008; 38: 259). In order to confirm this observation, we conducted a randomized trial. [Patients & Methods] The enrollment criteria were (1) genotype 1, (2) serum HCVRNA level ≥100,000 IU/ml, (3) neutrophil count >1,500/μl, (4) platelet count >90,000/μl, (5) hemoglobin >12 g/dl, and (6) no previous PEG‐IFN/ribavirin (RBV) treatment. Patients were randomly assigned to the meloxicam (M) group and the control (C) group after stratified by neutrophil count. Patients were given weekly administration of PEG‐IFN alfa‐2a (180 μg) and weight‐based RBV for 48 weeks. Patients of M group were given meloxicam orally at a dose of 10 mg once a day for 8 weeks since treatment started. Patients were not allowed to receive G‐CSF. [Results] A total of 60 patients were enrolled, of which intension‐to‐treat (ITT) analysis was performed for 59 patients, as one patient did not receive any study drugs. Pretreatment characteristics were similar between groups. The rate of patients negative for HCV‐RNA at week 12 was 66.7% (20/30) and 48.3% (14/29) in M and C group, respectively. The SVR rate was marginally higher in M group: 63.3% (19/30) in M group vs. 37.9% (11/29) in C group (P=0.07) by ITT analysis, and 76% (19/25) in M group vs. 44 % (11/25) in C group (P=0.04) by per protocol analysis. Relapse rate was lower in M group (17.4% vs. 47.6%). Any adverse effects of meloxicam were not observed. Six patients (3 in each group) discontinued treatment due to general fatigue (n=4), depression (n=1), and thrombocytopenia (n=1). The rate of patients who required dose reduction of PEG‐IFN or RBV was not different: 10 patients (33.3%) in M group and 12 patients (41.4%) in C group. The decline of neutrophil count during treatment was significantly smaller in M group (55.1%) than in C group (62.3%) (P<0.05). Meloxicam did not affect the progression of anemia and thrombocytopenia. [Conclusions] Concomitant administration of a COX‐2 inhibitor, meloxicam, relieved a decline of neutrophil count and enhanced the efficacy of PEG‐IFN/RBV therapy for genotype 1 chronic hepatitis C. Although further study is required to elucidate the underlying mechanisms, the addition of COX‐2 inhibitors might augment the efficacy of anti‐HCV treatment.
Micronutrient Supplemented Probiotic Yogurt for HIV/AIDS and Other Immunodeficiencies; Drs. Reid and Hekmat have recently developed a fermented milk product (yogurt) containing Lactobacillus GR‐1 and RC‐14 and concluded that such dairy products are suitable vehicles for these beneficial microorganisms [Hekmat, S. & Reid, G. 2006]. The strains Lactobacillus rhamnosus GR‐1 and Lactobacillus reuteri RC‐14 have a proven efficacy to treat and protect against gastrointestinal and urogenital infections [Anukam, K. et. al. 2006; 2007]. In one study, the supplementation of yogurt with these probiotics was shown to eradicate diahrea and increase the CD4 T‐lymphocyte counts in HIV subjects [Anukam, K. et.al. 2006]. HIV infected subjects often suffer diarrheal episodes, and consequently experience malabsorption of certain nutrients [Cunningham‐Rundles, 2000]. A study conducted by Cunningham et. al [2000] found that probiotic Lactobacillus plantarum 299 had a positive impact on the immunity of 10/17 children and on the growth of all of the children who were HIV‐positive. It is estimated that 75 percent of immune function is localized in the gastrointestinal tract, which may explain why oral administration of probiotics is an excellent tool for immunomodulation [Olah, A. et. al. 2002]. In a study of 45 patients with acute pancreatitis, 22 were given probiotic Lactobacillus plantarum 299 and 10g of oat fibre with regular enteral nutrition; and 23 were given a placebo in the form of regular enteral nutrition. Significantly fewer (n=1 versus n=7) patients in the probiotic/fibre group experienced septic complications requiring surgery, highlighting the safety and potential hospitalized benefits that could be accrued for critical care nutrition. A study has recently shown in 40 HIV‐infected patients taking a stavudine and/or didanosine‐based HAART regimen plus micronutrients twice daily for twelve weeks, that the absolute CD4 count increased by an average of 24% versus 0% in the placebo group (p=0.01). The mean HIV‐1 RNA decreased in the micronutrient supplementation group [Kaiser, et.al. 2006]. This is significant for the HIV/AIDS pandemic in Africa and for the many people in Canada living with HIV/AIDS. In addition, this may be related to other immunodeficiencies in hospitalized patients from chemotherapeutic and radiological treatments, organ transplantation, controlling diabetes, and other chronic ailments. Clinical malnutrition is a heterogenous group of disorders including macronutrient deficiencies that lead to body cell mass depletion and micronutrient deficiencies, and these often coexist with infectious and inflammatory processes [Hughes,S. & Kelly, P. 2006]. Diverse factors affect bioavailability, such as the nutritional status of individuals, the presence in the diet of substances which facilitate or inhibit its absorption, interactions among micronutrients, illnesses, and chemical characteristics of the compound used for fortification. There is good evidence that specific micronutrients, particularly zinc and vitamin A, influence immunity, while iron supplementation is often not effective in Africa [Hughes, S. & Kelly, P. 2006]. The present project is an important step in developing new yogurts, supplemented with micronutrients and probiotic lactobacilli for malnourished children, adults, and seniors in Canada, as well as surgical, transplant, and hospitalized patients, and HIV/AIDS subjects in Canada and in Africa. The following formulations will be used to supplement the yogurt: More than 20% of older adults may have marginal or frank vitamin B12 deficiency [Park, et.al. 2006], while folic acid is often deficient in children and reproductive aged females. Glutamine, arginine, fatty acids, and vitamin E provide additional benefits to immunocompromised persons or patients who suffer from various infections, while long‐chain polyunsaturated n‐3 fatty acids, vitamin E, vitamin C, selenium, and nucleotides can modulate immunity to fight infection [Field, et.al. 2002]. In order to produce energy, the use of glucose by nervous tissue requires vitamin B1; this vitamin modulates cognitive performance, especially in the elderly. Vitamin B9 preserves brain during its development and memory during ageing. Vitamin B6 is likely to benefit in treating premenstrual depression. Vitamins B6 and B12, among others, are directly involved in the synthesis of some neurotransmitters [Bourre, JM. 2006]. Thus, three formulations added to L. rhamnosus GR‐2 supplemented yogurt, will be tested at the Brescia College Tasting Centre where volunteers will score the products for taste and texture [Hekmat, S. & Reid, G. 2006] 1. The Kaiser micronutrient formula [14]: N‐Acetyl cysteine (NAC) 300 mg, Acetyl L‐carnitine 250 mg, Magnesium 92.5 mg, Alpha lipoic Acid 100 mg, Selenium 13.8 µg, Beta carotene + Vitamin A 5666 IU, Zinc 2.4 mg, Vitamin C 21 mg, Copper 0.225 mg, Vitamin B1 0.3 mg, Boron 0.5 mg, Vitamin B2 0.3 mg, Potassium 1200 mg, Pantothenic acid 1.3 mg, Iron 3.3 mg, Niacinamide 3.8 mg, Manganese 0.5 mg, Inositol 15 mg, Biotin 7.5 µg, Vitamin B6 0.3 mg, Chromium 7.5 µg, Vitamin B12 0.6 µg, Molybdenum 11.3 µg, Vitamin D 52 IU, Choline 121.9 mg, Vitamin E 5.7 IU, Bioflavonoid complex 75 mg, Folic acid 100 µg, L‐Glutamine 25 mg, Betaine HCL 37.5 mg; 2. A multi‐component formula containing zinc 30mg, vitamins A + beta carotene 5666 IU , C 21mg and E 5.7 IU, selenium 13.8µg, iron 3.3mg, folic acid 100µg, vitamin B12 0.6 µg, vitamin B6 0.3 mg, vitamin B1 0.3mg 3. A basic supplement containing zinc 30mg, vitamins A 666 IU, vitamin C 21mg and E 5.7 IU, and folic acid 100µg and 16 mg docosahexaenoic acid (DHA‐Omega 3 Fatty Acid) and 24mg eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA‐Omega 3 Fatty Acid) [Austin, J. et.al 2006 & Alan DD, et.al 2006]. Thirty test subjects will be recruited during the first four months of the study, for inclusion in a trial starting at the 4‐6 month time‐point, with completion by 10‐12 months. A crossover study will be performed in London in which 10 HIV positive volunteers with CD4 counts between 200 and 400 on their standard treatment (including Highly Active Antiretroviral Therapy), and 10 subjects with Cancer who are in the recovery stages and not currently receiving chemotherapy or radiation therapy, and 10 healthy adults (aged 18‐30) will randomly be assigned to receive one cup of Yogurts 1, 2 or 3 and a control unsupplemented yogurt 4, daily for one month, followed by a two week washout where no yogurt will be consumed, then one month on the second yogurt, two weeks off etc for 162 days. Subjects will not be receiving antibiotics, not have any mental illness that would affect compliance, or not be requiring surgery during the study. No restrictions will be placed on subjects continuing prescribed or other remedies, but none will consume any other probiotic product during the study. The volunteers will be gender matched and a randomization scheme will ensure that subjects are blinded and different yogurts are distributed at each time (thus, for example two subjects will receive yogurt 1, two yogurt 2, three yogurt 3 and three yogurt 4 on day sample day one). The two week washout period will be used, as probiotic organisms do not persist for longer than that. Various measurements will be taken on the day of consuming the first and last batches of yogurt (days 0, 30, 44, 74, 88, 118, 132, 162). These will include weight, height, and from blood samples the CD4 count, CBC, levels of TNFα, IL‐12, IL‐10 and G‐CSF [Kim, et.al. 2006], liver function test (AST, ALT), serum albumin, total protein, blood urea, serum zinc levels, serum selenium levels and HIV‐1 RNA. A linear analogue self‐assessment tool will be used to assess the subject's energy levels, daily activities and overall quality of life [Kaiser, et.al. 2006].
Effects of specific inhibition of cyclooxygenase-2 on sodium balance, hemodynamics, and vasoactive eicosanoids; Conventional nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs inhibit both cyclooxygenase (Cox) isoforms (Cox‐1 and Cox‐2) and may be associated with nephrotoxicity. The present study was undertaken to assess the renal effects of the specific Cox‐2 inhibitor, MK‐966. Healthy older adults (n = 36) were admitted to a clinical research unit, placed on a fixed sodium intake, and randomized under double‐blind conditions to receive the specific Cox‐2 inhibitor, MK‐966 (50 mg every day), a nonspecific Cox‐1/Cox‐2 inhibitor, indomethacin (50 mg t.i.d.), or placebo for 2 weeks. All treatments were well tolerated. Both active regimens were associated with a transient but significant decline in urinary sodium excretion during the first 72 h of treatment. Blood pressure and body weight did not change significantly in any group. The glomerular filtration rate (GFR) was decreased by indomethacin but was not changed significantly by MK‐966 treatment. Thromboxane biosynthesis by platelets was inhibited by indomethacin only. The urinary excretion of the prostacyclin metabolite 2,3‐dinor‐6‐keto prostaglandin F1alpha was decreased by both MK‐966 and indomethacin and was unchanged by placebo. Cox‐2 may play a role in the systemic biosynthesis of prostacyclin in healthy humans. Selective inhibition of Cox‐2 by MK‐966 caused a clinically insignificant and transient retention of sodium, but no depression of GFR. Inhibition of both Cox isoforms by indomethacin caused transient sodium retention and a decline in GFR. Our data suggest that acute sodium retention by nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs in healthy elderly subjects is mediated by the inhibition of Cox‐2, whereas depression of GFR is due to inhibition of Cox‐1.
Effectiveness of a back school program in low back pain; OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the effectiveness of a back school program in pain, functional status, quality of life, and in anxiety and depression in patients with non‐specific low back pain. METHODS: Sixty patients with low back pain were randomized to an intervention and control group. The intervention group underwent a five‐weekly back school program. The control group was seen in weekly medical visits, without educative approaches. Both groups took acetaminophen as analgesic medication. All subjects were evaluated by a blind physiotherapist after randomization, 30, 60 and 120 days. Rolland‐Morris, SF‐36, STAI and Beck questionnaires, pain visual analogical scale and Schober's test were applied. Non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAID) consumption was considered co‐intervention. The statistical analyses were performed using Pearson's Chi‐Square analysis and Student's t‐test to compare the baseline characteristics of the groups and the analysis of variance (ANOVA) with repeated measures to assess changes inter/intra groups. RESULTS: There were no significant differences in the baseline characteristics between the two groups. Fifty‐five patients completed the study. The intervention group showed a significant improvement in the general health domain, assessed by SF‐36, and also in the reduction of acetaminophen and NSAID intake. There was no significant difference between the groups in pain, functional status, anxiety or depression. CONCLUSION: The back school program was more effective than any educational intervention in general health status and in decreasing acetaminophen and NSAID intake. It was ineffective in the other quality of life domains, in pain, functional status, anxiety and depression.
Self monitoring of methotrexate by patients with arthritis; INTERVENTION: 1. Demorgaphics (age, gender, living status, ethnicity) and clinical data (date of diagnosis, methotrexate start date, number of previous disease modifying anti‐rheumatic drugs) will be collected at baseline 2. Participants will be randomised to one of two groups: 2.1. Intervention group: 2.1.1. The 2 hour self‐monitoring training session will present the rationale of self‐monitoring, an overview of the blood tests, physical symptoms and side‐effects requiring monitoring for people taking methotrexate and a self‐injected anti‐TNF agent, training in how to identify normal or 'safe' ranges of blood levels, side effects and symptoms and decide, if any action is necessary 2.1.2. Intervention participants will monitor 6 consecutive blood tests which include markers of inflammation ‐ C‐reactive protein (CRP) and erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR), plus haemoglobin (Hb), white cell count (WCC) and liver function tests (ALP and ALT) 2.1.3. The first 3 blood tests will be monitored in collaboration with a member of the research team and the subsequent 3 independently 2.1.4. The information obtained will be used to initiate outpatient's appointments with a Rheumatology Nurse Specialist 2.2. Control group ‐ usual care CONDITION: Rheumatoid and psoriatic arthritis ; Musculoskeletal Diseases ; Rheumatoid arthritis PRIMARY OUTCOME: The self management role and responsibility subscale of the Medication Education Impact Questionnaire, measured at baseline and again after the 3rd and 6th blood tests. SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1. Impact of Methotrexate assessed by Medication Impact Questionnaire at baseline and after 3rd and 6th blood test; 2. Knowledge about Methotrexate assessed by Methotrexate in Rheumatoid Arthritis Knowledge at baseline and after 3rd and 6th blood test; 3. Impact of arthritis assessed by Health Education Impact Questionnaire at baseline and after 3rd and 6th blood test; 4. Mood, anxiety and depression assessed by Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS) at baseline and after 3rd and 6th blood test; 5. Beliefs about arthritis assessed by Illness Perceptions Questionnaire Revised at baseline and after 3rd and 6th blood test; 6. Social support at baseline and after 3rd and 6th blood test; 7. Generalised Self Efficacy at baseline and after 3rd and 6th blood test; 8. Beliefs about Methotrexate assessed by Beliefs about Medication Questionnaire at baseline and after 3rd and 6th blood test; 9. Healthcare utilisation assessed by Treatment Burden (1‐item measure) at baseline and after 3rd and 6th blood test; 10. Self‐reported adherence to Methotrexate Medication Adherence Report Scale at baseline and after 3rd and 6th blood test; 11. Functional disability assessed by Health Assessment Questionnaire‐II at baseline and after 3rd and 6th blood test; 12. Pain in last 2 weeks assessed by Pain Visual Analogue Scale (VAS) (0‐10) at baseline and after 3rd and 6th blood test; 13. Fatigue in last 2 weeks assessed by Fatigue VAS (0‐10) at baseline and after 3rd and 6th blood test; 14. Disease activity (RA & PsA) assessed by Disease Acitivity Score in Rheumatoid Arthirtis‐28 & Psoriatic Arthritis Response Criteria at baseline and after 6th blood test INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. All patients with a diagnosis of Rheumatoid or Psoriatic arthritis 2. Aged 18 years or over 3. Fluency in written and spoken English 4. Patients whose treatment is classified as stable defined as those who have had disease management with methotrexate for at least 6 months, plus a further 6 months if the patient is receiving a self‐injected anti‐TNF agent (Adaliumab or Etanercept)
Study Assessing the Efficacy of Etoricoxib in Female Patients With Fibromyalgia; The fibromyalgia syndrome (FMS) is an ill‐defined clinical disorder characterized by widespread pain and diffuse tenderness which is assessed at specified anatomical locations. The FMS is 10 times more common in females, and its prevalence in the community increases from two percent at age 20 to eight percent at age 70. Although the American College of Rheumatology (ACR) has defined classification criteria for the diagnosis of the FMS its' pathogenesis remains vague. Diffuse and persistent musculoskeletal pain, consistent with the mentioned ACR criteria have also been reported among patients with other ill defined medical conditions such as migraines, chronic fatigue pain, myofascial pain, irritable bowel syndrome which presentation often overlaps with the FMS. There are mounting data supporting an overlap between the FMS and psychiatric conditions including depression, panic disorders and anxiety. For example, a lifetime history of major depression has been reported in 50% to 70% of patients with FMS and current depression was detected in 18% to 36% of patients with the FMS. This association has been questioned raising the possibility that this high prevalence reflects the long term outcome of coping with chronic disabling pain and disability. Anti‐depressants are the corner stone of therapy in FMS. Benzodiazepines and recent experience with melatonin has been implicated in order to alleviate sleep disturbances that are so often encountered among patients with this disorder. Nevertheless, patients with the FMS often need therapeutical medications in order to ease acute exacerbations of diffuse pain which are often provoked by mental or physical stressors. Non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), COX‐2‐selective agents and acetaminophen are often used by a large number of FMS patients seeking a relief of acute pain. However, numerous studies have failed to confirm their effectiveness as analgesics in FMS, although there is limited evidence that patients may experience enhanced analgesia when treated with combinations of NSAIDs and other agents. We believe that successful relief of diffuse pain may sever the bond tying pain and increased anxiety which is so characteristic in these patients. Furthermore, a clinical path that underlines the importance of pain relief may ensure the adherence and compliance that are needed to other elements of the therapeutical multidimensional approach in FMS and may be even improve psychiatric comorbidity that stem from the chronic non relenting pain. Hypothesis ‐ Adding etoricoxib, a COX‐2 selective inhibitor, to the therapeutic regimens of patients with the FMS may ease their degree of pain; improve measures of over all quality of life, disability, sleep, anxiety and depression. Objectives ‐ Organic, mental and functional aspects of the FMS will be assessed in patients treated with etoricoxib (as an "add on") compared to placebo. The protocol‐defined primary outcome measure will be pain severity as measured by the self‐reported BPI (short form) average pain severity score (15). Secondary endpoints will include tender point count, validated parameters that measure quality of life, quality of sleep, disability, pain, depression and anxiety and the fibromyalgia impact questionnaire (which measures physical function, pain assessment, fatigue and distress). The study will include eighty patients. A major factor limiting use of NSAIDs is concern for the development of gastrointestinal complications such as bleeding. COX‐2 selective inhibitors were developed to decrease the risk of gastrointestinal tract injury and to avoid the anti‐platelet effect of traditional NSAIDs. The recent MEDAL study has confirmed this finding by randomizing more than 30,000 patients to either etoricoxib or to the traditional NSAID diclofenate. Furthermore, the MEDAL investigators demonstrated similar cardiovascular outcome measures in both patient groups showing that the use of this has a similar cardiovascular safety profile as the traditional used NSAIDS. Using a safe analgesic with a low rate of adverse events in FMS patients, a population with enhanced somatoform ideation, is of great importance and may also insure the adherence to the other components of therapy.
University of Wisconsin Meditation & Exercise Cold Study; Acute respiratory infection (ARI), including common cold and influenza, is a leading cause of morbidity and mortality, and has a major economic impact. Both mental and physical health are linked to ARI burden. For example, people who report more negative emotion and higher stress are more likely to get ARI. Exercise affects the immune system, improves physical and mental health, and may protect against ARI illness. Mindfulness meditation reduces perceived stress, influences the immune system, and may protect against ARI. The investigators' own recent NCCAM‐funded trial randomized 154 people to 3 groups: 1) meditation, 2) moderate intensity exercise, or 3) wait‐list control. For the 149 people followed to study completion, there were 40 ARI episodes and 453 days of illness in the control group, 27 episodes and 257 days of ARI illness in the meditation group, and 26 episodes and 241 days of ARI illness in the exercise group. Corresponding reductions in ARI‐related work days lost to ARI illness were observed. The proposed research will build upon these findings with refined methodology in a larger sample to: A) determine whether these findings are replicable, and B) investigate potential explanatory pathways. This research will use state‐of‐the‐art randomized controlled trial (RCT) methodology to assess potential effects of meditation or exercise on ARI outcomes. This will be a 5‐year project, with 4 yearly cohorts of n=99 per cohort randomized into 3 groups of n=33 each. Assuming 9% loss to follow‐up, the final sample size will be n=360 study participants, with n=120 in each comparison group. Participants will be randomized to 1 of 3 groups: 1) an 8‐week training program in mindfulness meditation, 2) an attention, duration and location‐matched program in progressive exercise, or 3) a non‐interventional wait‐list control group. Each cohort will be observed for 8 months comprising the annual cold and flu season. Enrollment, randomization and study interventions will begin in September of each year. Participants will be monitored by weekly self‐report through May. Summers will be used for data cleaning, preliminary analyses, and for recruiting the next year's cohort. The primary goal of this project is to determine whether behavioral training in mindfulness meditation or moderate intensity sustained exercise can lead to reductions in acute respiratory infection (ARI) illness, such as common cold and influenza like illness. The primary outcome will be severity‐weighted total days of ARI illness (global severity), calculated as trapezoidal approximation to area under the time severity curve during ARI illness, with severity assessed once daily using self‐reports on the validated Wisconsin Upper Respiratory Symptom Survey (WURSS‐24). Computer‐assisted weekly monitoring will assure that ARI illness episodes are detected, and will serve to document secondary outcomes, including health care utilization and work or school absenteeism. Visits to health care facilities and time lost from work and school will be documented, then classified as ARI‐related (or not) by personnel blinded to allocation. Questionnaire measures assessing perceived stress, self‐efficacy, sleep quality, depression, and general mental and physical health will also be analyzed as secondary outcomes. Degree of stress reduction, mindfulness, positive and negative emotion, social support, self‐efficacy and sleep quality will be analyzed as potential mediators of effects of interventions on outcomes. A copy of the full protocol (including references) is available upon request. Laboratory assessed objective measures will primarily serve to corroborate self‐reports of disease severity, but will also be analyzed as potential mediators of effects of behavioral interventions on ARI illness incidence, duration, and severity. As potential mediators, pro‐inflammatory cytokines (CRP, IL‐6, IL‐8, IP‐10) will be assessed as change from baseline to one month after the 8 week behavioral interventions finish. These will serve as indicators of a pro‐inflammatory state. Repeating these assays 3 months later will assess whether pro‐inflammatory changes from baseline will be sustained. Cytokines from samples taken during ARI illness will be assessed as corroborating biomarkers of disease severity. Identification of viral agents using multiplex PCR will also serve to corroborate ARI self‐reports. Self‐report measures of perceived stress, positive and negative emotion, self‐efficacy, social support, sleep quality, mindfulness, and general mental and physical health will be used to assess potential pathways through which interventions may exert influence on primary outcomes. Potential mediating effects of psychological and physical health domains will be assessed using appropriate mediation (process) analysis statistical models. Primary efficacy analysis will contrast total days of illness and area‐under‐curve global severity in each intervention group with corresponding values in the control group. Unadjusted contrasts will be done by t‐test, using variable transformation if skewness requires. Adjusted analyses will be based on zero‐inflated regression models taking into account the episodic and variable nature of ARI illness. Zero‐inflated regression models incorporate a logistic sub‐model to account for people without ARI illness, and a linear sub‐model to account for the variability in continuous measures of severity and duration. These will employ conservative estimates with standard error inflated using Huber/White maximum likelihood estimation. Co‐variates to be controlled for in this model will include: age, sex, body mass index, smoking status, comorbidity, highest level of education achieved, neuroticism, conscientiousness, general physical health and general mental health. The null hypotheses of "no effect on primary outcome" will be rejected in favor of alternative hypothesis of "some effect" if p‐values are ≤0.025. Confidence intervals will be constructed for all outcome variables, allowing estimation of effect size. Zero‐inflated regression models for primary efficacy analyses will be done using M‐Plus version 6.1or similar software. This proposed study was submitted to and approved by the Human Subjects Committee of the Health Sciences Institutional Review Board of the University of Wisconsin ‐ Madison (UW HS‐IRB), and will be in compliance with HIPAA and all other federally mandated human subjects regulations. All members of the research team will complete the protection of human subjects' tutorial required by the UW HS‐IRB's Human Subjects Committee prior to the study's initiation. All named UW Co‐Investigators, Consultants, and current Project Personnel have in fact already completed this tutorial. All study personnel, including research assistants, will be trained in confidentiality, informed consent procedures, and other aspects of human subject protection. Influence of interventions on secondary outcomes will be assessed using ANOVA‐based multivariate regression models using SAS software. Adjustment for multiple comparisons will be incorporated, and interpretation will be cautious. In general, the investigators' will want to see relationships with p<0.01 in order to justify tentative null hypothesis rejection. Pre‐planned secondary efficacy analyses will include effects of interventions on: 1) absenteeism, 2) health care utilization, 3) general physical health (SF‐12), 4) general mental health (SF‐12); 5) perceived stress (PSS‐10), 6) self‐efficacy (MSES, ESE), 7) sleep quality (PSQI), 8) body weight (BMI), 9) blood pressure and 10) pro‐inflammatory cytokines. One‐sided testing will be based on the underlying hypotheses that the behavioral trainings lead to improved physical and mental health, sleep quality and self‐efficacy, and to reductions in absenteeism, health care utilization, stress, body weight, blood pressure and proinflammatory cytokines. Apart from flu shots, hand‐washing, smoke avoidance, and maintenance of general health, there are no known safe and effective prevention strategies for acute viral respiratory infection. Interventions to be tested are low risk, and more likely to confer benefit than harm. Influenza vaccination (flu shots) will be provided free of charge to all participants, and could be considered a benefit. Participants will not be required to forego any proven or accepted preventions or treatments, and in fact will be encouraged to seek appropriate medical attention for any condition, including respiratory infection, and to continue their regular health care practices. Antibiotics, anti‐influenza antivirals, and other ARI treatments will not be disallowed, but instead will be tracked as secondary outcomes. In general, participants will be asked to continue the study interventions they are assigned, and to forego the study interventions they are not assigned. However, they will be informed that they remain free to make their own health care, behavioral and life style decisions. In particular, exercise will not be discouraged for participants in the meditation or wait‐list control group, as exercise is known to confer some health benefit. However, the investigators' will ask participants in the exercise and control group to refrain from starting a meditation program, and that all participants refrain from starting any purportedly immune‐modifying supplements (eg, echinacea, ginseng, zinc, elderberry, etc.), unless advised to do so by their physicians. If any participants do choose to actively begin an intervention they were not assigned (i.e. a person randomized to exercise chooses to take the mindfulness meditation course instead), the investigators' will ask them to continue in the study, and will use that "cross‐over" information in secondary analyses using the principles outlined in Section 4.3 of the protocol. A Data and Safety Monitoring Committee (DSMC) will oversee human subjects recruitment and monitoring, and will function independently of the principal investigator and co‐investigators. The investigators' expect that this committee will function similarly to that established for the first MEPARI trial, and will choose to meet once or twice yearly to monitor recruitment and retention, and to provide oversight and guidance in relation to safety, bioethics, and other human subjects concerns that may arise. Acute infection from influenza and other respiratory viruses leads to much human suffering and loss of economic productivity. The investigators' own evidence suggests that training in either meditation or exercise may lead to substantial reductions in ARI disease burden and work absenteeism. In addition to testing whether the investigators' findings are replicable in a larger sample with refined methodology, this proposed comparative effectiveness translational research will investigate mechanisms of action and provide initial estimates of cost‐effectiveness. If positive findings are confirmed, this line of research could have direct and immediate impact on public and private health‐related policies and clinical practice, as well as on scientific understanding of respiratory infection.
Role of Anti-Inflammatory Agents in Patients With Schizophrenia; There is some evidence that anti‐inflammatory treatment may have beneficial effects in schizophrenia and major depression. Cox‐2 inhibitors have been tested in preliminary clinical trials for schizophrenia and depression, showing favourable effects compared to placebo (Muller and Schwarz et al 2009). Statins were introduced as cholesterol‐lowering agents but have found much wider usage. They are anti‐inflammatory agents and thus similar to the Cox‐2 inhibitors, which have shown some ability as adjuncts to improve the symptoms of schizophrenia in preliminary studies. The statins are also known to decrease C‐reactive protein (CRP), which has been shown in an SMRI‐funded study to be elevated in a study of individuals with schizophrenia. Fan et al (2007) demonstrated in a small study in patients with schizophrenia that higher than normal levels of CRP (>0.50 mg/dl) was associated with marked negative symptoms and higher total PANSS scores. Ondansetron is a serotonin (5‐HT3) receptor antagonist that is generic and widely used to prevent nausea and vomiting in patients receiving chemotherapy for cancer. GSK did a small study on it as an antipsychotic in the 1980s. Since then, several small studies have suggested that it is effective as an adjunct drug in improving the symptoms of schizophrenia. Statins are widely used in schizophrenia sufferers, particularly those taking second generation antipsychotics, to treat hypercholesterolemia. Both drugs are well tolerated and their side effect profiles well understood. We propose to conduct a feasibility study in patients with chronic schizophrenia to explore the adjunct use of simvastatin and ondansetron on positive, negative and general psychopathology in comparisons to treatment as usual (TAU) over a 12 week period.
Clinical trial: chest pain caused by presumed gastro-oesophageal reflux in coronary artery disease - controlled study of lansoprazole vs. placebo; BACKGROUND: Gastro‐oesophageal reflux (GER) and coronary artery disease commonly co‐exist. Coronary artery disease patients may mistake GER‐induced pain for cardiac pain or GER might provoke angina. AIM: To investigate if GER might contribute to nocturnal/rest chest pain among coronary artery disease patients. METHODS: Double‐blind placebo‐controlled crossover study investigating effect of lansoprazole on chest pain; 125 patients with angiographically proven coronary artery disease enrolled with at least one weekly episode of nocturnal/rest pain, randomized to lansoprazole 30 mg daily or placebo with crossover after 4 weeks. Symptoms recorded and QOL assessed by Nottingham Health Profile Questionnaire; ST segment depression episodes counted from 24 h electrocardiographic monitoring in final week of both periods. Statistical analysis: ANCOVA with period and carryover analysis. RESULTS: In all, 108 patients completed the study. There was a modest increase in pain‐free days on lansoprazole vs. placebo (P < 0.02), with fewer days with pain at rest (P < 0.05) and at night (P < 0.009) on lansoprazole vs. placebo, but no significant differences in ST segment depression episodes (P = 0.64). There was a trend for reduction in the 'physical pain' QOL domain. CONCLUSIONS: Among coronary artery disease patients, lansoprazole modestly increases pain‐free days and reduces rest/nocturnal pain. As lansoprazole did not affect ST segments, this may be by suppression of GER‐provoked pain misinterpreted as angina, rather than acid‐provoked ischaemia.
The effect of ibuprofen and acetylsalicylic acid on cognitive impairment, total antioxidant power and isoprostane serum; INTRODUCTION: There are controversial studies on the prevention of Alzheimer's disease with nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs (NSAIDs). The objective of this study was to evaluate the effect of ibuprofen and acetylsalicylic acid on cognitive impairment, serum total antioxidant power (TAP) and isoprostane (8‐iso‐PGF2alpha). METHODS: From April 2004 to February 2006, a Folstein mini‐mental state (MMSE), Syndrome Kurtz Test (SKT) and a geriatric depression scale (Yasevage) were applied to eighteen, 55‐56 years old eligible women. All women (n= 18) with normal cognitive state were randomized to ibuprofen 400 mg per day (n= 9) and acetylsalicylic acid 500 mg per day (n= 9) for one year. Serum TAP and 8‐iso‐PGF2alpha were performed at baseline, after six months and one year of treatment. RESULTS: After one year of treatment with acetylsalicylic acid five women (55.6%) raised their score 4 points in MMSE compared with 3 points increased (33.3%) showed by the ibuprofen group. TAP increased (p=0.01) and 8‐iso‐PGF2alpha reduced (p=0.01) in both groups compared with baseline. CONCLUSIONS: Both drugs improved the cognitive state andoxidative status of our population.
Prevalence, clinical spectrum and health care utilization of gastro-oesophageal reflux disease in a Chinese population: a population-based study; BACKGROUND: Population‐based data on gastro‐oesophageal reflux disease in Chinese are lacking. The prevalence, clinical spectrum and health care‐seeking behaviour of subjects with gastro‐oesophageal reflux disease were studied. METHODS: Ethnic Chinese (3605) were invited to participate in a telephone survey using a validated gastro‐oesophageal reflux disease questionnaire and the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale. RESULTS: A total of 2209 subjects (58% female; mean age, 40.3 years) completed the interview. The annual, monthly and weekly prevalence rates of gastro‐oesophageal reflux disease were 29.8%, 8.9% and 2.5%, respectively. Gastro‐oesophageal reflux disease symptoms were associated with non‐cardiac chest pain [odds ratio (OR), 2.3; 95% confidence interval (95% CI), 1.7‐3.1], dyspepsia (OR, 1.9; 95% CI, 1.4‐2.5), globus (OR, 1.8; 95% CI, 1.2‐2.7), acid feeling in the stomach (OR, 5.8; 95% CI, 4.5‐7.5) and the use of non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (OR, 2.3; 95% CI, 1.5‐3.6), but not with dysphagia, bronchitis, asthma, hoarseness and pneumonia. Patients with gastro‐oesophageal reflux disease had a significantly higher anxiety and depression score and required more days off work when compared with subjects without. The frequency of heartburn (P = 0.032), female gender (P < 0.001), degree of depression (P = 0.004) and social morbidity (P < 0.001) were independent factors associated with health care‐seeking behaviour. CONCLUSION: The prevalence of gastro‐oesophageal reflux disease was lower than that in Western populations, but carried a significant socio‐economic burden in the studied Chinese population. The frequency of heartburn, female gender and psychosocial factors were associated with health care utilization in gastro‐oesophageal reflux disease.
Tumor necrosis factor and its targets in the inflammatory cytokine pathway are identified as putative transcriptomic biomarkers for escitalopram response; Converging evidence suggests that the activation of the inflammatory cytokine pathway is important in the pathophysiology of unipolar depression. Antidepressants have anti‐inflammatory properties and evidence suggests that inter‐individual variability in response to antidepressants may reflect genetic differences in the inflammatory cytokine pathway. In particular, protein levels of Tumor Necrosis Factor (TNF) and the SNPs rs1126757 in interleukin‐11 (IL11), and rs7801617 in interleukin‐6 (IL6), have previously been implicated in the clinical response to the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) antidepressant escitalopram. This study investigated the transcription of TNF, IL11 and IL6 as well as genes in the wider inflammatory cytokine pathway both at baseline and after escitalopram treatment in depressed patients who were either clinical "responders" (n=25) or "non‐responders" (n=21). Samples were obtained as a subset of the Genome‐Based Therapeutic Drugs for Depression (GENDEP) project and response status is based on changes in the Montgomery‐Asberg Depression Rating Scores over a 12 wk treatment period. Binary logistic regressions revealed significant expression differences at baseline between responders and non‐responders in TNF, and after escitalopram treatment in TNF and IL11. Differences in IL11 after treatment were found to be driven by drug‐induced allele‐specific expression differences relating to rs1126757. Top hits in the wider inflammatory cytokine pathway at both baseline and after escitalopram treatment were found to be targets of TNF. The current study adds substantial support for the role of the inflammatory cytokine pathway in mediating response to the SSRI escitalopram, and is the first to identify TNF and its targets as putative transcriptomic predictors of clinical response.
Effects of acupuncture on patients with fibromyalgia: study protocol of a multicentre randomized controlled trial; BACKGROUND: Fibromyalgia is a multidimensional disorder for which treatment as yet remains unsatisfactory. Studies of an acupuncture‐based approach, despite its broad acceptance among patients and healthcare staff, have not produced sufficient evidence of its effectiveness in treating this syndrome. The present study aims to evaluate the effectiveness of individualized acupuncture for patients with fibromyalgia, with respect to reducing their pain and level of incapacity, and improving their quality of life. METHODS/DESIGN: Randomized controlled multicentre study, with 156 outpatients, aged over 17 years, diagnosed with fibromyalgia according to American College of Rheumatology criteria, either alone or associated with severe depression, according to the criteria of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual for Mental Disorders. The participants will be randomly assigned to receive either "True acupuncture" or "Sham acupuncture". They will be evaluated using a specific measurement system, constituted of the Fibromyalgia Impact Questionnaire and the Hamilton rating scale for depression. Also taken into consideration will be the clinical and subjective pain intensity, the patient's family structure and relationships, psychological aspects, quality of life, the duration of previous temporary disability, the consumption of antidepressant, analgesic and anti‐inflammatory medication, and the potential effect of factors considered to be predictors of a poor prognosis. All these aspects will be examined by questionnaires and other suitably‐validated instruments. The results obtained will be analysed at 10 weeks, and 6 and 12 months from the start of treatment. DISCUSSION: This trial will utilize high quality trial methodologies in accordance with CONSORT guidelines. It may provide evidence for the effectiveness of acupuncture as a treatment for fibromyalgia either alone or associated with severe depression. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ISRCTN trial number ISRCTN60217348 (19 October 2010).
Comparison of the effects of two different exercise programs on pain in subacromial impingement syndrome; OBJECTIVES: We compared the effects of two different exercise programs below or above 90 degrees on pain in subacromial impingement syndrome (SIS). METHODS: Thirty patients (23 females, 7 males; mean age 52 years; range 34‐70) with acute or subacute SIS were randomly assigned to two groups, equal in number, to receive an exercise program below (group 1) or above (group 2) 90 degrees , respectively. In addition to the standard exercise program, transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation, intermittent ultrasound, and cold pack were applied, and a nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drug was given. Treatment lasted two weeks (10 sessions). Pain was assessed using the Constant score, a visual analog scale (VAS), and face score, and psychologic state was assessed with the Beck Depression Inventory. Satisfaction levels of the patients and the therapist were measured. Assessments were made before, and 2 and 16 weeks after treatment. RESULTS: Both groups had significant improvements in the Constant score, VAS score, and face score at 2 and 16 weeks. Change in the face score between 2 and 16 weeks was not significant in group 2. Improvements in the Beck Depression Inventory were significant in both groups. While patient satisfaction significantly increased in both groups, increase in the therapist's satisfaction between 2 and 16 weeks was significant only in group 1. The two groups did not differ with respect to changes in the Constant score, whereas VAS score at 2 weeks and face score at 16 weeks were significantly better in group 1. The two groups were similar with respect to improvements in the Beck Depression Inventory and patient/therapist satisfaction. CONCLUSION: The exercise program below 90 degrees (pain‐free range of motion) resulted in additional improvements in VAS and face scores in SIS.
A descriptive study of older adults with persistent pain: use and perceived effectiveness of pain management strategies; BACKGROUND: Persistent pain is a common, often debilitating, problem in older adults; however, few studies have focused on the experiences of older adults in managing their pain. The objective of this study was to describe the use and perceived effectiveness of pain management strategies in a sample of older adults and to explore the associations of these variables with demographic and psychosocial characteristics. METHODS: Adults >or= 65 years old and living in retirement facilities who reported persistent pain (N = 235, mean age = 82 years, 84% female, 94% white) completed measures of demographics, pain, depression, self‐efficacy for managing pain, and a Pain Management Strategies Survey. Participants identified current and previous‐year use of 42 pain management strategies and rated helpfulness of each on a 5‐point scale. RESULTS: Acetaminophen, regular exercise, prayer, and heat and cold were the most frequently used pain management strategies (61%, 58%, 53%, and 48%, respectively). Strategies used by >25% of the sample that were rated moderately or more helpful (i.e., >2 on a 0 to 4 scale) were prayer [mean (SD) = 2.9 (0.9)], opioids [2.6 (0.8)], regular exercise [2.5 (1.0)], heat/cold [2.5 (1.0)], nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs [2.4 (1.0)], and acetaminophen [2.3 (1.0)]. Young‐old (65‐74 years) study participants reported use of more strategies than did old‐old (85+ years) participants (p = .03). Perceived helpfulness of strategy use was significantly associated with pain intensity (r = ‐.14, p < .0001), self‐efficacy (r = .28, p < .0001), and depression (r = ‐.20, p = .003). CONCLUSION: On average, older adults view the strategies they use for persistent pain as only moderately helpful. The associations between perceived helpfulness and self‐efficacy and depression suggest avenues of pain management that are focused less on specific treatments and more on how persons with persistent pain think about their pain.
A randomized clinical trial comparing chiropractic adjustments to muscle relaxants for subacute low back pain; BACKGROUND: The adult lifetime incidence for low back pain is 75% to 85% in the United States. Investigating appropriate care has proven difficult, since, in general, acute pain subsides spontaneously and chronic pain is resistant to intervention. Subacute back pain has been rarely studied. OBJECTIVE: To compare the relative efficacy of chiropractic adjustments with muscle relaxants and placebo/sham for subacute low back pain. DESIGN: A randomized, double‐blind clinical trial. METHODS: Subjects (N = 192) experiencing low back pain of 2 to 6 weeks' duration were randomly allocated to 3 groups with interventions applied over 2 weeks. Interventions were either chiropractic adjustments with placebo medicine, muscle relaxants with sham adjustments, or placebo medicine with sham adjustments. Visual Analog Scale for Pain, Oswestry Disability Questionnaire, and Modified Zung Depression Scale were assessed at baseline, 2 weeks, and 4 weeks. Schober's flexibility test, acetaminophen usage, and Global Impression of Severity Scale (GIS), a physician's clinical impression used as a secondary outcome, were assessed at baseline and 2 weeks. RESULTS: Baseline values, except GIS, were similar for all groups. When all subjects completing the protocol were combined (N = 146), the data revealed pain, disability, depression, and GIS decreased significantly (P <.0001); lumbar flexibility did not change. Statistical differences across groups were seen for pain, a primary outcome, (chiropractic group improved more than control group) and GIS (chiropractic group improved more than other groups). No significant differences were seen for disability, depression, flexibility, or acetaminophen usage across groups. CONCLUSION: Chiropractic was more beneficial than placebo in reducing pain and more beneficial than either placebo or muscle relaxants in reducing GIS.
Eight underused prescriptions; Eight currently underused therapeutic regimens are reviewed on the basis of their potential to have a major impact on morbidity and mortality in adults. The criteria for the selection of these regimens included their safety, effectiveness and cost‐effectiveness, the availability of substantial data to support their efficacy, and the existence of evidence that the regimens are underused in clinical practice. The eight regimens that meet these criteria are prophylactic aspirin therapy, estrogen replacement therapy, nicotine substitutes as adjunctive therapy in smoking cessation, beta‐blocker therapy following myocardial infarction, anti‐inflammatory agents in the treatment of asthma, antidepressant drugs as therapy for mild depression, increased fiber intake and regular exercise.
Effective physiotherapy management of hip osteoarthritis: a preliminary trial; INTERVENTION: Intervention: A 10 session exercise and self‐management regimen Control group: Standard care of GP, which includes on‐going drug management (primarily analgesics with non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs [NSAIDs] as necessary) CONDITION: Hip osteoarthritis ; Musculoskeletal Diseases ; Osteoarthritis PRIMARY OUTCOME: Western Ontario and McMaster Universities (WOMAC) function sub‐scale. SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1. WOMAC pain; 2. Self‐efficacy for exercise; 3. Hospital Anxiety and Depression (HAD) scale; 4. EuroQol ; 5. Aggregate Functional Performance Time (AFPT) INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Over‐50 2. Hip osteoarthritis
Immunomodulatory therapy in the management of paradoxical progression of tuberculomas in patients at royal free hospitalcategory: clinical lesson; Introduction The development and progression of intracranial tuberculomas whilst on appropriate antituberculous therapy is well recognised. The reported interval between the start of antituberculous therapy and the neurological manifestations of paradoxical tuberculomas range between 10 days to 27 months. Corticosteroids are routinely used in tuberculous meningitis and in cases of tuberculomas with surrounding oedema. When maximal medical therapy with steroid and antituberculous agents have failed to control the progression of tuberculomas, other immunomodulatory agents have been tried with variable success. We report 2 cases of progression of paradoxical tuberculomas in HIV negative patients and their management with thalidomide and infliximab. Thalidomide is a Tumour Necrosis Factor α (TNF α) inhibitor and has been shown to be beneficial in animal models with some anecdotal evidence of benefit in children and adults with refractory intracranial tuberculous abscesses. Infliximab is a monoclonal antibody, which also acts to inhibit TNF α. Treatment with inflimixab is more usually associated with the development of de novo tuberculous, rather than as an adjunct in the management of paradoxical tuberculomas. Case 1: A 37 year old man presented with headaches, confusion and clinical findings of meningism. CT head showed basal enhancement, supratentorial tuberculomas and hydrocephalus. Fully sensitive Mycobacterium tuberculosis was cultured from CSF. He was started on 1st line antituberculous therapy, high dose dexamethasone. Ten months into antituberculous therapy he developed a right homonymous hemianopia with radiological evidence of progression of cerebral tuberculomas. He was commenced on thalidomide, which led to clinical and radiological improvement. (Images will be presented). Scientific findings Case 2: A 29 year old female presented with right arm spastic weakness. She was in the 12th month of treatment for fully sensitive tuberculous meningitis and spinal TB. MRI showed new lesions at C2/3 with cord compression and new tuberculomas around the brain stem. CSF was acellular with negative ZN stain and culture. She was commenced on high dose dexamethasone and continued 1st line antituberculous therapy. Steroid weaning resulted in neurological deterioration; tetraparesis and respiratory depression. She received pulsed methylprednisolone and infliximab. This was followed by neurological and radiological improvement of the tuberculomas. (Images will be presented). Discussion The development of paradoxical tuberculomas in patients receiving appropriate antituberculous therapy is thought to be due to an exaggerated inflammatory response in the context of immune reconstitution and changing immunological milieu following antituberculous therapy. We found the adjunctive use of thalidomide and infliximab to be beneficial in patients with paradoxical tuberculomas, causing severe neurological compromise. Only anecdotal reports of the benefit of both these drugs in this clinical scenario have been published with no large trials. One randomised controlled trial on thalidomide used in children was discontinued due to serious adverse effects and deaths in the treatment arm. Conclusions There may be a role for immunomodulatory agents in the management of paradoxical tuberculomas in patients who have received maximal medical therapy with high dose steroids and appropriate antituberculous agents. The use of immunomodulatory agents should be considered and may be of benefit as an adjunct to corticosteroids if clinical or radiological improvement has not occurred following maximal medical therapy, if there is on‐going clinical deterioration or if there is critical neurological deficit or loss of vision. Further research into the use immunomodulatory agents in management of paradoxical tuberculomas is called for.
Wormwood (Artemisia absinthium) suppresses tumour necrosis factor alpha and accelerates healing in patients with Crohn's disease - A controlled clinical trial; Suppression of tumour necrosis factor alpha (TNF‐alpha) and other interleukins by wormwood (Artemisia absinthium) extracts were reported recently in in vitro studies. The aim of the present study was to find out if this effect can be also be observed in Crohn's Disease (CD) patients where TNF‐alpha appears to play an important role. In a controlled trial, 10 randomly selected patients suffering from CD were given in addition to their basic CD therapy 3x750mg dried powdered wormwood for 6 weeks. Ten patients, also randomly selected who met the inclusion criteria served as control group. Minimum score of 200 on Crohn's Disease Activity Index (CDAI) was required at baseline for inclusion in each group. Patients who received infliximab or similar were excluded from the trial. TNF‐alpha level in serum were measured at baseline, and after three and six weeks. During this period all concomitant CD medications was maintained at the baseline dose levels. Average serum TNF‐alpha level fell from 24.5+/‐3.5pg/ml at baseline to 8.0+/‐2.5pg/ml after six weeks. The corresponding levels in the control group were 25.7+/‐4.6 (week 0), and 21.1+/‐3.2 (week 6). On the clinical side, CDAI scores fell from 275+/‐15 to below 175+/‐12 in wormwood group with remission of symptoms in eight patients (CDAI score below 170 or reduction by 70 points), compared to only two in the placebo group (CDAI of placebo group 282+/‐11 at baseline and 230+/‐14 on week 6). IBDQ also reflected accelerated clinical response with wormwood. Of clinical significance were the findings that wormwood also improved mood of the CD patients, as reflected in Hamilton's Depression Scale. These findings provide a base to test wormwood in clinical conditions thought to be mediated by increased production of pro‐inflammatory cytokines such as TNF‐alpha.
Expectation and patient preference -- does it matter?; Admission to clinical trials is often based on the assumption of homogeneity of the population. A group of 60 patients, all with pain in the neck or shoulder of at least 3 months duration, were studied. Expectation was graded before treatments were started by sharing out 100 points between freedom from side effects, pain relief, depression relief, improved mobility, improved sleep and speed of action. A double‐blind crossover study of two established anti‐inflammatory analgesics and placebo was carried out. Using analogue scales, patients were asked to grade their response. Side effects were recorded, and preference was established at the end of the study.Although all the patients were in sufficient pain to require medical attention, some rated relief of depression, improvement in sleep or lack of side effects as more important than pain relief. Differences between drug and placebo were most clearly demonstrated in those patients whose main concern was improved mobility. In our view it is important to select patients who are in need of a dominant property of a drug for a trial of this property and this may have ramifications across the medical spectrum.
Outcome of an interdisciplinary pain management program in a rehabilitation clinic; The Chronic Pain Section at Reykjalundur has 33 beds for patients with various chronic pain problems. About 200 patients are treated annually. For 3 years, 158 patients were enrolled in a random study focusing on increasing the patients' functioning and eliminating analgesic drugs through an interdisciplinary rehabilitation program. Patients answered a questionnaire at admission, before discharge from the clinic and about one year after discharge. The follow‐up was done with a mailed questionnaire. The focus was on the patients' functioning rather than absence of pain. The program's duration was 7 weeks. The first 2 weeks were utilized for evaluation, information and education (pain school). Pain relieving drugs were gradually withdrawn but anti‐inflammatory drugs were used when indicated. Cognitive behavioral therapy was applied in an increasing number of cases over the 3 year period by specially trained nurses and a psychiatrist. Pain, anxiety and depression were self‐evaluated on a numeric rating scale (NRS). About 50% of the patients had a history of pain for more than 5 years. Low back pain was the most common diagnosis (48.1%) and 28.5% had post‐traumatic pain. A significant reduction in pain, anxiety and depression was found both at discharge (p<0.0001) and at follow‐up (p<0.001). Before entering the program, only 18.4% of the patients were able to work whereas 48.1% returned to work after discharge and 59.2% were working at follow‐up
Diclofenac suppository versus intramuscular pethidine in post herniorrhaphy pain relief; Background: Non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSADs) and opioids are frequently administered to relieve postoperative pain. Uncontrolled postoperative pain may produce a range of detrimental acute and chronic health consequences and increase mortality and morbidity. Practically, the analgesic efficacy of opioids is typically limited by the development of tolerance to them or by opioid‐related side effects such as nausea, vomiting, sedation or respiratory depression. This study aims to assess the effects of suppository diclofenac on post‐herniorrhaphy pain management. Methods: In this prospective double‐blind clinical trial, 60 patients who were candidate for the surgical repair of inguinal hernia were divided into two groups. Patients in group A received 100 mg of suppository diclofenac and patients in group B 50 mg of pethidine after the induction of anesthesia and before surgical incision. Postoperative pain assessment was done by an unbiased observer on the arrival of patients in the recovery room, using a 10‐cm visual analogue scale (VAS) at 2‐hour intervals for 6 hours. Results: Pain relief was similar in the two groups (P=0.3). Patients in group B required more analgesia two hours post‐operatively (P=0.03), while patients in group A had more favorable results regarding pain control (P<0.05). Statistically, there was no difference between the two groups at other intervals. The occurrence of nausea and vomiting was similar in both groups. No respiratory depression was observed in the patients. Conclusion: Preventive analgesia with 100 mg of suppository diclofenac after anesthesia induction for herniorrhaphy produced effective postoperative analgesia with minimum side‐effects.
Is the efficacy of topical corticosteroid therapy for psoriasis vulgaris enhanced by concurrent moclobemide therapy? A double-blind, placebo-controlled study; BACKGROUND: Psychosocial factors have been implicated in the onset and exacerbation of psoriasis. OBJECTIVE: We conducted a randomized, placebo‐controlled, double‐blind study to investigate the effect of an antidepressant agent, moclobemide, on the course of psoriasis vulgaris. METHODS: Sixty subjects were enrolled in the study. Patients were randomly assigned to treatment groups. Patients received moclobemide 450 mg/day or placebo and a topical corticosteroid ointment (diflucortolone valerate) for 6 weeks. Patients were examined at the beginning of the study and at 2‐week intervals. At each visit, the severity of psoriasis and psychologic status were evaluated with the Psoriasis Area Severity Index (PASI), Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), Hamilton Rating Scale for Anxiety (HAM‐A), Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRS‐D‐17) and State‐Trait Anxiety Inventory including state (STAI‐1) and trait anxiety (STAI‐2). RESULTS: Treatment efficacy was able to be evaluated in 22 patients in the moclobemide‐treated group and in 20 in the placebo‐treated group. The improvement rates in PASI, BDI, STAI‐1, and HAM‐A scores were significantly higher in the moclobemide treatment group. The level of state anxiety was diminished in the moclobemide group. Correlation was positive between improvement rates of the psoriatic lesions and state anxiety in all patients. CONCLUSION: Our results suggest that an antidepressant drug is useful in the treatment of psoriasis.
Risk of upper gastrointestinal tract bleeding associated with selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors and venlafaxine therapy: interaction with nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and effect of acid-suppressing agents; CONTEXT: Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors have been reported to increase the risk of upper gastrointestinal tract bleeding. The wide use of these drugs makes such potential risk a public health concern, and identification of factors that may increase or minimize such risk is necessary. OBJECTIVES: To test the association of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors and venlafaxine hydrochloride therapy with upper gastrointestinal tract bleeding, to identify subgroups of patients at particularly increased risk, and to explore whether acid‐suppressing agents may be effective in minimizing risk. DESIGN: Nested case‐control study. SETTING: General practice database from the United Kingdom. PARTICIPANTS: One thousand three hundred twenty‐one patients with upper gastrointestinal tract bleeding referred to a consultant or hospital and 10 000 control subjects matched for age, sex, and calendar year of the index date. Main Outcome Measure Risk of bleeding associated with selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors and effect of acid‐suppressing agents. RESULTS: The percentage of current users of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (5.3%) or venlafaxine (1.1%) among case subjects was significantly higher than in matched control subjects (3.0% and 0.3%; adjusted odds ratio [OR], 1.6; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.2‐2.1, and OR, 2.9; 95% CI, 1.5‐5.6, respectively). An interaction with nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (OR, 4.8; 95% CI, 2.8‐8.3) was observed, in particular among those not using acid‐suppressing agents (OR, 9.1; 95% CI, 4.8‐17.3) compared with users of these drugs (OR, 1.3; 95% CI, 0.5‐3.3). In addition, an interaction with antiplatelet drugs in nonusers of acid‐suppressing agents was suggested (OR, 4.7; 95% CI, 2.6‐8.3) compared with users of these drugs (OR, 0.8; 95% CI, 0.3‐2.5). CONCLUSIONS: Antidepressants with a relevant blockade action on the serotonin reuptake mechanism increase the risk of upper gastrointestinal tract bleeding. The increased risk may be of particular relevance when these drugs are associated with nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs. Our study findings also provide evidence that use of acid‐suppressing agents limits such increased risk.
Efficacy of a multimodal analgesia protocol in total knee arthroplasty: a randomized, controlled trial; A total of 100 osteoarthritis patients undergoing unilateral total knee arthroplasty were randomly assigned to receive either a multimodal analgesia protocol, comprising oral celecoxib and tramadol before and after surgery and intra‐articular injection of large doses of morphine, ropivacaine, adrenaline and betamethasone during surgery (trial group), or oral and intra‐articular placebo (control group). All patients received patient‐controlled analgesia for 48 h after surgery. Morphine consumption up to 48 h after surgery was significantly lower in the trial than in the control group. Compared with the control group, the trial group had significantly lower visual analogue scale (VAS) scores for pain at rest from 6 h to 7 days after surgery and significantly lower VAS scores during activity from 24 h to 7 days after surgery. Active straight leg raise and active 90 degrees knee flexion were achieved sooner and range of knee movement at postoperative days 1 ‐ 15 were significantly greater in the trial group. Postoperative wound healing, infection, blood pressure, heart rate, rash, respiratory depression, urinary retention and deep vein thrombosis were similar in the two groups, but nausea and vomiting were significantly less frequent in the trial group.
β-adrenergic Blocker and a COX2 Inhibitor for Prevention of Colorectal Cancer Recurrence; Colon and rectal cancer is the second most prevalent malignant disease in the western world, causing significant morbidity, mortality, and healthcare sources use. Treating colon and rectal cancer with curative intent generally includes resection of the primary tumor. Despite its crucial role, surgery by itself induce physiological changes resulting in significant immune depression and other physiological perturbations, which may in turn play a significant role in the initiation of new metastases and the progression of pre‐existing dormant metastases. The aim of this study is to assess the use of perioperative medical intervention using a combination of a β‐adrenergic blocker (Propranolol) and a COX2 inhibitor (Etodolac), in order to attenuate the surgically induced immunosuppression and other physiological perturbations, aiming to reduce the rate of tumor recurrence and distant metastatic disease.
Topical and systemic glucocorticoid potencies of budesonide and beclomethasone dipropionate in man; Topical anti‐inflammatory (cutaneous 'vasoconstriction') and systemic glucocorticoid (depression of plasma cortisol and changes in differential WBC count) potencies of the two glucocorticoids budesonide and beclomethasone dipropionate (BDP) were compared in human volunteers. After topical application, budesonide was 2‐3 times more potent than BDP in inducing 'vasoconstriction'. After oral administration, on the other hand, budesonide was 2‐4 times less potent than BDP in depressing plasma cortisol and changing the total or differential WBC. After inhalation, too, significant differences in favour of budesonide were noted, but the divergence between the drugs was less pronounced. The improved relationship between the topical and systemic glucocorticoid effects of budesonide makes it a promising alternative for aerosol treatment in asthma.
Immunoprotective effects of cyclooxygenase inhibition in patients with major surgical trauma; Dysfunctional monocytes (M phi), exerting their inhibitory functions via prostaglandin E2 (PGE2), have been implicated in the depression of immune responses following major surgical, accidental, and burn trauma. A randomized prospective study of the PG‐synthetase inhibitor indomethacin (Indo) was performed in 43 patients undergoing major surgical procedures, to evaluate its efficacy in correcting postoperative abnormalities of the cell‐mediated immune system (CMI) and preventing infectious morbidity and mortality. Patients, following gastrectomy (GX) or reconstruction of the abdominal aorta (AG), in the treated group (PIndo), received 100 mg IV of Indo 6 hours postoperatively and 3 x 50 mg IV Indo over 24 hours on postoperative days (D) 1,2,3,4. The rate of infectious complications was recorded. Parameters of CMI evaluated preoperatively (D0) and on D1,D3,D5,D7 were: Delayed type hypersensitivity (DTH) response to recall antigens, mitogen‐induced lymphocyte proliferation (LP), interleukin 2 (IL‐2) synthesis, and phenotyping of mononuclear blood leukocytes (PBMC's) with the monoclonal antibodies for CD3+, CD4+, IL‐2 receptor (IL‐2R)+ and LeuM3+ receptor sites. In contrast to the group of untreated patients (Pc), PIndo did not show a depression of their preoperative DTH responses, and they also showed a lower rate of early opportunistic infections. The in vitro test of CMI revealed that there was a higher LP capacity in PBMC's of PIndo (p less than 0.05); the postoperative profile of IL‐2 synthesis was not statistically different between the groups. Indomethacin administration resulted in a considerable alleviation of postoperative monocytosis (p less than 0.05) and in a protective effect on lymphocyte receptor expression of CD3+, CD4+, and IL‐2R+ cells. From these data it is concluded that in vivo cyclooxygenase inhibition may be useful to prevent impairment of CMI, a crucial predisposing factor of the high susceptibility to postoperative infection.
Intravenous Lidocaine Infusion in the Management of Post-operative Pain in Colorectal Patients; Lidocaine is an amide local anesthetic that has analgesic and anti‐inflammatory properties. Lidocaine infusion is a very useful pain medication that is underutilized to treat surgical, chronic, and cancer pain in children. The investigators propose to examine the perioperative use of lidocaine infusion in children undergoing colorectal surgery that involves an abdominal incision. The investigators plan to measure the following outcomes: length of stay in hospital following abdominal surgery, postoperative pain scores, cumulative morphine consumption, incidences of opioid adverse‐effects: respiratory depression, sedation, nausea, vomiting, time to passage of flatus, time to first bowel movement and end‐tidal Sevoflurane in operating room throughout surgery. The following laboratory values will be measured: serial lidocaine levels of pharmacokinetics and safety levels, Pro‐ and anti‐inflammatory cytokine measurements: IL‐6, IL‐8, IL‐10, IL‐1RA and genetic variants.
Combination of methylprednisolone pulse therapy and remission inducing drugs in rheumatoid arthritis; Thirty patients with rheumatoid arthritis were allocated to either methylprednisolone pulse therapy or placebo at the beginning of treatment with either gold salts, penicillamine, or azathioprine. Methylprednisolone pulse therapy produced an immediate but temporary anti‐inflammatory effect lasting for a maximum of four to eight weeks. It also caused a lasting depression of serum IgG, but no effect was observed on the proportion of T and B lymphocytes, proliferative responses, or on concanavalin A induced suppressor cell activity, and there was no effect on the amount of circulating immune complexes. The bone mineral content decreased similarly in the two groups, and methylprednisolone pulses had no effect on the progression of erosions on x rays during an observation period of eight months. A single pulse of methylprednisolone can give a short lasting anti‐inflammatory effect but is of little or no value in the long term treatment of rheumatoid arthritis.
A thermographic assessment of three intra-articular prednisolone analogues given in rheumatoid synovitis; 1 Three intra‐articular prednisolone analogues have been studied in a group of forty‐six rheumatoid arthritic subjects. Each compound was tested at 50 mg and 100 mg dose over 3 weeks. 2 The anti‐inflammatory effect was assessed by quantitative thermography. Systemic escape of the drug was monitored by plasma prednisolone and cortisol levels. 3 Both the systemic escape from the joint and the duration of effect on injected and uninjected knees were related to drug solubility. 4 Depression of plasma cortisol occurred with all three preparations and was most prolonged with the long‐acting preparation. 5 Increasing the dose from 50 mg to 100 mg increased the antiflammatory effect only with the soluble acetate preparation.
Oral S-adenosylmethionine in primary fibromyalgia. Double-blind clinical evaluation; S‐adenosylmethionine is a relatively new anti‐inflammatory drug with analgesic and anti‐depressant effects. Efficacy of 800 mg orally administered s‐adenosylmethionine daily versus placebo for six weeks was investigated in 44 patients with primary fibromyalgia in double‐blind settings. Tender point score, isokinetic muscle strength, disease activity, subjective symptoms (visual analog scale), mood parameters and side effects were evaluated. Improvements were seen for clinical disease activity (P = 0.04), pain experienced during the last week (P = 0.002), fatigue (P = 0.02), morning stiffness (P = 0.03) and mood evaluated by Face Scale (P = 0.006) in the actively treated group compared to placebo. The tender point score, isokinetic muscle strength, mood evaluated by Beck Depression Inventory and side effects did not differ in the two treatment groups. S‐adenosylmethionine has some beneficial effects on primary fibromyalgia and could be an important option in the treatment hereof.
IV Acetaminophen for Acute Post Operative Pain in C-Section Patients; Most of the opioids used are centrally acting drugs like morphine or its derivatives. The most common adverse reactions related to systemic administration of opioids are sedation, itching, constipation and less commonly, respiratory depression. One of the other management strategies for the pain control is the use of non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDS). Frequent use of NSAIDS is also associated with complications, such as gastric ulcer and platelet dysfunction. When compared to other non‐NSAIDS, IV acetaminophen is a relatively safer drug with quicker onset of action. In an earlier conducted study, the onset of action of analgesia for a bolus dose of IV acetaminophen is 3 minutes. IV acetaminophen is FDA approved for management of mild to moderate pain. An adverse reaction associated with the prolonged usage of IV acetaminophen is hepatic injury. The most common adverse events encountered during previous clinical trials were nausea, vomiting, headache and insomnia.
A comparison between ketorolac and pethidine for pain relief after dacryocystorhinostomy; In this prospective, double‐blind, randomized study, we compared the effectiveness of ketorolac tromethamine (Toradol) and pethidine in preventing postoperative pain in the first 24 hours after dacryocystorhinostomy (OCR). Ketorolac Is a strong nonsteroldal anti‐inflammatory drug. 30 patients were randomly allocated to receive 1mg/1Kg inj. pethidine i.m. or 0.5mglKg inj. ketorolac i.m. on six hourly basis. The visual analogue score showed both the drugs to be equally effective in pain relief. The incidence of side effects like nausea, vomiting, respiratory depression and sedation, was significantly more in patients receiving pethidine (p<0.05). Patient`s evaluation of the degree of satisfaction with postoperative analgesia was significantly more in ketorolac group. The results of the study show that pethidine and ketorolac In the doses mentioned above are equally good analgesics for postoperative pain relief In the first 24 hours after DCR and ketorolac has significantly less side effects.
Steroid therapy for Graves' ophthalmopathy; Glucocorticoids are usually given for management of Graves' ophthalmopathy (GO) for their anti‐inflammatory and immunosuppressive effects. The overall rate of favorable response for moderately severe and active GO is 77% in patients treated with methylprednisolone iv pulse therapy. When radioiodine therapy is indicated for hyperthyroidism in Graves' patients with high risk factors, the use of glucocorticoid with small doses and short periods is recommended to prevent the development or progression of GO. Cushingoid features, glucose intolerance, gastritis, hypertension, hepatitis, and depression are major adverse effects of glucocorticoids. Fatal liver failure after high dose of pulse therapy (9‐12g) was observed in 0.8%. Limiting the cumulative dose to 4.5‐6g, assessment of liver virus markers and monitoring liver function before, during and after i.v. treatment are warranted.
Efficacy and Safety of ALGRX 4975 in the Treatment of Postoperative Pain After Gall Bladder Removal; Postoperative pain after open cholecystectomy can be significant and mobility limiting, causing increased risk of deep venous thrombosis, pulmonary complications, and extended hospital stay. With increasing emphasis on early postoperative mobilization, adequate postoperative pain control is essential. Acute postoperative pain is currently managed largely with opioids and co‐administration of nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDS). Opioids are highly effective in managing acute postoperative pain, however dosing is often limited by side effects such as respiratory depression, nausea and vomiting, and sedation. NSAIDS are administered to reduce opioid use, but may also have limiting side effects, such as gastrointestinal toxicity and platelet dysfunction. New strategies to manage acute postoperative pain would provide clinical benefit. ALGRX 4975 is an ultra‐pure form of capsaicin, which is a pain medicine that has the potential for long‐term pain relief following a single administration. This study will determine whether ALGRX 4975 can provide pain relief following open cholecystectomy.
Topical and systemic glucocorticoid potencies of budesonide, beclomethasone dipropionate and prednisolone in man; Topical anti‐inflammatory ('intracutaneous vasoconstriction') and systemic glucocorticoid potencies (depression of plasma cortisol) were compared in human volunteers after administration of the glucocorticoids budesonide, beclomethasone dipropionate (BDP) and prednisolone. After topical application budesonide was about twice as potent as BDP and more than 1 000 times more potent than prednisolone and hydrocortisone in inducing 'vasoconstriction'. After oral administration, on the other hand, budesonide was one half to one third as potent as BDP in depressing plasma cortisol. After inhalation budesonide was only half as potent as BDP. When inhaled budesonide was compared to oral prednisolone budesonide 1 600 micrograms and prednisolone 5 mg were shown to have the same effect on plasma cortisol. The improved ratio between the topical and the systemic glucocorticoid effect of budesonide, makes the drug a promising alternative for aerosol treatment in asthma.
Breathing exercises for asthma: a randomised controlled trial; BACKGROUND: The effect of breathing modification techniques on asthma symptoms and objective disease control is uncertain. METHODS: A prospective, parallel group, single‐blind, randomised controlled trial comparing breathing training with asthma education (to control for non‐specific effects of clinician attention) was performed. Subjects with asthma with impaired health status managed in primary care were randomised to receive three sessions of either physiotherapist‐supervised breathing training (n = 94) or asthma nurse‐delivered asthma education (n = 89). The main outcome was Asthma Quality of Life Questionnaire (AQLQ) score, with secondary outcomes including spirometry, bronchial hyper‐responsiveness, exhaled nitric oxide, induced sputum eosinophil count and Asthma Control Questionnaire (ACQ), Hospital Anxiety and Depression (HAD) and hyperventilation (Nijmegen) questionnaire scores. RESULTS: One month after the intervention there were similar improvements in AQLQ scores from baseline in both groups but at 6 months there was a significant between‐group difference favouring breathing training (0.38 units, 95% CI 0.08 to 0.68). At the 6‐month assessment there were significant between‐group differences favouring breathing training in HAD anxiety (1.1, 95% CI 0.2 to 1.9), HAD depression (0.8, 95% CI 0.1 to 1.4) and Nijmegen (3.2, 95% CI 1.0 to 5.4) scores, with trends to improved ACQ (0.2, 95% CI 0.0 to 0.4). No significant between‐group differences were seen at 1 month. Breathing training was not associated with significant changes in airways physiology, inflammation or hyper‐responsiveness. CONCLUSION: Breathing training resulted in improvements in asthma‐specific health status and other patient‐centred measures but not in asthma pathophysiology. Such exercises may help patients whose quality of life is impaired by asthma, but they are unlikely to reduce the need for anti‐inflammatory medication.
A Study to Test the Effectiveness of Pregabalin in Relieving Symptoms of Patients with Diabetic Peripheral Neuropathy who also Uses an Anti-Inflammatory Drug for Another Condition; INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Lyrica® Product Name: Pregabalin Product Code: N03AX16 Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule, hard INN or Proposed INN: Pregabalin CAS Number: 148553‐50‐8 Current Sponsor code: PD‐144,723 Other descriptive name: PREGABALIN Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Capsule, hard Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use Trade Name: Lyrica® Product Name: Pregabalin Product Code: N03AX16 Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule, hard INN or Proposed INN: Pregabalin CAS Number: 148553‐50‐8 Current Sponsor code: PD‐144,723 Other descriptive name: PREGABALIN Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 100‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Capsule, hard Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use CONDITION: PAINFUL DIABETIC PERIPHERAL NEUROPATHY ; MedDRA version: 14.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10012683 Term: Diabetic peripheral neuropathy System Organ Class: 10029205 ‐ Nervous system disorders Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Nervous System Diseases [C10] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To evaluate the efficacy of pregabalin compared with placebo for the symptomatic relief of DPN pain in subjects with painful DPN who use one NSAID (including COX 2 inhibitors) primarily for the treatment of conditions other than DPN pain. Primary end point(s): Endpoint mean pain score, based on the mean of the last 7 daily pain numeric rating scale (NRS) scores from the daily pain diaries while receiving study medication in each treatment period (eg, daily pain diary (0‐10 numeric rating scale)). Secondary Objective: • To evaluate the efficacy of pregabalin compared with placebo treatment to improve subject global assessment, sleep, quality of life associated with DPN, and time to loss of pain response.; • To evaluate the safety and tolerability of pregabalin.; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Reduction in DPN pain, as from the daily pain diaries while receiving study medication in each treatment period (V2‐V6 & V7‐V11); SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): • Proportions of =30% and =50% pain responders using NRS scores from the daily pain diary (Pain Diary). ; • Patient Global Impression of Change assessed at the end of Period 1 (PGIC). ; • Daily Sleep Interference Rating Scale (Sleep Diary). ; • Quality of life using Norfolk Quality of Life Questionnaire – Diabetic Neuropathy (QoL‐DN). ; • European Quality of Life in 5 Dimensions (EQ‐ 5D). ; • Pain severity and impact using the Brief Pain Inventory – short form (BPI‐sf). ; • Anxiety and depression using the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS). ; Exploratory Efficacy Endpoints ; • Patient Global Impression of Change assessed at the end of Period 2 (PGIC). ; • Patient Static Global Assessment (PSGA). ; • The relationship between PGIC and PSGA. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: • Responder rate based on a 30% and 50% improvement in mean pain response (from daily pain diary) (V2‐V6 & V7‐V11); ; • Brief Pain Inventory‐short form (BPI‐sf) ‐ V2, V6/ET & V11/ET; ; • Norfolk Quality of Life Questionnaire for Diabetic Neuropathy (QOL‐DN) modified with 2 week recall (V2, V6/ET & V11/ET); ; • Patient Global Impression of Change (PGIC), assessed at the end of period 1 compared to the start of treatment (V6/ET & V11/ET); ; • Sleep Interference Rating Scale (daily sleep diary) V1‐V12: ; • Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS) V2, V6/ET & V11/ET ; • Euro QoL‐5 Dimensions (EQ‐5D) V2, V6/ET & V11/ET INCLUSION CRITERIA: Subject eligibility should be reviewed and documented by an appropriately qualified member of the investigator’s study team before subjects are included in the study. Subjects must meet all of the following inclusion criteria to be eligible for enrollment into the study. 1. Diagnosis of type 1 or 2 diabetes mellitus with current hemoglobin A1C levels of =11%. Subject is to be on an antidiabetic treatment regimen and it must be stable for the 30 days prior to Visit 2. 2. Diagnosis of painful, diabetic distal symmetrical sensorimotor polyneuropathy for at least 3 months. 3. Currently treated with one NSAID (including COX 2 inhibitors) for a co morbid pain condition with a regular dose (=4 days/week) for at least 4 weeks prior to screening, and the ability to maintain the same treatment regimen during the study. The NSAID use must not be primarily for treating the subject's DPN pain. 4. Meet the following 2 criteria demonstrating inadequate
Inhibition of thromboxane formation in vivo and ex vivo: implications for therapy with platelet inhibitory drugs; The capacity of platelets to generate thromboxane A2, reflected by measurement of serum thromboxane B2 (TxB2), greatly exceeds the systemic production of thromboxane in vivo. Thus, it is possible that substantial but incomplete inhibition of thromboxane formation ex vivo would still allow marked augmentation of thromboxane production in vivo. To address this hypothesis, we administered aspirin 120 mg, a selective inhibitor of thromboxane synthase (TxSl), 3‐(1H‐imidazol‐1‐yl‐methyl)‐2‐methyl‐1H‐indole‐1‐propanoic acid (UK‐38, 485) 200 mg, and a combination of both drugs to 12 healthy volunteers and measured the effects on serum TxB2 and urinary 2,3‐dinor‐thromboxane B2 (Tx‐M), an index of endogenous thromboxane biosynthesis. Although serum TxB2 was maximally inhibited by 94 +/‐ 1% after aspirin and 96 +/‐ 2% after the TxSl, maximal depression of Tx‐M was only 28 +/‐ 8% and 37 +/‐ 9%, respectively. Combination of aspirin with the TxSl resulted in a small but significant increase in inhibition of thromboxane generation ex vivo (98 +/‐ 1% v 94 +/‐ 1%; P less than 0.05), but a disproportionately greater fall in thromboxane synthesis in vivo (58 +/‐ 7%; P less than 0.01). Consistent with further inhibition of platelet thromboxane synthesis, addition of the TxSl abolished the transient decline in prostacyclin formation after aspirin alone. Administration of a lower dose of aspirin (20 mg) to 6 healthy subjects caused a small reduction in Tx‐M (12 +/‐ 4%; P less than 0.05) and inhibited serum TxB2 by 48 +/‐ 2%. The relationship between inhibition of platelet capacity to form thromboxane ex vivo (serum TxB2) and synthesis in vivo (Tx‐M) departed markedly from the line of identity. When total blockade of the capacity of platelets to generate thromboxane is approached, minor decrements in capacity result in a disproportionate depression of actual thromboxane biosynthesis. These results imply that pharmacologic inhibition of serum TxB2 must be virtually complete before thromboxane‐dependent platelet activation is influenced in vivo.
A multimodal approach for postoperative pain management after lumbar decompression surgery: a prospective, randomized study; STUDY DESIGN: A prospective and randomized study. OBJECTIVES: The objective of this study was to assess the efficacy of a novel multimodal analgesic regimen in reducing postoperative pain and intravenous morphine requirements after primary multilevel lumbar decompression surgery. SUMMARY OF BACKGROUND DATA: The use of opioid medications after surgery can lead to incomplete analgesia and may cause undesired side effects such as respiratory depression, somnolence, urinary retention, and nausea. Multimodal (opioid and nonopioid combination) analgesia may be an effective alternative to morphine administration leading to improved postoperative analgesia with diminished side effects. METHODS: After Institutional Review Board approval, 22 patients who underwent a primary multilevel lumbar decompression procedure were randomly assigned to receive either only intravenous morphine or a multimodal (celecoxib, pregabalin, extended release oxycodone) analgesic regimen. Postoperatively, all patients were allowed to receive intravenous morphine on an as needed basis. Intravenous morphine requirements were then recorded immediately postoperative, at 6, 12, 24 hours, and the total requirement before discharge. Patient postoperative pain levels were determined using the visual analog pain scale and were documented at 0, 4, 8, 12, 16, 24, and 36 hours postoperative. RESULTS: There were no significant differences in available patient demographics, intraoperative blood loss, or postoperative hemovac drain output between study groups. Total postoperative intravenous morphine requirements in addition to morphine requirements at all predetermined time points were less in patients randomized to receive the multimodal analgesic regimen. Visual analog pain scores were lower at all postoperative time points in patients randomized to receive the multimodal analgesic regimen. Time to solid food was significantly less in the multimodal group. There were no major identifiable postoperative complications in either treatment group. CONCLUSIONS: Opioid and nonopioid analgesic combinations appear to be safe and effective after lumbar laminectomy. Patients demonstrate lower intravenous morphine requirements, better pain scores, and earlier time to solid food intake.
Vaccination with Adjuvants, Peptides and Elimination of Regulatory Cells: enhancement of the body's anticancer immunity by vaccination; INTERVENTION: Patients are randomly allocated to either Group A or Group B. All patients (groups A and B) will receive eight intradermal injections of 2 ml, consisting of 700ug of HTERT peptides in 1 ml normal saline (NS) mixed with Montanide ISA‐51 VG,1 ml, given at 3 weekly intervals. Topical Imiquimod 12.5 mg will be applied by the patient to the vaccination site day 1‐5 post vaccination. All patients (groups A and B) will receive a 10 day course of low dose oral Cyclophosphamide day 1‐10 of each vaccination cycle. Group B patients will take Celecoxib 400mg bd PO daily for the duration of the trial. CONDITION: Advanced cancer ; Cancer ; Malignant neoplasm, unspecified PRIMARY OUTCOME: To establish that the study is safe, well tolerated and patient acceptable. ; ; Patients wil be asked to complete validated questionaires (Mood Rating Scale, Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale, Patient Attitude to Treatment Scale, FACT‐Biological Response Modifiers) prior to treatment, at each vaccination visit and 4 weeks after the final vaccination. The forms will be evaluated and statistically analysed by Chi square and Fisher's exact tests at the end of treatment. ; ; Morbidity, side effects of treatment, will be documented at each clinic visit. Serious adverse events (SAEs) and sudden unexpected serious adverse reactions (SSUSARs) will be documented if and when they occur. SECONDARY OUTCOME: The generation of specific anticancer immunological responses and objective evidence of clinical responses during the programme.; ; Blood will be taken for assessment of immunological parameters prior to treatment, at each vaccination visit and 4 weeks after the end of treatment. Tumour markers, if present, will also be monitored at each visit and documented.; ; Reduction or stasis of tumour volume will be recorded at each visit if there is measureable tumour. INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Age 18‐85, either sex 2. Histologically or cytologically proven cancer 3. No further beneficial anticancer therapy available 4. Completed treatment at least 4 weeks previously 5. Post menopausal or sterilised or practising contraception 6. WHO status 3 or less 7. Life expectancy at least 30 weeks 8. Ability to give informed written consent
Aspirin for the prevention of cognitive decline in the Elderly: a Neuro-Vascular Imaging Study (ENVIS-ion), a sub-study of ASPirin in Reducing Events in the Elderly (ASPREE); INTERVENTION: Acetylsalicylic acid (aspirin) 100 mg; enteric coated unscored white tablet taken once per day for an average of 3 years CONDITION: Cognitive decline in older adults PRIMARY OUTCOME: Changes in brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) including white matter hyper intensity (WMH) and silent brain infarction (SBI) volumes. Changes in retinal vascular imaging (RVI) parameters, including quantitatively measured retinal arteriolar and venular calibre and the presence of retinal arteriolar pathology. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Cognitive decline as assessed by the following tests; Stoop test (Victoria version), Color Trails test, Digit Symbol Modalities (WAIS test), Modified Mini‐Mental State Examination (3MS), Center for Epidemiologic Studies?Depression questionnaire (CES‐D), Digit Symbol Substitution Test (DSST), Hopkins Verbal Learning Test?Revised (HVLT‐R), Single Letter Fluency Test (SLFT). Death from any cause Fatal and non‐fatal cancer, excluding non‐melanomatous skin cancer Fatal and non‐fatal cardiovascular events including: ; 1. Coronary heart disease death ; 2. Non‐fatal myocardial infarction ; 3. Fatal and non‐fatal stroke ; 4. Hospitalisation for heart failure Incident dementia (defined according to the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual for Mental Disorders 4th edition (DSM‐IV) criteria) Major haemorrhagic events Persistent physical disability (defined as the onset of a lot of difficulty to inability to perform any one of 6 Katz Activities of Daily Living) INCLUSION CRITERIA: All subjects will be aged 70 years or more and capable of attending their usual family physician's clinic, providing informed consent and have no known contraindications to MRI.
Quality of life assessment during six months of NSAID treatment; OBJECTIVE: To identify the time point of the greatest degree of improvement in daily living activities, pain and depression in patients with osteoarthritis (OA) of the knee during 6 months of treatment with NSAIDs, in order to define compliance and drop‐out rate. METHODS: 107 patients were recruited into a multicentre, prospective, randomized, controlled trial comparing two treatments, piroxicam‐beta‐cyclodextrin (PBCD) and slow release diclofenac (DCL). RESULTS: The greatest improvement in quality of life occurred in both groups after 3 months, with a slight further gain observed by the end of treatment. The Stanford Health Assessment Questionnaire score improved (p < 0.05 vs baseline) at 3 and 6 months with PBCD and at 6 months with DCL. The Arthritis Impact Measurement Scale score improved (p < 0.05 vs baseline) after 6 months in both groups. Significant (p < 0.05 vs baseline) improvement in other psychological and pain scores were recorded in both groups after 3 and 6 months. Compliance with treatment at 3 months was 73% for PBCD and 72% for DCL, and was 60% in both groups at 6 months. CONCLUSIONS: The results of this study indicate that the optimal length of time for an NSAID trial in OA patients is 3 months, when assessment of daily living activities is considered as the main outcome criterion.
Antidepressants to maintain remission and improve quality of life and mental health in Crohn’s disease (CD) patients: a pilot randomised controlled trial; INTERVENTION: Fluoxetine was selected based on previous research showing its anti‐inflammatory properties in humans, and in relation to IBD based on findings of studies examining animal models of colitis. Previous human studies have recommended a dose of 20mg daily (which is considered a low therapeutic dose when used in the treatment of depression) and the length of study to be at least 3 to 8 weeks in order to show fluoxetine’s efficacy. However, the present study was concerned with the longitudinal efficacy of fluoxetine as an agent modifying the course of IBD and psychological parameters, and thus treatment was provided for 12 months with the dose of 20mg daily administered orally. A Generic Health brand of fluoxetine was purchased from the RAH pharmacy and the placebo was an inactive tablet produced by Pharmaceutical Packaging Professionals as recommended by the same pharmacy. Treatment with fluoxetine is currently not part of standard practice in gastroenterology, however, in our case‐note audit we demonstrated that a life‐time use of antidepressants in our IBD patients is approx. 30% and thus many patients would have been exposed to antidepressants, including fluoxetine. In the audit, we did not identify any major adverse‐events related to the use of antidepressants in IBD and the interview we conducted with IBD patients currently taking antidepressants demonstrated their acceptance by this population. CONDITION: inflammatory bowel disease PRIMARY OUTCOME: The primary outcome measure was a significant difference in means and proportions of participants in remission on the Crohn's Disease Activity Index (CDAI). The primary outcome measure was a significant difference in means on the World Health Organisation Quality of Life measure (WHOQoL). SECONDARY OUTCOME: The secondary outcome measures was a difference in means on the fecal calprotectin test. The secondary outcome measures was a difference in means on the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS). The secondary outcome measures were differences in means of cytokine/chemokines (changes towards more anti‐inflammatory balance) assessed on the serum assays. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Inclusion criteria Patients had to meet ALL of the following criteria: 1). Established diagnosis of CD; 2). Remission or only mild symptoms of CD (CDAI <150); 3). Have flared CD in the last 12 months (as documented by their treating doctor and demonstrated by either raised inflammatory markers, augmented therapy, high CDAI or calprotectin); 4). Be on stable dose of all their current CD therapies for 12 weeks; 5). Be 18 years old or older; 6). Have a sufficient knowledge of English to understand and answer questionnaires. 7). Have the ability to consent to the study.
Study of Sorafenib With or Without VT-122 in Patients With Hepatocellular Carcinoma (HCC); The most common clinical course of the patient with cancer is local tumor progression leading to the development of metastases, systemic inflammation and the ensuing symptom cluster known as anorexia‐cachexia syndrome. This syndrome includes cachexia (anorexia, weight loss and muscle wasting), fatigue, weakness, pain, dyspnea, nausea, malaise, depression and poor performance status. Patients suffering from this syndrome also have poor tolerance, adherence and response to anti‐cancer therapy, resulting in disease progression and reduced life expectancy. In spite of the dire need, no proven options for treating inflammatory cancer cachexia are currently available. VT‐122 is the co‐administration of the cyclo‐oxygenase 2 (COX‐2) inhibitor, etodolac and the beta‐adrenergic antagonist, propranolol. It is proposed that these drugs can attenuate systemic inflammation and ameliorate the symptoms of inflammatory cachexia in patients with advanced cancer. As a result, this treatment may improve tolerability and adherence to anti‐cancer therapy, thereby yielding direct and indirect benefits in reducing disease progression and improving both the life expectancy and quality of life for patients with advanced cancer. The potentially synergistic activities of beta blockers and COX‐2 inhibitors, their offsetting side effects and their known beneficial impact on co‐morbidities associated with liver failure may make them well‐suited for use with sorafenib, the standard of care for patients with advanced HCC. The purpose of this study is to assess whether use of VT‐122 is safe and effective in cachectic patients with advanced HCC. In addition to assessing cachexia‐related symptoms, the ability of the VT‐122 regimen to improve tolerability to sorafenib and thereby to improve both survival and quality of life will also be assessed.
Patient characteristics associated with opioid versus nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug management of chronic low back pain; Chronic low back pain is both prevalent and costly in many industrialized nations. Although many modalities exist for the treatment of this condition, few are as commonly used or as controversial as the use of opioids. Many sets of guidelines exist for the prescription of opioids for chronic nonmalignant pain, but little evidence addresses what factors actually contribute to the decision to initiate and maintain patients on these drugs. In these studies we first identified 2 groups of 100 patients each, all with chronic low back pain. Group N patients received long‐term nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drug therapy for the treatment of their pain, whereas Group O received opioids long‐term. The identities of the specific analgesics were tabulated. A list of variables including patient characteristics, healthcare utilization factors, and psychologic characteristics were extracted from their medical records. Regression analysis was performed, which resulted in the identification of 4 variables of age, depression, personality disorder, and history of substance abuse as being closely linked to the use of opioids for the treatment of back pain in preference to nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs alone. By using the derived regression equation, 79% of patients could be correctly classified into Group O or Group N. Pain intensity did not predict opioid use. We present alternative explanations for these observations
Post-cesarean section analgesia with low spinal morphine doses and systemic nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug: diclofenac versus Ketoprofen; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: The association of low spinal morphine doses and muscular diclofenac is effective to control postoperative pain after Cesarean section under spinal anesthesia. Ketoprofen, also an NSAID, maybe advantageous over diclofenac because it may be intravenously administered. This study aimed at comparing the analgesic efficacy of diclofenac and ketoprofen in association to low spinal morphine doses in the immediate postoperative period of patients submitted to Cesarean section under spinal anesthesia. METHODS: Participated in this prospective study 44 healthy parturients, physical status ASA I or II, submitted to Cesarean section under spinal anesthesia with 15 mg hyperbaric bupivacaine and 28 [mu]g morphine. Patients were randomly allocated into two groups, 90 minutes after anesthetic induction: Group D (n = 22): 75 mg muscular diclofenac; and Group K (n = 22): 100 mg intravenous ketoprofen diluted in 100 ml of 5% glucose in 20 minutes. Pain was evaluated immediately before NSAID administration and then every hour for six hours, using the Visual Analog Scale of Pain (VAS ‐ 0 cm meaning no pain and 10 cm the worst possible pain). Rescue analgesia was provided by intravenous PCA pump (1mg bolus morphine with 7 minutes lockout interval, without basal infusion and maximum 20 mg morphine dose in 4 hours). The following parameters were evaluated: pain intensity, need for rescue analgesia, cumulative morphine consumption in the first 6 hours following NSAID administration, and the incidence of pruritus, nausea, vomiting and respiratory depression. RESULTS: Both groups were similar in pain intensity, cumulative morphine doses and incidence of pruritus, nausea and vomiting in the first six hours following NSAID administration. CONCLUSIONS: When associated to low spinal morphine doses, ketoprofen was similar to diclofenac in providing postoperative analgesia in the first six hours following Cesarean section under spinal anesthesia. Copyright © 2009 Elsevier B. V., Amsterdam. All Rights Reserved.
Post-Cesarean Section Analgesia with Low Spinal Morphine Doses and Systemic Nonsteroidal Anti-Inflammatory Drug: diclofenac Versus Ketoprofen; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: The association of low spinal morphine doses and muscular diclofenac is effective to control postoperative pain after Cesarean section under spinal anesthesia. Ketoprofen, also an NSAID, maybe advantageous over diclofenac because it may be intravenously administered. This study aimed at comparing the analgesic efficacy of diclofenac and ketoprofen in association to low spinal morphine doses in the immediate postoperative period of patients submitted to Cesarean section under spinal anesthesia. METHODS: Participated in this prospective study 44 healthy parturients, physical status ASA I or II, submitted to Cesarean section under spinal anesthesia with 15 mg hyperbaric bupivacaine and 28 μg morphine. Patients were randomly allocated into two groups, 90 minutes after anesthetic induction: Group D (n = 22): 75 mg muscular diclofenac; and Group K (n = 22): 100 mg intravenous ketoprofen diluted in 100 ml of 5% glucose in 20 minutes. Pain was evaluated immediately before NSAID administration and then every hour for six hours, using the Visual Analog Scale of Pain (VAS ‐ 0 cm meaning no pain and 10 cm the worst possible pain). Rescue analgesia was provided by intravenous PCA pump (1mg bolus morphine with 7 minutes lockout interval, without basal infusion and maximum 20 mg morphine dose in 4 hours). The following parameters were evaluated: pain intensity, need for rescue analgesia, cumulative morphine consumption in the first 6 hours following NSAID administration, and the incidence of pruritus, nausea, vomiting and respiratory depression. RESULTS: Both groups were similar in pain intensity, cumulative morphine doses and incidence of pruritus, nausea and vomiting in the first six hours following NSAID administration. CONCLUSIONS: When associated to low spinal morphine doses, ketoprofen was similar to diclofenac in providing postoperative analgesia in the first six hours following Cesarean section under spinal anesthesia.
Efficacy of IV Acetaminophen in Acute Post-Operative Pain Control in Laparoscopic Roux-en-Y Gastric Bypass Surgery (LRYGBP) Patients; Opioid use during the post‐operative period is a highly effective means of treatment for acute pain, however not without its adverse effects including post‐operative nausea, vomiting (PONV), constipation, urinary retention, sedation and respiratory depression. Such factors have been implied in the literature to contribute to prolonged post‐operative length of stay, delayed return to diet, return of bowel function and increased incidence of ileus. Alternatively, non‐opioids, such as acetaminophen, aspirin, NSAIDs, and selective cyclo‐oxygenase‐2 inhibitors, can be utilized for acute pain, either alone or in combination with opioids. In the bariatric post‐surgical population, NSAIDS both oral and IV (Toradol, Ibuprofen) are not recommended due to their potential bleeding tendency, anti‐inflammatory effect, and ulcerogenic effect. The LRYGBP may be classified as a surgery type associated with mild to moderate post‐operative pain. Therefore, the mode of pain relief could directly affect the length of stay. The advent of IV acetaminophen serves as a opportunity to investigate in detail the efficacy of this non‐opioid medication in the management of acute pain in the immediate post‐operative period without the aforementioned adverse effects as expected from traditional opiate medications. A comprehensive approach to this study includes a prospective, double‐blinded, randomized controlled trial of subjects who will undergo LRYGBP and randomized to the study agent (IV acetaminophen) or placebo.
Neural response to emotional stimuli during experimental human endotoxemia; Increases in peripheral cytokines during acute inflammation may affect various neuropsychological functions. The aim of this functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) study was to investigate the effects of acute endotoxemia on mood and the neural response to emotionally aversive visual stimuli in healthy human subjects. In a double‐blind, randomized crossover study, 18 healthy males received a bolus injection of bacterial lipopolysaccharide (LPS; 0.4 ng/kg) or saline. Plasma levels of pro‐ and anti‐inflammatory cytokines and cortisol as well as mood ratings were analyzed together with the blood‐oxygen‐level dependent (BOLD) response during the presentation of aversive versus neutral pictures. Endotoxin administration induced pronounced transient increases in plasma levels of TNF‐α, IL‐1ra, IL‐6, IL‐10, and cortisol. Positive mood was decreased and state anxiety increased. In addition, activation of right inferior orbitofrontal cortex (OFC) in response to emotional visual stimuli was significantly increased in the LPS condition. Increased prefrontal activation during the presentation of emotional material may reflect enhanced cognitive regulation of emotions as an adaptive response during an acute inflammation. These findings may have implications for the putative role of inflammatory processes in the pathophysiology of depression.
Budesonide for the treatment of inflammatory bowel disease; While corticosteroids are the effective treatment for the symptomatic management of patients with inflammatory bowel disease (IBD), they cause serious side effects. Budesonide is a nonhalogenated glucocorticosteroid structurally related to 16 alpha‐hydroxy‐prednisolone that possesses high topical anti‐inflammatory activity and low systemic activity compared with the conventional steroids prednisone and prednisolone. This favourable activity ratio is achieved because a high affinity to the steroid receptor is coupled with rapid hepatic conversion to metabolites with minimal or no biological activity. Controlled trials in patients with distal ulcerative colitis indicate that budesonide enemas have equivalent or superior efficacy compared with 5‐aminosalicylic acid (5‐ASA) enemas, prednisolone disodium phosphate enemas or methylprednisolone enemas, without causing significant depression of endogenous cortisol levels. Two controlled trials investigating the efficacy of an oral controlled‐ileal release form of budesonide for active Crohn's disease have recently been completed. In the first trial, after eight weeks' treatment budesonide 9 mg daily caused clinical remission in 51% of patients, compared with 20% of patients receiving placebo. Budesonide caused a dose‐related reduction of plasma cortisol responses to adrenocorticotropic hormone stimulation, but was not associated with clinically important corticosteroid‐related symptoms or other toxicity. In a second trial, budesonide 9 mg daily was as effective as prednisolone for induction of remission in active ileocecal Crohn's disease. Budesonide is a potentially promising new therapeutic agent for the management of patients with IBD.
Successful restoration of cell-mediated immune response after cardiopulmonary bypass by immunomodulation; The objectives of this prospective randomized trial were to quantify immunosuppressive effects of cardiopulmonary bypass, to identify mechanisms responsible for postoperative immunosuppression, and to investigate the effects of immunomodulatory intervention on these mechanisms. Sixty patients were studied after cardiopulmonary bypass. Immunomodulatory therapy consisted of the cyclooxygenase inhibitor indomethacin, which blocks the downregulating agent prostaglandin E2, and thymopentin, which enhances T‐lymphocytic activity. Twenty patients each received indomethacin either alone or combined with thymopentin. Twenty patients served as the control population. Our in vitro studies showed a decrease of CD4+ helper/inducer T cells and interleukin‐2 receptor expression on T lymphocytes, while CD8+ suppressor/cytotoxic T cells and monocytes increased. Additionally, a depression of interleukin‐1 and interleukin‐2 synthesis as well as concurrent low gamma‐interferon serum concentrations could be documented. These results indicate a downregulation of cell‐mediated immune response. As an in vivo correlate of the immunomechanistic alterations, patients demonstrated an impaired delayed‐type hypersensitivity response to an antigen skin test battery. These changes in immunoreactivity could be successfully counteracted by the combined immunomodulatory regimen, whereas sole indomethacin treatment could only partially restore depressed host defense parameters. With this study we could demonstrate for the first time that human lymphocytic interleukin‐2 synthesis, which represents the key event among forward regulatory immune mechanisms, can be protected via in vivo immunoaugmentatory therapy and that this therapy can successfully counteract immunosuppressive effects of cardiopulmonary bypass.
Study of Whether 15 mg Dose of Ketorolac IV is as Effective as a 30 mg Dose; Opioids have traditionally been the cornerstone of acute postoperative pain management. Problematic side effects such as nausea, vomiting, ileus, urinary retention, excess sedation, and respiratory depression are significant disadvantages with the use of opioids. Alternative treatments have been sought. The concept of adding a nonsedating non opioid analgesic agent is appealing and has been validated by previous studies. Nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAID) are nonsedating and combine analgesic and anti‐inflammatory properties ideal for pain after surgery. Ketorolac is a potent intravenous nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drug (NSAID), and a non selective cyclooxygenase inhibitor which mediates pain, inflammation and fever. It has been evaluated and used for treatment of moderate to severe pain including postoperative pain. Although intravenous route is not approved by Health Canada, its use is supported in medical literature and clinical practice. Previous studies have demonstrated the effectiveness of standard 30 mg intravenous ketorolac as an adjunct to opioids for postoperative pain relief. Standard parenteral dose recommended by manufacturer for healthy non elderly population is 30 mg based on a number clinical trials. Alberta Health Services (AHS) Pharmacy formulary has approved the intravenous use of ketorolac in the dosage range of 10‐30 mg depending the patient's weight and medical comorbidities. NSAIDs, including ketorolac, have an analgesic ceiling effect in which higher doses do not provide any additional pain relief but may increase the likelihood of side effects. Single dose IM ketorolac have been studied in the past showing no difference in analgesia with the 30 and 90 mg dose. Because of risk of drug toxicity and unwanted side effects, patients should be given the lowest effective ketorolac dose. Low dose ketorolac was studied in the adolescents undergoing spine surgery and showed that dose of 0.2mg/kg (11mg) provides supplemental analgesia postoperatively. However, there were no previous studies found on review of the literature using medline search that look at parallel comparison between intraoperative doses of ketorolac in terms of efficacy and safety profile.
Percutaneous Radiofrequency Treatment of the Cervical Facet joints compared with Cervical Medial Branch block of the Facet Joints for Patients with Chronic Degenerative Neck pain : a Prospective Randomized Clinical Study; INTERVENTION: Patients with at least 3 months of neck pain without radiation to the arm will be randomized in 2 groups. The first group (RFD group) will receive a RF treatment adjacent to the medial branch innervating the cervical facet joints.RF treatment is an accepted, extensively investigated and scientifically described method to interrupt pain nociception. The second group (Control group) will receive an injection of local anaesthetic (bupivacaine) near the cervical medial branch.This is a therapeutic treatment .The efficacy of this last treatment has been described in one Randomized Controlled Trial. CONDITION: ; cervical facet degeneration ; facet arthrosis 10023213 PRIMARY OUTCOME: The primary research question is to evaluate the extent of pain reduction ; induced by RF treatment (RFD group) compared with the control group. ; Following evaluation tools are used : Numeric Rating Scale, Global Perceived ; Effect on Likert Scale.; SECONDARY OUTCOME: Consumption of pain medication (MQS), Patient Specific Functional Scale, ; Quality of life scale (RAND 36), Hospital Anxiety and Depression scale (HADS), ; and Neck Disabilty Inde X(Dutch version). ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) 1) Patient*s age > 25 year 2) Signs of degeneration on lateral X‐ray 3) Cervical facets to be treated between C2 and C7 4) Pain for at least 3 months and conservative treatment prior to referral to the painclinic; medication (paracetamol, NSAID*s) and/or physical therapy 5) Neck pain NRS score * 5
A prospective randomized clinical trial on pain control after major abdominal surgery; This study was conducted in order to investigate the advantages and limitations of four analgesic modalities: a) epidural morphine; b) intravenous morphine; c) patient controlled intravenous morphine (patient‐controlled analgesia); and d) non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs. Eighty patients undergoing major abdominal surgical procedures were prospectively and randomly treated with one of the above‐mentioned analgesic methods. Evaluation of pain perception was done using the visual analogue pain score and the simple descriptive scale 4 hours after the procedure, in the early morning on postoperative day 1 and in the afternoon on postoperative days 1, 2 and 3. The need for supplementary analgesia and the onset of complications, if any, were also evaluated for each patient. Patient‐controlled intravenous morphine yielded the best analgesic effect over the entire period. Epidural morphine was more effective in the very early postoperative period compared to modalities (b) and (d). Non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs, on the other hand, were more effective on the later postoperative days. None of the patients in group C needed supplementary analgesia, as against 20% in group A, 55% in group B and 40% in group D. Patients with hypochondriasis scores > 70 or depression scores > 70 required supplementation of analgesia more often. Morphine proved to be the drug of choice. Drug titration may be modulated in relation to the psychological characteristics of the patient. The best drug titration modality, in fact, is patient‐controlled analgesia.
Impact of levetiracetam on mood and cognition during prednisone therapy; PURPOSE: Corticosteroid excess is associated with impairment in declarative memory and hippocampal changes. In animals, phenytoin blocks the effects of stress on memory and hippocampal histology. Levetiracetam also shows neuroprotective properties in some animal models. This report examines whether levetiracetam prevents mood or cognitive changes secondary to prescription corticosteroids. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Thirty outpatients given systemic corticosteroid therapy for asthma were randomized to either levetiracetam (1500 mg/day) or placebo given concurrently with the corticosteroids. Mood was assessed with the Hamilton rating scale for depression (HRSD), Young mania rating scale (YMRS) and activation (ACT) subscale of the internal state scale, declarative memory with the Rey auditory verbal learning test (RAVLT), and attention and executive functioning with the Stroop color and word test at baseline and after approximately 7 days of corticosteroid plus levetiracetam or placebo therapy. RESULTS: Levetiracetam and placebo groups showed significant improvement from baseline to exit on RAVLT total words recalled with a non‐significant change on other outcomes. No significant between‐group differences were found. Initial prednisone dose showed a significant correlation with change in some cognitive domains. CONCLUSIONS: Levetiracetam was well tolerated when combined with prednisone. Significant between‐group differences in mood and cognition were not found.
Morphine and Meperidine Analgesic Effect Using Intravenous PCA of Intramuscular Diclofenac after Cesarean Section; BACKGROUND: Diclofenac is a nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drug widely used as adjuvants for postoperative pain management with opioid sparing effect. The effect of diclofenac on postoperative opioid analgesia of morphine and meperidine was evaluated in 180 women after cesarean section. METHODS: One hundred eighty parturients were randomly allocated to four groups and each group had 45 women. The parturients were given loading dose of morphine in M group and meperidine in D group using intravenous patient controlled analgesia (PCA) device for up to 48 hours when the parturients awoke and complained abdominal pain. The parturients received diclofenac 75 mg every 12 hours intramuscularly followed by loading dose of morphine in MV group and meperidine in DV group. We evaluated the postoperative opioid requirement, numerical rating pain score, delivery/demand ratio, patient's satisfaction and side effects including respiratory depression, itching, nausea, urinary retention and dizziness. RESULTS: Diclofenac decreased over 40% of morphine or meperidine requirement and also pain score at 1, 2, 3, 6, 12, 24 and 48 hours in the use of PCA morphine and at 6, 12 and 24 hours in the use of PCA meperidine. And the incidence of sedation and itching decreased in MV and DV group. CONCLUSION: We concluded that diclofenac as adjuvant of opioid for postoperative pain after cesarean section could decrease requirement of morphine and meperidine, increase pain relief and decrease sedation and itching. [By kind permission, KoreaMed, Korean Association of Medical Journal Editors.]
Moxibustion for Knee Osteoarthritis; Knee osteoarthritis (OA) is a common joint disease and a leading cause of pain and physical disability in older people. Its symptoms, including pain and physical disability, significantly affect patient's quality of life, and increased depression has been observed in patients with greater pain due to knee OA. Current management options include exercise, weight reduction, Non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) and other pain medication, intra‐articular injections of steroid or hyaluronan, arthroscopic surgery and joint replacement. Except exercise and weight reduction, no known interventions have shown definitive evidence of benefits and safety for knee OA. Thus, it is still worth exploring effective and safe management options for knee OA patients. Moxibustion is one of traditional Asian medicine using the heat stimulation by burning mugwort (mainly Artemisia vulgaris or Artemisia argyi) on acupuncture points, and regarded as a subtype of acupuncture. Previous literatures reported its use on chronic conditions including gastrointestinal disease, hypertension, musculoskeletal pain, cancer care, gynecological conditions and stroke rehabilitation solely or in combination with routine care or other traditional medicine. However, studies adequately evaluating effects and safety of moxibustion for patients with knee OA are insufficient. Given the gaps between little evidence for effects and safety of moxibustion for knee osteoarthritis and its wide use in clinical practice, the investigators attempted to assess the feasibility, effectiveness and safety of moxibustion for patients with knee osteoarthritis.
Clinical therapeutic analysis of TCM for treating chronic cholecystitis; Objective:To observe the therapeutic effect of TCM on chronic cholecystitis and provide effective methods of TCM.Methods: 118 cases of chronic cholecystitis were divided into two groups at random. Therapy group(59 cases) was given syndrome differentiation in TCM according to syndrome of wetness‐heat of liver and gallbladder ,spleen and stomach qi deficiency,liver depression and spleen deficiency,liver and gallbladder stasis and spleen‐kidney yang deficiency. The other group was treated with cholagogic and anti‐inflammatory drugs in Western medicine. Results: The effective rate in therapy group was 91.53%and 69.49% in control group,besides,thn inefficient rate in therapy group was 8.47% (5 cases) and 30.51% (18 cases)i n control group.The difference was significant (P<0.05) .Conclusion: It's obviously beneficial for syndrome differentiation in TCM to treat chronic cholecystitis.which deserves to be popularized,however,it's important to take care of syndrome differentiation methods of chronic cholecystitis in order to treat the symptoms and the causes.
Adjuvant Therapy With Thalidomide After Curative Resection of Hepatocellular Carcinoma; A number of modalities for preventing HCC recurrence after resection have been proposed and analyzed. Both preoperative and adjuvant transcatheter arterial chemoembolization (TACE) were found to be unable to reduce the risk of postoperative recurrence significantly, or confer a survival advantage. Vitamin K (VK) is a fat‐soluble vitamin that regulates clotting factor production by acting as a coenzyme for a VK dependent carboxylase that catalyzes carboxylation of glutamic acid residues into gamma‐carboxyglutamic acid. The findings in vitro have indicated that VK2 has an antiproliferative effects against hepatoma cell lines, but its efficacy in suppressing HCC recurrence was not confirmed in human studies. Interferon has a variety of biologic properties, including antiviral, immunomodulatory, antiproliferative, antiangiogenic and tumoricidal effects. It is reported that interferon is effective in preventing the development of HCC recurrence after its curative treatment in HCV‐related cirrhosis. However, interferon treatment also has side‐effects, including flu‐like symptoms, fatigue, neutropenia, thrombocytopenia, depression, bone marrow suppression, and unmasking or exacerbation of autoimmune illnesses, which lead either to treatment disruption or dose modification. Polyprenoic acid, an acyclic retinoid, reportedly is effective in prevention of second primary hepatomas, but long‐term safety and efficacy data are lacking. Thalidomide possesses immunomodulatory,anti‐inflammatory, and antiangiogenic properties.It has successfully been applied for the treatment of various malignancies including HCC.To investigated whether postoperative adjuvant therapy with Thalidomide could inhibite the recurrence of HCC after radical resection,we planed to conduct this clinical trial.
Perioperative Intravenous Lidocaine or Epidural Anesthesia on Outcomes in Complex Spine Surgery; According to a survey of 1570 U.S neurosurgeons, in the United States about 527.000 spine surgeries were done in 1999. This represents close to 65% of the procedures performed by neurosurgeons. Furthermore, the number of hospitalizations related with spine surgery has significantly increased since 1970. IV PCA is considered the standard of care for postoperative pain control after surgery. Intravenous opioids have significant side effects such as respiratory depression, postoperative nausea and vomiting and sedation. Furthermore, they cause delayed return of bowel function and ileus. There is the possibility of surgically inserting a catheter into the epidural space at the end of surgery. In general epidural analgesia provides excellent pain relief after surgery and decreases opioid consumption significantly und thus opioid related postoperative complications. Furthermore epidural anesthesia affects the surgical stress response and might decrease inflammatory responses after surgery, thereby improving postoperative recovery and mobilization of the patients. Intravenous local anesthetics have potent anti‐inflammatory properties. They also decrease postoperative opioid consumption. Clinical studies have shown that perioperative local anesthetic administration significantly reduces the incidence of thrombosis and postoperative pain, shortens postoperative ileus and decreases duration of hospitalization.
Simvastatin Therapy for Moderate and Severe COPD; COPD exacerbation is a common complication that significantly contributes to the high morbidity, mortality and costs associated with COPD. COPD exacerbations are associated with heightened lung inflammation that may have systemic implications (e.g., peripheral muscle weakness, cognitive impairment, depression, stroke, acute coronary syndrome, and atherosclerosis). Statins are potent agents that significantly reduce vascular events in patients with increased risks due to prior cardiac or cerebral vascular events and elevated lipid profiles. Statins have pleiotropic effects that extend well beyond their lipid lowering effects and may be potent anti‐inflammatory agents. Retrospective data conducted in COPD patients indicate that statin use is associated with markedly decreased rates of COPD hospitalization and stabilization of lung function. Decreases in mortality in COPD due to complications of flu‐like illnesses and deaths due to cardiovascular events have also been reported. Inflammatory biomarkers (C‐reactive protein and interleukin‐ 6) are reported to be elevated in moderate to severe COPD patients who are prone to exacerbations. Inflammatory biomarkers (C‐reactive protein and interleukin‐ 6) are reported to be reduced by statin therapy in patients with hyperlipidemia and cardiovascular diseases. Treatments that can effectively lessen the prevalence and severity of COPD exacerbations are desperately needed
The effect of budesonide in perennial rhinitis; A recently synthesized, non‐halogenated steroid, budesonide, with high local anti‐inflammatory properties, but with low systemic effect, was tested as a nasal spray in the treatment of patients with perennial rhinitis. Used in a dose of 200 micrograms and 400 micrograms budesonide per day in a double‐blind cross‐over study in 36 patients it was found to have an excellent and dose‐dependent effect on nasal blockage and discharge as well as on sneezing bouts. Budesonide caused a considerable decrease in the nasal symptoms in 21 patients with demonstrable cutaneous and RAST allergy, as well as in a group of 15 patients without. The same alleviation of symptoms was noted in 22 patients with nasal eosinophilia but not in a group of 14 patients without. To determine possible adverse reactions during long term treatment, 15 patients with perennial rhinitis used budesonide as a nasal spray for more than two years. No adverse reactions serious enough to discontinue the treatment were noted in any of the patients. Haematologic parameters as well as adrenal gland function were monitored throughout the first 1.5 years. No depression was noted. Biopsy specimens of the nasal mucosae did not show any significant evidence of increased metaplasia.
The Analgesic Effect of Ketorolac Administered in a Hemorrhoidectomy; BACKGROUND: Moderate to severe postoperative pain is still treated with an intermittent intramuscular injection of narcotics. Recently introduced ketorolac is a nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drug that has analgesic property comparable to morphine and does not increase opioid‐associated side effects such as respiratory depression, nausea and vomiting. We evaluate the analgesic effect of ketorolac directly injected around the anal sphincter muscle during a hemorrhoidectomy. METHODS: Forty adult patients undergoing hemorrhoidectomy were randomly assigned to one of two groups. Both groups received the operation under saddle block and by one surgeon. We administered 60 mg of ketorolac to one group (ketorolac group, n = 20) and the other group (control group, n = 20) received no pain medication intraoperatively. Postoperative visual analogue pain scores (VAS), analgesic requirements and side effects were examined and compared between two groups. RESULTS: VAS at 6 hours after surgery were significantly less (P<0.05) in the ketorolac group (3.1+/‐1.5) than in the control group (6.0+/‐1.2) and demerol consumption during the first 6 hours after surgery in the ketorolac group was significantly less (P<0.05) than in the control group (35 mg vs 62.5 mg). The ketorolac group also showed significantly less incidence of urinary retention than the control group (P <0.05). CONCLUSIONS: 60 mg of ketorolac administered during hemorrhoidectomy was partially effective for postoperative pain control and the incidence of urinary retention was significantly reduced. [By kind permission, KoreaMed, Korean Association of Medical Journal Editors.]
Post-craniotomy pain in adult patients; Backgrounds : While opioids are normally the drugs of choice for acute postoperative pain, their use in neurosurgical patients is associated with numerous problems such as respiratory depression and pupillary constriction. Because of this, non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) may be a better choice for relief of post‐craniotomy pain. This study was designed to investigate the efficacy of two intravenous NSAIDs in relieving post‐craniotomy pain. Patients & Methods: 30 patients undergoing craniotomy who had adequate respiratory efforts and a good response to verbal commands, were allocated to two study groups randomly, receiving either 30 mg of ketorolac (Group K) or 20 mg of tenoxicam (Group T) intravenously. Heart rate, respiratory rate, NIBP, pain and nausea scores were recorded before the administration of the test drug and every 2 hours for the next 8 hours. Pain and nausea were assessed using the verbal response scale (VRS) and nausea assessment scale respectively. If the patient spontaneously complained of pain or if the VRS score was =3, rescue analgesia (75 mg diclofenac i.m.) was administered. Results: The patients in both the groups were comparable in age, weight and duration of surgery. 69% of the patients experienced moderate and 26% experienced severe pain at the beginning of the study. After therapeutic intervention with either tenoxicam or ketorolac, pain decreased in both the groups. There was no difference in VRS score between the groups. Conclusion: Postoperative pain is common after craniotomy. Both tenoxicam and ketorolac are equally effective in relieving moderate to severe pain in post‐craniotomy patients.
Single intravenous and oral doses of fenflumizole: pharmacokinetics and effects on prostanoid formation; Fenflumizole is a substituted triaryl‐imidazole with anti‐inflammatory activity. Its disposition in man was studied after single intravenous and oral doses to 8 healthy male volunteers. Formation of the prostanoids thromboxane B2 (TXB2) and 6‐keto‐prostaglandin F1 alpha (6‐k‐PGF1 alpha) in clotting blood was studied concomitantly. The pharmacokinetics after intravenous doses (0.1 mg/kg) could be fitted to a three compartment model and the half‐lives (t 1/2) corresponding to the three phases were 2 min., 1 hour and 15 hours, respectively. The volume of distribution was 386 l and the plasma clearance 0.5 l per min. Oral doses (0.5 mg/kg) were rapidly absorbed (t 1/2 = 0.2 hr) and the following elimination from plasma had two phases with half‐lives of 1 hour and 14 hours. Bioavailability was 50% due to a pronounced first‐pass effect. The two metabolites mono‐ and didemethylfenflumizole were detected after both oral and intravenous doses and their maximum plasma concentrations occurred after 1‐2 hours irrespective of the administration route. A concentration dependent depression of prostanoid formation was seen, the IC50 for TXB2 and 6‐k‐PGF1 alpha being 19 and 53 ng/ml respectively.
Effect of homocysteine-lowering therapy on vascular endothelial function and exercise performance in coronary patients with hyperhomocysteinaemia; OBJECTIVE: This study was performed to determine the effect of homocysteine‐lowering therapy (HLT) on endothelium‐dependent vasodilation (EDD) and exercise performance in patients with coronary artery disease. METHODS AND RESULTS: Among the patients who were on the waiting list for coronary intervention, 26 male patients (plasma homocysteine (Hcy) levels > 15 micromol/l) who had a focal stenosis of at least 70% in the left anterior descending artery were included in the study. The patients were matched to receive HLT (n = 15; 0.4 mg of folic acid, 2 mg vitamin B6 and 6 microg of vitamin B12) or placebo (n = 11) until the coronary intervention was performed (mean 3.8 +/‐ 0.9 weeks). Brachial artery vasomotion test and treadmill stress testing were performed at baseline and 4 weeks after HLT before the time of coronary intervention in each patient. Hcy levels were found to be decreased significantly after HLT compared to baseline (23.4 +/‐ 6 vs. 11.3 +/‐ 4 micromol/l; p < 0.001) whereas placebo had no effect. HLT but not placebo produced a marked improvement in EDD, from 3.9 +/‐ 1.1% to 9.4 +/‐ 2.3% (p < 0.0001). Endothelium‐independent nitroglycerin‐induced dilation was similar in the HLT and placebo groups compared with the baseline. In the exercise testing, HLT resulted in a significant improvement in exercise duration and reduction in the amount of maximal ST‐segment depression, (from 6.5 +/‐ 2 to 6.9 +/‐ 2 min, p = 0.02 and from 1.2 +/‐ 0.7 to 0.8 +/‐ 0.5 mm, p = 0.01, respectively) whereas placebo did not. CONCLUSION: Lowering Hcy levels improves EDD and exercise performance while reducing the exercise‐induced myocardial ischaemia in patients with coronary heart disease and hyperhomocysteinaemia.
Mindfulness-Based Stress Reduction (MBSR) Symptom Cluster Trial for Breast Cancer Survivors; Breast cancer survivors are living longer and may be living with many symptoms incurred from the disease and its treatment. Survivors from 1 to 2 years off treatment report continued fatigue, depression, pain and sleep disturbances (Kenefick 2006; Byar et al. 2006). Patients often present with several concurrent symptoms (Dodd et al. 2001; Esper and Heidrich 2005). It is believed that symptoms tend to cluster together (two or more concurrent symptoms related to one another and independent of other symptoms) and may have natural associations, similar shared pathways and underlying mechanisms (Barsevick 2007). Currently, little is known about how symptoms cluster in breast cancer survivors after treatment, underlying mechanisms, and if interventions can influence multiple symptoms simultaneously (Lee et al. 2004; Cleeland et al. 2003). Very few studies have tested interventions during post‐treatment survivorship (Cimprich et al. 2005; Mishel et al. 2005; Stanton et al. 2005; Scheier et al. 2005). Mindfulness‐Based Stress Reduction (MBSR), a standardized form of meditation and yoga, has been shown to be effective in reducing anxiety, depression and stress in patients with chronic pain (Kabat‐Zinn et al. 1992; Miller et al. 1995; Teasdale et al. 2000; Kabat‐Zinn et al. 1985). Preliminary results from 2 pilot studies conducted by our research team provide support that MBSR for breast cancer survivors may be effective in markedly reducing symptoms, increasing quality of life, and decreasing fears of recurrence (Lengacher et al. 2009; Lengacher et al. 2006). This proposed study builds on our preliminary data of the MBSR Breast Cancer Program (BC) to reduce stress, biological markers of the stress response (pro‐inflammatory cytokines) and improve physical, and psychological symptoms and quality of life in breast cancer survivors. We aim to determine: (i) the extent to which the MBSR(BC) program is efficacious in improving outcomes; (ii) whether positive effects from MBSR(BC) are mediated through increased mindfulness and reduced fear of recurrence; and (iii) if a subgroup of patients can be determined to derive the most benefit from MBSR(BC). Formal specific aims are as follows: Aim (1). Evaluate the efficacy of the MBSR(BC) program in improving psychological and physical symptoms, quality of life and measures of immune function and a stress hormone (cortisol). We hypothesize that compared to the usual care regimen, patients randomly assigned to the MBSR(BC) program will experience greater improvements at 6 weeks and sustained improvements at 12 weeks in the following: 1. Individual psychological symptoms, including depression anxiety, and perceived stress; 2. Individual physical symptoms, including pain, fatigue and sleep dysfunction; 3. Quality of life; 4. Biological stress markers (pro‐inflammatory immune cytokines, cellular adhesion molecules, lymphocyte subsets) and a stress‐related hormone (cortisol). Aim (2). Test whether positive effects achieved from the MBSR(BC) program (defined in 1a‐1d) are mediated through changes in mindfulness and fear of recurrence of breast cancer. We hypothesize that: 1. Patients in the MBSR(BC) program will report greater increases in mindfulness and larger reductions in fear of recurrence compared to patients assigned to the usual care regimen. 2. Increased mindfulness will relate directly to improvements in psychological and physical symptoms, quality of life and measures of immune function and a stress hormone (cortisol). 4. A primary pathway through which MBSR exerts its positive effects (defined in 1a‐1d) will be through increased mindfulness leading to reduced fear of recurrence of cancer. 1. High anxiety, high perceived stress, low optimism and poor quality of life 3. Reductions in fear of recurrence will be associated with improvements in psychological and physical symptoms, quality of life and measures of immune function and a stress hormone (cortisol). Aim (3). Evaluate whether positive effects achieved from the MBSR(BC) program (defined in 1a‐1d) are modified by specific patient characteristics measured at baseline. We hypothesize that efficacy of the MBSR(BC) program will be greatest among patients with: 2. Specific symptom profiles (i.e. highly distressed patients), as determined by grouping (clustering) patients according to their presenting symptoms. To achieve this research goal, we have proposed a 2‐group randomized clinical trial among 300 breast cancer survivors who have undergone lumpectomy and/or mastectomy and radiation and/or chemotherapy in the past two years. The MBSR(BC) program will be evaluated against a waitlisted usual care regimen (UC), with patient assessments made at baseline, 6 weeks, and 12 weeks. Patient assessments will provide data on depression, state anxiety, perceived stress, fatigue, pain, sleep, symptom severity, quality of life, mindfulness, fear of recurrence, optimism and social support. Additionally, blood and saliva samples will be collected from participants. Biological stress markers will be measured by blood specimen collection; biological stress markers will include pro‐inflammatory and anti‐inflammatory cytokines (IL‐1β, TNF‐α, IL‐6, IL‐10, IL‐1‐RA, TNF‐RA, IL‐8, IFN‐gamma), cellular adhesion markers (CD11a, CD54, CD62L, CD45RA, CD45RO) and lymphocyte subsets (CD3, CD19, CD16+56). A stress hormone, cortisol, will be measured by saliva specimen collection. The MBSR(BC) intervention is an adapted 6‐week program that follows the curriculum of an 8‐week program established by Kabat Zinn and Santorelli. Prior to formal hypothesis testing, the distributions of all explanatory and outcome variables, as well as covariates, will be examined. For outcome variables with skewed distributions, appropriate transformations (e.g. square root, logarithmic, etc.) will be performed to satisfy normality requirements for parametric multivariable linear modeling. This will include choosing the transformation which yields the lowest Anderson‐Darling score. In instances in which appropriate transformations cannot be achieved, non‐parametric methods will be used. Results from this study will advance conceptual and clinical knowledge of how a stress‐reducing intervention impacts symptoms among breast cancer survivors and in whom it may be most efficacious. Determining stress‐related biological effects may be applicable to other stress‐reducing intervention studies. This symptom and symptom cluster assessment and intervention model will further our understanding of biology and behavior and test a predictive and personalized model of health care.
A Comparison of NSAID and Intramuscular Stimulation Therapy Effectiveness in the Female Patient with Chronic Shoulder Pain; BACKGROUND: Chronic shoulder pain draws the attention of doctors since it is a very common and serious disease at primary care level. The patients with this pain usually have a tendency to see many doctors, to take an abundance of medication, and sometimes to even suffer from depression. The pain and the symptoms thereof often disable the patients in their every day lives. This study aims to seek the most efficient way of treatment between two therapies, namely, the existing drug therapy based on NSAID and the intramuscular stimulation (herein after IMS) therapy, which has recently been introduced, by comparing them in accordance with the following method. METHODS: The two therapies were applied for 3 weeks to female patients aged between 50 and 70 who had visited a hospital over a period of more than 3 months due to this type of pain. The patients were randomly given each therapy although the treatment and monitoring was done by the same physiotherapist. The monitoring was performed four times, the day before the start of treatment, 1 week, 2 weeks and 3 weeks after respectively. It measured the following elements: (1) pain scale by VAS (Visual Analogue Scale), (2) Sleep hygiene scale by VAS, (3) ROM (Range of Motion), Repeated measure ANOVA was used for analysis. RESULTS: While both therapies reduced the pain significantly during the 3 weeks, the study showed that IMS was more effective than the drug therapy in every element monitored (p<0.05). IMS turned out to be more effective the 1st week in every measured element, however, the drug therapy was more effective the 3rd week if compared to the 2nd week in terms of Sleep VAS score. CONCLUSION: IMS is more effective in easing chronic shoulder pain since it has better results than NSAID in pain VAS score, sleep VAS score and ROM. [By kind permission, KoreaMed, Korean Association of Medical Journal Editors.]
Effect of Parecoxib on Post-craniotomy Pain; Neurosurgical patients undergoing brain procedures (craniotomy patients) are known to suffer moderately severe postoperative pain and high rates of post‐operative nausea and vomiting. Post‐craniotomy pain is poorly treated with more than 50% of craniotomy patients experiencing postoperative pain of moderate or severe intensity. Fear of drug complications such as sedation, respiratory depression, seizures and intracranial bleeding has inhibited prescribing of effective pain treatment.Non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDS) are known to be effective analgesics in the peri‐operative period however there use in cranial neurosurgery has been limited due to risk of bleeding. Parecoxib is an injectable form of NSAID that works through inhibiting cyclo‐oxygenase type‐2 (COX‐2). The main benefit of COX‐2 inhibitors is that they have minimal inhibition of platelet function and therefore minimal risk of increased bleeding.This project aims to evaluate whether parecoxib is an effective pain reliever (analgesic) after brain surgery. Patients aged 18‐65 years presenting for elective craniotomy will be randomly allocated to two different analgesic programs (i) IV parecoxib and IV paracetamol or (ii) IV paracetamol. All patients will receive a standardised anaesthetic. Scalp infiltration, using 20mls of local anesthetic (bupivacaine 0.5% with adrenaline), will occur prior to skin incision. Intermittent morphine administration will used post‐operatively to ensure adequate analgesia in each arm of the trial. Immediate post‐operative adjunctive analgesia will be provided with nurse administered IV morphine in the post‐anaesthetic care unit (PACU) as per protocol (RMH protocol for opioid titration), followed by patient controlled analgesia (PCA) morphine once the verbal rating scale is < 4 (rating out of ten). A score of less than four is considered to be mild pain. PCA will be continued for the first twenty‐four hours then discontinued. Patients will then receive strict oral paracetamol and nurse administered IV morphine as required. The primary study endpoint will be morphine consumption in the first 24 hours. Data will be analysed on an intention to treat basis. Continuous variables will be graphed to determine their distribution. Normally distributed variables will be described using mean and standard deviation and compared using Student's t‐tests. Skewed variables will be described using median and range (or interquartile range) and compared using Wilcoxon rank sum tests. A p‐value les than 0.05 will be considered statistically significant.
Double-blind, placebo-controlled analgesic study of ibuprofen or rofecoxib in combination with paracetamol for tonsillectomy in children; BACKGROUND: The analgesics used for paediatric tonsillectomy may be associated with side‐effects such as sedation, respiratory depression and vomiting (opioids) or increased bleeding [non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs)]. In our institution, we employ a combination of paracetamol, NSAID and opioid, although there is no published evidence of analgesic benefit from adding NSAIDs to paracetamol in children. METHODS: This randomized, double‐blinded clinical study examined the analgesic effectiveness of combining paracetamol (20 mg kg(‐1)) with rofecoxib (0.625 mg kg(‐1)), ibuprofen (5 mg kg(‐1)) or placebo as premedication for (adeno)tonsillectomy (n=98) in children aged 3‐15 yr. Intravenous fentanyl 1‐2 microg kg(‐1) was given intraoperatively. Regular oral paracetamol (15 mg kg(‐1), 4 hourly) was given after operation and could be supplemented on request from the child with oral ibuprofen 5 mg kg(‐1) or oral codeine 1 mg kg(‐1). The primary outcome variable was need for early supplementary analgesia (within 2 h after surgery). RESULTS: The addition of ibuprofen to paracetamol reduced the need for early analgesia from 72% to 38% of children (difference 34%; 95% confidence interval 4‐64%). The addition of rofecoxib to paracetamol did not significantly alter the need for early analgesia (68 vs 72%). Pain scores were higher in those children who required early analgesia. There were no differences between the groups in operative blood loss or complications, total 24‐h analgesic consumption, pain scores at 4 and 8 h, vomiting or antiemetic use. CONCLUSION: This study provides evidence to support the combination of ibuprofen (but not rofecoxib) with paracetamol for perioperative analgesia in children.
ACE-inhibition with perindopril in essential hypertensive patients with concomitant diseases. The Perindopril Therapeutic Safety Collaborative Research Group; PURPOSE: Many hypertensive patients have other, usually long‐term diseases. Antihypertensive therapy may interfere with these diseases and their therapies. In the present study, the possible interactions of the ACE‐inhibitor perindopril with several of the most common long‐term diseases was evaluated. PATIENTS AND METHODS: In a multicenter, double‐blind, randomized, placebo‐controlled trial, the effect of perindopril was evaluated in 490 patients with mild essential hypertension and any one of the following concomitant diseases: hyperlipidemia, type II diabetes mellitus, ischemic heart disease, cardiac arrhythmia, peripheral arterial occlusive disease, nephropathy with proteinuria, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, or degenerative joint disease treated with nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs). After a 3‐week single‐blind placebo run‐in, the patients received either perindopril (4 mg/d) or matching placebo for 6 weeks. RESULTS: Blood pressure was effectively reduced by perindopril irrespective of the associated disease. The rate of spontaneously reported side effects was low. Treatment with perindopril was free from adverse interactions with the concomitant diseases and therapies. Moreover, favorable actions could be observed in patients with ischemic heart disease (reduction of maximal ST‐segment depression during peak exercise and decrease in the number of angina attacks), in patients with proteinuria (decrease in albuminuria in patients with normal serum creatinine levels), and in patients with NSAID‐treatment (increase in prostaglandin E2 concentration in gastric mucosa suggesting gastric cytoprotection). CONCLUSION: This trial shows that ACE‐inhibition with perindopril represents a simple, safe, and effective short‐term therapeutic option for the large proportion of patients with mild essential hypertension and concomitant diseases and therapies.
Effects of piroxicam on prostaglandin E2 levels in rectal mucosa of adenomatous polyp patients: a randomized phase IIb trial; Prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) has served as a surrogate end point biomarker in colorectal tumor progression. Colonic mucosa PGE2 levels of patients with colorectal adenomas or carcinomas have been shown to be higher than in control subjects. Our dose‐finding study on piroxicam, a nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drug with chemopreventive effects in preclinical colon carcinoma models, suggested that 7.5 mg/day was well tolerated and associated with significant depression of rectal mucosa PGE2 concentrations in comparison with baseline values. We therefore conducted a randomized Phase IIb cancer prevention clinical trial to investigate the chemopreventive properties of piroxicam in patients with a history of resected colorectal adenomatous polyps. After a 2‐month run‐in period, 47 participants were randomized to piroxicam at a dose of 7.5 mg/day, and 49 were randomized to a placebo. Rectal biopsy specimens were taken at the initial visit, at 2 months later during the run‐in period, and at 6, 12, and 24 months after the start of the interventions. Mean PGE2 concentrations in the rectal mucosa of the piroxicam‐treated patients differed significantly between visits (P < 0.001), and the values at the 6‐month visit (P < 0.001) and 12‐month visit (P = 0.005) differed significantly from the average baseline value. Unfortunately, we observed an incidence of adverse gastrointestinal side effects in patients treated with 7.5 mg/day of piroxicam similar to that seen for arthritis patients treated with 20 mg/day. Consequently, the gastrointestinal toxicities appear to override the potential benefit that piroxicam may offer as a long‐term colon cancer chemopreventive agent.
Ketorolac use for postoperative pain management following lumbar decompression surgery: a prospective, randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial; STUDY DESIGN: Prospective randomized double‐blind placebo‐controlled study. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to assess the efficacy of Ketorolac in reducing postoperative pain and morphine requirements following primary multilevel lumbar decompression surgery. SUMMARY OF BACKGROUND DATA: The use of opioid medications following surgical interventions can be complicated by related side effects such as respiratory depression, somnolence, urinary retention, and delayed time to oral intake. The use of Ketorolac, a potent nonopioid, nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drug, is an attractive alternative to morphine as many of the opioid‐related side effects can be avoided. METHODS: After Institutional Review Board approval, 25 patients who underwent a primary multilevel lumbar decompression procedure were randomly assigned to receive either Ketorolac or placebo in a double‐blinded fashion. After surgery, all patients were allowed to receive intravenous morphine on an as needed basis. Morphine requirements were then recorded immediately postoperative, at 6, 12, and at 24 hours postoperative. A patient's overall hospital course morphine requirement was also assessed. Patient postoperative pain levels were determined using the Visual Analog Pain Scale and were documented at 4, 8, 12, 16, 24, and 36 hours postoperative. RESULTS: There were no significant differences in available patient demographics, intraoperative blood loss, or postoperative Hemovac drain output between study groups. Morphine equivalent requirements were significantly less at all predetermined time points in addition to the overall hospital morphine requirement in patients randomized to receive Ketorolac. Visual Analog Pain Scores were significantly lower in patients randomized to receive Ketorolac immediately postoperative in addition to 4, 12, and 16 hours postoperative. There were no identifiable postoperative complications associated with the use of Ketorolac. CONCLUSION.: Intravenous Ketorolac seems to be a safe and effective analgesic agent following multilevel lumbar decompressive laminectomy. Patients can expect lower morphine requirements and better pain scores throughout their postoperative course.
Nefopam strongly depresses the nociceptive flexion (R(III)) reflex in humans; Nefopam hydrochloride has been commercialized as an analgesic drug in most Western European countries for 20 years. It has been shown to possess analgesic activity with a profile distinct from that of opioids or anti‐inflammatory drugs. In order to define the mechanisms of action of this pharmacological agent, we studied, in a double‐blind and cross‐over fashion, its effects on the nociceptive flexion (R(III)) reflex and the corresponding pain sensation in ten healthy volunteers. The R(III), reflex elicited by electrical stimulation of the sural nerve was recorded from the biceps femoris. Two experiments were performed on each volunteer at an interval of 7 days. On each experimental day, four recruitment (intensity‐response) curves of the R(III) reflex were constructed: before (control period) and then 30, 60 and 90 min after the intravenous injection of nefopam (20 mg) or a placebo. Nefopam induced a powerful depression of the nociceptive R(III) reflex. It increased the threshold of the reflex and decreased the slope of the recruitment curve. At the same time, it decreased the painful sensations (as measured with a visual analogue scale(VAS)) elicited by the maximum stimulus intensity. These data suggest that nefopam probably produces its analgesic action through central (spinal and/or supraspinal) mechanisms. However, complementary peripheral mechanisms cannot be excluded on the basis of the present study. In view of these results, it seems that new clinical studies will have to be undertaken to revisit this potent analgesic agent and try to limit its adverse effects (i.e. nausea, vomiting, sweating). Its fast onset of action could clearly be an advantage, notably in the treatment of post‐operative pain.
Ketorolac vs tramadol in the treatment of postoperative pain during maxillofacial surgery; BACKGROUND: This study aims to assess the best postoperative analgesia during maxillofacial surgery by using small doses of ketorolac or tramadol or their association and evaluates the presence of adverse effects due to NSAID or opioid use. METHODS: After their informed consent, 51 patients ASA I and II undergoing major maxillofacial surgery, were randomised in three groups and the following protocol was used: group K received ketorolac (30 mg i.v.) at the time of skin closure and repeated after 8 hrs and 16 hrs from the end of the operation. Group T received tramadol (100 mg i.v.) in the same condition; and group KT received first tramadol (100 mg i.v.) during surgery and then ketorolac (30 mg) was given in the administrations that followed. Meperidine 50 mg was used in case of unsatisfactory analgesia. Pain was evaluated using pain intensity scores 2, 4, 6, 12 and 24 hours from the end of the operation. Data was analysed using Anova and c2 test. RESULTS: The groups were comparable with regard to age, weight, duration of surgery. Very good postoperative analgesia was recorded in three groups. There is no difference statistically between K, T and KT groups in the pain scores measured. Only a low number of patients required opioids administration to achieve adequate analgesia. The patients were considered to have achieved excellent analgesia in 64.8% in T group, in 41.2% of the K group and in 58.8% of the KT group. There were no cases of insufficient analgesia. We did not find a significant difference considering BP, HR, respiratory depression in the post‐operative period. Vomiting was registered in 41.2% of this T group vs 11.2% of the K group and in 35.5% of the KT group. CONCLUSIONS: Ketorolac and Tramadol produced comparable, effective and low cost postoperative analgesia during maxillofacial surgery. There are only statistically significant differences considering side effects.
Duloxetine for Pain in Older Adults With Knee Osteoarthritis (OA); Osteoarthritis (OA), a common disabling condition, is the commonest type of arthritis worldwide.Pain is the leading symptom and is often chronic in na. Current treatment options have had limited symptomatic effect and are associated with significant side effects. Duloxetine, a selective serotonin norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor has been demonstrated to have, besides its antidepressant properties, a centrally acting analgesic effect. The aim of the present study was to investigate the efficacy of duloxetine in reducing pain in older adults with knee OA. 288 patients aged 65 years and above with ACR clinical and radiographic criteria of primary knee OA attending the outpatient clinic of our institution were enrolled in this study. All patients underwent a physical examination and where questioned about the number of flares. Exclusion criteria included any inflammatory, autoimmune, psychiatric illness and morbid obesity. Patients were randomized 1:1. One hundred and forty four received 60mg/day of duloxetine HCL and 144 received placebo together with their usual therapy for 16 weeks. The primary outcome measure was pain reduction. Secondary outcome measures included improvements in physical functioning scores. Pain was assessed using the Brief Pain Inventory (BPI) and Visual Analogue pain Scale, (VAS, 0‐100 mm). Functional assessment using the self‐reported physical function as measured with the Western Ontario and McMaster Universities Osteoarthritis Index (WOMAC), WOMAC pain and stiffness scores and the Geriatric Depression Scale (GDS) was conducted. Alterations in dosage of analgesic/NSAID drugs used were recorded. Safety and tolerability were also assessed. Data was collected at baseline and at monthly intervals for 4 months. All staff involved in data collection was blinded to the treatment assignment groups.
Intra-operative Ketamine Infusions in Opioid-dependent Patients With Chronic Lower Back Pain; Noxious stimuli occurring intra‐operatively and post‐operatively generate central sensitization, decreasing pain thresholds and ultimately increasing analgesic requirements. The pathophysiology of central sensitization is thought to involve excitatory amino acid receptors that have been implicated in the prolongation of painful states in animal models. The N‐methyl‐d‐aspartate (NMDA) receptor is one such excitatory amino acid receptor (1, 2). The underlying mechanism of central sensitization is thought to involve c‐fiber associated injury occurring with incision. Crile and Wall brought about the concept that attenuation of central sensitization could be accomplished via the provision of analgesic interventions (opioids, local anesthesia) prior to the noxious insult. They termed the central sensitization attenuation preemptive analgesia. The concept of preemptive analgesia was later expanded to implicate both pre and post‐incisional noxious stimuli as part of this process, resulting in studies designed to provide interventions throughout the surgical intervention (peri‐procedural) (3). Reduction in analgesic requirements or pain scores for more than five half‐lives (1st order kinetics) following the provision of the intervening analgesic agent peri‐procedurally is now known as preventative analgesia. The term preemptive analgesia is now reserved for interventions that occur only before the noxious stimuli. Multiple studies have investigated the concepts of preemptive analgesia and preventative analgesia by providing a variety of analgesic interventions at various times throughout the surgical insult in addition to more conventional means of anesthesia provision, including opioids, Non‐Steroidal Anti‐Inflammatory Drugs (NSAID)s, Cyclooxygenase‐II (COX‐2) inhibitors, alpha‐2 agonists, and ketamine (4, 5, 6). Preemptive and preventative analgesia using a variety of pharmacological agents with at least partially known mechanisms of actions has provided some insight into potential mechanisms of central sensitization. Laminectomy procedures provide a unique opportunity to evaluate the preemptive and preventative impact of ketamine on the primary end points of acute post‐operative pain scores and opioid consumption in a patient population with opioid dependence and a high degree of post‐operative and intra‐operative noxious stimuli. The goal of this double blinded, randomized placebo controlled trial will be to test for the presence of, and quantify, the preemptive and preventative analgesic effects of ketamine infusions in this patient population. Such insight may lead to better pain control, improved satisfaction, and ultimately a reduction in side‐effects related to post‐operative opioid use including but not limited to respiratory depression, constipation, and delirium. Ketamine is a N‐methyl‐d‐aspartate (NMDA) receptor antagonist that has been shown to be useful in the reduction of acute postoperative pain and analgesic consumption in a variety of surgical interventions with variable routes of administration. It has also been shown to be effective in the presence and absence of opioids, suggesting that it has more than one mechanism of action in preemptive and preventative analgesia, including but not limited to decreasing central excitability, decreasing acute post‐operative opioid tolerance, and a possible modulation of opioid receptors (7). Ketamine is a common anesthetic agent and has been in use since the Vietnam War. Clinically, ketamine provides pain relief with minimal respiratory depression, and at higher doses (1‐2mg/kg) can induce general anesthesia while maintaining blood pressure and cardiac output. Recently, a qualitative systematic review of the role of NMDA receptor antagonists was completed. Twenty‐four studies investigating the role of ketamine met the inclusion criteria of the study, 58% of which demonstrated a preemptive or preventative analgesic effect. Patients underwent a variety of surgical procedures, both ambulatory and inpatient, and there was no obvious effect of either surgical type or dose of ketamine (range 0.15 to 1mg/kg) on the success of preventative intervention. However, the authors were unable to quantify the degree of reduction in primary end‐points (opioid consumption, pain scores, both) due to variability in recording of such data. In addition, most inpatient studies were limited to abdominal procedures while the outpatient studies investigated mainly knee arthroscopies, providing no insight into the degree of impact of NMDA receptor antagonism in the setting of high pre‐operative opioid tolerance combined with surgical procedures known to be associated with an invariably high degree of post‐operative pain. Of note, only 1/24 studies documented a significant difference in side effects related to ketamine provision in patients who had received 20mg of epidural ketamine (7).
Influence of aminosteroid and glucocorticoid treatment on inflammation and immune function during cardiopulmonary bypass; OBJECTIVE: During cardiopulmonary bypass, inflammation and immunosuppression is present. We measured circulating mediators and monocyte‐based functions and tested the hypothesis that these variables are influenced by methylprednisolone (MP) or tirilazad mesylate (TM) treatment. DESIGN: Randomized, controlled, double‐blind prospective trial. SETTING: A university hospital. PATIENTS: Thirty‐nine patients scheduled for conventional coronary surgery with three‐vessel disease. INTERVENTIONS: Preoperative application of MP (15 mg/kg) or TM (10 mg/kg) compared with placebo (PL). MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: Circulating proinflammatory markers including interleukin (IL)‐6, IL‐8, monocyte chemoattractant protein 1, and C‐reactive protein were all decreased by MP treatment but not by TM treatment. Whereas rapid increases in circulating anti‐inflammatory IL‐10 were superinduced by MP but not TM, plasma levels of IL‐1RA and transforming growth factor beta were not altered by either treatment. Decreased ex vivo lipopolysaccharide‐stimulated secretion of tumor necrosis factor alpha was prolonged after MP treatment but not after TM treatment. Perioperative stimulated secretion of IL‐12 and interferon gamma was diminished in all groups, whereas ex vivo IL‐1RA secretion tended to increase in all groups. Depression of monocyte surface expression of HLA‐DR was significantly greater in patients treated with MP, whereas CD14 expression did not change. CONCLUSIONS: These data confirm that, during cardiopulmonary bypass, pro‐ and anti‐inflammatory systems are activated at the same time, whereas monocyte‐based immune functions are depressed. Treatment with MP abrogates proinflammatory mediators and induces a shift toward anti‐inflammation at the cost of further functional monocyte deficits, whereas treatment with TM apparently has neither anti‐inflammatory nor immunosuppressive actions in this setting.
Ondansetron and simvastatin added to treatment as usual in patients with schizophrenia: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial; BACKGROUND: Negative symptoms and cognitive deficits are two partially‐related features of schizophrenia which have a major negative impact on social function and objective quality of life. Standard drug treatments have little impact on either. There is some evidence that anti‐inflammatory treatment may have beneficial effects in schizophrenia and major depression. Statins are cholesterol‐lowering agents that have been found to be anti‐inflammatory agents and are also known to decrease C‐reactive protein (CRP). Ondansetron is a serotonin (5‐HT3) receptor antagonist widely used to prevent nausea and vomiting in patients receiving chemotherapy for cancer. Small studies have suggested that ondansetron is effective as an adjunct drug in improving the symptoms of schizophrenia. METHODS/DESIGN: This is a two center, six‐month, double‐blind placebo controlled, factorial design study of ondansetron and/or simvastatin added to treatment as usual for patients suffering from schizophrenia, schizoaffective disorder, psychosis not otherwise specified or schizophreniform disorder. This will be a 2 × 2 design, with 54 patients in each cell, giving a total of 216 patients over three years. There will be a screening, a randomization and seven follow‐up visits. Full clinical and neurocognitive assessments will be carried out at baseline (randomization), 14 weeks and at 26 weeks, while the positive and negative syndrome scale (PANSS), pill count and side effects checklist will be carried out at every visit. Simvastatin will be started at 20 mg once daily (OD), this will be increased to 40 mg after four weeks. Ondansetron will be administered in an 8 mg dose. DISCUSSION: Anti‐inflammatory treatments have been shown to have some beneficial effects in schizophrenia. Both simvastatin and ondansetron provide some evidence of a reduction in symptoms compared to treatment as usual. The aim of this study is to establish the degree of improvement in negative symptoms with the addition of ondansetron and/or simvastatin to treatment as usual. TRIAL REGISTRATION: [corrected] ClinicalTrials.gov NCT01602029.
Ketamine attenuates post-operative cognitive dysfunction after cardiac surgery; BACKGROUND: Post‐operative cognitive dysfunction (POCD) commonly occurs after cardiac surgery. Ketamine exerts neuroprotective effects after cerebral ischemia by anti‐excitotoxic and anti‐inflammatory mechanisms. We hypothesized that ketamine attenuates POCD in patients undergoing cardiac surgery concomitant with an anti‐inflammatory effect. METHODS: Patients randomly received placebo (0.9% saline; n=26) or an i.v. bolus of ketamine (0.5 mg/kg; n=26) during anesthetic induction. Anesthesia was maintained with isoflurane and fentanyl. A nonsurgical group (n=26) was also included as control. Recent verbal and nonverbal memory and executive functions were assessed before and 1 week after surgery or a 1‐week waiting period for the nonsurgical controls. Serum C‐reactive protein (CRP) concentrations were determined before surgery and on the first post‐operative day. RESULTS: Baseline neurocognitive and depression scores were similar in the placebo, ketamine, and nonsurgical control groups. Cognitive performance after surgery decreased by at least 2 SDs (z‐score of 1.96) in 21 patients in the placebo group and only in seven patients in the ketamine group compared with the nonsurgical controls (P<0.001, Fisher's exact test). Cognitive performance was also significantly different between the placebo‐ and the ketamine‐treated groups based on all z‐scores (P<0.001, Mann‐Whitney U‐test). Pre‐operative CRP concentrations were similar (P<0.33, Mann‐Whitney U‐test) in the placebo‐ and ketamine‐treated groups. The post‐operative CRP concentration was significantly (P<0.01, Mann‐Whitney U‐test) lower in the ketamine‐treated than in the placebo‐treated group. CONCLUSIONS: Ketamine attenuates POCD 1 week after cardiac surgery and this effect may be related to the anti‐inflammatory action of the drug.
Interaction between cytokine gene polymorphisms and the effect of physical exercise on clinical and inflammatory parameters in older women: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial; BACKGROUND: Aging is associated with chronic low‐grade inflammatory activity with an elevation of cytokine levels. An association between regular physical activity and reduction of blood levels of anti‐inflammatory cytokines is demonstrated in the literature pointing to an anti‐inflammatory effect related to exercise. However, there is no consensus regarding which type of exercise and which parameters are the most appropriate to influence inflammatory markers. Evidence indicates that the single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) can influence the synthesis of those cytokines affecting their production. METHODS/DESIGN: The design of this study is a randomized controlled trial. The aim of this study is to investigate the interaction between the cytokine genes SNP and the effect of physical activity on older women. The main outcomes are: serum levels of sTNFR‐1, sTNFR‐2, interleukin (IL)‐6, IL‐10, measured by the ELISA method; genotyping of tumor necrosis factor‐ (TNF)‐alpha (rs1800629), IL6 (rs1800795), IL10 (rs1800896) by the TaqMan Method (Applied Biosystems, Foster City, CA, USA); and physical performance assessed by Timed Up and Go and 10‐Meter Walk Tests. Secondary outcomes include: Geriatric Depression Scale, Perceived Stress Scaleand aerobic capacity, assessed by the six‐minute walk; and lower limb muscle strength, using an isokinetic dinamometer (Biodex Medical Systems, Inc., Shirley, NY,USA). Both exercise protocols will be performed three times a week for 10 weeks, 30 sessions in total. DISCUSSION: Investigating the interaction between genetic factors and exercise effects of both protocols of exercise on the levels of inflammatory cytokine levels can contribute to guide clinical practice related to treatment and prevention of functional changes due to chronic inflammatory activity in older adults. This approach could develop new perspectives on preventive and treatment proposals in physical therapy and in the management of the older patient. TRIAL REGISTRATION: (ReBEC) RBR9v9cwf.
Selective serotonin re-uptake inhibitors decrease the cytokine-induced endothelial adhesion molecule expression, the endothelial adhesiveness to monocytes and the circulating levels of vascular adhesion molecules; BACKGROUND: Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) exert cardioprotective effects. We examined whether SSRIs a) modulate endothelial cell expression of vascular cell adhesion molecule (VCAM‐1), intracellular adhesion molecule (ICAM‐1) and adhesiveness to U937 monocytes, b) reduce the circulating levels of these adhesion molecules in vivo. METHODS: We assessed the effect of SSRIs, (citalopram, fluvoxamine and fluoxetine), on TNF‐alpha‐induced expression of VCAM‐1 and ICAM‐1 in human aorta endothelial cells and adhesiveness to U937 monocytes. Cells were incubated with TNF‐alpha in the absence and in the presence of SSRIs concentrations from 10(‐7) M to10(‐4) M and the VCAM‐1 and ICAM‐1 expression was quantified by cell‐ELISA. The TNF‐alpha‐stimulated adhesiveness to U937 monocytes was also assessed. Twenty five patients with chronic heart failure and depression were randomized to receive sertaline 50 mg, p.o., o.d. (n=13) or placebo. At baseline and 3‐months after treatment, we measured VCAM‐1 and ICAM‐1 plasma levels. RESULTS: SSRIs decreased the TNF‐alpha‐induced endothelial expression of VCAM‐1 at concentration range 10(‐7) M to 10(‐4) M (p<0.05). ICAM‐1 expression was decreased in the presence of fluvoxamine and fluoxetine at concentrations from 10(‐7) M to 10(‐4) M (p<0.05) and in the presence of citalopram at concentrations from 10(‐7) M to 10(‐5) M (p<0.05). All SSRIs inhibited the TNF‐alpha‐stimulated adhesiveness to U937 cells at 10(‐5) M and 10(‐4) M (p<0.05). Compared to baseline, there was a greater reduction in ICAM‐1 and VCAM‐1 levels post‐sertaline than post placebo in heart failure patients (p<0.05). CONCLUSION: SSRIs may exhibit an anti‐inflammatory activity on endothelial cells and reduce circulating VCAM‐1 and ICAM‐1 in vivo, a mechanism which may partly mediate their cardioprotective effects.
Dose-dependent effects of endotoxin on neurobehavioral functions in humans; Clinical and experimental evidence document that inflammation and increased peripheral cytokine levels are associated with depression‐like symptoms and neuropsychological disturbances in humans. However, it remains unclear whether and to what extent cognitive functions like memory and attention are affected by and related to the dose of the inflammatory stimulus. Thus, in a cross‐over, double‐blind, experimental approach, healthy male volunteers were administered with either placebo or bacterial lipopolysaccharide (LPS) at doses of 0.4 (n = 18) or 0.8 ng/kg of body weight (n = 16). Pro‐ and anti‐inflammatory cytokines, norephinephrine and cortisol concentrations were analyzed before and 1, 1.75, 3, 4, 6, and 24 h after injection. In addition, changes in mood and anxiety levels were determined together with working memory (n‐back task) and long term memory performance (recall of emotional and neutral pictures of the International Affective Picture System). Endotoxin administration caused a profound transient physiological response with dose‐related elevations in body temperature and heart rate, increases in plasma interleukin (IL)‐6, IL‐10, tumor necrosis factor (TNF)‐α and IL‐1 receptor antagonist (IL‐1ra), salivary and plasma cortisol, and plasma norepinephrine. These changes were accompanied by dose‐related decreased mood and increased anxiety levels. LPS administration did not affect accuracy in working memory performance but improved reaction time in the high‐dose LPS condition compared to the control conditon. In contrast, long‐term memory performance was impaired selectively for emotional stimuli after administration of the lower but not of the higher dose of LPS. These data suggest the existence of at least two counter‐acting mechanisms, one promoting and one inhibiting cognitive performance during acute systemic inflammation.
Effect of pre-operative rectal diclofenac suppository on post-operative analgesic requirement in cleft palate repair: a randomised clinical trial; Background: Opioid analgesics used for analgesia are associated with sedation, respiratory depression and post‐operative nausea and vomiting. Non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs such as diclofenac are a safe and effective alternative with opioid‐sparing effect. Objective: To evaluate the effectiveness of pre‐operative rectal diclofenac suppository (1 mg/kg) in cleft palate repair for post‐operative analgesia and reduction in post‐operative opioid requirements. Study Design: A randomized clinical trial. Methods: After obtaining approval from the institutional ethical committee, 60 children were allocated by a computer‐generated randomisation into two groups of 30 each; group D (Diclofenac group) and group C (Conventional group). Children in group D and group C were similar in all aspects except for the fact that group D children received 1 mg/kg diclofenac suppository after induction. Pain was evaluated using modification of the objective pain scale by Hannallah and colleagues for 6 h post‐operatively by an anaesthesiology resident or nursing staff who was blinded to the group. If the pain score was more than 3, rescue analgesic I.V. fentanyl 0.5 μgm/kg was administered. The pain scores at different intervals, number of doses and quantity of rescue analgesic required were noted. Results: We observed that pre‐operative rectal diclofenac provided effective analgesia in the immediate post‐operative period, as evidenced by reduced pain scores and reduced opioid requirement (P=0.00002). There was no evidence of any increased perioperative bleeding in the diclofenac group. Conclusion: Pre‐operative rectal diclofenac reduces opioid consumption and provides good post‐operative analgesia.
A single-blind placebo run-in study of venlafaxine XR for activity-limiting osteoarthritis pain; OBJECTIVE: Osteoarthritis pain is a significant problem for our aging population. Non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs and opioids are effective treatments, but have significant adverse effects, so there is a need for alternative treatments. Selective norepinephrine‐serotonin reuptake inhibitor antidepressants may provide a new treatment option for osteoarthritis pain. METHODS: We performed a single‐blind placebo run‐in trial of 150‐225 mg of venlafaxine in 18 subjects with activity‐limiting osteoarthritis pain. Each subject received 2 weeks of placebo followed by 10 weeks of venlafaxine. The primary outcome was reduction in average pain intensity between 2 and 12 weeks. For subjects not completing the trial, their last observation was carried forward as an imputed outcome. RESULTS: Average pain on the Brief Pain Inventory (BPI) was 4.7 at baseline, 4.4 after the 2‐week placebo run‐in, and 3.3 at 12 weeks (25% decrease, P = 0.03). Nine subjects (50%) reported at least 30% pain reduction between weeks 2 and 12. The Western Ontario and McMasters University Osteoarthritis Index (WOMAC) pain score at baseline was 2.0, 1.8 after 2 weeks, and 1.7 after 12 weeks. This represented a 6% decrease in pain between weeks 2 and 12 (P = 0.42), with two subjects (11%) reported at least 30% pain relief between weeks 2 and 12 on the WOMAC. Effects on self‐reported physical and role function and depression were marginal or non‐significant, and observed physical function did not improve. CONCLUSION: Venlafaxine significantly reduced pain intensity on the BPI and marginally improved self‐reported function. Venlafaxine should be investigated further in a larger randomized trial for the treatment of osteoarthritis pain.
Effects of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) on Patients With Chronic Orofacial Pain; Inclusion criteria: ‐ Male and female between 18 and 75 years old ‐ Clinic history of previous orofacial and/or dental surgery ‐ Chronic orofacial pain for more than a year measurable by the VAS more than 3 . ‐ Pain not responsive to pharmacological treatment (analgesic, anti inflammatory, opiaces, antidepressant drugs and physiotherapy modalities) Outcome measures: Subjects will be assessed before the beginning of the treatment (T0), after tDCS (T1) and after one month of stimulation(T2) . In the two weeks prior to T0 the patient will be asked in a questionnaire to report daily the level of pain, anxiety and state of mind using the VAS. This period of observation is necessary for the patient to get used to these measures and to underline possible intra‐subject changing. • Clinic scales ‐Visual Analogue Scale (VAS): it is one of the most used between scales for pain evaluation [18] RDC/TMD AXIS I: diagnostic classification for temporomandibolar disfunction. RDC/TMD AXIS II: behavioral questionnaire (7 questions about chronic pain severity) which evaluates chronic pain following the graded scale for chronic pain. ‐ Symptoms Checklist‐90‐R scales (SCL 90‐R): Depression and anxiety assessment for non‐specific physical symptoms ‐ electrical pain threshold: The Digitimer High Voltage Stimulator model DS74 provides high voltage pulses of constant current up to 100mA, pulses are of short duration and the output current is variable ranging between 0 and 100mA. The Digitimer is used to evaluate the pain perception threshold by applying electrical stimulation to the index finger to a pulse duration of 200 ls. The initial current applied is 0mA and increases of 0.1 mA until the subject feels pain. ‐ Oral Health Impact Profile 49 (OHIP 49): provides a measure of social impact of oral disorders by providing a comprehensive measure of dysfunction, discomfort and disability resulting from the oral cavity conditions. The OHIP‐49 is based on the adaptation of the World Health Organization classification. ‐ Pain detect Questionnaire Pressor pain threshold
Improving Outcomes in Critical Illness with Early Rehabilitation; INTERVENTION: Intervention Arm: Adminster Rehabiliation package ( targeted exercises) by physiotherapist in the intensive care unit (ICU). The intervention group will receive an early, specific, targeted rehabilitation program involving electrical muscle stimulation, passive and active range of motion exercises, mobilisation out of bed, tilt‐table therapy, arm and leg ergometry exercises and ambulation. Commencement: 48hrs following Mechanical Ventilation Duration and Frequency: 30 mins x 1‐2 day Overall duration: From recruitment till ICU discharge Mode of adminstration: Individual exercise prescription by a physiotherapist CONDITION: Intensive Care Unit Acquired Weakness Sepsis PRIMARY OUTCOME: Acute Care Index of Function ; (ACIF) ; ; ACIF will assess physical functional performance Hospital Anxiety Depression Scale ; (HADS) ; ; HADS will assess psychological components Short Form 36 Medical Study ; (SF‐36) ; ; SF‐36 will assess quality of life SECONDARY OUTCOME: Bioelectrical Imepdance Analysis (BIA) ; ; BIA will assess quantity of muscle mass loss or gain Blood Assays for Inflammatory Biomarkers : ; Interleukin 6 (IL 6), Interleukin 10(IL 10), Tumor Necrosis Factor aplha) (TNF alpha) ; ; Blood assays will assess levels of anti‐inflammatory and pro‐inflammatory cytokines Blood Lactate ; ; Blood lactate levels will assess level of lactate as an indicator of oxidative stress Blood Mitochondrial Deoxyribonucleic Acid ; (mtDNA) ; ; Peripheral mtDNA levels will assess oxidative stress Near Infrared Spectroscopy ; (NIRS) ; ; NIRS will assess muscle oxygenation Orthogonal Polarisation Spectral Imaging (OPS) ; ; OPS will assess microcirculation Physical Function ICU Test ; (PFIT) ; ; PFIT will assess physical functional exercise capacity INCLUSION CRITERIA: Acutely ill patients who are mechanically ventilated for longer than 48 hours with documented sepsis or those with strong clinical suspicion of possible sepsis
Pretreatment with ibuprofen to prevent electroconvulsive therapy-induced headache; BACKGROUND: Although electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) has been widely recognized as an effective treatment for severe depression and various other psychiatric illnesses, adverse effects have been frequently reported, especially a high incidence of headache. Analgesics, such as acetaminophen, narcotics, or nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), are commonly used to treat ECT‐induced headache. The objective of this study was to determine whether pretreatment with ibuprofen would prevent the onset or decrease the severity of headache that occurs after ECT. METHOD: All inpatients on the psychiatric units who required ECT treatment were asked to participate in the study. Thirty‐four patients were randomly assigned to receive either ibuprofen, 600 mg, or placebo orally 90 minutes prior to the initial ECT session, with the alternate treatment given for the second ECT treatment. Patients were asked to complete a questionnaire prior to and after the first 2 ECT treatments regarding the pattern, severity, and onset of headache. Severity of the headache was measured on a visual analogue scale (VAS). RESULTS: Ten patients experienced headache in neither treatment arm, while 7 patients experienced headache in both treatment arms. Eleven patients experienced headache with placebo but not with ibuprofen, while 2 patients experienced headache with ibuprofen but not with placebo. Ibuprofen was significantly more effective than placebo in preventing the onset of headache post‐ECT (p =.022). The mean +/‐ SD VAS headache scores were 1.49 +/‐ 1.54 and 0.54 +/‐ 0.91 in the placebo and ibuprofen arms, respectively. Ibuprofen was significantly more effective than placebo in reducing the severity of ECT‐induced headache (p =.007). CONCLUSION: Ibuprofen premedication reduced the frequency and severity of headache post‐ECT and should be considered for appropriate patients who suffer from ECT‐induced headache.
Clinical and economic characteristics of patients with painful neuropathic disorders in Germany; Using a large database with information from general practitioners (GP) throughout Germany, we identified all adults (age > or = 18 years) with encounters for painful neuropathic disorders (PNDs) between August 1, 2005 and July 31, 2006 (PND patients). We also constituted an age‐ and sex‐matched comparison group, consisting of randomly selected patients without any GP encounters for PNDs during the same period. Selected characteristics were then compared between PND patients and those in the comparison group over the 1‐year study period. The study sample consisted of 275,685 PND patients and a similar number in the matched comparison group; mean age was 53.7 years, and 57% were women. PND patients were more likely than matched comparators to have encounters for various comorbidities, including circulatory system disorders (47% vs. 20%, respectively), depression (9% vs. 2%), and anxiety (4% vs. 1%) (all P < 0.01). They also were more likely to have received pain‐related medications (57% vs. 13% for comparison group; P < 0.01)‐‐most commonly, nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs, benzodiazepines, and opioids, and less often, tricyclic antidepressants and anti‐epileptics. PND patients averaged 7.3 more GP visits during the year (mean [95% CI] = 9.9 [9.9, 9.9] vs. 2.6 [2.6, 2.7] for comparison group); they also had significantly more specialist referrals and physician‐excused absences from work (all P < 0.01). Patients with PNDs under the care of GPs in Germany have comparatively more comorbidities and higher levels of use of healthcare services. The pain‐related medications that these patients receive raise concerns that PNDs may not be optimally treated in these settings
Lidocaine and Outpatient Gynecologic Laparoscopy; Although ambulatory gynecological laparoscopy is considered to be a minimally invasive surgical procedure, only 60% of patients undergoing this procedure are satisfied with postoperative pain control. Postoperative pain can lead to physiological, immunological and psychological derangements in patients.It also has been shown to be the most common cause of hospital admission after outpatient surgery. Opioids constitute the most commonly used pain management strategy after surgery, however they have many undesirable side effects including nausea, vomiting and respiratory depression. Different strategies have been developed to decrease the amount of opioid required after surgery. Opioid sparing drugs as well as regional anesthesia have been shown to be effective. Systemic administration of lidocaine has been shown to decrease opioid consumption, improve recovery of bowel function and promote a better recovery after inpatient procedures. Lidocaine has been shown to have analgesic, antihyperalgesic and anti‐inflammatory properties. It also has an excellent safety profile when give by a low‐dose infusion. The improvement of surgical technique and anesthesia care has made major adverse outcomes infrequent, especially in the ambulatory setting. Assessing patient's quality of recovery has become an important outcome in several studies. The patient's capacity to return to his normal activities is one of the most important sign of a successful outpatient procedure and it has significant economic implications. Quality of recovery ‐40(QoR‐40) is a validated 40 item instrument to assess the quality of post‐operative recovery. Myels et al. have concluded that the QoR‐40 would be a useful outcome measure to assess the impact on changes in health care delivery, but anesthesia studies underutilize this instrument. The research question for the study is; does the use of systemic perioperative lidocaine improve quality of recovery after outpatient laparoscopy?
Effect of pre-operative rectal diclofenac suppository on post-operative analgesic requirement in cleft palate repair: a randomised clinical trial; BACKGROUND: Opioid analgesics used for analgesia are associated with sedation, respiratory depression and post‐operative nausea and vomiting. Non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs such as diclofenac are a safe and effective alternative with opioid‐sparing effect. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the effectiveness of pre‐operative rectal diclofenac suppository (1 mg/kg) in cleft palate repair for post‐operative analgesia and reduction in post‐operative opioid requirements. STUDY DESIGN: A randomized clinical trial. METHODS: After obtaining approval from the institutional ethical committee, 60 children were allocated by a computer‐generated randomisation into two groups of 30 each; group D (Diclofenac group) and group C (Conventional group). Children in group D and group C were similar in all aspects except for the fact that group D children received 1 mg/kg diclofenac suppository after induction. Pain was evaluated using modification of the objective pain scale by Hannallah and colleagues for 6 h post‐operatively by an anaesthesiology resident or nursing staff who was blinded to the group. If the pain score was more than 3, rescue analgesic I.V. fentanyl 0.5 μgm/kg was administered. The pain scores at different intervals, number of doses and quantity of rescue analgesic required were noted. RESULTS: We observed that pre‐operative rectal diclofenac provided effective analgesia in the immediate post‐operative period, as evidenced by reduced pain scores and reduced opioid requirement (P=0.00002). There was no evidence of any increased perioperative bleeding in the diclofenac group. CONCLUSION: Pre‐operative rectal diclofenac reduces opioid consumption and provides good post‐operative analgesia.
Paravertebral and radicular pain: drug and/or physical analgesia; Introduction.‐ We present some contemporaneous theories of pain and therapeutic concepts of analgesia, including drug and physical analgesia. Goal.‐ Comparative evaluation of drug, physical and combined analgesia on the paravertebral and peripheral radicular pain. Patients and methods.‐ During the last years, a total of 93 patients with a vertebrogenic radiculopathy were observed and investigated in‐patients and outpatients. Patients were randomized to three treatment groups of 31 each one. The investigation was conducted with consideration for the protection of patients, as outlined in the Declaration of Helsinki, and was approved by the appropriate institutional review boards and ethics commissions. All patients gave written informed consent before undergoing any examination or study procedure. Group 1 received only drug therapy‐paravertebral infiltrations with cortico‐steroids, B vitamins and local anesthetic. Patients of group 3 received only physical modalities (complex rehabilitation programme including transcutaneous electroneurostimulation [TENS], exercises, massages, sea lye compresses distally). In group 2, we applied drug and physical analgesia techniques. For statistical evaluation we used t‐test (Anova) and Wilcoxon rank test (non parametrical correlation analysis), performed using SPSS package. The treatment difference was considered to be statistically significant if the P value was < 0.05. Results.‐ The comparative analysis of results shows a significant improvement of the symptoms of the patients, concerning pain relief (visualized by the analysis of results of visual analogue scale), radiculopathy (Lassegue's sign), depression (scale of Zung). The drug analgesia in group 1 is fast, but short. The efficacy in group 3 is slow, but stable, and durable. We observed best results in group 2. We expose our own conception of pathogenetical mechanisms of physical analgesia. Discussion.‐ The drug therapy is efficient but with short duration. The physical analgesia initiates its effect slowly, but results are stable. Best efficacy was observed in case of combination of medication with physical modalities ‐ in the beginning due to non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drug, toward the moment of effective «input» of physical modalities. Conclusion.‐ We could recommend the complex program for treatment of the paravertebral pain.
Evaluation of the Antipruritic Effect of Elidel (Pimecrolimus) in Non-atopic Pruritic Disease; Patients will be treated with pimecrolimus cream 1% and hydrocortisone cream 1% twice daily for 8 weeks on diseased skin in a double‐blind, randomized within patient comparison (left arm pimecrolimus, right arm hydrocortisone or vice versa). Patients will then enter a 4‐week treatment free follow‐up period. The overall study duration is 12 months. The study population will consist of a representative group of 30 adult patients (18 ‐ 70 years of age) with prurigo nodularis from one center in Germany. Inclusion criteria ‐ Age: 18 ‐ 70 years ‐ Diagnosis: Prurigo nodularis ‐ Pruritus intensity above VAS 3 (Visual analogue scale 0 to 10) ‐ Nodules on arms and legs (target areas: arms) ‐ No effective current external or internal antipruritic medication ‐ Signed informed consent Exclusion criteria ‐ prurigo nodularis with massive excoriations and/or local infections ‐ atopic dermatitis, predisposition for atopic dermatitis ‐ Itch intensity below VAS 4 (visual analoge scale 0 to 10) ‐ Pregnant or nursing (lactating) women, where pregnancy is defined as the state of a female after conception and until the termination of gestation, confirmed by a positive hCG test. Pregnancy should be ruled out before stating the study by a b‐subunit HCG test. ‐ Females of childbearing potential and not practicing a medically approved, highly effective (low failure rate) method of contraception during and up to at least 4 weeks after the end of treatment. 'Medically approved' contraception may include implants, injectables, combined oral contraceptives, some IUDs (e.g. intrauterine device), sexual abstinence or if the woman has a vasectomized partner. ‐ active psychosomatic and psychiatric diseases ‐ History of active malignancy of any organ system ‐ actual diseases which need therapy and may induce pruritus (e.g. deficiency of iron, zinc) ‐ Systemic immunosuppression ‐ Topical use of tacrolimus, pimecrolimus, steroids or capsaicin within 2 weeks prior to study entry ‐ current and past (within 2 weeks prior to study entry) systemic use of antihistamines, steroids, cyclosporin A and other immunosuppressants, paroxetin, fluvoxamine (selective serotonin reuptake‐ inhibitors, study possible in case of medication since 6 months due to depression without having any Antipruritic effect) naltrexone and UV‐therapy. ‐ wound healing disturbances, disposition for keloids, current medication which leads to increased bleeding during procedure e.g. acetylsalicylic acid (ASS), marcumar (no suction blister possible) ‐ History of hypersensitivity to pimecrolimus 1% cream or hydrocortisone 1% cream ‐ Participation in other clinical studies within the last 4 weeks
Glucosamine/Chondroitin Arthritis Intervention Trial (GAIT); This study is a 24 week, placebo‐controlled, parallel, double‐blind, five‐arm trial. The randomized treatment assignment will be stratified by participating study center and baseline pain score (mild, moderate to severe). In order to establish that the study is able to detect significant treatment effects for glucosamine, chondroitin sulfate and the combination of the two, celecoxib, already established to be effective, will also be compared to placebo. Patients will receive a rescue analgesic medication, acetaminophen, which they will be allowed to take for severe pain throughout the trial but not within 24 hours prior to a study visit. The visits include a screening visit (Visit 1.0), randomization visit (Visit 2.0), and follow‐up visits at 4 weeks (Visit 3.0), 8 weeks (Visit 4.0), and 16 weeks (Visit 5.0) and a completion visit at 24 weeks (Visit 6.0) after randomization or at any time patients discontinue the study drug or withdraw from the study. All patients require an X‐ray to document the presence of their disease and all patients must have clinical and X‐ray evidence of OA. X‐rays are read at the individual sites and then forwarded to a central radiology center for confirmatory readings. Patient evaluations consist of; 1) the Western Ontario and MacMaster (WOMAC) osteoarthritis index, 2) patient and investigator global evaluations of disease status and response to study medication, 3) evaluation of the index knee for swelling and tenderness, 4) SF‐36, 5) the Health Assessment Questionnaire (HAQ), 6) Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), 7) clinical evaluation for adverse reactions and 8) reconciliation of study medications and rescue analgesia use. The percentage of treatment responders is the primary outcome measure. A patient will be classified as a treatment responder if there is a 20% reduction from baseline to the end of follow‐up in the WOMAC pain subscale. Following the method by which the sample size target was derived, the analysis to address the primary hypotheses will involve 3 primary comparisons 1) glucosamine vs. placebo, 2) chondroitin vs. placebo, and 3) glucosamine + chondroitin vs. placebo. A side comparison will also be done between celecoxib and placebo. Each comparison will be done using Fisher's Exact Test, with a two‐sided alpha of 0.0125. GAIT Ancillary Study Patients recruited at selected sites will be extended the opportunity to participate in a trial that administers blinded study agents for a total of 24 months. This study is a preliminary evaluation of whether glucosamine, chondroitin sulfate and/or the combination of glucosamine and chondroitin sulfate are more effective than placebo and whether the combination is more effective than glucosamine or chondroitin sulfate alone in altering radiographic progression in patients with osteoarthritis (OA) of the knee after two years of follow‐up. Expected Total Enrollment: 791 (*Indicates centers participating in the ancillary study, sites listed below) Study start: April 2000; Study completion: March 2006 Primary Analysis The primary analysis will be based on all patients with baseline and follow‐up xrays, including those who withdraw from treatment. Inclusion of all patients with baseline and follow‐up data will reduce the degree to which differential effectiveness biases the treatment comparisons. A second analysis will be based on all patients who remain on treatment. The primary outcome measure is the change in joint space width between baseline and two years of follow‐up as defined by the Buckland‐Wright MTP protocol. Following the method by which the sample size target was derived, the analysis to address the primary hypotheses will involve 3 primary comparisons 1) glucosamine vs. placebo, 2) chondroitin vs. placebo, and 3) glucosamine + chondroitin vs. placebo. A side comparison will also be done between celecoxib and placebo. Each comparison will be done using the t‐test for 2 independent samples, with a two‐sided alpha of 0.0125. To evaluate long‐term efficacy of the treatments, the two‐year treatment response rate (defined as a 20% reduction from baseline in the WOMAC pain score) will be calculated. Paralleling the main study protocol, Fisher's exact test will be used to compare each active treatment arm to placebo. Mixed‐model analysis of variance using generalized estimating equations will be used to compare the % of treatment responders over time across treatment groups. Treatment of missing data will follow that discussed previously for the mixed‐model analysis of change in JSW. Safety will be evaluated by comparing the percentage of people withdrawing from study medications due to adverse events during the two‐year follow‐up period using Fisher's exact test. Time to withdrawal due to an adverse event will be evaluated using Kaplan‐Meier life table estimates and comparison of treatment groups will use the log‐rank test.
A Multicentre, Randomised, Double-Blind, Parallel Group Comparison Of The Efficacy And Safety Of Transdermal Buprenorphine (Norspan'registered trade mark' BTDS) And Placebo In Patients With Postherpetic Neuralgia; INTERVENTION: Buprenorphine Transdermal Delivery System (patch applied to the skin), 5, 10, 20, 30, 40 micrograms per hour. Duration of treatment: maximum of 21 weeks CONDITION: Post Herpetic Neuralgia PRIMARY OUTCOME: Rate of response for pain relief, where response is defined as a 30% reduction in pain using the daily Numerical Rating Scale (NRS). Patients who withdraw will be classified as non‐responders. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Change from baseline in mean categorical scale score for pain intensity. Change from baseline in weekly NRS and categorical scores for continuous pain, paroxysmal pain and allodynia. Change in affective state as measured by Beck Depression Inventory (BDI II) Change in Health‐Related Quality of Life (QOL) as measured by SF‐36. Change in interference by pain in daily activities as measured by Brief Pain Inventory (BPI) Change in Short‐Form McGill Pain Questionnaire (SF‐MPQ) Clinician Global Impression of Change Scale (CGIC). Differences in total rescue medication usage between active and placebo treatment groups. Mean categorical scale score for pain relief . Mean reduction in pain intensity using the daily Numerical Rating Scale (NRS). Patient Global Impression of Change Scale (PGIC). INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Patients of either gender aged 18 years or older. 2. History of ongoing pain due to PHN of at least three months duration following initial Acute Herpes Zoster (AHZ) infection and rash healing, with pain intensity at screening visit of at least moderate intensity (NRS = 4/10). 3. Willingness to discontinue any current weak opioid analgesics (codeine‐containing, propoxyphene‐containing or tramadol) and any topical PHN therapies. 4. Patients receiving non‐opioid adjuvant analgesic medications (e.g. antidepressants, AEDs, mexiletine, clonidine) or NSAIDs / COX‐2 inhibitors must have a documented history of stable use over the previous three weeks with agreement to continue at a stable dosage for the duration of the trial. 5. Patients willing and able to participate in all aspects of the study, including initial medication weaning and cessation (if applicable), use of medication, completion of subjective evaluations, attending schedu
Circadian variations in cytokines and the effect of timed release tablet prednisone in rheumatoid arthritis; INTERVENTION: The study uses a delayed (timed) release formulation of prednisone which will release the full dose of the active drug during sleep after a lag time of 4 hours, allowing the patient to take the medication at a convenient point in time, namely at 22:00 hours +/‐ 30 minutes. Intervention: Timed‐Release Tablet (TRT) prednisone 5 mg, one tablet taken at 22.00 each evening for 12 ‐ 16 nights (depending on the convenience of the final study night for the patient). There is no study follow‐up after the end of medication. CONDITION: Rheumatoid Arthritis (RA) ; Musculoskeletal Diseases ; Rheumatoid arthritis PRIMARY OUTCOME: Changes in overnight pattern of plasma cortisol and interleukin‐6 concentrations, determined at baseline and two weeks. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Standard assessment tools will be used to assess the state of the patient's arthritis. These assessments will be: ; 1. Swollen and tender joint counts ; 2. Pain (visual analogue scale) ; 3. Morning stiffness (minutes) ; 4. Patient's opinion of condition ; 5. Clinician's opinion of condition ; 6. Health Assessment Questionnaire ; 7. The Multidimensional Assessment of Fatigue scale ; 8. Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale ; ; The secondary outcome measures are determined at baseline and two weeks. INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Have rheumatoid arthritis by the criteria of the American College of Rheumatology 2. Are over 50 but less than 80 years old 3. Have active disease as evidenced by: 3.1. Three or more swollen joints 3.2. Three or more tender joints 3.3. Morning stiffness at least 45 minutes 3.4. Pain at least 30 mm on a 100 mm Visual Analogue Scale (VAS) 3.5. Erythrocyte Sedimentation Rate (ESR) at least 29 mm in first hour or C‐Reactive Protein (CRP) at least 15 mg/L 4. Stable Disease‐Modifying Anti‐Rheumatic Drug (DMARD) therapy (or no therapy) for at least 28 days 5. Stable Non‐Steroidal Anti‐Inflammatory Drug (NSAID)/analgesic therapy for at least seven days It is anticipated that the ratio of female to male patients will be approximately 2:1, in accordance with the pattern of disease occurrence. To be safe, we will invite women of childbearing potential to take part in the study only if they are using contraception.
CIRCADIAN VARIATIONS IN CYTOKINES AND THE EFFECT OF TIMED RELEASE TABLET PREDNISONE IN POLYMYALGIA RHEUMATICA - CYTOKINES & TRT PREDNISONE IN PMR; INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Lodotra Pharmaceutical Form: Prolonged‐release tablet INN or Proposed INN: PREDNISONE CAS Number: 53‐03‐2 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 2‐ INN or Proposed INN: PREDNISONE CAS Number: 53‐03‐2 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 5‐ Trade Name: prednisolone standard release formulation (market ware) Product Name: Prednisolone Standard Release Formulations Pharmaceutical Form: Tablet INN or Proposed INN: PREDNISOLONE CAS Number: 50‐24‐8 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: up to Concentration number: 15‐ CONDITION: Polymyalgia Rheumatica ; MedDRA version: 9.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10036099 Term: Polymyalgia rheumatica PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: 1. To look for circadian variations in IL‐6 in 24 patients with newly diagnosed Polymylagia Rheumatica (PMR) who have not received glucocorticoid treatment.; ; 2. To compare within individual patients the relationship between 24 hour variations in the concentrations of pro‐ and anti‐inflammatory cytokines IL‐6, IL‐1ß, IL‐4, TNF‐a and IL‐10 and in HPA axis (cortisol) in 12 patients with newly diagnosed PMR before and after treatment with TRT prednisone 7mg for 2 weeks and 12 patients treated with standard release prednisolone 7mg. Our hypothesis is that night time administration will result in a significantly greater reduction in overnight IL‐6 with a concomitant substantial reduction in morning stiffness compared to morning administration. ; Primary end point(s): Circadian variaton in serum IL‐6. Secondary Objective: The secondary aim of this study will be to compare the response to TRT prednisone with the clinical and cytokines changes after 2 weeks of the standard treatment with prednisolone 15mg in the morning. INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐Diagnosis of PMR by standard criteria (Bird criteria, see below) ‐Patients are over 50 but less than 85 years old. ‐No or stable NSAID or analgesic therapy for at least 7 days. ‐Currently active disease (defined by checking acute phase response in the blood) Bird Criteria will be used. 3 criteria or more are required to make the diagnosis: • Bilateral shoulder pain/stiffness • Duration onset <2/52 • Initial ESR >40 mm/h, CRP >10 or Plasma viscosity >1.72 • Stiffness >1 h • Age >65 years • Depression and/or weight loss • Bilateral upper arm tenderness Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range
A non-inferiority trial comparing the combination of etoricoxib and diclofenac against pethidine as analgesia during extracorporeal shockwave lithotripsy; INTRODUCTION AND OBJECTIVES: Opiates are commonly used as analgesia during extracorporeal shockwave lithotripsy (ESWL). They have good analgesic efficacy and rapid onset of action; but are often associated with significant adverse effects like nausea, respiratory depression and hypotension. Nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) are alternatives without the adverse effects of opiates, but their analgesic effect and onset of action seem inferior to opiates. By combining etoricoxib with diclofenac, we aim to spare the use of opiates and yet provide equivalent analgesia throughout ESWL. METHODS: A test of non‐inferiority was conducted. Patients with renal or ureteric stones undergoing ESWL would be randomised into 2 groups. Group A would receive oral etoricoxib 120mg at 2 hours and intramuscular diclofenac 75mg immediately before ESWL. Group B would receive intravenous pethidine 50mg with metoclopramide 10mg immediately before ESWL. All ESWLs were performed with a Siemens Modularis Variostar electromagnetic lithotripter following a standard treatment protocol. At the end of ESWL, all patients would rate pain severity using a visual analogue scale from 0 (no pain) to 10 (worst pain). Power analysis (1‐b = 0.80; a = 0.025) determined the minimum sample size to be 284 patients, at a non‐inferiority margin of 1. Besides the severity of pain, any drug‐related adverse effects and unexpected interruption to ESWL were also recorded and compared between the groups. RESULTS: A total of 372 patients were randomised into 2 equal groups over a period of 3 years. The 2 groups were similar in patients' demographics, stone characteristics and ESWL details. The mean pain scores for Group A and Group B were 4.7 and 4.5 respectively. Results showed that non‐inferiority was claimed, t (370) = 4.17, p < 0.001. The lower bound of the confidence limit was 0.39, which was within the non‐inferiority margin. Six patients in each group had premature interruption to ESWL due to severe pain. There were no NSAID‐related adverse effects in Group A. Twenty one patients in Group B suffered from nausea and vomiting, with 1 of them requiring hospitalisation for persistent nausea. There was 1 Group B patient who died from acute myocardial infarct 6 days after ESWL, but was deemed unrelated to opiate use. CONCLUSIONS: The combination of etoricoxib and diclofenac is not inferior to pethidine as analgesia during ESWL, and is not associated with any adverse effects.
Ibuprofen Alone and in Combination With Acetaminophen for Treatment of Fever; Despite a lack of evidence to support their fears, a majority of parents, pediatricians, and pediatric nurses believe that fever can be dangerous to a child. This "fever phobia" has caused a majority of caregivers to aggressively treat fever with antipyretics such as ibuprofen and acetaminophen, often in combination. Although there is scant data to support the use of these medications together for fever control and none using alternating regimens, it was recently reported that 50% of pediatricians and 70% of pediatricians with less than 5 years of experience advise parents to alternate acetaminophen and ibuprofen as an attempt to achieve maximal antipyresis. While a combination of aspirin (no longer used for antipyresis in children) and acetaminophen has been shown to be superior to either agent alone for fever reduction, these data cannot be extrapolated to the pairing of ibuprofen and acetaminophen. There is evidence that combinations of acetaminophen and non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) are more effective for the treatment of pain and can reduce opioid use when compared with a single agent. Improved activity and alertness in children have been reported after antipyretic administration. It is believed that acetaminophen and ibuprofen may be safely used together because the two medications have significantly different pathways of metabolism that are not affected by each other, and have been used abroad in combination form for over a decade. Both acetaminophen and ibuprofen have been shown to be safe when given individually or together in recommended doses for short term use. There are no reports of adverse effects from combination therapy with standard doses. In addition, while it now appears that fever itself is probably a protective physiologic response, under different circumstances it has the potential to be harmful. Fever increases the metabolic rate approximately 10% for every 1 degree C rise in body temperature. The myocardial depression,orthostatic dysfunction, and increases in oxygen consumption, respiratory minute volume, and respiratory quotient that occur may not be tolerated by all patients including some children. Because of the ubiquitous nature of the problem, childhood fever, this study has the potential to immediately impact the way clinicians and parents treat children with fever. If the combination regimens are not shown to be superior, it could limit improper medication administration and overdose. If it is superior, the combination of medications may improve other symptoms associated with fever such as discomfort. Either way, it will fill the gap that exists in the evidence‐based approach to the management of childhood fever and immediately impact current practice.
The Addition of Clonidine to 0.2% Ropivacaine for Wound Instillation After Minor Lower Abdominal Surgery in Children; The optimal method of controlling postoperative pain in children undergoing hernia repair would effectively relieve pain for extended periods of time and have no adverse effects. Unfortunately, such an ideal technique does not exist. The control of postoperative pediatric pain after hernia repair is achieved with a combination of oral and intravenous pain medications and "nerve blocks". "Nerve blocks" are achieved by injecting local anesthetics or what is commonly referred to as "freezing "next to the nerve supply of the wound. "Freezing" the major nerves supplying sensation at the site of hernia repair in children, while they are asleep, is effective. At CHEO, this technique in addition to administering ketorolac, a liquid intravenous form of an anti‐inflammatory agent similar to Advil, is the current technique of choice for postoperative pain control after inguinal hernia. It is not unusual for these patients to require extra pain medications postoperatively. Available means of pain control in addition to those mentioned above include codeine‐like medications, Tylenol, Advil‐like medications and opioids administered intravenously. The addition of these medications increases the risk of suffering from side effects including respiratory depression, nausea and vomiting, and itching. Ideally, the prolongation of postoperative pain relief by the addition of a second medication to the "freezing" during the nerve block would limit the need for additional pain medication and hence, decrease their associated side effects. Clonidine has the potential to be such a medication. It has been shown to provide pain relief by affecting several areas of the nervous system including the brain, the spinal cord and nerves. Clonidine prolongs pain relief of certain local anesthetics when used in nerve blocks for adults. Unfortunately, there are no studies that have examined the combination of clonidine and the local anesthetic ropivacaine for nerve blocks in children. Presently, the injectable form of clonidine is not marketed and is considered investigational in Canada. The current study will be a prospective double ‐blind, randomized, controlled trial. It will compare the effects on postoperative pain relief of "freezing" (ropivacaine 0.2 %) alone and in combination with clonidine for a nerve block in children undergoing hernia repair. In addition, it will measure changes in the child's level of sedation, breathing, heart rate, blood pressure and any complications. Finally, it will assess how satisfied the parents are with this technique. The researchers anticipate that the addition of clonidine to "freezing" will result in prolongation of postoperative pain relief in children undergoing hernia repair compared to "freezing" used alone.
Additional treatment in chronic pain syndrome due to hip and knee arthritis with the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor fluvoxamine (Fevarin; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to investigate the effectiveness and safety of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor fluvoxamine (Flevarin) in patients with a chronic pain syndrome due to hip and knee arthritis. METHODS: We prospectively investigated 60 patients in a single‐centre double‐blind study. The group was divided into two groups (M1 fluvoxamine; M2 placebo) each containing 30 patients, age ranging from 30 to 80 years. During treatment results were evaluated using several scales once at the beginning (V1) followed by weekly evaluations (V1‐V8) and one final investigation at the end of treatment (V9). The investigated medication consisted of 50‐150 mg fluvoxamine. In addition other drugs such as NSAID were administered (diclofenac, piroxicam, ibuprofen). RESULTS: Both groups (M1 and M2) showed a reduction of pain during treatment using the visual analogue scale (VAS). However, no statistical difference was found between both groups concerning pain reduction at any time. A significant pain relief was monitored in the patients of the M1 group towards the end of treatment. Concerning the daily impairment because of pain measured by the Griss scale an improvement was seen in 70 % of the patients receiving fluvoxamine versus 44 % in patients receiving placebo. Additionally, an improvement in the M1 group was seen in the WOMAC scale and in factors such as pain, stiffness and mobility compared to the M2 group. Using the CGI scale, 56.6 % of the M1 group compared to 37.9 % of the M2 group were stating that their overall status had improved "much" or "very much" at the end of the treatment (V9). A depression had been excluded in all patients. No statistical differences were seen in the Bf scale (von Zerssen) during all evaluations (V1 to V9). During the whole study 127 side effects were registered in 49 patients. None of the 5 severe events were related to the investigated drug. CONCLUSION: Considering the good effects in combination with very few side effects, a positive cost‐effectiveness relation for the usage of fluvoxamine can be stated in patients with chronic pain syndrome due to hip and knee arthritis.
Improvement in Pain,Function and HRQoL ( Health Related Quality of Life) in Subacute Low Back Pain: a Controlled Clinical Trial of Exercise vs NSAIDs (Nonsteroidal Antiinflammatory); General Purpose To evaluate the effectiveness in reducing pain and improving function and quality of life during a 6‐months follow‐up of a therapeutic exercise program compared to pharmacological treatment with NSAIDs in patients with subacute low back pain attending the physiatrist consultation of several ambulatory health centers in Medellín during the years 2009‐2010. Specific Objectives 1. To evaluate the efficacy of a protocolized exercise program in reducing low back pain. 2. To evaluate the efficacy of a protocolized exercise program in improving the function. 3. To compare the effects of both interventions on quality of life and work absenteeism in the two groups of patients. 4. To compare the safety of both interventions. 5. To estimate adherence and causes of non‐adherence of patients to different treatments proposed. 6. To compare in both groups the number of relapses, general and specialized medical consultations, screening studies, images and other treatments associated with low back pain. Null Hypothesis Management of subacute low back pain patients with a protocolized exercise program is not more effective than treatment with NSAIDs to reduce pain at least in 25 mm, measured with a Visual Analog Scale 0‐100 mm. Alternative hypothesis Management of subacute low back pain patients with a protocolized exercise program is not more effective than treatment with NSAIDs to reduce pain at least in 25 mm, measured with a Visual Analog Scale 0‐100 mm. Methodology: Type of study: randomized controlled clinical trial, single‐blinded with independent evaluators. Reference population: Patients consulting physiatrists in different physical medicine and rehabilitation departments in Medellin, Colombia. Study population: patients with subacute low back pain ‐evolution time more than 6 weeks and less than 3 months‐, with or without radiculopathy, and that fulfill inclusion criteria. In addition patients must sign an informed consent to participate in research. Inclusion criteria: ‐ Patients aged between 18 and 60 years with subacute low back pain. ‐ Evolution time more than 6 weeks and less than 3 months. ‐ That were included in the social security system and live in the metropolitan area. Exclusion criteria: ‐ Antecedents of spinal, pelvis or abdominal trauma. ‐ Cancer. ‐ Diabetes mellitus. ‐ Steroid use. ‐ Women over 60 years. ‐ Cauda equine syndrome. ‐ Men with osteoporosis or compression fractures. ‐ Suspicion of infection ‐ Insidious onset ‐ Constitutional symptoms ‐ Intravenous drugs abuse ‐ HIV ‐ Immunosuppression ‐ Previous surgery ‐ Rheumatic diseases ‐ Urinary tract infections ‐ Neurological symptoms in lower limbs ‐ Mental illness (schizophrenia, bipolar or somatomorphic disorder, major depression) ‐ Deformities in the spine (scoliosis greater than 15º) ‐ History of peptic acid disease ‐ Renal failure ‐ Intake of anticoagulants or antiplatelet drugs ‐ Allergy to NSAIDs. Primary outcome Pain relief more than 25 mm on the Visual Analogue Scale, ranging from 0 to 100, assessed 4 weeks after intervention. Secondary outcomes: Improvement in function assessed by the Oswestry Disability Index and Roland‐Morris questionnaire comparing baseline to first, three and six months follow‐up. Improvement in quality of life assessed by SF‐36 (The Short Form Health Survey) questionnaire at baseline and at first, third and sixth months. Work absenteeism decrease. Decrease in the number of relapses, general and specialized medical consultations, screening studies, images and other treatments associated with low back pain at 6 months. Safety of both treatments evaluated in the exercise group by tolerance to training and presence or not of side effects, and in the NSAIDs group by the presence or absence of adverse reactions. Sample: Sampling type: simple random. Sample size calculation was based on software "Sample size Javeriana University" Type I error: 0.05 Type II Error: 0.2 Assessments number prior to randomization: 1 Assessments number after randomization: 3 Correlation between evaluations: 0.8 Clinically important difference: 0.33 Number of patients per group: 33 Experimental group control group ratio : 1 to 1 10% of loss: 7 Total: 73 Randomization Randomization was done by means of permuted blocks of size 2, 4 and 6, generated by computer (Ralloc program, co Stata 8.2, College Station, TX, USA). Allocation will be confidential and will not be opened until the investigation is completed, this will be monitored by the Committee of Data Security. Enrollment Patients with subacute low back pain consulting Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation Departments of hospitals in Medellín, Colombia. There will be an initial assessment, and if patient is considered eligible will be invited to participate and asked to sign an informed consent (Appendix 1). Treatment assignment will be given in an opaque envelope. Masking Medical researchers who evaluate the patients, research assistants who perform the application of different measure instruments and statistical will be blinded to treatment allocation. Initial assessment Clinical evaluation will be performed by one of the research physiatrists. Evaluation will include: epidemiological and clinical, Visual Analog Scale (VAS), Oswestry scale, Rolland Morris Scale, and SF‐36 quality of life scale. Intervention One group will be assigned to protocolized back pain exercise, three times a week for 4 weeks. This program is carried out by physiotherapists from participating institutions who wish to participate in research and who will be given a training which will standardize the intervention programs Exercise program includes: physical agents, massage of myofascial points, stretching and strengthening exercises, cycloergometer or band aerobic exercises. Treatment, type of exercises, exercise tolerance and adverse reactions will be registered. The second group will receive NSAID for 10 days, there will be two different options (naproxen or celecoxib) according to indications and contraindications. In case of increase in pain intensity in either of the two groups, acetaminophen in doses of 1.5 to 2.0 g / day will be used as a rescue. Adherence to different treatments. To ensure adherence to different treatments each patient will receive a phone call weekly to inquire about assistance, difficulties, tolerance, use of medications, and adverse effects. Patients will be given a questionnaire to verify drugs intake, dosage, time and side effects. They should also register any other drug ingestion. Telephone calls will be made every 15 days to ask about the health status and ensuring assistance to new assessments. Assessment will be scheduled at 1, 3, and 6 months Clinical evaluation will be performed by one of the researcher physiatrists or a postgraduate student. Committee of safety and quality of data. This committee will consist of two researchers and one professional information management responsible for the database. This will be done in Access and SPSS 15 (Statistical Product and Service Solutions) before starting information recollection. Analysis Plan Categorical univariate variables will be analyzed by frequency distributions and quantitative variables by measures of central tendency (mean, standard deviation, median or range). Both groups will be compared after randomization and before intervention for all variables. Initially, it will be established for each group if the quantitative variables are of normal distribution, by using the Kolmogorov‐Smirnov test. Pain (primary outcome) will be evaluated in each patient at 1, 3 and 6 months and will be compared with initial pain (mean and confidence intervals) by using Student t test or Mann Whitney for each time period. The same procedure would be for the other outcomes measured quantitatively. An analysis of variance with repeated measures for the variability between groups and intragroup will be made. Comparison of categorical variables at each assessment will be done using the Chi2 test. The level of statistical significance to be used in all cases is 0.05. An analysis by intention to treat and per protocol will be made. Ethics This research and informed consent is according to "Scientific, technical and administrative standards for health research" of the Ministry of Health and the Decree 309 of 2000 of the Ministry of Environment. This is considered a minimal risk research, because therapeutic interventions are widely used to treat patients with these conditions.
Acupuncture for Inflammatory Pain and Central Sensitization - A Pilot Study; Acupuncture is used extensively by patients worldwide for a variety of illnesses. While research is beginning to show effectiveness in clinical pain, the mechanisms underlying how these effects are evoked are poorly understood. Experimental models in healthy human volunteers can more closely control the variables of acupuncture needling and begin to separate out the relative contribution of specific components of needling and needle stimulation. By examining acupuncture's effects on experimental inflammatory models with well‐characterized physiologic mechanisms, hypotheses can begin to be generated regarding how acupuncture produces its clinical effects. We propose to establish a model which could be used as a template to examine the individual components contributing to acupuncture's clinical effects on inflammation and pain. We hypothesize that acupuncture will have analgesic and anti‐inflammatory effects on a ultraviolet B induced cutaneous lesion as well as a model of heat pain testing which activates central sensitization. Twenty healthy human volunteers will participate in a crossover study with active acupuncture and sham acupuncture interventions. They will be tested for their minimal erythemal dose (MED) to ultraviolet B exposure. An experimental lesion at 3x MED will be administered on the lower leg. Background information will be collected which could affect individuals' sensitivity to pain such as anxiety and depression, as well as their expectations regarding acupuncture treatment. The following day they will return for the first experimental day. A measurement with Laser Doppler will quantify the inflammation in the ultraviolet B lesion. Heat pain testing will be performed using a computer controlled thermode both on and off the ultraviolet B lesion. On‐lesion testing will be for heat pain threshold. Off‐lesion testing will examine temporal summation of heat pain. Next, a licensed acupuncturist will perform either true electroacupuncture or sham electroacupuncture in the region adjacent to the ultraviolet B lesion. Participants are blinded to the intervention, as is the examiner collecting data. Afterwards, Laser Doppler and heat pain testing will be repeated. The difference between pre‐acupuncture and post‐acupuncture measurements will represent the acupuncture ‐induced analgesic and anti‐inflammatory effects. Participants will return for another ultraviolet B exposure adjacent to the first, and will receive whichever sham or true acupuncture intervention was not performed on the first study day.
Combination drug therapy for fibromyalgia pain; INTERVENTION: 1. Pregabalin‐duloxetion combination 2. Pregabalin 3. Duloxetine 4. Inert placebo As per a double‐dummy, balanced Latin Square design, trial treatments are administered orally in four different treatment periods. In each of the four periods, doses of study medication are gradually titrated ‐ over 24 days ‐ towards each individual maximal tolerated dose and continued at that dose for seven days followed by an 11 day taper‐washout period. Ceiling doses are 450 mg daily for pregabalin and 120 mg daily for duloxetine. Total duration of follow‐up is 9 months. CONDITION: Fibromyalgia ; Musculoskeletal Diseases ; Other soft tissue disorders, not elsewhere classified PRIMARY OUTCOME: Daily pain intensity, recorded at study baseline and during each treatment at maximal tolerated dose (MTD) SECONDARY OUTCOME: Recorded at baseline and during each treatment at maximal tolerated dose (MTD):; 1. Fibromyalgia Impact Questionnaire; 2. Number of tender points; 3. Medical Outcomes Study Sleep Scale; 4. Global pain relief; 5. Brief Pain Inventory; 6. Beck Depression Inventory 2; 7. Beck Anxiety Inventory; 8. Short form McGill Pain Questionnaire ; 9. 36‐item short form (SF‐36) quality of life survey; 10. Maximal tolerated doses of of duloxetine and pregabalin; 11. Frequency/severity of other treatment‐emergent adverse effects; 12. Blinding questionnaires; 13. Acetaminophen consumption INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Fibromyalgia according to American College of Rheumatology (ACR) criteria 1990 2. Experiencing daily moderate pain (greater than or equal to 4/10) for at least 3 months 3. Adults aged 18 to 70 years, either sex 4. Patients entering the study on duloxetine, gabapentinoids and other drugs which adversely interact with study drugs (e.g., selective serotonin receptor inhibitors [SSRIs], momanime oxidase inhibitors [MAOIs], tramadol etc.) must be weaned off. Participants taking less than 200 mg morphine equivalents/day are allowed to continue these medications at a steady dose. 5. Permitted analgesic medications are non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), acetaminophen (4 g/d) and aspirin (less than or equal to 325 mg/d for cardiac prophylaxis) 6. Serum laboratory results obtained at study entry: 6.1. Liver function tests: alanine aminotransferase (ALT)/aspartate aminotransferase (AST) less than 1.2 times upper limit of normal 6.2. Creatin
Impact of the context in the management of osteoarthritis; Over 250 million people (3.6%) have osteoarthritis (OA) of the knee globally, accounting for a quarter of the primary are consultations and resulting in a huge economic burdens for both patients and care providers. The burden of the disease keeps rising due to aging, increasing prevalence of obesity and poor treatments. Over 53 treatments have been developed so far. However, the benefits of these treatments are just slightly better than placebo and majority have serious side effects. Treatment of OA hits on the break wall and many people with OA continue to have pain and poor quality of life. Is there any magic bullet for OA? Instead of developinganother molecule which may give a little bit of benefits but serious side effects, we simply examined the benefit from placebo in randomised controlled trials for OA. We foundthat placebo was effective and its effect size was moderate, 0.51 for OA pain. This effect size was much larger than most OA therapies including non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (0.35). Placebo was also effective to improve function and stiffness due to OA. The study suggests that placebo is a powerful treatment for OA. The findings are in line with the literature where placebo is effective in many chronic conditions such as depression and irritable bowel syndrome. Can we use placebos outside the clinical trials? It is unethical to prescribe placebo. We have therefore reconceptualised treatment in order to ethically use placebo in clinical practice. We consider that any treatment consists of specific and non‐specific components. The treatment effect may also be separated into two parts (1) specific effect, and (2) contextual effect (placebo effect or non‐specific effect). When we deliver a treatment, we always deliver both, not one or another. Large amount of literature have found that many contextual elements have therapeutic effect such as empathy, physician and patient relationship, and environment. We recently found that for example in OA, 60% of treatment benefit wasobtained from the contextual effect. Even for opioids, a strong analgesic, the contextual effect was 35%. By contrast, the contextual effect from vitamins and joint lavage was 100%. What are the key messages to take homefrom this lecture? Placebo is effective for OA. It is always part of agiven treatment, which can be ethically delivered in clinical practice. The treatment outcome may be enhanced if we are aware of the key contextual elements and deliver them with a specific treatment. We should treat a patient with OA, not OA that a patient has!
The effect of melatonin supplementation on obesity management; INTERVENTION: Control group will receive 6 mg placebo ( 2 tablet, 3 mg each containing cellulose, silicon dioxide and starch) 2 hours before bed time for 40 days with weight loss diet. Intervention 1: Intervention group: melatonin which is a natural hormone in the body and regulates sleep will be administered as oral supplement at a dose of 6 milligram (2 melatonin tablet, 3 mg each; made by Nature Made, USA) 2 hours before bed time for 40 days with weight loss diet. Intervention 2: Control group will receive 6 mg placebo ( 2 tablet, 3 mg each containing cellulose, silicon dioxide and starch) 2 hours before bed time for 40 days with weight loss diet. Intervention group: melatonin which is a natural hormone in the body and regulates sleep will be administered as oral supplement at a dose of 6 milligram (2 melatonin tablet, 3 mg each; made by Nature Made, USA) 2 hours before bed time for 40 days with weight loss diet. Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Obesity due to excess calories obesity. ; Obesity due to excess calories PRIMARY OUTCOME: Adiponectin. Timepoint: The onset and end of the study. Method of measurement: ELISA. Glucose. Timepoint: The onset and end of the study. Method of measurement: Enzymatic colorimetric. HDL‐C. Timepoint: The onset and end of the study. Method of measurement: Enzymatic colorimetric. High sensitive c‐ reactive protein. Timepoint: the onset and end of the study. Method of measurement: immunoturbidometry. Insulin. Timepoint: The onset and end of the study. Method of measurement: Chemiluminescence. LDL‐C. Timepoint: The onset and end of the study. Method of measurement: Enzymatic colorimetric. Leptin. Timepoint: The onset and end of the study. Method of measurement: ELISA. Malondialdehyde. Timepoint: The onset and end of the study. Method of measurement: Spectrophotometry. Nutritional status. Timepoint: The onset and end of the study. Method of measurement: Measurement of energy and nutrients intake using 24‐hour dietary recall method and anthropometric measurement using scale and stadiometer. Total antioxidant capacity. Timepoint: The onset and end of the study. Method of measurement: Spectrophotometry. Total cholesterol. Timepoint: The onset and end of the study. Method of measurement: Enzymatic colorimetric. Triglyceride. Timepoint: The onset and end of the study. Method of measurement: Enzymatic colorimetric. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Volunteer women with body mass index(BMI) =30 or more, aged between 20‐50 years with maintained weight during the last six months Exclusion criteria: Include pregnancy and lactation, menopause, smoking, alcohol consumption, having endocrine or kidney disease, depression, taking tranquilizers, contraceptives, anti‐ inflammatory, glucose and lipid‐ lowering drugs. Also taking any kind of antioxidant supplements in the last 3 months
A short course of low dose steroid tablets as a treatment for painful hand osteoarthritis- does it work?; INTERVENTION: Patients will be randomised to either one of the following regimens: 1. One capsule containing 5 miligrams of prednisolone daily for 28 days orally 2. Placebo capsule one daily for 28 days orally The total trial duration will be 12 weeks; 4 weeks of treatment then a follow‐up visit 8 weeks later. CONDITION: Painful hand osteoarthritis ; Musculoskeletal Diseases ; Osteoarthritis PRIMARY OUTCOME: Change in hand pain VAS, measured from 0 mm (no pain) to 100 mm (severe pain) from baseline to 4 weeks SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1. Change in functional scores (including the Australian/Canadian Osteoarthritis Hand Index [AUSCAN] functional subscale) at 4 and 12 weeks. Measured using the VAS AUSCAN 0 ‐ 100 mm whereby 0 mm = no difficulty and 100 mm = extreme difficulty; 2. Change in pain scores (including VAS global disease activity score and AUSCAN pain subscale) at 4 and 12 weeks. Disease activity scores are measured from 0 mm (no activity) to 100 mm (extreme activity). Pain scores are measured from 0 mm (no pain) to 100 mm (extreme pain).; 3. Change in Osteoarthritis Quality of Life questionnaire (OAQoL) scores at 12 weeks; 4. Change in Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS) scores at 4 and 12 weeks; 5. Changes on extremity MRI scan at baseline and 4 weeks. MRIs will be scored for synovitis using a semi‐quantitative scoring system. INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Patients must fulfil the American College of Rheumatology criteria for OA of the small joints of the hand 2. Moderately severe symptoms (greater than or equal to 40/100 on hand pain visual analogue scale [VAS] at screening) 3. Symptoms present on most days over the last 3 months 4. A previous radiograph of the hands with changes consistent with osteoarthritis 5. Stable analgesic requirements (including non‐steriodal anti‐inflammatory drugs [NSAIDs]) for at least 4 weeks 6. Stable doses of chondroitin or glucosamine for 4 months 7. No oral, intramuscular [IM], intra‐arterial [IA], or intravenous [IV] steroids during the last 3 months 8. The patient must be able to adhere to the study visit schedule and other protocol requirements 9. The patient must be capable of giving informed consent and the consent must be obtained prior to any screening procedures 10. Aged 43 ‐ 81 years, either sex
A prospective study of analgesic quality after a thoracotomy: paravertebral block with ropivacaine before and after rib spreading; OBJECTIVE: Paravertebral block (PVB) is an effective alternative to epidural analgesia in the management of post‐thoracotomy pain. Rib spreading (RS) is an important noxious stimulus considered a major cause of post‐thoracotomy pain. Our hypothesis was that a bolus of ropivacaine 0.2% through a paravertebral catheter (PVC) inserted before RS could decrease pain during the first 72 postoperative hours. METHODS: The methodology employed was to perform a prospective randomised study of 60 consecutive patients submitted to thoracotomy. Patients were divided in two independent groups (anterior thoracotomy (AT) and posterolateral thoracotomy (PT)). A catheter was inserted under direct vision in the thoracic paravertebral space at the level of incision. In each group, patients were randomised to receive a bolus of 20 ml of ropivacaine 0.2% before rib spreading (pre‐RS) or after (post‐RS), just before closing the thoracotomy. They postoperatively received 15 ml of ropivacaine 0.2% every 6 h combined with methamizol (every 6h). Subcutaneous meperidine was employed as a rescue drug. The level of pain was measured with the visual analogue scale (VAS) at 1, 6, 24, 48 and 72 h after surgery. The need of meperidine as a rescue drug and secondary effects were also recorded. RESULTS: We did not register secondary effects in relation to the PVC (paravertebral or cutaneous bleeding or haematoma, respiratory depression, cardiotoxicity, confusion, sedation, urinary retention, nausea, vomiting or pruritus). Seven patients (11.6%) needed meperidine as rescue drug (four pre‐RS and three post‐RS). The mean VAS values were the following: all cases (n=60): 4.7+/‐2.0; AT (n=32): 4.0+/‐2.1; PT (n=28): 5.6+/‐1.8; pre‐RS (n=30): 4.8+/‐1.9; post‐RS (n=30): 4.6+/‐2.0; AT‐pre‐RS (n=16): 4.1+/‐2.0; AT‐post‐RS (n=16): 3.9+/‐2.1; PT‐pre‐RS (n=14): 5.6+/‐1.6; PT‐post‐RS (n=14): 5.4+/‐1.7. CONCLUSIONS: Post‐thoracotomy analgesia combining PVC and a non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drug is a safe and effective practice. VAS values are acceptable (only 11.6% of patients required meperidine). It prevents the risk of side effects related to epidural analgesia. Patients submitted to AT experienced less pain than those with PT (4.0 vs 5.6; p<0.01). PVB with ropivacaine before RS got similar VAS values than the block after RS (4.8 vs 4.6; p>0.05). The moment of the insertion of the PVC does not seem to affect postoperative pain levels.
Comparative analysis of analgesic quality in the postoperative of thoracotomy: paravertebral block with bupivacaine 0.5% vs ropivacaine 0.2%; OBJECTIVES: Paravertebral block is an effective alternative to epidural analgesia in the management of post‐thoracotomy pain, however, there are no established guidelines regarding what is the most suitable strategy when varying drugs and dosages between different groups. Our objective was to evaluate the effectiveness of paravertebral block comparing the most frequently employed drugs in this procedure (bupivacaine vs ropivacaine). METHODS: Prospective randomized study of 70 patients submitted to thoracotomy. Patients were divided in two independent groups (anterior thoracotomy (AT) and posterolateral thoracotomy (PT)). At the end of surgery a catheter was inserted under direct vision in the thoracic paravertebral space at the level of incision. In each group (AT or PT) patients were randomized to receive a bolus of 15 ml of bupivacaine 0.5% or 20 ml of ropivacaine 0.2% before closing the thoracotomy. They postoperatively received 10 ml of bupivacaine or 15 ml of ropivacaine every 6h combined with methamizol (every 6h). Subcutaneous meperidine was employed as rescue drug. The level of pain was measured with the visual analogic scale (VAS) at 1, 6, 24, 48 and 72 h after surgery. The need of meperidine as rescue drug and secondary effects was also recorded. RESULTS: We did not register secondary effects in relation to the paravertebral catheter (paravertebral or cutaneous bleeding or hematoma, respiratory depression (respiratory rate <8 breaths per minute), cardiotoxicity, confusion, sedation, urinary retention, nausea, vomiting and pruritus). Eleven patients (16%) needed meperidine as rescue drug (six with ropivacaine and five with bupivacaine). Mean VAS values were the following: all the cases (n=70): 5.2+/‐2.1, AT (n=38): 4.5+/‐2.1, PT (n=32): 5.9+/‐1.7, bupivacaine (n=35): 4.9+/‐2.1, ropivacaine (n=35): 5.4+/‐1.9, AT with bupivacaine (n=19): 4.2+/‐2.2, AT with ropivacaine (n=19): 4.9+/‐2.0, PT with bupivacaine (n=16): 5.7+/‐1.6, PT with ropivacaine (n=16): 6.0+/‐1.7. CONCLUSIONS: Post‐thoracotomy analgesia combining paravertebral catheter and a nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drug is a safe and effective practice, VAS values are acceptable (only 16% of patients required meperidine as rescue). It prevents the risk of side effects related to epidural analgesia. Patients submitted to AT experienced less pain than those with PT (4.5 vs 5.9, p<0.01). Bupivacaine got slightly better VAS values than ropivacaine (4.9 vs 5.4 p<0.05). Higher doses and volumes of local anesthetic could be used to obtain better VAS values.
Effects of topical corticosteroid therapy on Langerhans cell antigen presenting function in human skin; We have investigated the mechanisms by which topical corticosteroids modulate cutaneous immune reactions in man. Volunteers applied clobetasone butyrate 0.05% (Eumovate; EV), betamethasone valerate 0.1% (Betnovate; BV), clobetasol propionate 0.05% (Dermovate; DV), and control vehicles twice daily to forearm skin for 7 days. Steroid therapy significantly decreased the number of HLA‐DR/T6 (CD1a) positive Langerhans cells (LCs) per mm2 in suction blister‐derived epidermal sheets, expressed as a mean percentage of controls, as follows: EV 69.2%; BV 67.3%; DV 37.8%. LC antigen presenting capacity was determined in the allogeneic and autologous epidermal cell‐lymphocyte reactions. The LC‐dependent allostimulatory capacity of epidermal cells, expressed as a mean percentage of controls, was also significantly reduced by steroid therapy: EV 45.1%; BV 41.9%; DV 23.4%. Following therapy with clobetasol propionate 0.05%, the capacity of epidermal cells to present tetanus toxoid to, and to augment concanavalin A mediated lymphocyte stimulation of, autologous lymphocytes was reduced to 33.6% and 19.7% respectively of controls. Depression of epidermal cell allostimulatory capacity was not the result of a steroid‐induced decrease in the production of epidermal cell‐derived thymocyte activating factor (ETAF)/interleukin 1 by keratinocytes, since it could not be reversed by addition of exogenous interleukin 1. Indomethacin, added to block any potential prostaglandin synthesis during the culture period, did not restore the allostimulatory capacity of epidermal cells from steroid‐treated sites. Addition of epidermal cells from DV‐treated sites depressed the capacity of control epidermal cells to stimulate lymphocytes in the allogeneic epidermal‐lymphocyte reaction. Our results demonstrate that the anti‐inflammatory action of topical corticosteroids in man is associated not only with a reduction in the number of HLA‐DR/T6 positive LCs, but also with a marked decrease in Langerhans cell‐dependent T lymphocyte activation. The effects of the different steroids on both of these parameters correlated with their potency as determined in the standard occlusive vasoconstrictor assay. Topical corticosteroids are widely used for the treatment of inflammatory skin disorders, and inhibit not only the elicitation phase, but also the induction phase, of allergic contact dermatitis reactions.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS)
Safety profile of belimumab in phase 2 and 3 clinical trials of patients with active SLE; Background: More than 2000 SLE patients have been evaluated in clinical trials of belimumab plus standard SLE therapy. Objective: To present the integrated safety data from the blinded placebo‐controlled periods of three belimumab phase 2/3, randomized, multicenter, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trials in patients with active SLE. Methods: Safety data from patients who participated in the phase 2 [LBSL02 (ClinicalTrials. gov NCT00071487), N = 449] and phase 3 [BLISS‐52 (NCT00424476), N = 865; BLISS‐ 76 (NCT00410384), N = 819] SLE trials were evaluated. Belimumab (1 and 10 mg/kg in all studies; 4 mg/kg in LBSL02 only) or placebo was given by intravenous infusion on days 0, 14, and 28, and q28d thereafter for 52 weeks in LBSL02, 48 weeks in BLISS‐52, and 72 weeks in BLISS‐76. The focus of this analysis is on patients who received belimumab 1 or 10 mg/kg, or placebo. All patients received ≥1 standard therapy (or a combination), e.g., corticosteroids, antimalarials, immunosuppressants, and nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs. Clinical and laboratory assessments were performed during scheduled visits and adverse events (AEs) were evaluated as they occurred. Results: Rates of AEs overall, by severity and seriousness, and as the cause of discontinuations were similar between placebo and belimumab. Depression‐related AEs were more common with belimumab 1 and 10 mg/kg versus placebo (6.5% and 6.1% versus 5.0%, respectively). One suicide was reported with each belimumab dose. Infection rates, including lower respiratory infections, as well as infusion/hypersensitivity reactions were numerically higher with belimumab, while all others were comparable to placebo. Mortality rates/ 100‐patient‐years were 0.43 with placebo versus 0.73 with belimumab. No single cause of death predominated; etiologies included infection, SLE, cardiovascular disease, suicide, ischemic stroke, and ovarian cancer. Malignancy rates/100: Patient‐years (excluding nonmelanoma skin cancer) were 0.29 with placebo versus 0.20 with belimumab. No pattern of malignancies or increase in any particular type of malignancy was identified in the belimumab group. (Table presented) Conclusion: These data from 2133 patients (with 4651 patient‐years of exposure) suggest that belimumab combined with standard therapy is generally well tolerated and has a favorable safety profile for its proposed use in the chronic treatment of autoantibody‐positive patients with active SLE.
Safety profile of belimumab, a B-lymphocyte stimulatorspecific inhibitor, in phase 2 and 3 clinical trials of patients with active systemic lupus erythematosus; Background/Purpose: To present integrated safety data of belimumab in 3 double‐blind studies of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), including the full wk‐76 data from BLISS‐76. Methods: Safety data from 2133 patients with SLE who participated in one phase 2 (LBSL02, N=449) and two phase 3 (BLISS‐52, N = 865; BLISS‐76, N = 819), multicenter, double‐blind, clinical studies of belimumab were evaluated. Belimumab (1 and 10 mg/kg in all studies; 4 mg/kg in LBSL02 only) or placebo was given by intravenous (IV) infusion on days 0, 14, and 28, and q28d thereafter for 52 weeks in LBSL02, 48 weeks in BLISS‐52, and 72 weeks in BLISS‐76. All patients received >=1 standard therapy (or a combination), eg, corticosteroids, antimalarials, immunosuppressants, and nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs. Clinical and laboratory assessments were performed during scheduled visits and adverse events (AEs) were evaluated as they occurred. AE rates were based on the double‐blind, placebo‐controlled phase 2 and phase 3 studies. Malignancy rate was based on exposure to belimumab in all SLE studies (phases 1‐3 and open‐label continuation; IV and subcutaneous routes). Results: Rates of AEs overall, by severity and seriousness, and as the cause of discontinuations were similar between placebo and belimumab. Depression was more common with belimumab 1 and 10 mg vs standard therapy alone (6.1% and 5.2% vs 3.7%, respectively). The suicidality rate was the same across treatment groups (0.1%). Infection rates, including lower respiratory infections, as well as infusion/hypersensitivity reactions were numerically higher with belimumab, while all others were comparable with placebo. In all belimumab SLE studies (double‐blind and continuation), the rate/100 patient‐years (pt‐y) of malignancy (excluding nonmelanoma skin cancer) was 0.45, and of mortality was 0.55. No single cause of death predominated; etiologies included infection, cardiovascular disease, and suicide. (Table Presented) Conclusion: Based on data from 2133 patients (with >4600 pt‐y of exposure), belimumab was generally well tolerated when used in combination with a wide range of standard SLE therapy.
Addition of clopidogrel to aspirin in 45,852 patients with acute myocardial infarction: randomised placebo-controlled trial; BACKGROUND: Despite improvements in the emergency treatment of myocardial infarction (MI), early mortality and morbidity remain high. The antiplatelet agent clopidogrel adds to the benefit of aspirin in acute coronary syndromes without ST‐segment elevation, but its effects in patients with ST‐elevation MI were unclear. METHODS: 45,852 patients admitted to 1250 hospitals within 24 h of suspected acute MI onset were randomly allocated clopidogrel 75 mg daily (n=22,961) or matching placebo (n=22,891) in addition to aspirin 162 mg daily. 93% had ST‐segment elevation or bundle branch block, and 7% had ST‐segment depression. Treatment was to continue until discharge or up to 4 weeks in hospital (mean 15 days in survivors) and 93% of patients completed it. The two prespecified co‐primary outcomes were: (1) the composite of death, reinfarction, or stroke; and (2) death from any cause during the scheduled treatment period. Comparisons were by intention to treat, and used the log‐rank method. This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT00222573. FINDINGS: Allocation to clopidogrel produced a highly significant 9% (95% CI 3‐14) proportional reduction in death, reinfarction, or stroke (2121 [9.2%] clopidogrel vs 2310 [10.1%] placebo; p=0.002), corresponding to nine (SE 3) fewer events per 1000 patients treated for about 2 weeks. There was also a significant 7% (1‐13) proportional reduction in any death (1726 [7.5%] vs 1845 [8.1%]; p=0.03). These effects on death, reinfarction, and stroke seemed consistent across a wide range of patients and independent of other treatments being used. Considering all fatal, transfused, or cerebral bleeds together, no significant excess risk was noted with clopidogrel, either overall (134 [0.58%] vs 125 [0.55%]; p=0.59), or in patients aged older than 70 years or in those given fibrinolytic therapy. INTERPRETATION: In a wide range of patients with acute MI, adding clopidogrel 75 mg daily to aspirin and other standard treatments (such as fibrinolytic therapy) safely reduces mortality and major vascular events in hospital, and should be considered routinely.
A prospective, randomized, verum controlled, open label, parallel group multi-center phase III clinical trial to demonstrate the superiority of 500 or 250 mg Aspirin® i.v. (BAY 81-8781) treatment versus 300 mg Aspirin® N tablets p.o. (BAY e4465A) in patients with Acute Coronary Syndrome, measured by time dependent thromboxane inhibition - ACUTE: intravenous Aspirin in the Treatment of ACUTe Coronary SyndromE; INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Aspirin i.v. 500mg Product Name: Aspirin i.v. 500 mg Product Code: BAY 81‐8781 Pharmaceutical Form: Powder and solvent for solution for injection INN or Proposed INN: D,L‐lysine acetylsalicylate x glycine Current Sponsor code: BAY 81‐8781 Concentration unit: mg/ml milligram(s)/millilitre Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 1000‐ Trade Name: Aspirin i.v. 500 mg Product Name: Aspirin i.v. 500 mg Product Code: BAY 81‐8781 Pharmaceutical Form: Powder and solvent for solution for injection INN or Proposed INN: D,L‐lysine acetylsalicylate x glycine Current Sponsor code: BAY 81‐8781 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 500‐ Trade Name: Aspirin N 300 mg Product Name: 300 mg Aspirin N tablet Product Code: BAY e4465A Pharmaceutical Form: Tablet INN or Proposed INN: Acetylsalicylic acid CAS Number: 50‐78‐2 Current Sponsor code: BAY e4465A Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 300‐ CONDITION: Acute coronary syndrome (ACS) ; MedDRA version: 14.1 Level: PT Classification code 10051592 Term: Acute coronary syndrome System Organ Class: 10007541 ‐ Cardiac disorders PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To demonstrate superiority of 500 mg and 250 mg Aspirin® i.v. (BAY 81‐8781) treatment over oral treatment; with 300 mg Aspirin® N tablets to inhibit thromboxane A2‐release (measured as stable metabolite thromboxane; B2 in serum, TXB2) at 5 minutes after single dose of study drug administration. Thromboxane release is a; surrogate parameter for the inhibition of platelet aggregation and thrombus formation in vivo Primary end point(s): TXB2 concentration at 5 minutes after study drug administration Secondary Objective: The measurement of TXB2 levels at 20 minutes; the measurement of the serum prostacyclin levels, measured; by its metabolite 6‐keto PGF1a, at 5 minutes and 20 minutes after single dose study drug administration and; the measurement of platelet aggregation inhibition at 5 minutes and 20 minutes after single dose study drug; administration. In addition the incidence of the composite clinical endpoint of cardiovascular death, stroke and; myocardial infarction up to day 30 as well as the incidence of death from all causes and cardiovascular deaths,; ischemic strokes and myocardial re/infarctions within 24 hours, 7 days and 30 days after study drug treatment; will be measured. INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐ Age > 18 years (pre‐menopausal women must apply appropriate contraception, such as oral contraception or intra‐uterine device or be hysterectomized) ‐ Baseline sample for TBX2 measurement is available ‐ Caucasian patient ‐ Angina pectoris lasting for more than 20 minutes within the last 24 hours before study drug treatment (or equivalent acute symptoms such as increasing dyspnoe, diaphoresis, nausea, abdominal/epigastric pain, syncope etc.) ‐and at least one of the following: >ECG changes suggestive for ischemia:ST elevation or T‐wave change or ST depression, new or presumed LBBB >Elevated troponin T levels > 0.01 ng/ml or any other elevated troponin levels according to local laboratory reference values > Risk factors for ACS such as known coronary artery disease (CAD), diabetes mellitus, impaired renal function, peripheral artery or cerebrovascular disease, current smoking. Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number
Randomized, multinational, double-blind study, comparing a high loading dose regimen of clopidogrel versus standard dose in patients with unstable angina or non-ST segment elevation myocardial infarction managed with an early invasive strategy - CURRENT; INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Plavix Pharmaceutical Form: Film‐coated tablet INN or Proposed INN: Clopidogrel CAS Number: 120202‐66‐6 Current Sponsor code: SR25990C Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 75‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Film‐coated tablet Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use CONDITION: Patients with non‐ST segment elevation myocardial infarction managed with an early PCI. ; MedDRA version: 8.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10064347 INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Ischemic symptoms suspected to represent a non‐ST segment elevation ACS (unstable angina [UA] or non‐ST segment elevation myocardial infarction [NSTEMI]) defined as: Clinical history consistent with new onset, or a worsening pattern, of characteristicischemic chest pain occurring at rest or with minimal exertion (lasting longer than 10minutes) and planned to be managed with an early invasive strategy with intent toperform a percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) as early as possible within 24hours of randomization. AND at least one of the following a) Electrocardiogram (ECG) changes compatible with new ischemia [ST depression of at least 1mm or transient ST elevation or ST elevation of less than or equal to 1 mm or T wave inversion greater than 2 mm in at least 2 contiguous leads]. or b) Patients > 60 years of age with normal ECG are eligible provided there is a high degree of certainty that presenting symptoms are due to myocardial ischemia. PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To determine whether a high dose regimen of clopidogrel (600 mg loading dose [LD] followed by 150 mg once daily (o.d) from Day 2 to 7, then 75 mg o.d) is superior to a standard dose of clopidogrel (300 mg LD followed by 75 mg o.d) in preventing the composite of cardiovascular death, MI or stroke (first co‐primary endpoint) and/ or the composite of cardiovascular death, MI, stroke or recurrent ischemia (second co‐primary endpoint) in patients with non‐ST segment elevation acute coronary syndromes (ACS) who are treated with an early invasive strategy with an intent to perform PCI as early as possible within 24 hours of randomization.; Also to determine, in a factorial design, whether a high dose of acetylsalicylic acid (ASA) is superior to a low dose of ASA in preventing the composite of cardiovascular death, MI or stroke (first co‐primary endpoint) and/ or the composite of cardiovascular death, MI, stroke or recurrent ischemia (second co‐primary endpoint). Primary end point(s): FOR CLOPIDOGREL DOSE COMPARISON(S); First Co‐primary efficacy endpoint:; First occurrence of any component of the composite cluster of cardiovascular (CV) death, MI, stroke at 30 Days.; Second Co‐primary efficacy endpoint:; First occurrence of any component of the composite cluster of cardiovascular (CV) death, MI, stroke and recurrent ischemia at 30 Days.; Primary safety endpoint:; Major bleeding (i.e. severe bleeding and other major bleeding) at 30 Days.; ; FOR ASA DOSE COMPARISON(S); First Co‐primary efficacy endpoint:; First occurrence of any component of the composite cluster of cardiovascular (CV) death, MI, stroke at 30 Days.; Second Co‐primary efficacy endpoint:; First occurrence of any component of the composite cluster of cardiovascular (CV) death, MI, stroke andrecurrent ischemia at 30 Days.; Safety endpoint:; Major bleeding (i.e. severe bleeding and other major bleeding) at 30 days. Secondary Objective: To evaluate the safety of the clopidogrel high dose regimen compared to the standard dose regimen in terms of major bleeding (i.e. severe bleeding and other major bleeding).To evaluate the safety of the ASA high dose regimen (300‐325 mg) compared to the low dose (75‐100mg) regimen in terms of major bleeding (i.e. severe bleeding and other major bleeding).
Chronic Low Back Pain Research Project; Chronic low back pain (CLBP) is a major health problem for the VA, affecting up to 15% of all veterans. Nationally, its medical and disability costs exceed $50 billion annually. Despite its impact, relatively little research evaluates treatment for CLBP. Wide variation in patterns of care suggests uncertainty over effective therapy. Most chronic back cases are not surgical candidates. The mainstays of medical treatment have been non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), muscle relaxants, opioids, and antidepressants. Non‐steroidal drugs and muscle relaxants are effective for acute but not for chronic back pain. Opioids may provide analgesia but safety limits their use. Tricyclic antidepressants provide modest pain relief, separate from effects on depression. But it is clear additional research is needed to develop more effective pharmacotherapy. One approach favored by many authorities is determining if agents effective for one type of chronic pain syndrome (e.g., diabetic neuropathy) can be generalized to other syndromes, like chronic back pain. Another is to identify effective drug combinations, based on selecting drugs with differing therapeutic mechanisms. This research is a program of rigorous randomized clinical trials testing the efficacy of antidepressants for analgesia in chronic back pain. Because chronic pain is a complex disorder, the program features a multidisciplinary research team, involving specialists in psychiatry, orthopedic surgery, psychology, anesthesiology, clinical pharmacology, and biomathematics. The research has both pragmatic and explanatory aims. Our strategy has been to test antidepressants with differing, and selective properties in an attempt to isolate therapeutic mechanisms. Thus, we began with trials using selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors, and selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), rather than those with dual noradrenergic and serotonergic effects (e.g., amitriptyline, imipramine). To ensure applicability of results, we have used rigorous diagnostic procedures to identify patients with chronic back pain due to degenerative disk disease. To enhance generalizability we recruit primary care patients rather than tertiary pain clinic samples. Patients without major depression are studied to examine analgesia separate from antidepressant effects. Secondary outcomes address function and life quality. In sum, all three studies supported noradrenergic analgesia in CLBP, and the two studies that evaluated SSRIs failed to find analgesia. This suggests noradrenergic activity, perhaps within a therapeutic window, may be primarily responsible for back pain analgesia. These findings have led us away from studies proposing combining noradrenergic and serotonergic agents. An alternative approach which builds on these data, but first employs another class of agents, seems reasonable. This strategy is to assess if gabapentin, a calcium channel blocker agent with demonstrated efficacy in neuropathic pain, can be extended to chronic back pain. We have conducted three controlled trials using identical recruitment and assessment methodology. The first, comparing a noradrenergic antidepressant (nortriptyline) with placebo, indicated that the noradrenergic agent provided clinically relevant analgesia. The second was a head‐to‐head comparison of a selective noradrenergic agent (maprotiline) with a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI, paroxetine). The noradrenergic agent outperformed the SSRI, which was equivalent to placebo. To clarify these results we explored whether efficacy might be evident only at specific drug concentrations. Therefore, the third study, has a prospective concentration design comparing the most potent and selective noradrenergic antidepressant (desipramine) to the standard SSRI, fluoxetine. Subjects were randomized to placebo or predetermined concentration windows reflecting low, medium, and high exposure to study drugs and followed for 12 weeks. Interim analysis suggests that low concentration desipramine outperforms placebo (p<0.05). It is also superior to mid‐concentration and high exposure desipramine‐‐as well as all exposure levels of the SSRI, which are equivalent to placebo. We conducted a double‐blind, randomized assignment, 12‐week, placebo controlled clinical trial of the efficacy of gabapentin. Non‐depressed chronic low back pain patients (N = 130) will be randomized to placebo or high dose gabapentin (3600 mg/day or maximum tolerable dose). Analysis was by intent to treat. The primary efficacy assessment is mean pain intensity (Descriptor Differential Scale, DDS) at exit. Secondary outcomes are function and life quality (Oswestry Disability Index, Short Form‐36, Quality of Well‐Being Scale). Safety evaluation includes rating adverse events (Scandinavian Society of Psychopharmacology Committee on Clinical Investiagations Side Effects Rating Scale, UKU), standardized physical examination, and clinical laboratory testing. Results could provide explanatory insight into mechanisms of back pain, and address the pragmatic clinical need by primary care providers and others for effective therapy.
St. John's wort and the skin-Experimental, pharmaceutical and clinical studies; St. John's wort (Hypericum perforatum L.) is a traditional herbal remedy that is used for the topical treatment of wounds and burns since ancient times. In recent years controlled clinical studies have confirmed St. John's wort to be an effective treatment for mild to moderate depression. St. John's wort contains a variety of secondary plant metabolites. The best known compound is hypericin, a naphtodianthrone with photosensitizing properties. Another typical compound is the phloroglucine derivative hyperforin, that is mainly present in the fruits and flowers. Hyperforin displays antidepressant, antibacterial and immunomodulatory effects. During the last years experimental research has revealed anti‐inflammatory and differentiation‐promoting effects of hyperforin and hyperforin‐rich extracts from St. John's wort. Both hyperforin and hyperforin‐rich St. John's wort extract inhibited T cell proliferation in an allogeneic mixed epidermal cell leucocyte reaction in humans in vivo. Furthermore, it has been shown that hyperforin is a dual inhibitor of cyclooxygenase‐1 and 5‐lipoxygenase in human platelets stimulated with thrombin or calcium ionophore. Hyperforin also dose‐dependently inhibited prostaglandine E2 production in LPS stimulated mouse macrophages. In the croton oil mouse ear test the comparison of different St. John's wort extracts obtained with different solvents revealed that the lipophilic hyperforinrich CO2 extract is the most effective in inhibiting mouse ear edema. In another study, among 21 different phloroglucine derivatives isolated from St. John's wort hyperforin was the most effective to inhibit the oxidative burst of polymorphonuclear cells (IC50 = 1.8μM). Very recently it has been shown that hyperforin dose‐dependently induces calcium influx and upregulates differentiation markers in human keratinocytes. Knock down studies with dominant negative mutants and RNAinterference suggest that these effects are mediated by the non‐selective cation channel TRPC6. Taken together, the anti‐inflammatory and differentiation promoting properties of hyperforin provide a rationale for the use of hyperforin‐rich St. John's wort extracts in the treatment of inflammatory skin disorders. A pilot study at the Department of Dermatology of the University Medical Freiburg revealed good clinical efficacy of a hyperforin‐rich St. John's wort ointment in the treatment of atopic dermatitis. Subsequently, in a randomised placebo‐controlled half‐side comparison St. John's wort ointment was significantly superior to the vehicle in the treatment of atopic dermatitis. In 2002 a skin care product containing a hyperforin‐rich St. John's wort extract was introduced in the market. Several clinical studies have confirmed the efficacy and skin tolerance of this skin care product. St. John's wort ointment was administered in 45 atopic subjects for 4 weeks and was evaluated for clinical efficacy, skin tolerance and cosmetic acceptability. The St. John's wort ointment was significantly superior to the vehicle with respect to skin hydratation, transepidermal water loss and reduction of scaliness. In 20 babies a “home‐in‐use” test over two weeks resulted in a pronounced reduction of skin dryness and scaliness. The skin tolerance of the St. John's wort ointment in the babies was excellent. A facial cream with St. John's wort extract impressively reduced the scaliness of the skin in 10 atopic subjects as evidenced by laser scanning microscopy.
Discontinuing NSAIDs in Veterans With Knee Osteoarthritis; Knee osteoarthritis (OA) is a major cause of disability among Veterans and is the primary indication of knee replacement in the VA. Nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) are the most commonly prescribed medications for knee OA. Though short‐term studies have demonstrated that NSAIDs are more effective than placebo and acetaminophen, there are no long‐term data supporting their use. This is of concern, because long‐term use of NSAIDs is associated with significant morbidity and mortality. Guidelines have been published to improve safe use of NSAIDs; however, adherence to these evidence‐based recommendations is low in the VA. There is therefore an important need to determine if the long‐term use of NSAIDs offers any incremental benefit over safer alternatives. This is especially true for Veterans, a population at high risk for NSAID‐induced toxicity. Cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) is an effective and safe treatment alternative for OA. This modality is becoming increasingly available in the VA for treatment of chronic pain as well as other chronic disorders such as depression, post‐traumatic stress disorder and insomnia. CBT can be successfully administered over the telephone and thus stands to benefit Veterans living in more remote areas with limited access to hospital or community‐based outpatient clinics. In this study, the investigators propose to conduct a 2‐phase randomized withdrawal trial (RWT). The trial will focus on recruiting Veterans with knee OA who have been using NSAIDs for at least 3 months. In the first phase of the study, 544 Veterans with knee OA will be randomized to continue NSAIDs or to placebo for 4 weeks. This double‐blind phase will enable us to infer whether placebo is non‐inferior to continued NSAID use. In the second phase, subjects in the NSAIDs group will continue NSAIDs and those on placebo will stop taking the placebo and participate in a 10‐week CBT program. The second, single‐blind, phase will allow us to infer whether CBT is non‐inferior to NSAIDs. All study data will be collected over the telephone thus enabling Veterans who have difficulty arranging transportation to the VA to participate. The investigators will test for between‐group differences in knee pain measured using the well‐validated Western Ontario and McMaster Universities Osteoarthritis Index (primary outcome) at 4 and 14 weeks. The investigators will also test for between group differences in lower extremity disability, subjects' global impression of change and use of co‐therapies (secondary outcomes). As recommended for non‐inferiority trials, the investigators will perform both an intent to treat and per protocol analysis. Lastly, the investigators will estimate the potential cost‐effectiveness of the CBT protocol compared with continued NSAID use. Though it would be ideal for subjects randomized to the active study drug to continue their current NSAID, having the VA pharmacy formulate multiple different active drugs and maintaining the blind is not possible. Therefore, the investigators will include a 2‐week run‐in period where study subjects will replace their NSAID with meloxicam. Meloxicam was chosen as the study drug because it is the most commonly prescribed at the investigators' center and has a favorable safety profile compared to other NSAIDS. If successful, the trial will improve the quality of care delivered to Veterans with chronic knee pain due to OA. The proposed strategy is particularly appealing because it replaces the widespread use of NSAIDs with a safer alternative, enables delivery of care to Veterans with limited access, and is likely to be cost saving.
Comparing Manipulation, Rehabilitation and Combination of the Two in the Treatment of Knee Osteoarthritis; Patients seek treatment from chiropractors for osteoarthritis (OA) and Knee OA (KOA). Significant KOA impacts 10 % of individuals aged ≥63 particularly with radiographic changes; and by age 65, 80% have these x‐ray changes. KOA may be the largest cause of decreased mobility, function, disability and pain in people aged ≥ 50 in the US. KOA causes 30% > age 60 to experience decreased social activities of daily living, increased cardiovascular risk, increased fall risk and secondary depression. Overall KOA prevalence is 4% in young adults, 85% in those > 75. Beyond great personal suffering ‐ in the US, annual financial costs associated with OA were $60 billion per year in 2000 and, for all OA and rheumatic disease $128 billion in 2003. Estimates in 2005 were 27 million people suffer significantly due to OA and by 2020 in the US and other developed nations > 12 million will suffer serious, and 19 million minor to moderate work or activity related disability from OA and KOA, with the highest prevalence expected in women. Medical care commonly prescribed for KOA is lifestyle accommodation (decreased activity, a cane, high chairs and toilet seats, etc), non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDS), anti‐arthritics, steroids, various and sundry prescription and non‐prescription oral and topical medications and exercise. Randomized controlled trials (RCTS) support exercise for KOA treatment, proven superior to placebo. At least 50% (and periodically up to 90 percent) of KOA patients regularly use NSAIDs. Frequent minor but intermittently serious gastrointestinal and cardiovascular adverse reactions to chronic use of NSAIDS occur, and there is evidence that using exercise/rehabilitation with or without manipulative (MAN) therapy may give safer, similar or equivalent relief. Supported by earlier RCTs, MAN therapy with and without soft tissue and exercise therapy for KOA appears superior to placebo and equal or superior to exercise. Although Chiropractic has conducted and published two RCTs of manipulative therapy for KOA, the profession has not yet conducted an RCT with combined full kinetic chain MAN therapy, soft tissue and rehabilitation versus standard care (rehabilitation or exercise therapy) nor studied optimum dose for various patients. 1). in effect only 1 study of such combined care (MAN therapy, soft tissue and rehabilitation or exercise therapy) exists; 2) more studies of MAN therapy combined with rehabilitation are needed to establish: a). equivalent or b). superior treatment efficacy with full kinetic chain therapy and to c). use 'dose time to response' techniques to study the optimum number of treatments for various patients and (to help determine who will respond and will not respond and why) and d)collect data to develop future cost effective research. Significant morbidity and occasional mortality from NSAID and drug‐related complications and surgery; difficulty in obtaining compliance with prolonged exercise protocols; apparent similar, equivalent or superior outcomes (manipulative therapy with and without, but possibly superior with, combined rehabilitation) in pain relief, mobility and function; the possibility of decreasing falls with their appalling sequela in morbidity, mortality and expense; justifies further research into multimodal manipulative therapy for treatment of KOA. Data suggests such full kinetic chain MAN therapy with rehabilitation may give earlier, effective, less costly outcomes and reflects a common clinical chiropractic approach to KOA. In addition to the knee joint, KOA disability has been demonstrated to be significantly worsened by hip joint dysfunction, for example restricted hip flexion increases KOA pain and dysfunction; and there are similar associations throughout the full kinetic chain for example lumbosacral spine joint dysfunction may increase knee pain and dysfunction. Manipulative therapy applied appropriately to the full, kinetic chain (to the full axial and appendicular skeleton ‐the spine and extremities) combined with rehabilitation may be a superior treatment for knee OA.
Effectiveness and tolerance of tramadol in cancer pain. A comparative study with respect to buprenorphine; Opioid analgesics represent one of the most important tools in a sequential pharmacological approach to oncological pain relief. They are recommended by the WHO when nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) no longer provide adequate analgesia. However, the use of opioids is limited because of their numerous and often severe adverse effects. This aspect of opioids has motivated continuous research projects aimed at discovering drugs that can provide maximum pain relief but with improved tolerability. Tramadol is a new, centrally acting analgesic with a dual mechanism of action. It shows a selective interaction with mu receptors, which are responsible for nociception, and has weak pharmacodynamic activity on other opioid receptors. At the same time, it acts synergistically on neuroamine transmission by inhibiting synaptic noradrenaline (norepinephrine) reuptake and inducing intrasynaptic serotonin (5‐hydroxytryptamine; 5‐HT) release. From a pharmacokinetic standpoint, tramadol offers high bioavailability, with similar patterns after oral or parenteral administration (half‐life 5 to 7 hours, time to peak plasma concentration 3.1 hours, and approximately 20% plasma protein binding). Although the efficacy of tramadol is comparable to that of other drugs with similar modes of action, the incidence of side effects such as constipation and respiratory depression is lower. The frequency of euphoria and dysphoria is negligible, resulting in little risk of abuse or dependence. It therefore seemed appropriate to further investigate the efficacy and tolerability of tramadol, defined as having only weak potency, in comparison with a widely used opioid, in oncological pain. Buprenorphine was selected as an opioid with a potency equivalent to half that of morphine, but with tolerability that is partially limited by the fact that it frequently gives rise to adverse reactions considered typical of stronger opioids. To compare the analgesic effect and tolerability of tramadol and buprenorphine, 60 patients (44 men, 16 women; average age 61.4 years), all presenting with advanced tumours, were treated orally in a controlled crossover trial with randomised sequences. Patients took both drugs, each for a week, with a 24‐hour washout period between treatments. Tramadol was prescribed at the daily dose of 300mg, orally, and buprenorphine at 0.6 mg/day, as a sublingual preparation. Assessments were made of Karnofsky performance status and severity of pain before and during the 4 hours after taking the 2 drugs. Each patient also completed a daily diary recording the severity of pain 1 hour after the dose, the evolution of pain during the day and its severity compared with that on the previous day. They also assessed the duration and quality of sleep. The Karnofsky index changed little with either treatment, but all other variables showed worthwhile improvement, indicating the significant analgesic effect of both drugs. Buprenorphine and tramadol had a similar analgesic effect, although the improvement with the test drug was significant within 1 hour of administration (p < 0.05 compared with baseline) and more marked (p < 0.05 on day 2 compared with buprenorpine). At the end of tramadol treatment, sleep had also improved, both quantitatively and qualitatively (both p < 0.05). The final assessment was significantly in favour of tramadol as regards efficacy (p < 0.05) and patient acceptability (p < 0.01). Thus, tramadol was better tolerated than buprenorphine, and caused fewer and milder adverse reactions. Only 1 patient discontinued tramadol, compared with 18 using reference therapy. Tramadol, although theoretically less potent, nevertheless brought about as much pain relief as the comparator opioid. In conclusion, for this class of drug, tramadol provides an excellent balance between efficacy and tolerability, confirming preliminary studies.
Paroxetine-CR (Paxil-CR) in the Treatment of Patients With Fibromyalgia Syndrome; Introduction Despite the skepticism of some physicians over the very existence of a condition called Fibromyalgia syndrome (FMS), most agree that this is a common condition seen in pain clinics. The syndrome is characterized by widespread pain (1) persistent fatigue (2), and non restorative sleep (3), and generalized morning stiffness (4). Other syndromes are also frequently seen and include headaches, TMJ, irritable bowel syndrome, depression, anxiety, paresthesias and memory loss. FMS may be primary or secondary to other disease states. Conditions like hypothyroidism may mimic FMS. The prevalence of depression is about 30‐35% (1). FMS affects more women than men (20:1) and the prevalence increases with age so that about 7% of women over 70 years of age are affected compared to the prevalence rate of about 2% in the general population. The diagnosis is based on patients complaints of pain and a clinical examination of multiple tender points (11/18) as defined by the ACR criteria for FMS (8) or (11 or less) per Copenhagen declaration. There is no specific laboratory test for FMS. The causes are unknown, but many investigators believe that FMS encompasses a spectrum of diseases with a common pathogenic pathway. Links between FMS and non‐restorative deep sleep has been reported (2). Other changes frequently seen in FMS patients include elevated interleukin‐2 (3), low levels of serum serotonin and its precursor tryptophan (4) and elevated substance ‐P levels (5). There has been increasing interest in the effect of serotonin on pain in recent years. Serum serotonin levels have been shown to be significantly lower in fibromyalgia patients than in those without fibromyalgia (6). Evidence is available to suggest that administration of the serotonin precursor tryptophan improves pain symptoms in a variety of patient cohorts. (7) Treatment is generally multidisciplinary with an emphasis on active patient participation, cognitive behavioral therapy, physical modalities and medications. (9). A review of the literature reveals that there is no consensus for the pharmacological treatment for FMS. A rational polypharmacy is advocated with medications used to improve pain, sleep, fatigue and other associated symptoms. (10) Oral agents utilized for symptomatic relief include acetaminophen, non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory medications, and steroids. Each is associated with potentially serious medical sequelae with chronic use, and results have been disappointing. Cyclobenzaprine (flexeril) has shown efficacy for FMS though common side effects, such as dry mouth and drowsiness, can limit its use. (11) Benzodiazepines and opiates, which are also utilized for FMS are potentially addictive. Modafinil (Provigil) has been used to treat the fatigue associated with FMS (12). Case reports have indicated the usefulness of atypical antipsychotics like olanzapine for the treatment of FMS symptoms (13). No one medication has been found to control all the symptoms of FMS and the goal of therapy is to improve pain, function and quality of life by combining the least amount of medications. There have been 21 controlled trials involving antidepressants, most involving tricyclic antidepressants. A recent meta analysis revealed that compared to placebo, the effect sizes for tricyclic antidepressants were substantially larger than zero for all measurements (14). Two randomized placebo controlled trials have examined the SSRI fluoxetine (20 mg per day for 6 weeks) (15,16) and two have examined the SSRI citalopram (20‐40 mg per day for 8 weeks) (17, 18) in the treatment of FMS. These studies had equivocal results; but the trials were limited by a high dropout rate in the placebo group, a brief trial duration and small sample sizes. Study Design: Randomized, double blind, parallel group, flexible dose, placebo controlled 12‐week study. In a more recent study, Wetherhold et al, examined 82 women with fibromyalgia, randomized to receive either paroxetine (20 mg/day), nabumetone (2000 mg/day) or a combination of paroxetine (20 mg/day) and nabumetone (2000 mg/day). Patient received each treatment regimen for a period of 8 weeks. The study demonstrated that the combination regimen was superior to nabumetone alone, but not to paroxetine alone, in improving the signs and symptoms of fibromyalgia ‐ suggesting that paroxetine was responsible for the improvement in the combined regimen (19). Thus, a non‐addictive oral agent, with dual action (NE and 5 HT reuptake blockade) and a relatively benign side effect profile such as paroxetine (Paxil), has the potential to be a significant addition to the treatment of FMS. Moreover, paroxetine's side effect profile is favorable to tricyclic antidepressants and therefore would likely be a preferable treatment option if effective. A recent extended release preparation of paroxetine (Paxil CR) is prudentially absorbed in the intestine rather than the stomach and is reported to have a more favorable GI side effect profile and may be particularly suitable for the study. The agent could be used alone or adjunctively to decrease the patient's requirement for other analgesic medications. This study proposes to study Paxil CR, a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor, to treat FMS with particular emphasis on its effect on the full constellation of symptoms associated with this disorder and quality of life improvement in this patient population. In our experience physicians from multiple specialties (family medicine/neurology/physiatry/rheumatology/pain medicine/psychiatry) are increasingly discussing anecdotal reports of the efficacy of SSRIs in treating FMS symptoms. This study protocol is intended to evaluate the efficacy of this practice. It is our hypothesis that paroxetine will be shown to be an effective addition to the treatment as defined below. Subject number: One hundred and twenty five. Study Schedule: (see attached schedule of evaluations) Patients will be screened for eligibility based on a confirmed diagnosis of FMS (per report of rheumatologist or treating specialist). Only those meeting eligibility criteria (inclusion/exclusion criteria) will be permitted to give informed consent to enter the study. Psychological assessments will be performed using standardized questionnaires at screening, baseline and defined time points in the study as described in the schedule of evaluations. After a blood draw for routine labs to exclude other potential treatable conditions, and pregnancy test (for women), urine testing for illicit drugs and EKG, the participants will enter a one‐ week placebo lead‐in period; those that show a less than 25% reduction on FIQ will enter the randomization phase. The routine labs will include the CBC with differential, SMA‐7, liver function tests, thyroid panel, Anti Nuclear antibody (ANA), Rheumatoid factor (Rh factor), Anti Polymerase Antibody (APA), C‐Reactive protein and Erythrocyte Sedimentation Rate (ESR). Patients will be instructed to swallow the tablets whole and not to crush or chew them via labels on the medication bottles. Eligible study participants will be randomized to either paroxetine or placebo (60 patients in each arm). Those in the active treatment group will receive doses of Paxil CR in the following manner: week 1: 12.5 mg per day, week 2: 25 mg per day, week 3: 37.5 mg per day, wk 4: 50 mg per day and week 5: 62.5 mg per day. Patients who do not tolerate higher doses will be maintained on the minimum tolerated dose. The placebo arm will be treated identically except for the content of the capsules. The total duration of active treatment will be 12 weeks. Patients will be seen weekly for the first 4 weeks and biweekly thereafter. After the final visit, the study medication will be tapered over 2 weeks. Unblinding procedures in case of emergency: A list of patient randomization numbers and corresponding treatments will be available with local Pharmacy. In case of emergency local pharmacy can be called (24 hours) to reveal the study assignment of the patients. Once blind is broken, the patient will be immediately discontinued from the study but will be evaluated and treated as warranted by their clinical condition.
A randomised controlled trial in the palliative setting regarding off-label medication: investigating the efficiency of amitriptyline versus pregabalin from a societal perspective; INTERVENTION: When a patient agrees to take part in the study and has given informed consent, he will be allocated randomly to one of the two treatment groups. Each drug will be dosed in a step up titration procedure. Patients will be followed during 8 weeks. Arm 1: amitriptyline will be prescribed in a step‐up procedure. Starting dose 25 mg before the night, if not effective enough (less than 2 points improvement on a NRS compared to the previous titration or NRS>3) and acceptable or no side‐effects, step up every 48 hours (till a maximum of 75 mg). Arm 2: pregabalin will be prescribed, also in a step‐up procedure. Starting dose 2 dd 75 mg, if not effective enough (less than 2 points improvement on a NRS compared to the previous titration or NRS>3) and acceptable or no side effects, step up every 48 hours until a maximum dose of 2 dd 300 mg. If the prescribed drug does not have the desierd effect: ‐ too less pain reduction on maximum daily dose: add drug of other arm in step up procedure as described in protocol; ‐ major side‐effects (meaning that the patient wants to stop the drug as a result of the side‐effects): stop drug that causes side‐effects and start drug of other arm in step up procedure as described above. Additional drugs (e.g. PCM, opioids, NSAID, benzodiazepines) that the patient already used or needs to start during the study period are allowed, except for other TADs and AEDs. Palliative chemotherapy and radiotherapy are also allowed. All medication will be recorded, including daily dose and route of administration. All drug us is recorded. CONDITION: neuropathische pijn ; neuropathic pain PRIMARY OUTCOME: Mean current pain intensity self‐rated by the patients with a 11‐scale NRS ; ranged from no pain at all to the worst pain ever experienced, measured one ; time a day with the help of a pain diary. NRS ratings have been shown to be ; valid and reliable for measuring pain intensity.; INCLUSION CRITERIA: All patients, belonging to the above mentioned target group, that have a rating of 4 or higher on a NRS Recently diagnosed 18+ SECONDARY OUTCOME: ‐ Costs (of medication and health care consumption) ; ‐ Sort of pain and intensity (McGill Pain Questionnaire) ; ‐ Mean number of episodes with breakthrough pain or pain attacks (pain diary) ; ‐ Number of patients for whom the drug of first choice is not effective enough ; and therefere are given a prescription of the drug of the other arm (add‐on) ; ‐ Number of patients that stop to take the drug of first choice as a ; consequence of side‐effects (switching, ADR) ; ‐ Side‐effects (EORTC QLQC30 ; ‐ Number of different drugs prescribed for pain relief (using prescribed daily ; dose methodology, ATC/PDD) ; ‐ Patient Global Impression of Change (PGIc) ; ‐ Clinical Global Impression of Change (CGIC) ; ‐ Presence of depression (BDI‐PC) ; ‐ Quality of Life (EORTC QLQC30; EQ‐5D) ; ‐ Costs (of all medications, consultations, home care, hospital care) ;
Effectiveness and tolerance of tramadol in cancer pain. A comparative study with respect to buprenorphine; Opioid analgesics represent one of the most important tools in a sequential pharmacological approach to oncological pain relief. They are recommended by the WHO when nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) no longer provide adequate analgesia. However, the use of opioids is limited because of their numerous and often severe adverse effects. This aspect of opioids has motivated continuous research projects aimed at discovering drugs that can provide maximum pain relief but with improved tolerability. Tramadol is a new, centrally acting analgesic with a dual mechanism of action. It shows a selective interaction with mu receptors, which are responsible for nociception, and has weak pharmacodynamic activity on other opioid receptors. At the same time, it acts synergistically on neuroamine transmission by inhibiting synaptic noradrenaline (norepinephrine) reuptake and inducing intrasynaptic serotonin (5‐hydroxytryptamine; 5‐HT) release. From a pharmacokinetic standpoint, tramadol offers high bioavailability, with similar patterns after oral or parenteral administration (half‐life 5 to 7 hours, time to peak plasma concentration 3.1 hours, and approximately 20% plasma protein binding). Although the efficacy of tramadol is comparable to that of other drugs with similar modes of action, the incidence of side effects such as constipation and respiratory depression is lower. The frequency of euphoria and dysphoria is negligible, resulting in little risk of abuse or dependence. It therefore seemed appropriate to further investigate the efficacy and tolerability of tramadol, defined as having only weak potency, in comparison with a widely used opioid, in oncological pain. Buprenorphine was selected as an opioid with a potency equivalent to half that of morphine, but with tolerability that is partially limited by the fact that it frequently gives rise to adverse reactions considered typical of stronger opioids. To compare the analgesic effect and tolerability of tramadol and buprenorphine, 60 patients (44 men, 16 women; average age 61.4 years), all presenting with advanced tumours, were treated orally in a controlled crossover trial with randomised sequences. Patients took both drugs, each for a week, with a 24‐hour washout period between treatments. Tramadol was prescribed at the daily dose of 300mg, orally, and buprenorphine at 0.6 mg/day, as a sublingual preparation. Assessments were made of Karnofsky performance status and severity of pain before and during the 4 hours after taking the 2 drugs. Each patient also completed a daily diary recording the severity of pain 1 hour after the dose, the evolution of pain during the day and its severity compared with that on the previous day. They also assessed the duration and quality of sleep. The Karnofsky index changed little with either treatment, but all other variables showed worthwhile improvement, indicating the significant analgesic effect of both drugs. Buprenorphine and tramadol had a similar analgesic effect, although the improvement with the test drug was significant within 1 hour of administration (p < 0.05 compared with baseline) and more marked (p < 0.05 on day 2 compared with buprenorpine). At the end of tramadol treatment, sleep had also improved, both quantitatively and qualitatively (both p < 0.05). The final assessment was significantly in favour of tramadol as regards efficacy (p < 0.05) and patient acceptability (p < 0.01). Thus, tramadol was better tolerated than buprenorphine, and caused fewer and milder adverse reactions. Only 1 patient discontinued tramadol, compared with 18 using reference therapy. Tramadol, although theoretically less potent, nevertheless brought about as much pain relief as the comparator opioid. In conclusion, for this class of drug, tramadol provides an excellent balance between efficacy and tolerability, confirming preliminary studies.
Effect of gluten diet in Irrtable Bowel Syndrome; INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: The gluten group is given a packet containing gluten meal (free of fermentable oligo di‐monosaccharides and polyols and proteins including 2.3% non‐gluten, 45% gluten , 52% gliadin and 27.7 gr glucose ) .Patients consume powder for 6 weeks, while both groups continue gluten‐free diet. Packages containing 2 pack of 50 grams powder which should be poured in a cup containing 150 ml of warm water , then stirring the emulsion immediately and consumed with breakfast and dinner . Intervention 2: The placebo group is given packets containing powder of gluten‐free foods (plain flour, corn starch and glucose). Patients consume powder for 6 weeks, while both groups continue gluten‐free diet. Packages containing 2 pack of 50 grams powder which should be poured in a cup containing 150 ml of warm water , then stirring the emulsion immediately and consumed with breakfast and dinner . Placebo The gluten group is given a packet containing gluten meal (free of fermentable oligo di‐monosaccharides and polyols and proteins including 2.3% non‐gluten, 45% gluten , 52% gliadin and 27.7 gr glucose ) .Patients consume powder for 6 weeks, while both groups continue gluten‐free diet. Packages containing 2 pack of 50 grams powder which should be poured in a cup containing 150 ml of warm water , then stirring the emulsion immediately and consumed with breakfast and dinner . The placebo group is given packets containing powder of gluten‐free foods (plain flour, corn starch and glucose). Patients consume powder for 6 weeks, while both groups continue gluten‐free diet. Packages containing 2 pack of 50 grams powder which should be poured in a cup containing 150 ml of warm water , then stirring the emulsion immediately and consumed with breakfast and dinner . Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Irritable Bowel Syndrome with Diarrhea Irritable Bowel Syndrome. ; Irritable Bowel Syndrome with Diarrhea PRIMARY OUTCOME: Abdominal pain. Timepoint: Before intervention, at the end of the first week till 6th week. Method of measurement: VAS. Defecation satisfaction. Timepoint: Before intervention, at the end of the first week till 6th week. Method of measurement: VAS. Feeling gas in stomach. Timepoint: BeforE intervention, at the end of the first week till 6th week. Method of measurement: VAS. Nausea. Timepoint: Before intervention, at the end of the first week till 6th week. Method of measurement: VAS. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Fatigue. Timepoint: Before intervention and at the end of 6th week. Method of measurement: VAS. INCLUSION CRITERIA: The study population consist of having IBS based on Rome III diagnostic criteria . Inclusion criteria for the study subjects are: IBS according to Rome III diagnostic criteria of having; age more than 16 years; with informed consent regarding participation in the research project. Exclusion criteria include patients who do not consent to participate in the study; symptoms of gluten‐free diet in the first phase of the study; serum Anti TTG positive test; Celiac disease; Pathologic positive CD (Marsh greater than zero) that in patient who (because of positive tests for each of the HLA‐DQ2, HLA‐DQ8; anti Gliadin Ab (IgG), (IgA) anti Gliadin Ab) underwent endoscopic duodenal biopsy specimens is taken; inflammatory bowel disease; Depression; diabetes; alcohol abuse; none steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs; abnormal levels of glucose; urea; creatinine; sodium; potassium; hemoglobin; ESR and thyroid functional tests.
The Effectiveness of Gabapentin for Post-operative Pain Following Cesarean Section; Post‐operative pain is the greatest fear of women who undergo Cesarean section, and despite current analgesic regimens, this pain can be severe, impeding the mother's recovery and her ability to bond with and breastfeed her new infant. Opioids are the mainstay of treatment currently, and, although effective, these drugs have significant adverse effects, including sedation, nausea, vomiting and constipation. Non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) can reduce opioid consumption, but also have side effects, and are contra‐indicated in a significant number of patients. Therefore there remains considerable scope to improve post‐Cesarean analgesia. It has been shown that severe acute post‐operative pain after Cesarean section increases the risk of developing chronic pain and post‐partum depression. A recent study showed that up to 18% of women have persistent pain after Cesarean section, and that severe acute post‐operative pain is a significant risk factor. Gabapentin is used widely to treat chronic pain, and has been demonstrated to be effective at treating acute post‐operative pain following a variety of surgical procedures, with significant reductions in opioid consumption. Side effects are uncommon; the most likely are dizziness and sedation. Gabapentin does cross the placenta and into breast milk, but there is no evidence of adverse maternal or neonatal effects in women taking gabapentin during pregnancy. Gabapentin has been used successfully to treat pain in neonates. A recent study at Mount Sinai Hospital compared a single pre‐operative dose of 600mg gabapentin versus placebo in women undergoing Cesarean section. Women in the gabapentin group reported significantly improved pain scores on movement up to 48 hours after surgery. Side effects were similar in both groups apart from an increase in somnolence in the gabapentin group. The objective of this study is to compare the efficacy of a single pre‐operative oral dose of gabapentin 300mg, versus 600mg and placebo in women undergoing Cesarean section. Our hypothesis is that gabapentin 300mg will result in decreased pain scores similar to gabapentin 600mg, but with reduced side effects. We have designed a randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled study which will aim to answer these questions. Aside from the administration of gabapentin one hour prior to surgery, there are no other changes to the standard protocol of anaesthetic care. Women will be followed up for 48 hours after surgery for assessment of pain scores and overall satisfaction. A further follow‐up at three months will determine the incidence of chronic pain. Few studies have examined the incidence of chronic pain following Cesarean section, and none have examined the impact of pre‐emptive analgesia using gabapentin on the incidence of chronic pain following Cesarean section. As the rate of Cesarean section continues to increase, and there remain significant problems with current analgesic regimens, the use of gabapentin, a drug with proven effectiveness in post‐surgical pain and with limited side effects, has the potential to considerably improve acute and chronic post‐Cesarean pain, and lead to a widespread change in clinical practice.
Efficacy and tolerability of tramadol in neoplastic pain: a comparative study with buprenorphine; Opioid analgesics represent one of the most important tools in a sequential pharmacological approach to oncological pain relief. They are recommended by the WHO when nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) no longer provide adequate analgesia. However, use of opioids is limited because of their numerous and often severe adverse effects. This aspect of opioids has motivated continuous research projects aimed at discovering drugs that can provide maximum pain relief but with improved tolerability. Tramadol is a new, centrally acting analgesic with a dual mechanism of action. It shows a selective interaction with micro receptors, which are responsible for nociception, and has weak pharmacodynamic activity on other opioid receptors. At the same time, it acts synergistically on neuroamine transmission by inhibiting synaptic noradrenaline (norepinephrine) reuptake and inducing intrasynaptic serotonin (5‐hydroxytryptamine; 5‐HT) release. From a pharmacokinetic standpoint, tramadol offers high bioavailability, with similar patterns after oral or parenteral administration (half‐life 5 to 7 hours, time to peak plasma concentration 3.1 hours, and approximately 20% plasma protein binding). Although the efficacy of tramadol is comparable to that of other drugs with similar modes of action, the incidence of side effects such as constipation and respiratory depression is lower. The frequency of euphoria and dysphoria is negligible, resulting in little risk of abuse or dependence. It therefore seemed appropriate to further investigate the efficacy and tolerability of tramadol, defined as having only weak potency, in comparison with a widely used opioid, in oncological pain. Buprenorphine was selected as an opioid with a potency equivalent to half that of morphine, but with tolerability that is partially limited by the fact that it frequently gives rise to adverse reactions considered typical of stronger opioids. To compare the analgesic effect and tolerability of tramadol and buprenorphine, 60 patients (44 men, 16 women; average age 61.4 years), all presenting with advanced tumours, were treated orally in a controlled crossover trial with randomised sequences. Patients took both drugs, each for a week, with a 24‐hour washout period between treatments. Tramadol was prescribed at the daily dose of 300 mg, orally, and buprenorphine at 0.6 mg/day, as a sublingual preparation. Assessments were made of Karnofsky performance status and severity of pain before and during the 4 hours after taking the 2 drugs. Each patient also completed a daily diary recording the severity of pain 1 hour after the dose, the evolution of pain during the day and its severity compared with that on the previous day. They also assessed the duration and quality of sleep. The Karnofsky index changed little with either treatment, but all other variables showed worthwhile improvement, indicating the significant analgesic effect of both drugs. Buprenorphine and tramadol had a similar analgesic effect, although the improvement with the test drug was significant within 1 hour of administration (p < 0.05 compared with baseline) and more marked (p < 0.05 on day 2 compared with buprenorpine). At the end of tramadol treatment, sleep had also improved, both quantitatively and qualitatively (both p < 0.05). The final assessment was significantly in favour of tramadol as regards efficacy (p < 0.05) and patient acceptability (p < 0.01). Thus, tramadol was better tolerated than buprenorphine, and caused fewer and milder adverse reactions. Only 1 patient discontinued tramadol, compared with 18 using reference therapy. Tramadol, although theoretically less potent, nevertheless brought about as much pain relief as the comparator opioid. In conclusion, for this class of drug, tramadol provides an excellent balance between efficacy and tolerability, confirming preliminary studies.
The effect of using copper heelers in alleviating joint and musculoskeletal aches and pains; INTERVENTION: Randomisation between the copper heeler and placebo heeler will be carried out by the research nurse, by use of a concealed envelope system which will be co‐ordinated and recorded by the chief investigator. Patients will be provided with written instructions and training on how to use, care for and dispose of the device. Patients will be required to attend the rheumatology clinic on 6 occasions. Actual usage of the device will be for a period of 12 weeks to collect the study data. Initial assessment will include demographic data, diagnosis, arthritic symptoms and painful sites affected. Details of medication, in particular painkillers, anti‐inflammatories and exact dose of these will also be recorded. A baseline visual analogue scale will be used to benchmark their current status along with a simple patient questionnaire to ask patients whether they have had any changes in their symptoms and daily activities, and the device's general usability. Following assessments will consist of a visual analogue scale to assess any change in arthritic symptoms. The frequency and the dose of painkillers and/or the anti‐inflammatories will be recorded. At various timepoints another patient questionnaire will be completed to assess any change in symptoms, daily activities and usage. The total duration of the intervention is 12 weeks. CONDITION: Rheumatology ; Musculoskeletal Diseases ; Other rheumatoid arthritis PRIMARY OUTCOME: 1. Beneficial effects will be judged by a minimum of 20% or more improvement in arthritic symptoms and/or 20% or more in reduction of frequency and dose of painkillers and/or anti‐inflammatory medication, as judged by visual analogue scale (VAS) score; 2. Reduction of pain and stiffness in a joint, as judged by ; 2.1. Activity score (e.g., comfort of walking); 2.2. Hospital anxiety depression scale (HADS); 2.3. Health assessment questionnaire (HAQ) scores; Outcomes will be assessed at baseline and completion of 100 and 200 participants. SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1. Time taken from 1st usage of the device to it giving some relief of symptoms; 2. Dosage of medications taken from 1st use of the device to last study visit; 3. Frequency of medications taken from 1st use of the device to last study visit; 4. Change in day‐to‐day activities; Outcomes will be assessed at baseline and completion of 100 and 200 participants. INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Adult males and females, age 16 to 80 years 2. On stable medication (painkillers and anti‐inflammatories) without any change for a period of 4 weeks pre‐entry (no new drugs have been introduced within that time period and there has been no significant change in pattern of analgesia usage within the current drug regime) 3. Joint and musculoskeletal aches and pains can be present in any part of the body, not just lower limbs 4. Attendees of a rheumatology clinic with confirmed clinical diagnosis of arthritis, inflammatory arthritis i.e. rheumatoid arthritis provided that no steroids in the form of joint injections, oral steroids or intra muscular (IM) depomedrone have been used for three months pre‐trial and are unlikely to be required for the period of the trial 5. On stable disease modifying anti‐rheumatic drugs without any change or addition for three months pre‐trial 6. Osteoarthritis 7. Mental ability to follow instructions as judged by inves
A pragmatic randomised controlled trial of hydrotherapy and land exercises on global well-being in patients with rheumatoid arthritis (RA); INTERVENTION: Men and women aged 18 years or older with RA (meeting American College of Rheumatology criteria) attending the Rheumatology out‐patient department will be invited to participate. Many patients with RA may have previously received physiotherapy or hydrotherapy treatment. To reduce carry over effects, those having either physiotherapy or hydrotherapy, for any reason, in the previous 6 months will be excluded. Patients attending the Rheumatology out‐patient department with rheumatoid arthritis will be provided with a patient information leaflet (providing information about the study) and invited to complete a short screening questionnaire. Patients will be asked to express their interest in participating in the study at the end of the screening questionnaire. Patients will be asked to return this completed form to the Selly Oak Hospital Physiotherapy Department in the stamped addressed envelope provided. Patients interested in participating will then be asked to attend for physiotherapy assessment. The physiotherapist will carry out a full physical assessment and apply inclusion and exclusion criteria. Patients not interested in the study, or who do not meet criteria, will he offered physiotherapy in the usual way as judged appropriate by the assessing physiotherapist. Those who are uncertain will be given an opportunity to discuss the study and will then be included if they meet the criteria and wish to be involved. Suitable patients will be asked for informed consent in writing and given a signed copy for their records. Staff in the department of physiotherapy will make all initial assessments. However treatments in the study will be managed by one of two senior physiotherapists. These staff will make equal contributions to land exercises and hydrotherapy. Interventions The interventions have been designed to compare the effects of water immersion with exercise with land exercise. In all cases, patients will be treated once a week for 6 successive weeks. Each s CONDITION: Musculoskeletal Diseases: Rheumatoid arthritis (RA) ; Musculoskeletal Diseases ; Rheumatoid arthritis (RA) PRIMARY OUTCOME: A research assistant blind to treatment allocation will collect initial and final outcome measurements. ; Primary Outcome measure: the proposed primary outcome measures change in self‐rated global impression, a validated measure of treatment effect. This measure has previously been used in clinical trials of exercise in fibromyalgia and chronic fatigue syndrome. Effect of treatment is measured as change on a 7‐point scale ranging from 1 (very much worse) to 7 (very much better). Participants scoring 6 or 7 will be regarded as responders and others as non‐responders. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary outcome measures will include: ; ‐ Pain measured on a 10 cm visual analogue scale; ‐ Physical function based on the health assessment questionnaire (HAQ score), 10 metre walk speed and quality of life measured by the first part of the Euroqol EQ‐SD questionnaire that records problems in five domains (mobility, self‐care, usual activities, pain/discomfort and anxiety/depression).; ; Tertiary outcomes:; We propose to compare cost‐effectiveness of hydrotherapy and land exercises by using data from secondary outcome measures collected, particularly utility scores calculated from EQ‐SD and nationally available sources on the cost of health services. INCLUSION CRITERIA: a. Invitation ‐ potential volunteers will be invited to participate when they attend their Rheumatology out‐patient appointment sessions. They will be provided with a "Patient Information Leaflet" and a short screening Questionnaire with a section to state their interest in participation b. Consent ‐ Informed consent for participation in the study will be sought from all volunteers and consent forms will be completed. A copy of this form will be retained by each patient. c. Patient Selection: INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Ability to understand the purpose of the study, give informed consent in writing and follow simple instructions 2. Age >18 years 3. Stable disease modifying drugs for 6 weeks before study entry 4. No injected steroids 4 weeks prior to study entry 5. Stable non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs for 2 weeks before entry 6. No surgery 3 months preceding study or planned surgery within 3 months of entry 7. Functional cla
Effect of Brewers yeast on blood glucose level and blood pressure in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus; INTERVENTION: control group: receiving placebo tablet (two 300mg tablets three times daily, total 1800 mg) for 12 weeks Intervention 1: Intervention group: receiving brewer's yeast tablet (two 300mg tablets three times daily, total 1800 mg) for 12 weeks. Intervention 2: control group: receiving placebo tablet (two 300mg tablets three times daily, total 1800 mg) for 12 weeks. Intervention group: receiving brewer's yeast tablet (two 300mg tablets three times daily, total 1800 mg) for 12 weeks Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus. ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Diastolic blood pressure. Timepoint: Baseline, After 12 weeks. Method of measurement: Mercury sphygmomanometer. Fasting Blood Sugar. Timepoint: Baseline, After 12 weeks. Method of measurement: Blood Analysis: GOD / PAP method. Glycosylated hemoglobin. Timepoint: Baseline, After 12 weeks. Method of measurement: Blood Analysis: boronate affinity assay. HOMA‐IR (homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance). Timepoint: Baseline, After 12 weeks. Method of measurement: computed as fasting plasma glucose (mmol/L) × fasting serum insulin (mU/L) / 22.5. QUICKI ( quantitative insulin sensitivity check index ). Timepoint: Baseline, After 12 weeks. Method of measurement: calculated as 1/ [log insulin (µIU/ml) + log glucose (mg/dl) ]. Systolic Blood pressure. Timepoint: Baseline, After 12 weeks. Method of measurement: Mercury sphygmomanometer. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Body Mass Index (BMI). Timepoint: Baseline, After 12 weeks. Method of measurement: Calculate. Height. Timepoint: Baseline. Method of measurement: stadiometer (seca 206). High Density Lipoprotein (HDL‐c). Timepoint: Baseline, After 12 weeks. Method of measurement: Blood Analysis: Enzymatic method. Low Density Lipoprotein (LDL‐c). Timepoint: Baseline, After 12 weeks. Method of measurement: Blood Analysis: Enzymatic method. Three days food intakes. Timepoint: Baseline, After 12 weeks. Method of measurement: 24‐hour food recall. Total cholesterol. Timepoint: Baseline, After 12 weeks. Method of measurement: Blood Analysis: colorimetric method. Triglyceride. Timepoint: Baseline, After 12 weeks. Method of measurement: Blood Analysis: colorimetric method. Weight. Timepoint: Baseline, After 12 weeks. Method of measurement: Digital scale (seca762). INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: History of at least 2 years clinically diagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus; taking oral hypoglycemic drugs ; Fasting blood glucose at least more than 125 mg/dl; Not consuming brewers yeast during the last 3 months; Aged 35‐55 years; Signing the informed consent form (attached). Exclusion criteria: History of hepatitis, cardiovascular, renal and Parkinson's diseases, gout and depression disorder, A record of angina pectoris, myocardial and cerebral infarction during the last year; History of infectious disease or common cold during the last 4 weeks; Regular consumption of anti‐inflammatory drugs (steroid or non‐steroid) or monoamine oxidase inhibitors; Insulin therapy; Consumption of brewers yeast or placebo less than 12 weeks; Any side effects due to supplementation; Change in diet or hypoglycemic drugs; Unwilling to continue taking supplementation.
Acupuncture in the Treatment of Gulf War Illness; Gulf War Illness (GWI) is a complex, poorly understood illness characterized by many symptoms, including fatigue after exertion, sleep and mood problems, difficulty concentrating, difficulty thinking and finding words, and musculoskeletal pain. Individuals often present with many symptoms, some of them severe and disabling, and with additional medical diagnoses, including chronic fatigue syndrome, fibromyalgia, irritable bowel syndrome, digestive complaints, and mood‐related psychiatric disorders, such as depression, posttraumatic stress disorder, and other anxiety disorders. More than 100,000 veterans of the first Gulf War (Operation Desert Shield/Storm, 1990‐1991) out of 700,000 US service personnel deployed to the Persian Gulf have presented with medical complaints through programs established to address the problem, which came to be called chronic multisymptom illness (CMI). Groups of veterans in the United Kingdom, Canada, and Australia have been identified with similar problems. The veterans have received treatment directed at their symptoms, but at 5‐ and 10‐year follow‐ups, many reported their symptoms remained, some of them severe and disabling. Clearly, an effective treatment for these conditions would be of great benefit to those who were injured during their military service. The cause of CMI is unknown, and the symptoms can not be explained by physical and laboratory examinations. Several factors have been considered, including exposure to vaccines, chemicals likely to be encountered in combat (chemical weapons, smoke, pesticides) and stress related to military service, deployment, and combat. After investigation by the Centers for Disease Control (CDC), researchers suspect that the symptoms reflect a range of injuries to the nervous system. It may be that the factors that led to these injuries were not specific to the Persian Gulf region, and that veterans of the current war in Iraq and Afghanistan, as well as active duty personnel, are exposed to similar stressors and will benefit from an investigation of CMI and its treatment. The goal of this study is to help identify whether acupuncture is an effective treatment for Gulf War Syndrome. Acupuncture is likely to be helpful in treating GWI because it has already been used successfully to reduce many of its key symptoms ‐ fatigue, irritability, anxiety, insomnia, and pain. Acupuncture treatment is designed to treat each individual's symptoms making it very well suited for treating the varied symptoms of GWI. Veterans will receive care that is directed specifically at their most distressing symptom. Although the specific etiology of CMI is unknown, acupuncture's analgesic and anti‐inflammatory effects are likely to be helpful. Acupuncture seems to work, in part, on peripheral nerves near the site of injury, in the brain, central nervous system, and on the endocrine system, in ways that promote the body's own efforts to reduce pain and heal even chronic injuries. Numerous studies have shown acupuncture is well tolerated by patients, safe, and cost‐effective compared to routine care. Acupuncture will be provided by licensed acupuncturists with at least 5 years of clinical experience, who have received 20‐hours of training related to symptoms of GWI. Subjects were recruited via local advertisements and direct mailing to veterans on the Defense Manpower Data Center (http://www.virec.research.va.gov/Non‐VADataSources/DMDC.htm). Through questionnaires, physician assessment, and medical histories, the investigators measured the severity of symptoms before beginning treatment, and after 2, 4 and 6 months of treatment. One group of patients received acupuncture evaluation and treatment twice per week for 6 months. A second group, for comparison purposes, will be monitored on a wait list for 2 months, and will then be offered weekly acupuncture for 4 months. Based on previous acupuncture research on fatigue, stress, and pain, the investigators expect this length of treatment will be enough for patients to receive significant benefit. The investigators also planed to collect samples of blood from our volunteers that will help identify possible disease mechanisms for the illness and track the effects of treatment.
Labetalol and Esmolol: vital Signs and Post Operative Pain Management; Finding the optimal combination of anesthetic adjuvant drugs for maintaining hemodynamic stability during surgery is a challenge (1‐3). Traditionally, potent opioid analgesics like fentanyl and its newer analogs have been used for this purpose. However, use of opioid compounds is associated with well‐known side effects (e.g., ventilatory depression, postoperative nausea and vomiting, constipation, ileus, bladder dysfunction, urinary retention, pruritus, drowsiness and sedation). All of these common side effects interfere with the early recovery process and contribute to a delayed resumption of normal activities (4, 5). Increasingly, non‐opioid analgesics (e.g. β‐blockers and local anesthetics) are being utilized as adjuvant drugs during surgery for treatment of acute hyperdynamic responses (increased catecholamine release) during surgery, as well as, facilitation of the recovery process after surgery because of their anesthetic and analgesic‐sparing effects. The β‐blocking drugs, esmolol and labetalol have been used as an alternative to short‐acting opioid analgesics for controlling the transient, acute autonomic responses during surgery (5‐8), They have been shown to reduce the anesthetic requirement during intravenous (propofol) or volatile‐based anesthesia (6,7,10‐13) and to decrease opioid consumption intraoperatively and in the PACU (8). They may also improve hemodynamic stability during induction and emergence from anesthesia in the perioperative and early postoperative period and facilitate the resumption of normal activities after major surgical procedures. The anesthetic and analgesic‐sparing effects of β ‐blockers also lead to a faster emergence from anesthesia and reduce postoperative opioid side effects (e.g., PONV) (14‐18). Perioperative intravenous esmolol has shown improvement in perioperative outcomes, decreases acute hemodynamic responses, reduces anesthetics and opioids use during anesthesia, facilitates a faster emergence from anesthesia, reduces intraoperative and postoperative opioid requirements, reduces side effects as such as pruritus, constipation, ileus, nausea and vomiting (PONV) and thereby shortens the hospital stay. (3, 7, 13, 18) Local anesthetics like lidocaine possess analgesic, antihyperalgesic and anti‐inflammatory properties. Perioperative intravenous lidocaine has shown improvement in perioperative outcomes in patients undergoing abdominal surgery to decrease intraoperative requirement of Inhalants/Intravenous agents, opioid consumption, postoperative pain, fatigue, nausea and vomiting scores, maintain hemodynamic stability, facilitate a more rapid recovery of gastrointestinal function, improve postoperative recovery, fast resumption of normal activities of daily living and shorten length of hospital stay, when administered as an adjuvant during surgery.(19,23‐29,33) Theoretically, it would be extremely beneficial to administer an adjuvant (to patients undergoing abdominal surgery) that is capable of effectively controlling autonomic responses during surgery, while providing a faster recovery with fewer side effects. Preliminary data suggests that the perioperative effects of systemic administration of lidocaine and esmolol is most effective in facilitating bowel recovery, decreasing opioid consumption in the intra/postoperative period, and shorten length of hospital stay with early recovery. Therefore, we designed this prospective, randomized, double‐blinded, active‐controlled study to test the hypothesis that systemic administration of lidocaine and esmolol in combination (vs. either drug alone) for maintenance of hemodynamic stability during surgery will result in improved postoperative outcomes for patients undergoing abdominal surgery (e.g., less pain and postoperative nausea and vomiting, and faster return of bowel function and resumption of normal activities of daily living); leading to a shorten length of hospital stay.
Effect of Lidocaine and Esmolol to Improve the Quality of Recovery; Finding the optimal combination of anesthetic adjuvant drugs for maintaining hemodynamic stability during surgery is a challenge (1‐3). Traditionally, potent opioid analgesics like fentanyl and its newer analogs have been used for this purpose. However, use of opioid compounds is associated with well‐known side effects (e.g., ventilatory depression, postoperative nausea and vomiting, constipation, ileus, bladder dysfunction, urinary retention, pruritus, drowsiness and sedation). All of these common side effects interfere with the early recovery process and contribute to a delayed resumption of normal activities (4, 5). Increasingly, non‐opioid analgesics (e.g. β‐blockers and local anesthetics) are being utilized as adjuvant drugs during surgery for treatment of acute hyperdynamic responses (increased catecholamine release) during surgery, as well as, facilitation of the recovery process after surgery because of their anesthetic and analgesic‐sparing effects. The β‐blocking drugs, esmolol and labetalol have been used as an alternative to short‐acting opioid analgesics for controlling the transient, acute autonomic responses during surgery (5‐8), They have been shown to reduce the anesthetic requirement during intravenous (propofol) or volatile‐based anesthesia (6,7,10‐13) and to decrease opioid consumption intraoperatively and in the PACU (8). They may also improve hemodynamic stability during induction and emergence from anesthesia in the perioperative and early postoperative period and facilitate the resumption of normal activities after major surgical procedures. The anesthetic and analgesic‐sparing effects of β ‐blockers also lead to a faster emergence from anesthesia and reduce postoperative opioid side effects (e.g., PONV) (14‐18). Perioperative intravenous esmolol has shown improvement in perioperative outcomes, decreases acute hemodynamic responses, reduces anesthetics and opioids use during anesthesia, facilitates a faster emergence from anesthesia, reduces intraoperative and postoperative opioid requirements, reduces side effects as such as pruritus, constipation, ileus, nausea and vomiting (PONV) and thereby shortens the hospital stay. (3, 7, 13, 18) Local anesthetics like lidocaine possess analgesic, antihyperalgesic and anti‐inflammatory properties. Perioperative intravenous lidocaine has shown improvement in perioperative outcomes in patients undergoing abdominal surgery to decrease intraoperative requirement of Inhalants/Intravenous agents, opioid consumption, postoperative pain, fatigue, nausea and vomiting scores, maintain hemodynamic stability, facilitate a more rapid recovery of gastrointestinal function, improve postoperative recovery, fast resumption of normal activities of daily living and shorten length of hospital stay, when administered as an adjuvant during surgery.(19,23‐29,33) Theoretically, it would be extremely beneficial to administer an adjuvant (to patients undergoing abdominal surgery) that is capable of effectively controlling autonomic responses during surgery, while providing a faster recovery with fewer side effects. Preliminary data suggests that the perioperative effects of systemic administration of lidocaine and esmolol is most effective in facilitating bowel recovery, decreasing opioid consumption in the intra/postoperative period, and shorten length of hospital stay with early recovery. Therefore, we designed this prospective, randomized, double‐blinded, active‐controlled study to test the hypothesis that systemic administration of lidocaine and esmolol in combination (vs. either drug alone) for maintenance of hemodynamic stability during surgery will result in improved postoperative outcomes for patients undergoing abdominal surgery (e.g., less pain and postoperative nausea and vomiting, and faster return of bowel function and resumption of normal activities of daily living); leading to a shorten length of hospital stay.
Ketolorac Versus Saline at Laparoscopic Incision Sites; As the push for more minimally invasive and economical procedures increases, special attention will be paid to reasons why patients experience complications, unanticipated outpatient visits or require prolonged recovery times or even unplanned hospital admissions. Insufficient pain control is one of the prime reasons for increased level of care (16, 17), with pain defined as a "conscious unpleasant sensory and emotional experience associated with actual or potential tissue damage" (12). Appropriate pain control may advantageously affect length of hospital stay and related expense, decrease chronic pain syndromes, improve patient experience and result in fewer complications in the postoperative period (12). Multiple methods of analgesia are employed to improve pain control after procedures, including intravenous medications, regional anesthesia and local injections (12, 16, 17). Laparoscopic procedures typically involve general anesthesia, and in an effort to improve recovery in the post anesthesia care unit (PACU) anesthesiologists employ shorter acting agents (2). Patients who received short acting anesthetic agents were more likely to bypass the PACU, particularly patients undergoing gynecologic surgery (2). This does not alleviate, and in fact may intensify, the need for adequate pain control in the immediate postoperative period. Not only is the type of analgesia in question but also the timing in administration: preincisional vs. at surgical closure. Einarsson et al specifically investigated local pain control in laparoscopic port sites using patients as their own controls. This study compared pain control in patients with bupivacaine and normal saline infiltrated at port sites, using each patient as their own control and found postoperative administration of bupivicaine resulted in better pain control. Ke et al examined efficacy of pain control with respect to both medication administered as well as timing when they compared infiltration of wounds with either bupivacaine or normal saline before initial incision or at incision closure. The results indicated pre‐incision injection provided better pain control with longer lasting analgesic effects, however the study was limited by a small sample size leading to possibly less significant results. Lam et al also investigated local pain control at laparoscopic port sites with a placebo controlled trial using either lignocaine or normal saline at the initial incision or at closing the case. Their results advocated for using analgesia at the time of closure, showing decreased pain scores for up to 24 hours postoperatively in that group, and only minimal improvement with preemptive analgesia. These results may not be clinically significant because despite the decreased pain scores, amount of pain medication utilized was the same. Despite some studies indicating improved pain control with local anesthesia, multiple randomized, placebo controlled, double blind studies have not shown any significant difference between saline and bupivacaine with respect to post operative pain (18‐21). Several strategies have been tested in an effort to improve analgesia in this critical time period, including intravenous, regional and local anesthesia (12). Multiple types of pain medications have been used to improve postsurgical pain. Opioids are commonly used, however may be associated with multiple negative affects including nausea and vomiting, delayed gastric emptying, sedation and respiratory depression (12). Postoperative nausea and vomiting, pain control and drowsiness were all factors contributing to prolonged recovery room stays (15). Other medications may be used to decrease opioid consumption, even the most common analgesics. Acetaminophen has been found to decrease opioid requirements postoperatively up to 20% (12). Postoperative NSAID use is quite common (12). With respect to NSAIDs in particular, ketorolac has been utilized due to its ability to improve pain control and lessen the amount of opioid medication given (12). Ketorolac offers advantages over opioids, particularly with respect to avoidance of and decrease in opioid associated side effects (4). These advantages have implications for both patient comfort and length of hospital stay following surgery. The use of adjunct non‐opioid medications may lead to shorter PACU stays, decreased discharge times and fewer adverse effects such as respiratory depression and postoperative nausea and vomiting (4, 5, 15). Cassinelli et al demonstrated improved pain control when using IV ketorolac following lumbar decompression surgery, showing patients had decreased morphine requirements with improved pain scores following surgery. Coloma et al compared intravenous versus local ketorolac versus normal saline following anorectal surgery and found use of ketorolac in any form decreased pain scores. This was clinically significant in that it decreased the requirement for oral pain medications without a concomitant increase in side effects or complications. That group found that although both IV and local ketorolac provided pain relief following surgery, only local administration gave statistically significant lower pain scores on arrival to the PACU and had a shorter time to discharge compared to controls. In addition, a study by Ben‐David found administration of 30 mg ketorolac locally had improved pain scores than when 60 mg was given intramuscularly (22). A comparison during orthopedic surgery of local vs systemic administration of ketorolac showed improved pain scores with local administration (23). These beneficial findings were in no way universal. Kardash et al compared ketorolac use in patients undergoing hernia repair and found no difference in pain levels postoperatively whether patients had ketorolac injected either at the site of the incision or peripherally (in this case a subcutaneous injection in the contralateral abdominal wall). These findings were mitigated somewhat due to lack of a control group, omitted primarily because the authors felt NSAIDs were a routine part of postoperative pain control and could not be ethically withheld. Ketorolac does have drawbacks in the form of suspected hematologic impact affecting platelet aggregation and bleeding time and must be used with cautiously in patients with renal compromise (12). The source of pain is multifactorial, including not only intra‐abdominal discomfort from the procedure itself but also from the skin incision as well (3). Multiple studies have compared local anesthesia injected at the site of laparoscopic incision to a normal saline control. Khaira et al examined normal saline vs. bupivacaine injections at the surgical incision site early in surgery and found a decrease in parenteral opioid use in patients who received the anesthetic injection. Cansino et al compared oral NSAID combined with a lidocaine paracervical block to oral placebo and a paracervical block that included both lidocaine and ketorolac during first trimester surgical abortion. They found improved pain control with the combined paracervical block particularly during cervical dilation, although the remaining pain scores were not significantly different. Mohair et al examined the effects of infiltration with pain medication in postoperative pain control in patients undergoing breast augmentation. They did this by infiltrating normal saline, ketorolac, bupivacaine or both ketorolac and bupivacaine into the breast pocket following dissection. Their results suggested the combined medication improved pain levels immediately postoperative and through the time of discharge at their outpatient surgery center. Each pain medication alone also improved pain scores although to a lesser extent. It is unclear if the statistical significance translates to a clinical significance. A follow up to the initial study of pain medication infiltrated into breast pockets in breast augmentation followed longer term pain scores in postoperative patients who had either normal saline or the combination ketorolac and bupivacaine infiltrated during surgery. Results showed improved pain scores over the first five postoperative days as determined by the visual analogue scale and amount of pain medication used when the analgesic solution was infiltrated during surgery. Again, it remains unclear whether this is clinically significant, as the amount of pain medication utilized differed by approximately one to two tablets daily. Mahabir et al theorized the possible benefit of ketorolac over bupivacaine could stem from the difference in pKa in the two medications. The pKa of ketorolac is 3.5, indicating a higher activity in acidic tissues, such as those that are damaged and inflamed, relative to a medication such as bupivacaine with its more basic pKa of 8.1 (16).
Effect of Vitamin D Treatment on Fatigue; 1. General Design This is a randomized, double blind, mono‐centric, placebo‐controlled interventional study of the effects of oral vitamin D supplementation on self‐reported fatigue. Overall 80 patients with proven vitamin D deficiency (20‐Hydroxy‐Vitamin D ≤ 20 µg/L) who fulfill all the eligibility criteria will be randomized and enrolled to receive vitamin D or placebo in 1:1 ratio. All patients must sign an informed consent prior to enrolment and meet eligibility criteria. All patients will be recruited at the Medical Outpatients Department of University Hospital Zürich. Screening, Part 1: Consecutive patients consulting the Medical Outpatients Department, complaining of fatigue, will be asked to participate in the study. Basic questionnaire for fatigue will be applied to confirm fatigue symptoms. Screening, Part 2: In positive case, the patients will be asked to sign an informed consent. Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), Mini International Neuropsychiatric Interview (M.I.N.I.) and Insomnia Severity Index (ISI) will be administered to exclude depression, sleep disorders and major psychiatric disorders respectively. Thereafter blood will be tested according to table 1. Patients with vitamin D levels below 20 µg/L will undergo randomization. Participants will be informed about their results of vitamin D levels by the telephone, a treatment appointment within 2 weeks after screening will be arranged for participants with vitamin D levels ≤ 20 µg/L. Visit A (within 2 weeks after randomisation): Routine clinical examination will be performed. Baseline Fatigue assessment scale (FAS) score will be documented, following by blood and urine samples according to table 1 to measure the baseline vitamin D‐, PTH‐ and Calcium levels. Blood samples will undergo centrifugation. Blood and urine samples will be frozen at ‐80°C. Oral Vitamin D preparation or placebo will be administered according to the protocol in a double blinded manner. The drug administration will be done by an independent person e.g. a physician assistant or study nurse directly observing the drug intake. During the administration, procedures are implemented which ensure that the subjects cannot distinguish between placebo and verum (identical appearance, taste and smell). Visit B ( 4 weeks after Visit A + maximum 7 days): Patients will undergo the same Assessment of Fatigue by filling out FAS questionnaire. Additionally, a short self‐developed test Fatigue course assessment (FCA) will be applied to evaluate symptomatic response. Thereafter blood and urine samples will be taken to document biochemical response: Vitamin D‐, PTH‐, phosphate and calcium levels. The Vitamin D status of the subjects will be monitored by standard clinical chemical parameters. Safety assessments will include pre‐ and post‐treatment measurement of vital signs, clinical laboratory assessments, and the recording of adverse clinical events. 3. Prior and Concomitant Therapy According to the inclusion/exclusion criteria (see above), chronic intake of concomitant medication is not allowed, except oral contraceptives. Intake of Vitamin D preparations during the last 8 weeks before the start of the trial protocol and during the trial is not allowed. Vitamin preparations or herbal medicine should be withheld during the study period. Sporadic medication with e.g. NSAID or paracetamol for symptomatic treatment of intercurrent viral infections or occasional headaches is allowed. All concomitant medications have to be recorded on the CRF. Subjects taking additional vitamin D preparations drugs the study course will be excluded from the study. 5. Treatment / Dosage and administration 2. Selection of study population / Subject recruitment Patients will be informed about the study at a regular medical visit at the medical outpatients department USZ. Potential subjects will be provided with the participant information sheet and fill in the basic questionnaire for fatigue. After informed consent has been obtained, all study‐specific information will be collected to determine if a patient meets the inclusion criteria without violating any of the exclusion criteria. A total number of 80 subjects will be enrolled, with an enrolment goal of 12 subjects per month. Recruitment will take place in the medical outpatient department (Klinik und Poliklinik für Innere Medizin) of the University Hospital in Zurich. If monthly enrolment goals cannot be achieved, announcements will be posted on the university's announcement boards and on the internet page of the USZ medical department. Patients will receive no financial compensation. The specific inclusion and exclusion criteria for enrolling subjects in this study are described in the following sections. 4. Randomization and blinding Overview: A randomization procedure will be used to avoid a bias in the assignment of the study subjects to the two treatment groups (oral vitamin D, oral placebo). Randomization lists, preparation of study drugs and placebo, labelling and drug accountability will be done by the hospital pharmacy (Kantonsapotheke Zürich). The randomisation list will be preserved by the hospital pharmacy. The oral intake will be directly observed by a physician assistant or study nurse. As placebo and verum are manufactured having identical appearance, taste and smell, study participants can not differ between placebo and verum. Procedure: Patients will be assigned to treatment groups based on a randomization list/schedule prepared by the hospital pharmacy prior to the trial. Patients will receive a randomization number. Randomized patients who terminate their study participation for any reason regardless whether the study medication was taken or not, will retain their randomization number. The next patient will be given the next randomization number. An Emergency Code Break preserved in a sealed Emergency Code Envelope will be available to the investigator. This envelope with the Code Break should only be opened in emergency situations when the identity of the investigational product must be known by the investigator in order to provide appropriate medical treatment. The patients will be randomized to one of the 2 treatment groups (40 participants in each group): Group I: oral vitamin D; Group II: oral placebo. ‐ Group I (oral vitamin D): 100 000 E Vitamin D (Colecalciferol) will be applied as a single dose as two capsules containing 50 000 E each. ‐ Group II (oral placebo): 2 placebo capsules will be applied as a single dose The drug preparations will be delivered and labelled by the hospital pharmacy according to standard operating procedures and GMP guidelines. After the study finalisation, the placebo group will be offered a treatment with Vitamin D. 5. Study drug information Vitamin D used in this study is 2 capsules containing 50 000 E Cholecalciferol each, prepared by the university hospital pharmacy. Placebo will be prepared by the university hospital pharmacy in a capsule of identical appearance, taste and smell. 6. Packing and Labeling Study medication (oral Vitamin D and placebo) will be provided by the hospital pharmacy, labelled and packaged according to Swiss guidelines and EU‐GMP guidelines.
A Phase 2, Placebo-Controlled, Randomized, Double-Blind, Parallel Arm, Dose Ranging Study to Evaluate Safety and Efficacy of Apixaban In Patients with a Recent Acute Coronary Syndrome. Revised Protocol 01 incorporating Amendment 03 And Parmacogenetics Blood Sample Amendment 01 dated 17-Feb-2006 Revised Protocol 02 incorporating Amendment 04 and Admin Letter 01 - APPRAISE-1; INTERVENTION: Product Name: Apixaban Product Code: BMS‐562247‐01 Pharmaceutical Form: Tablet INN or Proposed INN: Apixaban CAS Number: 503612‐47‐3 Current Sponsor code: BMS‐562247‐01 (laboratory code) Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 2.5‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Tablet Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use Product Name: Apixaban Product Code: BMS‐562247‐01 Pharmaceutical Form: Tablet INN or Proposed INN: Apixaban CAS Number: 503612‐47‐3 Current Sponsor code: BMS‐562247‐01 (laboratory code) Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 10‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Tablet Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use CONDITION: ACUTE CORONARY SYNDROMES,NOS INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) Signed written informed consent; 2) Recent (=7 days) Acute Coronary Syndrome with: a) symptoms of myocardial ischemia (chest pain, dyspnea, etc.) lasting a total of at least 10 minutes (see Section 7.2.1) And either b) elevation in cardiac biomarkers (troponin T or I or creatine kinase‐MB) above the upper limit of normal or c) dynamic ST segment deviation [depression or elevation of =0.1 mV (1.0 mm)] 3) Clinically stable, receiving standard care for ACS, including antiplatelet therapy [acetylsalicylic acid (ASA) = 165 mg/day, with or without clopidogrel 75 mg/day, based on the choice of the treating physician] 4) Either unknown coronary anatomy or angiographic evidence of atherosclerotic plaque in any major coronary artery, significant branch, or coronary bypass graft. 5) Women who are not of childbearing potential (i.e., who are postmenopausal or surgically sterile), and men, ages 18 (or legal age of consent) to 90.< PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: The primary objective of this study is to evaluate 4 doses of apixaban as compared to placebo over a 26 week treatment period in selected subjects with recent (=7 days) Acute Coronary Syndrome (ACS) for safety (bleeding) and to determine the optimal dose and regimen of apixaban for use in Phase 3 ACS treatment. Primary end point(s): Efficacy Analyses; The primary objective of this study is related to safety. There is no primary efficacy; outcome. Secondary Efficacy outcomes are:; ; • the composite of cardiovascular death, non‐fatal myocardial infarction, severe; recurrent ischemia and non‐hemorrhagic stroke occurring through Week 26; • the composite of all‐cause death, non‐fatal myocardial infarction, severe recurrent; ischemia and non‐hemorrhagic stroke occurring through Week 26.; • the composite of all‐cause death and myocardial infarction occurring through Week; 26; • the composite of all‐cause death and non‐hemorrhagic stroke occurring through Week; 26; • all‐cause death occurring through Week 26; • cardiovascular death occurring through Week 26; • the composite of all‐cause death and severe recurrent ischemia occurring through; Week 26.; ; ; Safety Analysis; The primary safety outcome for this trial is the composite of major bleeding and; clinically relevant non‐major bleeding occurring through the end of treatment.; ; The secondary safety outcomes for this trial are 1) all bleeding events, including major bleeding, clinically relevant non‐major bleeding and minor bleeding occurring through the end of treatment and 2) the composite of all‐cause death, non‐fatal myocardial infarction, severe recurrent ischemia and non‐hemorrhagic stroke during the 30 days after discontinuation of therapy. Other safety outcome measures will also be assessed, and will include adverse events and abnormal standard clinical laboratory test results, e.g., hemoglobin, platelet count, ALT/AST and creatinine. Secondary Objective: The secondary safety objectives are:; ; • to evaluate the incidence of cardiovascular and all‐cause death, non‐fatal myocardial infarction, severe recurrent ischemia and non‐hemorrhagic stroke during the 30 days after discontinuation of therapy; • to assess the incidence of adverse events and abnormal clinical laboratory test results.; ; The secondary efficacy objectives are:; ; • to evaluate the incidence of the composite of cardiovascular death, non‐fatal; myocardial infarction, severe recurrent ischemia and non‐hemorrhagic stroke through; Week 26.; • to evaluate the incidence of the composite of all‐cause death, non‐fatal myocardial; infarction, severe recurrent ischemia and non‐hemorrhagic stroke through Week 26.
Pre- Versus Post-incisional Pregabalin for Postoperative Pain Attenuation and Analgesics Spare in Orthopedic Oncologic Patients; Background Proper pain relief is a major concern of patients worldwide. Pain concerns the surgical team as well, because of its correlation with clinical outcomes and patients' satisfaction rate. Studies have shown that negative clinical outcome with regard to pain control includes decreases in vital capacity and alveolar ventilation, pneumonia, tachycardia, hypertension, myocardial ischemia, transition into chronic pain, poor wound healing, and psychological sequelae. Pain has been found to be one of the three most common medical causes of delayed/aborted discharge after ambulatory surgery, the other two being drowsiness and postoperative nausea/vomiting. Despite progress that has been made with regard to postoperative pain control, and the development of new standards for pain control, many patients continue to experience intense pain after surgery. Recent advances in the understanding of the particularities of central sensitization indicate that it plays an important role in post surgical and post traumatic pain and therefore should be avoided. We now distinguish postoperative pain, which is mostly nociceptive, and which perceives pain following surgical insult, from the exacerbation of acute nociceptive pain that leads to neural sensitization, when sensations that are not normally painful, are perceived as painful, as in hyperalgesia and allodynia. Thus, acute pain may transform into subacute or chronic pain, conditions that are harder to control when more persistent (chronic) they become. Better pain control, possibly using drugs that affect both acute and chronic pains, seems therefore the current optimal choice. Multimodal analgesia Advances in knowledge of the neuropharmacological molecular mechanisms of pain have led to the development of "multimodal analgesia" practice. The concept of multimodal analgesia is now a well established clinical practice. For example, non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory medications combined with intravenous patient‐controlled morphine administration, may decrease nausea and sedation in patients when compared with that using patient‐controlled morphine analgesia alone. Multimodal analgesia also can produce opioid sparing effects. Our group has shown repeatedly, that multimodal analgesia spares postoperative morphine consumption and increases level of patients' satisfaction. However, they may not improve postoperative outcome in terms of faster recovery, reduced hospital stay, and decreased length of convalescence. Analgesic adjuvant Adjuvants are compounds, which by themselves may have undesirable side effects or low potency but in combination with opioids allow a reduction of narcotic dosing for postoperative pain control. They are needed due to side effects of opioid analgesics, which hinder recovery, especially when increasingly utilizing ambulatory surgical procedures. One of the newer groups of products that are non‐analgesic substances, therefore named "adjuvants", are anticonvulsants (e.g., pregabalin). Population characteristics The orthopedic oncological patients are a specific group of individuals whose demand for antinociception starts rather before surgery because of the bone tumor‐generated pain that usually signals the first existence of pathology. Subsequently, these patients would require postoperatively more analgesics than after general surgery and for a longer period of time. We have demonstrated previously that acute pain that is superimposed on an already aroused CNS (central nervous system), i.e., the presence of central sensitization, would create a situation where complete antinociception is hard to obtain, as in these patients, and therefore the efficacy of the antinociceptive protocol is best tested, comprised the possible transformation of acute into chronic pain. Pregabalin (PGL) Interest has been focused on the analgesic, sedative, anxiolytic, and opioid‐sparing effects of pregabalin (PGL) (S+ 3‐isobutyl GABA), a structural analog of GABA (Gamma‐Aminobutyric Acid) and a derivative of gabapentin in various pain settings, including postoperative pain. Of a similar mechanism of action, it is thought to possess a superior pharmacokinetic profile than gabapentin. Pregabalin has a variable role in neuropathic pain conditions, such as post‐herpetic neuralgia, painful diabetic neuropathy, central neuropathic pain, and fibromyalgia. Some studies had not demonstrated a significant analgesic effect in the acute, postoperative pain; others propose PGL to have effective sedative and opioid‐sparing effects , both useful characteristics for the control of acute pain. Opioid sparing effects and improved pain scores have been seen after abdominal and pelvic surgery. Its many potential actions such as reducing opioid requirements, prevention and reduction of opioid tolerance, improvement of the quality of opioid analgesia, decreased respiratory depression, relief of anxiety, and gastric sparing, make it an attractive drug to consider for control of pain in the post operative period. preemptive drug has been pointed out as a beneficial tool for reducing perioperative pain. Various techniques have been employed for this purpose; different drugs were used as well. The beneficial effects of preemptive PGL were documented in patients who had undergone lumbar discectomy, both immediately and 1 and 3 months after surgery.
Androgen Excess as a Cause for Adipogenic Dysfunction in PCOS Women; Aim 1. Examine mechanisms of subcutaneous abdominal adipose (fat) development in normal‐weight PCOS women vs. BMI‐ and age‐matched normal (control) women. Subjects and clinical assessment: We will recruit 16 lean (18.5‐25 kg/M2) PCOS subjects and 16 age‐ and BMI‐matched controls. Subjects will complete a standardized questionnaire emphasizing menstrual dating, abnormal hair growth and acne. The questionnaire also will annotate age, smoking status, medications, surgical history and family histories of excess hair growth in female relatives and of diabetes in parents or siblings for exclusion criteria and for inclusion of some basic traits as covariates. Subjects also will undergo a physical examination; hirsutism will be scored by the modified Ferriman‐Gallwey (mFG) method. Transvaginal sonography (TVUS) will be performed to determine the presence or absence of polycystic ovaries. A screening blood sample will be obtained for determinations of steroid hormones, SHBG, TSH, and prolactin. Women of any ethnicity between the ages of 18 and 35 years will be recruited. PCOS patients will be diagnosed by 1990 NIH criteria. Controls will have regular menstrual cycles at 21 to 35 day intervals, a luteal phase progesterone (P4) level > 3 ng/mL, and no evidence of hirsutism, acne, alopecia, polycystic ovaries or endocrine dysfunction. Exclusion criteria are: present/past history (<1 year) of smoking, cancer, alcohol abuse, drug addiction, severe depression, or post traumatic stress; diabetes; uncontrolled hypertension (≥ 165/100); clinically significant hepatic or renal disease, or other major medical illness; signs or symptoms of infection; recent (within 30 days) use of an experimental device; recent (within 3 months) use of androgens, anabolic steroids or non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs; recent (within 3 months) use of hormonal agents (including birth control pills or insulin sensitizers); use of the drug warfarin. Studies will be conducted in the follicular phase in controls and during amenorrhea in PCOS women. All subjects will undergo a modified frequently‐sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test (FSIGTT). Glucose in the form of a 50% solution (0.3 g/kg) and regular human insulin (0.03 units/kg) will be injected through an intravenous line at 0 and 20 min, respectively. Blood will be collected at ‐20, ‐15, ‐5, 0, 2, 4, 8, 19, 22, 30, 40, 50, 70, 90, and 180 min for glucose and insulin determinations. Mathematical modeling of serial glucose and insulin determinations will calculate: insulin sensitivity index (SI, i.e. the action of insulin to accelerate glucose uptake and suppress glucose production), glucose effectiveness index (SG, i.e. the combined effect of glucose to enhance glucose uptake and suppress endogenous glucose production at basal insulin levels) and the acute response to glucose (AIRG). Adipocytes isolation and culture: Approximately 1‐2 gms of fat will be obtained from the lower SC abdomen using standard procedures under local anesthesia. Adipocytes (fat cells) and surrounding fat tissue will be isolated to measure adipocyte cell number and diameter, lipid accumulation and function, adiponectin, and stem cell development. Procedures: All procedures will be performed in normal and PCOS women at the start of study. i). Venipuncture: Fasting blood will be collected for blood count, chemistry panel, LH, FSH, total/free T, DHT, A4, DHEAS, E1, E2, anti‐mullerian hormone (AMH), SHBG, adiponectin, leptin, IL‐6, lipid profile and free fatty acids (FFAs). ii ). Body composition: Body composition will be assessed by BMI, waist‐to‐hip circumference and DEXA scanning. Girths will be measured at the waist (narrowest section of the torso between ribs and umbilicus) and hips (largest protrusion of the hip region, above the gluteal fold). For total body fat and regional fat distribution, whole body scans will be performed, utilizing DEXA imaging. iii). Body fat distribution: Total body DEXA will measure abdominal fat (i.e., the area between the dome of the diaphragm and the top of the hip. Total body DEXA images also will determine % body fat; fat‐free body mass; total body, abdominal, and leg fat; and abdomen/leg fat mass ratio. The leg region is that area below the top of the hip bone (greater trochanter). iv). Ovarian testing: Transvaginal ultrasound will be performed in the follicular phase in controls and during amenorrhea in PCOS women. Ovarian volume will be calculated. Antral follicle number, defined as the total follicle number (2‐9 mm in diameter) of both ovaries, will be determined by 1 investigator (D.A.D.). Polycystic ovaries will be identified, with one such ovary sufficient to define PCO Aim 2. Determine the role of androgen in SC abdominal ASC dysfunction and its relation to metabolism in normal‐weight PCOS women through androgen. antagonism by clinical use of flutamide vs. placebo. Modified FSIGTT and Adipogenic studies: The modified FSIGTT and all adipogenic studies performed at study initiation will be repeated at the end of the 6‐month flutamide vs. placebo intervention in PCOS women. Procedures: All procedures performed at study initiation also will be repeated at the end of the six 28‐day cycles of flutamide vs. placebo intervention in PCOS women. In addition, monthly liver function studies will be performed to detect possible elevations of serum transaminase levels above the normal range during flutamide vs. placebo therapy. Menstrual records: Ovulatory frequency will be determined by having subjects keep a daily menstrual record and collect weekly first morning urine samples for possible progesterone and creatinine determinations. Urine samples will be frozen for later analysis to determine evidence of ovulation, as necessary. Aim 3. Identify epigenetic changes that underlie SC abdominal ASC dysfunction in normal‐weight PCOS women vs. BMI‐ and age‐matched controls. Subcutaneous abdominal adipose stem cells from PCOS and control women will be grown into newly‐formed fat cells (adipocytes) in the laboratory. Cells will be studied before and after 6‐month treatment with placebo vs flutamide for changes in the cell epigenome (methylation, RNA sequences and histone modification).
The NIA ASPREE trial-aspirin in reducing events in the elderly; Previous trials of non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory medications have had mixed results in preventing cognitive decline and dementia, but no large scale trials of aspirin in healthy elderly have been conducted. ASPREE is a unique geriatric primary prevention, randomized placebo‐controlled trial of low dose ASA vs. Placebo, initiated in 2010, and jointly sponsored by the NIA (uS) and NhMrC (australiaAUS). The Berman Center, hennepin County Medical Center, Minneapolis, and Monash university, Melbourne, AUS are the ASPREE coordinating centers. The primary aims are to determine whether 1) 100 mg of daily aspirin will extend dementia‐ and disability free life in a healthy population ≥ 65 years in the uS (minority only) and ≥ 70 yrs. In AUS, and 2) the benefits of aspirin outweigh the risks of severe bleeding. Recruitment goal is 19,000 participants, followed for approximately 5 years through study end in 2018. Methods: Setting and Participants. Recruitment in australia is primarily through general practices; in the uS it is community‐based. The uS is recruiting Caucasians and enriching with minority groups (african americans and hispanic). Inclusion criteria: Non‐minority men and women 70 years of age and over and uS minority 65 years of age and over. Exclusion criteria: a history of dementia or a 3MS score ≤ 77; severe difficulty or an inability to perform any one of the 6 Katz activities of daily living (ADLS); history of a diagnosed CVD event; atrial fibrillation; serious illness likely to cause death within the next 5 years; high risk of major bleeding; anemia (hemoglobin <12 g/dl males, <11 g/dl females). Randomization: Participants are randomized remotely via the ASPREE web portal according to a computergenerated randomization schedule, in a ratio of 1:1 to active ASA 100 mg enteric‐coated unscored white tablet [Bayer Schering Pharma (Germany)] or placebo enteric‐coated un‐scored white tablet with identical appearance. A 100mg once daily dose was selected as this is the common international dosage regimen. The primary endpoint is the first occurrence of either incident dementia, persistent physical disability or death from any cause. Dementia will be diagnosed based on DSM‐iV criteria. Significant physical disability will be defined as a confirmed, self‐report of 'a lot of difficulty', or 'inability to perform independently' any one of the 6 Katz basic ADLS and persisting for at least 6 months. Secondary endpoints are cancer, cardiovascular and stroke events, cognitive decline, and incidence of serious bleeding. Cognitive function measures: at baseline visit and every other year: 3MS, Symbol‐Digit Modalities test, hopkins Verbal Learning testrevised, COWAT, CES‐D for depression. Physical function measures: at baseline visit and every other year performance‐based gait speed and hand grip tests and self‐reported Katz ADL's, LiFe and Short Form 12 QOL questionnaires. Laboratory measures: annual hemoglobin, creatinine, glucose, cholesterol, HDL, LDL, urine albumin creatinine ratio. Stored serum and buffy coat are being collected in 6000 australian participants for their australian‐ funded ASPREE Biobank. Telephone calls occur at 4 weeks after randomization (at Visit 2), and at 3, 6 and 9 months between annual visits for retention and clinical event reporting. Dementia assessment: a 3MS score below 78, or decline by more than 10 points adjusted for age and level of education triggers a dementia assessment with a dementia expert. This includes the ADAS‐COG, Color trails, the Luria test of overlapping figures for visual agnosia, CaM and ADCS‐ADL with surrogate, laboratory tests and a CT or MRI. The ASPREE dementia endpoint adjudication subcommittee will assess dementia according to DSM‐IV criteria. Statistical Analysis: 19000 participants having 3787 events are required to have 90% power (two‐sided alpha error rate of 0.05) to detect a 10% reduction (risk ratio of 0.90) in the primary endpoint with aspirin analyzed with a univariate Cox proportional hazards regression model. On the basis of these assumptions, 311 primary endpoint events in 1500 US minority participants and 3374 primary endpoint events in 17500 australian and US White participants will yield 89% power for the primary endpoint analysis.The primary and secondary endpoints will be analyzed according to intention‐to‐treat principles. Results: as of June 1, 2013, approximately 1800 in the US and 12,000 in AUS have been recruited. Recruitment period will end in approximately June 2014, to reach goal of 19,000. Number of reported dementia cases is approaching estimated goal among those with 1‐3 years of follow‐ up. ASPREE AUS ancillary studies include: brain MRI, retinal vascular imaging, sleep apnea studies and 3 mail‐in surveys, and the uS‐AUS NCisponsored ASPREE Cancer endpoints Study. Conclusion: the ASPREE study is the first primary prevention aspirin trial with a geriatric composite endpoint that includes dementia, disability and death.
Rehabilitation Program as an Alternative Therapy for Moderate to Severe Obstructive Sleep Apnea Syndrome; The obstructive sleep apnea/hypopnea syndrome (OSAS), with an estimated prevalence of between 2 and 4% (1) is characterized by repetitive obstructions of the upper airway that generate intermittent hypoxemia and sleep fragmentation. The typical clinical profile of the apneic patient is an middle aged (50‐55 years) obese male, snoring and drowsy. Moreover, OSAS is a risk factor for hypertension independent of obesity (2, 3) and it is now clear evidence that untreated apnea patients have high cardiovascular morbidity / mortality (CVM) higher than subjects treated with CPAP (4‐6). Clinically, excessive daytime sleepiness (EDS) is the main symptom (7) but the attentional and cognitive disorders (8.9), depression or simply a state of fatigue are other possible manifestations of OSAS. The impact on quality of life (QoL) (10‐12) are significant and underestimated. The origins of this drowsiness are multiple: one finds the fragmentation of sleep (13,14), intermittent hypoxia, respiratory effort, obesity (15) and certain cytokines such as TNF‐alpha and IL‐6 involved in sleep regulation (16‐19). On the pathophysiology, the investigators find in the obstructive apneic oxidative stress (20‐24) and systemic inflammation (25‐27). CRP and levels of some cytokines (IL‐1 beta, IL‐6, IL‐8 and TNF‐alpha) are increased and their levels are correlated with the severity of disease as the increase of CVD (28‐30 ). Intermittent hypoxia appears to play an essential role in the genesis of these abnormalities (31). On the metabolic dysregulation of many coexist. Found abnormal fasting blood glucose, a state of insulin resistance, dyslipidemia, and hyperleptinemia. Insulin resistance increases with body weight independent of the index of apnea / hypopnea (AHI) (18, 32‐34). Intermittent hypoxia appears to be the cause. Leptin secreted by adipocytes, regulates weight by controlling appetite and energy expenditure. The hyperleptinemia found in OSA is controversial. Obesity appears to be primarily responsible for some (36) while others suggest the role of nocturnal hypoxemia (37). In fact, it is more the state of leptin resistance that hyperleptinemia alone that seems to be involved. Treatment with continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) has clearly demonstrated its effectiveness to suppress apneas and sleep fragmentation associated. A meta‐analysis (38) has confirmed the improvement of IDS by the PPC. However, in less severe forms, improving the SDE is less clear (39) and the PPC is sometimes not easily accepted, not tolerated and limiting its effectiveness is its poor compliance (40,41). From a pathophysiological point of view, CSF improves systemic inflammation (26,27) and diminishes the CVD (5.6). For cons, the metabolic dysregulation (insulin resistance, hyperleptinemia, dyslipidemia) are improving somewhat CPAP except in patients without obesity (42‐44). And physical activity improves sleep quality in normal subjects while in parallel it would have an anti‐inflammatory. For patients with severe OSAS, our hypothesis is to improve the quality of sleep (SLP rate) and a decrease in AHI and EDS through rehabilitation training (REE) associated with a comprehensive care (patient education, dietary, psychological, ...). On the pathophysiology, this improvement would be through a reduction of biological abnormalities associated with OSA are also markers of cardiovascular risk. Mainly metabolic disorders, oxidative stress and systemic inflammation. The dietary guidelines are essential for the management of this disease is the result for a large part of a healthy lifestyle deleterious. Weight loss, regular physical activity is also clearly recommended but unfortunately rarely performed and / or supported by our healthcare system. Few studies have focused on studying the effects of such treatment on sleep apneic patients. In normal subjects, the effects of exercise on sleep are described in a meta‐analysis (45). The practice of regular physical activity endurance improves quality of sleep (45‐47). Sleep latency is shorter, there is less change in stages and fewer awakenings and arousals from sleep. Unlike other studies show that in situations where physical activity is reduced (physical inactivity, obesity, or prolonged bed rest, for example) sleep deteriorates, breaks and daytime alertness decreases. The effect of exercise in OSAS (48,49) and especially the training in physical exercise (48) shows an improvement in sleep quality and reduction of awakenings and arousals from sleep and fewer respiratory events (IAH). Pathophysiological point of view, there is a decrease in concentrations of leptin (50‐53) and inflammatory cytokines (54‐55) in different populations of subjects (healthy, older, obese, or with heart failure). And the investigators know the effects of exercise on carbohydrate metabolism in particular (decreased insulin resistance).
study for healthy ageing; INTERVENTION: Product Name: Vitamin D3 Product Code: 5011574 Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule, soft INN or Proposed INN: COLECALCIFEROL CAS Number: 67‐97‐0 Concentration unit: IU international unit(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 1000‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Capsule, soft Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use Product Name: omega‐3‐Fatty‐acids Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule, soft INN or Proposed INN: Omega‐3 docosalhexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) Other descriptive name: OMEGA‐3‐ACID TRIGLYCERIDES Concentration unit: g gram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 0,5‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Capsule, soft Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use Product Name: Vitamin D3 / Omega‐3‐Fatty‐acids Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule, soft INN or Proposed INN: COLECALCIFEROL CAS Number: 67‐97‐0 Concentration unit: IU international unit(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 1000‐ INN or Proposed INN: Omega‐3 docosalhexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) Other descriptive name: OMEGA‐3‐ACID TRIGLYCERIDES Concentration unit: g gram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 0,5‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Capsule, soft Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use CONDITION: healthy ageing, functional decline Therapeutic area: Not possible to specify SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): Secondary Endpoints:; To support the primary endpoints and extend to other organ systems:; (1) Bone: incidence of hip fractures, incidence of new vertebral; fractures (vertebral morphometry obtained with DEXA measurements), incidence of total fractures – (DEXA measurements), risk of bone mineral density decrease in the spine and hip (assessed by DEXA measurements); (2) Muscle: rate of falling (rate of any low trauma fall, rate of; injurious falls, number of persons who fell), reaction time and grip; strength, incidence of muscle mass decrease at the upper and lower extremities (DEXA measurements), musculoskeletal pain, dual tasking 10 meter gait speed; (3) Cardiovascular: risk of incident hypertension; (4) Brain: mental health decline, incident depression, dual tasking; gait variability; (5) Immunity: rate of any upper respiratory infection, incident flu‐like illness, incident severe infections that lead to hospital admission ; (6) Bone/Cartilage: Arthritis: primary outcome for osteoarthritis will be severity of knee pain (KOOS) in those with symptomatic knee osteoarthritis, secondary outcomes for osteoarthritis will be: rate of knee buckling, NSAID use because of knee pain; number of joints with pain; (7) Dental: decline in oral health, tooth loss; (8) Gastro‐intestinal: gastro‐intestinal symptoms based on Rome III questionnaire; (9) Glucose‐metabolic: fasting glucose and insulin levels, QUICKI and HOMA index, body composition and increase in body fat in the trunk and extremities by DEXA; (10) Kidney: decline in kidney function – by blood creatinine levels; and estimated GFR; (11) Global Health: quality of life, incident frailty, incident disability; regarding activities of daily living, incident nursing home admissions, rate of acute hospital admissions, mortality; Exploratory Endpoints:; To support the primary endpoints, but have limited statistical power:; (1) Bone: Incident repeat fractures (any non‐vertebral in all; participants, vertebral fractures and total fractures among participants with IDXA measurements). Ancillary fracture healing study in all seniors with an incident major osteoporotic fractures at the arm (shoulder, humerus, forearm) and leg (hip, femur, ankle): (a) primary fracture healing endpoint: clinical; fracture healing (HAQ‐Promis questionnaire), (b) secondary fracture healing endpoint: observed functional fracture healing measured with the Short Physical Performance Test Battery and grip strength, (c) exploratory fracture healing endpoint: radiological fracture healing with independent assessment of early and late consolidation assessment based on standard x‐rays. ; (2) Muscle: incident sarcopenia, incident frailty, decline in physical; activity; (3) Cardiovascular: major cardiovascular events as a composite; endpoint (any event: myocardial infarction, stroke, vascularization; procedures of CABG and PCI, incident congestive heart disease,; cardiovascular mortality); individual endpoints: myocardial infarction, stroke, incident congestive heart disease, and cardiovascular mortality; (4) Brain: incident dementia; (5) Immunity: incident cancer (any cancer, gastro‐intestinal, breast; cancer in women, prostate cancer in men); rate of implant infections; after total hip or knee replacement (due to fracture or osteoarthritis);; rate of gastro‐intestinal infections; (6) Bone/Cartilage‐Arthritis: incident symptomatic knee; osteoarthritis; incident symptomatic hip osteoarthritis, incident; symptomatic hand osteoarthritis; composite endpoint: incident; symptomatic knee, hip or hand osteoarthritis; severity of hip pain in; those with prevalent symptomatic hip osteoarthritis, severity of hand; pain in those with prevalent symptomatic hand osteoarthritis; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: during the clinical visits at Baseline and after 12, 24, 36 months, some of the secondary endspoints (falls, fracture, infections) are evaluate during the telephone call every three months INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐ Mini Mental State Examination Score of at least 24 ‐ Living in the community ‐ Sufficiently mobile to come to the study centre, to walk 10 meters with or without walking aid and to get in and out of a chair without help ‐ Able to swallow study medication ‐ Able and willing to participate, sign informed consent (including consent to analyze all samples until withdrawal) and cooperate with study procedures Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) no F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range 2152 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: Broad Goals; The DO‐HEALTH trial is designed to establish evidence for the role of; vitamin D, omega‐3 fatty acids, and a simple exercise program, both; individually and as a combined intervention, in chronic disease; prevention at older age.; Objectives; Main Objectives:; • To improve healthy ageing in European seniors; • To reduce healthcare costs via the implementation of effective and broadly applicable disease prevention interventions Primary end point(s): Primary Endpoints:; (1) Bone: Incident non‐vertebral fractures over 36 months (confirmed by X‐ray or medical reports); (2) Muscle: Functional decline (assessed by Short Physical; Performance Test Battery); (3) Cardiovascular: Systolic and diastolic blood pressure change; (4) Brain: Cognitive decline (assessed by Mini Mental State; Examination); (5) Immunity: rate of any infection Secondary Objective: Scientific Objectives:; • To test whether 2000 IU vitamin D reduces risk of chronic disease in seniors compared to placebo; • To test whether 1 g of marine omega‐3 fatty acids (EPA+DHA) reduces the risk of chronic disease in seniors compared to placebo; • To test whether a simple home exercise program reduces the risk of chronic disease in seniors compared to control (sham exercise performed 30 minutes 3 times a week); • To test whether there is an additive value of the 3 interventions combined as a multi‐modal intervention in the reduction of chronic disease in seniors; • To assess the comparative effectiveness of the interventions and to test whether and to what degree adherence modulates the effect of the 3 interventions on risk reduction of chronic disease in seniors; • To assess the cost‐benefit of the 3 interventions individually and in combination as a multi‐modal intervention based on an objective health economic mode; ; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: The evaluation of the primary endpoints will perform at baseline and then at the annual visits including the final visit after three years. The numbers of infection will additional collect during the telephone calls every three months.
Clinical effect and mechanism of Fusu Yin on treating severe sepsis; Objectives: To study the dynamic changes and the corresponding clinical significance of serum concentrations of pro‐and anti‐inflmmatory cytokines, monocyte human leucyte antigen‐DR (HLA‐DR) , TLR2 and TLR4 mRNA expression inpatients with severe sepsis: To investigate pathogenic featrues of severe sepsis by analyzing TCM syndrome; and explore the efficacy of "fusu yin" in treating severe sepsis(SS) as well as its mechanisms from the view of immunomodification and regulating TLR2 and TLR4 mRNA expression , which may provide a new way and thought for the treatment of SS with the combination of Chinese midicine and western medicine, reducing the fatality of SS as well. Methods: Our study was performed at the First Affiliated Hospital of Guangzhou University of TCM. From April 2004 to November 2005 patients admitted to the intensive care unit (ICU), who fulfilled with ACCP/SCCM Consensus Conference criteria of severe sepsis were enrolled in this prospective study. Subjects in this study were randomly divided into group F and group A. 20 cases in group F were treated with Fusu yin capsule and routine western therapy, however 20 cases in group S were treared with placebo and routine western therapy. Another group of 15 healthy individuals were also included in the study as controls. Group A was divided into two subgroups according to the progrosis: survival group (n=9) and the death group (n=11). The traditional Chinese medical (TCM) features of the different symptom types in SS patients were investigated on admission. And on admission (before treatment ), on Days 3 and day7 after starts of treatment, Acute Physiology and CHronic Health Evaluation (APACHE II) scores were also recorded, then 10 ml peripheral blood samples were obtained from patients. The serum concentrations of TNF‐a¡¢IL‐6¡¢IL‐10 were measured by means of ELISA, HLA‐DR expresion was asseessed by means of flow cytometry, and the expression of TLR2 and TLR4 mRNA in monocyte were observed by method of RT PCR. Results: 1. The type of TCM syndrome: In SS patients, the percentage of the excess syndrome is 10%, which of the excess & deficiency syndrome is 85% and deficiency syndrome is 5%. Heat toxin¡¢comstipation¡¢blood stasis are the main pathogetic factors, and the deficiency of qi and yin was mostly seen in SS. 2. 28‐day all‐cause mortality: The mortality rate was 30% (6/20) in group F, while that of in group Awas 55% (11/20). There was a significant difference between two groups. 3. Changes of cytokines: On admission, patients with severe sepsis had significantily higher concentrations of all measured cytokines compared to normal controls (P<0.01) ,and therre is no significant difference between the two treatment group; On day 3, TNF‐s¡¢IL‐6 levels in group Fdecreased significantly (P<0.05.), while IL‐610 level had no remarkble change, the difference of TNF‐a¡¢IL‐6 levels between F and A group were significant (P<0.05); ON DAY 7 tthe level of TNF‐a¡¢IL ‐ 6 and IL‐10 in two groups declined, but the decreasing degree of concentrations in group A was slighter than that in group F, so there was aiso significantly different between two group .In accordance with progrosis, surviors had lower concentrations of all measured cytokines than nonsurviors an day3 and day7(P<0.05). 4.Monocyte HLA‐DR expression: On admission HLA‐DR expression were obviously lower in SS than those in normals (P<0.01), while there is no significant difference between the two treatment group. On day7 HLA‐DR expression in two treatment group were obviously higher (P<0.01). After treatment monocyte HLA‐DR expression in survivors increased remarkably, but there was no significant change in nonsurvivors. Survivor had highermonocyte HLA‐DR expression than nonsurvivors at the same time points(P<0.01). 5.monocyte TLR2 and TLR4 mRNA expression : On admission TLR2 AND tlr4 mRNA expression were less in SS patients than those in normal (P<0.01), and therre is also no significant difference between the two treatment group. After treatmnet TLR2 and TLR4 mRNA expression in group F increased remarkbly on day3, while these changes occured in groupA were lower than those in group F on day3 and day7. TLR2 and TLR4 mRNA expression in urvivors reached normal levles on day7(P>0.05), but there was no significant increase in nonsurvivors. It was found that mRNA expression was higher in survivors than in nonsurvivors at every observation points(P<0.01). 6.APACHE II score: Befre treatmnet there is no significant diffference between group Fwith group A. Scores hadd a decrease trend declined in two groups during the treatment. On day3 and day7, compared ith groupA, scores declined significantly in group F(P<0.01). APACHE II scores gradually decreases with the patients' condition improved, vice verse. Nonsurvivors had higher scores from day 3 after treatmnent than survivors (P<0.05). 7.Correlation analysis: At the same time points, there was a siginificant positive correlation between APACHE II score and serum cytokine concentrations (P<0.05), in addition, TLR2 mRNA expression was also positively correlated with monocyte HLA‐DR expression (P<0.01), so as TLR4 mRNA expression (P<0.01). Conclusions: 1. Based on the analysis of TCM syndrome and tutor's clinical experiences, we believe tha the pathogenic feature is deficiency in origin and excess in superficiality. It is to say the fundamental is the deficiency in origin and excess in superficiality. It is to say the fundamenetal is the deficiency of qi and yin, while the superficiality is heat¡¢toxin¡¢blood stasis, whicn manifests body resistance weakened and pathogenic factors prevailing, so streangthening healthy qi to eliminate pathogentic factors is identified as the basic therapeutic priciple. We bring forward therapeutic principles, such as "tonifying qi and yin, clearing away heat‐toxin, promoting blood circulation to dissipate blood stasis, removing stasis by purgation". 2¡¢Combined the syndrome differentIATION of TCM with APACHE II scorre may help to describe the condition of patients with SS more objectively. 3¡¢Significantly lower HLA‐DR expression was found in the patients with SS,while the serum concentrations of pro‐and anti‐inflammatory cytokines were higher than those in healthy controls, which was associated with increased moetality. Our study demonstrated patients with SS were in a status of immunological disturbance which is characteristics by specific depression of immune function and nonspecific increase activition of inflemmatory reaction. Higher APACHE II score indicates worse patients' condition, poorer outcome and higher mortality rate. Dynamic monitoring aerum concentrations of cytokines and HLA‐DR expression, which especially combiend witn APACHE II score, would be helpful to evaluating the condition and prognosis of patients with SS. 4¡¢Decreased TLR2 and TLR4 mRNA expression were closely associated with patients' poor outcome. And there were significant positive coorrelations between TLR2/4 mRNA expression and monocyte HLA‐DR expression (P<0.01), which suggests TLR2/4 mRNA expression may reflect host' immune status to a certain extent. 5¡¢It could effectively regulate immune function, alleviate symptoms, decrease the mortality and regulate immune function, alleviate symptoms, decrease the mortality and improve the prognosis of SS patients by using Fusu yin capsule and the conventional western therapy. The mechanism may be related to decreasing levels of pro‐and anti‐inflammatory cytokines, up‐regulating the monocyte HLA‐DR expression, TLR2 and TLR4 mRna expressing as well as strenthening the host's response to stress.
Lumbosacral radicular pain due to disc herniation; Lumbosacral radicular (LSR) pain is characterized by low back pain irradiating into the leg. In patients under the age of 50 the most important cause of LSR pain is a disc herniation. 1 Disc herniation is commonly classified as contained or extruded herniation. Contained herniation can be defined as a herniation with a broad base, which is still limited within the posterior longitudinal ligament. Extruded herniation is a herniation that breaks through this ligament. 2 Radicular pain is thought to be caused by pressure exerted by the herniation on the dorsal root ganglion. The nucleus pulposus material that spills onto the dorsal root ganglion was demonstrated to induce an inflammatory reaction. 3 The dermatomal distribution of pain provides an indication for the causative level.1 Lumbosacral radicular pain has in 60% to 80% of the patients a favorable evolution. The pain spontaneously improves considerably or even disappears completely within 6 to 12 weeks 2. Diagnosis Lumbosacral radicular pain is pain that may be experienced as sharp, piercing, throbbing or burning. Pain caused by a herniated disc classically increases by bending forward, sitting, coughing, or (excessive) stress on the lumbar discs and can be avoided by lying down or sometimes by walking. 4 The most frequently used clinical test for LSR is the Lasègue or the straight leg raising test. The patient lies in supine position on the examination table and the examiner raises the leg. If radicular pain can be elicited under 60‐, there is a large chance that a lumbar herniated disc is present. Though this test has a high sensitivity the specificity is low. Magnetic resonance imaging is the preferred medical imaging method because of the better visualization of the soft tissue and the lower radiation dose compared to computed tomography 5 The specificity of CT‐scan and MRI is very low, because disc herniation was found in 20% to 36% of asymptomatic patients. A resolution of the symptoms has been reported without concordant reduction of the hernia size. 6‐8 Confirmation of the level can be obtained by means of a selective segmental nerve block. 2 The involvement of the disc should, however, be confirmed by provocative discography, preferentially with manometric control. 3, 9 After placement of a hollow needle into the middle of the nucleus pulposus it is connected to a contrast delivery system which can measure the intradiscal pressure. The patient should experience concordant pain. The IASP and ISIS guidelines for defining discogenic pain are based on the outcome of manometric controlled provocative discography. When the concordant pain is produced at less than 15 psi above the opening pressure and stimulation of two adjacent levels is not painful, it is classified as ''absolute discogenic pain''. When the concordant pain is produced at less than 15 psi above the opening pressure and stimulation of one adjacent level is not painful, it is classified as ''highly probable discogenic pain''. When the concordant pain is produced at less than 50 psi above the opening pressure and stimulation of two adjacent levels is not painful, it is classified as ''discogenic pain''. ''Possible discogenic pain'' is defined as elicitation of concordant pain at a pressure of less than 50 psi above the opening level and stimulation of one adjacent level is not painful but stimulation of another disc is painful at more than 50 psi above the opening pressure and the pain is discordant. A prospective, match‐cohort study showed that persons who underwent a discography showed significantly greater loss of disc height in the discography group compared to the control group at 10 years follow‐up. Moreover, progression of disc degeneration was noted in 54% of the discography group compared to 14 % in the control group. More new disc herniations were observed in the discography group. They were disproportionally found on the side of the annular puncture. 10 Therefore the authors recommend careful consideration of risk and benefit when using procedures that involve disc puncture for diagnostic and even for therapeutic reasons. Treatment Pharmacological The natural evolution of the disease justifies a conservative approach. In the acute phase the use of Non‐Steroidal Anti‐Inflammatory Drugs or Cox‐2 inhibitors may be considered because of their superior effect compared with placebo.11, 12 In case of chronic radicular pain due to disc herniation, treatment should first try the pharmacological approach. Because of the neuropathic character of lumbosacral radicular pain the treatment guidelines for the pharmacological management of neuropathic pain can be followed. 13 There is, however, little evidence specifically for the pharmacological treatment of lumbosacral radicular pain. Epidural corticosteroid administration The inflammatory compound of the lumbosacral radicular pain, potentially due to leakage of nucleus pulposus material onto the dorsal root ganglion can be managed by epidural administration of corticosteroids, thus bringing these anti‐inflammatory compound as close as possible to the inflamed nerve root. Lumbar epidural drug administration can be performed by the interlaminar, the transforaminal or the caudal route. The evidence for interlaminar corticosteroid administration was assessed in several systematic reviews. The number needed to treat (NNT) for 50% pain reduction in the short term (1day‐3 months) was calculated to be 3, for the long‐term (3 months to 1 year) however the NNT was 13.14 Two other systematic reviews also concludes that the effect of interlaminar epidural corticosteroid administration was of short duration.15, 16 The transforaminal approach allows a more precise administration of the corticosteroid to the inflamed nerve root. Randomized controlled trials show mixed results. Patients who were scheduled for surgery were randomly assigned to receive either local anesthetic alone or local anesthetic with corticosteroid transforaminal epidural injections. At follow‐up (13 to 28 months) 20 out of the 28 patients in the local anesthetic with corticosteroid decided not to undergo surgery. This was the case for 9 out of the 27 patients who received local anesthetic alone.17 In a 5‐years follow‐up study it was shown that 81% of the patients who were not operated one year after the epidural infiltration did not require surgery within the 5 years follow‐up. 18 In patients with disc herniation the transforaminal epidural injection of corticosteroid was superior to trigger point injections.19 Patients with MRI proven disc herniation were randomly allocated to receive transforaminal epidural local anesthetic with corticosteroid or normal saline. At two weeks after treatment patients in the corticosteroid group were better than in the saline group. This was, however inversed after 3 to 6 months, because a rebound effect was observed in the corticosteroid group.20 A sub analysis of the results of patients with a contained herniation and those with an extruded herniation showed that in the group with contained herniation corticosteroid injection provided superior results to placebo while in the group with extruded herniation the placebo group was better. 21 The three different administration possibilities were compared in a randomized controlled trial as treatment for patients with radicular pain due to disc herniation. The transforaminal administration gave the better results. 22 In patients with MRI confirmed blind interlaminar corticosteroid injection was compared to radio‐guided transforaminal injection. At 30 days the pain relief was significantly better in the transforaminal group. Six months after treatment patients' response to a mailed questionnaire showed better results for transforaminal injection concerning pain, daily activities, work and leisure activities and anxiety and depression, with a decline in the Roland‐ Morris score.23 (Pulsed) radiofrequency treatment adjacent to the dorsal root ganglion The effect of radiofrequency (RF) heat treatment adjacent to the lumbar dorsal root ganglion was compared to sham intervention in a well‐designed randomized controlled trial. The superiority of RF treatment could not be demonstrated. 24 Pulsed radiofrequency treatment (PRF) is an alternative way of administering high frequency current where each active period is followed by a silent period, allowing the heat produced at the electrode tip to be washed out. In this way the temperature at the electrode tip stays beneath the neurodestructive level of 42°C. 25 PRF treatment adjacent to the lumbar DRG was studied in retrospective and prospective trials for the management of lumbosacral radicular pain. All studies showed an improvement of the painful condition. 26, 27, 28, 29. In one study the effect of PRF adjacent to the DRG was studied according to the etiology. In patients with disc herniation and spinal stenosis PRF treatment resulted in a significant pain reduction. Patients with the failed back surgery syndrome did, however, not experience improvement. 28 Percutaneous treatment Intradiscal injections Corticosteroids, local anesthetics, normal saline, glucosamine, chondroitin sulfate, hypertonic dextrose and demethylsulfoxide were injected intradiscally. The results are mixed and do not allow formulating guidelines regarding these treatment options.9 Annuloplasty Annuloplasty uses heat application to the annulus fibrosus, thus inducing shrinkage and repair of small annular tears, that may be caused by small disc herniation. Besides the heat destroys newly formed nerves in the damaged disc zone. 9 There are several ways to apply heat to the annulus. Intradiscal electrothermal therapy (IDET) IDET uses an thermocoil percutaneously inserted into the disc.
Chloroquine and Post Malaria Anaemia Study; Pathogenesis of Malaria Anaemia Macrophages and Malaria Anaemia Macrophages are responsible for the removal of senescent red blood cells from the body. They process these erythrocytes to release the heme iron which is then transported to the peripheral tissues including the bone marrow. The mononuclear phagocyte system plays two major roles in iron metabolism (18) ‐ iron recycling from senescent erythrocytes and serving as a large storage depot for excess iron. This macrophageal recycling accounts for most of the 20‐24mg of iron required daily for haemoglobin production. The cytokines released as part of the body's response to infection with Plasmodium cause the macrophages to release oxygen and nitrogen radicals leading to oxidative damage to parasitized and non‐parasitized red blood cells, enhancing their removal from the circulation and contributing to anaemia (19). In addition, malaria‐induced inflammation impedes release of iron from the macrophage‐monocyte system hampering the supply of iron to the erythropoietic tissues. This causes considerable delocalisation of iron within the macrophage/monocyte system which makes iron unavailable to the marrow cells for erythropoiesis (18). The clinical practice of administration of iron for malaria anaemia is a result of the observation that serum iron is often low in such patients, as demonstrated in several animal and human studies (20,21). That the hypoferraemia observed in malaria could be largely due to iron sequestration in the macrophages is supported by reports of decreased peripheral iron levels despite normal or increased bone marrow iron (22,23). Presently, there are no clear guidelines on the management of children with mild malaria anaemia. Mild anaemia in malaria endemic areas is likely due to either or both malaria and iron deficiency but distinguishing the iron delocalization of malaria from iron deficiency is difficult. It is important to optimize a child's iron nutrition to promote optimal cognitive development (29); however iron supplementation of this group is potentially dangerous hence the urgent need for alternative management strategies for a very common clinical scenario in Africa. Such interventions should take into consideration the complex pathogenesis of malaria anaemia including the mechanisms of iron flux and macrophageal iron delocalization during Plasmodium falciparum infection. It is likely that reduction of malaria‐induced macrophageal iron sequestration and inflammation will enhance erythropoietic recovery post‐malaria. We hypothesize that the anti‐inflammatory, anti‐macrophageal iron loading and anti‐malarial effects of chloroquine could make it a useful drug in the management of mild post malaria anaemia by reducing macrophageal iron sequestration and interrupting the malaria‐induced inflammatory process. Chloroquine and iron metabolism Although the role of chloroquine in iron metabolism is still poorly understood, it is likely that many of the effects of chloroquine result from the interference with intracellular free iron. Chloroquine, a weak base, accumulates in acid intracellular compartments increasing the intracellular pH. Legssyer and co‐workers have shown that chloroquine significantly reduces incorporation of iron into the liver (20% reduction), spleen (20%) and alveolar (400%) macrophages of rats loaded in vivo with iron dextran40. Although the pathogenesis of malaria anaemia is not completely understood (1), mechanisms that have been proposed include immune and non‐immune‐mediated hemolysis of parasitized and non‐parasitized red blood cells, bone marrow dysfunction and iron delocalisation (2‐4). Plasmodium falciparum infection is associated with changes in the cell membranes of infected and uninfected erythrocytes causing alterations in membrane permeability and susceptibility to early hemolysis. It is also associated with bone marrow dysfunction probably due to malaria‐induced abnormalities in erythroid progenitors, CFU‐e and BFU‐e (5,6). Jason et a (l7) have shown that malaria exerts a pro‐inflammatory immune response in children and is associated with release of cytokines which act at various levels of the erythropoietic pathway to cause anaemia. These cytokines include human tumour necrosis factor (TNF)(8), interleukin (IL)‐12, IL‐10, IL‐6 and IL‐4 (7,9), and interferon‐γ (IFN‐γ) (9). In addition to the absolute concentrations of the cytokines, the balance between opposing anti‐ and pro‐inflammatory responses may determine the clinical characteristics of malaria, including the level of anaemia (7) e.g. high TNF/IL‐10 ratio may contribute to the reversible bone marrow suppression seen in malaria patients (10,11). Several investigators have reported the persistence of a fall in haemoglobin after successful treatment of malaria1 (2). Although the precise mechanism for this persistent anaemia is unclear, it is likely to be multifactorial. Studies conducted among Gambian children1 (3), French adults (14), and Thai adults (15) show that cytokine levels remain elevated for one to four weeks after a successful treatment for malaria; and Camacho et al (12) reported more than 80% of Thai adults with malaria had persisting anaemia on days 7, 14, and 21 after successful treatment, while 55% were still anaemic on day 28. On day 28, 46% of these subjects had hypoproliferative erythropoiesis while 7% had ineffective erythropoiesis (12). Although the study did not explore the mechanisms behind these findings, it is likely that persisting elevation of inflammatory cytokines reported by earlier workers (13‐15) could be contributory. Greenberg and colleagues (16) have suggested that unusually strong and prolonged Th‐1 response in conjunction with an inadequately developed Th‐2 response may contribute to persistent anaemia after clearance of parasitaemia. Other workers have reported that persistent microscopically undetectable parasitaemia following successful treatment with an antimalarial was associated with protracted bone marrow suppression (17). The anti‐anaemic effects of chloroquine have been reported by a number of clinical studies. Salihu and colleagues41 reported a significant anti‐anaemia effect of chloroquine given weekly to pregnant women in Cameroon compared to women not given any prophylaxis, even after controlling for possible confounders. Other studies among pregnant women in Cameroon (42), Burkina Faso (42), Uganda (43) and Thailand (44) all showed significant benefit of weekly chloroquine on maternal haemoglobin levels compared to controls. Although these studies were carried out on pregnant women, it is likely that similar benefits will occur in children. Iron supplementation versus macrophageal iron mobilization The recent controversy regarding routine iron supplementation of children in malaria endemic areas with high prevalence of anaemia has further highlighted the need for alternative therapeutic regimens in children with malaria‐associated anaemia. The genesis of the 'iron supplementation controversy' arose from several reports of increased morbidity and mortality from malaria and other infections in children from malaria endemic regions supplemented with iron. Recent evidence (reviewed by Prentice et al, Position paper for WHO Expert Consultation, Lyon, June 2006) suggests that the risk of adverse outcomes is less in more anaemic children. However, a growing body of evidence points to the poor rationale for giving iron supplements to children with mild malaria anaemia. First, during acute malaria, there is reduced iron absorption (Doherty et al. submitted, AJCN, 2006) and at least initially, erythropoietic iron supply is likely to come from reticuloendothelial macrophages rather than iron supplements. Secondly, the hypoferreamia associated with malaria has been shown to be due to iron delocalisation rather than absolute iron lack, reviewed in 18. Finally, a number of studies have found little or no benefit of giving iron supplements to children with malaria anaemia compared to other alternative regimens (24‐27). While the management of moderate to severe malaria anaemia (Hb <80g/L) is not in contention, the management of mild anaemia remains an enigma because iron supplementation in these children, apart from providing questionable benefit, might in fact be harmful. Results from a large clinical trial of routine iron supplementation of children in an area of both iron deficiency and malaria transmission in Tanzania showed that among 24,076 children recruited those who received iron and folic acid, with or without zinc, were significantly more likely to die or experience adverse events than children who did not receive iron and folic acid (28). **Additional information: During the course of the study, the Gambian Government changed the antimalarial drug policy making artemisinine the first line antimalarial and discontinuing the use of chloroquine. We were therefore forced to alter the protocol to remove the initial chloroquine treatment. Chloroquine as a macrophageal iron mobilization agent Although resistance has reduced its effectiveness in the prevention and treatment of malaria, the non‐antimalarial pharmacological properties of chloroquine make it a potentially useful therapeutic agent for other conditions. Chloroquine has antipyretic and anti‐inflammatory properties (30‐32). Chloroquine exerts a steroid‐sparing effect (33), and inhibits the replication of a number of viruses such as HSV‐1 virus (34), HIV‐1 and several AIDS related opportunistic microorganisms (35,36). By inhibiting phospholipase A2 and tumour necrosis factor, chloroquine acts as an immunomodulator (37,38); and also acts as a lysosome‐stabilizing agent. Clinically, chloroquine is used as a second line anti‐inflammatory drug in chronic conditions like rheumatoid arthritis (39). Chloroquine and post malaria anaemia Chloroquine (CQ) may likely have three effects at different time points during the erythropoietic response to malaria. Firstly it may block the acute incorporation of iron into reticuloendothelial macrophages during clinical malaria associated with haemolysis and iron delocalization. Secondly it may have an anti‐inflammatory effect. Increased serum levels of TNF‐α, IFN‐γ and nitric oxide depress erythropoiesis via bone marrow depression, dyserythropoiesis and erythrophagocytosis. Continuing inflammation after a malarial event may contribute to the slow resolution of anaemia (13‐15) and chloroquine's anti‐inflammatory effect might be a useful adjunctive therapy to continue to utilize after its initial antimalarial effect. Lastly chloroquine will have a continuing direct anti‐malarial effect to both clear microscopically undetectable persistent infection and prevent further episodes until haematological recovery is optimized. Aim of Study and Hypothesis to be tested In exploring the effect of chloroquine on post malaria anaemia, we hypothesize that post‐malarial CQ improves erythropoietic recovery after standard malarial treatment. We further hypothesize that post‐malarial CQ improves erythropoietic recovery after co‐artemether treatment, by a mechanism other than its anti‐malarial effect in controlling residual parasitaemia. To test these hypotheses, we plan to randomize children (aged 12 months to 6 years) with acute malaria to receive either standard anti‐malarial treatment (chloroquine plus sulphadoxine/pyrimethamine) or artemisinine combination therapy. Three days after commencement of antimalarial treatment, the children in each of the two arms, whose parasites have been cleared, will be randomised to receive either weekly chloroquine or weekly placebo. By comparing the curve of haemoglobin change between day 3 and day 30 in the placebo arms of the two groups, we will test the effect of chloroquine vs. ACT treatment on macrophageal iron loading and release in acute clinical malaria. By comparing the haemoglobin change between day 3 and day 90 between the weekly chloroquine arms and the weekly placebo arms we will test the longer‐term anti‐inflammatory and anti‐ malarial effects of weekly chloroquine prophylaxis. In addition to the primary endpoint (haemoglobin change), we plan to assess potential mechanisms of action by determining parasite clearance by PCR detection, peripheral cytokine production (& markers of inflammation), and indicators of monocyte iron loading and iron flux.
Combined Analgesia to Control Pain in Children Seen in Emergency Department (ED) for a Trauma of a Limb; Children's pain in Emergency Departments (ED) is poorly managed even though pain is one of the main symptoms of children consulting to the ED (Alexander et al., 2003; O'Donnell et al., 2002). Literature has repeatedly demonstrated the provision of analgesia to be suboptimal in the pediatric population in general. Friedland & Kulick (1994) reviewed medical records of 99 children with acute fractures assumed to be painful and found that only 53% received analgesia. Southall et al. (1993) showed that of 181 invasive procedures performed on children receiving intensive care, only 50 (28%) received additional analgesia or sedation and during 36 of these procedures the child grimaced or cried (In Maurice et al., 2002). Pain management practices by nurses and doctors in the emergency department (ED) are poor. Selbst & Clark (1990) noted that children (< 19 years) presenting with painful conditions in ED were much less likely to receive pain medications than adults (p = .001). Moreover, children were also less likely than adults to receive analgesics at discharge (p < .001). The authors concluded by mentioning that pediatricians and emergency physicians are reluctant to use analgesics for children in pain and needed additional education about management of acute pain. Recently, Brown et al. (2003) obtained similar results in a comparative chart review of adults and children presenting to the ED with a diagnostic of fracture. According to their results, children were least likely to receive any analgesics especially opioids. Compared with adults, a lower proportion (54%) of children (< 15 years) received an opioid (p < .001). Moreover, results of the PAMPER study (Le May et al., 2005; Le May et al., 2007) revealed that on 150 children who presented themselves in ED for either a fracture, a severe sprain, a burn, an acute abdomen or deep lacerations, nurses and physicians only documented pain on 58% (87/150) of these children, even though these diagnoses are known to generate moderate to severe pain (> 4/10). Treatment of children presenting to the ED with a simple fracture is also poorly managed. Results from the same study showed that only 4 children out of 28 (14%) who presented to the ED with a simple fracture received an analgesic. Kennedy (2004) and Mehlisc (2002) propose the use of a combination of analgesics (opioid and non‐steroidal inflammatory drug‐NSAID) to better relieve children's pain generated by a musculoskeletal trauma. Their rationale is based on the potential of the NSAID to block pain impulses peripherically and decrease edema and the potential for the opioid to block pain at the level of the nervous central system. Finally, very few studies verified the efficacy of a combination of analgesics to relieve the pain generated by a limb trauma. An exhausted review of the literature did not retrieve any study comparing the efficacy of a combination of codeine and ibuprofen with ibuprofen alone to relieve musculoskeletal pain of children consulting to the ED. Design: Randomized controlled trial (double blind) with the experimental group receiving codeine + ibuprofen and the control group receiving ibuprofen + placebo. Single site study. A checklist will be used to evaluate the incidence of common side effects that might be experienced following the administration of an opioid. Sample: Randomized sample of 200 children presenting to the ED with an injured limb. Setting: The ED of Ste. Justine's University Health Centre in Montreal. The following outcomes will be used to measure the achievement of the objectives: Main outcomes: Pain intensity at 60 min (T‐2) and 90 min. (T‐3) following administration of the medication compared to pain intensity at triage (T‐1). Secondary outcomes: Incidence of side effects at 60, 90 and 120 min. (T‐4) following medication administration. Efficacy of several medications has been verified to relieve pain of limb injuries in children consulting to the ED. Results of those studies show that ibuprofen was effective to relieve pain. But, most of these studies had a small sample size which affects their power to generalize their results (Koller et al., 2007; Tanabe et al. 2002). Only the RCT performed by Clark et al. (2007) demonstrated that ibuprofen (10 mg/kg) was more effective, at 60‐minute post‐administration, than both acetaminophen 15 mg/kg) and codeine (1 mg/kg) alone, to relieve children's pain following a musculoskeletal trauma. This trial had a total sample of 300 patients under 18‐year with 100 patients per group. Nevertheless, only 52% of the group of children who received ibuprofen considered that their pain was well managed. On the other hand, it is important to specify that we are aware that codeine is pro‐drug and necessitates the co‐enzyme 2D6 of the CYP 450 to release morphine the analgesic component. Close to 12% of the Caucasian population do not have this co‐enzyme, so codeine is not effective to relieve their pain (Williams et al., 2002). Nevertheless, since it is not part of the emergency physicians' practices at our ED to prescribe an opioid for a limb trauma, we needed evidence‐based data to prove that a combination of medication would help decrease pain intensity. Further, this study is the first done at our ED using a combination of analgesics implying an opioid, so we needed to start with a weaker and safer opioid such as codeine. Instruments :Pain will be measured with a Verbal Analogue Scale (VAS). The VAS is a sliding scale divided from 0 mm (absence of pain) to 100 mm (worst pain experienced). The VAS was used in several clinical trials with children and is considered valid for children over 6 years (Clark et al., 2007; Giannoni et al., 2002; Warnock & Lander, 1998; Elhakim et al., 2003; Tyler et al., 1993). Sample size calculation: The sample size was estimated according to the minimal difference required on the VAS for a significant clinical value. A difference of 15 mm with a standard deviation of 25 mm will be considered clinically significant (Clark et al., 2007). Since we have two groups and four different measuring times, we chose an alpha of 0,01 (bilateral). A sample of 67 children in both experimental and control groups was considered sufficient to detect a difference of 15 mm between each group, with a power of 80%. Our final sample size will be 100 children per group considering a dropping rate of 40%. Since Ste‐Justine's ED handles close to 5000 cases of limb trauma per year, it is reasonable to estimate that we will be able to recruit 200 patients over a period of 12 months during the day and evening shifts and on week days only. Inclusion criteria: 1) 6 to 18 y.o., 2) pain intensity > 30 mm, 3) understand, read and/or speak French or English, 4) injury within the last 24 hrs, 5) trauma to a limb without significant angulation (< 30 degrees). Exclusion criteria: 1) allergies to opioids, ibuprofen and food coloring, 2) children suffering from asthma, 3) children presenting in a critical state, 4) social and physical abuse cases, 5) children with cognitive deficits (autism), 6) children with multiple traumas, 7) children suffering from chronic pain, 8) Children who received an analgesic within the past six hours. Interventions and double blind procedure: The randomized sequence will be generated by a computer program managed by a pharmacist independent of the study. Children allocated to the experimental group will receive a syrup of codeine and chewable tablets of ibuprofen. The children in the control group will receive a syrup containing a placebo and chewable tablets of ibuprofen. Pain will be measured at triage (before medication administration)‐T1, at 60 minutes post‐administration‐T2, at 90 minutes‐T3, and at 120 minutes‐T4. Side effects and vital signs including saturation will be measured by the research nurse at each measuring time of the study. For security purposes, a standardized protocol will be elaborated if ever a child presents severe sedation, respiratory depression, nausea/vomiting following the administration of the medication. Data collection and representativeness of the sample: Research nurses associated with this project will collect data from 12h00 to 20h00 on week days with a possibility of collecting data one week end per month during the same period of time. Children presenting after 10h00 in the ED will be considered for the study. Each recruited participant will be registered on a log sheet (screening log) where all the required information will be registered and the patient will receive a code for confidential purposes. Also, patients refusing to participate or patients presenting outside of the hours allocated for data collection will be registered in a different log (Log RMO‐ Refusal, Missed, Other) where we will register the chart number, the name of the patient, sex, age, date of visit, reason for consultation and reason why the patient refused or missed. Statistical analyses: Descriptive statistics will be presented on sociodemographic variables for each group. A covariant model with repeated measures will be used to verify the variation of pain intensity among the groups and over the times of the study. The model will include a Time variable (T‐1 to T‐4), a Group variable (experimental and control), initial pain intensity at triage (T‐1), presence of parents, and use of non‐pharmacological methods. Comparisons will be done with an alpha of 0,01. Incidence of side effects among the groups will be compared using chi‐squared tests. Finally, intention to treat analyses will be performed on participants randomized, who received the medication, and left the study afterwards.
Propofol Injection for Daily Headache; Chronic daily headache (CDH) is a common and extremely disabling pain syndrome with a recent estimated point prevalence of 2.98% of the general population1 Other studies estimate a prevalence of 4.1% and 4.7% with a higher prevalence in women of 9%.2,3 The condition is disabling and is a major cause of loss of function and work capacity resulting in significant personal and national economic loss4 Therapeutic options for treating chronic headache disorders are legion and diverse and there is a steady stream of publications advocating novel therapies. Pharmacological options that have been advocated include: sodium valproate, olanzapine, tricyclic and Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitor antidepressants, tizanidine, butalbital, nefazodone, baclofen, prochlorperazine, intravenous lignocaine, dihydroergotamine, opioids, monoamine oxidase inhibitors, triptans, botulinum toxin, cryotherapy and analgesic withdrawal5‐20 There is much debate as to why headache treatments fail and it is proposed that the choice of an inappropriate agent is a significant reason in some patients21 On the basis of a small number of studies intravenous propofol has now been advocated for the treatment of chronic daily headache22‐24 It seems fair to conclude that the existing strife to promote propofol as an effective intervention for treating CDH in the absence of a randomized controlled trial merely reflects the lack of a single good treatment option for this condition. It is, furthermore, reasonable to speculate that the beneficial effect seen with propofol is a placebo response. Krusz et al reports the effects of subanesthetic doses of intravenous propofol on chronic migraine in a cohort of 77 subjects in an open‐label study22 Propofol was administered by intermittent boluses; the average dose used was 110mg. It is reported that 63 out of 77 patients reported complete abolition of their headache with an average time of 20 ‐ 30 minutes of propofol treatment. The range of propofol doses used is however not clearly stated and there was no assessment of the intervention beyond 24 hours. In this study lidocaine was mixed with propofol to reduce the pain of injection but it could not be said with any certainty that lidocaine itself has no effect on headache. Mendes et al retrospectively reports 21 independent treatments of propofol in 18 patients suffering primary and secondary chronic daily headache over a 1 year period 23 Subanesthetic doses of propofol were administered by intermittent intravenous boluses 20 ‐ 30mg every 3 to 5 minutes (range 60 ‐ 380 mg). 6 patients reported complete relief of pain with the treatment, 1 patient had no pain relief; on average patients reported a 58.92% decrease in pain using a 0 ‐ 10 scale. It is reported that 8 patients' headache cycles were broken when followed up several days later but no information is available on the longer term impact of these interventions. In these two studies there appears to have been good tolerance of propofol and no significant adverse events. Drummond ‐ Lewis reports 2 hospitalized patients with refractory migraine who were treated with anesthetic bolus doses of propofol (0.5 ‐ 1mg / kg) with reported success 24. The authors comment there is uncertainty as to the most effective dose of propofol for this treatment. Hypothesis A single subanesthetic dose of propofol will result in improved pain and quality of life for the next 30 days in persons with chronic daily headache (CDH) Study Site The Chronic Pain Centre 1A1 Walter Mackenzie Health Sciences Centre, University of Alberta, Edmonton. Alberta, T6G 2B7. Tel: 780 407 8638. Methods Ethics approval for this study will be sought from the local institutional ethics board and Health Canada. Inclusion criteria ‐ Previously investigated to exclude serious treatable pathology. Propofol is a safe modern, non‐barbiturate intravenous anesthetic induction agent that was introduced into clinical anesthesia in 1977. It has established its place in practice because of its many ideal characteristics; it causes rapid and smooth loss of consciousness and rapid recovery, making it an ideal agent for day‐case procedures25,26 There is extensive use of propofol as an intravenous sedative for procedures such as endoscopy, electroconvulsive therapy, cardioversion and for longer term sedation in the intensive care unit.27,28 Propofol has useful antiemetic properties and is known to be anti‐epileptic and antipruritic.29 Although propofol can cause pain on intravenous injection there are several strategies to reduce this problem.30 There are reports of rare fatalities associated with high doses of propofol and reports of pancreatitis after single doses.31,32 Propofol (2,6 di‐isopropylphenol) is available as an emulsion of 1 % propofol in 10% soyabean oil, 2% glycerol and 1.2% egg phosphatide. Doses up to 2.5mg / kg are used for induction of anesthesia and doses up to 200ug / kg /min are used for sedation purposes.33 It remains uncertain how propofol might exert its action in relieving headache. Propofol is known to stimulate gamma ‐ aminobutyric acid‐ A (GABA‐A) receptors by enhancing channel opening34 It has been shown that other GABA ergic drugs including sodium valproate, gabapentin and topiramate have a place in the treatment of migraine and it is speculated that propofol might be work in a similar way.35 Nonetheless, it is known that propofol has other important pharmacological activity including N‐methyl‐d‐aspartate receptor antagonism, sympathetic inhibition, stimulation of nitric oxide production, calcium channel inhibition and modulation of prostaglandin E2 hyperalgesia.36‐39 We propose that it is premature to speculate on the action of propofol in headache without clear evidence of efficacy. There is ongoing discussion as to what is a good definition of chronic daily headache; this is a term that is not defined by the International Classification of Headache Disorders (ICHD)40 This is a potential impediment to research. It has been proposed that chronic daily headache can be subclassified into primary headache that includes transformed migraine (TM), chronic tension‐type headache (CTTH), hemicrania continua (HC) and new daily persistent headache (NDPH)41 Secondary CDH has an identifiable underlying cause e.g. post traumatic, cervical spine disorders, vascular disorders, chronic meningitis, idiopathic intracranial hypertension, temporamandibular joint dysfunction and sinus disorders. Silberstein et al highlighted that not all chronic daily headaches can be classified according to the ICHD; however, in 1996 they managed to completely sub‐classified a population of CDH sufferers into those with transformed migraine (TM) 78%, chronic tension‐type headache (CTTH) 15.3% and "other" 6.7%.42 Silberstein defined chronic daily headache as headaches that last for more than 4 hours a day for more than 15 days a month and this definition is used in their later study of propofol and headache. This definition becomes perhaps less crucial when dealing with a population of patients who suffer intractable continuous headache; this tends to be the characteristic of patients who are already known to us at the University of Alberta Hospital Pain Centre. ‐ On the basis of the pre‐randomization headache diary: the average pain intensity during each episode should be at least 5 /10 on the Numerical Rating Scale (NRS) on 4 days out of 7. ‐ Quality of life and function should be impaired as evidenced by a (pre‐randomization) Headache Disability Index (HDI) of at least 40. Exclusion criteria History of the following: ‐ Known or suspected allergy to propofol, intralipid or midazolam, Significance and importance Although it is reasonably argued that propofol sedation can be administered safely by non‐anesthetists, there is still the possibility of serious airway complications and cardiorespiratory depression.43 The administration of propofol should not be undertaken lightly and certainly not used for an indication that has not been subject to rigorous trial. Previous studies of propofol and headache have only examined the short‐ term impact of this intervention on pain scores. The study proposed here looks at the effect of this treatment on pain and quality of life over a longer period ‐ 30 days. If subanesthetic doses of propofol are found to be effective in reducing chronic daily headache we become armed with a relatively safe non‐ narcotic intervention for this extremely disabling disorder that could be provided at a variety of centres e.g., emergency rooms, pain clinics, neurological facilities. In view of the reluctance by some emergency departments to administer narcotics for chronic headache we speculate that emergency departments may be more willing to provide this treatment than narcotics.44 Specific objectives To measure the effect of a single infusion of propofol at 40 mcg / kg / minute over 60 mins on headache‐related quality of life (measured by the Headache Disability Index) and on headache severity (measured by the Headache Index) in subjects with chronic daily headache over 30 days45‐47 ‐ Adult subjects (18‐65 years) with CDH by the criteria of Silberstein and Lipton.41 i.e. on the basis of pre‐randomization history suffer chronic headaches lasting more than 4 hours a day for more than 15 days a month. ‐ In emergency or life‐threatening situations, ‐ Those having language barriers (e.g. illiterate, not English‐speaking, dysphasic), ‐ Known or suspected difficult airway or sleep apnea, ‐ Severe respiratory disease, ‐ Neuromuscular disease, ‐ Seizure disorder, ‐ Severe cardiac disease, ‐ Severe gastresophageal reflux disease, ‐ Pancreatitis, ‐ Lipid disorders, ‐ Receiving Total Parenteral Nutrition, ‐ Body mass index > 35, diabetes or major endocrine disorder, ‐ Hepatic or renal failure, ‐ Unstable psychiatric disorder, ‐ Known drug abuse, ‐ Pregnancy, ‐ Cognitively impaired. Obtaining Consent Each subject will be given an information sheet describing the study procedures, offered the opportunity to ask any questions and must sign that they have understood the contents. A separate consent form will be signed by the participant. Any questions will be dealt with by an investigator. The headache diary and all information to be read by subjects will be designed to have a Flesch Kincaid reading age of less than or equal to grade 8. Subjects will be free to withdraw from the trial at any stage. Pre‐randomization ‐ baseline data collection ‐ Demographic data to include: age, gender, education level (years), and socioeconomic status.48 ‐ The features of the subject's headache will be recorded and the headache disorder will be classified according to the International Classification of Headache Disorders.40 The date of chronic headache onset will be recorded. ‐ A standard medical history will be recorded which will include details of current medication, (specifically headache medication) and stage of menstrual cycle.49 ‐ A physical examination will be performed. Pulse, non‐invasive blood pressure, respiratory rate, oxygen saturation from pulse oximetry, weight, height and temperature will be recorded. ‐ Subjects will then complete the Headache Disability Inventory (HDI).45 Headache Diary • Participants will then be instructed in the completion of the daily headache diary (this is estimated to take 10 ‐ 20 minutes). This diary will keep track of daily pain scores, activity, headache medication use and visits to the emergency room. Headache severity is recorded four times daily on an 11 point numerical rating scale (NRS) anchored at zero for no pain and 10 for the worst imaginable pain. Participants will be asked to keep this diary for 7 days pre‐randomization and for 30 days commencing the day after the treatment / infusion. Randomization and blinding Subjects that still meet the inclusion criteria will proceed to the treatment phase. Subjects will be assigned to either the propofol group or placebo group. Sealed envelopes containing a randomized assignment to either propofol or placebo group will be prepared by an individual unconnected with the study using a web‐based random number generator, and balanced to ensure equal allocation to each group. The propofol group will receive propofol and a concurrent normal saline bolus. The placebo group will receive intralipid and an identical concurrent normal saline bolus that contains low dose midazolam. There is evidence that low dose midazolam (35 mcg / kg) is sufficient to produce adequate sedation but no evidence to support the use of single dose midazolam as a treatment for CDH; this makes midazolam a suitable choice as an active placebo.50 The use of an active placebo is to minimize treatment recognition and bias by patient and investigator. Identical, sequentially numbered syringes containing either propofol or intralipid will be prepared by the hospital pharmacy and these will be appropriately coupled with identical numbered minibags of saline containing either no drug or midazolam. Subjects will be randomized after inclusion and exclusion criteria have been applied. Investigators will use these syringes / minibags in numeric order. (The named contents of each syringe and minibag will be available to the investigators in a second sealed envelope to be opened only in case of emergency during the infusion). Subject data will be grouped by treatment allocation for analysis into 'Group A' and 'Group B', but the blind will not be fully broken until data analysis is complete. The subject's daily pain diaries will be coded with the corresponding syringe code. Infusion procedure On the day of participation the participant will be required to be fasted from the previous midnight. The groups will receive the following treatments by electronic infusor. The dose of propofol selected is comparable with that of the previous studies.22‐24 Active treatment ‐ Propofol infusion 40 mcg / kg / minute over 60 minutes coupled with a ‐ concurrent infusion of saline in a minibag to be delivered at 1ml / kg over first 10 mins. Placebo group ‐ Intralipid by infusion, calculated to be delivered at the same rate as if it were propofol coupled with a ‐ concurrent infusion of saline in a minibag containing 35mcg / ml of midazolam to be delivered at 1ml / kg over the first 10 mins. ‐ To minimize pain on infusion (that may occur with either treatment) a large vein (preferably antecubital) will be cannulated. Secondary outcome measures will include: ‐ Number of days with a headache of at least moderate severity defined as pain at least 5 on the Numerical Rating Scale (NRS).52 ‐ Peak daily headache severity according to the NRS. ‐ Visits to the Emergency Room for headache treatment. ‐ Sedation and nausea scores in the treatment and placebo groups. ‐ Ability of participants in each of the groups to correctly guess their treatment assignment. ‐ Adverse effects related to the infusion. Power calculation Environment and Treatment The location of the study will be the treatment suite of the University of Alberta Hospital Pain Centre. At least one anesthesiologist will be on site and a post anesthesia recovery nurse. A peripheral intravenous cannula will be inserted into each participant and intravenous normal saline 250 cc will be commenced to run over one hour in conjunction with the treatments to flush the intravenous line. The patient will be placed on a stretcher and made comfortable within the privacy of the suite. The lighting may be dimmed but not to a level that would compromise monitoring and safety. Noise will be kept to a minimum. Monitoring and Safety Non‐invasive blood pressure will be recorded pre‐infusion and then at 5 minute intervals in conjunction with continuous pulse oximetry and respiratory rate. Oxygen via nasal cannulae to keep oxygen saturations at or above 94% will be commenced. Basic and advanced life support equipment will be available in the suite. An investigator, a trained anesthesiologist with extensive experience in the administration of propofol and qualified in resuscitation, will be in constant attendance. The infusion will be discontinued if the patient develops signs of respiratory depression (< 8 breaths / min), requires more than simple maneuvers to maintain the airway, develops oversedation or delerium ‐ where a patient is not easily roused by verbal command, sustained hypotension, oxygen desaturation (below 94%), cardiac dysrhythmia or new medical symptoms. In the event of the development of any adverse reaction a referral to the relevant specialist service within the University of Alberta Hospital will be available. Patients will be observed for a period of two hours post infusion and will be free to leave the suite when their vital signs are stable, there are no concerns about level of consciousness and the patient meets the University of Alberta Hospital criteria for discharge form day‐ surgery. Full recovery from either infusion is anticipated to take less than two hours.51 The patient must be escorted home and must be in the company of a carer for 24 hours. The patient will be instructed not drive or operate heavy machinery for 24 hours post infusion. Data Collection. Baseline data will be recorded as above (including HDI and Headache Diary). Pain, nausea and sedation scores will be recorded pre‐infusion and then immediately post infusion Each subject will be given a daily headache diary to keep for the 30 days following the infusion. Subjects will be contacted by telephone at 24 and 72 hours post infusion and weekly thereafter to remind them to complete their headache diaries. At 30 days post‐infusion the patients will complete a follow‐up HDI by telephone or mail and their diaries collected. Outcome measures. The primary study outcome will be Headache Disability Index and the Headache Index45‐47 The baseline Headache Index is the mean of all 28 NRS pain scores (four measures daily for seven days) and the post‐treatment Headache Index is the mean of all 120 NRS pain scores (four measures daily for thirty days) and provides a valid summary measure of overall headache activity. ‐ Analgesic medication consumption will be measured in terms of morphine equivalents of narcotic medication and number of tablets /doses of acetaminophen / non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory (NSAID) containing analgesics.53 Mean HDI measurements of 60 (+/‐ 20) for severe CDH (the population toward which our clinic population is biased) would be expected. A clinically significant outcome would be a 29 point reduction of HDI. A sample size of 20 subjects will give 80% power to detect this difference with an alpha error rate of 0.05. Analysis Between group demographic factors that will be examined and controlled for will include age, gender, education level (years), and socioeconomic status using independent samples t‐tests.48 All analyses will be conducted on an intention to treat basis. The average absolute difference between the baseline and post‐treatment HDI scores for the two infusion groups will be compared using analysis of variance (ANOVA). We will compare the changes in NRS scores between the two infusions groups over time using repeated measures ANOVA. Any demographic factors found to be significantly different between groups will be included as covariates in this analysis. All t‐tests will use Bonferroni corrections to control for the inflation of alpha.
Evidence-based injection therapy for low back pain?; Introduction: The evidence for injection therapy for low back pain was recently assessed in two systematic reviews. Staal et al. 1 published in 2009 an updated Cochrane Review: ''Injection therapy for sub‐acute and chronic low back pain and Henschke et al.2 published in 2010 a systematic review on ''Injection therapy and denervation procedures for chronic low‐back pain'' The conclusion of the first review is: ''There is insufficient evidence to support the use of injection therapy in sub‐acute and chronic low back pain. However, it cannot be ruled out that specific subgroups of patients may respond to a specific type of injection therapy'' 1 It is not surprising that the second review has a comparable conclusion. The authors use exactly the same sentence to refer to patient selection. The IMMPACT recommendations point towards a potential explanation for unsuccessful trials: ''Lack of knowledge of the causes of chronic pain and poor understanding of patient heterogeneity in pathophysiologic mechanisms and treatment response are a major explanation for unsuccessful trials'' 3 This indicates that it is impossible to judge the efficacy of a target specific treatment without specifying the patient population studied. Therefore evidence should be assessed according to the clinical diagnoses. The most frequently occurring types of low back pain are: radicular pain, facetogenic pain, and pain originating from the intervertebral disc. Lumbosacral radicular low back pain A lumbosacral radicular syndrome (LSR) is characterized by a radiating pain in one or more lumbar or sacral dermatomes; it may or may not be accompanied by other radicular irritation symptoms and/or symptoms of decreased function. The terms radicular pain and radiculopathy are also sometimes used interchangeably, although they certainly are not synonyms. In the case of radicular pain, only radiating pain is present, while in the case of radiculopathy, sensory and/or motor loss that can be objectified can be observed. Both syndromes frequently occur together and radiculopathy can be a continuum of radicular pain. In this review lumbosacral radicular pain is considered as pain radiating into one or more dermatomes caused by nerve root irritation /inflammation and/or compression.4 When conservative treatment fails to provide satisfactory pain relief anesthesiological treatment techniques may be considered. For the management of sub‐acute radicular pain, epidural administration of corticosteroids is generally indicated. In patients with chronic radicular complaints, corticosteroids will not provide any improvement in the outcome in comparison to local anesthetics alone. This indicates that epidural corticosteroids are more effective for (sub)‐acute radicular pain where a significant inflammatory pain component is present. 5 Epidural corticosteroid administration brings the anti‐inflammatory product directly onto the inflamed nerve root. There are three approaches: interlaminar, transforaminal, and caudal. Interlaminar corticosteroids The available evidence concerning interlaminar corticosteroid administration has been studied in systematic reviews. The conclusions of these reviews are divergent depending on the chosen evaluation parameters. McQuay and Moore calculated the Number Needed to Treat (NNT). To achieve 50% pain reduction in the short term (1 day ‐ 3 months), an NNT of 3 is obtained and an NNT of 13 for long term pain relief (3 months to 1 year). 6 A systematic review of RCTs concluded that there is insufficient proof of the efficacy of this technique. If there are benefits, then they are of short duration. 7 A recent systematic review of RCTs showed that among the 11 RCTs of interlaminar steroid injection for radiculopathy, four trials are rated high quality. 8 Three of the four trials used ligamantum interspinale (interspinous ligament) saline injection as control intervention. All three trials showed positive results for short term benefits (e1 months).9‐11 The other trial used epidural saline injection as control and did not show any benefit.12 Transforaminal corticosteroids The variable results of corticosteroids administered interlaminarly are ascribed to the fact that there is no certainty that the needle reaches the epidural space and even if it did, there is no certainty that the medication reaches the ventral section of the epidural space. 13 Transforaminal administration allows a more precise application of the corticosteroids at the level of the inflamed nerve root. Three high quality, placebo controlled trials evaluating transforaminal approach reported mixed results. 8 One showed longterm benefits in one year 14, one showed mixed short‐term benefits 15, and one showed no benefit. 5 In a double blind, randomized study, patients who were scheduled for a surgical intervention received an epidural injection with local anesthetic only or local anesthetic with corticosteroid at random. By the follow‐up (13 to 28 months), 20/28 patients in the local anesthetic with corticosteroid group had decided not to undergo surgery, while in the local anesthetic only group, 9/27 decided to forego a surgical intervention. 14 The majority (81%) of the patients who had not yet had surgery 1 year after infiltration were able to avoid the operation after 5 years. 16 There was no statistical difference between the treatment groups. A prospective controlled study of transforaminal epidural corticosteroids showed superiority of this procedure over trigger‐point injection in patients with disc herniation. 17. Karpinneńs group 15 carried out a randomized, controlled study in patients with radicular pain and disc herniation documented by MRI, in which the transforaminal administration of local anesthetic with corticosteroid was compared with transforaminal injections of normal saline solution. Twoweeks after the treatment, the clinical result in the corticosteroid group was better than that of the group treated with normal saline solution. After 3 to 6 months, on the other hand, patients in the group with normal saline were in better condition owing to a rebound effect that was noted in the corticosteroid group. A sub‐analysis in which the results of patients with a ''contained'' herniation were compared with those of patients with an Wextruded'' herniation showed that in the first group, corticosteroid injections were superior to placebo while in the group with ''extruded'' herniation, the opposite was found. 18 In this study, ''contained herniation'' was defined as a herniation with a broad base which is still contained within the ligamentum longitudinale posterius. ''Extruded herniation'' is a herniation that breaks through the ligamentum longitudinale posterius. In a comparative study, the effectiveness of caudal, interlaminar and transforaminal corticosteroid administration in the epidural space was compared in patients with radicular pain as a result of disc herniation. The transforaminal approach gave the best clinical results. 19 A double blind, randomized study compared the efficacy of interlaminar and transforaminal corticosteroid administration in patients with lumbar radicular pain as a result of CT‐ or MRI‐confirmed herniated disc that lasted less than 30 days. Six months after the treatment, the results in the transforaminal‐treatment group was significantly better than that of the group that was treated interlaminarly in the areas of pain reduction, daily activity, free‐time and work activities and anxiety and depression. 20 Caudal corticosteroids Four placebo‐controlled trials were conducted, but none were rated high quality. 8 The results are mixed and no definitive conclusions can be drawn from these studies. A randomized controlled trial compared the effect of subcutaneous saline injection with caudal saline injection and caudal corticosteroid injection. No difference in clinical outcome was observed between the three groups at 6, 12 and 52 weeks. The authors conclude that caudal epidural steroid or saline injections are not recommended for chronic lumbar radiculopathy.21 Selection of the corticosteroid There has been debate regarding the safety and potency of the different depot corticosteroid preparation. Particle size of different corticosteroid preparations were studied undiluted and diluted in saline or local anesthetic. The results of this in depth research illustrated that differences in the percentage of large particles exists between compounded and commercially available preparations. Because, the specifications of corticosteroid preparations commercially available in different countries may be different it is difficult to draw conclusions for clinical practice. 22 Two RCT's compared the efficacy and safety of particulate and non‐particulate corticosteroids. The first study showed a greater efficacy for triamcinolone compared the dexamethasone. 23 In the second study dexamethasone was compared to methylprednisolone. Both products seemed to be close in efficacy and safety. There is however a trend towards less pain relief and shorter duration of action of dexamethasone. 24 In summary, one can state that the transforaminal epidural corticosteroid administration is preferable. In practice, due to the not yet completely elucidated, rare neurological complications associated with the transforaminal administration route, the interlaminar and caudal approaches can also still be considered. Lumbar facet pain Pain emanating from the lumbar facet joints is a common cause of low back pain in the adult population. Golthwaite was the first to describe the syndrome in 1911, and Ghormley is generally credited with coining the term ''facet syndrome'' in 1933. Facet pain is defined as pain that arises from any structure that is part of the facet joints, including the fibrous capsule, synovial membrane, hyaline cartilage and bone.
Intraoperative Lidocaine Infusion for Analgesia (ILIA); Provide the rationale for the study (see list of references attached separately). Provide the rationale for the study (see list of references attached separately). Adequate postoperative pain control is still a major problem for many surgical patients. Identifying better ways of controlling pain during and after surgery remains an ongoing goal of research in anesthesia. Continuous infusion of IV lidocaine has been identified in the anesthetic literature as a valuable supplement to general anesthesia. Approximately 20% of all total abdominal hysterectomies at The Ottawa Hospital today are done using a continuous IV lidocaine infusion in addition to general anesthesia. Considering its low cost, ease of administration, and low incidence of side effects, lidocaine presents an attractive anesthetic option. However, there have been only a few randomized controlled trials to date that have assessed the effect of IV lidocaine on a patient's pain control. These trials were small single center studies that require independent validation at other institutions and in other surgical populations. In the previous trials, the standard anesthetic technique was not as well controlled as it will be in this trial. If approved this study will add to the scant but promising literature concerning peri‐operative lidocaine use for analgesia. 1. Lidocaine infusion supplements general anesthesia and improves analgesia. Lidocaine has been used to supplement general anesthesia for over 50 years (1). It has a MAC sparing effect that allows reduction of other anesthetic agents in a balanced anesthetic technique (1). Lidocaine infusions improve pain scores in burn patients and provide sufficient analgesia without the addition of an opioid analgesic (3). Its use is well established in chronic neuropathic and ischemic pain (6,7). Over the last decade, its use in the management of acute pain and pre‐emptive analgesia has increased. Studies demonstrating improved pain scores with movement and at rest in major abdominal surgeries and radical retropubic prostatectomy have been published (2,5,8). 9‐20 minutes. Complete analgesia was reported in 10 out 13 patients with corresponding plasma levels of 3.79+/‐ 1.00 mcg/mL with a total lidocaine dose of 375 +/‐ 23mg over 36‐54 minutes. In 3 patients there was a significant reduction in pain but no complete analgesia. Light‐headedness at some time during infusion was reported in 6 out of 13 patients and their lidocaine levels ranged from 0.9 to 3.08 mcg/mL. At no time did the infusion need to be adjusted because of subjective complaints of toxicity. The dose of lidocaine currently used at the Ottawa Hospital Department of Anesthesia to supplement general anesthesia is a bolus of 1‐1.5 mg/kg followed by an intraoperative infusion of 1.2 to 3 mg/kg/hr. In this study we propose a bolus of 1.5 mg/kg followed by 3 mg/kg/hr infusion. 3. Lidocaine infusion reduces opiod consumption. Lidocaine infusions have decreased the opioid and NSAID use following major surgery (2,5). A protocol and a case report in burn patients demonstrate markedly reduced requirements for opioid analgesia (3). The reduced use of opiods should be associated with lower incidence of opiod‐related side effects and decreased use of medication to treat these side effects. Protocol: Patients will be recruited through multiple mechanisms. These will include, but not be restricted to: preoperative assessment clinics, physicians' clinics, and hospital wards. ‐ One 10mL Study Drug Bolus syringe containing either Normal Saline or 2% Lidocaine; ‐ Three 20mL Study Drug Infusion syringes containing either Normal Saline or 2% lidocaine. Primary objectives: 2. IV Lidocaine infusion dose and toxicity (2,3,4,5,6,7,10). Lidocaine toxicity does not occur with plasma levels below 5 mcg/mL. Currently reported dosing vary between 'no IV bolus' to 3 mg/kg/hr IV bolus followed by 1.5 to 3 mg/kg/hr infusion rates. These doses generally result in plasma levels of 1.3‐3.7 mcg/mL. There is no increase in local anesthetic toxicity at these plasma levels compared to placebo. In one study up to 2.6 mg/kg/hr of lidocaine had been infusing for 24 hours after the end of surgery with no reported side effects attributed to local anesthetic toxicity (4). In another lidocaine dose‐response study an infusion of 500 mg of lidocaine over one hour in 13 patients with neuropathic chronic pain (6) resulted in plasma levels of 2.43 +/‐ 1.01 mcg/mL at the initial onset of analgesia. This corresponds to infusion rates of approximately 6‐7 mg/kg/hr of lidocaine (no bolus). The amount of lidocaine used at the onset of analgesia was 123+/‐55 mg over 4. Lidocaine infusion improves bowel function. Lidocaine use speeds the return of bowel function that is a major complication of intra‐abdominal operations. In both radical prostatectomy and cholecystectomy patients' time to passage of first postoperative bowel movement was decreased (4,5). 5. Lidocaine infusion leads to quicker discharge. Lidocaine use led to faster discharge from hospital in‐patients undergoing radical prostatectomy (5). This result is likely due to the combined beneficial effects as outlined above. Anesthesia physicians, Obstetrics and Gynecology physicians, residents, and nurses involved in the care of potential total abdominal hysterectomy (TAH) candidates will be be informed about the study by primary investigators through memos, presentatations, departmental meetings. Potential subjects will be identified by these physicians, residents, and nurses involved in the care of TAH patients. Study personnel will be contacted to determine patient eligibility for the study. Primary investigators at the Civic and General campuses of Ottawa Hospital and physicians at the Preoperative Assessment Unit (PAU) at both campuses will identify patients undergoing elective total abdominal hysterectomy. These patients will be offered an opportunity to participate in the study during standard pre‐anesthetic assessment at the Pre‐Admission Unit by an anesthesiologist. During this assessment a full medical history, a complete physical exam, and appropriate investigations will be carried out. If a patient is willing to consider participation, a study investigator or their delegate will discuss the study. The study information sheet will be provided to the patient. The rationale for the study and the study protocol would be discussed using the language appropriate for the patient's background. A discussion of benefits and risks associated with the study and possible anesthetic techniques will be carried out and all questions answered at this time. Patient consent. Once identified and their eligibility confirmed patients will be asked to provide informed written consent using the Information sheet and Consent form (Appendix 1). Participation will be entirely voluntary. Patients will neither be coerced nor offered incentives to participate. Secondary objectives: 1. Post‐operative visual analogue scale (VAS) pain scores for 48 hours; 8. Understands: staple removal instructions if applicable; New medications; discharge instructions per patient information booklet; follow‐up plan with Gynecology physician 9. Understands there will be a follow up phone call in about one week by one of study investigators to assess level of satisfaction Post discharge follow‐up: patients will be contacted by study coordinator or study nurse in approximately one week by phone to evaluate patient satisfaction with the overall experience. If the patient decides to participate a Study Checklist will be completed by research personnel and placed on patient's chart. The Study Checklist form will contain pre‐calculated doses of medications for that particular patient as well as concise protocol checklist for the attending anesthetist. Randomization. Patients will be randomized using a computer generated random number table. All patients randomized will be followed and analyzed in the group to which they are allocated. All patients will be randomized as close to the time of surgery as possible to avoid randomizing patients who subsequently have surgery postponed or cancelled. Allocation concealment: Allocation to intervention or control groups will be printed on cards placed in sealed, opaque, sequentially‐numbered envelopes. Trial envelopes will be kept with research personnel and opened in numerical order when the patient has met the eligibility criteria and is ready to be randomized. An anesthesia resident or staff not involved with care of the patient will open an envelope for that patient and prepare four syringes: Maintenance of confidentiality. All records will be kept confidential. Records will be kept in a locked cabinet in the Department of Anesthesiology, Civic Campus for fifteen (15) years following enrollment of the last patient. Access will be restricted to study investigators and research assistants. Data will be stored on a secure, password‐protected computer within the Department of Anesthesiology and kept strictly confidential. No information capable of identifying a study participant will appear in study reports or publications Study design: This is a prospective, randomized, double blinded, clinical trial comparing intravenous lidocaine infusion plus general anesthesia with general anesthesia alone. The intervention group will receive a balanced anesthetic with the addition of lidocaine as outlined in the anesthetic protocol outlined in appendix 2. The control group will receive a balanced anesthetic with the addition of normal saline as outlined in the appendix 2. The patients, clinicians, and study personnel will be blinded to group allocation. 1. To study the effect of the addition of intraoperative intravenous lidocaine infusion (1.5 mg/kg IV bolus followed by 3 mg/kg/hr infusion) to a balanced general anesthetic on length of hospital stay after total abdominal hysterectomy; 2. To study the effect of the addition of intraoperative intravenous lidocaine infusion (1.5 mg/kg IV bolus followed by 3 mg/kg/hr infusion) to balanced general anesthetic on opioid requirements intraoperatively, in the recovery room, and up to 48 hours post operatively. 2. Incidence of opioid related side effects including: (a) post‐operative nausea and vomiting (b) subsequent anti‐emetic medication use (c) decreasing time to first flatus and bowel movement; 3. Following data will also be analyzed: ‐ Intraoperative lidocaine levels; ‐ Incidence of side effects that can be attributed to local anesthetic toxicity; ‐ Oral pain medications use up to 48 hours postoperatively if IV PCA discontinued before 48 hours. Baseline Assessment: All patients eligible for the trial will have the following information documented preoperatively: age, sex, height, weight, body mass index, serum creatinine, calculated creatinine clearance (Cockroft‐Gault), primary diagnosis, and scheduled procedure. Outcome assessment: Lidocaine levels that were measured at 30 minutes intraoperatively and just prior to the end of the infusion will also be collected and reported. Management of anesthesia: All patients will undergo a standardized anesthetic according to the Study Checklist (Appendix 2) that will be completed as soon as the patient is enrolled in the study. The Study Checklist will accompany the anesthetic record and the patient to the OR. This Study Checklist will form the basis for the dosing of all the medications for the anesthetic and the order the protocol is to be completed in. The drugs that are variable in their dosing will include: propofol (will be given to the desired effect at anesthesia induction); rocuronium (will be given to the desired effect of muscle relaxation); and desflurane (will be titrated to a BIS reading of 40 to ensure adequate anesthetic depth). If needed, morphine will be available to the attending anesthesiologist should the patient demonstrate clinical signs of inadequate analgesia during the anesthetic. Management of intervention group: Patients in the intervention group will receive lidocaine 1.5 mg/kg as part of their induction. The lidocaine bolus will be followed be a continuous intravenous infusion at 3.0 mg/kg/hr. The rate is pre‐calculated and appears on the Study Checklist (Appendix 2). The infusion of lidocaine and fentanyl will be stopped upon skin closure. Serum lidocaine levels will be collected at two points of the study: ‐ 30 minutes after the initial bolus ‐ and during surgical closure, just prior to stopping the infusion. Management of control group: Patients in the control group will receive normal saline as part of their induction. The normal saline bolus will be followed be a continuous intravenous infusion. The rate is pre‐calculated and appears on the Study Checklist (Appendix 2). The infusion of normal saline and fentanyl will be stopped upon skin closure. Serum lidocaine levels will be collected at two points of study: ‐ 30 minutes after the initial bolus ‐ and during surgical closure, just prior to stopping the infusion. Management of inadequate analgesia: Patients in the post anesthesia care unit (PACU) will be given their patient controlled analgesia (PCA) after immediate assessment of visual analogue scale (VAS) pain scores are complete. They can self administer morphine until their desired comfort level is reached with the help of the nurse if needed. Management of opioid related side effects: Patients with satisfactory analgesia but experiencing unwanted sedation will be assessed by a study physician. Patients experiencing hypotension, will be given a 500mL crystalloid bolus and will assessed by a study physician. Patients with significant respiratory depression will be given naloxone in 40μg boluses until respiratory rate is >10 and will be sedation will assessed by a study physician. Patients experiencing pruritis, nausea, or insomnia will be managed with the medications outlined in the Study Checklist (Appendix 2) and these orders will be on the APS order sheet that will have been completed with the Study Checklist at the time of enrollment. Postop care: Patients will be discharged to the ward with care as per current Total Abdominal Hysterectomy (TAH) care map. Description of Tests: In addition to the usual bloodwork involved during this type of procedure, the anesthesiologist will collect 2 blood samples to test the levels of lidocaine in your blood during surgery. There will be no further tests. Discharge criteria: Patients will be discharged according as per the current discharge criteria for the care map of TAH patient at The Ottawa Hospital. 1. Adequate pain control 2. Vital signs stable 3. Afebrile (no fever) 4. Passing flatus (passing gas) 5. No or scant vaginal discharge 6. Incision clean, dry, intact, and edges approximated 7. Tolerates diet as ordered Switching to oral analgesia: Patients who are nearing discharge criteria and being able to tolerate medications PO will be offered discontinuation of IV PCA and a switch to PO morphine 5‐10 mg PO PRN q 2 hours. Patients will continue receiving Celebrex 200 PO q12hr with food intake and Tylenol 650mg PO q4hr while awake until 72 hours postop. The Gynecology physicians will make assessment for discharge eligibility daily in the first half of the day. Should the patient discharge be delayed due to logistical reasons (e.g. was ready for discharge on POD2, but seen late on POD2 and discharged home POD3) ‐ a note of that will be made by study nurse in the study data sheet for that patient. Primary outcome measure: The length of hospital stay in days will be recorded. The morphine consumption will be recorded from the PCA pump database on departure from the PACU and every 8 hours until 48 hours postoperatively. Any other opioid medication used for weaning off PCA will also be recorded and converted to morphine equivalents for analysis during the first 48 hours. This data will be compared between the two groups. Secondary outcome measures: Post‐operative visual analogue scale (VAS) pain scores will be recorded on departure from the PACU and every 8 hours until 48 hours postoperatively. The incidence of opioid related side effects will be recorded. This will include post‐operative nausea and vomiting, subsequent anti‐emetic medication use, time to first flatus and bowel movement. This data will be compared between the two groups. Data analysis: The number of patients discharged on post‐operative day 2 will be analyzed with a chi‐square analysis. The morphine consumption at 24 and 48 hours, will be analyzed with the unpaired student's t‐test. Post‐operative visual analogue scale (VAS) pain scores will be analyzed for statistical difference using an unpaired student's t‐test. Analyses of secondary outcomes such as immediate post‐operative nausea and vomiting, subsequent anti‐emetic usage, time to first bowel movement will be analyzed with the unpaired student's t‐test Statistical significance will be assigned a probability of <0.05 for all analyses. Data management. Data will be recorded on standardized data collection forms. Data will be transferred from the forms to an Excel 2002 spreadsheet (Microsoft Corp, Redmond WA) at which time patients will be assigned and identified by a unique trial number. Data will be exported to SPSS 11.0.1 (SPSS Inc, Chicago Il) for analysis.
