total number of articles searched: 314.
objectives: ['systematically review published evidence on the association between puberty timing and type 2 diabetes (t2d) or impaired glucose tolerance (igt)', 'assess the independence of the association between puberty timing and type 2 diabetes from adiposity', 'estimate the potential contribution of puberty timing to the burden of t2d in the united kingdom (uk)'].
sex differences in effects of obesity on reproductive hormones and glucose metabolism in early puberty.
metabolic and hormonal assessment of adolescent and young adult women with prior premature adrenarche.
insulin resistance during normal child growth and development is associated with a distinct blood metabolic phenotype (earlybird 72).
a randomized control trial of the impact of lcpufa-omega3 supplementation on body weight and insulin resistance in pubertal children with obesity.
early age at menarche is associated with insulin resistance: a systemic review and meta-analysis.
bmi change during puberty is an important determinant of adult type 2 diabetes risk in men.
menstrual and reproductive factors and type 2 diabetes risk: the japan public health center-based prospective study.
lowering saturated fat and increasing vegetable and fruit intake may increase insulin sensitivity 2 years later in children with a family history of obesity.
maternal diabetes mellitus and timing of pubertal development in daughters and sons: a nationwide cohort study.
preconception counseling for adolescents and young adults with diabetes: a literature review of the past 10 years.
adolescent cohorts assessing growth, cardiovascular and cognitive outcomes in low and middle-income countries.
pubertal timing and cardiometabolic markers at age 16 years.
seven cases with williams-beuren syndrome: endocrine evaluation and long-term follow-up.
duration of reproductive lifespan and age at menarche in relation to metabolic syndrome in postmenopausal chinese women.
hypertriglyceridemic waist phenotype indicates insulin resistance in adolescents according to the clamp technique in the brams study.
[not available].
nonlinear relationship between birth weight and visceral fat in adolescents.
insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome in young men with acne.
relating phthalate and bpa exposure to metabolism in peripubescence: the role of exposure timing, sex, and puberty.
ultrasensitive estrogen levels at 7 years of age predict earlier thelarche: evidence from girls of the growth and obesity chilean cohort.
cardiovascular risk factors in adolescents born preterm.
maternal hyperglycemia during pregnancy predicts adiposity of the offspring.
neck circumference as a new anthropometric indicator for prediction of insulin resistance and components of metabolic syndrome in adolescents: brazilian metabolic syndrome study.
persistent apparent pancreatic beta-cell defects in premenarchal pcos relatives.
glucose metabolism, insulin sensitivity and beta-cell function in type a insulin resistance syndrome around puberty: a 9-year follow-up.
[associated factors to insulin values in a population-based study in adolescents].
associations between age at menarche and menopause with cardiovascular disease, diabetes, and osteoporosis in chinese women.
ectopic fat deposition in prediabetic overweight and obese minority adolescents.
habitually higher dietary glycemic index during puberty is prospectively related to increased risk markers of type 2 diabetes in younger adulthood.
factors associated with menopausal age in iranian women: tehran lipid and glucose study.
epicardial fat, abdominal adiposity and insulin resistance in obese pre-pubertal and early pubertal children.
timing and duration of obesity in relation to diabetes: findings from an ethnically diverse, nationally representative sample.
higher prevalence of obesity and overweight without an adverse metabolic profile in girls with central precocious puberty compared to girls with early puberty, regardless of gnrh analogue treatment.
adiponectin and the control of female reproductive functions.
relationship of serum adipocyte-derived proteins with insulin sensitivity and reproductive features in pre-pubertal and pubertal daughters of polycystic ovary syndrome women.
high normal fasting glucose level in obese youth: a marker for insulin resistance and beta cell dysregulation.
[prevalence of metabolic syndrome in children and adolescents who consult with obesity].
decrease in serum adiponectin levels associated with visceral fat accumulation independent of pubertal stage in children and adolescents.
"menstrual irregularities in pcos. does it matter when it starts?".
menarche delay and menstrual irregularities persist in adolescents with type 1 diabetes.
[the changes of insulin secretion in type a insulin resistance syndrome: a 7-year follow up].
childhood obesity is associated with shorter leukocyte telomere length.
association between age at menarche and risk factors for cardiovascular diseases in korean women: the 2010 to 2013 korea national health and nutrition examination survey.
false positive rate: 0.2356687898089172.

Included target articles are as follow:
age at menarche and incidence of diabetes: a prospective study of 300,000 women in china.
age at menarche and cardiovascular risk factors using mendelian randomization in the guangzhou biobank cohort study.
age at menarche and cardiometabolic risk in adulthood: the coronary artery risk development in young adults study.
age at menarche, abnormal glucose tolerance and type 2 diabetes mellitus: the rancho bernardo study.
association between age at menarche and risk of diabetes in adults: results from the epic-norfolk cohort study.
age at menarche, the leg length to sitting height ratio, and risk of diabetes in middle-aged and elderly chinese men and women.
duration of reproductive lifespan and age at menarche in relation to metabolic syndrome in postmenopausal chinese women.
puberty timing associated with diabetes, cardiovascular disease and also diverse health outcomes in men and women: the uk biobank study.
the role of bmi across the life course in the relationship between age at menarche and diabetes, in a british birth cohort.
age at menarche and type 2 diabetes risk: the epic-interact study.
menarcheal age and risk of type 2 diabetes: a community-based cohort study.
age of menarche and the metabolic syndrome in china.
association of age at menarche with metabolic syndrome and its components in rural bangladeshi women.
associations between age at menarche and menopause with cardiovascular disease, diabetes, and osteoporosis in chinese women.
age at menarche and its association with dysglycemia in korean middle-aged women.
early menarche increases the risk of type 2 diabetes in young and middle-aged korean women.
association between age at menarche and risk factors for cardiovascular diseases in korean women: the 2010 to 2013 korea national health and nutrition examination survey.
reproductive factors and risk of type 2 diabetes in an occupational cohort of chinese women.
menstrual and reproductive factors and type 2 diabetes risk: the japan public health center-based prospective study.
age at menarche and risk of type 2 diabetes: results from 2 large prospective cohort studies.
age at menarche and risk of type 2 diabetes among african-american and white women in the atherosclerosis risk in communities (aric) study.
earlier age at menarche is associated with higher diabetes risk and cardiometabolic disease risk factors in brazilian adults: brazilian longitudinal study of adult health (elsa-brasil).
