total number of articles searched: 206.
objectives: ['quantify assay-based variation in g6pd spectrophotometry', 'explore the diagnostic implications of applying a universal threshold for g6pd deficiency', 'compare repeatability and intra- and interlaboratory variability in g6pd activity measurements', 'derive a universal threshold for g6pd deficiency', 'compare the diagnostic performance of a universal threshold to site-specific thresholds'].
review and drug therapy implications of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency.
comparison of quantitative and qualitative tests for glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency.
glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase screening in israel-arab and palestinian-arab neonates.
glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency in tunisia: molecular data and phenotype-genotype association.
point-of-care quantitative measure of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase enzyme deficiency.
glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency prevalence and genetic variants in malaria endemic areas of colombia.
neonatal screening for glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency: biochemical versus genetic technologies.
quantitative neonatal glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase screening: distribution, reference values, and classification by phenotype.
screening for glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency in neonates: a comparison between cord and peripheral blood samples.
glucose-6-phosphate-dehydrogenase deficiency and haematopoietic stem cell transplantation in chinese patients.
prevalence of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency and diagnostic challenges in 1500 immigrants in denmark examined for haemoglobinopathies.
prevalence and molecular characterization of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency in northern thailand.
field evaluation of quantitative point of care diagnostics to measure glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase activity.
glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency among yemeni children residing in malaria-endemic areas of hodeidah governorate and evaluation of a rapid diagnostic test for its detection.
performance of the carestart glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (g6pd) rapid diagnostic test in gressier, haiti.
study of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency: 5 years retrospective egyptian study.
molecular analysis of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase gene mutations in bangladeshi individuals.
screening for glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency in blood donors.
prevalence and molecular characterization of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficient variants among the kurdish population of northern iraq.
point-of-care testing for g6pd deficiency: opportunities for screening.
evaluation of the phenotypic test and genetic analysis in the detection of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency.
prevalence of erythrocyte glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (g6pd) deficiency in the population of western turkey.
primaquine-induced haemolysis in females heterozygous for g6pd deficiency.
glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency among male blood donors in sana'a city, yemen.
methods for the field evaluation of quantitative g6pd diagnostics: a review.
determination of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase cut-off values in a tunisian population.
red blood cell disorders in rwandese neonates: screening for sickle cell disease and glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency.
comparison of spectrophotometry, chromate inhibition, and cytofluorometry versus gene sequencing for detection of heterozygously glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase-deficient females.
screening for glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency using three detection methods: a cross-sectional survey in southwestern uganda.
a new paper-based analytical device for detection of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency.
molecular heterogeneity of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency in gaza strip palestinians.
hemolytic potential of tafenoquine in female volunteers heterozygous for glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (g6pd) deficiency (g6pd mahidol variant) versus g6pd-normal volunteers.
in vitro inhibition effects of some coumarin derivatives on human erythrocytes glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase activities.
omics markers of the red cell storage lesion and metabolic linkage.
massive acute haemolysis and severe neonatal hyperbilirubinemia in glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase-deficient preterm triplets.
the prevalence of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency in gambian school children.
glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (g6pd) activity and deficiency in a population of nigerian males resident in jos.
newborn screening of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency in guangxi, china: determination of optimal cutoff value to identify heterozygous female neonates.
performance of binaxnow g6pd deficiency point-of-care diagnostic in p. vivax-infected subjects.
field trial of the carestart biosensor analyzer for the determination of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase activity in haiti.
effect of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency on some biophysical properties of human erythrocytes.
re-evaluation of methaemoglobin reduction as a screening procedure for glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (g6pd).
suitability of capillary blood for quantitative assessment of g6pd activity and performances of g6pd point-of-care tests.
validation of g6pd point-of-care tests among healthy volunteers in yangon, myanmar.
determination of optimal cutoff value to accurately identify glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase-deficient heterozygous female neonates.
neonatal screening external quality assessment in china, 2014.
hemolysis and mediterranean g6pd mutation (c.563 c>t) and c.1311 c>t polymorphism among palestinians at gaza strip.
population screening for glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiencies in isabel province, solomon islands, using a modified enzyme assay on filter paper dried bloodspots.
high incidence of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency in croatian island isolate: example from vis island, croatia.
the g6pd flow-cytometric assay is a reliable tool for diagnosis of g6pd deficiency in women and anaemic subjects.
a comparison of rapid diagnostic testing (by plasmodium lactate dehydrogenase), and quantitative buffy coat technique in malaria diagnosis in children.
g6pd deficiency in plasmodium falciparum and plasmodium vivax malaria-infected cambodian patients.
heterogeneity of g6pd deficiency prevalence in mozambique: a school-based cross-sectional survey in three different regions.
two new class iii g6pd variants [g6pd tunis (c.920a>c: p.307gln>pro) and g6pd nefza (c.968t>c: p.323 leu>pro)] and overview of the spectrum of mutations in tunisia.
assessment of point-of-care diagnostics for g6pd deficiency in malaria endemic rural eastern indonesia.
implications of current therapeutic restrictions for primaquine and tafenoquine in the radical cure of vivax malaria.
validation of the quantitative point-of-care carestart biosensor for assessment of g6pd activity in venous blood.
the challenges of introducing routine g6pd testing into radical cure: a workshop report.
validation of the rapid test carestart(tm) g6pd among malaria vivax-infected subjects in the brazilian amazon.
a comparison of three quantitative methods to estimate g6pd activity in the chittagong hill tracts, bangladesh.
performance of the carestart™ g6pd deficiency screening test, a point-of-care diagnostic for primaquine therapy screening.
co-ordinated stage-dependent enhancement of plasmodium falciparum antioxidant enzymes and heat shock protein expression in parasites growing in oxidatively stressed or g6pd-deficient red blood cells.
[clinical evaluation of a melting curve analysis-based pcr assay for glucose phosphate dehydrogenase gene mutation detection].
g6pd deficiency at sumba in eastern indonesia is prevalent, diverse and severe: implications for primaquine therapy against relapsing vivax malaria.
a vegetable-induced hemolytic crisis in a g6pd deficient person: a case report.
field trial evaluation of the performances of point-of-care tests for screening g6pd deficiency in cambodia.
comparison of three screening test kits for g6pd enzyme deficiency: implications for its use in the radical cure of vivax malaria in remote and resource-poor areas in the philippines.
the gametocytocidal efficacy of different single doses of primaquine with dihydroartemisinin-piperaquine in asymptomatic parasite carriers in the gambia: a randomized controlled trial.
evaluation of the diagnostic accuracy of carestart g6pd deficiency rapid diagnostic test (rdt) in a malaria endemic area in ghana, africa.
prophylactic efficacy of primaquine for preventing plasmodium falciparum and plasmodium vivax parasitaemia in travelers: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
g6pd a-variant influences the antibody responses to plasmodium falciparum msp2.
machine learning prioritizes synthesis of primaquine ureidoamides with high antimalarial activity and attenuated cytotoxicity.
diospyros lotus l. fruit extract protects g6pd-deficient erythrocytes from hemolytic injury in vitro and in vivo: prevention of favism disorder.
g6pd enzyme activity in normal term malaysian neonates and adults using a osmmr2000-d kit with hb normalization.
role of vitamin e supplementation on serum levels of copper and zinc in hemolytic anemic patients with g6pd deficiency.
methemoglobinemia hemotoxicity of some antimalarial 8-aminoquinoline analogues and their hydroxylated derivatives: density functional theory computation of ionization potentials.
g6pd deficiency in vataliya prajapati community settled in surat.
[methemoglobinemia in patients with plasmodium vivax receiving oral therapy with primaquine].
.
there are 13 target papers found during the search in pubmed!.
they are:.
co-inheritance of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency mutations and hemoglobin e in a kachin population in a malaria-endemic region of southeast asia.
glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency and sickle cell trait among prospective blood donors: a cross-sectional study in berekum, ghana.
in the end, 11 target papers were left after filtering!.
the number of target article missing is: 2.
false positive rate: 0.3786407766990291.
false negative rate: 0.15384615384615385.

Included target articles are as follow:
glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency and sickle cell trait among prospective blood donors: a cross-sectional study in berekum, ghana.
suitability of capillary blood for quantitative assessment of g6pd activity and performances of g6pd point-of-care tests.
prevalence and molecular characterization of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency in northern thailand.
co-inheritance of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency mutations and hemoglobin e in a kachin population in a malaria-endemic region of southeast asia.
glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (g6pd) activity and deficiency in a population of nigerian males resident in jos.
comparison of three screening test kits for g6pd enzyme deficiency: implications for its use in the radical cure of vivax malaria in remote and resource-poor areas in the philippines.
g6pd deficiency in plasmodium falciparum and plasmodium vivax malaria-infected cambodian patients.
performance of the carestart™ g6pd deficiency screening test, a point-of-care diagnostic for primaquine therapy screening.
comparison of quantitative and qualitative tests for glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency.
field trial evaluation of the performances of point-of-care tests for screening g6pd deficiency in cambodia.
screening for glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency using three detection methods: a cross-sectional survey in southwestern uganda.
assessment of point-of-care diagnostics for g6pd deficiency in malaria endemic rural eastern indonesia.
field trial of the carestart biosensor analyzer for the determination of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase activity in haiti.
