total number of articles searched: 719.
objectives: ['systematically review published evidence on the association between puberty timing and type 2 diabetes or impaired glucose tolerance.', 'evaluate the association between puberty timing and type 2 diabetes/impaired glucose tolerance independent of adiposity.', 'estimate the potential contribution of puberty timing to the burden of type 2 diabetes in the united kingdom.'].
early age at menarche is associated with insulin resistance: a systemic review and meta-analysis.
menstrual and reproductive factors and type 2 diabetes risk: the japan public health center-based prospective study.
impact of age at menarche on obesity and glycemic control in japanese patients with type 2 diabetes: fukuoka diabetes registry.
the association between age at menarche and later risk of gestational diabetes is mediated by insulin resistance.
serum osteocalcin levels in girls with central precocious puberty: relation to the onset of puberty.
influence of puberty timing on adiposity and cardiometabolic traits: a mendelian randomisation study.
age at menarche and age at natural menopause as predictors of glycemic control in type 2 diabetic patients.
differential sex effects of systolic blood pressure and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol on type 2 diabetes: life course data from the bogalusa heart study.
oral glucose tolerance test glucose peak time is most predictive of prediabetes and hepatic steatosis in obese girls.
glucose alteration and insulin resistance in asymptomatic obese children and adolescents.
branched chain amino acids, androgen hormones, and metabolic risk across early adolescence: a prospective study in project viva.
insulin resistance is higher in prepubertal girls but switches to become higher in boys at age 16: a cohort study (earlybird 57).
the bdnf val66met polymorphism is associated with lower bmi, lower postprandial glucose levels and elevated carbohydrate intake in children and adolescents.
triglycerides/high density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio as a cardiometabolic risk marker in children and adolescents from mérida city, venezuela.
age at menarche and incidence of diabetes: a prospective study of 300,000 women in china.
adiposity, dysmetabolic traits, and earlier onset of female puberty in adolescent offspring of women with gestational diabetes mellitus: a clinical study within the danish national birth cohort.
glucose tolerance in adolescents with obesity.
age at menarche and the risk of heart failure: results from the epic-nl study.
puberty and insulin resistance: a longitudinal examination of hyperglycemic clamp-derived insulin sensitivity and insulin secretion among non-hispanic black and non-hispanic white children.
sex differences in effects of obesity on glucose metabolism and reproductive hormones in puberty: the health influences of puberty study.
plasma cortisol and aldosterone responses to insulin tolerance test and sodium depletion in women with non classic 21-hydroxylase deficiency.
a cutoff for age at menarche predicting metabolic syndrome in egyptian overweight/obese premenopausal women.
menarcheal age and risk of type 2 diabetes: a community-based cohort study.
strikingly high prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in overweight indian adolescents: clinical and biochemical correlates.
hyperglycaemia and metabolic syndrome: not always synonymous of t2d.
association and interaction between age at menarche and risk of diabetes in adult women.
what are early predictors of impaired glucose tolerance in children born sga?.
premature adrenarche and metabolic risk: differences by gender.
high prepubertal leptin levels are associated with earlier menarcheal age.
age at menarche and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: a prospective cohort study among 27,482 women.
endocrine changes in adult patients of e-beta thalassemia.
the relationship of puberty with low vitamin d status and insulin resistance in children and adolescents.
associated congenital anomalies and related conditions in children born small for gestational age-our experiences.
metabolic syndrome and insulin resistance in obese adolescent boys.
metabolic syndrome in obese children and adolescents-influence of the degree of obesity, age, gender and puberty.
insulin sensitivity in girls with central precocious puberty at diagnosis and at 6 months of gnrh analogue treatment.
exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus (gdm) is associated with earlier pubertal timing in the offspring: the epoch study.
the shape of the plasma glucose curve during an oral glucose tolerance test as an indicator of beta cell function and insulin sensitivity in end-pubertal obese girls.
association between age at menarche and diabetes in korean post-menopausal women: results from the korea national health and nutrition examination survey (2007–2009).
maternal pregravid obesity accelerates the timing of pubertal onset in daughters.
early menarche increases the risk of type 2 diabetes in young and middle-aged korean women.
age at menarche and its association with dysglycemia in korean middle-aged women.
cardiometabolic risk factors and insulin resistance in obese children and adolescents: relation to puberty.
adolescent oligomenorrhea (age 14-19) tracks into the third decade of life (age 20-28) and predicts increased cardiovascular risk factors and metabolic syndrome.
treated and untreated women with idiopathic precocious puberty: bmi evolution, metabolic outcome, and general health between third and fifth decades.
age at menarche and cardiometabolic risk in adulthood: the coronary artery risk development in young adults study.
earlier age at menarche is associated with higher diabetes risk and cardiometabolic disease risk factors in brazilian adults: brazilian longitudinal study of adult health (elsa-brasil).
systematic review and meta-analysis of age at menarche and risk of type 2 diabetes.
relationship between female reproductive history and carotid atherosclerosis.
metabolic setup and risks in obese children.
vitamin d insufficiency and insulin resistance in obese adolescents.
habitually higher dietary glycemic index during puberty is prospectively related to increased risk markers of type 2 diabetes in younger adulthood.
age at menarche and type 2 diabetes risk: the epic-interact study.
clinical outcomes of diabetic angiopathy in children and adolescents.
pelvic ultrasound findings in prepubertal girls with precocious adrenarche born appropriate for gestational age with evidence of metabolic correlates of pcos.
vascular alterations and risk factor profile in pre-pubertal obese children after two years of follow up.
the effect of urinary bisphenol a on short-term repeated measurements of androgen hormones and insulin resistance: ewha birth &growth cohort study.
age at menarche, leg length, and type 2 diabetes in brazilian adults: findings from the brazilian longitudinal study of adult health (elsa-brasil).
timing and duration of obesity in relation to diabetes: findings from an ethnically diverse, nationally representative sample.
impact of gestational diabetes mellitus on pubertal changes in adiposity and metabolic profiles in latino offspring.
ectopic fat deposition in prediabetic overweight and obese minority adolescents.
ethnic influence on the prevalence of metabolic syndrome in an obese pediatric population.
early pubertal development and insulin sensitivity among school-aged girls: mediation via adiposity.
persistent defects in pancreatic β-cell function in early pubertal female relatives of women with polycystic ovary syndrome in a three year longitudinal study.
association of female reproductive factors with body composition: the framingham heart study.
metabolic syndrome in obese adolescents: what is enough?.
association of age at menarche with metabolic syndrome and its components in rural bangladeshi women.
age at adiposity rebound is associated with fat mass in young adult males-the good study.
insulin resistance rises before puberty - with important implications for metabolic health: 10-year longitudinal study.
age at menarche and risk of type 2 diabetes among african-american and white women in the atherosclerosis risk in communities (aric) study.
mendelian randomization study of the association of age at menarche and type 2 diabetes.
the role of bmi across the life course in the relationship between age at menarche and diabetes, in a british birth cohort.
pubertal timing and growth influences cardiometabolic risk factors in adult males and females.
age at menarche, the leg length to sitting height ratio, and risk of diabetes in middle-aged and elderly chinese men and women.
age before stage: insulin resistance rises before the onset of puberty: a 9-year longitudinal study (earlybird 26).
age at menarche is associated with prediabetes and diabetes in women (aged 32-81 years) from the general population: the kora f4 study.
high prevalence of hirsutism and menstrual disorders in obese adolescent girls and adolescent girls with type 1 diabetes mellitus despite different hormonal profiles.
the relation of vitamin d deficiency with puberty and insulin resistance in obese children and adolescents.
interrelationship of extent of precocious adrenarche in appropriate for gestational age girls with clinical outcome.
prevalence of metabolic syndrome among obese school students.
insulin resistance rises from mid-childhood, before the onset of puberty: longitudinal data from the earlybird study.
longitudinal association between igfbp-1 levels and parameters of the metabolic syndrome in obese children before and after weight loss.
relationship between insulin resistance and puberty in children with increased cardiometabolic risk.
age at menarche and physician-diagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus in chinese singaporeans: the singapore chinese health study.
the cardiovascular risk of girls with premature pubarche: a case-control study.
pubertal changes of insulin sensitivity, acute insulin response, and β-cell function in overweight latino youth.
effect of weight reduction on insulin sensitivity, sex hormone-binding globulin, sex hormones and gonadotrophins in obese children.
menstrual irregularity: a possible clinical marker of metabolic dysfunction in women with class iii obesity.
new factors of cardiometabolic risk in severely obese children: influence of pubertal status.
hostility and adiposity mediate disparities in insulin resistance among adolescents and young adults.
treatment of adolescent hyperandrogenism.
insulin sensitivity and lipid profiles in girls with central precocious puberty before and during gonadal suppression.
associations between insulin and glucose concentrations and anthropometric measures of fat mass in australian adolescents.
weight status continuity and change from adolescence to young adulthood: examining disease and health risk conditions.
a comprehensive study of irish children with prader willi syndrome aged 2 to 14 years: demographics, clinical features, laboratory, auxology, polysomnography, quality of life, behaviour and the effects of growth hormone treatment.
age at menarche and risk of type 2 diabetes: results from 2 large prospective cohort studies.
adiponectin levels, cardiometabolic risk factors and markers of subclinical atherosclerosis in children.
intrabdominal fat is related to metabolic risk factors in hispanic americans, african americans and in girls.
parental diabetes, pubertal stage, and extreme obesity are the main risk factors for prediabetes in children and adolescents: a simple risk score to identify children at risk for prediabetes.
sex hormones and metabolic syndrome in children and adolescents.
obesity attenuates the contribution of african admixture to the insulin secretory profile in peripubertal children: a longitudinal analysis.
association between leptin and transaminases: 1-year follow-up study in 180 overweight children.
elevated coagulation and inflammatory markers in adolescents with a history of premature adrenarche.
baseline correlates of insulin resistance in inner city high-bmi african-american children.
trends, associations and predictions of insulin resistance in prepubertal children (earlybird 29).
association between age at menarche and risk of diabetes in adults: results from the epic-norfolk cohort study.
alternative methods of insulin sensitivity assessment in obese children and adolescents.
public health implications of altered puberty timing.
age of menarche and the metabolic syndrome in china.
adiponectin independently predicts metabolic syndrome in overweight latino youth.
pubertal timing is an independent predictor of central adiposity in young adult males: the gothenburg osteoporosis and obesity determinants study.
longitudinal changes in insulin sensitivity, insulin secretion, and β-cell function during puberty.
cardiovascular risk and metabolic profile in obese children and adolescents with low insulin sensitivity.
british south asians aged 13-16 years have higher fasting glucose and insulin levels than europeans.
insulin gene variable number of tandem repeats is associated with increased fat mass during adolescence in non-obese girls.
age at menarche, abnormal glucose tolerance and type 2 diabetes mellitus: the rancho bernardo study.
relation between acanthosis nigricans and insulin sensitivity in overweight hispanic children at risk for type 2 diabetes.
longitudinal changes in risk variables underlying metabolic syndrome x from childhood to young adulthood in female subjects with a history of early menarche: the bogalusa heart study.
energy balance, body composition, and puberty in children and adolescents: importance of ethnicity.
racial divergence in adiposity during adolescence: the nhlbi growth and health study.
liver steatosis in juvenile obesity: correlations with lipid profile, hepatic biochemical parameters and glycemic and insulinemic responses to an oral glucose tolerance test.
dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate levels in women. relationships with age, body mass index and insulin levels.
precocious pubarche, dyslipidemia, and low igf binding protein-1 in girls: relation to reduced prenatal growth.
increased serum ghbp levels in obese pubertal children and adolescents: relationship to body composition, leptin and indicators of metabolic disturbances.
black-white contrasts in insulin levels during pubertal development: the bogalusa heart study.
pancreatitis in childhood.
.
there are 19 target papers found during the search in pubmed!.
they are:.
reproductive factors and risk of type 2 diabetes in an occupational cohort of chinese women.
duration of reproductive lifespan and age at menarche in relation to metabolic syndrome in postmenopausal chinese women.
in the end, 17 target papers were left after filtering!.
the number of target article missing is: 2.
false positive rate: 0.17663421418636996.
false negative rate: 0.10526315789473684.

Included target articles are as follow:
age at menarche and incidence of diabetes: a prospective study of 300,000 women in china.
age at menarche and cardiometabolic risk in adulthood: the coronary artery risk development in young adults study.
age at menarche, abnormal glucose tolerance and type 2 diabetes mellitus: the rancho bernardo study.
association between age at menarche and risk of diabetes in adults: results from the epic-norfolk cohort study.
age at menarche, the leg length to sitting height ratio, and risk of diabetes in middle-aged and elderly chinese men and women.
duration of reproductive lifespan and age at menarche in relation to metabolic syndrome in postmenopausal chinese women.
the role of bmi across the life course in the relationship between age at menarche and diabetes, in a british birth cohort.
age at menarche and type 2 diabetes risk: the epic-interact study.
menarcheal age and risk of type 2 diabetes: a community-based cohort study.
age of menarche and the metabolic syndrome in china.
association of age at menarche with metabolic syndrome and its components in rural bangladeshi women.
age at menarche and its association with dysglycemia in korean middle-aged women.
association between age at menarche and diabetes in korean post-menopausal women: results from the korea national health and nutrition examination survey (2007–2009).
early menarche increases the risk of type 2 diabetes in young and middle-aged korean women.
reproductive factors and risk of type 2 diabetes in an occupational cohort of chinese women.
menstrual and reproductive factors and type 2 diabetes risk: the japan public health center-based prospective study.
age at menarche and risk of type 2 diabetes: results from 2 large prospective cohort studies.
age at menarche and risk of type 2 diabetes among african-american and white women in the atherosclerosis risk in communities (aric) study.
earlier age at menarche is associated with higher diabetes risk and cardiometabolic disease risk factors in brazilian adults: brazilian longitudinal study of adult health (elsa-brasil).
