total number of articles searched: 220.
objectives: ['systematically review published evidence on the association between puberty timing and type 2 diabetes or impaired glucose tolerance.', 'evaluate the association between puberty timing and type 2 diabetes/impaired glucose tolerance, independent of adiposity.', 'estimate the potential contribution of puberty timing to the burden of type 2 diabetes in the united kingdom.'].
pubertal changes of insulin sensitivity, acute insulin response, and beta-cell function in overweight latino youth.
[clinical features, reproductive endocrine and metabolic abnormalities of adolescent girls with polycystic ovary syndrome].
reduced arterial compliance associated with metabolic syndrome in chinese children and adolescents.
gnrh analog therapy in girls with early puberty is associated with the achievement of predicted final height but also with increased risk of polycystic ovary syndrome.
insulin-like growth factor-i (igf-i) serum concentrations in healthy children and adolescents: relationship to level of contamination by ddt-derivative pesticides.
insulin dose adjustment when changing from multiple daily injections to continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion in the pediatric age group.
sexual maturation and metabolic profile among adolescents and children of the health worker cohort study in mexico.
onset of puberty and cardiovascular risk factors in untreated obese children and adolescents: a 1-year follow-up study.
impact of the growth hormone receptor exon 3 deletion gene polymorphism on glucose metabolism, lipids, and insulin-like growth factor-i levels during puberty.
retinol-binding protein 4 and its relation to insulin resistance in obese children before and after weight loss.
evaluation of insulin resistance in turkish girls with premature pubarche using the homeostasis assessment (homa) model.
17-hydroxyprogesterone responses to gonadotropin-releasing hormone disclose distinct phenotypes of functional ovarian hyperandrogenism and polycystic ovary syndrome.
shorter remission period in young versus older children with diabetes mellitus type 1.
[study on the level changes of obesity-associated factors and puberty-associated hormones and their relationship between obese and normal 13 years old children].
opposing influences of prenatal and postnatal growth on the timing of menarche.
early and late weight gain and the timing of puberty.
the emerging role of leptin in humans.
longitudinal changes in insulin sensitivity, insulin secretion, and beta-cell function during puberty.
glucose intolerance in a large cohort of mediterranean women with polycystic ovary syndrome: phenotype and associated factors.
serum lipids, glucose homeostasis and abdominal adipose tissue distribution in protease inhibitor-treated and naive hiv-infected children.
fat distribution in non-obese girls with and without precocious pubarche: central adiposity related to insulinaemia and androgenaemia from prepuberty to postmenarche.
prevalence and concomitants of glucose intolerance in european obese children and adolescents.
association of physical activity with insulin sensitivity in children.
circulating plasma leptin and igf-1 levels in girls with premature adrenarche: potential implications of a preliminary study.
high serum leptin levels in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus: contribution of age, bmi, pubertal development and metabolic status.
impaired glucose tolerance in adolescent offspring of diabetic mothers. relationship to fetal hyperinsulinism.
serum insulin and other cardiovascular risk indicators in children, adolescents and young adults.
microalbuminuria in diabetic children and adolescents. relationship with puberty and growth hormone.
contribution of diabetes duration before puberty to development of microvascular complications in iddm subjects.
there are 4 target papers found during the search in pubmed!.
in the end, 4 target papers were left after filtering!.
the number of target article missing is: 0.
false positive rate: 0.16818181818181818.
false negative rate: 0.0.

Included target articles are as follow:
age at menarche and incidence of diabetes: a prospective study of 300,000 women in china.
age at menarche and cardiovascular risk factors using mendelian randomization in the guangzhou biobank cohort study.
age at menarche and cardiometabolic risk in adulthood: the coronary artery risk development in young adults study.
age at menarche, abnormal glucose tolerance and type 2 diabetes mellitus: the rancho bernardo study.
association between age at menarche and risk of diabetes in adults: results from the epic-norfolk cohort study.
age at menarche, the leg length to sitting height ratio, and risk of diabetes in middle-aged and elderly chinese men and women.
duration of reproductive lifespan and age at menarche in relation to metabolic syndrome in postmenopausal chinese women.
puberty timing associated with diabetes, cardiovascular disease and also diverse health outcomes in men and women: the uk biobank study.
the role of bmi across the life course in the relationship between age at menarche and diabetes, in a british birth cohort.
age at menarche and type 2 diabetes risk: the epic-interact study.
menarcheal age and risk of type 2 diabetes: a community-based cohort study.
age of menarche and the metabolic syndrome in china.
association of age at menarche with metabolic syndrome and its components in rural bangladeshi women.
associations between age at menarche and menopause with cardiovascular disease, diabetes, and osteoporosis in chinese women.
age at menarche and its association with dysglycemia in korean middle-aged women.
early menarche increases the risk of type 2 diabetes in young and middle-aged korean women.
association between age at menarche and risk factors for cardiovascular diseases in korean women: the 2010 to 2013 korea national health and nutrition examination survey.
reproductive factors and risk of type 2 diabetes in an occupational cohort of chinese women.
menstrual and reproductive factors and type 2 diabetes risk: the japan public health center-based prospective study.
age at menarche and risk of type 2 diabetes: results from 2 large prospective cohort studies.
age at menarche and risk of type 2 diabetes among african-american and white women in the atherosclerosis risk in communities (aric) study.
earlier age at menarche is associated with higher diabetes risk and cardiometabolic disease risk factors in brazilian adults: brazilian longitudinal study of adult health (elsa-brasil).
