total number of articles searched: 466.
radiation therapy quality assurance analysis of alliance a021501: preoperative mfolfirinox or mfolfirinox plus hypofractionated radiation therapy for borderline resectable adenocarcinoma of the pancreas.
preoperative mdct assessment of resectability in borderline resectable pancreatic cancer: effect of neoadjuvant chemoradiation therapy.
efficacy of preoperative mfolfirinox vs mfolfirinox plus hypofractionated radiotherapy for borderline resectable adenocarcinoma of the pancreas: the a021501 phase 2 randomized clinical trial.
neoadjuvant and adjuvant therapy of ductal pancreatic carcinoma.
a randomized, phase ii clinical trial of preoperative stereotactic body radiation therapy versus conventionally fractionated chemoradiation for resectable, borderline-resectable, or locally advanced type a pancreatic adenocarcinoma.
neoadjuvant treatment in resectable pancreatic cancer.
patterns of failure after neoadjuvant stereotactic body radiation therapy or fractionated chemoradiation in resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic cancer.
neoadjuvant chemoradiation in patients with borderline resectable pancreatic cancer.
against the motion: resectable pancreatic cancer.
adjuvant versus neoadjuvant plus adjuvant chemotherapy in resectable pancreatic cancer.
neoadjuvant chemoradiation therapy in borderline resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma.
smad4 loss is associated with response to neoadjuvant chemotherapy plus hydroxychloroquine in patients with pancreatic adenocarcinoma.
current view of neoadjuvant chemotherapy in primarily resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma.
the role of radiotherapy in the treatment of pancreatic cancer.
a prospective randomized multi-center study for efficacy of metallic biliary stent compared to plastic stent in patients receiving neoadjuvant chemotherapy for resectable pancreatic cancer.
preoperative chemoradiation for resectable adenocarcinoma of pancreatic head: results of a randomized phase-ii trial.
preoperative chemoradiation for resectable adenocarcinom of the pancreas (isrctn 78805636): results of a randomized trial.
outcomes of neoadjuvant chemoradiation with and without systemic chemotherapy in resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma.
systemic therapy and chemoradiation in advanced localised pancreatic cancer - 2.
preoperative gemcitabine-based chemoradiation therapy for pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma of the body and tail: impact of splenic vessels involvement on operative outcome and pattern of recurrence.
stereotactic body radiotherapy vs conventionally fractionated chemoradiation in locally advanced pancreatic cancer: a multicenter case-control study (paula-1).
1053 effects of neoadjuvant therapy on the occurence of clinical relevant pancreatic fistula after pancreaticoduodenectomy.
neoadjuvant chemotherapy in resectable pancreatic cancer.
postoperative complications following neoadjuvant therapy and surgery in a phase 2 borderline resectable pancreatic cancer clinical trial (alliance a021501).
phase i study of preoperative short-course chemoradiation with proton beam therapy and capecitabine for resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma of the head.
preoperative chemoradiotherapy versus immediate surgery for resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic cancer: results of the dutch randomized phase iii preopanc trial.
preoperative exercise in pancreatic cancer.
surgical complications in a multicenter randomized trial comparing preoperative chemoradiotherapy and immediate surgery in patients with resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic cancer (preopanc trial).
perineural invasion and lymph node involvement as indicators of surgical outcome and pattern of recurrence in the setting of preoperative gemcitabine-based chemoradiation therapy for resectable pancreatic cancer.
neoadjuvant approaches to pancreatic cancer.
landmark series: neoadjuvant treatment in borderline resectable pancreatic cancer.
randomized clinical trials in pancreatic cancer.
effect of neoadjuvant chemotherapy using gemcitabine and s1 before surgery for pancreatic cancer on quality of life.
adjuvant and neoadjuvant treatment for pancreatic adenocarcinoma.
failure to undergo resection following neoadjuvant therapy for resectable pancreatic cancer: a secondary analysis of swog s1505.
development and validation of a nomogram model based on pretreatment ultrasound and contrast-enhanced ultrasound to predict the efficacy of neoadjuvant chemotherapy in patients with borderline resectable or locally advanced pancreatic cancer.
randomized phase ii trial of chemoradiotherapy with s-1 versus combination chemotherapy with gemcitabine and s-1 as neoadjuvant treatment for resectable pancreatic cancer (jaspac 04).
neoadjuvant and adjuvant chemotherapy in pancreatic cancer.
treatment response and survival in patients with pancreatic adenocarcinoma receiving neoaduvant chemotherapy or chemoradiation.
smad4 loss is associated with response to neoadjuvant chemotherapy with hydroxychloroquine in patients with pancreatic adenocarcinoma.
neo-adjuvant folf(irin)ox for resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma.
neoadjuvant therapy for resectable/borderline pancreatic cancer.
adjuvant and neoadjuvant therapy for pancreatic cancer.
perioperative or only adjuvant gemcitabine plus nab-paclitaxel for resectable pancreatic cancer (neonax)-a randomized phase ii trial of the aio pancreatic cancer group.
breath-hold technique for pancreatic stereotactic body radiation therapy (sbrt) patients.
oncological benefits of neoadjuvant chemoradiation with gemcitabine versus upfront surgery in patients with borderline resectable pancreatic cancer: a prospective, randomized, open-label, multicenter phase 2/3 trial.
preoperative treatment with mfolfirinox +/- isotoxic high-dose stereotactic body radiation therapy (ihd-sbrt) for borderline resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma (the stereopac trial): a randomized comparative multicenter phase ii trial.
post-neoadjuvant pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma: tumor burden, not tumor size, may predict outcome.
efficacy of modified folfirinox neoadjuvant chemotherapy combined with surgery on resectable pancreatic cancer.
alliance a021501: preoperative mfolfirinox or mfolfirinox plus hypofractionated radiation therapy (rt) for borderline resectable (br) adenocarcinoma of the pancreas.
impact of resection margin status on survival in pancreatic cancer patients after neoadjuvant treatment and pancreatoduodenectomy.
phase ii study of neoadjuvant chemotherapy with gemcitabine and s1 for resectable pancreatic carcinoma.
phase ii study of neoadjuvant chemotherapy with gemcitabine and s1 (gs therapy) for resectable pancreatic carcinoma.
association of smad4 loss with response to neoadjuvant chemotherapy with the autophagy inhibitor hydroxychloroquine in patients with pancreatic adenocarcinoma.
pre-operative/neoadjuvant therapy and vascular debranching followed by resection for locally advanced pancreatic cancer (prevader): clinical feasibility trial.
lesson from chemoradiotherapy followed by surgery for borderline and locally advanced pancreatic cancer (brpc and lapc).
neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy vs surgery for pancreatic cancer. a multi-centre randomised phase ii trial.
effect of neoadjuvant nab-paclitaxel plus gemcitabine therapy on overall survival in patients with borderline resectable pancreatic cancer: a prospective multicenter phase ii trial (nac-ga trial).
neo-adjuvant therapy or surgery in carcinoma pancreas.
randomized multicenter study of neoadjuvant chemoradiation therapy (crt) alone or in combination with pembrolizumab in patients with resectable or borderline resectable pancreatic cancer.
neoadjuvant s-1 with concurrent radiotherapy followed by surgery for borderline resectable pancreatic cancer: study protocol for an open-label, multicentre, prospective phase ii trial (jaspac05).
immunological gene signature associated with the tumor microenvironment of pancreatic cancer after neoadjuvant chemotherapy.
a phase-i trial of pre-operative, margin intensive, stereotactic body radiation therapy for pancreatic cancer: the 'sparc' trial protocol.
alliance for clinical trials in oncology (alliance) trial a021501: preoperative extended chemotherapy vs. chemotherapy plus hypofractionated radiation therapy for borderline resectable adenocarcinoma of the head of the pancreas.
efficacy of active hexose correlated compound on survival of patients with resectable/borderline resectable pancreatic cancer: a study protocol for a double-blind randomized phase ii study.
gemcitabine-nab-paclitaxel as neoadjuvant treatment for resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma.
multimodality treatment approach for locally advanced pancreatic cancer.
preoperative treatment with mfolfirinox or gemcitabine/nab-paclitaxel +/- isotoxic high-dose stereotactic body radiation therapy (ihd-sbrt) for borderline resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma (the stereopac trial): study protocol for a randomised comparative multicenter phase ii trial.
effect of diabetes and smoking on the pathological response of neoadjuvant therapy in pancreatic adenocarcinoma.
a phase 3 randomized clinical trial of chemotherapy with or without algenpantucel-l (hyperacute-pancreas) immunotherapy in subjects with borderline resectable or locally advanced unresectable pancreatic cancer.
ypt0, ypn0, ypm0 resection in locally advanced pancreas ductal adenocarcinoma with synchronous liver metastases, following neoadjuvant chemoradioimmunotherapy and surgery.
r0-resection following chemotherapy or chemoradiation improves survival of primary inoperable pancreatic cancer patients. interim results of the conko-007 prospective randomized multicenter trial.
a prospective randomized control study of neo-adjuvant chemo radiation followed by surgery versus upfront surgery in resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic head cancer: pilot study.
gemcitabine/nab-paclitaxel with pamrevlumab: a novel drug combination and trial design for the treatment of locally advanced pancreatic cancer.
phase i study of nab-paclitaxel plus gemcitabine as neoadjuvant therapy for borderline resectable pancreatic cancer.
lba62 preoperative modified folfirinox (mfolfirinox) with or without chemoradiation (crt) in borderline resectable pancreatic cancer (brpc): results from the randomized phase ii trial pandas/prodige 44.
external validity of the multicenter randomized preopanc trial on neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy in pancreatic cancer: outcome of eligible but nonrandomized patients.
a phase ii trial of two durations of bevacizumab added to neoadjuvant gemcitabine for borderline and locally advanced pancreatic cancer.
impact of treatment duration of neoadjuvant firinox in patients with borderline resectable pancreatic cancer: a pilot trial.
isotoxic high-dose stereotactic body radiotherapy (ihd-sbrt) for the treatment of non-metastastic pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma and the randomised phase ii stereopac trial.
surgical outcome results from swog s1505: a randomized clinical trial of mfolfirinox versus gemcitabine/nab-paclitaxel for perioperative treatment of resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma.
neoadjuvant therapy versus upfront surgery for borderline-resectable pancreatic cancer.
impact of extended antibiotic use after pancreaticoduodenectomy for patients with preoperative metallic biliary stenting treated with neoadjuvant chemotherapy.
a prospective study of intensity-modified radiation therapy in comparison with conventional 3d-rt for br pancreatic cancer patients with arterial involvement.
trial protocol: a randomised controlled trial to verify the non-inferiority of a partially covered self-expandable metal stent to an uncovered self-expandable metal stent for biliary drainage during neoadjuvant therapy in patients with pancreatic cancer with obstructive jaundice (pun-nac trial).
alliance for clinical trials in oncology trial a021501: preoperative extended chemotherapy vs. chemotherapy plus hypofractionated radiation therapy for borderline resectable adenocarcinoma of the head of the pancreas.
neoadjuvant plus adjuvant or only adjuvant nab-paclitaxel plus gemcitabine for resectable pancreatic cancer - the neonax trial (aio-pak-0313), a prospective, randomized, controlled, phase ii study of the aio pancreatic cancer group.
survival outcomes of neoadjuvant versus adjuvant chemotherapy in early-stage pancreatic adenocarcinoma: a subgroup analysis of the national cancer database.
regional chemotherapy in locally advanced pancreatic cancer: reclap trial.
neoadjuvant folfirinox versus upfront surgery for resectable pancreatic head cancer (norpact-1): a multicentre, randomised, phase 2 trial.
folfirinox versus gemcitabine/nab-paclitaxel for neoadjuvant treatment of resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma: a propensity matched analysis.
prospective randomized trial of preoperative chemotherapy using folfirinox regimen, with or without preoperative concomitant chemotherapy and radiotherapy in patients with a potentially resectable pancreatic cancer.
sy21-3 perioperative treatments for resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma.
phase ii study of neoadjuvant chemotherapy with gemcitabine and s1 (gs therapy) for resectable pancreatic carcinoma (nac gs2+2).
phase ii study of neoadjuvant chemotherapy with gemcitabine and s1 (gs therapy) for resectable pancreatic carcinoma (nac gs3).
nivolumab and a ccr2/ccr5 dual antagonist (bms-813160) with or without gvax for locally advanced pancreatic ductal adenocarcinomas: results of phase i study.
phase ii study of preoperative folfirinox versus gemcitabine/nab-paclitaxel in patients with resectable pancreatic cancer.
swog s1505: initial findings on eligibility and neoadjuvant chemotherapy experience with mfolfirinox versus gemcitabine/nab-paclitaxel for resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma.
neoadjuvant treatment for resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic cancer: chemotherapy or chemoradiotherapy?.
efficacy of neoadjuvant folfirinox for borderline resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma.
neoadjuvant folfirinox versus adjuvant gemcitabine in pancreatic cancer.
perioperative or adjuvant nab-paclitaxel plus gemcitabine for resectable pancreatic cancer: updated final results of the randomized phase ii aio-neonax trial.
pathologic tumor response to neoadjuvant therapy in borderline resectable pancreatic cancer.
simultaneous resection of the primary tumour and liver metastases after conversion chemotherapy versus standard therapy in pancreatic cancer with liver oligometastasis: protocol of a multicentre, prospective, randomised phase iii control trial (cspac-1).
the yield of staging laparoscopy for resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic cancer in the preopanc randomized controlled trial.
gemcitabine hydrochloride with or without erlotinib hydrochloride followed by the same chemotherapy regimen with or without radiation therapy and capecitabine or fluorouracil in treating patients with pancreatic cancer that has been removed by surgery.
predictive factors of pathologic response in patients with localized pancreatic cancer treated with induction chemotherapy and stereotactic body radiation therapy.
a clinical phase-ii trial of neoadjuvant chemoradiation therapy using s-1 for locally advanced pancreatic cancer (perseus-gp-01).
neoadjuvant therapy for resectable pancreatic cancer: a new standard of care. pooled data from 3 randomized controlled trials.
r0 resection following chemo (radio)therapy improves survival of primary inoperable pancreatic cancer patients. interim results of the german randomized conko-007± trial.
randomized phase ii study of gemcitabine plus radiotherapy versus gemcitabine, 5-fluorouracil, and cisplatin followed by radiotherapy and 5-fluorouracil for patients with locally advanced, potentially resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma.
efficacy of nutritional support and prehabilitation before pancreas surgery.
comparisons of different neoadjuvant chemotherapy regimens with or without stereotactic body radiation therapy for borderline resectable pancreatic cancer: study protocol of a prospective, randomized phase ii trial (brpcncc-1).
neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy versus upfront surgery for resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic cancer: long-term results of the dutch randomized preopanc trial.
a randomized phase ii trial on neoadjuvant chemotherapy in resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma.
phase ib study testing neoadjuvant transforming growth factor (tgf)-b antibody, nis793, plus 5-fluorouracil, irinotecan, and oxaliplatin chemotherapy (folfirinox) in patients (pts) with borderline resectable (br)/locally advanced (la) pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (pdac).
status of surgical studies in oncology. ii.
preoperative chemoradiotherapy versus immediate surgery for resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic cancer (preopanc-1): a randomized, controlled, multicenter phase iii trial.
jcog2101c: preoperative therapy of gs vs. gnp randomized trial for resectable pancreatic cancer in geriatric patients.
neoadjuvant chemotherapy with gemcitabine and s1 (gs) for pancreatic cancer planned resection.
'heatpac' - a phase ii randomized study of concurrent thermochemoradiotherapy versus chemoradiotherapy alone in locally advanced pancreatic cancer.
randomized multicenter phase ii/iii study with adjuvant gemcitabine versus neoadjuvant/adjuvant folfirinox in resectable pancreatic cancer: the nepafox trial.
improved surgical margins with neoadjuvant versus adjuvant chemotherapy in clinical stage i resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma: a national cancer database study.
neoadjuvant folfirinox versus neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy and adjuvant chemotherapy for (borderline) resectable pancreatic cancer: update on the preopanc-2 study.
laparoscopic versus open pancreatoduodenectomy following neoadjuvant chemotherapy for brpc.
post-stereotactic body radiation therapy (sbrt) neutrophil-to- lymphocyte ratio (nlr) in patients with borderline resectable pancreatic cancer (brpc) may be a prognostic biomarker.
effect of preoperative arterial infusion chemotherapy and chemoradiation therapy for locally advanced resectable pancreatic cancer.
feasibility and efficacy of preoperative chemoradiation and postoperative liver perfusion chemotherapy for t3 (uicc) pancreatic cancer.
efficacy and safety of neoadjuvant therapy with stereotactic body radiation therapy followed by nab-paclitaxel/gemcitabine plus camrelizumab for resectable, borderline resectable and locally advanced pancreatic cancer: preliminary results.
enhanced antitumour immunity following neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy mediates a favourable prognosis in women with resected pancreatic cancer.
preliminary safety data from a randomized multicenter phase ib/ii study of neoadjuvant chemoradiation therapy (crt) alone or in combination with pembrolizumab in patients with resectable or borderline resectable pancreatic cancer.
quality assurance of the preopanc trial (2012-003181-40) for preoperative radiochemotherapy in pancreatic cancer : the dummy run.
multicenter prospective randomized phase ii/iii study of neoadjuvant chemoradiation with gemcitabine in patients with borderline resectable pancreatic cancer.
impact of nationwide enhanced implementation of best practices in pancreatic cancer care (pacap-1): a multicenter stepped-wedge cluster randomized controlled trial.
clinical trials of systemic chemotherapy for resectable pancreatic cancer: a review.
predictors of nonresection following neoadjuvant therapy for resectable pdac: analysis of swog s1505.
clinical implication of nutrition for neoadjuvant therapy and impact of nutritional support in pancreatic cancer.
neofol-r trial (perioperative versus adjuvnat folfirinox in resectable pancreatic cancer).
testing the use of the usual chemotherapy before and after surgery for removable pancreatic cancer.
survival analysis after neoadjuvant therapy in patients with resectable pancreatic cancer and risk factors.
a phase ii trial of neoadjuvant gemcitabine/nab-paclitaxel and sbrt for potentially resectable pancreas cancer: an evaluation of acute toxicity.
impact of nodal and margin status in pancreatic cancer patients undergoing surgery and chemotherapy: national cancer database analysis 2004-2014.
sequential neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy (crt) followed by curative surgery vs. primary surgery alone for resectable, non-metastasized pancreatic adenocarcinoma: neopa- a randomized multicenter phase iii study (nct01900327, drks00003893, isrctn82191749).
a trial of neoadjuvant modified folfirinox chemotherapy for resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma.
alliance a021806: a phase iii trial evaluating perioperative versus adjuvant therapy for resectable pancreatic cancer.
is adjuvant 5-fu-based chemoradiotherapy for resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma beneficial? a meta-analysis of an unanswered question.
a phase ii trial of neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy with intensity-modulated radiotherapy combined with gemcitabine and s-1 for borderline-resectable pancreatic cancer with arterial involvement.
hurry up and wait: multi-agent chemotherapy for early-stage pancreatic cancer.
personalized treatment in localized pancreatic cancer.
results of a phase ii study on the use of neoadjuvant chemotherapy (folfirinox or gem/nab-ptx) for borderline-resectable pancreatic cancer (nupat-01).
the role of octreotide in preventing complications after pancreatoduodenectomy for cancer.
efficacy of perioperative chemotherapy for resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma: a phase 2 randomized clinical trial.
neoadjuvant nab-paclitaxel plus gemcitabine therapy for resectable pancreatic cancer.
nab-paclitaxel plus gemcitabine versus nab-paclitaxel plus gemcitabine followed by folfirinox induction chemotherapy in locally advanced pancreatic cancer (neolap-aio-pak-0113): a multicentre, randomised, phase 2 trial.
outcomes of neoadjuvant gemcitabine plus s-1 and radiation therapy for borderline resectable pancreatic cancer.
survival outcomes between surgery with adjuvant therapy compared to neoadjuvant therapy with surgery in stage i pancreatic adenocarcinoma: results from a large national cancer database.
elevated ca 19-9 predicts the presence of metastatic aortocaval lymph nodes and impaired survival in resected patients with borderline and locally advanced pancreatic cancer.
neoadjuvant folfirinox versus neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy and adjuvant chemotherapy for resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic cancer: update on the nationwide multicenter preopanc-2 randomized trial.
analyses for clinical outcomes of gs and gnp neoadjuvant therapies followed by surgery for borderline resectable pancreatic cancer.
adjuvant gemcitabine versus neoadjuvant/adjuvant folfirinox in resectable pancreatic cancer: the randomized multicenter phase ii nepafox trial.
swog s1505: a randomized phase ii study of perioperative mfolfirinox vs. gemcitabine/nab-paclitaxel as therapy for resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma.
randomized, open-label trial of gemcitabine/nab-paclitaxel (g/np) ± pamrevlumab (p) as neoadjuvant chemotherapy in locally advanced, unresectable pancreatic cancer (lapc).
randomized phase ii trial of neoadjuvant chemotherapy with modified folfirinox versus modified folfirinox and pd-1 antibody for borderline resectable and locally advanced pancreatic cancer (the cispd-4 study).
1060 resection rate and survival after neoadjuvant therapy for borderline resectable and locally advanced pancreatic cancer: a prospective cohort study.
phase ii/iii study of gemcitabine and s-1 (gs therapy) as neoadjuvant chemotherapy for resectable pancreatic cancer (prep-02/jsap-05).
lba83 neoadjuvant chemotherapy with folfirinox versus neoadjuvant gemcitabine-based chemoradiotherapy for borderline resectable and resectable pancreatic cancer (preopanc-2): a multicenter randomized controlled trial.
sbrt vs conventionally fractionated radiochemotherapy for pancreatic cancer: a case-control study.
the benefit of adjuvant chemotherapy following pancreaticoduodenectomy for pancreatic adenocarcinoma depends on response to neoadjuvant therapy.
initial treatment and survival in a national unselected danish cohort of 4161 patients with pancreatic cancer.
surgical complications after preoperative chemoradiotherapy in patients with resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic cancer in a multicentre, randomised controlled clinical trial (preopanc-1).
randomized phase 2 trial of peri-or post-operative chemotherapy in resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma.
the (cost)effectiveness of preoperative chemotherapy versus preoperative gemcitabine based chemoradiotherapy and adjuvant gemcitabine in patients with pancreatic cancer.
a randomized, open-label, phase i/ii trial of gemcitabine plus nab-paclitaxel with or without fg-3019 as neoadjuvant chemotherapy in locally advanced, unresectable pancreatic cancer.
neoadjuvant gemcitabine/oxaliplatin plus adjuvant gemcitabine in resectable pancreatic cancer.
adjuvant gemcitabine versus neoadjuvant gemcitabine/oxaliplatin plus adjuvant gemcitabine in resectable pancreatic cancer: a randomized multicenter phase iii study (neopac study).
comparison of neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy for resectable and borderline resectable periampullary carcinoma with upfront surgery: a prospective randomised study.
feasibility and efficacy of gemcitabine plus albumin-bound paclitaxel combination therapy (gem+nabptx therapy) in patients with borderline resectable pancreatic cancer in the neoadjvant setting.
prospective randomized multicenter phase ii trial to investigate intensified neoadjuvant chemotherapy in locally advanced pancreatic cancer.
neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy and surgery versus surgery alone in resectable pancreatic cancer: a single-center prospective, randomized, controlled trial which failed to achieve accrual targets.
surgical outcomes and rate of pathological response in resectable/borderline resectable pancreatic cancer patients undergoing neoadjuvant gemcitabine/nab-paclitaxel versus folfirinox: a retrospective institutional analysis.
a multicenter, prospective randomized study comparing fully covered metal stent and plastic stent for preoperative biliary drainage in resectable pancreatic cancer.
a randomized multicenter phase ib/ii study to assess the immunological effect of chemoradiation therapy (crt) in combination with pembrolizumab compared to crt alone in resectable or borderline resectable pancreatic cancer.
trial to investigate intensified neoadjuvant chemotherapy in locally advanced pancreatic cancer.
uracil and ftorafur (uft) and radiotherapy in patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer.
neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy and surgery versus surgery alone in resectable pancreatic cancer: long term follow-up results from a single-center prospective, randomized, controlled trial.
safety and efficacy of preoperative or postoperative chemotherapy for resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma (pact-15): a randomised, open-label, phase 2-3 trial.
a randomized multicenter phase ib/ii study to assess the safety and the immunological effect of chemoradiation therapy (crt) in combination with pembrolizumab (anti-pd-1) to crt alone in patients with resectable or borderline resectable pancreatic cancer.
postoperative adverse events following neoadjuvant therapy and surgery for borderline resectable pancreatic cancer in a phase 2 clinical trial (alliance a021501).
preoperative chemotherapy and radiotherapy versus direct surgery in patients with pancreatic cancer: a multicentre study.
neoadjuvant folfirinox versus neoadjuvant gemcitabine-based chemoradiotherapy for borderline resectable and resectable pancreatic cancer (preopanc-2): a multicenter randomized controlled trial.
resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma neo-adjuvant folf(irin)ox-based chemotherapy: a multicenter, non-comparative, randomized, phase ii trial (panache01-prodige48 study).
concurrent hyperthermia and chemoradiotherapy vs. chemoradiotherapy alone in locally advanced pancreatic cancer (heatpac).
randomized phase ii trial of chemoradiotherapy with s-1 versus gemcitabine and s-1 combination therapy as neoadjuvant treatment in patients with resectable pancreatic cancer.
the (cost)effectiveness of neoadjuvant folfirinox versus neoadjuvant gemcitabine based chemoradiotherapy and adjuvant gemcitabine for (borderline) resectable pancreatic cancer.
the clinical impact and analysis for neoadjuvant chemotherapy against borderline resectable pancreatic cancer: gemcitabine plus s-1 vs. gemcitabine plus nab-paclitaxel.
the effect of neoadjuvant chemotherapy with gemcitabine and s-1 for resectable pancreatic cancer (randomized phase ii/iii trial.
patient-reported adverse events during neoadjuvant therapy in a phase 2 borderline resectable pancreatic cancer clinical trial (alliance a021501).
randomized phase ii trial of neoadjuvant chemotherapy with gemcitabine and s-1 vs. without neoadjuvant chemotherapy in patients with resectable pancreatic cancer.
ercc-1 as a predictive biomarker for radioresistance in resected pancreatic cancer undergoing perioperative radiotherapy.
impact of nationwide implementation of best practices in pancreatic cancer care (pacap-1): a stepped-wedge cluster randomised controlled trial.
safety and immunological effect of pembrolizumab in resectable or borderline resectable pancreatic cancer.
immediate surgery compared with short-course neoadjuvant gemcitabine plus capecitabine, folfirinox, or chemoradiotherapy in patients with borderline resectable pancreatic cancer (espac5): a four-arm, multicentre, randomised, phase 2 trial.
preoperative radiochemotherapy versus immediate surgery for resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic cancer (preopanc trial): study protocol for a multicentre randomized controlled trial.
precision medicine in pancreatic cancer: patient-derived organoid pharmacotyping is a predictive biomarker of clinical treatment response.
comparing survival outcomes for neoadjuvant therapy versus adjuvant therapy in the management of stage 1 pancreatic adenocarcinoma: a national cancer database study.
randomized phase ii trial of immediate surgery comparedwith neoadjuvant gemcitabine plus capecitabine (gemcap) or folfirinox or chemoradiotherapy (crt) in patientswith borderline resectable pancreatic cancer.
clinical study of neoadjuvant therapy used in borderline resectable pancreatic cancer.
neoadjuvant radiation therapy concurrent with s-1 followed by systemic s-1/gemcitabine therapy for borderline resectable pancreatic cancer patients.
predictive value of computed tomography on surgical resectability in locally advanced pancreatic cancer treated with multiagent induction chemotherapy: results from a prospective, multicentre phase 2 trial (neolap-aio-pak-0113).
a phase ii trial of neoadjuvant chemotherapy using gsl (gem+ts-1+lv) for borderline resectable and locally advanced unresectable pancreatic cancer.
a double-blind randomized phase ii study of ahcc for patients with resectable / borderline resectable pancreatic cancer.
randomized phase ii/iii trial of neoadjuvant chemotherapy with gemcitabine and s-1 versus upfront surgery for resectable pancreatic cancer (prep-02/jsap- 05).
greco-2: a randomized, phase 2 study of stereotactic body radiation therapy (sbrt) in combination with gc4711 in the treatment of unresectable or borderline resectable nonmetastatic pancreatic cancer (pc).
the pilot study of neoadjuvant chemotherapy of firinox for patients with borderline resectable pancreatic cancer.
ag vs mfolfirinox as neoadjuvant therapy for borderline reseactable and locally advanced pancreatic cancer.
a randomized phase ii preoperative study of autophagy inhibition with high-dose hydroxychloroquine and gemcitabine/nab-paclitaxel in pancreatic cancer patients.
computer simulated comparison of neoadjuvant versus upfront surgery for resectable pancreatic cancer: the application of machine-learning algorithms to support personalised decision-making.
phase ii study of modified folfirinox as neoadjuvant chemotherapy for borderline resectable pancreatic cancer and locally advanced unresectable pancreatic cancer.
phase ii trial of preoperative modified folfirinox (mfolfirinox) followed by postoperative gemcitabine (gem) in patients (pts) with borderline resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinomas (br-pdac).
new biomarkers to define a biological borderline situation for pancreatic adenocarcinoma: results of an ancillary study of the panache01-prodige48 trial.
design and methodology of lapis, an ongoing, phase iii trial of neoadjuvant pamrevlumab (pam) with chemotherapy (ct) in patients (pts) with unresectable, locally advanced pancreatic cancer (lapc).
a single-arm, phase ii trial of neoadjuvant gemcitabine and s1 in patients with resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma: prep-01 study.
resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma neo-adjuvant folf(irin)ox-based chemotherapy - a multicenter, non-comparative, randomized, phase ii trial (panache01-prodige48 study).
australasian gastro-intestinal trials group (agitg) masterplan: randomized phase ii study of modified neoadjuvant folfirinox alone or in combination with stereotactic radiotherapy (sbrt) for patients with high-risk and locally advanced pancreatic cancer.
preoperative gemcitabine based chemoradiation therapy for resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic cancer phase1 study.
short-course neoadjuvant folfirinox versus upfront surgery for resectable pancreatic head cancer: a multicenter randomized phase-ii trial (norpact-1).
induction chemotherapy in locally advanced pancreatic cancer (lapc)-final results of a multicenter randomized phase 2 aio trial (neolap).
total neoadjuvant folfirinox or gemcitabine-based chemoradiotherapy and adjuvant gemcitabine for resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic cancer (preopanc-2): a nationwide multicenter randomized controlled trial.
divestment for artery-involved pancreatic cancer.
anzup annual scientific meeting, putting people first.
airpanc: a phase 2, open-label, multicenter, randomized study evaluating neoadjuvant therapy targeting the adenosine immunosuppressive pathway in combination with immune checkpoint blockade and radiation therapy in patients with advanced pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma who are candidates for surgical resection.
combination chemotherapy with or without hypofractionated radiation therapy before surgery in treating patients with pancreatic cancer.
phase ii study of neoadjuvant chemotherapy of gemcitabine+nab-paclitaxel therapy for patients with borderline resectable pancreatic cancer.
randomized phase ii trial of neoadjuvant gemcitabine/s-1 based chemoradiotherapy for potentially resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma.
828 neoadjuvant chemotherapy versus upfront surgery in resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma: a national cancer database intention-to-treat analysis.
randomized phase iii trial of nab-paclitaxel (nab-p) plus gemcitabine (gem) vs gem alone as adjuvant therapy for patients with resected pancreatic cancer: apact.
fully covered self-expandable metal stent with an anti-migration system vs plastic stent for distal biliary obstruction caused by borderline resectable pancreatic cancer: a protocol for systematic review.
deep serial analysis of the tcr/bcr cdr3 adaptome repertoire in peripheral blood of pancreatic cancer patients in a randomized study of neoadjuvant chemotherapy with or without autophagy inhibition.
espac-5f: european study group for pancreatic cancer - trial 5f.
anti-ctgf human recombinant monoclonal antibody pamrevlumab increases resectability and resection rate when combined with gemcitabine/nab-paclitaxel in the treatment of locally advanced pancreatic cancer patients.
feasibility and efficacy of a multicomponent exercise medicine programme in patients with pancreatic cancer undergoing neoadjuvant therapy (the expan trial): study protocol of a dual-centre, two-armed phase i randomised controlled trial.
stereotactic body radiation therapy followed by nalirifox vs nalirifox for borderline resectable pancreatic cancer.
ablation of locally advanced pancreatic cancer with percutaneous irreversible electroporation: results of the phase i/ii panfire study.
a phase ii trial of neoadjuvant and adjuvant chemotherapy with gemcitabine and ts-1 combination for patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer.
influence of a combined dietary and exercise intervention during neoadjuvant treatment on cytokine and immune cell profile: an exploratory pilot study.
the effect of neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy on the immune profile of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma: in-depth analysis of the preopanc-1 randomised controlled trial.
the effect of neoadjuvant therapy on immune profiling of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma: a prospective study of the preopanc-1 randomized controlled trial.
a multicenter, randomized phase ii study of total neoadjuvant therapy (tnt) with folfirinox (ffx) and sbrt, with or without losartan (l) and nivolumab (n) in borderline resectable (br) and locally advanced (la) pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (pdac).
comparison of chemotherapy with radiochemotherapy as treatment of patients with locally advanced, primarily inoperable pancreatic carcinoma.
neoadjuvant chemotherapy for pancreatic cancer followed by gs and gnp.
outcomes after neoadjuvant treatment with gemcitabine and erlotinib followed by gemcitabine-erlotinib and radiotherapy for resectable pancreatic cancer (gemcad 10-03 trial).
randomized controlled trial of 10-fr plastic stent versus 6-mm diameter covered self-expandable metallic stent for preoperative biliary drainage in patient receiving neo-adjuvant chemotherapy for resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic cancer.
borderline resectable pancreatic cancer neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy clinicaltrial-1.
effect of anti-ctgf human recombinant monoclonal antibody pamrevlumab on resectability and resection rate when combined with gemcitabine/nab-paclitaxel in phase 1/2 clinical study for the treatment of locally advanced pancreatic cancer patients.
a multi-institutional, single-arm, phase ii trial of neoadjuvant modified-folfirinox for resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma.
neoadjuvant radiation therapy concurrent with s-1 followed by systemic gemcitabine therapy for borderline resectable pancreatic cancer patients.
swog s1505: a randomized phase ii study of perioperative mfolfirinox vs. gemcitabine/nab-paclitaxel as therapy for resectable pancreatic adenocarcinom.
a clinical phase-ii trial of neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy with s-1 and gemcitabine for locally advanced pancreatic cancer (perseus-gp02).
lba56 perioperative or only adjuvant nab-paclitaxel plus gemcitabine for resectable pancreatic cancer: results of the neonax trial, a randomized phase ii aio study.
dosimetric parameters correlate with duodenal histopathologic damage after stereotactic body radiotherapy for pancreatic cancer: secondary analysis of a prospective clinical trial.
neoadjuvant chemoradiation therapy with gemcitabine/cisplatin and surgery versus immediate surgery in resectable pancreatic cancer: results of the first prospective randomized phase ii trial.
intensity modulated radiotherapy as neoadjuvant chemoradiation for the treatment of patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer. outcome analysis and comparison with a 3d-treated patient cohort.
espac-5f: four arm, international randomised phase ii trial of immediate surgery compared with neoadjuvant gemcitabine plus capecitabine (gemcap) or folfirinox or chemoradiotherapy (crt) in patients with borderline resectable pancreatic cancer.
espac-5f: four-arm, prospective, multicenter, international randomized phase ii trial of immediate surgery compared with neoadjuvant gemcitabine plus capecitabine (gemcap) or folfirinox or chemoradiotherapy (crt) in patients with borderline resectable pancreatic cancer.
neoantigen vaccines in pancreatic cancer in the window prior to surgery.
phase i study of neoadjuvant chemotherapy of gemcitabine plus nab-paclitaxel for patients with borderline resectable pancreatic cancer.
conversion rate in locally advanced pancreatic cancer (lapc) after nab-paclitaxel/gemcitabine- or folfirinox-based induction chemotherapy (neolap): final results of a multicenter randomised phase ii aio trial.
a phase ii study of gemcitabine/nab-paclitaxel/s-1 combination neoadjuvant chemotherapy for patients with borderline resectable pancreatic cancer with arterial contact.
swog s1505: a randomized phase ii study of perioperative mfolfirinox versus gemcitabine/nab-paclitaxel as therapy for resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma.
sequential use of ag and mfolfirinox as neoadjuvant chemotherapy for resectable pancreatic cancer.
the effect of neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy on the immune profile of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma: in-depth analysis of the preopanc-1 randomized controlled trial.
multicenter phase ii study of neoadjuvant chemotherapy of gemcitabine+nab-paclitaxel therapy for patients with resectable pancreatic cancer.
randomized phase ii trial of chemoradiotherapy with s-1 versus gemcitabine and s-1 combination therapy as neoadjuvant treatment in patients with resecatble pancreatic cancer.
perioperative or adjuvant mfolfirinox for resectable pancreatic cancer (preopanc-3): study protocol for a multicenter randomized controlled trial.
conko-006: additive therapy in r1-resected pancreatic cancer with gemcitabine plus sorafenib vs. gemcitabine plus placebo over 12 months - a double blind, placebo-controlled phase iib trial.
1685tip perioperative or adjuvant mfolfirinox for resectable pancreatic cancer (preopanc-3): a multicenter randomized controlled trial.
effect of preoperative chemotherapy on short-term outcome after pancreatic resection.
locally advanced pancreatic adenocarcinoma. chemoradiotherapy, reevaluation and secondary resection.
1514p a prospective, single-center, randomized, controlled, evaluator-blinded, feasibility clinical trial for efficacy and safety of a non-tissue destructive compact focused ultrasound system with neoadjuvant folfirinox in locally advanced or borderline resectable pancreatic cancer.
neoadjuvant plus adjuvant or only adjuvant nab-paclitaxel plus gemcitabine for resectable pancreatic cancer - the aio-neonax trial (aio-pak-0313) a prospective, randomized, controlled, phase ii study of the aio pancreatic cancer group.
preoperative gemcitabine plus nab-paclitaxel, concurrent 3d conformal radiation therapy for borderline resectable pancreatic cancer: phase i study.
intensified treatment in patients with oligometastatic pancreatic cancer - multimodal surgical treatment versus systemic chemotherapy alone: a randomized controlled trial - metapanc.
phase ii neoadjuvant chemotheraphy (gemcitabine and nab-paclitaxel vs. mfolfirinox) and sterotatic body radiation therapy for borderline resectable pancreatic cancer.
multicenter randomized controlled trial of neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy alone or in combination with pembrolizumab in patients with resectable or borderline resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma.
nordic pancreatic cancer trial (norpact) - 1.
preoperative gemcitabine plus nab-paclitaxel, concurrent 3d conformal radiation therapy for resectable pancreatic cancer: phase ii study.
neoadjuvant chemotherapy versus surgery first for resectable pancreatic cancer (norwegian pancreatic cancer trial - 1 (norpact-1)) - study protocol for a national multicentre randomized controlled trial.
the feasibility phase ii trial for multidisciplinary therapy for borderline resectable pancreatic cancer.
prospective cohort study of neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy using gem and nabptx for borderline resectable pancreatic cancer.
outcome after neoadjuvant chemoradiation and correlation with nutritional status in patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer.
neoadjuvant therapy for resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic cancer: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
clinical efficacy of iort on patients with unrectable pancreatic body-tail carcinoma: a randomized controlled trial.
preoperative gemcitabine plus nab-paclitaxel, concurrent 3d conformal radiation therapy for resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic cancer: phase ii study.
short-course versus long-course pre-operative chemotherapy with mfolfirinox or paxg (cassandra trial).
efficacy of using synbiotics during neoadjuvant chemotherapy in pancreatic and biliary cancer patients.
observational study of neoadjuvant gs chemotherapy for patients with pancreatic cancer.
phase i study of neoadjuvant chemotherapy with gemcitabine and nab paclitaxel for resectable pancreatic cancer.
pancreatic cancer with elevated serum ca125 were compared with those who did not receive neoadjuvant chemotherapy.
proteomic analysis of cases with pancreatic cancer who undergo preoperative chemoradiation therapy.
preoperative chemoradiation therapy combined with peptide vaccination for t3-pancreatic cancer: prospective phase i/ii study.
trial in progress: a randomized phase ii study of pembrolizumab with or without defactinib, a focal adhesion kinase inhibitor, following chemotherapy as a neoadjuvant and adjuvant treatment for resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (pdac).
randomized phase ii/iii study of gemcitabine and nab-paclitaxel therapy versus s-1 and concurrent radiotherapy as neoadjuvant treatment for borderline resectable pancreatic cancer.
the phase 2 study of neoadjuvant chemotherapy of gemcitabine+nab-paclitaxel+s-1 for patients with biological borderline resectable pancreatic cancer.
neutrophil-mediated fibroblast-tumor cell il-6/stat-3 signaling underlies the association between neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio dynamics and chemotherapy response in localized pancreatic cancer: a hybrid clinical-preclinical study.
preliminary translational immune and stromal correlates in a randomized phase ii trial of pembrolizumab with or without defactinib for resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (pdac).
randomized phase ii study of neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy (s-1+radiation) for resectable pancreatic cancer with less than 180 degree portal vein abutment.
phase ii study of neoadjuvant folfirinox or nab-paclitaxel with gemcitabine for borderline resectable pancreatic cancer.
de (kosten)effectiviteit van neoadjuvante folfirinox versus neoadjuvante chemoradiotherapie met gemcitabine en adjuvante gemcitabine voor patiënten met (borderline) resectabel pancreaskanker - preopanc-2 studie.
blue and amber light exposure in patients with rectal and pancreatic cancer.
efficacy of neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy with metformin for locally advanced pancreatic cancer.
multicenter, randomized, open-label phase ii study comparing s-1 alternate-day oral therapy with the standard daily regimen as a first-line treatment in patients with unresectable advanced pancreatic cancer.
a prospective phase ii trial of neoadjuvant s-1 with concurrent hypofractionated radiotherapy in patients with resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma.
adjuvant chemotherapy versus neoadjuvant gemcitabine/ oxaliplatin plus adjuvant gemcitabine in resectable pancreatic cancer: a randomized multicenter phase iii study.
a prospective randomized controlled study of the outcomes of laparoscopy and open surgery after neoadjuvant chemotherapy for pancreatic cancer.
phase ii trial of neoadjuvant combination chemotherapy with gemcitabine and s-1 for locally advanced pancreatic cancer.
phase ii study of preoperative intensity modulated radiotherapy with gemcitabine and s-1 in patients with locally advanced pancreas cancer.
primus002: a study looking at two neo-adjuvant chemotherapy treatments for pancreatic cancer in patients whose cancer is able to be operated on.
a randomised controlled pilot study of the efficacy of adding bevacizumab to gemcitabine as neoadjuvant treatment for locally advanced non metastatic pancreatic cancer - neo-avastin.
analysis of patient screening in the phase iii, international, randomized, open-label apact trial.
study of pembrolizumab with or without defactinib following chemotherapy as a neoadjuvant and adjuvant treatment for resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma.
perioperative platelet inhibition with acetylsalicylic acid in patients with resectable tumors of the pancreatic head.
assessment of response to neoadjuvant therapy using ct texture analysis in patients with resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma.
randomized phase ii/iii trial of neoadjuvant chemotherapy with gemcitabine and s-1 versus upfront surgery for resectable pancreatic cancer (prep-02/jsap05).
prospective multicenter study regarding the efficacy of gemcitabine (gemzar) plus nab-paclitaxel (abraxane) regimen for locally advanced pancreatic cancer.
evaluation of efficacy and safety of neoadjuvant treatment with pamrevlumab in combination with chemotherapy (either gemcitabine plus nab-paclitaxel or folfirinox) in participants with locally advanced, unresectable pancreatic cancer.
p01 - a prospective, randomized, multicenter trial of additional radiochemotherapy to neoadjuvant chemotherapy in patients with locally advanced pancreatic adenocarcinoma.
a feasibility study of ts-1 schedule modification in patients with metastatic and locally advanced pancreatic cancer.
results of a randomized clinical study of gemcitabine plus nab-paclitaxel versus gemcitabine plus s-1 as neoadjuvant chemotherapy for resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (rct, csgo-hbp-015).
phase ii study of surgical resection following neoadjuvant chemoradiation using gemcitibine and ts-1 in patients with potentially and borderline resectable pancreatic cancer.
effects of ts-1 and heparin-based chemoradiation combined with mmc, cddp as the neoadjuvant therapy on the patients with the potentially resectable pancreatic cancer.
randomized phase 3 trial comparing upfront surgery versus neoadjuvant modified folfirinox in patients with resectable pancreatic cancer.
a randomized phase ii trial of neoadjuvant chemotherapy for patients with resectable pancreatic cancer: gemcitabine alone vs. gemcitabine combined with cisplatin.
a single-center prospective randomized controlled phase ii trial comparing therapeutic efficacy in resectable pancreatic cancer patients with positive circulating tumor markers with or without neoadjuvant chemotherapy.
a phase 2 study of combination neoadjuvant chemotherapy with gemcitabine s-1 and leucovorin in patients with borderline and locally advanced pancreatic cancer.
qingyi huaji recipe combined with neoadjuvant chemotherapy in the treatment of borderline resectable pancreatic cancer: a single-center, prospective, randomized controlled clinical trial.
phase ii study of pre-operative chemoradiation using s-1 followed by surgical resection for potentially resectable and locally advanced pancreatic cancer.
phase ii study of neo-adjuvant chemotherapy with combination therapy of gemcitabine and s-1 in patients with resectable pancreatic cancer.
voorbehandeling met bestraling en chemotherapie gevolgd door operatie versus alleen operatie voor operatief verwijderbare of mogelijk verwijderbare alvleesklierkanker. een gerandomiseerd fase iii onderzoek.
trial of neoadjuvant and adjuvant nivolumab and bms-813160 with or without gvax for locally advanced pancreatic ductal adenocarcinomas.
nalirifox in combination with camrelizumab for brpc: a prospective, exploratory study.
chemotherapy before or after surgery in patients with resectable pancreatic cancer: the preopanc-3 study.
total neoadjuvant folfirinox versus neoadjuvant gemcitabine-based chemoradiotherapy and adjuvant gemcitabine for resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic cancer (preopanc-2 trial): study protocol for a nationwide multicenter randomized controlled trial.
multi-center clinical study of microbubble ultrasonic cavitation technology combined with neoadjuvant therapy to enhance the curative effect of pancreatic cancer.
phase i study of preoperative chemo-radiotherapy with alternate-day administrations of s-1 and radiation in patients with pancreatic cancer.
a randomised phase 2 trial of nab-paclitaxel plus gemcitabine with or without capecitabine and cisplatin in locally advanced or borderline resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma.
randomized phase ii study of gemcitabine and s-1 combination therapy versus gemcitabine and nanoparticle albumin-bound paclitaxel combination therapy as neoadjuvant chemotherapy for resectable/borderline resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (pdac-gs/ga-rp2, csgo-hbp-015).
a phase ii study of peri-operative modified folfirinox in localized pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (pdac).
nagoya university pancreatic tumor board trial 08.
gabarnance trial.
neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy versus immediate surgery for resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic cancer: meta-analysis and trial sequential analysis of randomized controlled trials.
perioperative versus adjuvant folfirinox for resectable pancreatic cancer: the preopanc-3 study.
survival analysis after pre-surgical therapy in patients with resectable pancreatic cancer and risk factors.
a phase ii trial of short-course versus long-course pre-operative chemotherapy with mfolfirinox or paxg regimen for stage i-iii pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (pdac.
a randomized controlled trial to verify the non-inferiority of partially covered self-expandable metal stent (pcsems) to uncovered self-expandable metal stent (ucsems) for biliary drainage during neoadjuvant therapy in pancreatic cancer patients with obstructive jaundice.
application of radiosensitizer to particle combined with gem in the treatment of advanced pancreatic cancer.
"heatpac" - a phase ii randomized study of concurrent thermochemoradiotherapy versus chemoradiotherapy alone in locally advanced pancreatic cancer.
a study of durvalumab in patients with br pda following neoadjuvant therapy and successful surgical resection.
concurrent hyperthermia and chemoradiotherapy in lapc: phase ii study.
clinical trial to evaluate the efficacy and safety of nanosecond pulse tumor ablation system and disposable electric pulse ablation electrode for ablation of locally advanced pancreatic cancer (prospective, multicenter, open, randomized, parallel controlled, superior efficacy trial).
nupat-07.
nacrt(ga-rt) vs nac(ga) for brpc.
short or long nat for br/lapc (advantage trial).
there are 2 target papers found during the search in pubmed!.
in the end, 2 target papers were left after filtering!.
the number of target article missing is: 0.
false positive rate: 0.8133047210300429.
false negative rate: 0.0.

Included target articles are as follow:
preoperative irradiation in carcinoma of the pancreas.
curative surgery for adenocarcinoma of the pancreas/ampulla of vater: the role of adjuvant pre or postoperative radiation therapy.
increased resectability of locally advanced pancreatic and periampullary carcinoma with neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy.
preoperative chemoradiation and pancreaticoduodenectomy for adenocarcinoma of the pancreas.
a single institutional experience with preoperative chemoradiotherapy for stage i-iii pancreatic adenocarcinoma.
neoadjuvant therapy for unresectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma.
preoperative chemoradiation for adenocarcinoma of the pancreas and duodenum.
a pilot study of preoperative chemoradiation for patients with localized adenocarcinoma of the pancreas.
preoperative chemoradiation, pancreaticoduodenectomy, and intraoperative radiation therapy for adenocarcinoma of the pancreatic head.
ca 19-9 is an index of response to neoadjunctive chemoradiation therapy in pancreatic cancer.
combined modality therapy for stage ii and stage iii pancreatic carcinoma.
paclitaxel and concurrent radiation for locally advanced pancreatic and gastric cancer: a phase i study.
preoperative and postoperative chemoradiation strategies in patients treated with pancreaticoduodenectomy for adenocarcinoma of the pancreas.
[does neoadjuvant radiochemotherapy augment the resectability of pancreatic cancers?].
phase ii trial of preoperative radiation therapy and chemotherapy for patients with localized, resectable adenocarcinoma of the pancreas: an eastern cooperative oncology group study.
preoperative versus postoperative chemoradiation for patients with resected pancreatic adenocarcinoma.
rapid-fractionation preoperative chemoradiation, pancreaticoduodenectomy, and intraoperative radiation therapy for resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma.
chemoradiotherapy as preoperative treatment in locally advanced unresectable pancreatic cancer patients: results of a feasibility study.
paclitaxel and concurrent radiation therapy for locally advanced adenocarcinomas of the pancreas, stomach, and gastroesophageal junction.
preoperative chemoradiation for patients with locally advanced adenocarcinoma of the pancreas.
pancreatic carcinoma deemed unresectable at exploration may be resected for cure: an institutional experience.
neoadjuvant radio-chemotherapy in advanced primarily non-resectable carcinomas of the pancreas.
survival advantage of combined chemoradiotherapy compared with resection as the initial treatment of patients with regional pancreatic carcinoma. an outcomes trial.
preoperative chemotherapy, radiotherapy, and surgical resection of locally advanced pancreatic cancer.
neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy for adenocarcinoma of the pancreas: treatment variables and survival duration.
preoperative chemoradiation for marginally resectable adenocarcinoma of the pancreas.
effect of preoperative chemoradiotherapy on surgical margin status of resected adenocarcinoma of the head of the pancreas.
staging of pancreatic cancer before and after neoadjuvant chemoradiation.
neoadjuvant chemoradiation for localized adenocarcinoma of the pancreas.
preoperative chemoradiation in the management of adenocarcinoma of the body of the pancreas.
does neoadjuvant chemoradiation downstage locally advanced pancreatic cancer?.
a phase ii single institutional experience with preoperative radiochemotherapy in pancreatic adenocarcinoma.
preoperative paclitaxel and concurrent rapid-fractionation radiation for resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma: toxicities, histologic response rates, and event-free outcome.
[surgical therapy of locally advanced and primary inoperable pancreatic carcinoma after neoadjuvant preoperative radiochemotherapy].
chemoradiotherapy in the treatment of regional pancreatic carcinoma: a phase ii study.
surgical resection following radiation therapy with concurrent gemcitabine in patients with previously unresectable adenocarcinoma of the pancreas.
surgical resection after preoperative chemoradiotherapy benefits selected patients with unresectable pancreatic cancer.
neoadjuvant preoperative chemoradiation in patients with pancreatic cancer.
neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy for adenocarcinoma of the pancreas: analysis of histopathology and outcome.
[radiochemotherapy with gemcitabine and cisplatin in pancreatic cancer -- feasible and effective].
neoadjuvant chemoradiation with tegafur in cancer of the pancreas: initial analysis of clinical tolerance and outcome.
phase i-ii trial of twice-weekly gemcitabine and concomitant irradiation in patients undergoing pancreaticoduodenectomy with extended lymphadenectomy for locally advanced pancreatic cancer.
assessment of pathologic response after preoperative chemoradiotherapy and surgery in pancreatic adenocarcinoma.
neoadjuvant induction chemotherapy followed by chemoradiation: a phase i trial of gemcitabine, cisplatin, and 5-fluorouracil for advanced pancreatic/gastrointestinal malignancies.
effect of chemoradiotherapy with gemcitabine and cisplatin on locoregional control in patients with primary inoperable pancreatic cancer.
sequential and/or concurrent hypofractionated radiotherapy and concurrent chemotherapy in neoadjuvant treatment of advanced adenocarcinoma of the pancreas. outcome and patterns of failure.
preoperative locoregional re-evaluation by endoscopic ultrasound in pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma after neoadjuvant chemoradiation.
feasibility and efficacy of combination therapy with preoperative and postoperative chemoradiation, extended pancreatectomy, and postoperative liver perfusion chemotherapy for locally advanced cancers of the pancreatic head.
docetaxel/gemcitabine followed by gemcitabine and external beam radiotherapy in patients with pancreatic adenocarcinoma.
locally advanced pancreatic cancer treated with radiation and 5-fluorouracil: a first step to neoadjuvant treatment?.
significance of histological response to preoperative chemoradiotherapy for pancreatic cancer.
a phase i study of eniluracil/5-fu in combination with radiation therapy for potentially resectable and/or unresectable cancer of the pancreas and distal biliary tract.
[locally advanced pancreatic adenocarcinoma. chemoradiotherapy, reevaluation and secondary resection].
pancreatic resections after chemoradiotherapy for locally advanced ductal adenocarcinoma: analysis of perioperative outcome and survival.
a multi-institutional phase ii trial of preoperative full-dose gemcitabine and concurrent radiation for patients with potentially resectable pancreatic carcinoma.
evaluation of preoperative therapy for pancreatic cancer using a prognostic nomogram.
phase i study of oxaliplatin, full-dose gemcitabine, and concurrent radiation therapy in pancreatic cancer.
preoperative chemoradiation and intra-operative radiotherapy for pancreatic carcinoma.
a randomized phase 2 trial of neoadjuvant chemotherapy in resectable pancreatic cancer: gemcitabine alone versus gemcitabine combined with cisplatin.
impact of preoperative chemoradiotherapy on survival in patients with resectable pancreatic cancer.
concurrent chemoradiotherapy for advanced pancreatic cancer: 1,000 mg/m2 gemcitabine can be administered using limited-field radiotherapy.
neoadjuvant chemotherapy and radiation for patients with locally unresectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma: feasibility, efficacy, and survival.
chemoradiation followed by chemotherapy before resection for borderline pancreatic adenocarcinoma.
preoperative gemcitabine-based chemoradiation for patients with resectable adenocarcinoma of the pancreatic head.
preoperative chemoradiation in adenocarcinoma of the pancreas. a single centre experience advocating a new treatment strategy.
effect of neoadjuvant therapy on local recurrence after resection of pancreatic adenocarcinoma.
prospective phase ii trial of neoadjuvant chemotherapy with gemcitabine and cisplatin for resectable adenocarcinoma of the pancreatic head.
histopathological response to preoperative chemoradiation for resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma: the french phase ii ffcd 9704-sfro trial.
efficacy of preoperative radiochemotherapy in patients with locally advanced pancreatic carcinoma.
phase i/ii trial of induction chemotherapy followed by concurrent chemoradiotherapy and surgery for locoregionally advanced pancreatic cancer.
survival after pancreatectomy with major arterial resection and reconstruction.
neoadjuvant chemoradiation in patients with potentially resectable pancreatic cancer.
preoperative gemcitabine and cisplatin followed by gemcitabine-based chemoradiation for resectable adenocarcinoma of the pancreatic head.
long-term results of concurrent radiotherapy and uft in patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer.
polymorphisms of p16, p27, p73, and mdm2 modulate response and survival of pancreatic cancer patients treated with preoperative chemoradiation.
effects of neoadjuvant combined chemotherapy and radiation therapy on the ct evaluation of resectability and staging in patients with pancreatic head cancer.
preoperative gemcitabine based chemo-radiotherapy in locally advanced non metastatic pancreatic adenocarcinoma.
feasibility and efficacy of combination therapy with preoperative full-dose gemcitabine, concurrent three-dimensional conformal radiation, surgery, and postoperative liver perfusion chemotherapy for t3-pancreatic cancer.
surgical results after preoperative chemoradiation therapy for patients with pancreatic cancer.
downstaging of pancreatic carcinoma after neoadjuvant chemoradiation.
neoadjuvant 5 fluorouracil-cisplatin chemoradiation effect on survival in patients with resectable pancreatic head adenocarcinoma: a ten-year single institution experience.
