total number of articles searched: 127.
objectives: ['to compare the diagnostic performance of the uac vs the acr in random urine samples for microalbuminuria screening among patients with dm.'].
screening for microalbuminuria in patients with type 2 diabetes is incomplete in general practice.
accuracy of urine dipstick test for microalbuminuria in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients.
comparison of the usefulness of plasma levels of oxidatively modified forms of albumin in estimating kidney dysfunction in diabetic patients.
prevalence and risk factors associated with chronic kidney disease in an adult population from southern china.
assessing albuminuria in spot morning samples from diabetic patients.
who is tested for diabetic kidney disease and who initiates treatment? the translating research into action for diabetes (triad) study.
[evaluation of novel test strip to measure albumin and creatinine in urine].
[nephropathy: an overview for daily practice].
[diabetes, hypertension and microalbuminuria in primary care].
microalbuminuria in diabetes mellitus: efficacy of a new screening method in comparison with timed overnight urine collection.
an aid to the early detection and management of diabetic nephropathy: assessment of a new point of care microalbuminuria system in the diabetic clinic.
screening for microalbuminuria to prevent nephropathy in patients with diabetes: a systematic review of the evidence.
evaluation of a rapid screening test for microalbuminuria with a spot measurement of urine albumin-creatinine ratio.
screening of diabetic patients for microalbuminuria in primary care--the prosit-project. proteinuria screening and intervention.
detection of microalbuminuria. receiver operating characteristic curve analysis favors albumin-to-creatinine ratio over albumin concentration.
the validity of random urine specimen albumin measurement as a screening test for diabetic nephropathy.
multicenter evaluation of the micral-test ii test strip, an immunologic rapid test for the detection of microalbuminuria.
[the significance of diagnosing microalbuminuria and microglobulinuria in diabetes mellitus and arterial hypertension].
the receiver operating characteristics curve in the evaluation of a random urine specimen as a screening test for diabetic nephropathy.
screening for diabetic microalbuminuria in routine clinical care: which method?.
cost-effectiveness of screening for microalbuminuria using immunochemical dipstick tests or laboratory assays in diabetic patients.
choice of urine sample predictive of microalbuminuria in patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
albumin excretion rate, albumin concentration, and albumin/creatinine ratio compared for screening diabetics for slight albuminuria.
comparison of overnight, morning and 24-hour urine collections in the assessment of diabetic microalbuminuria.
screening for early diabetic nephropathy.
screening for early diabetic nephropathy: which sample to detect microalbuminuria?.
.
there are 7 target papers found during the search in pubmed!.
they are:.
utility of untimed urinary albumin measurements in assessing albuminuria in black niddm subjects.
urinary albumin to osmolality ratio predicts 24-hour urine albumin excretion in diabetes mellitus.
in the end, 5 target papers were left after filtering!.
the number of target article missing is: 2.
false positive rate: 0.2047244094488189.
false negative rate: 0.2857142857142857.

Included target articles are as follow:
assessing albuminuria in spot morning samples from diabetic patients.
the receiver operating characteristics curve in the evaluation of a random urine specimen as a screening test for diabetic nephropathy.
the validity of random urine specimen albumin measurement as a screening test for diabetic nephropathy.
evaluation of a rapid screening test for microalbuminuria with a spot measurement of urine albumin-creatinine ratio.
comparison of overnight, morning and 24-hour urine collections in the assessment of diabetic microalbuminuria.
utility of untimed urinary albumin measurements in assessing albuminuria in black niddm subjects.
urinary albumin to osmolality ratio predicts 24-hour urine albumin excretion in diabetes mellitus.
