total number of articles searched: 85.
objectives: ['estimate the average effect of bempedoic acid on plasma lipids in humans', 'evaluate the safety profile of bempedoic acid', 'define the efficacy and tolerability profile of bempedoic acid treatment'].
new oral agents for treating dyslipidemia.
new therapeutic approaches for familial hypercholesterolemia.
cardiovascular risk reduction: the future of cholesterol lowering drugs.
new and emerging ldl cholesterol-lowering drugs.
there are 9 target papers found during the search in pubmed!.
false positive rate: 0.23529411764705882.
false negative rate: 0.1111111111111111.

Included target articles are as follow:
efficacy and safety of bempedoic acid in patients with hypercholesterolemia and statin intolerance.
bempedoic acid plus ezetimibe fixed-dose combination in patients with hypercholesterolemia and high cvd risk treated with maximally tolerated statin therapy.
complementary low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol lowering and pharmacokinetics of adding bempedoic acid (etc-1002) to high-dose atorvastatin background therapy in hypercholesterolemic patients: a randomized placebo-controlled trial.
safety and efficacy of bempedoic acid to reduce ldl cholesterol.
efficacy and safety of bempedoic acid added to ezetimibe in statin-intolerant patients with hypercholesterolemia: a randomized, placebo-controlled study.
effect of etc-1002 on serum low-density lipoprotein cholesterol in hypercholesterolemic patients receiving statin therapy.
treatment with etc-1002 alone and in combination with ezetimibe lowers ldl cholesterol in hypercholesterolemic patients with or without statin intolerance.
efficacy and safety of etc-1002, a novel investigational low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol-lowering therapy for the treatment of patients with hypercholesterolemia and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
use of etc-1002 to treat hypercholesterolemia in patients with statin intolerance.
efficacy and safety of a novel dual modulator of adenosine triphosphate-citrate lyase and adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase in patients with hypercholesterolemia: results of a multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group trial.
