total number of articles searched: 525.
objectives: ['to systematically review published evidence on the association between puberty timing and type 2 diabetes or impaired glucose tolerance.', 'to evaluate whether the association between puberty timing and type 2 diabetes/impaired glucose tolerance is independent of adiposity.', 'to estimate the potential contribution of puberty timing to the burden of type 2 diabetes in the united kingdom.'].
systematic review and meta-analysis of age at menarche and risk of type 2 diabetes.
age at menarche and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: a population-based study in xiamen, china.
age at menarche and incidence of diabetes: a prospective study of 300,000 women in china.
age at menarche and its association with dysglycemia in korean middle-aged women.
age at menarche and type 2 diabetes risk: the epic-interact study.
relationship between fatty liver and glucose metabolism: a cross-sectional study in 571 obese children.
pubertal changes of insulin sensitivity, acute insulin response, and β-cell function in overweight latino youth.
early menarche increases the risk of type 2 diabetes in young and middle-aged korean women.
menarcheal age and risk of type 2 diabetes: a community-based cohort study.
age at menarche and age at natural menopause as predictors of glycemic control in type 2 diabetic patients.
obesity in children and adolescents: relationship to growth, pubarche, menarche, and voice break.
insulin sensitivity and lipid profiles in girls with central precocious puberty before and during gonadal suppression.
association between age at menarche and risk of diabetes in adults: results from the epic-norfolk cohort study.
puberty timing associated with diabetes, cardiovascular disease and also diverse health outcomes in men and women: the uk biobank study.
age at menarche is associated with prediabetes and diabetes in women (aged 32-81 years) from the general population: the kora f4 study.
age at menarche and risk of type 2 diabetes: results from 2 large prospective cohort studies.
differential analysis of nutrient intake, insulin resistance and lipid profiles between healthy and premature thelarche chinese girls.
impact of age at menarche on obesity and glycemic control in japanese patients with type 2 diabetes: fukuoka diabetes registry.
adolescent testosterone, muscle mass and glucose metabolism: evidence from the 'children of 1997' birth cohort in hong kong.
early menarche is associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes in rural chinese women and is partially mediated by bmi: the henan rural cohort study.
the role of bmi across the life course in the relationship between age at menarche and diabetes, in a british birth cohort.
association between age at menarche and diabetes in korean post-menopausal women: results from the korea national health and nutrition examination survey (2007-2009).
adiposity, dysmetabolic traits, and earlier onset of female puberty in adolescent offspring of women with gestational diabetes mellitus: a clinical study within the danish national birth cohort.
earlier age at menarche is associated with higher diabetes risk and cardiometabolic disease risk factors in brazilian adults: brazilian longitudinal study of adult health (elsa-brasil).
age at menarche, the leg length to sitting height ratio, and risk of diabetes in middle-aged and elderly chinese men and women.
the shape of the plasma glucose curve during an oral glucose tolerance test as an indicator of beta cell function and insulin sensitivity in end-pubertal obese girls.
female reproductive history and risk of type 2 diabetes: a prospective analysis of 126 721 women.
deterioration of insulin sensitivity and beta-cell function in overweight hispanic children during pubertal transition: a longitudinal assessment.
insulin resistance negatively influences the muscle-dependent igf-1-bone mass relationship in premenarcheal girls.
reproductive history and risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus in postmenopausal women: findings from the women's health initiative.
comparison of leptin levels, body composition and insulin sensitivity and secretion by ogtt in healthy, early pubertal girls born at either appropriate- or small-for-gestational age.
one-year follow-up of untreated obese white children and adolescents with impaired glucose tolerance: high conversion rate to normal glucose tolerance.
adolescent and young adult female determinants of visceral adipose tissue at ages 26-28 years.
predictors of metabolic control at one year in a population of pediatric patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a retrospective study.
relative leg length is associated with type 2 diabetes differently according to pubertal timing: the brazilian longitudinal study of adult health.
[health and factors associated with glycemic control in 165 children with insulin-dependent diabetes, aged 7-23 year].
insulin resistance is higher in prepubertal girls but switches to become higher in boys at age 16: a cohort study (earlybird 57).
longitudinal changes in risk variables underlying metabolic syndrome x from childhood to young adulthood in female subjects with a history of early menarche: the bogalusa heart study.
delayed puberty in girls with cystic fibrosis despite good clinical status.
age at menarche and risk of type 2 diabetes among african-american and white women in the atherosclerosis risk in communities (aric) study.
longitudinal study of age of menarche in association with childhood concentrations of persistent organic pollutants.
age at menarche, abnormal glucose tolerance and type 2 diabetes mellitus: the rancho bernardo study.
evolution of glucose intolerance and diabetes in transfused patients with thalassemia.
pubertal timing and growth influences cardiometabolic risk factors in adult males and females.
small for gestational age (sga): endocrine and metabolic consequences and effects of growth hormone treatment.
age before stage: insulin resistance rises before the onset of puberty: a 9-year longitudinal study (earlybird 26).
ethnic and gender differences in body fat in british schoolchildren as measured by dxa.
polycystic ovary syndrome in iranian adolescents.
prospective associations of dietary insulin demand, glycemic index, and glycemic load during puberty with body composition in young adulthood.
pubertal alterations in growth and body composition. vi. pubertal insulin resistance: relation to adiposity, body fat distribution and hormone release.
parental diabetes, pubertal stage, and extreme obesity are the main risk factors for prediabetes in children and adolescents: a simple risk score to identify children at risk for prediabetes.
early menarche and the development of cardiovascular disease risk factors in adolescent girls: the fels longitudinal study.
an 8-year prospective study of depressive symptoms and change in insulin from adolescence to young adulthood.
british south asians aged 13-16 years have higher fasting glucose and insulin levels than europeans.
age at menarche in the canadian population: secular trends and relationship to adulthood bmi.
glucose metabolism in children and adolescents: population-based reference values and comparisons to children and adolescents enrolled in obesity treatment.
preteen insulin levels interact with caloric intake to predict increases in obesity at ages 18 to 19 years: a 10-year prospective study of black and white girls.
age of menarche and the metabolic syndrome in china.
obesity in spanish schoolchildren: relationship with lipid profile and insulin resistance.
sexual dimorphism of body composition and insulin sensitivity across pubertal development in obese caucasian subjects.
[cardiovascular risk and metabolic profile in obese children and adolescents with low insulin sensitivity].
comparison of oral and intravenous glucose tolerance test derived sensitivity and secretory indices in obese adolescents.
early and late menarche are associated with oligomenorrhea and predict metabolic syndrome 26 years later.
cortisol is negatively associated with insulin sensitivity in overweight latino youth.
shared genetic aetiology of puberty timing between sexes and with health-related outcomes.
age at menopause, reproductive life span, and type 2 diabetes risk: results from the epic-interact study.
screening and diagnosis of diabetes in children and pregnant women.
birth weight, body silhouette over the life course, and incident diabetes in 91,453 middle-aged women from the french etude epidemiologique de femmes de la mutuelle generale de l'education nationale (e3n) cohort.
age at menarche and its association with the metabolic syndrome and its components: results from the kora f4 study.
insulin resistance is improved in overweight african american boys but not in girls following a one-year multidisciplinary community intervention program.
testosterone treatment in adolescents with delayed puberty: changes in body composition, protein, fat, and glucose metabolism.
early menarche is associated with metabolic syndrome and insulin resistance in premenopausal korean women.
genomic analyses identify hundreds of variants associated with age at menarche and support a role for puberty timing in cancer risk.
metabolic syndrome in young women with the polycystic ovary syndrome: revisiting the threshold for an abnormally decreased high-density lipoprotein cholesterol serum level.
screening for dysglycemia in overweight youth presenting for weight management.
influence of puberty timing on adiposity and cardiometabolic traits: a mendelian randomisation study.
low-grade inflammation and muscular fitness on insulin resistance in adolescents: results from labmed physical activity study.
african american child-women: nutrition theory revisited.
increased intake of carbohydrates from sources with a higher glycemic index and lower consumption of whole grains during puberty are prospectively associated with higher il-6 concentrations in younger adulthood among healthy individuals.
sex and puberty-related differences in metabolomic profiles associated with adiposity measures in youth with obesity.
what is the risk of metabolic syndrome in adolescents with normal bmi who have polycystic ovary syndrome?.
the preventive effect of breast-feeding for longer than 6 months on early pubertal development among children aged 7-9 years in korea.
the genetics of pubertal timing in the general population: recent advances and evidence for sex-specificity.
roles of physical activity and cardiorespiratory fitness on sex difference in insulin resistance in late elementary years.
evolution of metabolic alterations 5 years after early puberty in a cohort of girls predisposed to polycystic ovary syndrome.
increased leptin, decreased adiponectin and fgf21 concentrations in adolescent offspring of women with gestational diabetes.
tcf7l2 gene polymorphisms confer an increased risk for early impairment of glucose metabolism and increased height in obese children.
global fibrinolytic capacity is decreased in girls with premature adrenarche: a new pathological finding?.
gender differences in the relationship between heart rate control and adiposity in young children: a cross-sectional study (earlybird 33).
treated and untreated women with idiopathic precocious puberty: bmi evolution, metabolic outcome, and general health between third and fifth decades.
il-6, il-8 and il-10 levels in healthy weight and overweight children.
association of female reproductive factors with body composition: the framingham heart study.
an assessment of retinal nerve fiber layer thickness in non-diabetic obese children and adolescents.
acylation stimulating protein but not complement c3 associates with metabolic syndrome components in chinese children and adolescents.
temple syndrome: improving the recognition of an underdiagnosed chromosome 14 imprinting disorder: an analysis of 51 published cases.
endocrine abnormalities in ring chromosome 11: a case report and review of the literature.
noonan syndrome: relationships between genotype, growth, and growth factors.
gh mutant (r77c) in a pedigree presenting with the delay of growth and pubertal development: structural analysis of the mutant and evaluation of the biological activity.
association of age at menarche with metabolic syndrome and its components in rural bangladeshi women.
metformin for rapidly maturing girls with central adiposity: less liver fat and slower bone maturation.
the diagnosis of polycystic ovary syndrome during adolescence.
vitamin d insufficiency and insulin resistance in obese adolescents.
a comparative study of nutritional status and foodstuffs in adolescent girls in iran.
.
there are 18 target papers found during the search in pubmed!.
they are:.
age at menarche and cardiovascular risk factors using mendelian randomization in the guangzhou biobank cohort study.
age at menarche and cardiometabolic risk in adulthood: the coronary artery risk development in young adults study.
reproductive factors and risk of type 2 diabetes in an occupational cohort of chinese women.
in the end, 15 target papers were left after filtering!.
the number of target article missing is: 3.
false positive rate: 0.1961904761904762.
false negative rate: 0.16666666666666666.

Included target articles are as follow:
age at menarche and incidence of diabetes: a prospective study of 300,000 women in china.
age at menarche and cardiovascular risk factors using mendelian randomization in the guangzhou biobank cohort study.
age at menarche and cardiometabolic risk in adulthood: the coronary artery risk development in young adults study.
age at menarche, abnormal glucose tolerance and type 2 diabetes mellitus: the rancho bernardo study.
association between age at menarche and risk of diabetes in adults: results from the epic-norfolk cohort study.
age at menarche, the leg length to sitting height ratio, and risk of diabetes in middle-aged and elderly chinese men and women.
puberty timing associated with diabetes, cardiovascular disease and also diverse health outcomes in men and women: the uk biobank study.
the role of bmi across the life course in the relationship between age at menarche and diabetes, in a british birth cohort.
age at menarche and type 2 diabetes risk: the epic-interact study.
menarcheal age and risk of type 2 diabetes: a community-based cohort study.
age of menarche and the metabolic syndrome in china.
association of age at menarche with metabolic syndrome and its components in rural bangladeshi women.
age at menarche and its association with dysglycemia in korean middle-aged women.
early menarche increases the risk of type 2 diabetes in young and middle-aged korean women.
reproductive factors and risk of type 2 diabetes in an occupational cohort of chinese women.
age at menarche and risk of type 2 diabetes: results from 2 large prospective cohort studies.
age at menarche and risk of type 2 diabetes among african-american and white women in the atherosclerosis risk in communities (aric) study.
earlier age at menarche is associated with higher diabetes risk and cardiometabolic disease risk factors in brazilian adults: brazilian longitudinal study of adult health (elsa-brasil).
